# File: Land of Eight Million Dreams.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

a.



La

NAN Credizs Special Thanks
(A Written bys Deena McKinney, Jim Moore, Wayne Peacock ‘From Wayne Peacock /
Developed by: Ian Lemke Emma and her monn,

Edited by: Count Rocksha Von Spur
Art Director: Aileen Miles
Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Be:

Keith Martin, and Buck
From James A. Moore }

oi " ae To Su Lee and Ming, forall of their invaluable assistance.
Detain Ae Stowe, with, and to lan for his patience. Lastly, as always, thanks to

Bonnie, my wife, for putting up with me.
Front Cover Art: Tony DiTerlizei vee ee ee |

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

735 PARK NORTH BLYD. ‘Wolf Publist ved. Trinity, Werewolf

7 3 Year of the Lotus,
b SUITE 128 eee he ean ight Million Dreams |
CLARKSTOK, GA 30021 Publishing, Inc. All rights

narks of White Wolf
All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf

USA Publishing, Inc.
‘The mention of or reference to any company or product

CAME STUDIO

in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copy
right concerned,

© 1998 Whire WolfPublishing, Inc. All rights reserved, ‘This book uses che supernatural for settings, characters
Reproduction without the written permission of the pub- and themes. All mystical and supernatura $ are
lisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of _ fiction and intended forenterta

reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be discretion is advised,
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, World of Check out White Wolf online at
Darkness, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages http:
and Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of White

wwawhite-wolf.com; alt,games.whitewolf and

ree game


NI

Sy
os

SS

Chapcer Five: We

Chapicer Six: Secci

Chapzer Seven: Hono



A 0 Hs MI

Ci

IX

TS
SS

Fore,
ZARA

SSS

have around head pointing tothe Heavens, and square feet for
stomping over the earth... How am I different from other people?
— David Kherdian (translation), Monkey: A Joumey tothe West

Deep in the heart of the western mountains, where the co the August Personage of Jade. And on the first day of
rocky land meets sunset's golden sky, stands the Library of planting each year, when earth's soil, water's coolness,
Farth. From the Age of Heaven to the present Age of metal's sharp edges, wood's growth and the sun's fire come
Tribulation, many komukohave tended this immortal place. together in the farmers' fields, these komuko repeat the
They hear the tales of days and nights that have come and _ story of Ah Kum Lam. They burn a hundred golden orchids

gone. Laughing at the Monkey King's antics, these kamuii in memory of her name and from the Library of Earth's great

S}

learn the story of Hanumen and T'u, of how this unlikely marble balcony, they scatter into the air the ashes mixed
pair brought the Tao Te Hsien to the Shinma. With anger with their tears. When the winds carry the ashes aci
and fear in their hearts, the komuko hear the story of the _ lands throughout the seasons, explain the librarian:
fallen Wan Xian, and how from their treachery, barriers a good omen for hsien and mortals alike. "We remembs

arose around the Middle Kingdom, denying the hsien access they whisper, "and do not forget her tale."

Ab Kum Lam: Golden Orchids


s

‘Once upon che time in the Age of Beautiful Sadness lived
a hanumen named Ah Kum Lam. Like most of her kwannon-
jin, Ak Kum Lam was pry and mischievous. She liked nothing
better than to show her mastery of Wu Tan by playing litle
tricks on all the students at the Library of Earth, where she
served Munghee, a venerable komuko. Such pranks included
turning all the inkstones into rocks (well, only for a day),
making the most delicate soba noodles taste like dirt (but just
for one meal) and sticking her tail through the walls to snatch
and tug atthe students' robes (just every so often). The gentle
kamuii Munghee would only noddisapprovinglyatthehanumen
in the presence of angered students, laugh at the monkey's wit
in private and send Ah Kum Lam out to pick gingko nuts as
punishment.

"She has much spirit," Mughee confided to the other
komuko, "and whar's more, [like her Ah Kum Lam would
never injure anyone." All his companions agreed; besides, the
gift of laughter from one heart to another was more valuable
than a baskerful of gold.

Unfortunately, notall the students at the Library of Earch
agreed.

"We should not stand for this," grumbled Ushi the suijen,
toying with her pearl amulet. "That hanumen makes us look
like fools."

"Indeed, it is not proper and fitcing for her impudence to
exist in such an important place," agreed Guotin, her hou-chi
companion. "Do you have a plan to teach her a lesson, my
friend?"

Ushi smiled. "When the time is right, I will teach that
naughty monkey her proper place and give her something else
to think of besides her ridiculous tricks."
Guotin shuddered and wondered exactly what the suijen
had in mind. He had seen her take revenge on others, and the
results could be as devastating as a flood or as subtle as water
washing away a stone,

Now what Guotin did not know was that Ushi had a
handsome chu jung warrior in her service named Jinlong. This
dashing kamuii, too passionate in his study of martial arts to
pay much attention to other shen, had denied her favors. Ushi
was not at heart a cruel hsien, but she had heen angered and
hurt by Jinlong's polite but firm rejection. Out of spite, she
wanted to make the warrior look silly; in truth, Ushi did not
intend any lasting harm. Unforeunately, like many of het
kwannon-jin, she blithely ignored the rocks before diving
headfirst into dark waters.

Ushi retreated to her privace dwelling on the shores of
the Lake of Unknown Depths and set about a magical
ritual. She called on Yin, with its affinity to things cool and
feminine, to build connections from herself co Jinlong and
Ah Kum Lam. Then she called on Yang, with its bonds to
things active, hot and male, to breach the heart of the chu
jung warrior Jinlong. For some time, she prepared her
magic, until the rising of the Third Moon, Chi'n Ming, chat
which favored the element of wood. When a cold breeze

6 Land of Cighe CDitlion Dreams

blew and raindrops struck her face, Ushi tossed a mahogany
box into the bottomless depths of the lake, and watched as
it sank beneath the waves. Only then did she rest, content
that her I Chih, her righteous judgment, was a success
Ushi sent a message to Jinlong, asking him to retrieve a
scroll for her from the Library of Earth, and the warrior
went with haste.

Arrivingac the gates, he was readily greeted andadmitted
by a young kornuko librarian, Baulai

"My mistress bids me to bring the Scroll of Six Thousand
Excessive Storms," Jinlong explained.
favorite of the Lady Ushi

T remember chat i
sponded Baulai poli t shall soon be in
called out softly. "Ab Kum Lam! Come to me!" The hanumen
had been dancing along the garden walls, but she heard the
summons echo through the stones and skipped quickly to
Baulai's side. For the first time, Jinlong's dark flashing eyes
beheld the lovely young hanumen.

Souls can be tricky things, fickle and deceitful. Poor Ushi
only desired to stir the chu jung wartior's Wood Soul, to
stimulate his affection for che hanumen. Perhaps Jinlong
would then swear his service to the monkey for a season ot
possibly make some high decree of law in Ah Kum Lam's
‘name, so that even the chu-ih-yu might laugh at him, a proud
kamuii humbling himself so publicly before a hirayanu. But
when Ushi touched Jinlong's Wood Soul with her magic,
perhaps she was thinking of her own unrequited passion for
the chu jung warrior. When Ushi's Wu Tan magic awakened
the roots of the chu jung's heart, she set to boiling not only a
deep affection in Jinlong for the hanumen but also a great
outpouring of love and devotion. This was certainly not what
she had intended

Jinlong dropped to his knees and bowed before Ah Kum
Lam. "Lady hanumen," he cried, "having seen you this mo-
ment, my heart is yours! Say che word, and I will do your
bidding for I am greatly in love with you."

"What is this, fire lord?" Ah Kum Lam replied in a merry
rone. "A jest? Do let me in on your game! For I love good
‘humor, as Iam sure Baulai will attest."

Hor tears splashed down Jinlong's cheeks. "No jest, most
beloved lady whose eyesare like the gold of thesun! Lam yours
tocommand, well and truly, ifyou will but give me your heart,
now and always. Marry me, Ab Kum Lam, that we may stride
through the Ten Thousand Things together!"

Even the hanumen was speechless for the moment, but
then her eyes twinkled. "A fine idea, and what a handsome
warrior you are! What fun we shall have swinging through the
vines of this lif. Very well, I will marry you on the auspicious
day of the waning of the Second Moon, a good omen for earth
and fire alike."

Baulai had never seen anything so bizarre in all his young
life. He was tom; should he summon one of the elders or stay
and keep an eye on these strange events? Fortunately, Baulai
‘was wise beyond his years; he ran for his mistress Lady Siang,
the head librarian. By the time the two had returned, Jinlong

s

sat with Ah Kum Lam in his lap, eagerly running his hands
through her fur, so that she squirmed with pleasure.

"We are to marty in one week," Jinlong announced
proudly. "Ah Kum Lam will make all arrangements with
advice from the wise fu hsi, Chen Jun."

"But what of yourservice toLady Ushi?" asked Lady Siang
gently. "Will you not tell her? And what of announcements to
the other Shinma? You cannot do this with such haste!"

Jinlong's eyes blazed and his skin turned crimson. "With
all due respect, we will be wed on the waning of the Second
Moon, ina week. All shall be of the highes¢ propriety, Iassure
you!" Lady Siang nodded politely and said no more, but her
heart was troubled.

Amonghsien, noother kwannon-jin isso highly prized for
its advice and service to engaged couples as the fu hsi. Chen
Jun, in fact, was one of the most famous counselors of any age,
and i was from this wise old fu hsi that Ab Kum Lam and
Jinlongsought aid, He welcomed them to his humble abode in
the Swamp of Bending Trees and burned seasoned wood to
bless the occasion. Chen Jun watched smoke rise from the
small pyre then asked Jinlong to let him speak with the bride
alone.

You do not love Jinlong," he said, coming straight to the
point, "Furthermore, I see great sadness in both your futures.
Please show the wisdom of your ancestor, the Monkey King,
and have done with this farce, dear child. There are more
rivers of fate flowing in your lives than even I can see. Itis est
to take a clear path through this dark forest I envision before
you."

Ah Kum Lam stubbornly lifted her chin and shook her
furry head. "No, venerable one, the wedding shall take place.
The chu jung has chosen me, and it would be most rude should
I deny his favor." Chen Jun gave a heavy sigh, then gave Ah
Kum Lam his most powerful blessing

"May wood cause your passions to grow, to let fire bring
youwarmth, metal allow you tohear each other'shearts, water
carry yout faith, and finally, earth bind you for eternity." The
ancient fu hst then watched the chu jung and the hanumen
wind their way from his house, his heart heavy with concern
for theie future

The wedding was to take place at sunset on the great
balcony of the Library of Earth. All of the local magistrates
and governors were invited, and many Shinma were in
attendance, for Jinlong was famous warrior, and his bride,
despite her tricks, was greatly loved by many who fre-
quented the library. Mughee himself was to officiate, and as
was customary, the bride and groom were taken to a small
curtained room away from the guests while the ceremony
was performed. Jinlong was stunning in his red and gold
robes while Ah Kum Lam wore every piece of jewelry she
and her hanumen cousins could find. Hardly an inch of her
lithe body was not covered ina precious trinket. To Jinlong,
she was perfection itself. They sat without speaking, listen.
ing to the words of Mughee echoing from outside their
curtained chamber.

The ceremony was long and full of many stories and
tidbits of wisdom, for Mughee admired both the bride and
bridegroom; magnificent and thoughtful lesson from his lips
was the greatest gift he could offer. But as hanumen are wont
todo, Ah Kum Lam became bored with all the talk. She knew
better than to make noise or play tricks on the guests, but her
eyes wandered. And then she spied a trailing golden thread
from the hem of Jinlong's wedding robe, barely touching her
foot. Pethaps he had snagged it on a twig coming into the
library? Fascinared, Ah Kum Lam wiggled her toes and tugged
the thread. It moved easily, and so intent was he on listening.
to Mughce and meditating, Jinlong never noticed. Ah Kum.
Lam could nor resist, and soon a golden puddle of thread was
wrapped around her toes. With little difficulty, she whispered
to the golden thread, asking it to do her bidding on this
auspicious day of her wedding. By the time Mughee had
stopped speaking and came to summon the bride and groom,
her mischief was done.

Mughee pulled aside the curtain to reveal the happy
couple. He first presented the bride, almost gaudy in her
finery, But when Jinlong stood, his elegant gold and scarlet
robed crumpled to the ground, che threads weaving the fine
cloth together having been coerced by his bride into loosen-
ing their grip on one another. Underneath, he wore nothing,
and so the flesh of this honorable chu jung was made bare for
all to see.

The kamuii present stifled their gaspsand politely averted
their eyes, Even mostof the hirayanuwere wise enough to look
at the wartior's feet and bite back their mirth. But all the
hanumen and several nyan laughed and jeered, all in good
nature, of course, for the chu jung warrior was handsome
indeed. Jinlong felt only rage and deep humiliation; he was the
‘most gracious and seemly of warriors. His eyes beheld the
scarlet robe of his hanumen bride and his anger burned hot
and hateful. Shouting his fury, his body became flushed with.
rage, flames burning around his face and hands

Without warning, the flames leapt forth toward Ah Kum
Lam. Fiery claws bit into the hanumen's red silk wedding robe,
and the delicate strands became engulfed in the blaze, scorch
inghee fur and flesh in an instant. The tragedy wasalmost over
before it began; where once had stood a mischievous but
innocent younghirayanunow rested a pile of burned, smoking
bones. In one moment of rage, Jinlong had murdered his bride.

The wedding guests shrieked and screamed in horror.
Mughee sobbed in terrible grief, for che hanumen had been
like a daughter to him. Ushi, watching among the crowd,
shuddered in terror at what atrocity her wayward magic had
inflicted on the poor hanumen bride. Jinlong ell ro hisknees,
‘overcome with horror at what he had done in the grip of his,
anger and embarrassment. Where seconds before he felt only.
ablinding fury, he now felt shame and sorrow almost too great
tobear. Amidst the chaos, a tall and imposing chu-ih-yu with
longi hair stepped forth, and all bowed before her, forshe
was the famous Min-ho, known throughout the land for her
judgments on kamuii and hirayanu alike.

Ab Kum Lam: Golden Orchids


"You have killed a Shinma in your fury," she said evenly,
"and for this you must stand trial. Will you submit to my
judgment?"

Jinlong bowed his head. "Yes, great lady, though Tbeg a
favor. I slew one of the hanumen in my moment of madness,
and Lask tharone of Ak Kum Lam's peoplealsositin judgment
of me."

"That is wise," replied Min-ho, "So then shall Liko the
hanumen join Shen An of the komuko, Chun of the hou-chi
and myself in your trial."

Jinlong hoped for death from these four righteous judges;
he could think of no punishment more dreadful than living
the rest of his years without Ah Kum Lam, so great was the
pain of his heart. Of the four, Shen An the komukoand Chun
the hou-chi were reputed to be more merciful, inclined to
listen toall sides ofa story, whereas Min-ho the chu-ih-yu was
known for her imp Jinlong knew nothing of Liko the
hanummen. Lictle did he realize that Liko did not know what to
think in her heart; she found the entire love affair strange. But
the face she showed to the world was angry at the impetuous

On the day of the trial, the court was full; everyone
wanted to hear Jinlong's tale. He told how he had been so
overcome with embarrassment, that his temper had taken
cover his becter judgment.

"Andso, without thinking, I slew my beloved. No greater
kindness could you give me than death, for I dread living out
the rest of this life without her by my side," Jinlong finished.

Unlike the other judges who accepted Jinlong's story
without question, Liko was suspicious. Why had no one
thought to question this bizarre lave affair before? How was it
thaca high

king chu jung warrior met and fell in love with

the other judges muttered among themselves about
guilt of the chu jung, she spoke out. "You have said
ind became betrothed to Ah Kum Lam scarce three
sible. Can

the
weeks ago! I do not understand how his can be
‘you explain this unusual eur of fortune to me:

Jinlong's brow furrowed. "I never thought about it. My
passion for her seemed to come from nowhere. Yet it seemed
so natural, so pure, so righteous."

Liko looked out upon the throng assembled. "Does any-
‘one present have words to offer? Here standsa kamuii accused

ofa grievous crime, which most of us witnessed with our own
et why has no one questioned the impossibility of this
entire affair? Since when do chu jung warriors fling aside their

duties and love of propriety to meet and wed with

in less than a fortnight? Have you nothing to s0
sin the crowd, debating with her conscience over
ait. The kamuii had never intended such tragedy
dl. She knew that

by her actions, yer the worst had happen
word of her deed might come forth sooner or later and, thus,
the suijen came to a decision. Far better that she should
confess now and hope for clemency than be accused later of


both cowardice and treachery. The greater honor, perhaps,
was to be earned in the present. She stood up, stiff and proud

"Benevolent and wise judges, Imustadmittoapartin this
sad affair. For I was the one who caused Jinlong to fall in love
with Ah Kum Lam. Truly, all I aad wanted was a momentary
affection, for him co pay her attention for a short time and
appear a fool. But his passions were stronger than I had ever
realized. Lam sorry for what I have done and will make amends

wo kamuii

rt and their friends
st of their days,

| as you see fit."
| Chun and Liko both swallowed their anger with diffi
| culty, whi n and Min-ho hardly blinked their eyes.

Now things m
that Liko the ha
truth, Min-ho spoke softly to her fellow judges, hen made her

pronouncement. Too often,
Earth when «

nse, and what irony, thoughe the kamu,

men should see so much of the hidden ssi 4

"Death istoo easy and serves no purpose for either of you,"
she said coldly, "Ushi and Jinlongare truly repentant; of that,
wehave no doubt. But we would see some good come from this
terrible tragedy. Therefore, you hoth shall walk adifficule path
from now until you pass from this existence. First, you two
shall never mect again face to face. For Jinlong, this will deny
him a chance to invoke revenge against Ushi, and as for her,

lifetimes and kun sl

ere alter seve
rits who were Ah Kum Lam, Jinl

wether as friends within a hui t'u
distant August Personage of Jade that he still smiles on the
Middle Kingdom and his lost servants. Only the spirits
themselves know the truth of it.

Ah Kum Lam: Golden Orchids 9X



"al

1

Learning withour thought is labor lost; thought without learning i perilous,
— Confucius, The Confucian Analects

Have a care what you whisper in the night, for they are
forever there, listening and waiting, watching and wondering,
Some exist to serve mortals; others are silent

guardians of the elements. They are the hsien, messengers of
the spirit world, protectors of sacred places (or atk

how their history began). Now, the hsien are rapped in the
Middle Kingdom; no longer can they pass over into the realms
of spirit. Were they trapped by the treachery of the Kuei-jin?
Ate they here to fulfill an ancient debt? Not even the hsien
themselves know the absolute truth. For now, they seek en-
lightenment by progressing from lifetime to lifetime in a host
of human guises. Rarely do the hsien appear as their true selves
lest others discover them and destroy their souls forever.

Land of Eight Million Dreams is a book about the elusive
changelingsof the East, the hsien, ot Shinma (as these creatures
call themselves). They have lictle in common with the fae of
the Western world, for the Shinma are far more spirit than
dream. Here, Storytellers and players alike will find s host of
new friends and enemies, and many interesting elements of
Asien history and society.

The Shinma

‘The Shinuma, like the Kuei-jin and hengeyokai, are super-
natural beings of the East. While many names exist for all of
these creatures, most collectively refer to themselves as shen.

Chaprer One: Ineroduetion ul


Most hsien live in China. A few, however, like the tanuki, also
divcll in Japan. The hsien are changelings, but they aren'tborn.
of mortal dreams. They are living between Banality and
Glamour. Most Shinma are spiritual creatures of Yin, Yang or
balance on a quest for enlightenment. They inhabit human
bodies asa defense against other shen and as a means to gain
the elusive understanding of the Ten Thousand Things. Even
in their human guises, hsien possess formidable elemental
magic called Wu Tan. Additionally, all Asien have a wani
form, theirtrue fae appearance. Each kwannon jin (orkith) of
Shinma have special abilities when in their wani forms. While
transforming into this form grants wondrous powers, it offers
no shield of anonymity to the Asien; they are exposed for
anyone and everyone tosee. Many other shen find the hsien to
be fonts of Chi and eagerly hunt them down,

Other major differences hetween the Kithain and the
Shinma include:

Chi and Yugen: Rather than Glamour and Banality,
Shinma have Yin Chi, Yang Chi and Yugen (Chi that is
neither Yin nor Yang). In some ways, Chi and Yugen function
like Glamour and Banality, but the concept of such complete
‘opposites is foreign to the hsien. See Chapters Five and Six for
lengthier explanations.

‘Wu Tan: The magic of the Shinma is called Wu Tan. Ie
includes the I Chib, which have some similarities to Kithain
cantrips. Chapter Five details Wu Tan and the Tao Te Hsien,
a more complex type of magic that is learned by those hsien
seeking a means to return to the spirit realms.

Hotei, Wani and Animal Forms: All Shinma have a
hotei form, their human form. Only rarely can individuals
recognize the hsien while she's human, though hsien recognize
each other an sight. Hsien can use Wu Tan in human form
with increased difficulty. AllShinmahave a wani form, which
is their truly magical form. As wani, they are blatantly differ-
ent and mystical for all the world to see; some are beautiful;
some are terrifying. In addition to these two forms, hirayanu
can take the shape of a designated animal much like the
pooka. As with the pooka, this orm isofa normal animal with
no special fangs or claws other than what that animal nor-
mally possesses,

‘Trapped: Hsien cannotcrossinto thespirit worldson their
own accord. Sometimes, other beings take Shinma across the
harriers using certain types of magic (such as a mage's True
Magick). Immediately, the Shinma begins to wither and fade,
and if he doesn't escape, he will be utterly destroyed in a short
time. Why this happens is a matter of much debate among the
Asien.

Ties with Mortals and Nature: The Shinma have existed
since the dawn of time. When they were the free and beloved
servitors of the spirit realms, many helped create the Middle
Kingdom itself, including the humans, animalsand nature. For
this reason, they are inexorably tied to mortals and the ele-
ments. Such bonds have strengthened over the years, with the
human's knowledge of the Tao, and weakened with the ad-

vance of technology.

Changeling: The Dreaming

Dragon's Nests and Dragon Lines: The Shinma don't
have balefires and trods; instead, they have dragon nests and
dragon lines, which are sources of either Yin Chi or Yang Chi.

Kamuii

‘The kamuii are the elemental nobles of the Shira; each
hasastrong connection with one of the five Chinese elements:
Kamuii kwannon-jin include the chu-ih-yo (metal), the chu
jung (fire), the hou-chi (wood), the komuko (earth) and che
suijen (water). Kamuii use their formidable powers to safe-
guard nature and protect mystic plac cir clement.
They also act as protectors and arbiters among the hsien.
kamuii have little direct involvement in human affairs, a
distince disadvantage in a world teeming with mortals.

fost

Hirayanu

‘The hirayanu are the commoners of the Shinma, though,
they have little understanding of chat term as itis used in the
Wesr, since no similar feudal system exists in the East. The
hirayanu undertake dangerous and daring quests, give aid to
fhumans, and act as spies and messengers for the kamuii. They
have much more interaction with mortals and are useful allies
The hirayanu can also take the forms of certain animals;
hhirayanu kwannon-jin include fu hsi (serpents), hanumen
(monkeys), heng po (fish), nyan (cats) and tanuki (hadgers).
Others exist, but these are by far the most common.

How co Use This Book

Each portion of Land of Eight Million Dreams describes,
particular piece necessary to run a chronicle with hsien player
characters. A wise Storyteller will invest time in becoming
familiar with the many new kwannon-jin, Wu Tan rules and
Shinma societies, pethaps creating some sample characters,
since the system is significantly different from Changeling:
‘The Dreaming.

‘Chapter Onediscussesthe complex history of the Shinma.
It also offers specifics about the provinces, government and
societies of the Asien. This information provides a rich and
exciting hackdrop for the Storyteller and players to stage their
chronicle.

Chapter Two explores the rich settingof China, Comple-
mentary to Chapter One, this material describes the Land of
Eight Million Dreams, including geography and people.

Chapter Three detailsthe individual Shinma, both kamuii
and hirayanu. Each kwannon-jin has its own story to tell,
including goals, beliefs and shortcomings.

Chapter Four explains character creation. Here, players
and the Storyteller will discover tools to build hirayanu and
kamuii from scratch.

Chapter Five illustrates the hsien's Wu Tan magic. This
powerful elemental alchemy makes the Shinma excellent
companions — or intimidating foes.

Chapter Six reviews the various system elements neces-
sary to run the game. Here, the Storyteller will find informa-
tion on other shen, spirits and on how to use experience points


Finally, Chapter Seven offers suggestions for putting
together a hsien chronicle, including plotting tips, story seeds
and hints on using shen as enemies and allies.

Theme

The ancient heritage of the Shinma isto assist the August
Personage and his servants in all chings, and to protect mortals
and nature. The hirayanu traditionally served the kamuii, the
lords of the spirit world, and tended to the needs of worthy
humans; they were messengers and questing emissaries. The
kamuii protected sacred places of the clements and also acted
asjudgesand arbiters forall Asien. Even though the Shinma are
crapped in the Middle Kingdom, theie goals haven't changed,
‘Some Shinma believe thae their presence here is a test of their
mission coserve the August Personage arxt protect morcalsand
nature, and that only when they prove their ability to fulfill
their destinies will they once more be welcomed in the spirit
world, Others believe chat discovery of balance or completion
of quests for self-understanding are the keys to ending their
Earthly exile.

Good Books

First of all, if you don't already own a copy of
Kindred of the East, go immediately and get one. This
tome of wisdom hus many suggestions for running a
game set in the East. Check our pages 16-17, in
particular, for movies and books to provide inspira-
tion,

Additionally, you may find the following books
helpful for getting the theme and rood of a Asien
chronicle just right:

Anything by Amy Tan, including The Kitchen
God's Wife, The Hundred Secret Senses and The Joy Luck
Club. (The movie is also excellent.) Tan's stories are
full of references by mortals to hsien-like beings.

Five Thousand Years of Chinese Costume by Zhou
Xun andGaoChunming. Thisbeautiful book will give
you lots of ideasabout Chinese dress and ornament. It
has excellent drawings and photographs.

"The Stone Lion" and Other Chinese Detective Sto
sdom of Lord Bau by Yin-lien C. Chin,
nter and Mildred Ross. Set in the Sung
me of the mysteries in these tales make
(great story se

Monkey: A Journey to the West retold by David
Khecdian. Many versions of the monkey's story exist;
this isan excellenc edition.

AHistoryof Chinese Civilizationby Jacques Gemet.
While definitely written for the serious scholar, this
bookisanice blendof Chinese history and philosophy

Bridge of Birds by Barry Huchart. A wonderful tale
of a China that never was, but should have been.

Dood

The Shinma are perplexing and enigmatic, Some have
minimal concer for the rest of the world and are content to
‘guard theirsacred lands and dealas little with the outside world
as possible, Others are extremely social with other shen and
mortals. Hsien rarely act like anyone expects, Whensetting the
mood for interactions with hsien, the Storyteller should culti-
vate an airof mystery and whimsy. Most Shinma are essentially
beneficent creatures, but rarely do they ever let their true
intentions show to others

Lexicon
Most of the Shinma's cerms are Chine:
knowledge through mod

the spread of
tion, some crossover has occurred with words. The
originally a Japanese kwannon-jin, have long migrated
alongcertain influences from their hon

August Personage of Jade — The ruler of Heaven, who
is apparently silent and inactive.

‘Charms — Magical powers possessed by spirits

Chi — The positive and negative energies that flow
through the Ten Thousand Things. Similar to Glamour and
Banality

Chita Ta

Chu-ih-yo — Kamuii kwannon-jin attuned 0 metal

Chu Jung — Kamuii kwannon-jin attuned to fire

Courts — The political, religious and social groups of
hsien society.

Di Fu — Ministry of Earth.

Di Shen — Barth elesnental

Di Tan — "Earth alcherny."

Dragon Line — A trodsa lineof Chienergy thatconnects
the Middle Kingdom with the spirit worlds, and that links
dragon nests.

Dragon Nest
node or caer a mystic site with ties to the spirit worlds.

Dai Dzat — "Folded paper" sucrifices used to appease
ancestors; hsien use these for working I Chih.

Elements — Water (shui), earth (di), metal (tieh), wood
(lin) and fire (hou). Each is traditionally associated with a
coloryseason, direction and aspect of Yin or

Fang Shih — Practitioners of feng shui.

Feng —Phoenixes, powerful entities who impart dictates
of the August Personage of Jade

Feng Shui — Often labeled geomancy, it is concerned

~ Mages.

The Eastern equivalent to a buleite,

with the flow of Chi in and around human dwellings.
Fortunes — Certain factors that influence hsien magic,

Wu Tan. Each kwannon-jin hi

fire, wood, water or metal).
Fu — "Ministry." Another word for the Li Shen.

Fu Hsi

an elemental Fortune (earth,

Hirayanu snake kwannon-in.


Guan — A bureaucrat, one of low rank in the Li Shen. A.
guan may have influence over a small town,

‘Haap — Equal co rank of knight of baronet, one of lowest
titled rank in che Yui. A haap often has power over a small group

Hanumen — Hirayanu monkey kwannon-jin.

Heng Po — Hirayanu fish kwannon-jin.

Hengeyokai — Shapeshifters, the Changing Breeds.
Hirayanu — The animalistic "commonets" of the hsien.
Hotei — The human form of a Shinma,

Hou-cl amuii kwannon-jin attuned to wood.

Hou Fu — Ministry of fire.

Hou Shen — Fire elemental.

Hou Tan — "Fire alchemy."

Hsien — The Eastern changelings. Spirits dwelling in
human shells

Hsien-jin —The name Shinma give themselves when
they enter an adult body during kun shou.

Hsien-tsu — The name Shinma give themselves when
they enter a child's hody during kun shou.

HuiT'ung—A "social unity group," orin Western terms,
a motley of hsien.

Hwang Sheh — Courts, the political arenasoftheShinma.
1 Chih — "Righteous Judgments," similar to Kithain
cantrips

Jade — When attuned, jade becomes a living substance
capable of holding Yin Chi and Yang Chi. Different colors of
jade have various properties.

Jimu-Tenno — Spirits who go between the Celestial
Courts and the Middle Kingdoms.
Kamuii — The elemental "nobles" of the Asien.
Komoku — Kamuii kwannon-jin attuned to earth.
Kuan — Equivalent to the rank of count. A position of
moderate importance in the Yui. They have influence over
cities, districts or counties.

Kuei-jin— An Asian vampire.

Kung — Equivalent to the rank of duke, a high office in
the Ya. Kung have influence over prefectures, large cities or
minor provinces.

Kun Shou — The process by which a hsien acquires
human body.

Kwannon-jin — The various kith of the Shinma, such as,
hanumen or chu-jung.

Lin Fu — Ministry of Wood.

Lin Shen — Wood elemental.

Lin Tan — "Wood alchemy."

Li Shen — The "Ceremony Gods." Traditionalists in
Shinma society.

Mandarin — One of the Ten Yd, a king among Shinma.
Amandatin controlsamajor province of the Middle Kingdom.
Mask of Shintai — Mask of the God-body; Shinma use
this power to appear quite terrifying

Changeling The Dreaming

COT

- =

Middle Kingdom
‘used to describe all Earth.

Mikado — Powerful spirits of the Celestial Courts

Mirror Lands — The spiritual reflection of the Middle
Kingdom; the fist spirit world usually encountered.

Mu Courts — Shinma who live outside hsien society;
these include the Daitya who want co break the walls between
the Spirit Lands and the Middle Kingdom, and the Kura Sau,
allies of the Yama Kings.

Mu-jen — Tung wood "voodoo dolls." Hsien can use each
doll one time only when working I Chih.

Naam — Equal to rank of baron; a naam has influence
over a town,

Nei Tan — "Internal alchemy," Taoist magic of the sien,
Nyan — Hirayanu eat kwannon-jin.

Pakua — A Chinese luck symbol; the ability of hsien to,
avoid notice of other shen of nosy mortals

Rank — In ancient times, rank was the sole measure of a
Asien's social standing, and it still has some sway in the various
Hwang Sheh. Rank, like maximum Yugen, is the sum of a
character's Yin and Yang scores

Realm — A packet reality within one of the "worlds."

Shen —Term encompassing all supernatural and Awak-
ened creatures.

Shinma— The proper name for the hsien; Eastern term for
Kithain.

Shui Fu — Ministry of Water.

Shui Shen — Water elemental

Shui Tan — "Water alchemy.

Shu Shen —The "Profane Gods,
society.

Slumber — A trance-like state that many spirits fall into
in the spirit worlds. Itresembles hibernation rather than sleep.

Suijen — Kamuii kwannon-jin attuned to water,

Tanuki — Hirayanu badger kwannon-jin.

Tao Te Hsien — The wisdom ofa priest named Hou Ti
as relayed to Hanumen, then written down by T'u, komoku
‘guardian of the Library of Earth. The Tao Te Hsien is both
philosophy and magic,ameansby which some Shinma believe
they may return to the spitit worlds.

The Ten Thousand Things — All the people, placesand
things in Heaven and Earth; the Tellurian.

Tich Fu — Ministry of metals.

‘Tieh Shen — Metal elemental.

Tieh Tan — "Metal alchemy."

‘Tu-di — Patron, the lowest rank in the Li Shen,

TuShen—The "Godsof Harmor icsseckingthe
Age of Joy.

Waigoren — Chinese term for foreigners, Westerners,
outsiders

Asia and its environs; sometimes

" the dissolute in Shinma

‘Wall — The burrier separating the sprit worlds from che
Middle Kingdom.

¢ hsien's true form, often awesome and ter~
also the rare Dragons who serve the August

Ten Thousand Immortals; guardians who

became Kuei-jin.
Wong — Equal to rank of king,

Wu Hsien
Shinma society
WuTan—Thealchemicalandelemental magic ofthehsien.

The "Family of Hsien," the majority of

Xian Hsien — "Immortal hsien." Hsien who have mas-
tered the Tao Te Hsien,

Xian Mo — The "Immortal Spirits," contemplative mys-
tics of Shinma society

Xian Mun — The "Immortal Society," Shinma who are
closer to their human lives and interests.

Xuicai — Professor, a medium rank in the Li Shen. A
xuicai has influence district or county.

Xunfu — Magis sition in the Li Shen. A
xunfu has influence over a prefecture, huge city or minor
province.

‘Yama Kings — Powerful demons.

Yang — That which is light, active, hot, dry, beneficent, VS
positive, offensive or male

Yang Worlds — The home realm of the hsien; it includes
the Heavens and the Elemental realms.

Yellow Lotus — A powerful secret society among the
Shinma, =

Yin —Thatwhich isdark, passive, cold, moist,malignant, UBXY
negative, defensive or female.

‘Yin Worlds — The home of the dead; the "lower" worlds.
Even in ancient times, few hsien journeyed her

Yomi Worlds — These realms are the hel
than the Yin Worlds. These are the homes of th:

Yi — The "Great Ten," the ambitious warlords of the
Shinma pattemed after prehistoric kings.

‘Yugen — Undifferentiated Chis may be either Yin ot (£
Yang.

Zongdu
cry. Zongdu have influence over major provinces or govern

A governor or viceroy, the leader of a minis

states.



|

1650 IRN 220 A OS BET 0 MO MB Ss HRB DO

‘The Dragon Kings are our rulers

We go where they command

We follow their orders and in turn

They grant us immortality.

We are the children of the gods

We are the servants ofthe faithful

We are the Guardians of the Wheel of Fate

We are the past brought forth to save the future
We walk where few dare go freely

We suanmon the Elements to do our bidding

We carry the burden left us by the failed Wan Xian
We Work toward preserving all chat is stil right with the world.
We are the hsien

We are the servants of the Mikado

We are the followers of Dragons

The Protectors of the Middle Kingdom

‘We are both cursed and blessed

Do not forget your past

Do not surrender your future

We will be free when the time is come

— From the Dictates of Hanuman to the rest of the Monkey Kings


Ina time more ancient than even most of the immortals
‘memories, the Middle Kingdom was one with the Yin World, the
Yang World and even the Yori World. That time is past and the
Asien carry the burdens caused by its passing

Ina time when most of the world has forgotten itself, there
is one place where people still accept and believe with every fiber
of their being in the gods that once walked among mortals. That
place is the Middle Kingdom, known by most as Asia, or sather,
it is parts of Asia where the past beliefs and the modern world
have managed a certain harmony of coexistence.

The Middle Kingdom comprises all of China, Tibet, both
Koreas, Japan and a dozen neighboring countries. In these
locations, there are traditions running back over the millennia,
altered but not forgotten. There is history and a sense of stability
that simply does not exist elsewhere in the world. The govern-
ments of these places come and go, changing as quickly as the
seasons, rising and falling in bloodshed and raging as they do
elsewhere, but the people who dwell in these places — in the
Middle Kingdom — continue on as they always have, refusing 10
forget where they came from, regardless of official mandates and
laws

‘The Middle Kingdom isa place separated from the rest of the
World of Darkness not only by location, but by belief and
acceptance. While most of the world lives in willful ignorance of
the darker truths (the existence of vampires and werewolves, the
hidden societies of mages, and societies of the Dead that have
groun throughout the world), the Middle Kingdom and the
people who live there srill acknowledge and accept that there are
forces beyond the understanding of humanity

The Middle Kingdom sull holds wonders and horrors that
were long abandoned elsewhere. Gods still answer prayers;
demons still haunt and torment the unwary. The Dead are
accepted for what they are, and many grant them places of honor
within cheir homes. The werewolves and others of the hengeyoka
— the Changing Breeds — are known and given the vespect they
deserve, except by the most foolish of individuals. The vampires,
the Cathayans, still feed on mortals and rule in shadow courts
where only the bravest dare confront them. Demon hunters still
seek to stop the evils of the shen.

And the hsien still follow the Mandates of Heaven, serving
as protectors of the Middle Kingdom's most sacred places and
doing all chey can to ensure that humans always believe in the
truths hidden from the rest of the world.

The Hsien

The hsien are very different from their Wester counter
parts. They don't need dreamstoexist. The wrong frame of mind
does not separate them from their ability to exist, and they are
not bom of human stock. For the most part, they can't travel to
the Dreaming, though they know it exists. They seldom gather
in anything resembling a freehold, and they are even less likely
tocare what their "lords" think than even the most rebellious of
the Unseelie.

The hsien are real. They are a part of the Middle Kingdom
as surely as the rains from the ocean are carried by the wind.

‘They are the servants of the Dragons, the last solid link
between the Middle Kingdom and the other worlds beyond the
dragon's nests.

The hsien are gods, albeit minor ones, and they are capable
of more than the Westem fae could ever hope (o achieve. They
are immortal, and they have the power to carry out the Man-
datesof the August Personage of Jade, a task that their predeces-
sors failed to achieve.

The Cycles of the
Diddle Kingdom

The Great Cycle of Being, also simply called the Wheel of
Fate, is a concept shated by all of the shen in one form or
another. It is a guideline of

the Middle Kingdom now

nue to exist. It is
ofthe shen, who

will cor

eon the Great Cycle they now

an —the 10,000 Immortals, were the first to
follow a belief in the Great Cycle of Being. They were also
the first guardians of the world chosen by the August Person-
age of Jade: they were considered tight in their assumptions.

ements came later, after the Age of Beautiful Sad-

The Age oF PerFeccion

Inthisage, even the Hea
yet: The universe was in a st
never been achieved again,
The hsien know and understand that theie goal istoachieve
the same level of perfection as the August Personage of Jade.
They also understand that they aren't very likely to manage this,
feat anytime soon, though a few have succeeded over the

ind Hells were not separated
of spiritual perfection that has

Ii this lack of perfection in most beings that has brought
about the current dilemanas facing the shen, but the Asien, like
most of the supernatural beings in the Middle Kingdom, accept
only their individual portion ofthe blame. Each must find his ot
herown way back to the enlightened ways of the Age of Heaven.

The Age of Beaucy

‘The Age of Beauty, also called the Second Age, was the
true start of the Great Cycle. The August Personage of Jade,
already having achieved Perfection, decided the time had
come to create other worlds and other forms of life. His

ention was to rule over these worlds in a beneficial way,
and for a great span of time he succeeded. The August
Personage of Jade created many worlds, some he chose to
leave to their own devices and others he chose to tend very
carefully. His greatest division of power was the separation
of Male and Female. The Dragons, the male aspects of the
universal equation, and the Phoenixes, the female aspects,
each cook control over one half of the universe as a whole.


29 01 uwoulr sean aT se sean asz9arUN
[He 20} ‘spuaiay jo ay aup payje> s} aun ayy -sueld
sing Isndiny axp 01 Surpsoo938 UDA |]e ‘ou B10

Aaquewny 4q asnge wou,
squowa}g aaty ayp 1pavoid 03 axam oY ‘uassy atp O1 uaN aie
Suyuyerurew yo ysea ayp ‘9sunoo atues ayp BuoTY "wuaUUAYAUD
enatnds 01 dem ayp Buope wanpaig 12559] s12up pre or "aruewny,
Jo [JB 2940 yprem on sem Ainp paxdes 2y | -ape{ jo aBeuosiag
asnBny axp Aq uasoyp speuountuy QQg'OT atp "UeIX Ue Ay 2p 01
119) 29u987]1p 210m yonun painbas weyp auo "sea 1owaa
amsean ese
pieoy pue zomod sa1 aye) 02 BuTpaas ‘apef Jo s10]09 |] 29409
oye uays aip Suowre Aueu axe a9y2 10y ‘yJasuiTy Jo yoru
001 94v8 94 wre}> awog "aun 192e] E10} 14; sasoNs ey apet
[npamod ayp Sunear9 ‘yyasurpy Jo 2488 aFeuOsod asnBiny 42
4q] at09 02 dopey aq PJNoA YD ways souTT aq shee pJNOm
yp ep SurMOUy ‘asIDAUN dy Jo aD105 ay] [EIUDMIATD ay
uo paay 01 way Jo 18 paMojfe ay WuaWeInbas sp UF
ple 01 pur *pooy Jo poau anoysia aar] 02 pamoyye aq swears
‘upsoyp sty eq parapio apef so afeuosiag asniiny ay],
"hep stp 09 aaa wopsury
S]PPIN 9p auNeY aU suOMap ap pue stoxsuoU! oYp oUTEDIq,
Aoyj ‘soweu mou uaa!S axam Ay pue ‘2q 02 pasoddns arzm
4ayp eyes Jo sa}19y>0uI parz9azod aumo9q Aoqp ‘ou Jo 9N09
ip 2940 "UaARa}] Jo satepURPY ax KOO} 01 oY IyEMED pur
pouren Apradosd aq pjno> Kays a1oyaq Aeme paddhs suoneas9
sape[ Jo aBeuosiag asnfiny ayp jo aug rapid so8u0]
9 9 up asiaajun ay ay]
-un900 p[Rom saxjeastu a} & Up a qenAdUT Sea I axIUBO|G
ayp pue suofeic] ayp aiojq paseld syser ayp ype Jog
srodead Bunomsue jo 3st ay uaadd axas uassy ay] hep
siyp 01 anurquoo day aeys auo ‘Aanp puosas e pey A2y | s[eIDIYO
sourur 4jduts 2q 03 1ueau azo 4axp ‘uoReaND slatp Jo awn arp
{yootieuosia, asndiny aup 01 Apz3au1p pazoatsure "waa UT
1ua0\d 242 pue suoseIC] ayp 02 KpoaHip pauamsue om
38918 aup "BUT aup 01 f>eq MOdoa pure WOHeaND joIs2
up 940 ypreA o7 Afdws a19m sornp arotp ‘StaHuossaur pure S10
arosqo'se patear> aia. uassy ay "Aaneag jo aBy ayp Suing]
a1quateayes
spawey porax sem Rurypiars ‘uonsapiod aaatyse 02
yey e Buntp pornaxo Aaaao aa18 02 zapso ut weyp aaayjaq AO |
ayo aAaHaq, UAISY BY, "Pavers ay Ya pus or suejd
Josiog IsnsinYy dtp Jo ued e "porrers pua axp yo Suruur9q,
‘kp wre] autos "uoIs!o9p step Uy "P}oM jeatssyd aqp wroY pjiom
Jenyurds ayp jo uonresedas aya wt payynsay a210y> as1y stp
uex sump je Jo a8zey> ut suoseag]
‘aq pue urX sBurp yye aBrey> ut saxiua0yg ayp yar "yg
aqp Jo ureuiop 24 auresaq wopSury ayppryy ay. "Aarpiqessod
B sem AUOMUEY [esIaAfUN IeY2 BNsUa 02 B—si2K0 PInom
nog ay? ser urEWD> puk y>ea 02 syser oreredas Sur
eoq aBeuosiag isnSiny ay ‘22e[d ayer pey uoIstatp sty
ep siup 02 uae sisixe We AUOMZeY JeMIeU e Tyo
Jo 9A0] [RBMOd & YPIA poreaxD a1aya "uTINy 191295
ayp payed ‘soxtusoyg ayp Jo wsareaa' ay pue ‘uerX ues
yp Aq uoBeagy uogg ayp pajje> ‘suosesq ayp Jo 1s91ea33 a4] ]

‘8reyp oars alas

LR

2}

an


Answering Prayers
How then will we answer the prayers of those who ask for the
Heavens intervention?

ture of the request and the nature ofthe

i Ling, who in
‘The Dragons then decided how
laced the question
say in the matter.

dually raken to answering prayers more
1m above.

of Answicring Peaycrs
‘not commands, nor are they always wishes. They
ention in otherwise mundane

lly. The political climate in China is urveted and

resent time. Tibe suffers asa result the population's

scekstorule over the Tibetan people, often resulting to

theirmeans Natural disstes those createdby

case eee moetalseegulay from

thenaging eunsmis ecoastsof the Middle Kings tothe

ceanhquakes that level ‘There are prayesreganding all ofthese

¢hings, and the sin must respond to thare prayers for chat stheirsacred
duty and theese peiceity since the time of thei creation.

| Most importantly, while the Asien must answer all prayers,

those from huma from animalsand plantsas well, the

re not always favorable, Sometimes, despite

ght have, the hsien must

intervention in cases of great impor
sien continue their work as messengers for the greater
ough the method of delivering the messages
continue change as the barrier between the


5 The Age of Legends

The Age of Legends was a time of perfection, at first. This,
cra, also called the Thied Age, was meant to last forever,
according to some and, perhaps, it would have if not for the

A) demons and monsters

The Yama Kings

‘The demons created their own ways and their own societ-

ies, hidden from the August Personage of Jade and distorted by
the perverse beliefs of its minions.

The demons chose great leaders from among themselves,

\s of vast power and influence. Most call them the Yama

The Yama Kings were so powerful and so influential, that
they managed to convince the Great Dragon, Kung Kung, that
A ) it was the August Personage's will that che Middle Kingdom be
destroyed. Never one to question the August Personage's de-
sires, Kung Kung knocked down the Pillars of Heaven and
brought a great flood upon the world. Fortunately, the hsien
leamed of his folly before it was too late, and managed to stop
the flood from extinguishing all life. Kung Kung was so shamed
by his foolishness chat he left Heaven and took up residence in
the Kun Lun Mountains, where he hoped to never cause trouble
A) again.

‘The Yama Kings loathed all thatwasin balance and all chat
sought perfection. They chose instead to follow their own
‘whims, taking what they could by force and destroying whatever

A) offended them.

‘The Wan Xian, the protectors of humanity, were given the
task of fighting these vile creatures, During the Age of Legends,
they accomplished their tasks with honor and the nobility chey
‘were created to help others achieve. They led with wisdom and

4) compassion.

Jade, just like Chi, was everywhere, but sometimes the
battles took more from them than could easily be replenished.
They were forced to steal Chi, the very life force, from their
enemiesin certaincircumstances, merely tosurvivea battle, and
to win at any cost. Indoingso, they stole what had been granted
by the August Personage.

Pethaps the Chi they stole from the demons caused the first
problems, Perhaps the Yama Kings were responsible for what
happened as the Age of Legends ended, or pethaps the Wan
Xian simply grew too full oftheir importance and fell from their
assigned tasks, Whatever the case, the Wan Xian became
corrupted, they started falling from the Mandates of Heaven,
claiming that they were not mere servants, but the rulers of

Heaven itself. They turned their backs on the August Person- i
age, all che while gathering as much jade as they could in an ft : Gp
effort to keep themselves powerful. Worse stil, they began iy

ooking upon their charges not asa duty, butasasource of power S >
and food. OS Y my)
A) Then che Wan Xian did the unthinkable; they began > Nia,
feeding on the life forces of those they were meant to guide. This ae, LA}
—_ &
rT

was a gradual process. The Wan Xian changed slowly, becoming

Land of Gighe CDiltion Dreams


G

1G
Lo

‘more arrogant, and bolder in their actions. In time, they held
‘over most of the Middle Kingdom, setting themselves up.
‘as gods, claiming domain over entire regions and forcing their
will on the mortals who looked to them for protection. If a
woman struck the fancy of a Wan Xian, she was forced to join
with him. Ifa piece of land looked particularly appealing, the
n Xian took it by force and claimed it as his own. Many even
rifices he made to them in order to avoid their

Ironically, at the very same time, the Wan Xian created
some of their greatest works, writing down the secrets of the
Heavens and the Hells and devising new methods of exploiting
those secrets for their own benefit. The Dragons and the
Phoenixesalike were appalled, but chere was nothing tobedone
about the situation, for the Wan Xian managed their greatest
blasphemy before the August Personage of Jade could order
chem punished. They allied themselves with the Yama Kings.

The Age of Beauciful Sadness

‘The Axe Beautiful Sadness, also called che Fourth Age,
began in corruption and bloodshed. The Wan Xian, the very
creatures chosen to guide humanity and charged with protect-
ing the world from the monsters and demons, gathered great
armies together and began a crusade to rule over all of the
Middle Kingdom, even those areas under the protection of the
sien.

‘The manipulations of the Wan Xian, taught so well by the
‘Yama Kings, were grand and sweeping. Their power was 0 great
that they even managed to force the Asien into battle with one
another. Many of the hsien felt the time had come to step in and
take the place of the Wan Xian, working to protect the humans
as well as the animals that were their charges. Others felt chat
the humans were doomed, and that aiding them in any way
would simply work to doom everything. The battles that raged
under he Wan Xian'srule were mirrored in the Heavens, where
the Asien fought amongst themselves for control over what
should be done.

During this time, the Middle Kingdom fell into chaos, and
the Yama Kings almost managed to seize contol over every-
thing, In certain areas, the mortals refused to bow to the Wan.
Xian, fighting back and often getting help from the hsien.
Enraged by this action, the Wan Xian turned to their new allies
among the Yama Kings and made a pact that would later seal
their fate. In exchange for the Yama Kings' help in destroying
their enemies, the Wan Xian vowed to abandon the Mandates
of Heaven completely, never again to cause harm in the name
of che August Personage of Jade

‘The Yama Kings agreed, and used their great powers to
«reatenine new sunsin the heavens. The heat from the suns was
incredible, enough to cause villages to burn and to wither crops
across much of the land. Rivers dried up and portions of the
‘oceans boiled. The Asien did all they could co diminish the
damage, summoning storms of cataclysmic proportions and.
bringing clouds co hide che cerrible light of the 10 suns. But
everything they tried wasuseless; the clouds evaporated, leaving

the land to burn and the rain from the storms only eased the
burden slightly before the waters they brought with them
disappeared.

Inthe end, it was one mortal, Yi the Excellent Archer, and
‘one Dragon, the Great Kung Kung, who ended the war and
destroyed all bur the original Sunn the Heavens. The Excellent
Archer shot down the nine false suns and Kung Kung sum-
moned a Dragon Storm to cool the blistered Earth. Then the
true battle began and the Wan Xian felt the wrath of the mortals
and the other shen alike.

Yiand his Celestial Army aided che rising Chou Dynasty in
‘eating the first true empire in China. The cost to Yi was high
and not long after the war ended, so too did the life of the
Excellent Archer. For him, at least, the battle was over. There
arestilladedicated few who followhisdoctrines, evennow,over
3,000 years later.

For the Wan Xian and the hsien, the time of punishment
finally came. Kung Kung spoke to the other Dragons, and they,
in turn, gathered together to make a plea for aid from cheir
creator. The August Personage of Jade listened to their requests
and responded. He turned from his studies ofthe Heavens and
made corrections to the problems at hand. For the Wan Xian,
the punishmenc for abandoning their Heavenly duties was the
loss ofall theie false power. They were cast from their thrones
and scattered across the Five Directions. The August Personage
took from his failed servants the ability to feed on any Chi but
that which chey stole from others a fitting punishment fortheie
endless greed. What was once given freely was now only theirs
if they took it by force. He also reinforced the punishing curses
of Yi, and stole from them the ability to walk freely in the light
of the Sun they had so misused. Lastly, he took from the Wan
Xian the ability to breathe, making their godlike bodies deathly
pale, and far weaker than they had been. Their great dreams of
empirical rule were shattered and for many years the remaining.
‘Wan Xian hid in the shadows, alraid to be seen by anyone who
would remember what they had once been.

The hsien were made ro suffer as well, both those who
refused to aid the humans and those who decided on their own
totake the place of the Wan Xian. The great animal spirits who
had once been in charge of the forests and oceans were allowed
to keep their charges, but as a lesson of humility, they were
forced intomortal bodies. Theybecame hengeyokai, the Chang-
ing Breeds. Where once they could choose to imitate humans,
now they were forced to live among mortals partof the human
race, butalways separated by their differences. While they could
still visit che Heavens, they were forced to endure in the Middle
Kingdom as well, captured in forms of flesh and bone.

The other sien, those who dared wage war in the Heavens
and try tousurp the power of the Wan Xian were cast down from,
the Celestial Palace and forced to live in the Middle Kingdom.
‘As further punishment, they were made to continue in theie
previous tasks and given the duties of the Wan Xian as well
‘They were granted immortality of a sort. For as long as they
could protect theie forms, they could continue on. Iftheir forms
were destroyed, only then could they again visit the Heavens,

‘Chapzer One: The Duties of Gods

where the Dragons would judge them. If they were found
wanting, they would again be cast down from the Celestial
Palace and forced to live in the Middle Kingdom, in a new body
and in a new place.

And so it came to pass that the Asien and the Wan Xian
became bitter enemies. The Asien, the very beings who once
walked the Middle Kingdom as minor gods, above and apart
form their charges, were placed among the very peoplethey were
charged to protect, and lost the rights to move freely between
Earth and the Heavens.

The punishments were just, but harsh, and prevented the
Asien from ever falling to the same degree as the Wan Xian.
Given only short spans of time in the Middle Kingdom — the
only exceptions being those who kept their place and performed
their duties properly — they could never grow as arrogant ot

foolish as theie predecessors. Between their cycles on the Earth,
thehsien would be judged in the Heavens and placed again in the
Middle Kingdom in positions that best suited their drive for
spiritual perfection.

The Age of Beautiful Sadness markeda great change forthe
Asien, one from which they realized they might never recover.
Despite being trapped in solid, physical forms, they were still
spirits of Yin or Yang. In many ways, they were almost powerless
in comparison to what they had once been.

Still, some things remained the same, especially the hierar-
chy of order they followed. The Earth-bound Asien still listened
to the Dragons and obeyed. Theystill worked as the messengers
of the gods, and they continued to answer prayers. Even within
their own ranks there was a certain hierarchy. The kamuli, the
greatelementals, sill worked to oversce their domains, and the
hirayanu, the animal spirits, still keptreign over nature's charges
—at least in theory. The war and the Celestial Punishments
placed on the Asien had certain side effects chat were almost
inevitable. The original power to command the hirayanu was
gone, though both groups understood that the chain of com-
mand as they'd always followed still made the most sense.

In short, che kammuii had to ask nicely if they wanted the
hirayanuto obey them. For theirpart, the hirayanustil listened,
bucthey made certain demands. The demands varied depending
con the assignment the kamuii wished to send the hirayanu on,
‘but mostly the demands were for more Chi, without which, the
bodies of the hsien began to unravel.

The hsien, completely comprised of Chi, learned very
quickly that they were vulnerable to attacks by Kuei-jin and
other creatures that wanted their life energies. Having no real
shell to protect themselves, they were often destroyed very
quickly, despite their still impressive powers

Though all agreed that the August Personage of Jade was
justin his punishments, they began to fear that a grievous error
had been committed against them. They could not properly
defend themselves from the other forces in the Middle King-
dom, and several of those forces were greedy for the power
contained in the hsien's forms. Some died quickly, others went
insane, and othersstill turned to the Yama Kingsfor protection,
feeling they'd been abandoned by the Celestial Court

Ny


Despite the Mandates of Heaven, the hsien began to war
among themselves, ignoring their charges and trying desper-
ately to survive in a world that was far too hostile. They would
have surely died out completely, if not for one of their own
whom defied the Mandates for the good of all. At least that's
how he likes to cell the tale.

The Gifc of che Chien
if Unlike the Wan Xian now called the Wan Kuei
‘Ten Thousand Demons—orthe Kueijin, thehsien werenot
forced toreinhabit the bodies of the dead, Instead, they were
granted the Gift of the Chien. The Gift of the n allows
thehsien to take anew body, that ofa mortal who isnear death
or in the process of dying. In most cases, the bodies chey
me come with a full set of memories and even all of the |
identification needed to pass as that person. Therefore, a ||
sien who is freshly reborn in the Middle Kinyglom comes
| complete with a past and the memories to live the life of the
| person they are mirroring if they so desire. However, they
| bear no memories of their past experiences as a hsien. They
‘now what they are; they know their reason for existing, but
) they lack the knowledge of what they have done before they ||
were reborn. Only a few can access past memories through |
meditation and by practicing certain mental exercises. For
most, the only past they have access to is the past of someone ||
who is dead or dying.

Complications arise from time to time, far more often.
nowthan in thepast. Once abody ischosen, thereisno turing
back for the hsien. The body they mirror is the one in which
they are stuck, complete with its own memories and connec-
tions to the mortal world. In the past, that was seldom a
difculty, but with the advances of modern medicine, the
bodies they mirror sometimes come back from the brink of
death. In such cases, the Asien is stuck with a full set of
‘memories, connections to family and friends, and no ability
to use these assets. It would be wrong to steal a life from
someone who remains living, and only the vilest of creatures
would attempt todo so. For the hsien, the idea is reprehensible.

The other major complication comes from humans
dying in places where others witness their deaths. Very few
humans readily accept seeing their beloved mother retum
home only hours or days after they gave her a proper funeral
‘While much of the Middle Kingdom accepts the supernatu-

ralwith ease, there are exceptions toevery rule. Comingback
from the dead is often one of those sensitive areas most
mortals would rather not deal with.

Remarkably few hsien ever live out the eyve
mirrored. Instead, they move on to other areas and start
anew, keeping only the name of the person they've become.
This, too, isin keeping with the faiths of most of the Middle
Kingdom, where more than one person hase

across the spirit of a departed relative or friend w!

given the task of guarding a river or lake ora certain region.
This helps foster the beliefs chat are so strong in the Middle
Kingdom, and so essential to the hsien.


Hanuman was one of the Monkey Kings. Likeall ofhis kind,
e was irreverent, audacious, often obnoxious, and curious to a
fault. He wasalso opinionated, determined todoonly whathehad
todo ro avoid the wrath of the Dragons, and sorely displeased by
the punishments laid upon all Asien and himself in particular.
ng decided that he preferred living a life of ease to
for the kamuii, Hanuman chose to stay on the moun-
tain where he experienced his second mirroring — having
quickly losthisfirst life after urinatingon oneof the Yama Kings.
He wanted nothing todo with any of his responsibilities, atleast
until he could solve che puzzle of why he was trapped in a form
that made no sense:a form that was made forbattle, yet couldn't
stand against most of the other shen.

‘Therecameaday when Hanuman meta mortal priest, wise
man named Hou Ti, Hou Ti was traveling chrough the moun-
tains, seeking wisdom and knowledge. Sadly for him, a Kueijin
was seeking food and entertainment. Hou Ti was wise, but he was
not a warrior. The demon fell upon him and would surely have
killed the monk if Hanuman hadn't decided to intervene.

Hanuman killed the Kuei-jn, notbecause it was his duty to
protect the monk —which ic was though he refused to admit it
— but because the Kuei-jin was responsible for his current
predicament. If the Cathayan had only done his duties as the
August Personage of Jade had demanded, Hanuman could have
continued on minding his own business, never ending up stuck
ina body that refused to work properly. Hanuman did not like
being inconvenienced, and made his point very cleatly before
lopping the head off his enemy.

How Ti was very grateful and prepared a meal for his new
friend, While che two ate, Hanuman regaled the man with
stories of his own bravery and explained the working of the
universe to the man.

Along the way, the two became friends. They agree to
travel together for a time, and between tales of Hanuman's
craftiness and courage, Hou Ti told tales ofthe Taoist philoso-
phies. For the first time in his long life, Hanuman did more than.

he listened, He listened and he learned. Though they had
many adventures together, Hanuman and Hou Ti eventually
parted ways, but not before the Monkey King learned certain
philosophies. One of these wisdoms gained by the Monkey King
‘was simply that no creature should endeavor to be all Yin orall
Yang. Only in abalance ofthe two could there be actual change
and harmony of mind and body.

When this revelation came to Hanuman, he began to see
that the great Wall placed between himself and the Heavens
was not as solid as he'd thought. He came to understand that
there are doorways in the Wall. Wich this wisdom came power.
A jade key appeared on Hanuman's tail.

Had it been another of the hsien, all might have perished,
for the fighting between factions had only grown much worse
and many were suffering from the lack of proper defenses. On the
other hand, others might have shared the information immedi-
ately instead of getting into trouble first.

Hanuman, finally able toenter the Heavens again, promptly
went straight co the August Personage's Orchard and ate of the

% Land of Eighe Ditton Dreams


Peaches of Immortality, the fruit saved only for the very wisest,
whom the August Personage believed deserved an immortal life
The creator of the universe was understandably upset about
what Hanuman did, but couldnnot change thefactthat Hanuman
‘was now properly immortal, Still, he cast Hanuman back into
the Middle Kingdom and considered the matter closed.

Had Hanuman not consumed the fruit, the knowledge he'd
eamed would have surely been lost. Instead, he retained all the
secrets he'd learned and, being a Monkey King, promprly set
about bragging of his great feats.

He told his tales to T'u, the Komoku Guardian of the
Library of Earth —and
bothered to listen, T'u, in his wisdom, wrote down the know!-
edge and began sharing the secrets of Tao with the other hsien,

The hsien, like all spirits, were originally comprised of
Yin or ¥ , as the August Personage had planned all
along. But because of Hanurnan's trickery, the hsien learned
to control the Chi, ta stare balancing the differences and,
thus, protect themselves from the other shen.

Yin and Yang are opposites, created to counter and
balance each other. The hsien (being either Yin or Yang
| entities) had no defenses against their counterparts. Before
the Asien learned to create this balance within themselves,
they were vulnerable to attacks by their opposites. Now
even creatures of greacer Yang have Yin as well, though
seldom in a harmony that makes both forms of Chi equal
within the form they take.

This has a few problems for the Asien , but has
saved them from certain death as well. The biggest chal-
lenge they face isthe same one that's haunced chem since
the August Personage decided to shife things around: Being
made completely of very potent Chihasmade thema target
| forthe Kuei-jin and for che demons who simply like the idea
of gobbling down as much Chi as they can get their hands,
tentaclesand talons on. Kuei-jin and Demons notonly feed
on Chi, but employ ic in cheir mystical assaults; the unbal-
anced hsien were doubly vulnerable before Hanuman dis-

covered the secret of surviving in theie new home.

These days, the prablem of heing attacked still re-
mains, but the hsien can better defend themselves as they
inter the Chi in which they were once vulnerable.
The danger isstill real, however, as the hsien are immortal,
butnocif their very life force is consumed. Death is nothing
to fear in most cases, but any hsien absorbed as Chi by
another supernatural can't regenerate that Chi; it's gone
forever. Any hsien killed in this fashion is gone for alltime.

Just to make matters worse, there are certain of thei
hhuman-horn brethren, the hengeyokai, who also know the
secrets of devouring Chi in this way. Foreunately, only afew
of the most vile are willing to kill a kindked spirit in this
fashion,

SY

>

TSS

Ss

SS

yn)

RAL

SS

TS

WR

sbouta thousand others who could be

Ss

SS

To

a

4

ARK

>
ES

ATS


eg

‘Tuhas long since ascended to perfection. Hanuman could
beanywhere ata, chough most likely he isstill in great trouble.
But the knowledge one gained and the other shared saved the
Asien from certain doom and allowed them to continue in theit
quest co serve the Heavens.

The Age oF Tridulacion

The Fifth Age, also called the Age of Tribulation, is the
current time we live in. The world has continued to change in
ways that no one was ever prepared for, and in ways that
threaten everything the hsien have struggled so long to achieve

Many among the shen believe the Fifth Age is the turning point,
the time when all of the Middle Kingdom prepares itself for
complete disaster.

The hsiendisagree. Thisis the Ageof Tribulation, when the
shen must either prove themselves worthy or be destroyed
utterly. The time is fast approaching when the lives that the
hsien have been granted will run out. There will be no more
reincamations in the Sixth Age, but those who've proven
themselves worthy will be rewarded with reentrance into the
Celestial Court. There ate factions who believe differently, but
the majority agree that this is the time for the sien to prove
themselvesand to obey the Mandates of Heaven as never before.

The Middle Kingdom ischanging, being invaded by strang-
crs from other lands, and by the creatures they bring with them.
‘The "Children of Caine," who are at least as vulgar as the Kuei-
jin, and the hengeyokai from other lands, fail to understand the
Eastern ways and tend to offend more than they manage to
befriend. There arealso the strange chi'n ta who call themselves
the "Five Metal Dragons," who work to destroy all that the sien
hhave managed (o preserve, and are succeeding far too often.
‘Then there are the Kithain, who believe they are related to the
Asien, though they can'tquite explain how. All ofthese andeven
stranger invaders have come tothe Middle Kingdom in the Fifth
Age, tyingtochange the waysof the Eastand corrupt them with
their savage, soulless pursuits of physical wealth.

‘Small wonder that most are sneered upon by the shen in
general and the hsien in particular. Where once the only mortal
threat to the hsien was the Shih warriors, descendants of Vi the
Excellent Archer and guardians of the mortals from the shen,
now there is a growing threat from Strike Force Zero, a group
determined to eradicate all of the shen, regardless of any crimes
they mayor maynothave committed. The Shih punishonly the
guilty, working to enforce the Mandates of Heaven in their own
way. Strike Force Zero seeks annihilation of all that is not
mortal

Demon hunters have a long tradition among mortals, but
thisnew faction ignores the long established rules and does as it
pleases without consideration of the consequences. They are a
plague that must be dealt with before it destroys everything. The
worst problem is that no one is truly certain if this Strike Force
is real, or just an imagined threat. Those who encounter them
don'c usually manage to survive the meeting.

‘Technologies beyond imagination have come into exist-
ence, and only the constant vigilance of the hsien can counter

28 Land of Eighe CDitlion Dreams

2


x

pes oe ae ee

The Du Courcs - The Greater Demon Courcs

‘The Mu Courtssurrendered themselves tothe Yama Kings
in the Fourth Age, seeing no way out of the dilemma they'd
brought on themselves by breaking the Mandates of Heaven.

‘Though these two courts are both at odds with the hsien,
they are not allied to one another. There is no love lost
between the Kura Sau and the Daityas.

The Daicyas

‘The Daityas tured away from the Yama Kings shorely
after their allegiance began, realizing thac the demons would
lonly corrupe them and feed upon their life energies. Through
their own dack sorceries, they too discovered the secrets of
maintaining their bodies and avoiding falling to nothingness.

The Daityas work to encourage the Sixth Age, doing all
thae they can to bring about a time when the August Person-
age of Jade is forced from his Celestial Court and the Dragons
and Phoenixes war against one another in a bloody contlagra-
tion. By promoting acallous lack of belief, the Daityas seeks to
weaken the Wall created by the August Personage, hoping to
once again claim what they see as cheir "rightful" place within
the Celestial Court.

‘Though they are misguided in the eyes of the hsien, they
are notbeyond redemption. They could, ifthey sodesired, still

bring themselves back to the proper path and aid the hsien in
avoiding the Age of Sorrow.

The Kura Sau

The Kura Sau embraced the madness of the Yama Kings
and became a part of the demon-courts. They serve the Yama
Kingsto thisday, growing more powerful in the face the Sixch
‘Age and aiding in the coreuption of all chae they once held
sacred. Through the powers oftheir masters they hav
aged to enter the Yomi Workls, serving as minions of their
dark lords and often working through mortal agents to destroy
the foundations of the Middle Kingdom,

These dark spirits have become a deliberate mockery of
the hsin, a twisted, darkened reflection that seeks to undo all
that the hsien have achieve. They, too, answer the prayers of
mortals, provided those prayers demand blood satisfaction or
sate lusts best ignored.

There are claims that the Kura Sau have even corrupted
some of the Dragons and Phoenixes, breaking their minds
with whispers of great rewards and greater powers in the
service of the Yama Kings.

Whatever the teue agendas of the Mu Courts, they are at
‘opposition with the fsien andl they are often deadly foes

theirnegative effects. Ir'smot the advances in machination that
cause the threat, it's the possibility chat mortals will stop
believing in the truth.

The truth is lost to most of the world, but in the Middle
Kingdom, the ruth has prevailed so far. People still make
prayersand know they will be answered. People still understand
the powers of Chi. In the West, these simple beliefs are ques-
tioned more everyday as the mortals strive ro unlock the secrets
ofthe universe in cold, sterile laboratories, rather than through
simple acceptance of the elemental teuths of reality.

In the West, the only idal worshipped properly is technol-
ogy, a god that has built its throne on the bodies of the dead in
‘Nagasaki and Hiroshima; a god that kills more than it cures.

The Middle Kingdom survives, but with the influx of
foreign influences, it'sno longer easy to know how long thehsien
can maintain the faiths that in turn maintain the shen.

The Age of Sorrow, The Age of Joy

‘The Sixth Age is coming, growing closer with every beat of
the heart and every wave that crashes against the shores of the
Middle Kingsdom. Here the Asien and most other shen disagree as

to what will soon come their way. For the Kuei-jin, this time is
called the Age of Sorrow, for they believe the August Personage
of Jade will leave his throne within the Celestial Courts and
abandon the Heavenstothe YamaKings. Many of thehengeyokai
seem co agree, and the Kuci-jin have long since surrendered
themselves toan eternity in the 10,000 Hells. Some hsien aj
well, and some, those who tumed tothe Yama Kings foras
in the Fourth Age, do all they can to encourage this bel

This group is broken and fragmented, holding two courts
prepared to make war against the August Personage of Jade and
the Heavens alike.

The hsien believe that the Sixth Age is the Age of Jo
time when the Wall Between the Worlds will fall and the
Worlds will once again be united in the perfection that is the
August Personage of Jade. Once all beings e been perfected,
the fabric of the universe will be properly mended and harmony
will reign over all

‘Some of the hsien consider this a bad idea. It is the beliefs
cofhow bese tohandle the coming Sixth Age that have ledrothe
fractioning of vision among the hsien, which in turn has led to
the strange twists in hsien society.



rey

RZ

AK
QA

‘The body isthe holy Bohdi tree
‘The mind is like a mirror shining bright;
Exert yourself to keep them clean,
‘And never let dust accumulate

e e

No holy tee exists as Bodhi known,

[No Mirror shining bright is standing here;
Since there is nothing from the very first,
Where cam the dust itself accumulate?

—Towo disciples of Hung Jen, the fifth patriarch
of the Dhyana sect of Buddhism in China.

The Worlds of che Hsien

Pran Ku, the August Personage of Jade, issaid tohave given
his body over to create the Worlds. The sum of everything that
‘exists was created from his form. Therefore it: rough to

understand thacall things are connected, regan
se of the legends of how the Tellurian
ferred to by the August Personage's
ign of respect forall chat He saccificed in

‘creating the ut whole.

The Middle gdom, the Yin Worlds, the Yang Worlds
and the Yomi Worlds ate all sum parts of the whole. But the
‘August Personage of Jade, being cheir creator, changed the rules

and sundered the whole of the Pan
transgressions of shen during the Thit

as punishmenc for che
ge and the beginning

Celestial Courts, but not everyone sees it that w:
The Wall Between the Worlds separates
dom from the other Worlds. This powerful ba
punishment by the August Personage, and sor
the denizens of the Middle Kingdom hav
if they are not satis
Bur the punishment goes be
dom; it encompasses the other Worlds a

Chapzer Two: The Cight CDiltion Dreams

See
SSgaEE]

RAK

RA

Sar,

Ss

SLABS


many of the forces thatonce walked the
understand the world of the hsien, this n

The hsien are creatures of spirit, but their punishment for
disobeying the August Personage is to dwell within the Middle
Kingdom, continuing with the duties they have always had and
with the duties chosen for them when the Wan Xian went
astray. The Middle Kingdom is their world now. Despite theit
bestefforts, however, that world is ch galtered from
outside forces as the West slowly forces its way into the whole

for many of the shen in general and for the Asien in

particular.

The Worlds
Beyond che Call

There are places few mortals have ever seen and return to,
describe. Among these places are the Yin World, the Yang
World and the Yomi World. The differences between these
places are greater than most could comprehend. Even the hsien,
who once walked freely in the Yin and Yang Worlds have lost
many of the memories of these places. They are primal, and it
can truthfully be said that in these lands the gods still walk
fecely. Within each of these Worlds, there is both structure and
but each is radically different from the others.

The Yin World

The Yin World is the land of Negative Chi. While there is
great energy here, it is also the land where the Dead dwell.
‘Westerners call this place the Shadowlands, the Land of the Dead,
and speak of great storms that rage throughout the area, tearing
away everything that isn't strong enough toresist their powers. The
sien cal this land by the proper name, the Yellow Springs.
are places of stability
here the spits of the dead can walk in relat
together. The greatest of these are called Dark
Kingdoms, and among the most powerful of these places is the
Dark Kingdom of Jade

The Dark Kingdom of Jade is almost completely unknown
there are those among the Daityas who

to the hsien, though
sometimes travel there and are known to speak with the nuler of
the great land, the Jade Emperor, Yu Huang,

‘The Jade Emperor sometimes sends his minions to do his
bidding in the Middle Kingdom, though it issad, the Dead who
serve him are often at cross purposes with the Shinma.

More importantly, there are those among the L
once inhabited the bodies now controlled by the
very few of them cake well to the loss of thei liv
of their forms. True, the Asien are not the cause of
but these wraiths don't seem tocare about that. They sometimes

id who
inma, and
and the theft
ir deaths,


ne

subtle when it comes

Thereare greater beingsthan the Dead wandering through-
out the Yin World, creatures of Yin Chi who would see every
thing that exists destroyed. These creatures are called by many
names; the hsien merely call them demons. Most of these
demons are believed to have slithered over from the Yomi
World, corrupting all they see and encounter. Some, however,
ate almost certainly creatures that were once human spirits who
have been corrupted by their darker aspects, the P'o, into
something far worse than they were ever meant to be.

Hsien who die do not go to the Yin World. They are kept
away from this dark area by che power of the August Personage
offade, who returns them to the Middle Kingdomand anew life.

Many hsien believe the kun shou takes place immediately
after ahsien dies. This may or may not be true, but if the Asien
spirit does move into th beyond ‘all, it most
certainly does not move within the Yin World. The mast
common belief is that the hsien body is either immediately
placed within another body or is judged within the Celestial
Court before being reborn. Ifthe latter is the case, then itis far
easier to explain why the Asien are often granted bodies that are
different from the ones they would prefer.

The Yang World

‘The Yang Worldishelieved tohold most ofthe greater Celestial
Counts. Thisareaisfilled withnaturespirisand he greaterelementals
and sprit often called the Jimu-Tenno, who are the messengers of
the Mikado and the Dragonsand Phoenixes, Mosthsien who manage
to attain a Jade Key come to the Yang World seeking wisdom and
knowledge, in addition to favors from their superiors.

There are several Palaces within the Yang World that are
patts of the Greater Celestial Court, among these are Ryujin,
the Palace of the Dragon Kings and the Kami Palaces of
Summer, Winter, Aurumn and Spring. A magnificent, sheer,
jade wall surrounds this enormous complex of buildings. The
fev hsien who've manager to wander through the Yang World
and locate the Hall of Seasons (the only known entrance into

laces) have all found the door barred and guarded by

dozens of Fu Dogs. None of the hsien have been within the walls

ofthe Hall of Seasons and the Palaces beyond since the time of

with the sole exception of Hanuman, who

managed to sneak into the ial Court and even see The

August Personage of Jade walking through his Orchard of
Immortality before being expelled.

Most of the Shinma believe that the answer to the final

theirrighttostay within the Celestial Courts

away toenter the Palaces without being injured.

Pethaps there is some truth to this, as evidenced by the foolhardy

Monkey King surviving his first trek and an encounter with the

August Personage.

The secrets of immortality, the truths of the universe itself,
and the final destinies of thehsien lie beyond the entrance to the
Hall of Seasons. The only challenge is gaining entry, a task no
‘one has accomplished in centuries.

‘ig,
‘wi.
anny



Chi in che Ocher Worlds

‘The Worlds Beyond the Wall are fountains of Chi. The
sien who find their way to these lands have access to pure
Yin Chi and Yang Chi in abundance. Those who have lost
their Chi by theft or destruction (chus being weakened), can
replenish the energy here, but only if they are permitted,

caking what they desire from the Yin and Yang

crime worthy of punishment. Why? Because the
is supposed co be in the worlds beyond the|
[Middle Kingdom in the first place

In oxder to gain Yin Chi, the Asien must actually enter the |]
Yin World and deal with the politics and tribulations that |
resent themselves. Once there, gaining Chis simply a marcer
of absorbing it through meditation. One Chi may be absorbed
per hour. The same is true of Yang Chi in the Yang World.
Attempting to absorb either Chi w
practica

Its pos e authority will
allow the characters to absorb Yin or Yang Chi, but there is
normally aprice required, afavor to be granted or an item to,
bye located and returned ae or stolen ae beforehand.

The Wicked City itself is a terrible place, which bears
strong resemblance to the worst parts of Tokyo, Bangkok and
Hong Kong. This great, sprawling cesspool is overflowing with
tortured spirits and the armies of demons who practice their
skills on anything too weak to resist. While seemingly disorga-

zed, these armies are frightfully powerful and capable of acting
in unison when they must. Its said that several dragons have
been captured, tortured and released from the Wicked Ci
work as sleeper agents for when Mikaboshi storms the Celestial
Palaces and destroys the August Personage of Jade. Few doubt
that Mikaboshi is the much feared Demon Emperor who will
bring about the Age of Sorrow.

The Hell of Being Gazen Alive

Beingsboth livingand dead are brought to the Hellof Being
Eaten Alive, where strange, maggoty creatures writhe every-
where, consuming anything that moves, even each other. What
iseaten is then excreted, and eaten again by another. Each time
a creature is eaten, it changes for the worse, uncil after going
through this process several times, what remainshas nothing in
‘common with what first came to the Hell

This Hells ruledbyallofthe YamaKings, andinany among
the hsien believe the Kura Sau are forged into their new identi-
ties in this dark, bloody realm,

Hiruko

Hiruko is apparently a set aside for those who served the
Yama Kings well and have died again. In this place, every
imaginable treat is offered freely, and no work need be done
This Hell changes shape to suit the whims of its few inhabicants,
and itis seldom populaced for very long. Those who enter this
place are treated lavishly for a few weeks or months, then they

Chaprer Two: The Eighe CDitlion Dreams


are sent back out to serve the Yama Kings again, For the Kura
Sau, visting such a paradise is the surest sign that they made the
right decision in serving che Yama Kings, for Hiruko is exactly
what they've been promised when the Yama Kings overthrow
the August Personage.

Moscof the Kura Sau agree thatany punishment they might
hardly worth considering when weighed against the
the Hell of Infinite Pleasures.

ple
y Xi Wang Chi The Dreaming

The Dreaming just as real in the Middle Kingdom as its
in the West. The difference is that it's easier to access, The
Dreaming, called "Xi Wang Chi' or "The Western Paradise" by
the hsien, is not completely separated from the Worlds Beyond
the Wall. There are paths leading from the Dreaming to every
imaginable realm, bur the problem of knowing what lies at the
end of those paths isstill very real. Cha ing in che
Dreaming of the x that the
rules chey thought applied have little m Bast. The
Chimera they meet here are stronger, m
ficecer in combat. The spivits of other realms, even the Yomi
World, seem to make themselves at home, seldom bothering

with staying out of the Dreaming for fear they will be
The Firchlis sill roam through the Dreaming, altering the
Dreamscape in ways that seem completely random, and the
Trods running through Xi Wang Chi are still the safest way for
o move wichour getting hopelessly lost. But there

often branch off into areas where the Other Worlds are actually
connected to the Dreaming. The guardians of the Trods are
always determined to have riddles answered and honorable

combat engaged. However, the Western changelings often
encounter the problem of not speaking the language of those
presenting the verbal puzales, and the rulesof honorable combat
are rather different in the Ease.

Aswith the West, there are places where no entity that has

fom can go without the very Dreaming
itself retaliating. One of these places allegedly leads to the heart
of the Celestial Court and the Palace of the August Personage.

Most hsien have little use for Xi Wang
has little use for them. The Dreaming has nospecial meaning for
thes 1e Daieyas or the Kura Sau, though al three have
discovered ways to travel safely through the realm. Mostly, Xi
‘WangChiisa useful route to other areas, and upon occasion can
lead to the discovery of great treasures.

Po Jen

Po Jen are those among the hsien who seek to divine the:
future. The Po Jen have discovered thatone of the best methods
of divination isto simply find a quiet place within Xi Wang Chi
and sleep deeply. Often, it helps to bring tools of divination
and hope that these devices grant the answers to the

which in turn

ms in the minds of the Po Jen when they awaken,

‘ery few of the Po Jen sl
to answer questions of the future save with riddles. Some have

their secrets, and most refuse


been driven insane by what they saw. Others have come back
from their expeditions into the Dreaming with enlightenment.

The only way any hsien has of entering the Dreaming is to
either fall asleep and hope for the best —a method that seldom,
if ever, works —or to gain access with a Jade Key. There are no
places where the hsien can enter the Dreaming without a Jade
Key or the desires of the Heavens that they enter Xi Wang Chi
There is no special connection between Xi Wang Chi and the
changelings ofthe East. Entering the Dreaming has no particu-
lar effects upon the hsien, and few remember much of what they
learn there after they awaken, with the exception of the proph:
ecies learned by the Po Jen.

The CDiddle King

The August Personageof Jade has made his decision, ana we are
punished fairly for what we have done. The Middle Kingdom is our
home now, no matter how we might wish it wasn't so

Perhaps we shal one day be allowed back into the Celestial
Courts, but unl dha time, we must ake thebestof what he August
Personage has granted us, and we must do all chat we can to fulfill che
Mandates of Heaven,

In cime, we shall cither usher in che Age ofJoy or falc the Age
of Sorrow. Ifthe former, we shal be where we belong once more. If
the later, we shall know suffering as few have before

We are not abandoned; we have simply been given new respon-
siblies. We must accep these duties asthe only way to regain all thar
‘we have lost, or we are steely doomed.

— Ching Hoi, Second Gray Manclatin of Nihon Province
in his frst address to the Gray Court

‘The Middle Kingdom, with all its wonders and flaws, isthe
domain the hsien call home. They are displaced, but ehey are far
from powerless. The Yu Courts have divided the Middle King-
dom, making theirprovinces, which seldomhaveanything todo
with the domains ruled by mortals. There are no absolute rulers
here. Mortals may claim what they wish, but the hsien do not
follow the rules of the mortals any more than most of the mortals
accept the hsien for what they truly are.

The following sections lst each ofthe provinces in greater
detail. While it is rue that che Asin seldom actempr to control
the mortal governments, they are often vigilant in stopping
other shen from doing the same. This is but one of the reasons
why the Kueijin and the Shinma share enmity.

Ieis important to remember that even among the separate
provinces, members of all the Hwang Sheh are present. The
provinces are simply the lines drawn by the Yu, a single Court
among many. Most of the Shinma respect these lines, but they
are not the end all be all of Shinma society

CDongolia Province

Mongolia is ruled by the ruled by the Black Mandarin, and
is the northernmost of the provinces. The human government.
here is communist, a fact that the hsien ignore remarkably well.
‘Most of the population in this area is Mongolian, though some
Russians and a good number of Chinese live here as well.

all they can to drive away the Brujah vampires of Ru
Russian Kithain, Thereislitee love lost between the hsienand the
‘Waigoren of the North. The Black Mandarin isoften referred to
as the Hun, a title she relishes. Wan Na Gon, the current
mandarin, insists on stronger discipline than any of the other
rmandarins, though strictly out of necessity. There are a great
number of Kura Sau agents moving through the bitter, frozen
tundra, and the growing human population — most of whom are
in their early 20s or younger, is cause for concer to the demons.
The promise of power and prestige in a land where there is litele
beyond moderate farm land and massive herds of livestock has
often tempted the young mortals to side wich the Yama Kings

To date, the Black Mandarin and her fellow hsien are still
holdingoff che forces from Russia, but wth the growing political
unrest in the area, there is real fear chat the Waigoren will
make amove to seize control of the province. At present, there
isa fragile teucebeween the Shinma.and the Daityasin the area,
though no one trusts that it will last long.

The attacks feom the North have grown more frantic of
late, and whispered comments about the witch Baba Yaga lead
the hsien to helieve that matters will only grow worse

Most of the Mongolia Province isstillfarmand grazingland
for the herds of cattle, oxen, sheep and horses that populate the
area. A very large portion of the human population lives in the
capitol city of Ulan Bator; while small by Western standards, is
still a sizable populated area. Most of Ulan Bator is considered
enemy territory, as the Kuei-jin in the area have long since
established their power bases

The Kuei-jin tend to leave the Shinma alone in Mongolia,
considering them the firs line of defense ayainst the Kinin of the
‘North. Though hostilities still exist between the two groups, they
havecome toaquietunderstanding: Don't botherus,and we won't
bother you. Naturally, there are afew on both sides who refuse to
play by this simple silent rule, and sporadic battles still occur

Inner Mongolia, though part of the province, is a separate
Jhuman country, and isfar more populated by Chinese than is Outer
Mongolia. Teles thet apply to Kura Sau and Kueijin also apply
here, but only because of the Black Mandarin's demands for order.

Wan Na Gon rules through her abilities as a powerful
suijen. Though all of Mongolia is landlocked, there are hun-
dreds of lakes and her ability to command the waters and
‘generate storms is legendary in the area. She is one of the few
mandarins whohas maintained control overaprovince through
‘more than one incarnation.

Hunan Province

Ruled by the Red Mandarin, Hunan Province is far more
liberal in approach than most of the provinces. Hunan has control
‘over Guangdong, Fujian, Zhejang, Jiangsu, and Jangxi, which, in
tum, means controlling a great number of the major port towns in
Eastem and Southern China. This means little by way of monetary
‘gain, but means a great deal by way of control over the influences
of the Kuei-jin and Kin-jin. Any import or export shipped by boat
into the area risks severe trouble if the Red Mandarin decides to

ct

Chapeer Two: The Eighe CDitlion Dreams


1 those shipping the prizes. Though there
yans and the hsien, cher

e Hong Kong

If there has ev

cee Kung Xue, a very powerful chu-jun
snore liberal ap ruling the Hunan Province, includ

A) ingallowing the move through his territories unmo-

ro - money to sustain Chit
simply ignore the way of life that exists chere


‘The Red Manularin holds his courts in Hong Kong, and Greater detailson Hong Kong can be found in Hong Kong
spends most of his time in the city, despite the fact that he is by Night, the first supplement for Kindred of the East.
| among the first to say that Xiany jin .
While the Cathayans donot, in fact, rule the eity, they have far Jilin Province
more influence than the hsien. Ruled by, Tsung Chow Yun, the Yellow Mandarin, Jilin
wrthernmost province in the Ten Prov-
«Jilin, Lioaning, North and South Korea

As with any major town, the levels of political inerigue are Province is the
vast, and the ability to understand them is almost a necessity for _ inces. Heilong}
any shen attempting co survive there. Very few of the hsien and Liaoning comprise the area that runs along the eastern coast
actually dwell within Hong Kong, but many visit regularly, of China and covers both Koreas. As with many of the coastal
especially among the Xian Mun and Shu Shen. The Kura Sau fhe hsien here are more accustomed to dealing with
and Daity: 11so strong within the city, and in the case of the many of the inner provinces.

Kura Sau, there is litle doube that the tongs and triads of Hong. seat deal of influence from the Kuei-jin here
Kong have become their stomping grounds. as well, but sened with the help of the hengeyokai, in

‘One of the favored sayings of the Komoku is: "There is no particular, the Middle Dragons, who have made several of

escape in Hong Kong, The shen are as prevalent as the garbage inthe dragon nests and dragon lines running through the area

‘i remain their special places. Few are foolish enough to cross them,
sno wayro The Zhong Lung do little to interfere with the other shen in
rninthecity. the arca, but they are quick to react to any threats to their

(S)

6
6

the streets." Very few who come to

unaltered by the experience. For better or wor
avoid the influence of both the shen and the

‘One of the biggest problems facec sacred places.

yy shen in Hong
Kong comes in the form of the demon hunters. Both Strike Force The constant tensions between North and South Korea are
Yu Court as well, where many of the kamuit,
un among them, tend to pressure the hirayanu
em, rather than simply making requests,

Zero and the Shih have active representatives in Hong Kong, reflected
and in thecase ofthe Shib, at east one Shih Masterusesthe city ‘Tsung C
as a testing ground for his disciples. into obey


The intemal politics in the Jilin Province have stopped the
area from becoming more influential. The continuous arguments
between "nobles" and "peasants" seem almost exaggerated in the
area, and Tsung Chow Yun seems to prefer it thae way.

Despite beinglocated away ftom Mainland China, the Yellow
‘Mandarin's courts are normally held in Seoul, where the Kemoku
‘Mandarin finds a variety of situations to keep him amused.

Jilinand the other bordering regions ofthe province within
China proper are sometimes referred to as Manchuria, and
throughout the history of the region, violence has often been a
coneinuous problem, Both Japan and Russia have held the area
at different times, und even used the area asa battlefield during
the Russo-Japanese War. During rhac time, the Daityas became
a powerful force within the region, and they remain that way
even to this day

Suto Manahari, the lear of the Daityas in the province,
has long referred to the area as his territory, and few have the
power to dispute his claims, « fact thar haunts the Shinma
constantly

‘There are sumorsclaiming that Tsung Chow Yun bastaken
to dealing in the more extreme aspects of the black market in
Seoul, including slavery, prostitution and the drug trade. Sev-
eral hsien have visited the city and left in disgust, vowing never
toretuen as long as Tsung remains in command of the province.

Darker rumors claim that Tsung has given himself over to
the Yama Kings, willingly joining with the Kura Sau for profit
and pleasure. Very few take these rumors seriously, as Tsung has
Jong been regarded highly by the other mandarins. Still, despite
the silence, many find it an interesting paine of conversation
that very few Kura Sau ever seem present in the Jilin Province,
especially when they are so offen seen almost everywhere else.

Beijing (Peking) Province

‘The Jade Mandarin (achu-ih-yo who has provedherselfover
the years and only recently rose to power) is trying to make the
best of an awkward situation. The previous mandarin, also a chu-
i-yo, was found guilty of consorting with the Russian Kin-jin by
the Yellow Lotus. His sudden disappearance and the yellow
blossom found draped across his throne were enough to convince
everyone of his guilt. The new mandarin, San Zho Li, must now
face the embarrassment of her predecessor's actions and adjust to
anew style of life us the ruler of Beijing Province. Hebei, Henan,
‘Shanxi and Shaanxi combined make up the territory nominally
under her charge, and San has lictle trouble with that aspect, but
the political arena is still a new one for the veteran soldier and
judge, especially when one adds in the other shen and the mortals.
There is ayreardeal of confusion in Beijing as to just what impact
‘Sanwillhave in the turbulentcapitol city ofthe People'sRepublic
of China, There is also speculation as to whether or not she will
be able to handle the troubles started by her predecessor

The Jade Mandarin has already made several comments
about the financial dangers facing China as a whole, and many
believe she will ery co influence the mortal government 60
ensure stability for the nation, However, she has always had a
tendency toward pushingaway from industrialization, and many

40 Land of Eighhe CDitlion Dreams.

4

fear her wrath should things fal to go her way. There are some
who are already stating that San Zho Li will be very short-lived
as the Jade Mandarin, and the court over which she presides i
cagerly looking for her predecessor.

The political yames of the previous Jade Mandarin have
alreadycomebacktohaunt San, who mustdeal with angry Kuel-
jin and hengeyokai enraged by the dealings with the Kin jin.
‘There ace also a good number of wraiths who seck revenge for
something the previous Jade Mandarin did, though sofarno one
hasbeen able rodetermine what crimes were committed against
the Dead. And lastly, the Five Metal Dragons who have a long
‘held claim in the capitol city are making a great deal of trouble,
soving in Technocracy forces and causing endless grief for the
Asien, There is little doubt that times in Peking are about to
become very interesting, indeed.

Yunnan Province

‘The White Mandarin, Lo Shan,a suijen whose reputation
for incompetence is second co none, rules Yunnan Province.
The province covers the human territories of North and South
Viernam, Laos, Guangi Zhuang, Huizhou and Yunnan. Most of
these areas suffer greatly during typhoon season, and in general,
the human populations in chese area are among the most
impoverished in the world. Drug trade, black marker dealings
and out-and-out slavery are often the primary sources of income
for entire towns, and the overcrowded cities are rapidly falling
into economic ruin. Through all of this, Lo Shan has done
nothing to stop the suffering.

‘Thereare many who claim Lo Shan issimply trying to make
the best of what the mortals have done to themselves, but others
believe it is the White Mandarin's attempts to influence human
affairs chat have caused a great deal of the troubles in the
province. Many fsien point fingers, but so far no one has
attempted to remove the mandarin from his throne.

‘One ofthe reasons for his continuance as the White Manda-
rin might well be Lo Shan'sconnections to the chi'n ta. There are
‘numerous rumors that several powerful mages have swom fealty
othe mandarin, though no one ean understand why they would,
‘or why the mandarin would seek to employ them.

Lo Shan holds his courts in the mountains not far from
Kun-ming, the largest town in Yunnan, and a major source of
revenue in China. Most of the Shinma in the Yunnan Province
acknowledge bis "leadership" only in passing, and few of them.
consider the Yu, in general, worthy of notice. The large areas of
‘unfarmable land in the area has lead to (or may well he the eause
of) a greater number of Li Shen andl Wu Hsien in the area chan.
in most others. While most acknowledge the Yu Courts and
their boundaries, they seldom allow these trivialities to influ-
cence thei lives.

Xinjiang Province

Xinjiang Province is ruled by the Blue Mandarin, a tanuki
named Qil Hu. Despite the mandarin's fearsome name (literally.
translated: Seven Righteous Tigers) the province is among the
most peaceful. Xinjiang Uighur and Gansu are the mortal areas


that make up Xinjiang Province, which is mostly mountainous
terrain and desert. The land is not overly developed, with the
lowest population centers in all of China, and the primary
sources of income come from raising herd animals.

The largest problem facing the region regularly is earth-
quakes, which cause substantial damage to the area every few
years. Ifthe area were better developed, this would likely create
much greacer problems.

The mortals in Xinjiang Province are descendants of the
Mongolians in many cases, meaning they are often taller than
most Chinese, and often of fairer skin. The Uighut region of he
province is free from Communist Chinese control, and has
become a haven for many seeking to flee from political troubles
in other parts of the country. In an area where there are so few
people and where the land isso vast, hiding is fairly easy, doubly
so for the Shinma.

Despite being "ruled" by a tanuki, the province is home to
many of the Li Shen and is heavily favored by the Xian Mo, wha
believe that Kun Lun, the mountain destroyed by the Kuci-jin
and the Yama Kings at the beginning of the Fourth Age, ance
stood in this region. The Xian Mo believe the loss of the
legendary carthly home ofthe Dragonsis very possibly the cause
of the earthquakes within the area, and often seek ta find lose
artifacts that could lead to enlightenment.

‘Tidcc Province

Yi Han Sook, the Peacock Mandarin, rules over Tibet. Yi
Han Sook looks toward China as a whole, and Hong Kong in
particular, as places where the Mandates of Heaven have been,
denied for far too long. Though he is not radical enough to start
conflicts over his beliefs, he has neverbeen soft-spoken regarding
hiscontempt forany modernization. The continuingattempts by
China's military ro completely destroy the ancient ways ofl in
Tibet might have something to do with the Peacock Mandarin's
attitudes, including the substantial span of time when Chinese
was the forced official language of the Tibetans, and an equal
length of years when religion in the region was outlawed by the
Chinese government. Despite all eflorts on the part of the
Chinese, the language and faith of the Tibetans remain intact.
Yi Han Sook is a Komoku, and one of the oldest of the
kamu. He has ruled over Tibet for several hundked years, and.
Jeans very heavily toward Buddhist philosophies. The Kura Sau

have made their presence known in the region recently, but
have failed to gain much of a foothold in the province. The
greatest threats to date remain the mortal Chinese government
and the continuing efforts to eradicate the Tibetan way of life
These efforts have come to include violence, imprisonmentand
other, darker acts that are often kept at a low profile to keep the
world at lange from noticing.

Yi Han Sook is doing all he can to make certain the
atrocities committed on the mortals in his domain become
public knowledge, and other shen in the region are working
toward the same goal.

‘There is a war going on between Tibet and China, and
while this war is bevween mortals, the tensions arising among

Chapzer Two: The Cight QDillion Dreams

the shen in Tibet toward othersare growing strongerall the time.
There are few in and around the Tibet Province whobelieve the
war will remainstrictlyamongthe humansfor very much longer.
Asi
The only problem is in locating an enemy they can strike
against. Tibet is small and China is huge; there can be no direct.
war if the denizens of Tibet wish to survive the confrontation.

wother laces, the shen have united foracommon cause.

Qinghai Province

The Green Mandarin, a hou-chi whose beliefs in the
simpler waysoflifeare reflected by the region over which shehas
ruled for a very long time, rules Qinghai. Sadly, the times are
changing faster than the mandarin would like, and her province
is rapilly becoming modernized

Despite the mountainous terrain, and the long-standing
traditions of farming and raising livestock in the region, the
proximity to Tibet has made the Qinghat Province something
‘ofa target for the Chinese military forces and with them, the
Technocracy

New weapons are being field tested in the area; a well-
concealed base for che Five Metal Dragonsis becomingsomerhing
more than a mere nuisance. More and more of the Technocratic
Conventionsare oiningforcesin thearea, spurred by the requests
ofcertain Chinese military officials for weapons o eitheralter the
way the Tibetans think, or aid in their destruction.

The Shinma of Qinghai Province are not among the more
militaristic, but they are willing to learn. A growing number of
Daityas in che region have begun causing problems for the Shinn,
and there is little they've been able to do about the mutter as &
numberof the Shinma moving into the arca ae part ofthe military
forces guining a foothold in the region. Any attempts to actively
stop them would likely be sen as an attack on the soldiers by local
radicals and could lead to hideous conilicts between the mortals of
the province and the encroaching military.

‘The Hwang Ho and Yangtze rivers have their headwaters in
Qinghai, chese rivers are a constant source of trouble as well, as
there are several groups of shen who call them home, including
heng po, suijen and fu his as well as Middle Dragons and a group
of Kuei-jin, All of these groups are beginning to have rather
serious debates as to who will rule over the dragon nests found at
the head of each river, and no one is willing to share peacefully.

Making matters worse with the ewo rivers, the Technoc-
racy has recently been looking into building a complex of
"cesearch facilities" near the locations of the dragon nests, and
‘were painfully efficient in procuring the rights to build on the
land before anyone discovered their plans. Though actual work
con the buildings hasniot yet begun —mostly asa result of several
hhanumen and nyan keeping the surveyors busy — the work will
doubtless begin soon. Not knowing what the Technocracy has
planned is beginning co frustrate the hsien in the area, and the
Zhong Lung in the region are beginning to make rather disturb-
es about settling the matter once and forall.

With as much growing chaos as isin the province atthe presene
‘me, most spect it' only matter of time before the Kui jn begin
‘manipulatingmartersanddrivingtheirchwsintothealrealymessyalar.

ma?

a
2


ail

ISS

Le >

4 within th

Lastly, while the Kura Sau have not begun moving into the
ers, they have made their presence
of che region, and have actually

areas around the gee
known in Hsi-ning, the ca
driven most of the Shinma from the city. Whilenothingisreally

happening in Qinghai Province, there is little doubt that
matters of grave importance are rapidly escalating, and Sha
Hong Ming, the Green Mandarin is looking increasingly ready

to take drastic actions. For an area that has known peace for so
long, the time when weapons must be drawn is coming soon.

‘Sichuan Province

Sichuan is a toubled province. Sam Na Ku, the Orange
Mandarin, is gtowing more concerned by the day, and those
jurt_are speaking more openly of the need for
extreme action. Sichuan, Lower Gansu and Ningxia Huiare the
mortal realms contained within the province, and all of them
are expected to suffer greatly if the current plans to build the
Three Gorges Dam come to fruition

The Three Gorges Dam Project is one of the largest, most
ambitiousplans devised todat hydroelectric plant.
Thedam project would require floodingthe plainsnearthe Three
Gorges, and relocating almost 2,000,000 people from their tradi
tional homes and into areas where they would have a great deal

‘of difficulty living. Mosc of these mortals farmers, and che land
being offered is not exactly the best for growing crops. Several
temples and shrines, many of them hundreds of years old, will be
destroyed if the dam project continues, and the loss of these sites
the region. Additionally,
p nests in the area that would be

would be a strong blow to the hs
there are no less than four drag
Jost to all ofthe shen, and the loss would be devastating.

TheLi Shen Shui Fu, Ministry of Water, isgatheringagreat
many of the suijen in this area, and many of them have been
making threats thar only the most foolhardy would take lightly
They consider the continuing plans for the dam as one of theit
greatest failures, and ma hey will carry out some of their
more serious threats, including summoning the Four Rivers
Dragon to destroy the Three Gorges Dam should it ever be
completed. The Dragon iscertainly capable of educingthe dam
to rubble, but the devastation caused in the process would be
immense, and even some within the ministry feel that the cure
for the problem woukl be worse than the disease.

What is nor known by the Li Shen, is that they a
opposed at every step by the Kura Sau, who see the Three Gorges
Dam as an excellent opportunity to start a complex chain of
events that would likely usher in the Age of Sorrow. The
machinationsof the Kura Sauare extremely complex, and every

move they have made co dace has been handled in their mortal
guises. Making matters worse, the Li Shen are shutting them-
selves off from the other hsien in the province, growing more
insular and more dangerous asthe plans for the dam continue.
Most othe Ministry of Water refuses to speak of the project with
anyone outside their immediate group, and often take mention
of the matter as a personal insult.

Honoris at stake, and for many of the Li Shen in the:
marterhas become personal. Those who remain on the outside o
ShuiFufeel,andrightlyso,chacthe Three Gorges Dam Project might


very well he the cacalyst that beings about an end to all they have
knowninthe Sichuan Province. TheLiShen havebecome irrational
‘on the matter, and anany hsien are abandoning the area altogether.

Nihon Province

Nikon Province is ruled by the Gray Mandarin, Rei
Mihinato, and includes the mortal territories of Japan, Cambo-
dia, Taiwan and Hainan Island. All of these locations have ane
major theme in common, they are heavily induscrialized.
least in comparison with most of the Middle Kingdom,

‘The Technocracy is powerful in che Nihon Province, but
not as incredible a force as they would like tobe. Financial woes
have sloweddown the technological growth in Japan and in the
other industrial areas as well. Though she would like to believe
otherwise, Minihato has not been the main impetus for slowing
the Five Metal Dragons; simple misfortune and the changing
financial world have taken cace of that. However, the province
prospers from a hsier point of view, especially wich che growing
resurgence ofthe Shinto faith in Japan, andl the general increase
in religious followings throughout the region

‘The Daityasare strongest in Nihon Province, which iswhere
the Mu Court originates. Most of the growing troubles the
Shinma have brought to China and the other areas of the Middle
Kingdom are simply a reflection of cheir success in Nihon.

‘The Gray Mandarin is chi-ih-yo, and in her mortal life is,
the wife of a high-ranking Yakuza in Japan. While che marriage
was arranged, she has found it usefal to keep her husband as a
pawn for the present time, thus allowing her to know more of
‘what goes on in the underworld than most would. It would be
unfair to say that the relationship is hased on love, but the two
understand each ather, and there isa strong friendship between
the hushand and wife. Despite this connection ta the Yal
Mihinato seldom sets foot in Tokyo, preferring to remain in the
family's palatial estate to the north of the city.

Tokyo

Tokyo belongs to the Daityas. Though there are many
Shinma Asien within the city, the power belongs to the Shiruna
Asien, and their leading Council of Five, a powerful group of
Naobi who rule over the Daityas. This council is the primary
force drivingall the Shinma in their quests, and all but one have
remained in the same incarnation for hundreds of years.

There are very strict rules against battle between the Daityas
and the Shinma in Tokyo, especially in light of the troubles with
boththe Technocracyand Kuei-jinof Tokyo. The Daityasare not
astolcrant of mistakes as many of the mandarins, and have little
hesitation tokill anyone who breaks theircules without very good
reason. Though the Shinmadsien are not obligated tofollow these
rules, they find it much safer to do so anyway.

Tokyo isacity of paradox. On one hand, the industry in the
city and its surrounding suburbs is the heart and blood of the
nation. On the other hand, the religious faith of the people is
seldom taken lightly by anyone who sees the number of shrines
and pagodas that exist alongside the factories and industrial
complexes. Religious holidaysare taken very seriously in Japan at

at

Chapter Two: The Eight Dillion Dacams

SS

largeand in Tokyoas well, and ina city ofover 11,000,000 mortal
souls, che Yugen gathered at the ceremonies is beyond plentiful

Despite the earthquake chat leveled Tokyo in 1923 and the
fire-hombings thar took place during World War Two, Tokyo
still stands and grows larger all the time. Over one centh of the
‘entire population of Japan lives and works within the area of
Tokyo and its suburbs.

The shen of Tokyo weave together new allegiances and
break old ones regularly, and the policical miasma isaclangervus
place for anyone whohas noc leamed just who iscurrently siding
with whom, to enter into an agreement. The hengeyo
clealings with both the Shinma and the Shinma; the
(@ often work wich both groups, and the Kuei-jin have been
{known to ally themselves with various factions within the city
Even the Kura Sau have joined forces with the mages from time
‘otime, though such gatheringsnormally fail to hold themselves
cogether for very long. The wraiths of the region are considered
part of the Dark Kingdom of Jade, bur mose find the current
situation intolerable and seek to break away from their Chinese
overlords. The ghosts in Japan are often seeking allies, and
offering rewards in exchange for assistance. They, too, have
even been known to goto the Kura Sau inan effort to find allies
in theie war for freedom,

Where there are gatherings of shen, there are demon hunt
ets. In the case of Tokyo, chat truth is more deadly than mast
realize, as Strike Force Zero is heackquartered somewhere in the
and is always on the lookout for demons to capture, kill or
vivisectionalize. Currently, the Kura Sau, the Daityas Council
ofFiveand the Gray Mandarin are ll offeringrewards toanyone
who can bring them @ Strike Team member who is alive to
answer questions. The size of the bounties offered is constantly
rowing, and the few who have attempted to seize the rewards
have come back empty handed, they came back at all. Though
there are no Shih known to live in Tokyo, at lease one makes &
point of traveling through the town regularly.

Religions of che CDiddle Kingdom

Religion is a necessity to the hsien. Without the beliefs of
the mortals, the hsien would lose theie ability to collect Yugen,
and the duties they perform would be much harder to accom
plish. Toa certain extent, thehsien answer the calls of all faiths,
even Christianity; they simply tend to tread more carefully
around those religions that don't actively acknowledge their
existence. When it comes to answering prayers, the hsien of the
Shinma and Daityas are nondenominational

Ie is important to understand thar what is listed below is
simply the barese basics of the hs. Each of the
predominant faiths in the Middle Kingdom is complex and
deserves proper discourse, but the listingsbelowonly cover the
general beliefsof the faiths, and cannocdo them justice. Numer-
ous books exist that can better explain the beauty and depth of
the religions of the Middle Kingdom, those who are curious
should visit theie local library or book store,

For the hsien, the religions listed below are part of their own
path to enlightenment. Most have been of influence to one degree

Ss


of them could be said to be che exact truth as
concerned. Rather, the hsiens' beliefs are an
gamation of the different belief, and are constantly changing

faras the Shinma

that every creature, even the pl
personal spirit that can be reached, understood and communi-
tenets of most religions.
yond this
uuthave also
ther.
lismisthe simple truth: They are among the

c exceptions, and many areas
istic" outlook to more compl
this belief into their faith in one form or

in this way.

Acheism

Atheism isthe belief thac there are no divine beings, no spirits
and nothing beyond the flesh. The hsen have nothing to do with
atheists, and never answer their prayers Despite thebestefforsofthe
Communist Pasties in several countries in the Middle Kingdom,

Buddhism is the most influential religion in Asia, and has
spread through other parts of the world as well. Buddhist beliefs

Land of Eighe Qittion Dreams

state that mortal existence isa transitory state illusory
and one that can be overcome by following an Eightfold
cige, right speech, right absorp.

right aspiration, right kno
tion, right livelihood, ri
behavior. By following the

the limitations of mortal t id move along the path to
Nirvana, a perfect state of bein

‘The challenges of reaching a are many, and few seem
abletorcach their goal withoutenduring multiple incamationsin the
process. Still, those who follow the Eightfold Path properly are
con the hsen for aid and almost

powerful beings, and many can
certainly receive it. The Yus
‘mense, and anything the hsien can do to ad them is granted without
hesitation if itis within the abilities of the Asien to accommodate.

ted by these mortals is im-

Confucianism
‘Confucianism is responsible for much of the ways in which
‘Chinese culture has evolved. Con ideals state that righ-

teous peuple who live righteous liv a state of

the Confu-
compassion and,
force coward achi
the imperfect worl
cianism, the devout believe they can cha
, ving in harmony with all that are around ¢

and virtue produce harmony, and harmony in turn leads to


ry)

Heaven. This faith is one of the most important tothe hsien, and.
is at leat, in part, responsible for their own salvation,

Hinduism

The Hindu faith bolds that the world around us is much
sreater than mortals realize, and chat even the gods are only a
larger pare of a picture that cannot be perceived by the unrigh-
teous. Everything that we are, everything that we see is but a
fraction of the pattern of existence. Therefore, if this life is an
illusion, one mustsee past chis life, even while living this ie our.
The Hindu faith is the foundation for many of the other faiths
in Asian cultuce, and its influence over those faiths is strong.
The concept that life is transitory and mostly misperceived by
those experiencing it is not new to the Asien, who have long
understood that their current incarnations arc really a lass of
perception in their part. Though they may not word it the same
way as those who practice Hinduism, the hsien all seek to gain
back the perceptions they've lost, through enlightenment.

Shinzoism

Tn many ways, the Shinto faith embodies the heart of the
Asien beliefs. According to this Japanese faith, the spirits of the
dead and the spirits of nature are all around us, and itis possible
tocommunicate and even interacted with them. These entiti
can be friendly or vicious. The best way to make sure these spirits

remain on one's good side is to placate chem with sucriices,
prayers and worship.

The Daityas, in particular, are very influenced by the
Shinto faith, and have shaped their own society around these
beliefs. Those who appease the spirits remain on good terms
with the Daityas, so longas they also remember that Shintoista

rewards kindness and punishes acts of cruelty.

Shintohas evolved over the years, and many of the practitio-
ners of Shinta also seek enlightenment for themselves, even as
they seek to-appease the spirits. The lines between Buddhism and
Shintoism have become blurred over the years, and many Shinto
practitioners consider themselves followers ofboth faiths, though
there arestill nosolid decisionsas to what nay lie beyond thislife.
Does one transcend or remain behind to watch over one's
descendants? Perhaps both, maybe neither, in the end, the only
vay to know for certain isto leave the mortal existence behind.

Taoism

‘Taosim is the main impetus behind the beliefs of the
Shinma. This religion (or philosophy depending with whom
you speak) revolves around personal enlightenment and the
power of Chi. Tao (literally translated: the Way) requires
artuning oneself to the power of creation (The August Person-
age of Jade, in the eyes of the Shinma), Chi, and using that
energy to better oneself. In some cases, this is done through
meditation and purification. In some cases, magic or alchemy
are the most direct routes. The martial arts, science, magic and

anything that aids in reaching one's goals are all a part of the
Tanist philosophies. The individual must choose his path to
enligbtenmentand eventual ascension abave one's beginnings.
Mortals must work much harder to achieve the ability to

Chapzer Two: The Eight QDittion Dreams

manipulate Chi than do the Asien, but even for the Asien, work
is cequired and understanding is important, espectally if one
wishes to survive any potential contiets

‘The Tao de Hsien is very much an offshoot of these
philosophies, and hus been integral in saving the hsien from the
punishinents imposed on them. All of the Shinma hsien follow
the Taoist beliefs to one extent or another

Ocher Faiths

Christian and Islamic beliefs are practiced by & rowing
number of mortals in Asia. While neither of these religions are.
influential in the ways of the Asien, both the Shinma and the
Daityas accept and respect these faiths, answering prayers for
their followers as chey do for all other worthy religions.

True Faith of any sort is not a bane to the hsien, who can
‘tually feed on the Yugen generated by thedevout without ca
harm tothe devourin the process. While these belicfsare different,
theyarenotconsidered threats by the hsie peral. The KuraSau
are the exception to this rule, and are not known for taking well ro
those with me faith who wish to case away demons.

Religious Celedracions

Religious celebrations generate Yugen, which in turn offers,
thehsien whatthey need tosurvive. Fortunately forthe hsen, the
majority of people in Asiaare fairly devout, and the celebrations
of the faihful are relatively plentiful. [eis important to remem
ber that most hsien are likely to show up at these celebrations in
their human forms asactive participants ofthe celebrations and
rituals. Being in their mortal yuises does not stop the hsie from
absorbing the Yugen generated at these events. Belov is allist of
some of the festivals that generate Yugen for the hsien. Even
religious celebrations that have nothing to do with the hsien

themselves still generate Yugen, though in some cases, not very
much. The hsien take full advantage of the energics generated,
regardless of the source.

Nanusuka— A festival in Japan where seven fresh herbs
areblended witharicestew and eaten ceremoniously. The belief
is that chis ritual wards off disease during the following year. This
ritual occurs every January 7¢h,

New Years Day (Japan) — A three-day long celebration,
the New Year is both a celebration of what has been and what
as well as the reco zed "birthday" for all adults — as
‘one's age is dictated by the number of New Years one has seen.
—as only children receive individual birthday celebrations in

Japan. Many people visit shrines during this ime, in addition to
paying off debes and observing "First Dream" on January Third.
The dreams people experience on that night are considered
prophetic. The sheer excicementandlenthusiasm created during
the celebration generates immense amounts of Yugen.

‘Obun Festival —In July of every year, Obun, "The Lantern,
Festival" takes place in Japan. This festival i celebrated in most
ruraland many metropolitan areas, and involvesmusic, dancing
and celebration af life, love and happiness.

Moon Festivals — Each month adifferent festival ofcelebra-
tionisheld. The chronology of seasons with these Moon festivals

45


might seem a bit out of pace with traditional Western standards,
because they are. The Chinese celebrate the New Year with the
coming of spring, not with che arrival of January First. These
festivals celebrate a different subject in every case, but in every
case, Yugen is generated. Below isa listing of each Moon festival

* First Moon — First Moon is one of the longer and more
claborate Moon festivals, taking place over the course of many
days, each with a special meaning and significance. The firsts.
the birthday of fowl, the second celebrates the birthday of dogs,
the third of pigs. The fourth celebrates the birthday of ducks,
and so on. The seventh day celebrates the birth of humanity,
andisused asaday ofrest. Traditionally on the seventh day,men
must eat seven red beans and women must eat 14 red beans as a
measure to ensure good health throughout the year. On of
around the same time, Li Ch'un the formal beginning of spring
is celebrated with a feast. In times past, the feast included the
sacrifice ofoxen or other livestock to the gods, but these days the
offerings are smaller, but no less heartfelt.

‘The 15th day of the month is the Feast of Lanterns, where
offerings are made to the gods in hopes of receiving peace and
longevity. Offerings to the Heavens are made on the 18th day,
and on the 19th, families gather cogether; wives visit their
parents, and most families retize early. Toward the end of the
month, fairs open near most of the major cities.

* Second Moon — Second Moon is of particular impor-
tance to the hsien, as the celebrations made throughout the
month are dedications to the Sun God and, most importantly,
to the earth-bound gods... che hsien themselves. The birthdays
of Kuan Yin, the goeldess of Love and Compassion, Confucius
and Lao Tze are also celebrated during the Second Moon.

© Third Moon — The celebrations of Third Moon include
Ching Ming, "Pure Brightness," a celebration of spring and
fertility in China. Many people visic with their ancestors and it
is customary to plant a tree during the spring festival. In some
places, the celebrations are raucous and in others they are quiet.
Inboth cases, Yugen is generated. The birthday of Hsi Wang Mu.
— Mother of the Western Paradise, is also celebrated and
‘numerous planned visits to temples are attended to.

+ Fourth Moon — Fourth Moon celebrates the coming of
Summer, honors the Bight Immortals, these humans who have
achieved divinity through perfection and have been allowed
into the Celestial Courts. On the eighth day, the Chinese
celebrate the birth of Gautama, the founder of Buddhism.

* Fifth Moon — Fifth Moon brings the Dragon Boat
Festival, acolorful celebration that offers prayers and thanks ta
the water spirits, and rites to honor the Gods of Medicine and
Exorcism are performed.

+ Sixth Moon — Sixth Moon brings the traditional starcaf
the rainy season to China, and numerous prayers and celebra-
tions are carried out to honor Lung Wang, the Dragon King, in
the hopes that he will bring the rains in sooner, thus aiding the
growth of crops. In many places, great effigies of Lung Wang,
made of paper orcloth, are carried on the shoulders of 12 ormore
celebrants who bear them through the streets. Should the rains
be late, images of Lung Wang are brought out to view the fields

Land of Cight CDiition Dreams

where rain is needed, and the Great Bell near Peking rings
throughout the day as a summons. The hirayanu are given
thanks for protecting the cattle and horses of the farmers.

* Seventh Moon — The Moon of the Hungry Ghosts is a
festival that lasts from the 15th to the 30th of October. The
offerings made here (burning effigies of money, food, and
material possessions: placing candles in paper boats and floating
them down the streams and rivers, and carrying lotus blossom
lamps through the streets) are meant to honor the dead, as are
the feasts set out for the ancestors of families. These festivities
generate only Yin Yugen, but the ghosts and the hsien alike
accept the offerings meant co keep the Hungry Dead satiated

Eighth Moon — The Harvest Moon celebrates the Moon
itself, and the season of plenty. On the 15th day, the Moon's
birthday is celebrated and the Harvest festival takes place
throughout the land.

© Ninth Moon — On the ninth day of the month, multi-
tudes take to the hills of China and fly kites of every imaginable
shapeandsize. On the 25th day thanks siven to the gods ofthe
cities, called the Cheng Huang by mortals, The hsien who dwell
within the cities feast on the Yugen generated and simulta
neously do all they can to answer as many prayers as possible
throughout that day and night.

# The Tenth Moon — The Tenth Moon celebrates the
ancestors of mortals witha festival ofthe Dead, Once again, only
Yin Yugen is generated at this time.

* Eleventh Moon — Eleventh Moon, called the White
Moon, isattime for weddingsand the honoringof ancestors. The
Asien remain busy throughout this time, often given ordersby the
Shichi Fukujin, who spend much of the month responding to
the prayers of mortals and sending the Shinma to take care of the
answers they give. This is considered appropriate and necessary
asa proper way of thanking the mortals who give so much of
themselves through their prayers during the other [1 months of
the year. While Yugen is generated at this time, as with all
others, the hsien tend to look at the time of the White Moon as
a sort of "dry season," partially because they are so busy, and
because there isless Yugen generated by prayersatthis time than
during any other month.

© Twelfth Moon — Twelfth Moon is often called the
"Biteer Moon." This time is spent in preparation for the New
Year, atime of paying debts. Houses are cleaned, an effigy of the
Kitchen God is burned after his mouth is smeared with honey to
prevent him reporting any bad behavior on the part of the
inhabitants of the houschold, and when theburningisdone, the
Kitchen God makes his report to Heaven. For the Shinma, the
day this occurs among the mortals is the day they traditionally
expect tohear from the Mikado. [tis expected thatat least a few
representatives of the Mikado will manifest themselves and
speak with the Shinma. To date, they have never been disap-
pointed. In many cases, the Shichi Fukujin of Chi Ling who
appear have little to say, at other times they often give secrets
abouthow to locate lost dragon nests, or explain parcof the Way
othehsien that hasnot been known before. On other occasions,
they chastise the Shinma for failing to keep the Mandates of


Heaven properly, or in extreme cases, actually mete out punish-
ment on the foolish, By the last day of the year, all debes are
supposed to be paid, and effigies of the Gate Gods are placed
near or on doors as a prayer for protection from evil. The Gare
Godsure butone of the names the mortalsstill carry forthe Wan
Xian, now called Kuei-jin. As the hsien have accepted the
burdens once carried by the Wan Xian, they also accept che
Yugen offered in these effigies.

Asian Cutcure

‘May yene lve in ineovesting tomes,

May you gain the notice of thase in high places,

And may your every wish come rue

—Tradlitivnal Chinese curse

To properly explain che myriad differences between West-
ern and Eastern cultures would require more pa
thisentire book. The similarities between the owaare numerous,
but pale in comparison to the sometimes subtle and often
blatant deviations that exist.

‘What follows should not be considered a discourse on the
socictadifferences, but thera hint acsome ofthe larger differences
It is neither a condemnation of either the European/American
culture, or the Chineseffapanese. It is simply starting point.

Retigion

‘One of the primary differences between what is tradition.
ally perceived as Asian culture and that of the West is simply
thatthe religions are so radically different. The Judeo-Christian
foundations upon which much of the Western world is buile
believe in a single god, and state that the proper behavior wll
be rewarded with Paradise. While the Eastern beliefs also state
that Paradise exists, the ways one can achieve the rewards of a
better life are substantially different... not just in how one
reaches the

extreme are required. Compare the religions listed below —
acknowledging that the information given is extremely basic,
please —to those practiced by yourselfand yout friends and you
can get an inkling of the different evolutions of these beliefs
from those of Judeo-Christian society

"Tadicion
Taoism

avery real sense, the founclat
the societal beliefs in China, and hasbeen an established religion
for almost 3,000 years. While the rulers may have changed 3
dynasties nase and fell, the religious and social structures of the
country have remained almost unaltered, Even the worstupheav
als in Chinese history have not caused the sorts of social alter-
ations that have occurred regularly in European history.
Arranged marriayes still occur regularly in China and in
any of the surrounding Asian couneries, long after many in
Europe and the Americas have washed theie hands of the
concept. Why? Because 3,000 years of tradition say its okay to
plan the futuresof yourchildren, up coand including whom they
can marry. The vast majority of China and the surrounding
regions still follow a very strong tradition of a male-dominated

nal rewards of Heaven, buc also in what levels of

society. For better of worse, rhe husband/fathee of a family is in
charge of handling most ceremonies and is expected to make
any and all decisions regarding a family's livelihood. While it's
no longer leyal in mest of these countries, it's still a common
pructice for parents to sell children, usually daughters, in order
to ensure financial security.

‘This is not to say that women don't have important roles in
thesocietiesof the East, but those rolesare radically different than
they are in much of the West. In Japan, the wife is teaditionally
in chargeofthe household. She handles the financesherhusband
ccamsandd receivesthe vast majority ofthe moneystomaintain the
home. Her duties also include making certain that the children
are raised propetly, though the father is still traditionally held
responsible for their actions, and handling the arrangements for
visitors. The busband may be in charge of the family, but in the
home, the wife remains the final voice of authority.

Responsidilicy

‘The family unit is extremely important to the Chinese and
Japanese alike, as well as the neighboring countries. The actions:
ofthe children are reflections of the parents, and the parents are
held accountable for whatever their offspring do, whether the
children ure behaving in exemplary fashion or ate violaring the
Jaws of the land. The same stands for adult offspringas well, nd
the head of a family is almost always the oldest male, regardless
of how old his children might be. Those caught misbehaving
themselves, but their entire family as well. While this particular

tradition has been weakened co a certain extent in some of the
‘major cities, it is as strong as ever in most of the rural areas.
Responsbilityisleamed ata youngage in most Asian countries
andisstrctly enforced uncilsuch timeasthe childhasleftthe parents)
home. Discipline is extremely important in the Asian culture asa
‘whole, and che reason remains the same; those who do wong bring
disgrace to theic entire family and to their parents especially.

Crime and Punishmenc

While the following statement does not stand as strongly as
it once did in Japan, it remains true of most other areas of Asia:
Those found guilty of a crime against another are punished
uickly and harshly. The general belief is that ifthe punishment
is extreme enough, those committing the crimes will do every
thing they can toavoid suffering the disciplinary action again. A
golden example ofthis is the policy of caning in Singapore. Most
people found yuilty of minor offenses receive a specified number
cof blows from a stout bamboo cane across their bare backs and
buteocks. A very practiced expert in the fine act of using force
usually delivers this caning, and aside from very nasty welts und
bruises, it's not uncommon forseveral open wounds toresult from
the incident. This punishment is generally meted out in a public
forum, adding humiliation co che extremely painful sentence.
While this may be considered barbaric by Western standards, the
offenders very seldom return to their unacceptable behavior

pattems afterward. Several past offenders spoke to American
reporters after a US teenager was found guilty of vandaliaing
several carsandsentenced to 18 strokes from cane: Inevery case,

Chapcer Two: The Cight CDitlion Dreams 4


they agreed that starving was a better concepe than being caught
stealing food if a caning was the resulting punishment.

In China, the laws of the land preach leniency to those who
plead guilty and harsher punishments for those who plead their
innocence, thus taking up the cour's valuable time. Appeals
courts do not generally exist in most of Asia, and che punish-
ments demancled by the court are normally carsied out immedi
ately, or within one week in the case of death penalties.

While Japan has become almost too lenient by Asian
standards, the fines for breaking the law are still much stiffer
than they are in che US, at least in most cases. What might be
a $500.00 fine in the United States could just as easily be 10
times as high in Japan, provided the offense didn't result in
immediate imprisonment

‘Those who would rather avoid suffering tend to obey the laws of
the land in Asia. There are seldom second chances for redemption.

Respece

Respect is far more important in Asian culture than
Western society. If many people in the West tend to think that
the Easterners are almost ludicrous in their deference, they
should remember the differences in upbringing. Very few chil-
dren in Japan or China would dare misbehave in public. That
very notion goes against everything they are taught from a very
young age. Proper courtesy and respect are part of the fabric of
the culture as well as a part of Buddhism, Confucianism and
Taoism alike. In some cases, the respect shown to elders and
those of higher station is simply a facade, but even when
discourtesy is shown, it normally takes the form of subtle insults
that could easily be misinterpreted as an accident.

‘Those who are on a friendly basis can forego certain levels
of proper courtesy, much as friends in the US might not shake

The Chinese Language ,

‘The Chinese language and all of its major dialects have
certain things in common, not the least of which isa similar-
ity between words. A slight difference in which part of a
sound is emphasized and how the word is used in a sentence
can completely change the meaning of that word, especially
when used in speech as opposed to writing. A single syllable
word in Chinese can often have as many as six different
meanings. In example, the word "Li" means carp." butt also,
‘means "ritual" and "oriole." "An" means "dark," but it also,
means "harmony," "peaceful," "tranquillity" and "quail."
"Tich" means "iron," but it also means "iodine," "traitor,"

filerator" and "butterfly." "Feng" means "luna
| "irony" and "direction." Each of these may have a different
character in Chinese, but in speech the only way to know
which meaning isto understand the careful emphasis of how
the word isspoken, and to gather the meaning from the words |]
cused around it. The use ofthe proper words with the improper
emphasis can often generate subtle jokes oF insults
have hidden meanings for those who know what to listen for.

Land of Cighe CDittion Dreams

handsevery time they meet, but around strangers and those who
are dealt with in a business association, proper courtesy is
generally considered a must. Once again, this discipline has
weakened slightly in metropolitan areas, but not to the point
where it no longer exists
The examples listed above are onlya fewof the very substan

tial differences becween Western and Eastern culture. Though
sometimes blatant and other times almost unnoticeable, the
discrepancies are very real. This chapter providesa list of movies,
in no particular order, that are mostly produced in Asia and are
excellent examples of how numerous the variations berween the
‘two cultures really are. Even those made in the US have been
carefully written by people who have experienced both the East
and the West and understand the gap between the two societies

Dangers oF che CDiddle Kingdom

Itis owe that we ave gods, but you shoul strive wo remember that
there are many in the Heavens to whom we are only sereanes. Also you
should remember that we ate gods who are suffering the punishments of
Pran Ku. We are not what we once were, and there ave many walking
‘in the Middle Kingdom who ave our equals or even greaver than we.

— From the Tao Te Hsien.

The hsien know and acknowledge that they are less chan
they once were, The punishments they suffer stripped them of
‘much of theie previous glory and lefe chem all but defenseless in
the Middle Kingdom. The Kura Sau turned to their enemies to
handle chisproblem, embracing the warped designsof the Yama
Kings. The Daityas turned to the Yama Kings and then turned
away before the demons could change them. They then walked
the Middle Kingdom, averted their eyes from August Personage
of Jade and struggled to make the best of what was left to them.
‘Only after they had reestablished themselves did they start
looking toward the Celestial Court and thinking that things
must change in Heaven. The Shinma alone — at least in their
‘own eyes — continued to follow the Mandates of Heaven and
serve the Celestial Courts, All chree courts of the Asien are
different than they once were, more powerful than when they
were originally banished to the Middle Kingdom, and all too
aware of the dangers thar wait them if they grow careless.

The threats to the hsien are many of the same ones that
threaten mortals, and the additional risks char seem to come
naturally when dealing wich the shen of the world. Hengeyokai,
Kindred of the East, Demon Hunter X, The Dark Kingdom of
Jade and The Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures cover many of
thesupemnaturaland mortal obstaclestothe hsien in greater detail
‘However, for those whodonot wish toinvestin these sourcebooks,
here is an overview. Chapter Six of Land of Eight Mil
Dreams gives examples of many of the creatures listed below.

MDorcal Threacs

Among the most common of the mortal threats to the hsien
are the human governments ofthe Middle Kingdom. Chinaand
‘many of the surrounding lands are currently under communist
rule. One of the most basic tenets of communism is the belief
that religion isa crutch, which should be taken from the masses


OR

inorderto betterallow them tostand trong, Fortunately for the
Aen, the communist regime in China has all but given up in
their efforts to quell religious fervor in the land. While the state
still officially frowns on organized religion, the realization that
the people would often sooner die than surrender their beliefs
came quickly in China. Even in Tibet, where the Chinese
Government has continually tried t eradicate religion by force,
the struggles have weakened to a great extent.

While the removal ofreligiousheliefsisnotastrongpassion,
for most of the Communist governments of Asia, it is still a
consideration in many people's minds. Those who've devoted
themselves to the Communist ideals often quietly encourage
others to cease with their "foolish" practices, and while the
number of devout followers stil vastly outweighs the number of
atheists in China and the other Communist countries, a great
number of believers have turned their backs on the hsien,
gradually removing sources of Yugen.

Moreover, the strict laws of China and most other Asian
countries make it harder forthe hsier to perform eheir duties in
‘many cases. In order to protect themselves from the shen threats
to their existence, the hsien must wear mortal forms. Mortal.
formsare cll susceptible tothe lawsof mortal governments, and
those who act too strangely in public might well fall subject to.
punishment, especially in a land where outrageous behavior is
frowned upon, and the threat of any potential risk to the
government is taken very seriously

Those hsien who would wam mortals away from commu-
rnism are very often locked away and forgotten, While the hsien
donot usually have to feardeath (knowing that they willbe born.
again in a new form soon after death caused by mortal hands)
imprisonment, torture and interrogation are extremely painful,
and the human form can withstand a great deal of all of the
above before dying. Also, having to go through the kun show
means losing memories and experiences, as well as having to
start along the Way again, possibly delaying the return to
Enlightenment. It is extremely inconvenient.

‘Being mortal, even parttime, means enduring the trialsand.
tribulations of mortal life, from taxation to heavy traffic and all
of the implications that coincide with mortal existence.

Family obligation isa strong tie for most hsien, even those
who've done all they can to sever the relationships of their hast
body from themselves. Family ties are so thoroughly ingrained
in the societies of the East that most Shinmma and Daityas often
find themselves torn between the needs to fulfill their duties as
Asien and che duties of family. Irisn't easy to ignore the families
of the host bodies, especially when the kun shou leaves the
memories of the body's previousinhabitancintact. Despite their
desires to leave the mortal families behind, even the most
callous of the hsien often find themselves drawn back into the
fold in times of family crisis

‘The matter is made worse by the fact that the Mandates of
Heavenand theneedsofthe family are sometimes in opposition.
When the Mikado demand an earthquake or a typhoon, the
kamuii are obligated to deliver, regardless of the costs to the
families of their host body. Failure to obey the Mikado often

Chapter Twi: The Eighe CDittion Dacams

aM
we
Wes

is

meansstrict punishment, andas with the legal systems of China
herself, the laws of the Mikado are swift co judge and to punish

The Criminal Clemence

Organized crime in Asiaisa very serious threat, especially to
anyone who decides to cross the paths of the Yakuza, the triads
and the tongs. The hsien are required o answer prayers, and many
of the prayers that come their way have to do with requests for
Heavenly protection from the criminal element. Please note that
while the Yakuza and triadsarereferted toas"criminals" here, that
is nor always the case, as will be explained below.

‘Threats to mortals must be deale with, and more often than
not they must be handled directly. The hsien are duty-bound to
look out forthe humans, sometimeseven ifthat meansafewofthe
Ihumans must be punished for the betterment ofall For the hsien,
the Yakuza and the triads are often a problem, but the tongs are
a continuous threat. While the Mandates of Heaven forbid the
Jsien to involve themselves in the leadership of mortal govern-
ments —a later addendum broughton by the actions of the Wan
Xian — they often tread this line just che same in che process of|
answering prayers. Especially with the triads and Yakuza who,
while not officially recognized as governmental in nature, often
work along the same lines as che local governments.

Make no mistake about it, the organizations listed below
‘often doa great deal of good in theie areas, but they also commit
heinous crimes when they feel the need to. The triads, Yakuza
and tongs all deal in slavery, prostitution, the pornographic
indusery, drags illegal armsand contraband of all sorts. They are
universally efficient and ruthless in handling ineerlopers, and
not at all above showing the results of theie actions around asa
warning for others to heed.

The Triads

Triads have existed for centuries. They evolved from the
needs of local powers to protect the people in an area from
extreme actions on the parts of the recognized rulers in China
and have grown to encompass many of the shadier aspects of
everyday life. Triads do not officially exist in China; they are
strictly against che law. This doesnot tap them from ruling over
many aspects of mundane life in the major cities of China
Almost a combination of union and local government, the
Triads serve both as neighborhood watch groups and as busi-
nesses. The leaders ofa triad are often very well connected with
the official government ina city, and can move freely — within
reason — to do as they please.

‘This does not mean that the Triads are bad — quite to the
contrary. The chances of receiving expedient justice are far
better when dealing with the Triads than they are when dealing
swith the official governments forces in China. The Triads often
work as local law enforcement in the neighborhoods where they
‘exist. Many would rather approach a triad for retribution or the
settlement ofa dispute than endure the paperwork and bureau
cracy of the legitimate authorities. As with the Yakuza in Japan,
the Triads evolved in most areas as a response to the feudal lords
of the past, a local way of ensuring that what must be handled


2s

a

(5

yy
Hifi
Ly,
ss taken care of fairly and expediencly. Tradition and dury keep work as legitimate neighborhood protection groups, but they
the Triads working in this manner. are few and far between.
me, the Triads deal in macters that are extremely The Triads
ighly illegal. They deal drug
mn tur a profit. They smu gs would generally like to be perceived in the
just asmuch. They are crirninal y- but lack the authority and the ability to earn that
never hesitating to use extortion and _ sort of respect. Tongs deal in drugs, weapons, prostitution and
5 who would report their protection on a local level, normally in arcas far smaller than

oftenendupdend, That'sbad the Triads. These gangs normally seek quick money and
ss the form of one of their victims respect through fear, whereas the Triads already have both in

often scen as feudal lords, mostly kind bur
local problems before the situations get

renotas well established as the triads, and often war
against each other for territories. If innocents fall in the con-

wwho "miraculously" survives
assoonas they can, Forthe flics, few of the tongs eare one way oF the other. These are the

hoods and punks, the hardened, bitter you ek co take

did ta the host body's p

and the need to reveng what they wa around
extremely powerful driv them. They are often a source of trouble for the Asien, and have ‘
seek revenge for what tothe departed soul, theyseldom been responsible for donating more than their fair share of host i
take the injustice of murdering an innocent lightly bodies for the kamuii and hirayanu. Q
Once again, the drive to revenge the murderer of the host i
body is often strong, but there the need to stop the tongs c

work in many of the saine ways aS — from committin

the Mafioso in bbur che tongs area different poruncommon for 4
matter entirely. Ifthey serve to protectsomeone, theydosofor against the tongs. li s FP
profit, and those who ar ve tithing to the gongs and their ilk are norm y
violent gangs often receive beatings instead. Some congs still practice the art of war. Ee

0 Land of Cight CDittion Deans:


SNS

yj

ih

TNE 7 SAMA
"The Yakuza "The Lau of Sitence

Mat

‘The Yakuza share many of the same purposesasthe Triads, and_ In the eyes of many city dwellers in China, the triads and the
even share a common origin, In both cases, these criminal organi-_ tongs are effectivel acal law, These gangs offer protection,
zations evolved from a need to protect tor help mete out justice and even offer sources of income to many of
and to police themselves when the ruling governments failed todo che locals. The same is true ofthe Yakuza in Japan. The triads and
so. Both have ince moved into overseeing the criminal Yakuza bring a sense of security to their territories, and even the
clementsoftheirareasandstillcontinuetoworkasunoffcialcourts tongs normally keep their word once their offer of protection is
for the locals and as law enforcement for the same. They are given. The alternative in far too many cases is to wait for the
protectors and mostly benign overlords who are respected by the legitimate authoritiestoeventually offerto look intoamatterand
people around ther e sometimes feared. The _ chen take their own sweet time about lending their assistance. In
difference in the cas t they are very openabout other words, the locals have more respect for thecriminalsin their
what they do. Many Yaku in public offices and are area than they do for the legitimate law as often as not.
willing to see anyone who has a legitimate complaint in the open. Even without the very real threat of punishment forspeaking
Ihave the common sense to keep those clandestine. orting the criminal activities of

The Japanese governmencknowsabout he Yakuzaandliteven yyone in authority. Thereislitele
knows who is involved with the criminal empires. The local police ind opportunities offered by the groups
oftencounton the Yakuza to keep the peace intheirterrtories,thus removed, and there isliteleby way ofreward for those who actually
ceasing the burdens on the official law enforcement agencies. And pursue the matter. While this is not a syndrome unique to Asia,
ifthe police tend to umablind eye toward the lessextremeactions the strength of silence in most Asian communities holds more
of the Yakuza, there are few who blame them. power than any fear of the legitimate authorities.

But just as with the Triads, the Yak
violence to achieve their goals if nothing
1¢8 find themselves at odds with the Just
‘of the Shinma and Daityas influence wi a
wre concemed. particular, are a favored stomping ground of the younger Kuei:

can and will use is
e seems to be The Shen Conneccion

he We

ome shen tend to har

Chapzer Two: The Eight CDition Dreams 51


older, more powerful Cathayans lurking within them. For this

reason alone, the criminal empites ate feared by ehe hsien, but
the influences working in these groups span virtually all of the
shen co one degree or another.

The Kura Sau absolutely love the tongs, and often make
promises of assistance in exchange for favors. Though they also
have influence within the Triadsand Yakuza, the riesare seldom
as strong as they are with che smaller gangs. Both Daityas a
Shinma have members reborn into these organizations, and fe
‘ofthem sever those ties upon onceagain awakening tolifein the
Middle Kingdom. Many of the power struggles within chese
groups are manipulated if nor always created by, the shen. The
chi'n ta are not above dealing with chese groups,and often have
hidden members within che organizations who work theirsubsle
magicks to influence everything of importance to their yoal
Even the hengeyokai and the ghosts work cheie influences here.
What often amazes the enlightened is that the supernarural
connections within the criminal gatherings have yet to destroy
them from within, Truth be told, despite their manipulations,
few of the Yakuza or Triads are ruled by any shen. Most are still
very much under the control af the mortals.

Demon Huncers

Demon hunters are those mortals who, for whatever reasons,
turn to hunting the shen and delivering punisbment to the super-
natural forces of the world. The two best known groups of demon
hhuntersin the Middle Kingdom are the Shih and Strike Force Zero.

Scrike Force Zero

No, have newer enconentered the homicidal maniacs you call Strike:
Force Zero. My ann fel off ofits own acco, andthe scars om mf
occurred when I sneezed to had during the coldest prof the winter.

Tsing Wa Luc, Hakken Warrior, in response to a
question from a hanumen.

Little is known or understood about Strike Force Zero,
despice the best efforts of many shen ro learn everything they can
about these high-tech warriors. Every government connection
grows silent when the demon huncers are mentioned, and even.
the best bribes fall short of gleaning more than the most basic
hints about whae this organization is up to.

‘What is known ts that they are merciless. The Strike Teams,
normally five strong, are ruthless in their pursuit of the shen, ancl
brutal in their methods of clealing with the ones they find

Most of the encounters between Strike Force Zero and the
supernatural powers have ended in fatalities on one side o the
‘other (or both) and even chose that don't leave the shen either
captured and transported to another place, or grievously injured.

When the Strike Force first made itself known, there we
few who paidatrention. These ditys that has changed. Almost all
oftheshencan tell youofsomeone they knew who fought against
the Strike Force, or can show you the scars of their own
unfortunate encounters

The general law of the land is simply that they should be.
avoided, and harring that, the demon hunters should be de
52

Land oF Gighc CDittion Drcame

normal damage. Normal damage
fons and mundane items and can be healed using Yugen.
Each Yugen spent restores one Health Level of damage.
win this fashion, the Asien cannot take any
fhe attempts to do so, the injuries remain
unhealed, even though the Yugen is still spent.
Aggravated damaye isa different matter entirely. Ay
agravated damage is caused by certain attacks of other shen,
such as claws and fangs of hengeyokai and Kueijin and the
powerful magicks of the chi'n ta. This damage must heal
naturally, and is estored at the rate of ane Health Level per
day of rest. The speed of healing aggravated damage can be
doubled in some cases, at the Storyteller' discretion, if the

sien makes a Stamina + Meditation roll, difficulty 6, while
resting within the boundaries of a dragon nest.

Jade

Just as the Kithain are sensitive to cold iron, the hsien
can be sensitive to as Kf the proper rituals awaken the
Chiof the jade, itcan cause aggravated wounds when used |
against thehsien. Demon huntersof the Shih know this and.
often cary jade weapons, Itisimportant to realize that jade
does not affect hsien the same way that cold iron affects the.
Kithain, Hien don't lose posers or aii as ares of
close proximity to jade, and merely touching jade doesnot
case injucy- Only in cases where the ale as been "act
vated," where the Chi within the jade has been deliber-
ately attuned for the purpose of causing injury, does this
cecut. Even after the jade as heen awakened! for this
‘reason, it must still be used as a weapon, and the hsien can
still attempt to soak the damage caused by the attack,
though they do so at a -2 on their Stamina roll.

Ieshould be noted, however hat even mortals with-
‘ut proper tring ci awaken jae to this purpose with
prayer and meditation. Jade has long been a source of
protection from evil spirits and while the hen can hide
within husnan bodies, ehey are sil spirits all dhe same:

"The hen chemselves often use jade co gather Yugen,
and jadeisconsidered preciousanilsueredby the hsen jade
isa part of the Ten Thousand Things, ad to the bien its
an important gift from P'an Kus a part of the Auguse
Personage of Jade's very body, which he left for all to find
and use when he began the Second Age.

stroyed. Even the hsien agree with this philosophy, as several of
them have been captured and never encountered again.

‘The weapons of Strike Force Zero are powerful indeed, and.
‘many are specifically designed for encounters with shen. Worse
still, itis rare to encounter a Strike Team that doesn't bring
along more powerful weapons than the last group, atleast if the
rumors about them are true.


pay youa visit.
he brews will be

au leader, on the Shih.

and they have a k nding tradition
th only very these mortals
poverty and of ygerously close
are far more ac

osing groups of
fai. They
cont least
ers easily into
themselves scarce
when a Shih warrior is known to be in the area

ire, oF w interfer
ly acceptance that th

reason, and there-

itselfanenemy

is concept, but

ofbeating the snot

Propershen decorum: thatunknown shen
peace co pursue th f

There are still biases, ly walk upand
ing with anor out of the
t ignoring

at least in public

eyokai

cousins, ane some would say ther punishment from
svasless extreme than our own, buat least they can

Chapeer Two:


‘move through the Heavens. consider them friends and allies, except
when they feel the need to attack those under my protection.
— YeeCho,suijen kamuii on che subject ofthe hengeyokai
The hengeyokai generally get along with the hsien, though
there are occasional skiemishes. Most often, the fights start as
simple misunderstandings, but some of the hengeyokai almost
seem to thrive on conflicts with the Daityas, though they fail to.
explain why. This is a two-way street, especially when the
Shinma eel that thebengeyokaihave unfairly attacked amortal
and se¢

toavenge the deceased.

Craichs

There | was, minding my own business, when the previous
inkabitancoj thisform decided o make herselflonown tome. [wasjust
looking in the mirror, brushing my hair and preparing or che day when
slightly wider version of my face suddenly appeared. She accused me
cof mardering her and swore she would have her revenge against me.
Then she disappeared. I never even had time to point out thar I've at
least gotten her boy into decent physical condition

— Yi Mai Ling, nyan, on the subject of the Restless Dead.

\Wraithsare problem formany ofthe sien, and one that they
admit is partially justifiable, but completely unfair. The kun shou
places a hsien where it will, and that normally means within the
body of someone in the process of dying, or into a body that has just
ceased living. The hsien don't have any control over these choices,
though some claim th cd to influence exactly where
they are placed when the rebirth takes place. The exception here
is the Kura Sau, who are given the bodies of ritually murdered
vietims to inhabie. The Daityas and Shinma go where they ate
allowed to go, not where they choose. This distinction is often lost
onthe ghosts of their bodies' former inhabitants, and thatcauses no
end of grief for many of the hsien. In some cases the newly reborn,
even manage to feel some guilt over the matter, but not very often.

Wraiths can makea point of haunting ahsien, and in worst-
case scenarios are spiritually connected to the body the Asien
now inhabits. Wraiths require fetcers to puill themselves from
the Yellow Springs co the Middle Kingdom. In some cases theie
physical forms are also their fecters. This seldom leads to a
peaceful existence forthe hsien stuck in such predicaments, and
often leads to the recently reborn doing the bidding of the
recently deceased in order to have any peace at all. Many of che
Asien who choose to keep close ties with their host body's
families do so as a result of pressure from beyond the grave.
Honor dictates that the hsien remain fairly civil to the departed
as a way of respecting the lie given over during the kun shou.
Very few of the fights between the hsien and the Dead are started
by the hsien, but there are known exceptions.

Onrare occasions, the wraiths haveeven managed to forcebsien
outoftheirbodies. In every known situation where thishas occurred,
the body died itnmediately, only to rise 45 days later as a Kuei-jin.

Kaei-jin
‘These arrogant bastards have done nothing but make our lives

‘more difficule"" True, but we must accept the punishments of the
Auugust Personage. We are at leat partially co blame for the situation

Land of Eight Dillion Drei

Ro La x

we are now in, and only by working toward the Age of Joy can we
reverse the dilemma. What? No, we do not have to lke the Kuei-in
That's nat what I'm saying ar all. Personally I think they should all
be destroyed. I'm merely saying we must face the mistakes we have
sade and lear from them. Blaming the Kuei-jin for out current
situation is wrong.
u, the Komoku guardian of the Library of Earth, in
discussion about the Tao Te Hsien
The Kuei-jn are, in many ways, che progenitors of every
thing that went wrong for the Asien, If not for their follies, the
August Personage of Jade would noc have been obligated to
punish the hsien, because the Asien would not have hecome
involved in the uffirsof mortals, Forthatreason there isastrong
resentmentof the Kuei-jin, and that bittemess is often returned
by the older Cathayans who recall the Fourth Age clear
‘Making matters worse isthe fact that some of the Kuei-jin
feel it's perfectly fine to consume the Chi of the hsien, and are
directly responsible for the deaths of many sien hefore they
learned to hide themselves in human form. Ifnot for the actions
of the fallen Wan Xian, the hsien would likely be a great deal
more powerful chan chey are now. Many of the hsten lost Chi
during the carly parts of the Fourth Age, and that Chi was lost
forever. Even among the Shinma, who accept the punishments
of P'An Ku as just, the resentment coward the Kuei-jin is very
strong. While an encounter with Cathayans is not automati-
cally a guarantee of combat, it comes pretty close.
Fortheirpart, the Kuei-jin have rules against feedingon the
hsien. The effects of cating the Chi of the hsien are often
detcimental to the mental health, Aside from this law, they do
their best to avoid the kamuit and che hirayanu alike. The
Shinma reciprocate whenever possible, though some tend to
make hunting down young Kuei-jin a favorite sport, especially
if mortals have been praying for deliverance from evil spirits.
‘The Daityas are not so kind. Lost to Heaven and the Ten
Thousand Hells alike, they cake their imprisonment in the
Middle Kingdom very personally indeed. While they seldom go
utof their way toencounter the Cathayans, those whofind them
often tend to call others together and make their own dark
celebrationsover the ruined remains of thefallen Wan Xian. This
activity has done nothing to help calm the already strained
relations between the two species of shen. Those Kuei-jin who
follow the Dharmas ofthe Howl of the Devil Tigerand the Dance
of the Thrashing Dragon are considered fair game by the Daityas,
especially if they work their will upon the mortals too often.
‘The KuraSaulock upon Cathayansasalliesas often asnot doing
all they can to recruit the young Kueijin for the Yamna Kings. Those
they cannot comupt are of no significance, and are usally ignored.

Chin Ta

The Lightning People areas crazy as Hanuman. Putin the same
sitwation as the Monkey King, they would likely ery to steal the August
Personage's robes to wear and leave the Peaches of Immortality
unmolested. The robes would make « better status symbal,

— Lu Shin Lo,
suijen ata dragon nest.

ityas Deng-jin, while talking with a


‘The mages, also called the "Lightning People" are enigmas
to the hsien. Though they seck Enlightenment, these sorcerers
normally fil to remain humble. Though they have power, the
chi'n taoften fail to use their abilities for any reason that makes
sense, and though they are able to touch the Heavens, most
seem too unstable to be anything but demons. The chi'n ta are
aparadox, and one that normally makes the hsien in general igh
and shake their heads. Surely any mortal who can so easily
change the world to their whims must be close to reaching
Immortality, yt instead of concentrating on this mostrespected
of goals, they tum and squabble among themselves with a
ridiculous ferocity.

‘That they are worthy of respect is obvious, but that they
then demand such respect rather than merely allowing their
dues to come in their own time proves they are not yet as
Enlightened as they first seem.

The Kura Sau, as always, do their bese to corupe the
powerful mortals for the Yama Kings, but they tread very
carefully, knowing full well the power of the Lightning People.
‘The Daityas and Shinma gree that takingeach, san individual
is the best way to deal with the chi'n ta,

The Zaibatsu, also called the Five Metal Dragons, is a
different sort of beast altogether. There are few among the hsien
who like the notions of the Zaibatsu. If the Technocracy mages
have their way, there will be no nced of eligion, no need for the
spirits and little cause for celebration. The Asien, in general,
dislike the Zaibatsu, and the Shinma look upon them as agents
of the Age of Sorrow. Though they do their best to watch over
the technological wizards, they seldom intervene with their
actions, understanding that doing so without cause isto invite
the wrath of the Celestial Court. Ofcourse, should they be given.
a reason, absolutely horrible things could happen to every
building where the Zaibatsu are known to hide.

Waigoren

They are aorogant, insufferable and stranger than I can express
‘with words. And you know how [love total. If they leave even me
speechless, there is most definitely something to worry about.

— Siu Lee Kwang, hanuman, in a discussion of the chang-
ing face of Asia's larger cities.

Waigoren is a catchall phrase of the hsien. It covers every-
thing rom humans to the shen of he West. The hsien, much like
the mortals around them, tolerate the foreigners, bt that is all.
Asia as a whole is not a place that openly embraces change,
specially if that change comes from another land. Many in
China and Japan consider the westerners who come to their
lands as the root of all evil, but many more simply don't
understand the strangers to their land. In China and Korea
alike, ic is considered less rude to completely ignore a stranger
than to communicate with them, Communication could lead to
misunderstanding, and that, in tur, could lead to conflict. To
many Westerners this comes across as arrogance, when, in fact,
it is merely proper manners.

There is a good deal of xenophobia in Asia. Many blame
the Western influences for every sin imaginable, whether or
not the West is responsible in reality. Sounds rude? Well, same
hhas been true in the West from time to time, like when
virtually every Japanese-American citizen was locked into
detainment centers and had their properties taken away from
them during World War Two. That which is steange is seldom
easily accepted,

‘The same tenet isall buta part ofthe Asien outlook when it
‘comes to the Waigoren shen. The Changing Breeds of the West
are less likely to tolerate each other, and often view the shen
native to the East as threats, even when nothing has occurred
which should alarm them. The Kin-jin are strangely morose as
often as not, and tend to meddle where they simply do not
belong. They are rude and almost blatantly manipulative, and
they are — if the Kuei-jn can be believed on this affair — all
descended froma murderous farmer who killed his own brother.
Not a very prestigious origin of the species, and nothing to
redeem them in the eyes of the hsien. Many of the hsien have
already encountered at least afew of the Waigoren wraiths, and
have generally agreed that they are as strange as their living
counterparts. At least very few hsien have ever been born into
foreign bodies —an embarrassing predicament at best, adisaster

of epic proportions in some cases— which means few hav
been haunted by the ghosts of the West.

The hsien look upon Western mayes as more extreme
‘examples of the very behavior they frown upon in the chi'n ta,
and do all they can to avaid contact with them, justin case the
rudemanners might be catching. They ate, however, constantly
amused and guardedly optimistic about the Western examples
ofthe Akashic Brotherhood. Perhaps there is hope for them yet.
Tocounteract this optimism, they have their own Zaibatsu with
intentions ustas dark and extreme as those of the Technocracy
mages in the East. Few have forgotten the events that occurred
in Nagasaki and Hiroshima, and most of the hsien tend to look
toward the Waigoren Technacracy as the architects of those
dreadful explosions

Then there are the Kithain, who believe they have a
connection to the Asien, for reasons the hsien don't quite
understand. While they are fascinating, and usually courteous
for Waigoren, they are a litele unsettling to be around for long
periods of time. Their fascination with Xi Wang Chi is un-
usual, and they actually seem to physically change when they
enter the place they call the Dreaming. Still, hey are interest
ing traveling companions upon occasion, and they tell fabu-
ous stories

ver

Overall, the Waigoren are simply considered very strange
and left in peace, so long as they remember their place and
remember not to walk where they are not wanted. Those who
fail to leave alone what they should not touch are quickly
reminded that they are tolerated, not welcomed by the shen in
general. The hsien are among those who are particularly enthu-
siastic about teaching the foolish the error of their ways.



SS

By copying, the ancient models shoud be perpetuated
—Hhich Ho, Notes Conceming the Clasficaton of OU Bains

‘The Shinma differ greatly from their Kithain cousins in the
ather than creatures born of mortal dreams, the hsien are

ike on the forms of human beings. The Shinma don't
lc from Banality, but to lear more about the Middle

Yin,Yangand ©
st the greed of

fre exposed to?
if posible


%

example, if the nyan Ming-yeh dies, her spirit escapes her
old body and looks nearby for another. Obviously, her first
choice would be a young, attractive person, since nyan.
thrive on social contact. When she finds what she wants
(possibly a young child who is dying before her time) the
spirit of Ming-yeh moves into the child's body as the soul
flees; then, the nyan gets on with life, albeit with the
restrictions of her new human form. This practice is even
used with babes in the womb, young persons killed in
accidents or, occasionally, a venerable dying grandmother.
Over time, the human fig ay take on some minor
physical aspects associated with the particular kwannon-
jin; a chu jung's human body, for example, may develop
slight red highlights in the hair. A Shinma who enters a
child's body is called a hsien-tsu, while those hsien who
inhabit adult bodies are hsien-jin, A hsien keeps this status all
through her life; for example, if born as a Asien-tsu, she
doesn't become a hsien-jin upon turning 15.

The upshot of the hsien's body snatching is that "won-
drous recoveries" occur from time to time. Maybe Aunty
Woo didn't die in the train wreck; miraculously, she sur-
vived, but then left Uncle Hou and their children! More
than one happy partner has had a wife or husband suffer a
near-death experience only to undergo a total personality

Land of Gighe CDittion Dreams

shift and leave home. One of the sadder aspects of Shinma
after all, they're

existence is that none can bear ch
spirits in once-dead bodies. Some pes:
phers have suggested that there are a finite number of
Shinma spirits, and all of them must pass through a thousand
lifetimes before any can be welcomed back to the spirit
worlds.

Is ic possible for a more ruthless Shinma to purposely
prepare a certain body for habitation? Yes, but chese shen never
discuss this foul practice openly. Such wanton murder is against
the Mandate of Heaven; in truth, it does occur. Shu Shen in
particular aren't above taking a body by force and removing the
soul before its time

So the human body is just a convenient shell or illusion
for the Shinma to use when dealing with mortals. Few hsien

have clear memories of their previous incarnations; their
habitation of a human body seems to muddle memories.
With some difficulty, Shinma can use Wu Tan while in
hotei form, though specific kwannon-jin powers are only
accessible in wani form. Shinma in all forms are subject to
Lucks and Curses. Lucks are beneficial minor powers or
abilities, while Curses are limitations, usually affecting per-
sonality or free will. Shifting into mortal aspect from wani
form (or animal form for hirayanu) costs one Yugen. While


%)

in hotei or animal form, Shinma are hard to pick out of a ety Merits and Flaws to reflect co}
crowd, even for shen who know what they're looking for; any Additionally, players will note dl
being other than another Shinma is ata +2 difficulty for all less expensive for hsien-tsu tha
types of Perception or detection rolls. Four.)

or Alchemy are (P
(See Chapter

Hasicn- Tsu Heien-Jin

A Shinma who inhabits a body while it is a
young child, from birch to about 15 years of age
hsien-tsu. This hsien grows up with all che cc
benefits of human society, though he won't real
I years have passed. These bei
ous for their age, and for some

A hsien who inhabits the body of an adult, someone
over the age of 15, is called a hsien-jin. 1
d_ break off the human contacts of their new bod

Shinma uni
usually quit
more hirayanu than kamuii are reborn as hsie
of hsien-tsu often find their children t

ached and self- tals may not understand the dr
tohaveabevy taking place in their relatives
Jose friends, When hsien-tsu reach

absorbed, Some are foners while othe

of acquaintances

leave home in scarch of other jin, and as a tule, they are much more serious,
steadfast than the hsien-tsu

Players of hsien-jim who wish their characters to main
tain the
v up, hsien-tsw are much more Contac
cedictable than hsien-jin, the to ques
child woul
Players of hsien-tsu characters should plan on spending will also n

ies of their new body should p
uund. The tradeoff is that no one
dult wandering around alone,
ent back home in short order. Players

friend. Even when they g
capricious, playful and_u
Shinma who manifest in a

thai
less chan for hsien-tsu characters; this reflects the time

for Aceribures and Abilities are

points an Backgrounds such as Contacts and Mortal Soci-


The CDask
While in wani form, all Shinma have a fearsome
power called the Mask of Shintai, or Mask of the God-
Body. As a general rule, the hsien call on this ability
only when extremely angered or when the occasion
calls for an all-out show of force — bluff or not. When
using the Mask of Shintai, hirayanu become twisted
and horrible, while the kamuii appear too awesome and
magnificent to behold. Any unusual features become
exaggerated, and with the hirayanu, this hyperbole
extends into the grotesque. A fuhsi's fangs grow longer,
dripping poison, and her scales became more pro-
nounced and jagged; witnesses flee for their lives. The
Kamuii hou-chi radiates power and authority. His skin
hardens and glistens like polished mahogany, and his
green eyes flash with ancient wisdom, daring anyone to
defy his might. Think of kamuii donning the Mask of,
Shintai in the same fashion asa furious sidhe invoking

the Dragon's Ire, Both are resolute and terrifying,

causing beholders to bend in complete supplication.
System: The Shinma decides how many points of

Yugen he wants to spend on the Mask of Shintai effect.

of Shincai

Then, all beings present must make a Willpower roll,
difficulty 7 for mortals, 6 for shen and 5 for other hsien.
Success must equal or exceed the amount of Yugen
invested by the Shinma on the effect. Those who fail to
achieve enough successes either flee in panic from the
dread hirayanu or kowtow to the mighty kamuii. The
effect lasts for a number of turns equal to the difference
between the number of Yugen spent by the Shinma and
the number of successes of the witness.

Example: Chung the chu-th-yu kamuii gets angry at
Sungyo the hanumen and dons the Mask of Shintai to
scare the silly hirayanu, Chung spends four points of
Yugen on the effect; since Sungyo isa hsien, the difficulty
of her Willpower roll is 5. Poor Sungyo's player has only
four dice to roll for Willpower, and she gets only three
successes. Since Chung devoted four points of Yugen on
his effect, Sungyo will kowtow for one turn, Maybe she'll
know better next time,

In dragon nests, the unfortunate targets of this
power must get two successes for every point of Yugen
spent by the user to resist the Mask of Shinai.

the adults have spent learning various trades and life
skills. (See Chapter Four.)

The Wani: True Forms

‘The Shinma are not caught between the mortal world
and the Dreaming as the Kithain; when they drop their
human illusion and become visible as their fae selves, a
form called wani, they are wholly magical beings. As wani,
the hsien can use Wu Tan, their magical arts, much more
readily. The drawback is that when a hsien manifests in his
wani form, or when he uses Wu Tan, anyone can see hitn.
Consequently, it's a serious matter indeed when a wani
appears; it's a bad idea for Shinma to take this form in plain
sight unless circumstances are dire. Most hsien have learned
the value of Pakua. (See Backgrounds in Chapter Four.)
This aptitude allows Shinma to avoid drawing attention,
unless they shift forms in public or fireblast the local fast-
food restaurant.

As wani, Shinma do have a number of special powers
according to their kwannon-jin. Most of the wani forms are
awe-inspiring, if not completely frightening. Shifting to
wani form costs one Yugen, as does shifting back to human
shape from wani. For hirayanu, shifting back and forth from
wani Co animal form also costs one Yugen.

Animals (Hirayanu Onty)

In addition to wani and hotei forms, hirayanu can also
take the shape of animals and communicate with others of

60

Land of Eight CDittion Dreams

their kind, according to their kwannon-jin. Nyan transform
into cats, tanuki into badgers, fu hsi into serpents, heng po
into fish and hanumen into monkeys. (For details on animal
statistics, see Chapter Six.) These animal forms don't
acquire additional powers or abilities; physically, they're
just normal snakes or fish, though the hirayanu do retain
their mental Attributes, Lucks and Curses in the animal
form. In other words, a wise hirayanu won't turn into a carp
and dive into the Yangtze when the fisherfolk are casting
their nets. It costs one Yugen for a hirayanu to shift co
animal form, whether he's changing from wani or hotei
form.

Onrganizacion

Each kwannon-jin is detailed in the following manner.
Hirayana are detailed fist, fllowed by kammui.

Name and Pronunciation: What the kwannon-jin is
called and how the name is pronounced. Please note that
Chinese and Japanese are extremely complex languages
with many dialects and linguistic conventions. These are
common pronunciations, subject to regional inflections and
moet

General Description: What che kwannon-jin is like
in terms of temperament, goals, lifestyle, history and
outlook.

Appearance: General tendencies of appearance in wani
formand with the Mask of Shintai for both kamuii and hirayanu,
and animal form for hirayanu,



Foo-hisee)

The serpent hirayanu are unfailingly wise,
mysterio they have a calm
\t deal of time in

couples will often ask the fuhsiforenlighten-
Is, or advice on

zes, Most fu hsi practice

which other Shinma con-

‘A member of this

ayood courtadvisor

fu bsi love to

vice. Whatever the tales of legend
remain the consummate det

it, ignoring food, sleep and even the pray
ually, mate or comrade will have toring
the erranchsien back tohissenseswith sharp

_ words or a cold bucket of water.

BY

y jim are quick-witced and


EB AD) roll Stamina (difficulty 6) co resist the effects, which becomes
‘more difficult (+1) each time the fu hsi bites the target. If the
victim fails to resist, he is helpless for one hour per point of
damage inflicted.

Concepts: Court advisor, police detective, private investi-
gator, psychologist, teacher

Merits and Flaws: Concentration, Curiosity.

‘Lo Shu

Hsien-jin fu hs also value solitude, though they are genu-
inely devoted to their chosen mates and loyal to their sponsors
and mentors. Many members of this kwannon-jin join the
fice of « kamuiior bigher-ranking fu hsi as advisors
ators or administrators. Others live quietly in wooded retreats
until they are called to service.

mber of fu hsi gravitate to the Xian
went and understanding of the Tao Te
Hsien. Many others prefer sharing their wisdom and blessings
with those in the local area; these fu hsi are part of the Wu
Hsien majority. A scant few have joined with the Li Shen and
spend their time thinking about the right order of nature.

The fu hst in wané form have serpent bodies
fom the waist down, with glieering scales in rainbow colors
Above the waist, they appear somewhat more buman, albeit
with extremely long hair and short fangs. Males usually wear
queue, along single braid, while females shape eheir hair into
elaborate fans or decorate their tresses with jeweled cauls and
pins. For both sexes, the nails tend ta be lang and sharp, and
the skin is faintly green in tint, Fuhsi can turn intoany serpent
of their choosing, but often pick the forms of bous or pythons,
both of which have habirats in China. When the gentle fu hsi
choose to weut the Mask of Shintai, they become the creatures
of nightmares. The short fangs geow several inches, dripping
black venom, while the bright scales darken and became
jagged and rough. The fu hss claws tum geven as rotting meat,
and the long tresses tighten into snaky dreadlocks that twist
and contract of the own accord. The hirayanu's neck swells
and geows while che cail thrashes angrily, threatening to kash
anyone who comes too close

Kwannon-jin Fortune: Wood

Luck: Master sages, the fu hsi may ackl +2 to Wits rolls

Quote: "No, no, no! He is not the one for you! When will

you learn to listen to the wisdom of Auntie Yuk, my chil

fairjudgmencon their tongues, butdo they truly strike with
justice? What is the sound of chu-ih-yu's compassion'
‘Chu Jung— Their heartsare asa fiery forge, yetabsent
are the cool waters to still the furnace's rage. How long can
it bum without vanishing into the night?
Hou-chi — These kamuii are our most cherished
mentors and friends. We share their love of places alive

with the heartbeats of life.

Kemuko — They have solved cheir mysteries and
achieved an honorable stare of existence. Are they bored by

the balance they have found?

Suijen — Their words are lovely and fluid, yet their

hea
others deprives them of selé-understanding
Hanumen — They have so much to teach usall and so

s can be hallow and lonely, Too much attention to

such yet to lean on their journeys. How can we share out
love of lore with thes

impetuous and delightful fol

Heng Po — Listen for the waves on a summer' night;
those are the never-ceasing whispers of the heng po. When
will the water's childeen learn co hear their own words?

‘Nyan— Their journeyhasnot yet begun though their
feet move far ahead of the music in the sacred dance. If they
do not stop and listen, they will forever be apart from che
beat.

Tanuki — They are always steadfast and will never
stop in their quests. Theie tenacity is worthy of respect
though their too-fierce natures are regrettable.

Waigoren — These wondrous creatures have quests
and dutieslike our own, buctheir greed isterrible to behold.
ill they lec it consume them before achieving enlighte
] mene? How can we teach them wisdom when they come to
) our ancient land?

he fubsifind enigmassoenticing thar chey may lose
track of time and other responsibilities. The difficulty of Will:

power rols to resist total involvement in a mystery or puzzle is 8.
of the fu hsi are extremely tough,
2 toall soak rolls. Fuhsican alsostrike opponents
p talons (Strength + 1) or use their fangs to rend
fength + 2) in close combat. Finally, these hsien can
<aparalyzing poison iftheir bite is successful victim must


Hanumen

(hahn-you-men)

The hanumen are constant jest-
ers, a force of undisciplined, random

ingunderstandingthrough thetam-
ing of their restless minds by disci-
pline. Each hanumen, of course, is
atadifferent pointon this journey;
some have found more enlighten-

ment than others. In other words,
the vast majority ofhanumen havea
Tong way to go.
Hanumen occupy a strange
place in hsien society, They are
notclementalnobleslike the
tii, but hsien history is
filled with stories of mon-
key kings who have ruled
provinces and sacred
places. Their link with the
balanced element of earth
also grants themacertainsta-
tus. The upshot is that many
hirayanu treat the hanumen
as minor nobility while the
kamnuii look on them as dis:
tant cousins, a lietle closer
than other hirayanu, but
still progressingonapath
of understanding the
kamuii have already
trod. Some hsien say
thatthehanumencame
tothe Middle Kingdom
atestof the gods, who
would throw open the
gntestothe spirit worldsif
thecarthboundhsiencould
aid the monkeys in their
journey.

If that's the case, the hanumen are having &
good time trying the patience of their brethren. These

monkeyshave sassy personalitiesand will play
even the stuffiest kamuii, No one is spared thei

Land of Cight QDitlion Dreams

os
Ha

ighty trickson
wit. They

KG


1, but their moods tend tobe relatively
isshort-lived.

Hanumen hsien-tsu are an armload of trouble. They're
always climbing trees, rooftops and drainpipes. ‘Their tricky
waysstart early; fa hanumen youngster hasn't played a prank by
the time she's three, something's quite wrong. The:

dexterity. Despite these talents,
martial arts ordance, lacking the disci
by the rule

Hsien-jin aren't much herter. Theie jokes get more elabo:
rate and their sharp tongues become even more well honed.
Many like to hang around kamuii, hoping to play « great trick
fr else learn something about becoming more noble, They
have genuine respect for the komoku who share their rever-
ence for earth; these kamuii respond in kind by trying to help

Hanumen think the idea of sien society groups like the Li
Shen or Xian Mun. are quite funny. OF all the Shinma, they.
uphold strong beliefs in equality; anyone can laugh, ery or die,
right? If pressed to explain cheir polities, they will probably
explain thar chey are simply on a pach and consider any Asien
they mect along the way co be family.

Appearance: In wani form, these Shinma are a mix of
human und monkey, approximately the same height as in their
mortal form. The body is fur covered and has a long prehensile
tail, but che hands are dexrerous ancl capable of holding and
using delicate instruments. Hanumen love to wear exotic clothes
and gaudy jewelry in cheir wani forins; they tend to really stand
out in acrovid. As monkeys, mosthanumen appear as zibbons,,
which are roughly three feet tall; or macaques (such as the well-
known rhesus monkey), which is slightly less than two feet cal
Both types are narive to southeast Asia. As monkeys, hanuinen
will be prime specimens, with thick, luxurious fur, long ails and
well-developed hands and feet. The hanumnen who uses the
Mask of Shintat is frightening because she's both familiar and
bizare. Imagine a muscle-bound gibbon over six feet tall, with
aguping avy, sharp teeth and bulging goklen eyes. Ad
whiplike tailand bony protrusionsalong the:
ah men at her worst.

Kwannon-jin Fortu

Luck: The Laughing Gods have shown favor to the
hanumen, as long.as these nimble jesters choose to help others.
All hanumen may make a Charisma + Empathy roll at difficuley
4rosoothe the moods of other beings. This includes calming the
fiery tempers of chu jung, the rages of hengeyokai or even the

er occur. A
iyone angry being for every twosuccesses the

—thisistruly

arth

player rolls

Curse: 1 ; which can bea
problem, particularly i there's a need for ther

courteous. The difficulty of any Btiquette rolls orsimilar tests is

tobe polite and

raised by two,

‘Wani Powers: Hanumen automatically gain two extra lots
in Dexterity, evenif thisraises the Attribute overfive, These hsier
can alo use their prehensile tail to grasp objects: they aren't
skilled enough to wield sweordsand such with their tails, but these
limbs can be useful to throw bags of noodlesand liven up battles,

Concepts: Court jest
hopeful socialites

Merits dnd Flaws: Common Sense, Wyld Mind,

Quote: "What do you mean 1 wasn't invited? How could you
overlook someone as wonderfully entertainingasmy monkey sel"

; daredevil, entertainer, explorer,

Sersus, great monkey warrior, shakes h
and explains ic all:

Chu-ih-yu — Ooooh, I'mso scared. They think they
know what's best for everyone and will hack that up witha
sword. They've become the bullies they say they despise

Chu Jung — Don't let al their cules far proper living
feal you. Underneath those prim exteriors, they're more
mixed up and foul teanpered than we

Hou-chi —Thehou-chiarepatient and friendly sorts
But watch out; they xet realy irritated when we climb the
trees in their sacred groves and eat too many unripe
bananas.

Komuko — Of all kamu they are the kindest to us
and accept us for what we are. We want to please them, but
that's easier said than done,

jen— These old, unfeelinglot. Even
courbesttricksdon'eseem co ruffle them, which makes ustry
all che harder.

Fu Hsi— These snakes are nice enough, but they talk
too much, always wanting us to remember countless bits of
lore ancl such. When's school going to be over?

HengPo— Ifyouever lose something, chances are the
heng po have found it. The problem is, however, what |
they'll ask in return for your lose property.

Nyan
for those glowing
they're ready to pounce

Tanuki— They like to snacl and bite, but the baulyers
have much in comnion with us. Of all hsien, hey honestly

The cats aren't what they seem. Watch out

fou never hear the nyan until

appreciate our good sense of humnor-
Waigoren —
Western fa

You mean all chose old stories about
was just something
faybeit'stime

fona wild goose cha

to investigate'

Chapter Thrce: Shinma: Sprics of Dreams.


(heng-poe)

Thehengpo

are useful com-

cone whobuysinformationtrom,
the heng po

panions, but en: have somed
tirely unpredictable.
, they like helping people find

v've lost; on the other hand, it may

albeit un
of

\

of where to halt the hy
perbole and just how
rnuch people van af
ford co pay. Some-
times, their prices
don't make sense t0
anyone but

conflict o¢ dispute just for the fan of
rary. Otherheng po are social crea
tures who enjoy being in a crowd, Heng po
also have a repuration for righting an:
cient wrongs, but they usu fe

some sort
thekno

agood

thing makes sense, che more appeal
ing itis to the heng po.

Heng pohsien-tsuannoy theirpar
ents ro no end, They're always under-
footwantingattention, yetneverseem
tomake lastingaccomplishments that

‘mation as much as
random — junk.
They'll sell ru-
mors to any

‘one, provided ee? would please their parents. To make
the price is matters worse, these children are per-
right
Heng po,

petwal slobs and make mess after mess
without ever bothering to help clean

however, . up. Even more than the

have an
unfortu

average kid, a

nae) heng po will

nate ten- flit from
dency wen one in
broideronthe terest 10
truth. This another
isn't lying in and
their eyes, it's neverfine
making. stories ish any.
more interesting, thing he

listen he one

tothe talesjust because
they're told so well. Any

Land of Eight CDittion Dreams


they're good at water sports, such as fishing, sailing or swim-
ming. If nor harassed. a heng po child will ge
more fresh se

Hiensin heng po are slightly snore responsible. They
remain untidy social hutrerflies, but they will answer human

prayers and serve the kamuii well, though on their own time-
tables, of cours

lly provide
vod than a family could ever hope fo.

These older, wiser hirayanu will sometimes
id sailors just 10 see who can come up with
the most improbable stories. Heng po don't always wal
the victars in such contest
and talking

talk to fishermer

to them, the fun is in listening

Most hengpocount chemselves among the Wu Isien; they
als of enlightenment.
Self-interest is much mare theie kettle of fish. A few with close
ties to human friends and families join the Xian Mu, Overall,
these hirayanu are part of hsien society, but not really in it
They'd like ro become more prominent, but presently, they
aren't all hae well trusted

Appearance: These hirayanu are
from their kai

ly distinguishable
asonly the heng po!
and feet are webbe
color ranges from the deepest green to chartreuse. Male heng pe
have dropping whiskers thac give them a comical look. Noses
are blunt and the entire body is covered in thick scales; asa rule,
they wear little clothing. Most heng po like to take the animal
forms of carp, which can be up to four feet in length and weigh
as muchas 80 pounds. Others become sturgeons or more ra
Yangtze dolphins. When using the Mask of Shintai effect, the
male's whiskers became barbed; thedorsaland ankle finsofboth
sexes grow larger and are tipped with sharp spines, Skin color
deepens toa puce-green shade, and the heng po' lips swell and
curl into snecr. The eyes become more bulbousand glow with
an eerie purple light. The heng po looks much lik
bipedal sea monster when using this effect.
Kwannon-jin Fortune: Water
Luck: The heng po like to find lost items, valuable ot
inconsequential. They're nat sages like the fi hsi, but they do
X Heng po
receive a +2 dice on either Intelligence or Perception rolls
(whichever is most appropriate) when searching for something
that's been lost

Curse: Heng po are in no haste to do anything. While
they're quite interested in looking for lost things, their time is
their own. What's more, an impatient patron will cause them
to move even slower. Heng po must make a Willpower at
difficulty 8 to do anything in a hurey; this difficulty is 9 if

someone is rushing them along. Storytellers should note that

it takes about twice as long for a heng po to accomplish a task

Wani Powers: In wani forin, heng po can breathe water
like humans breathe air. Additionally, their scaly hides give

these hisien two extra dice ta all soak rolls

Concepts: Avenger of wrongs, professional storyteller,

sailor, socialite wanna be, starving Pl
Merits and Flaws: Compulsion, Eidetic Memory

Quote: "Are you back already to ask about that ¢
lost? Ir'sonly been two years! You must learn some p

Chu-ih-yu — These lofty crearures are so difficult to
understand. They ca ime and
) hae all theie ster

mands will avail them nothi

‘Chu Jung —Temper, remper! Ifyou wish to seach
jung fall into rage, ask one to retum in five years' time for
his lost trinket

Hou-chi — Their roots
waters, yet the hou-chi remain eniginatic. They ate slow
and steady we, but dell in light while we love the dark,
‘What else can we lear of them!

ind our fins touch the same

Komuko — Their bulance of perfection is enviable;
their preoccupation with higher matters of existence is not.
Shouldn't they be more atcuned to the needs of their fellow
Asien?

Suijen —Theits are the secrets of sacred places and
lolty palaces, but we have much in common with these
kkanuii, Will we one day inherit theie rewards?

Fu Hsi — Their knowledge is profound, but they see
so rigid and orderly. One would have a hard time finding
her way on a dark, unknown path.

These droll creatures must know more
than they're saying. What secrets do they keep hidden in
theie laughter?

Nyan

~ The cats can swim, but they know better
cers. On land, they can be amusing;
they well understand our perceptions of time and duty
idger folk have a numnber of inter-
ales toshare, if one can just get past that impossibly
crusty exterior

Waigoren — We have cause to be suspicious of these
‘Westemers called Kithain. Who are they? What do they
want? Have they come as friends or foes? We should not
greet them with open amis, but rather with nacroweyesand
cautious ears.


(neezahn)

Thecatsofthe hirayanuare highly
who particularly adore
ultey and sensual in mind

shallow, and they know at
Most yan don't even
¢- Those wha do f=
ten spend their whole

} lives
seni
lor; p
find what c
Like the beng po,
nyan don't really pay
muchattentiontothe pasige
cf time. Many would rather play
aroundwiththeirhuman riendsthan fetchandtote

forotherhsien. They'renot certain tocome through
pot, though ifthey de make a promise of
‘Iku theirbestto keepit. More thanjest
1s, kamu sometimes ask nyan to gather
intelligence. Irmay take some time, bucthe informa-
tion will usually be detailed and reliable. Nyan also
make good scouts, as they can travel almost any-
schere quietly and unseen.

Nyan hsien-tsu are di

Most nyan
ike to play
others. A parent

0 the Pekingnese may end up meetin;
jer than expected ifanyan
Asien-tsu is in the household.


As hsiencjin, nyan are a bit on the lazy side; they sleep late
and enjoy long naps in the warm afternoon sunshine. Neatly all
these hsien desire the finer things in life, such as elegant homes
and attractive clothes. Most enjoy a more nocturnal lifestyle
with plenty of opportunitie:
center of social whirls

co shine in public and he ar the

sand other Shinma.

appearances that count; they renotoverly faithfuland don't put
a lot of emotional stock in their mortal associates. Naturally
this can lead to a lot of trouble.

Nyan adore the intricate workings of sien society and show
reat interest in the various relationships between groups. Most
are involved with the Xian Mu or the Shu Shen; afewhomebod-
ies interact with che Wu Hsien. Few bother t join the Li Sher
Xian Mo or Yui warsand philosophy are hardly the nyans' strong
suit

Appearance: Ir'sa rare nyan that isn't physically attractive
in some fashion or another. Most usually have one outstanding
feature of beauty, such as lovely ey xt nose or luxurious
hair. These hsien are graceful and poised they're always impec-
cably groomed and tend to enjoy fine clothes and jewelry. As
wani, they growa tail, cat cars all claws. A fine fur, much

vet, covers their bodies. Wani nyan ate unmistakably
feline, but they certainly aren'tdeadlybunterslikethe hengeyokai
Khan. Nyan wear as little clothing as possible in this form. As
‘animals, they make take che form of any cat they wish; some
prefer the Chinese desert cat, which is about three feet long,
witha ruffed mane and long, striped tail, When angered enough
to use the Mask of Shinrai, nyan give the term "wild
meaning. Theie fur stands on end, making their bodies
twice their normal size. Claws and fangs extend, honed to razor
sharpness. Their eyes become enormous, the pupill narrawing to
ebonyslits, na matter what the level oflighting. A low, rumbling
purr sounds in their throats, a sound of barely repressed fury.
Even the most passionate cat lover will wane to flee in terror
from these beasts.

Kwannon-jin Fortune: Fire

Luck: Nyan like

friends and lov
rolls when on the prow for a good time.

Curse: Nyan can be neglectful of responsibilities, even if
their Shinma brethren are in dire need. A nyan must make a
Willpower roll at difficulty 8 to leave her lovers and friends to
answer duty's call

Wani Powers: The nyan have exceptionally keen senses.
‘They are also wonderfully agile and quick. Both Perception and

Dexterity increase byonedot when the nyan isinherwani form,
even if this raises the Atcribute above five. The nyan's small
claws inflict

Concepts: Actor, courtesan, dancer, fashion model, gam
Dler, investor.

rrenyeh + L damage.

+ Dark Secret, Surreal Beauty.
a 1g person? What would I possibly know
about such matters! So sorry, you have wasted time comi
see me, The least I could offer you isa nice dinner, yes?"

Xiu Mei, clad in rich purple and filled with many
fine delicacies, whispers her thoughts:
Chu-ih-yu — Unforgiving wretches, all of them, They
have no appreciation of anything joyful in life save blood
shed
Chu Jung — If you find one alone in the night, make
the most of the situation. W en drawn to the chu
jung, as one flame seeks another.
They ha
ng the ka

Hou-el e long been our friends
protectors
without price.
Komuko — While we respect these enlightened ones,
‘we must acimit tw boredom in their presence. How little chey
have in common with us poor, imbalanced fools
Sujjen — Their fins are deadly baths forever poised for
the kill, Beware of theic seemingly kind ways, for only ice
runs in their veins.
Fu Hsi — No shen are more skilled than these wise
serpentsar gleaningknowledge even from splincersof wood
a pierce your fur in search for
truths.

a merry bunch, but do
| they ever sleep? We could teach th ich about the
pleasures of dreaming in the warm sunshine

ighty packrats! They pay too much

attention to useless objects rather than valuable ones. We
could show them the difference, if we cated that much.

Tanuki— The worst of our kind on a rainy day isstill
cheerier than these plucky sourpusses. How can we speak to
them when they growl all rhe time! |

Waigoren—I meca man called Kithain once, What
fun! We danced, ate and played until dawn. They certainly
know what it means to show a lady a good time!


Tanuk

(ta-noo-kee)

1s for their sin-
istence. Ifan el-
emental noble entrusts a task to
they'll have no
IL be completed

cone of th
doubt
Ni

contin.

it hierarchy
exists; oder

us thing indeed.
nts to be singled out
or example of her
kwannon-jin.

Mose of these hirayanu.
= have gruff, even hostile,

demeanors.


eonly behavior. Their one humorous side is thac they love to play
tricks on unsuspecting victims, mortal an shen alike. Mostof these
Pranksate meant toentbarass others ormake them lookstupidthe
cold and lofty suijen are
vicious and dangerous, usually set in motion wo teach other Shinma
a lesson about making fun of che tanuli
Tanuki hsien-asw are often bull
and prove their worth i

favorite target, Other tricks are more

hey like to pick fights
it. Most don't have many
friends and spend their time wondering why no one likes them.
Parents find chat no matter how much they chastise these kids,
they keep getting into trouble, On the other hand, they're an
hhonestbunch; {questioned abourtheirmisbehavior. they won't
lie aboue it. A tanuki hsien-tse would rather accepe a stemn
punishment than cell a fib. Likewise, they are quite good about
fulfilling household duties and chores,

Hs ukiare lonersfor the most part although many
have at least one close friend or confidant. Their ferocity in
bartle nearly matches the cht -yu because, the kamuii,

the tanuki have no idea when co give up the fight. [fwhsien-jin
tanuiki has a soft spot, chough, i's helping out hutnans who've
been unjustly punished, blackmailed or extarted. Tanuki will
often answer their prayers andl seek to set wrongs to rights, and
ifthebumans'foesarea bunch of tough guys, somuch the berter!
Thetanukihave litle use forthe LiShen orXian Mo, viewing
the members as highbrowed snobs who like to contemplate their
navels. A few anore sinister badgers follow the Shu Shen, while
some simply consider themselves Wu Hsien. Mestly, though, the
tannuki laugh abour the sien societies and keep to theanselves,
Appearance: The ranuki are often stackyand thick-waisted
Their limbs are sturdy and strong, and their dark eyes are
piercing, Most have black hair, and a few have steeaks of white
near their temples. These hirayanu rarely stand more than five
feet tall and are muscled and stout, with sharp cla
Gray and black fur cover
form of clothing if possible. They look somewhat comical, like
bipedal badgers with human hands and feet, though only a foo!
laugh at them. In animal form, these Shinm:
the largest possible specimens of badgers, about three feet long,
including the tail, and weighing up £045 pounds. They have fur
onthe back and theirtailsare uray, while the legsand underbelly
are black. Elegant white stripes anark either side of the face.
‘When a tanuki invokes the Mask of Shintai, her snout and jaw
lengthen, allowing her sharp teeth to protrude. The hirayanu's
fur bristles like the quills of a porcupine, and hee talons grow
Jongee anu sharper. An angry tanuki 4s perpecually snarling,
standing ready ro claw anyone who comes too close,
Kwannon-jin Fortune: Metal
Luck: Strong willed and persistent, tanuki never want ta
iveup. Thedifficulty of their Willpower rolls involving tenac-
ity or resistance is lowered by 2.

Curse: The tanuki's stubborn streak often can overeule
their common sense. They muse make a Wits + Alertness roll,
difficuley 8, o realize that the fight is over, ot that diseretion in.
the form of retreat would be

Wani Powers: The tanul
to soak rolls. Their clawed hands inflict damage of Strength +

Additionally, the tanukiadd one extra dot to
ate above five.

‘stough furred hide adds twodice

Concepts: Beat cop, bodyguard, martial arts instructor,
8 and Flaws: Daredevil, Overconfident.

‘Quote: "I had him right in my hands! I would've pounded

that Kuei-jin bastard through the Earth's core to the USA ifyou

hadn't stopped me!"

wls and shows his teeth as he explains
workings af the would:

Chw-ih-yu
lenting critics, They have our extreme respect.

Chu Jung — Tactics are useful, but no substitute for
a skillful blade. Pethaps they'd do better as lovers than.
warriors afterall.

Hou-chi — They seem genuinely fond of us, though
we find their lofty ideals about nature and renewal pur
aling. Instead of talking so much about life, why not just
live ie?

Komuko — They are wise and kind, and ie is our
pleasure to serve them however we are able

Suijen
snobs, though if anybody can deliver a better cut with
‘words than we can, ic must be the suijen.

Fu Hsi — The fa hsi think they know everything
thereis to know, but how many have faced death while on,

‘They'te excellent in battle and unre~

Their chilly ways make them standoffish

a quest? Precious fev, I dace say.

Hanumen — The wiser ones tell amusing tales, but
the stupid ones have no idea when to shut up. Sometimes
Trhink a monkey tail would be a fitting trophy.

Heng Po
fighting style is even worse. They'll never be able to hurt
a thing with all that ridiculous flopping around.

Nyan — Another useless bunch, though they are
quick and deadly when they need to be. If they weren't so

maybe there would be hope for the nyan

Waigoren — Their warriors, | hear, are toughened
and hardy. I hear they know something af honor, even if
it'sinferior toourown. would ike rotestone in battleand
see what these Kithain creatures know of the

Their untidiness is revolting. Their



other unfair behavior will be quick to chide the offender,
backing up the point with a sword if necessary, He'll then
explain why the behavior was unjust, often tothe point ofboring
both victim and offender to extremes. The chu-ih-yu may then
set the parties up in some sort of contest, fait to both sides.
Chances are the offenders will comply, because only a fool
would ignore the fighting potential of the chu-ih-yu. Many are
skilled with Chinese swords, the darn-do or jien, while others
use the Japanese katana, polearms (tai-dao), chain whips (bian),
spears (chiang), halherds (zhi) or even the fearsome dragon
trident (gao loon cha). Most chu-ih-yu are proficient in several
weapons

‘Chuih-yu hsien-tu are che children most parents dream of
having. They're neat, precise and unfailingly well mannered.
‘They enjoy martial sports and always finish whac they start, such,
as school projects or household chores. What may get che young
chuih-yu in trouble is their craving for fairness. If they believe
they've been unjustly punished, chey'll ery to explain why they
don't deserve such discipline, which usually gets them into more
trouble. What puzzles many parents is that ifthe child thinks he
deservesmore punishment, he'llbe quick topointthisoutaswell.
As these hsien mature, they are eager to leave their childhood
hhomes and serve as administrators for higher-ranking Shinma,

Hsien jin chu-ih-yu are the etemal peacemakers. They're
always solving disputes and pointing out resolutions fair to all
sides. These Shinma sometimes overstep theit bounds, though,
by telling people more chan they want to hear about their
failings. [e's one thing to tell a fellow hsien that they made an.
unfair decision; i's quite another to spend an hour explaining
precisely where they went wrong and what they should do to
repair the error.

Many chu-ih-yu are Li Shen Traditionalists, appreciating
the order of nature. Some turn to the warlike Yui, enjoying the
role of knightly harbingers of justi

A silent few follow the
excessive goalsof the Shu Shen. Chwih-yuaremorerareumong
the Xian Mo, Xian Mun and Wu Hsien,

Appearance: Members of chis kwannon jin are tall and
imposing creatures with a proud bearing. In wani form, these
fain have silvery skin and solid-white glowing eyes. Their
features are sharply angular, with finely chiseled bone structure
in the cheeks, fingers and wrists. Haie is white and usually worn
long and loose among both males and females. They favor
simple garments and adornments that allow free movement in
battle, Needless to say, churih-yu always carry at least two
‘weapons, When using Mask of the Shincai, a chuih-yu's face is
frozen in a cold grimace. The body appears even more erect
while the long, silvery hair blows like a spider's web in an unseen
wind. The nails lengthen, and the whole effec is something like
that of an ancient skeletal warrior promising a reign of death on
any offenders
Kwannon-jin Fortune: Metal

They receivea +2 dice to Perception rolls when searching for lies.

cold assteel. They must make all Charisma rolls at +2 difficulty
when attempting to socialize with others.

soldiers, warrior priests.

stronger. To mete out justice isto be tempered in matters of life.
We do nor shiek from this duty."

juse
hear, nor the mind. Thi
endeavor to change.

matters other than joysof springtime, he may prove a trusted
friend and advisor. This, of course, isa difficule task.

their achievement of balance. Our relations are close, as the
‘metal that forms us rests in the heart of the earth.

brietle, They are content to play idly in their streams and
ponds, with never a care for anyone but themselves

their knowledge. Revere their words; each is like a precious
vein of silver running through dark stones.

tice and duty. Some say their laughter is worth gold, but | say |
itis like the willow's k

do, but their methods are devious and lack true understand
ing of justic

ideas that promote our friendship. Most spurn the notions of
justice we hold dear.

convictions even as we are. Their propensity for trickery is
uunfortunace, but they are the strong bases of iron among the
hirayanu,

laws, itis unlike
our lands should prove interesting, to say the least.

Luck : Chu-ih-yucan see the geometry of truth inal things.

Curse: Though fair, the hearts of the chu-ih-yuare often as

Concepts: Bodyguards, counselors, judges, martial artists,

Merits and Flaws: Bard's Tongue, Cade of Honor.
Quotes "As metal is bent, broken and folded, it becomes

ilver Autumn, forges words of wit
and wisdom:

Chu Jung — They understand the immutable laws of

. but choose t0 apply these only to situations of the

weakness the chu jung should

Hou-chi — If you can convince a hou-chi to speak on

Komuko — We respect the wisdom of the komuko and

Suijen

Like tainted jade, the suijen are weak and

Fu Hsi—The serpent foi possess. a bounty of wealth in

Hanumen — These crude monkeys know little of jus

scattered and empry.
‘The heng po revere harmony much as we

Heng Po

Many are untrustworthy and have no honor.

‘Nyan — Fickle, wasteful and lazy, these cats have few.

Tanuki — They are strong warriors, resolute in their

igoren — As these Kithain do not understand our
ey comprehend justice. Their coming to


Chu guns

(choozjung)

,  Likethechuib-yu,thechujung
like passing ju
they're certainly nor
rigid as the
The chu jung are
clined to

thema
in hen
if a chu j
precedent,
‘time and effore to m:

us
On the battlefield or in the
local court, the chu jung excel in
terms of strategy. TI
looking ahead and v
bilities. What's more,
* social situations; they're Ii
wich just about everyone. The keen pe
the chu jungis legend. They see with their eyes, but also,


la

with theirhearts. Itswisenevertomakeabetwithachujung - Wani Powers: Invulnerable to fire, magical or natural
‘on a game of mah jongg or the outcome of any war. (automatically soaks levels of damage equal to Stamina versus
‘The drawback to the chu jung is their fiery temper. They're

quick toanger, especially ifinsulted,andtheyneverholdbacktheic Concepts: Firefighter, politician, rabble rouser, tactician,
fary: More than oncea chu junghasstruck out in rage, only to later war counselor

regrethishasty action. Somechujungwhohavehurtotherhsimor Merits and Flaws: True Love, Vengeance.

even human guardians of hsien-tsi join the Xian Mo in hopes of ‘Quote: "I believe that one day you will pass through the
channeling their passions toward seeking enlightenment. many gates of understanding like rain through lotus petals, but

Chu junghsien-tsu are nosy creatures; they like overhearing
what adults say, then embarrassing thee elders at inauspicious
‘moments. These young Shinma are often wise and clever for
theirapparentages, though they're not above pitching fitswhen
they don't get their way. Youthful chu jung often excel at
children's games and tasks that involve memory and spurts of
energy. They're usually loving to their human parents and
remember them fondly even after passing intoadulthood, which
isan anomaly among the Shinma. Some hsien-tsu watch out for
their childhood guardians in their old age, sending friendly
hhirayanu to answer the humans' prayers.

for now, you must pay for the wager you lost."

‘Quon Sying, Bright Star, has a buming tongue
and speaks his mind

|} Chustheyu — They call themselves judges, yet they

| have no ears to hear the hidden words of hsien or human,

| How can such creatures have the courage to decide the
fates of others?

‘Hou-chi—Delicate isthe blossom that opens in the
| eastern wind. The hou-chi seem too removed from the
cares of mortals, too focusedon theirdutiesas guardians of
nature, This may haunt them.

Komuko — The komoku are blessed in many ways.
‘They understand desire and propriety, humility and pride.
‘They are the best among us, treading a path we should all
seek to follow.

Suijen — The suijen often try to make us bear the
brunt of their complicated plots. Fortunately, they are as
clear to us as an icy mountain stream.

Fu Hsi—The serpentsspin interesting tales, even if
they're long winded, Buttheir marriage advice istoo often
‘based on logic rather than passion. This seems a paradox
tous

Hanumen — Now these eaget litele monkeys know
\whatitmeansto truly live! Theirlaughterand enthusiasm
for the Ten Thousand Things is an example to us all.

Heng Po — The heng po are indeed clever; they are
valuable allies for those seeking lost people and things.
However, they have an unfortunate tendency to stretch
the truth too much.

Many hsien-jin among the chu jung also maintain contacts
with humans; they enjoy mimicking the personalities of theit
body's former soul after the kun shou. It's a fun test to see how
longthey can keep up the ruse. Hsien-jinchujungarealsoknown
4s passionate lovers and companions, despite theie harsh tem-
pers. They likewise make good war leaders, easily stirring up
battle fervor among a gathering of hsien. While they may lack
thenatural martial prowess of the chu-ih-yu, the chu jungatone
for their lack with endless enthusiasm.

Many chu jungare involvedin the Xian Mun, forthey often
have close worldly connections. A few fall even deeper into the
Middle Kingdom, joining the Shu Shen and pursuing their
passions and desires to dangerous excess. The Yui and Li Shen
also have a small number of devotees from the chu jung. Many
of these kamuii are involved in the Ministry of Fire (Hou Fu).

Appearance: As wani,a chu jung'sskin is fiery red, and her
head has a faint nimbus of orange around the long, dark hair.
The eyes blaze scarlet, either with anger or laughter. The chu
jung often are tall and graceful with long limbs. Their clothes
tend to be flowing, with orange, red and amber being favorite
colors, Females often wear elaborate gold mesh headdresses,
‘while males favor skullcaps. After donning the Mask of Shintai,
the skin of the chu jung darkens to an ominous crimson. The
fiery halo expands outward from the head to envelop the hsien's
entire body. Small licks of blue flame spout from under the
fingernails, a warning to the disobedient that their ives aresoon
tobe forfeit for any insolence.

Kwannon-jin Fortune: Fire

Luck: The chu jung'seyescan pierce thenight, the day and
the hearts of others; they gain a-1 difficulty to Perception rolls
involving vision or insight.

Curse: To avoid a fight after being insulted, the chu jung
must make a Willpower rol at difficulty 8. The chu jung have
hot, volatile tempers.

Nyan — These cats have no genuine regard for
anyone but themselves. Theit passion is commendable,
but they need to learn the fine art of subslety.

‘Tanuki— Some Shinma say we have sour attitudes;
1 suggest they go speak with the ranuki. At least our |
‘manners respect others. Tanuki rally have no respect for
anyone.

Waigoren — I hear tales that some of the Kithain
have passion to match our own. Will we befriend them or
treat them as rivals? Sooner than later, we will know.


(how-chee)

The peaceful and contempla-
tive hou-chi are lovers of nature.
Forces of lesser Yang, many are
sages and guardians of lif; all
) revere the east, springtime,
F thecolorgreen, goodnessand
renewal. A large number of
hou-chi work in the Ministry
of Wood (Lin Fu), while oth-
ers watch over nature pre-
serves, forests and even
humble gardeners in theit
greenhouses.

While usually gentle
and tranquilin nature, hou-
chi become furious when

their protectorates are dam-

aged by humans or other shen;
they seldom favor land develop-
ment in the name of progress.
They're not above violence if it's
needed to defend the people and
places they watch over. Atthe same
time, the hou-chi understand that
nothing lasts forever. They don't
stand in the way of death and muta~
bility ifit's part of a natural cycle of
renewal; government imposition is
anathema, but the oft tragic results
of floods, earthquakes and storms
are all quite acceptable

Hou-chi are intimately
attuned to the needs of ani-
mals, plants and trees. More
than other kamuii, they are
_ particularly close to the
@  hirayanu,often servingas
mencorsand patrons for
other hsien and show-
ing more leniency to
ward the hirayanu's
faults chan the chu-
ih-yu, for example. A
hou-chi will usually
~ take the hirayanu'sside in

a public argument, even if they secretly disagree; later in
private, chey might give the animal hsien a stern scolding.

Hsien-tsu of this kwannon-jin are impossible to keep in-
doors. They always want co be outside, playing with family pets
‘orwatching insects. Mosthaveadistinct bond with animalsand
ey to get their parents to take in every stray that comes along
Farming families who have hou-chi children will find that their
crops grow well and their lands are incredibly fertile. Youthful
‘members of this kwannon-jin enjoy hiking, tree climbingor any
type of sport thar keeps them out ofthe house; they rend to do
poorly at strategy games such as chess or mah-jongg.

Hou-chi sien-in generally have green thumbs; their homes
are full of chriving plants and probably several pets. They value
theie privacy, but generally welcome hirayanu or kamuii visitors
whowant olearn more aboutthe joysof the outdoors. Somehou-
chi know bies of lore about hengeyokai or spirits of nature, and
they/re usually willing to share this knowledge if respectfully
approached.

A surprisingly large number of hou-chi follow the paths of
the peasant Wu Hsien; to these kamuii, safeguarding nature
and the environment is much more important that seeking
enlightenment or fighting other shen. A few hou-chi pay close
attention to their mortal lives and join the Xian Mu; some like
the idea of making nature an orderly place and follow the Li
Shen,

Appearance: In wani form, hou-chi skin color ranges
from emerald to rich brown, Hair color is black, and the eyes
usually have a geeen light to them. Most hou-chi wani are tall
and slendet, with long limbs and flowing hair. In all forms,
they prefer simple dress favoring natural materials such as
raw silk, cotton of linen. When the Mask of Shincai is in
effect, a hou-chi's skin seems to harden and turn glossy, like
fine, luminescent mahogany. His voice becomes deep and
booming: arms and legs lengthen, giving height and reach:
The deep-set hazel eyes flash verdant fire down upon offend-
crs, and the air crackles with the scent of leaves after a hard
rain shower.

Kwannon-jin Fortune: Wood

Luck: All hou-chi understand the beauty and joy of life,
evenamong plantsand animals. When teying toassist an injured
plant or animal, including the hirayanu in their bestial forms, &
hou-chi may make a Charisma + Empathy roll, difficulty 4, to
case pain and suffering. The tangible effect is that his patient
takes one less wound penalty to her actions per success of the
hou-chi. This isquiteausefulskill whendealingwith hengeyokai
co certain spirits of nature.

‘Curse: Hou-chi are ill at ease when away from nature; they
generally avoid big cities and industrial centers. When duty

Sr)

requites that they visit such places, the hou-chi tend ¢ be
distracted and nervous. They niake all Wits rollsat-+ diffculey
when in such situations.

Wani Powers: The hou-chi's attunement to wood allows
them to automatically soak levels of damage equal to theit
Stamina versus wooden weapons (bats, clubs, bosticks andsoon)

Concepts: Botanist, naturalist, tree farmer, veterinacian,
wildlife biologist.

Merits and Flaws: Absent-Mindedl, Animal Magnetism.

Quotes "Which is more beautiful, the cricket or the lors?
Both know their business in the world, whether tochirp merrily for

From the root of a eypress tree, Quon Park
whispers words for growth and insight:
Chu-ih-yu — They are the strongest warriors, with
kcen blades and just minds. But beware the frost in herr
words lest it free:

Chu Jung — The chu jung's passions for all life is
commendable, as ae theiekeen insights. But one angered is
cause to make hasty retreat.

Komuko— These wisest of all kamuii have teue under-
standing of nature's cycles. They should take more time to |
savor the joys of spring! ||

Suijen — The suijen are fools. They reach eagerly for
all chat is dark, little realizing that they are shunning the
hight. |
Fu Hsi — Wise beyond all other hirayanu, the fu hsi |
have much to offer everyone if we will but listen co their soft |
voices. |

Hanumen — Litcle do they know how we secretly
[laugh at their many antics in our branches. To admit this,
though, would be to discourage their search for wisdom.

Heng Po — Like frogs, the heng po rarely know where
to jump next. Will icbe up the stream to enlightenment, ot
down the river to sorrow?

Nyan—These clevercatsace oft misunderstood. They
possess great beauty, love of lifeand a laughterall theirown.
‘We wish others could see this.

Tanuki — These hirayanu a
erustworthy and steadfast of all Sh
ship, and you will find yourself immeasurably rewarded.
Waigoren — We find i distressing that Westerners,
distant kin or not, will encroach on our lands. Do they know
how to care for our forests and animals? More likely, they
will destroy us

render heart.

¢ irrefutably the mose
ma. Give them friend

Chapzer Three: St

nma: Sprizs of Dreams


(koe=moo-koe)

* Wise and beneficent, the komuko are
powerful combinations of justice, mercy and
stability. Like the Earth, they are solid and
steadfast. Their hearts and minds revere
the concept of centrality, all the sea-
sons, the color yellowandabalance of
Yangand Yin, Many komuko work
as administrators in the Ministry
of Earth (Di Fu) or protecting
mines and mountainous area.
Mostotherhsientake the words
and directions of the komoku quite
seriously. These kamuii's praises are
inspiringand theiereprimandsgenu-
inely sorrowful, Even the most dis-
respectful hanumen or disdainful
ryan bows courteously to a chastis-
ing komuko. By contrast,
gf bsien'spublicpraiseofan ind
will raise chat person's status in.
others' eyes. The komuko seem

preternaturally aware of all chat
happens around them, for good or
ill. This is due to their own keen
senses as well as their willingness to
talk and listen to anyone, ftom the
¥ poorest human fishermen to the
most resplendent chu-ih-yu war |

On the other hand, listen-
ing is not always the same a5,
‘g) empathy and understanding, |
B Many komuko are so far re- |
‘mjoved from the daily trials of
existence that they can't see
the forest for the trees. They
> might listen attentively toan
inexperienced and troubled

Shinma and then propose aso-
ution to the person's problem
that is quite impossible. This isn't
because the komuko don't cate, but
rather because they are s0 idealistic
that they have trouble conceiving the
reality of day to day hardships. If Uncle Gan


needs a new fishing boat, for example, a komuko would encour-
age him to buy one by all means, not realising chat such devices,
costa great deal of money.

Komuko hsien-tsw are delightful; hey combine the natural
exuberance and capriciousness of youth with a strong streak of
practicality and obedience. These hsien are lovingand kind, but
sincere. They don't say things they think adults want to heat;
they seek co answer questions honestly but politely. Young
komulko are especially reverent to elders, humans and Shinma
alike. Ie' disconcertingto some adults that the komukohsien-ts1
seem r00 wise for theie years while appearing to be perfectly
normal human children. They enjoy games and sports that
require endurance and strength,

Ashsien-jin, komuko exhibit the same patterns of balance.
‘They are; - Pethaps more than any other
Asien they setgreatstore by keeping promises and falflling sworn
cluties. A komuko under an oath will doher utmost to satisfy the
bargain, or die trying. These Asien also are equally content in a
crowd or alone with the Earth on a mountain summit.

Komukoareheavily involved in the societies ofthe LiShen
and Xian Mo. They generally sigh and shake theit headsover the
antics of the Yui, Xian Mu and Shu Shen, Many komuko are on
close terms with the Wu Hsien, believing that their simple
lifestyles devored tothe landand people of the Middle Kingdom
reveal a path to enlightenment.

Appearance: Members of this kwannon-jin in wani form
have brownish-red or deep-amber skin and shining brown eyes.
Males wear a long queue and gold sklleap while females have

cautifully coifed braids with many gold pins and clasps. No
matrer what their form, komuko wear expensive embroidered
silks, preferring traditional dress such as yellow dragon robes for
‘court occasions. Only the mightiest shen could ignore an an-
gered komuko wearing the Mask of Shintai. The earth around
the komuko's body trembles, and her flesh glows with golden
light. Her voice echoes and resonates with command while her
eyes sparkle like yellow diamonds. The komuko appears to
double in height, towering over the disobedient likea mountain
over a lowly ant.

‘Kwannon-jin Fortune: Earth

Luck: Because they are creatures of balance, komuko have
a better understanding than most sien of imbalance in others
They may make all Shentao rolls with a bonus of +2 dice.

Curse: Komuko have forgotten tosomeextentthe struggles
‘of geeater Yangand Yin; they have lost couch with the negatives
and positives that often dictate other hsien's lives. All Empathy
rolls are made at difficulty 8 when they are trying to understand
and sympathize with other hsien's more extreme points of view:
Only the hanumen are unaffected by this Curse.

Wani Powers: Komuko cannot be hurt from falling or
impact with the earth; they automatically soaks levels of damage

€

oy

AY

equal to Staminaagainstthiskindof damage. They can combine
this power with a Dexterity + Athletics roll, difficulty 6, and
‘even jump from buildings up to three stories tall and land safely
on their feet.

Ys)

s and Flaws: Echoes, Perfect Balance.

Quote: "As the carth stands beneath our feet, so woo do we
serve as the pillar for enlightenment of our people. All under-
standing begins wich the sifting of sand through the finger.

Bo Lien, revered sage, speaks words from
the center of all things:
Chu-ih-yu — Every greac civilization hus its warriors,
and these are the best of the Shinma, If their blades were

tempered with mercy, though, it would not displease us.

‘Chu Jung — They have warm hearts and keen minds,
but cheicsouls are edged with a destroying fire. The chu jung
must take care not to be consumed in flames of their own
making

Hou-cl
jand the fores
nothing els

Suijen — Bite is the water of truth. Perhaps
there is much more to the barbed tongues of the suijen than
we may think.

Fu Hsi — Their knowledge is a treasure forall sien.
| However, the world is too much within them for their own,
ood; pethaps they should be cautious of this danger.

Hanumen — Those who laugh at the monkey laugh at
themselves. We are all monkeys in our own way. Therefore,
it is usually wise to laugh.

‘They are of one mind regarding the natures
Iris sometimes a sorrow that they think of

‘Heng Po — Have you lost your favorite trinket? Then |
seek the advice of aheng po. But have acare that you donot
Lose something else along the journey.

Nyan—Donot ler their asinessand carefree ways lure
you into underestimation of the nyan. Like all cats, they
Ihave a thousand secrets. |

‘Tanuki— If you wish for kind words, the tanuki have |
none. But if you need a warrior, here are soldiers who have
never failed in any test set for them.

Waigoren — We have known for some time about the
Kithain and wish nothing but goodwill toward these breth- |
ren. If there is imbalance in their hearts, perhaps we can |
show them a true path to wisdom, |


memberofthiskwannon-jin will
spend a great deal of time
learning about a poten-
3 e tial friend or foe, per-
while they also hapsseeming harsh
favor the northern dire
A) tion, the winter s
and the color bl
They are forces of
greater Yin, andmany

guardians - ee D ‘ decides to em-
ies of water a se % ref bark on a
mortalswhomaketheie | SS | friendship, it
living working the seas J , J * will be for many
and rivers \ | . lifetimes.

A suijen doesn't give ~ y a" Unfortu-
his faith easily to 4 > nately, most,
one, butonce granted, " Shinma mistrust
such confidence will yA the suijen on gen-

s rralprinciples,see-

J ing them as forces

ctrayed by the very ; % % of malignancy and
he trusts. Most L ‘% darkness. These kamuii
have a knack for getting em-

yo matter how inno-

centtheitintents. Theysim-

ply can't resist being

sossipmongersandrumor

mills, which often

‘ ‘ makesothersangryand

in anyone and a : : resentful. Granted,
quick to point out y 4 ~ many suijen secrets
faults and mis- i —~ "are crue, but what

tongue of a (U know of her meeting
harsh weapon, % dealings with a West-
slows

steps. The ? ‘ jen ee ; = hsien wants others 00
q

*hsien-tsu are
_ suallypolit,


but cold and formal. Ifparents expect proper behavior andstrict,

adherence to rules, these Shinma will thrive, bu if raised in a
chaotic, ill-mannered household, they will become a problem.
Young suijen are not above eavesdropping and collecting useful
rumors (0 later use against mortal parents. If, however, the
parents treat them well, even these cool, calculating Asien will
later remember their human guardians fondly.

As hsien jin, suijen spend much time with groups of hsien,
listening and watching everything around chem. Lacking the
keen perceptive sills ofthe chu jung, they don'talways discem.
what's really goingon, but chancesare,chey'll have the best dir.
‘on local Shinma politics. With each other, suijen manners are
formal with an air of sarcasm; to others, they seem a trifle on the
chilly side of polite. Despite their disdainful, haughty ways,
‘many suijen have surprised other hsien by becoming genuinely.
helpful companions.

Many suijen areattracted tothe goalsofthe LiShen and the
Ya. A few secretly embrace the ideals ofthe Xian Mun and even
the Shu Shen. Practically none are involved with the Wu Hsien
or the Xian Mo.

Appearance: Most suijen have green eyes, amber or blue
eyes, and blue-black hair, In wani form, the suijen's skin be-
comes scaly and takes on a bluish tinge. Hair is wom long and
loose in both males and females, with all sorts of baubles
‘entwined in their tresses, Suijen have gillslitson theirnecksand
slight webbing between theie fingers and toes that aid in swit
ming. Most of these Shinma like pearls of all colors and sizes in
their jewelry; favored colors of garments are emerald green and
indigo blue. The Mask of Shintai causes these Shinana to grow
taller; hair lengthens to the ankles while their skin becomes
darker, glowing with a deep azure light. Seales are more pro-
nounced, and all around the suijen is the sound of waves
crashing over rocks, with a tang of sea-salt in the air.

Kwannon-jin Fortune: Water

Luck: The suijen are always exceptional swimmers and
may take +2 dice to all rolls involving swimming or physical
activities in the water.

‘Curse: Suijen are often apathetic to others' needs and
feelings, habitually blurting out brutally honest comments.
They must make a successful Willpower roll at difficulty 8 to
avoid saying what they think, even if will cause another person
pain or anger.

Wani Powers: Suijen can breathe water like humans
breathe air. Likewise, uijen can't drown in water, though they
aren't invulnerable to other liquids. These hsien take no penal-
ties for combat or Perception rolls in water.

Concepts: Beach resort owner, court advisor, professional

scuba diver, swimming coach,
Merits and Flaws: Boon, Intolerance.

Quot

knowledge with me, for I know so little."

With a dragon's tongue, Jaw-long speaks honestly
toll who will listen:
‘Chu-ih-yu — They are britcle and will break before
they bend. How sad that their own rigid minds will evoke
their self-destruction.

Chu Jung—Inevery way, they are unlike us. Perhaps
for that reason, we find these lords of fire unusually
intriguing.

Hou-chi — They moan and groan abou the miserie
ofthe world, just like their precious treescreakin the wind.
How pathetic.
| Komuko—They wearthemantle oftheirpower well, |
but seem to have little appreciation for others on the
journey to balance.

Fu Hsi— The serpentis always coiled to strike, even
when it wears jeweled scales and speaks knowledgeable
words

Hanumen — A nuisance at best, a temptation to
commit murder at worst. We would all bethericherif these
silly imps would just go away.

Heng Po — These distant relations have their uses.
Many times, they have provided valuable information we
were unable or unwilling to find.

Nyan— If they padded quietly to the hell of burning
oll, we would shed few tears. As itis, they'te howling and
yyowling on the journey. So noisy.

‘Tanuki—These badgers work forlitelerewardand do
‘an excellent job. Ignore their foul words and black tem-
pers; they merely prefer fear to love. This is commendable.

‘Waigoren — Magical beings similar to us, you say?
Westerners? Thisseemsa wondrous opportunity, provided
we plan a strategy to use, 1 mean, welcome them to our

lands.

‘What an interesting view you have taken on this
matter. I had no idea you were so well-informed about the
‘workings of the shipping industry. Pray speak on and share yout



All mysteries are Tao, and Heaven is the mother:
She is the gateway and the womb-door.

—Tao Te Ching

The fest half of this chapter is a step-by-step listing of the
procedure for creating a hsien character. The second half details
the new and modified Al clvantages, Tempers, Merits
and Flaws, You can find: ot covered in Chapter Four
of Changeling: The Dr 115-169. Additionally, any
page numbers listed here refer to this rulebook.

Creacing a Hsien Character

Changeling players will soon notice many differences be-
tween creating a hsien and a Kithain, Most of the Trait descrip-
tions still apply, just change the words "fae" or "Kithain" to
"helen,"

Scep One: Character Concepe

Kun Shou: Hsien-csu or Hsien-jin?

Kun shou isthe process that hsien go through when they are
reborn into their new human shells. Hsien have two ways of
describing kun shou based on the age of theit human form and
the amount of time they have spent in it. Hsien-tsw is the name
they give themselves when they inhabit the bodies of babes ot
children and grow up as humans. Hsien jin is theit name if they
inhabit the form of an adult. In general, the hsien-jin have the
clearest memories of their supernatural nature, and the hsien-asw
are more human — both have advantages and disadvantages.

Chapeer Four: The Way

Ss

te

Sy
(S


A\) before they become aware that they are hsien, so hsien-tsi often,

develop stronger ties to humans than other Asien. While infi

nitely more connected to humanity, they are also keenly aware
of their separation from it. In some hsien-tsu, this realization
brings madness, despair, or a rejection of theie true place in the
Middle Kingdom. For some unknown reason, most hirayanu go
through kun shou as Asien-tsu.

Hien-jin inhabit the bodies of adults. They rarely begin
‘with many contactsin human society — they simply lack many
memories of the person whose body they inhabit. Most of the

e, the human whose body they occupy died an unnatural

Strangely, some hsien seem attracted toa body with the
3s purpose of righting its wrongful death.
Some hsien have strong missions in theit new life left
over froma previous incarnation. The hsien occupies the new
body out of desperation — usually when others murdered the
last form of the Asien in the same area. These hsien often
"haune" the place where cheie previous body died — seeking
clues to theie past life and its failed mission. Many kamuti are
Asien-jin.

System: Thischoice effects character creation in two ways.
First of all, a player of a hsien-tsu should spend poines on the
Contacts Background (Changeling, p. 147) and Mortal Society
Merits and Flaws, to reflect the character's ties to humanity
(Changeling, pp. 166-168). Hsien-jn, on the other hand, should
shun these in favor of high scores in the Remembrance Back-

ground — accentuating their separation from humanity and
their close connection to their past incarnations. (See the end
of this chapter.)

Allo, this effects the cost of improving Traits during char-
acter creation (Step Five). Hsien-jn will find purchasing At
tributes and Abilities less expensive than hsien-tsu. The hsien-
tsw often carry more of their alchemical knowledge over into
theirnew bodies. Therefore ahsien-tsu'scost for purchasing dots
in Alchemy is lower than the hsien-jn's price.

Kich: Nodle oz Commoner?
(One basic division remains in hsien socien

though i no
longer truly determines one's lot in life — the division between
the distant but noble kamuii and the agrarian yet humanistic
birayanu.

The traditional roles ofthe kamuil are those of the protec-
tor of nature and mystic places, and the arbiter of disputes
between the shen. The best of them are insigheful sages, noble
guardians and benevolent mandaeins

The hirayanu have stronger ties to nature and humanity
than the kamuii. While the nobles serve the Elements, they no
longer see the trees for the forest. The kamuii concern them:
selves with political power and their abstract understanding of
the Elements, itis che hirayanu that end up doing much of the
work. Hirayanu are the ones who complete quests (some given
by kamuii) and seek to bolster human faith by fulfilling human
prayers during festivals


‘The choice ofkith will leone ofthe most importantactors
in determining the personality of your character and how other
characters eact to him, Take your time.

Hsien Courts
Theorga

ion of hsien society is immeasurably complex.
The clash of pre-historic spiritual bureaucracies with the an-
cient and new human governments has fragmented their once
simple culture inte a miasma of fighting factions.

Each player should choose asingle courethatshe belongs toat
character creation, but itis perfectly possible to join another coure
orbreakafiliationsduringachronicle—alchoughamemberofthe
Li Shen would never admit being a Profane God too!

A brief description of each court follows, except for the
secret courts: the Shu Shen, Yellow Lotus and Mu Courts. They
are off limits for the purpose of character creation, although the
Storyteller may decide to change this. Much more extensive
discussions of the courts can be found in Chapter One.

+ The Traditionalists(LiShen, "The Ceremony Gods," The Fu)
hen embrace Confucian values. They divide them-
selves into bureaucracies: Ministry of Water (Shui Fu), Ministry
cof Earth (Di Fu), Ministry of Metals (Tieh Fu), Ministry of
Wood (Lin Fu), and Ministry of Fire (Hou Fu). They believe in
the Tao Te Hsien but their emphasis is upon the orderliness of
nature and how best to maintain it, not enlightenment of the
sel. The protection of nature concems them above al else.

Once the most powerful cour, the Ceremony Gods have lost
touch with the othershen, andl now look down theirnosesat them.
Due to this prejudice (and the many internecine struggles be-
tween the ministries) the Li Shen no longer do ther job very well

The Three Gonges Dam projectistheir greatestfailure. The
Ministry of Water is frantically trying stop this juggernaut, but
the crisis makes them even more introspective and paranoid.
They have vowed to unleash the Four Rivers Dragon if the
government completes the dam. All the othee hsien fear this.
The dragon's destruction of the dam will flood much of central
China, killing millions. Worse yet, many hsien fear the dragon's
rampage may herald the Sixth Age!

‘The Li Shen may not seem to be the most fun to play, but
the political struggles and their vast knowledge of the Elements
will acteace some players. The Li Shen are arguably the most
powerful group among the hsien, even if they don't get along
with the others very well. At best they rend to ignore the other
courts. Their numbers are entirely made up of karnci

+ The Quiet Ones (Xian Mo, "Immortal Magical Spirits")

‘These Xian Mo are mystics, strong believers in the Tao Te
Hsien. They believe that enlightened individuals can create a
perfect worldandreverse the tum ofthe Ages. Thisemphasison the
individual causes them coresist onder —they refuse even to classify
themselves asa court. Xian Mo is the name others give them.

‘The Quiet Ones gave the hsien hope, which most had given
up at the end of the Fourth Age after the rise of the Wall barred
them from the spirit worlds. Hanuman bought the Tao Te
Ching to a komuko sage in the Di Fu (Ministry of Earth). The
komuko resigned his position and retired co the mountains.

Eventually, his eachings lead tothe writings nowealled the Tao
Te Hsien, "The Way of Imminent Hsien Power." Its ardent
disciples now make up the Xian Mo, and their teachings have
led some to pass beyond the Wall

* The Classicists (Yi, "The Great Ten")

These Yi model themselves after the Ten Kings of Chinese
prehistory. (Heck, they probably were some of them!) The Yui
carved the Middle Kingdom into 10 mystic provinces, bur their
battles cause the borders to continually shift. They generally
support the Fu and their ministries — as long as they can play
them off one another and draw upon their calent. The Yiihave
hhoarded jade for centuries and still possess some of the most
potent jade artifacts. They also contral many dragon nests

Not all of the Ya are noble. Some are little more than
powerful warlords and criminals — controlling powerful tongs
and triads. These hsien go toe to toe with other shen who have
interests in the less savory business dealings of the Middle
Kingdom, such as Kuet-jin, Kindred, and others.

None of the other courts can afford to have bad relations
with the Ya, so in return they treat most of the others with
respect. The Mu Coutts and the Kuei-jin are their greatest foes
as will want to create Kung Fu Hsien knights
‘demon killers"). The appeal of the Yu to Change-
Ting players is automatic. Kamuii gravitate to positions of power
in che Great Ten, but many hirayanu serve them as important
advisors and even hirayanu "kings" are not unheard of

* The Worldly (Xian Mun — "The Immortal Society")

‘These hsien either reject their true natures, of ate more
concemed with their human lives. Some may use their powers
to promote other agendas, The best of the Xian Mun feel thae it
is possible to follow the Tao outside traditional hsien society.
The worst cate little for it

‘The Worldly regard members ofthe other courtsasdeluded
fools. Individuals play lip service (witha litcle cash and jade) to
the local ministries and Ya strongmen just to be lefe alone.

Many players may find this group the easiest to play. The
Xian Mun organize themselves using human models — any-
thing from families (like the Kuei-jin) to corporations. The
Xian Mun live in Hong Kong, Beijing, Tokyo and even in the
many"Chinatowns" that bless the great ities ofNorth America
and Europe. Due to the freedom offered in this faction, there are
probably more hirayanu than kamuti amongst the Xian Mun.

* The Peasants (Wu Hsien, "The Family of Hsien")

This is a catchall epithet for the vast majority of hsien
‘These Asien still live in small villages and have strong ties co the
land and local shrines. Some may have tight organizations, but
‘only ona local scale. Insular, they are only concerned with the
local people and the local environmenc.

There are undoubtedly more hirayanu than kamuii amongst
the Xian Mun. The Wu Hsien are often regarded as retainers of
both the Li Hisien and the Yui, but their crue loyalties lie with
their villages, shrines and local sites of natural beauty.

*# The Ambassadborsof Heaven (TuShin, "the GodsofHlarmeny")

While regarded by many of the Shinmaas sybarites, che Tu
Shen have the same goal as the Xian Mo, they just have a very

85

Chaprer Four: The Way

Ss


different path. These hsien seek to bring about the Age of Joy by
convincing everyone to have a good time. Rapture, exultation,
not mere physical ecstasy is their goal. They know that a good
dinner with friendsand family sore satisfyingand sustaining
joy than a handful of pills! The Gods of Harmony act on their
beliefs by doing good deeds, tryingto get the different courtsand
shen to cooperate, or at least talk. They walk (and sometimes
party) like they talk.

The Li Shendonotcare forthe TuShen one whit, and they
have strained relations with the Yu. Most of the other groups at
least enjoy the company of the Ambassadors of Heaven. They,
of course, profess good relations will all groups.

Yin and Yang Legacies

There is no division between Seelie and Unseelie with the
Asien. (The Shu Shen are as close as one gets to the Changeling
concept of Unseelie.) Players still choose Legacies (Changeling,
pp. 130-135) but they refer to the Yang and Yin balance of the
character's nature. In The Land of Eight Million Dreams, Yin
does not refer to Unseelie, nor does Yang correspond to Seelie
— the Legacies do not fit into so neat a package

‘The Yin Legacies are Courtier, Hermit, Orchid, Panderer,
Saint, Squire, Fatalist, Knave, Outlaw, Riddler, Ringleader,
Rogue and Wretch.

The Yang Legacies are Crafter, Dandy, Paladin, Regent,
Sage, Troubadour, Wayfarer, Beast, Fool, Grotesque, Pandora,
Peacock and Savage

Again, Yin and Yang are not conflicting forces, but con-
trasting sides of the character'spersona. These Legacies can help
create great depth to a character. Whenever a character's Yin
Chi score is higher ehan her Yang Chi, then her Yin Legacy has
precedence over the Yang Legacy, and vice-versa, Other shen
often find dealing with hsien confusing due to these ever shifting
natures.

Quest: The dominant Legacy's Quest determines how the
character regains Willpower — just as in Changeling.

Ban: This affinity is very important for Asien. Fulfilling a
character's ban in either Legacy helps the character gain perma-
nent Chi. The rules in Chapter Six cover exactly how this
system functions.

Rank

A hsien's position in the Middle Kingdom has more to do
with politics and personality, and goes beyond a mere statistic.
Suill, Rank isa rough estimate of ahsien's power. In ancienttimes,
Rank was the sole measure of ahsien'sstature, and still hassome
sway with them —especially within acourt. When two members
ofthe Yimeet, one witha lower Rank will usually defer to one of
a higher Rank. Even between different courts, acknowledging
Rank is acknowledging tradition —so Rank has political usesas
well. Forexample, itis very honorable fora Li Shen to kowtow to
a Xian Mun of a higher Rank (even if he is insincere)

By using their Shentao kill, Asien are able to tell the Rank of
other hsien. This Rank (like maximum Yugen) is the sum of the
player's Yin and Yang Chi scores, so you will have to record your
character's Rank after the character creation process is over.

Land oF Eight CDittion Dreams

Scep Two: Traizs
There are several new or modified traits in the game

covered in the next section, cryptically titled, "New and Modi-
fied Traits."

Choosing Accribuces

This step is identical to that in Changeling: The Dream-
ing (p. 117). The player may put seven points in primary
Attributes, five in secondary Attributes, and three in tertiary
Attributes.

Choosing Adilicies

‘The Land of Eight Million Dreamscontainsseveral new Abilities,
and a few from Changeling did not translate (such as Kenning, and
‘Gremayre) into the culture of the East. Leadership has not changed, but
itisnowa Talent, nota Skill. (Great leaders are notmade;theyarebom.)

‘The new Talents are Intuition, and Shentao (the Eastern
version of Kenning). The new Skills are Athletics, Ceremony,
‘Mediation, and Martial Arts. The new Knowledges are Cosmol-
ogy, Occult, and Divination.

Aswith Attributes (see above) the rules are the same. The
player assigns 13 points to primary Abilities, nine to secondary
Abilities, and five to points in tertiary Abilities. A single
Ability cannot exceed three dots at this stage of character
creation. Players will be able to raise their Abilities later in the
process

Scep Three: Advancages

Here is where the path of fae and hsien truly divide. The
Eastern fae do not have Glamour or Banality — these essential
differences produce the many changesin character creation that
follow.

Kich Advancages:
Luck, Curse and Wani Form

Rather than Boons and Flaws, hsien have Luck and Curses
based on their kith. These advantages serve to differentiate the
kith and reflect their personalities.

‘The wani form of each kith also has unique powers. The
hirayanu gain many advantages from their animal natures and
the kamuii become nearly immune to damage inflicted from.
their associated element. More importantly, they can use the
‘Mask of Shintai in the wani form. When the kamuii employ this
power, they reveal their semi-divine nature — forcing others to
kowtow to them. The hirayanu's mask is a visage of their savage
nature — causing all but the most stout-hearted to flee from
their gazx

Backgrounds

Chimera, Dreamers, Retinue, Title and Treasures are no
more. Hsien have three new Backgrounds: Auspicious Treasur
Jade Talisman and Pakua. Holdings (Dragon :), Remer
brance, Retinue, and Title have been completely redefined, so
be sure to check the listings later in this chapter before you
assign dots to them.


Only che Lonely

‘Want some friends? There are several ways to go about
necworking even before you play your character.

Backgrounds

Contacts — Contactsare people with powerand influ-
ence. Unlike Mortal Society Merits, they represent detailed
personalities.

Dragon Nest— Access, much lessowningadragon nest
isgoing oattract a lor of attentian. Itisa good focal paint for
the chronicle and will lead toa lor of friends (and enemies)!

Retinue— A retinue isa group of normal humans thac
follow your character. They usually know that y

\dstick upfor you. Your eet
people!
just buy a title, you may not have any
friendswhoknow yoursecret,but youhavesome pull withthe
powers-that-be in you area. You also might have a lot of
‘sycophants who act like your friends! (Well, it's something!)

Merits

Mortal Society — The Meritsand Flawsin this section of
Changeling (pp. 166-169) allow the character to have ties ro
legal and illegal onganicationsin mortal society. These connec-
tionsdo not represene particular people, but they doreflect the
fact that you are known to the organi

‘Shen Companion — They are not as numerous or k

|| Retinue, but companions have supernatural powers! You ||

should consider taking advantage ofthis significant difference
‘between che Worldof Darkness Eastand he mare familiar (and
Dalkanized) World of Darkness. We can all get along!

Combining Backgrounds and Merits

There are a loe of ways you can use these numbers to
generate roleplaying possibilities. For instance, one of your
Contacts might also be a Shen Companion. (Yes, you still
have to buy both!) Your dragon nest may lead to a Retinue
of lay priests who you inherit along with the shrine. Think
about how you can interrelate these traits to cxeate a rich
environment for your character.

The character gets five dots in Backgrounds, just like in
Changeling. Remember, you can spend freebie points on them
Jater, if you don' have enough dots to complete your concept
now

Wa Tan

Hsien call their magic, Wu Tan (magical alchemy). Wa
Tan has five elemental Arts or Alchemies: Di Tan (Earth
Alchemy), Hou Tan (Fire Alchemy), Lin Tan (Wood Al-
chemy), Tich Tan (M (Water
Alchemy). Some hsien study a sixth Alchemy, Nei Tan (Inter
nal Alchemy). Its power springs from che primordial creation of
thefisien, not the five elements. Each Tan isfurcher divided into
five levels called I Chih, ot "righteous judgments." The judg-
ments represent the powers entrusted to them by P'an Ku
Each character has a Kith Fortune, an Element the kith has
anaffinity to —Eath, Fite, Wood, Metal or Water. A character

EAB) starts with one dot inthe Alchemy associated with that fortune
P/ No kith has an affinity for Nei Tar.

‘The character gets an additional three dots in any Wu Tan,
Players will ger a chance to place more dots in Wu Tan, but a
character may not begin the game with more than three dots in
any one Alchemy. Players have to spend freebie points to
purchase Nei Tan; youcannot place any dotsin chacability now

Scep Four: Tempers

Once again, Tempers are another example of the many
differences between the hsien and their Western cousins.

Yin Chi and Yang Chi

Chi is the primal force of the universe. It literally means,
breath, and like everythingelse, thas Yinand Yangattributes.
Hsien have Yin and Yang Chi ratings from 1 to 10. The
personality of the character shiftsasthe balance between these
forces shift. If a character's Yin Chi is higher, then her
personality shifts to her Yin Legacy, and the opposite is also
true. Only when the Yinand Yang forcesare in balance can the
character (and player) be free to act without influence from
these forces

This Temper isalso extremely important for magic use. The
higher the rating, the easieritisfor them to ereace IChib. When
casting Yin magic, the player uses adifficuley number assigned
bby his Yin rating, and vice-versa for Yang magic.

Kith determines the starting values for Chi:

is
%

(%

G

Kith Yang A
ChuJung,Nyan 26 (SS
Suijen,HengPo 62 »~)
Komuko,Hanumen 44

Churih-yu,Tanuki 53

Houchi,Fuhsi = 35

Players will have a chance to increase their character
scores later in the character creation process, but no player can
begin che game with balanced Chi except the komuko and
hanumen.

Tao

This temper represents che hsien's understanding of the
relationship becween Yin and Yang. During character creation,
Tao may only be purchased with freebie points, but may never
be higher than the average of the character's Yinand Yang Chi,
rounded down.

This Traitis used as the Dice Pool for Nei Tan. The greater
the character understands Tao, che greater the feats that are
possible wich this mysterious Alchemy.

Uugen

‘Yugen is the fuel for hsien magic. I is the Chi collected at
dragon nests during festivals. The maximum Yugen score for a
Asien isequal to the sum of the character' Yin and YangChi. All
characters start the game with their maximum Yugen.
‘may not inerease the maximaum, although Jade Talismans can,
also be sources of Yugen.

Chapeer Four: The Way 87


Witpower
All characters begin with four points of Willpower.

Scep Five:
CDerics, Flaws and Freedies

Every player gets 15 freebie points to improve and person-
alize their character. Look through the Flaws and Merits and
assign them first. Remember, Merits cost freebies and Flaws
actually give youmore freebies to spend. Onceall the Meritsand
Flawsare purchased, the character will have anew freebie point
total. Using the freebie point chart, spend the rest of your points
to improve your character's Traits

Spend them how you wish for the most part, but there are
a few guidelines. No Alchemy can begin over three dots. No
‘Trait (Abilities, Actributes, or Advantage) can begin over fv
dots. Players cannot raise Tempers above 10.

The listing for Merits and Flaws is in Chapter Four of
Changeling, pp. 153-169. Psychological, Mental, Awareness,
Changeling Ties, Mortal Society, and Physical Meritsand Flaws
remain unchanged (just substitute hsien for changeling). These
Merits and Flaws are different: Are Affinity, Changeling Eyes,
and Werewolf/Vampire Companion — see the end of this
chapter.

Due to the difference in hsien and fae magic, many of the
Supernatural Merits and Flaws can no longer be used: Surreal
Quality, Iron Allergy, Chimerical Magnet, Faerie Eternity,
Poetic Heart, Cleared Mists, Chimerical Disability, Seeming's
Blessing, Slipped Seeming, and Sidhe's Curse.

Scep Six: Specialcies
The rules are unchanged for Specialties. Be sure to check

out the new Abilities listed atthe end of this chapter for theit
specialties.

Scep Seven: Spark of Life

Hsien do not have a fae mien, but in general, this section
(Changeling, pp. 120-122) is still important! What is your
character' day job? How does she get along in mortal society.
Allofthese questions are vital in bringing your characterto life.

Freedie Poincs
Traits Cost forHsien-tsu Cost for Hsien-iin
Abilities 1
Attributes: 4
Backgrounds 1
Yin or Yang Chit
Merits
Willpower
WuTan
*Nokith can begin the game with balanced Chi except

New and QDodified Traizs

New: Talencs

Please remember that Leadership is now a Talent. If you
need to refer to the description, it is in Chapter Four of
Changeling , p. 142.

Incuicion
Youcan think beyond the bounds of Western logic. From the
mere trace of evidence and innuendo you can intuit the truth.
This isnot mere problem solving, often you can see the pattern of
cause and effect (or just effect) that lay hidden behind perception.
bd Novice: Your guesses are often correct.
Practiced: You now trust your hunches,
¢ Competent: Others trust your instincts.
«Expert: Your intuition is famous in your circle.
¢*© Master: Your insight is legendary.
Possessed by: Artists, Investigators, Scientists, Feng Shui,
‘System Analysts, Logicians, Diviners, and Entrepreneurs.
Specialties: Insight, Dumb Luck, Discernment, Inspiration.

Shenzao (Kenning)

Somewhere in the nexus of magic, Intuition and Percep-
tion lays Shentao. It is the ability to perceive the shen and those
humans who consort or hunt them. Itis also the ability todivine
the presence of dragon lines and dragon nests. Shentao is partly.
cultural, therefore, hsien find it difficult to interpret the nature
of Western supernaturals (+2 to the difficulty number).

* Novice: You know if you're sleeping on a dragon,
nest, oF if you just slept with a shen.

** Practiced: Youcan locate dragon nests with ou
always find True Jade.

‘se* Competent: You can spothsien, if given enough time.
Sometimes you can determine the presence of other
shen. You often find yourself traveling along dragon
lines quite natutally.

Expert: You can spot Asien unerringly. You can spot
other shen if given enough time. Sometimes you can.
spot Western supernaturals as wel.

‘+ Master: Your gaze eventually reveals almost every
supernatural item, place or being
Possessed by: Hsien, and some humans who associ
Specialties: Dragon Nests, Dragon Line

Hengeyokai, Kuei-jin, Shih, Chi'n Ta, True Jade, Ghosts,

Spirits, Demons

New Skills
Acrodacies

‘You are a trained acrobat. You may have grown up as one
of the many street performers or merely taken up tumbling for
exercise or as part of you martial arts studies.

This skill allows character to-attempt incredible leapsand
falls. This Eastern form also includes some contortions at its


higher levels. Each dot allows the practitioner to ignore a
Health Level of damage from falling, aslongas the character has
a relatively soft, uneven surface to tumble upon.

. Novice: You can do a somersault and cartwheel.
Practiced: A few impressive tricks are under yout belt.
Competent: You can make a meager living at this level
Expert: You can star in chop-saki movies.

'* Master: Olympic medals hang around your neck.

Possessed bys Athletes, Martial Artists, Performers, Ninja

Specialties: Tumble, Jump,

Medizazion

Meditation can take the form of the katas of the Tai Chi,
twirling of the dervishes, the quiet contemplation of Zen Bud-
ddhism or the silent ponderings of a Taoist priest.

Meditation has several uses, but employing it can take
anywhere from one scene to one day. The Storyteller must
determine the length of time for an effort. Success can act like
Fortunes, lowering the number of successes for Chih use. (Roll
Meditation + Perception, difficulty 8 — each success lowers the
number of successes required by one, with a maximum of three.)
Ir-can also add to Enigmas, Divination and Shentao. (Stamina
+ Meditation, difficulty 8, each success lowers the difficulty
number for using ane of these skills by 1.)

+ You can calm yourself by concentrating.
fou can forget your cares, fora time.
‘Competent: You can center your being, and ignore
distractions.

Experts You can focus your perceptions on a task at
hand and drown out the world

Master: Youcan focusona task and still be very aware
of your surroundings. You have control over you emo
tions and perceptions in this state

Possessed by: Artists, Priests, Martial Artists

Specialties: Zen, Sight, Sound, Touch, Taste, Hearing, Tantra
Marcial Arcs

Martial Arts covers a variety of techniques and styles. The
Martial Arts skill can replace Bravl or Melee skill for attacking
in combat. When you choose to do this, increase the difficulty
of the attack by two, but the player can add the successes from
the attack'to the damage roll. The number of added dice cannot
exceed the Strength of the attacker.

Ifyou want rodojustice to Martial Arts, ditch these combat
rules, and get your hands on a copy of World of Darkness:
Combat (a.k.a. The Big Book of Beating Ass). No amount of
add-on rules in a sourcebook can adequately cover so broad a
topic, Your game deserves it, and what's the fun of playing an
Eastern RPG without katanas, katas, kung fa, and karate?

+ Novice: Wannabes whoread toomany martial artsbooks
Practiced: Student

Competent: Brown Belt

Expert: Black Bele

Master: Bruce Lee

ing, Contortions, Olympic Events

SS

SS

ES

‘ou Least Expect; Police, Tong Thugs
i, Kicks, Punches, Acrobatics, Chops

New Knowledges

Remember that there isno genetic Lore. Each supernatural
subculture has its own Lore skill, so the subsets for Lore in the
Land of Eight Million Dreams are: Kuei-jin, Hsien, Dark
Kingdom of Jade, Hengeyokai, Chi'n Ta, Human Cults, Mirror
Lands, Realms, Yang World. A Asien can also take the Lores
listed in Changeling, p. 145.

Classics

The study of ancient hsien texts, such as the Tao Te Hsien,
the Chronicles of the Monkey King, and the Lo Shu, is ex:
tremely important to most Asien. Many masters leam them by
heart, and most of the courts require passing exhaustive exams
revolving around this cannon to rise in their ranks. Three
rounds of exams are given — the most prestigious given every
three years by the Ministry of Earth, Each test lasts for 10 days
and includes written exams oral defenses, and literary essays.
In system terms, the Background "Title" can have no more
dots than this Knowledge!
* Novice: You know the gist of each of the classics.
Practiced: Youhavebegun tostudy the classics earmestly.
Competent: You passed the first round of exams,
earning the title xuicai, "budding genius.
Expert: You passed the second round of exams, earning
the ttle juren, "promoted man,"
#¢ Master: You are jinshi, "achieved scholar."
Possessed by:

Specialties: Tao Te Hsien, the Chronicles of the Monkey
King, Lo Shu

Divinazion

The purpose of divination is to find the auspiciousness of
‘any action and provide general guidance for the future. Three
traditional methods exist. The oldest is the use of augury bones,
usually turtle shells or the shoulder blades of an ox. The
practitioner cooks the bones over coals and the cracks ure read
for clues to the client's fate

Bone witches give portents of injury, sickness and death,
While rather limited in scope, this form of divination is, of
ccoutse, very useful. (Roll Divination + Manipulation, difficulty
8. If she gets three successes then she can make a general
statement of serious injury or sickness. More successes will give
more accurate results.)

‘The second oldest form isthe use of the book, the I Ching,
‘The practitioner casts yarrow sticks or coins and cross-indexes
the patrerns they form with enigmatic phrases from the I Ching.
She interprets the phrases to give the client advice, As with
‘Wester Astrology, the phrases from the I Ching are open t0
wide interpretation,

Masters ofthe I Ching can glean the will of Heaven. This
allows them to predict ifa course of action will correspond with
the desires of Heaven. (Roll Divination + Manipulation, difi-

‘Chapzer Four: The Way 89

SSS



represents a dot in the Alchemy or Tan used tocreate the item's

magical effect. So a 1 dot Auspicious Treasure reproduces the

effect of a level 11 Chih.

© Basic: Effect is equal to a level 11 Chih.

** Minor: Effect is equal toa level 2 Chih, or a cohort
level L1Chib

oe ‘Useful: Effect is equal to a level 3 I Chih, or a
combination of effects no greater than level 2 I Chi.

see Significant: Effect is equal to a level 4 I Chih, or a
cohort of effects no greater than level 3 I Chih.

sees Incredible: Effect is equal to a level 5 1 Chih, or a

cohort of effects no greater than level 4 | Chih,

Dragon Nesz (Holdings)

Your character has ready access to a dragon nest. They are
the only place ahsiencan go toregain Yugen and commune with
the Elements and the spirit worlds. All hsien crave the ability to
visit these sites freely, but they must pay a fee or beg a favor to
obtain admittance to the dragon nest, if they do not possess this
Background.

Your character is not considered co own or have exclusive
rights to the site, unless they also purchase Title at the same
level. Doing so has great benefits, but will inevitably make
‘enemies of other coverous hsien. Even if the dragon nest is
hidden away, many hsien courts (and other shen) will regard the
site as a great treasure to be found, and if necessary, taken from.
the character. If you retain it for one of these groups, then the
character will be expected to maintain and defend it.

Dragon nests are most often shrines to one of the thousands
of Chinese deities — although they can be scenes of natural
beauty, unmarred by buildings of any kind, Unlike freeholds,
they are not disconnected with human society. Many operate
relatively openly and are often crowded with humans and other
shen. Sometimes the dragon nest is held in a cooperative
arrangement with them. More often than not, it is considered
the possession of one of the Asien courts. They guard their rights
to these sites vigorously. The Ya and Li Shen possess more
dragon nests than other organizations.

Alllshen hold dragon nestsas sacred placesand most as "holy
ground" that should not to be polluted with combat. Disputes,
even over ownership, are usually settled elsewhere. Once admit-
ted toa dragon nest, the shen is considered an honored guest of
its owner and has his or her protection.

‘The trait rating determines the overall power of the site —
including the points of Yugen that it produces for each shen per day
. Basic: You have access toa minorshrine that produces

one Yugen,
oo Minor: You freely visit a minor temple that produces:
two Yugen a day.

#8 Useful: You are admitted to a large temple that pro
duces three Yugen.

seee | Significant: You are a member ofa major temple that
produces four Yugen a day.

Incredible: Youoften atcendahuge temple that produces
five Yugen a day.

fe

X

Jade Talisman: "True Jade

Jade is jade unless a Asien has attuned it. Once attuned, it
becomes an item of great value — often inspiring jealousy and
hatred in other hsien. Each form of jade is attuned to varying
levels of Vin ot Yang. Attuning jade gives it a Chirating of 1-5,
in one or both forms of Chi. Attuned jade is considered alive to
most shen.

These Chi points generate a Yugen pool just like Hsien,
(The Yugen pool is equal to the sum ofits Yin and Yang Chi.)
Hysien can use this Yugen justas fit was draining herown Yugen,

Alternatively, Asien can sacrifice Chi points from the
jade to create Yugen, just as if he was sacrificing his own Chi.
‘One point of Yang Chi sacrificed from a true jade talisman
will give two points of Yugen for a Yang I Chih effect
Likewise, one point of Yin Chi sacrificed will create two
points of Yugen for a Yin I Chih effect. This Chi does not
regenerate, and the jade either cracks, clouds, or loses some
of its luster.

Each dot givesone pointof Chifor the alisman. The player
can choose the form of jade that best suits his needs. Ifappropri-
ate for the level and form of jade, the player may assign the
points as he or she wishes to Yin and/or Yang Chi. The player
should also decide if the jade is a raw stone, jewelry or some
animal totem.

. Basie: The jade has 1 point of Chi.
Minor: The jade has 2 points of Chi
‘Useful: The jade has 3 points of Chi
+ Significant: The talisman has 4 points of Chi.
Incredible: The jade has § points of Chi.
Black Jade — Tortoise Jade

Black jade can have atotal Yin Chiscore of 5. Artisanscarve
itinto teardrop shapes or to represent animals of the ea or rivers

Blue or Green Jade — Dragon Jade

These colors of jade represent the Element Wood. It can
have a Yang Chi of up to 3, and Yin Chi of up to 2.

Red Jade — Feng (Phoenix) Jade

Fire jade, like the Element it exemplifies, represents the
Yang world. As such, it can have a total Yang rating of 5.

White Jade — Tiger Jade

White jade exemplifies Metal. Ithasa maximum Yin rating
0f3, and Yang Chi of 2. White Jade often adorns the pommels
‘of weapons — nowadays ic is inlaid on pistol grips

Qu Ying Jade - The Perfection of Ja
This semi-mythical form of jade hales from the Age of
Beautiful Sadness. It can have many shades, but it is most
often golden in hue with red striations. Itcan havea rating
of 10 in both Yin and Yang Chi. Shen prize Yu Ying Jade
above all other jade, and it is the impetus of many quests
and misfortunes. 1

Chaprer Four: The Way ol f
= sot? ig
NOEL


Sat

7g

Yellow or Gray Jade — Mandarin Jade

This jade is the most valuable since it ean have both Yin
and Yang Chi scores of 5, Le simulates Earth and rulership.
Creators of mandarin jade talismans carve them to depict noble
beasts or the trappings of kings — fans, scepter, ete

Fakua

A pakua is a luck symbol, the Chinese equivalent of a
rabbit's fooe. [elooks like a small mieror bordered with che eight
Ching trigrams. It is usually manufactured in the form of an
octagonal plaque, which is hungto face out the mainenteanceway
orontoastreet. (Themagical mieror reflects the bad karmaaway
from the house.) It does not so much confer luck as repel the
unwanted attentions of demons, kuei (ghosts) or bad feng shui.

Asien's Pakua is her preternarural ability to avoid the notice
cof other shen or even nosey mortals. All Asien have this abilicy to
‘some degree when in human form (and animal form for hirayanu).
Other shen must add ewo to the difficul n uying to discover
them. Each level of Pakua adds an additional success needed
locate the hsien. Therefore, level 3 Pakua means that a Kuei-jin
would need foursuccessesat +2 tohisorherdifficulty oxpotahsien
inhuman or animal form. Whileksien do not add to theirdificuly
to spot cach other (see Shentao), they still add the success due to
Pakua — sometimes you want to hide from your reatives!

This natural ability cannot conceal them when they use
‘WuTanor shift formsin public. A kamuiiin waniformdemands
attention after all! So if chin Ta (mage) attacks Mr. Liand he
tus into a snake man (fu bsi), his cover is blown.

Let's say that Mr. Li escapes the mage. Is his life ruined! Not
if he has Pakua. Purchased at its higher levels, Pakua will
conceal even this over rime. Like the Mists, Pakua begins to
slovwly erode the order and details of events, even when they are
recorded in some way. Given enough time (or & elever excuse)
no one will remember who transformed and the police reports
will be misfiled, burned or otherwise inaccurate

Ie'simportanttoremember that Pakua takessome ime towork
—iedoesnot "cloud men's minds," making the character invisible
If your hung po character tums into fish man in the middle of the
HungSengstockexchanye, even with Pakua5, youhave problems!
* Basie: "Who was that?"

° Minor: "He ran around that corner and disappeared."
one ‘Useful: "What are you talking about? Mr. Li isa
respected carpenter, not a snake-man!"

Significant: "For some reason we all closed oureyesas
soon as the fight started!"

seeee Incredible: "Who? What? When? Where?"

Remembrance

‘Remembrance is your character's ability to remember past lives
‘as a hsien and possibly the character's existence before the Wall.

Hsien-tste rarely should have remembrance Background
above two — their long lives as human beings clouds their
memories. Hsien-jin often have four or five does in Remem-
brance, but not always, Often, the trauma of cheirnew existence
befuddles them.

Land of Eighe CDittion Dreams

© Basics You may remember hazy bits of information
when triggered by current events or places; deja-vu,
baby

© Minor: If prompted or guided by another, you can g
lean some information from the scattered images in
your mind.

#60 Useful: You remember some details of your past lives,

and have dreams of your life before the Wall.

Significant: You remember many details of your most

recent ives, and have glimpses of your life before che Wall.

Tncredible: You remember almost all details of your

most recent life, and have strong flashes of memory of
your pas lives. You even have fragments of memory of
your life before the Wal

Recinue

‘Some humans know your secret and follow you. They may
be family members, husiness partners, employees, servants, ot
friends. Although they ae devoted to your cause, they are not
cannon fodder. Ifyou mistreat them, you can expect trouble, or
at least indifference, Unless you also purchase the correspond-
ing Merits or the Contacts Background, they are notin positions
of great power or influence, bt chey wll help you, hide youand
attempt missions you give them.

‘The members of the retinue are moderately skilled at che
jobs. (Most Attributes and Abilitics should have ewo dots.) The
Suortelle may etyoucreatepeople with above-average capability
in yourretinuc, but this should be a reward for ereaing believable,
detailed individuals. The Storyteller may also wish you to sacrif
the overall numbers in your Retinue Background to bave more
skilled members in it. For example, you want a member or your
retinue tobea ancasticcomputerprogrammer, TheStoryellermay
decide that each dot in Computers over ewo may "cost" a member
cof your retinue. If you have four dots in retinue, «programmer with
four dots in Computers means you actually have six cotal members
of the recnue (instead of eight), but one i eal wit!

. Bi
oe Minor: You have two members in your retinue.
Useful You have four members in your retinue
Significant: You have eight members i your retinue
° ¢ Incredible: You have 16 members in your retinue.
Ticle

The hsien do not have a system of vassaage lke the fae
Leaders ofthe courts confer titles to executives not followers
Thisdoes not have much of an impact on the game except for
the concept of knight and squire." They do not exist. Warsiors
of the Yii have no title unless they have influence (at least one
Alot in Title). Even the Killers of demons (the Kuan-Yi) are not
especially influential. Being a great warrior is its own re ward —
it does not confer ar compel authority.

Therefore, Title is not a "noble" rank, but represents a
character's position within a court. Each court has its own
system of titles, but since the Ya and the Li Shen concer

‘You have one member in your retinue.

Cat

a

IR


Ss

jost with appellations, their titlesare the examples.

have to have a Title to be a member of a group,
although a Title grants you great influence in that court.)
Most of the groups require that those awarded titlesare masters of
the Classics. Therefore, dots in Title carot excced those in Class.
. Basic: Yi — haap (baronet); Li Shen — tu-di
(patron). The character has influence over a village
or a neighborhood in a large city.
Minor: Yui — naam (baron); Li Shen — guan
(bureaucrat). The character has influence over a
town,
‘Useful: Ya — kuan (count); Li Shen — xuicai
(professor). The character has influence over a city,
district or county.
Significant: Yii — kung (duke); Li Shen — xunfu
(magistrate). The character has influence over a pre
fecture, huge city or minor province.
Incredible: Yé — mandarin (king); Li Shen —zongdu
(governor, viceroy). The character has influence over
a major province, or governorship over a state

CDodiFied QDerizs and Flaws
Clemencal AFfinicy (Arc AFfinicy}
(5 poine (eric)

This merit works exactly the same. Just change the word
Act to Alchemy (Changeling, p. 162).

Cyes of Eight Dillion Decams
(Changeling Eyesh: (I poinc Flauu)

The hsien has eyes that sometimes git
tual nature, Hirayanu have the ey
bodies they share. The k
their Elemental natures

away his spiri-
rhe animals whose
ves that resemble
they look like brass, or blaze
with fire. The player must decide which events cause this
to happen,

Beings who search for this shen can deduct one from their
difficulty numbers to spot him.

Shen Companion (WUerewiotF/ Vampire
Companion {I poine CDeric)

Other than the obvious name change, there are less subtle
changes for this Merit. The shen do not hate each other. Yes,
‘many of the hsien blame the Kuei-jin for che Wall (and many
dislike them for that), bur the genocidal hatred chat exists
between many of the Western supernaturals is, well, ridiculous
to the shen. On an individual basis — it is "live and let
(un)live." Also, the shen do not try to hide from one another,
much less try and keep their entire societies hidden from each
other! For the most part, hsien know the general facts of Kuei-
jin, mage and hengeyokai societies. For those reasons, this
Merit is less expensive for the shen than the fae, it is just far
more common.


Re

The five colowes blind the eye
The five notes deafen the ear

‘The five tastes deaden the mouth

— Man-Ho Kwok (trans.}, Tao Te Ching

‘Traditional Chinese medicine and magic attempt to cue the sick
by bakincingthe elements and energiesin the humanbody. Doctorsuse
herbs, animal remains, masage, feng shui, and acupuncture to re
‘establish balance ofthese metaphysical forces. While the West islowly
siving these practices their due respect, in the World of Darkness they
representashadowoftrucmasteryofthe elements Thehsenareservitors
ofthe elemental forces that created the Mile Kingdom. They tuck
with the foundations of perception: Yin and Yang and the elements of
the Middle Kingdon: Wood, Fire, Metal, Water, and Earth.

Shinma magic does not rely on static lists of spells, cancrips
ot rituals. The players and Storyteller have to create spell-like
effects using the powers defined for each Alchemy. (Although 10
examples for each Alchemy are given to get the players started.)

Every Alchemy has five levels of increasing power. Each
step toward mastery gives the character increasing control over
the physical and spiritual characteristics of an element —foran
element is not limited to physical matter, it is an allegorical
chain linking the elements' sensations, perceptions and emo:
tions. Mastering Earth, for example, allows a character to move
dirt around, but it also allows shen to exert control of the Earth.

Soul in other people, Wu Tan'sabilities are more universal than
‘most imagine.

The difficulty number for each use of an Alchemy is
determined by whether the effect has Yin or Yang characteris-
tics. The difficulty for a Yang effect is determined by the
character's Yang Chi. Likewise, Yin Chi decides the difficulty
number for effects thathave Yin characteristics. Asa character's
Yin or Yang Chi rises, the difficulty numbers decrease.

Nex, the player spends Yugen (a kind of undifferentiated
Chi) for the effect and then rolls the dice. The ultimate success
ofthe magic depends upon the number of successes generatedon
this die roll. The total number of successes needed can be
reduced by players who use Fortunes — ways of linking their
‘magic to Chinese folklore and attributes of the elements

This magic system is more dificult to master than traditional
lists of powers, but it rewards creativity and a player's willingness to
‘wrestle with the Easter conception of the elements and the charac-
terof Yin and Yang. Masters of Wu Tan can shatter mountains call
hurricanes, flood valleys, awaken justice in the hearts of the most
comupt. Their power is awe-inspiring to some, horrifying to others.

Chapzer Five: Wu Tan 95


te ORAS
Se

amber, the Chinese perception of the elements is very
difference from our own; ie will cake time to digest. Adding ||
modifiers and Fortunes to the brew seems to make things |
even more puzzling chan they teally ate. ||
The complexity isan illusion. Ieall boils down to this: |
1)Pickan I Chih and decide if theeffectis Yinor Yang. |
2) Add to the required number of successes if you want |
to use modifiers |
3) Subtract from the required number of successes if |
you want to use Fortunes. |

4) Roll the dice ancl count your successes.

&

Hsien Alchemy — Concepts

Hsencall cheir magic, "WuTan" (magical alchemy). Theie
magicinvolves manipulating and, occassionally, combining the
elements: Earth, Fire, Metal, Water and Wood. Alchemy also
serves to differentiate Wu Tan from the Arts of the fae, gifts of
the hengeyokai, the Disciplines of che Kuei-jin and the magick
of the chi'n ta. (Although a hsien master of an element is as
fearsome as any of these.)

Five elemental arts make up Wu Tan: Di Tan (Earth
Alchemy), Hou Tan (Fire Alchemy), Lin Tan (Wood Al-
chemy), Tich Tan (Metal Alchemy), and Shui Tan (Water

B Alchemy). Each Alchemy is broken into five levels called 1
Y Chib, or "righteous judgments." They represent the ancient
mandatesof P'an Ku — giving the hsien
blocks of the Middle Kingdom, ch

The last magical artis Nei Tan
on the Tao Te Hsien. Ie is the most dit
Alchemies, but has the greatest reward fori
Jade Key, a way to pass through the barriers of the Wall.

Vin and Yang

First, let's start with what Yin and Yang are not. They are
not opposites. The word "oppasice" implies opposition, and that
is not a part of the Yin/Yang concept. When most westerners
lookatthe Yin/Yangsymbol they merely see che white and black
teardrop shapes as opposites. Most of the time the analyses end
there. Lookaticfromadifferene perspective, and you willnotice
more important details. The symbol is a circle, represencing
unity. Look at the black or Yin side and you'll see a white dot,
representing Yang at its core. Glance at the white or Yang side
and you'll see thata white dot, the force of Yin at its center. The
concept is a little more complex.

Imagine acold night deep in the mountains. Youare facing
west, waiting for the Sun to rise behind you. Suddenly, a
fragment of the Sun peers over your shoulder and illuminates a
beautiful mountain in front of you. Is the dark side of the

mountain the "opposite" of the sunlit side, asifit were aseparate
thing? No, icis che same mountain. Do the light and dark sides
of the mountain strive against one another! No, the words

Di shen — Earth elemental

Di Tan — "Earth alchemy."

Effect — A use of an I Chih,

Element —One of the five building blocks of the Middle
Kingdom: Earth, Fire, Metal, Water and Wood.

Elemental Spirit — A spiritual servant of the August
Personage of Jade; a being from the spirit worlds,

Elemental Soul — A facet of a being tied toa particular
element (ie. Wood Soul). It encompasses Attributes and
‘mental and emotional states.

Fortune — An action, object or auspicious time that
reduces the number of successes needed to successfully cast
‘magic; Fortunes are related to traditional magic, customsand
religious practices of Asia.

Jimu-Tenno— An elemental, a title reserved for pow-
erful elementals.

Hou Shen — Fire elemental.

Hou Tan — "Fire alchemy."

Wa Tan Lexicon

1.Chih "Righteous judgment." A level ofpowerin an
Alchemy.

Lin Shen — Wood elemental.

Lin Tan — "Wood alchemy."

Tich Tan — "Iron alchemy." Metal Alchemy.

Tich Shen — Metal elemental,

Modifier— A way ofincreasingthe scope and/orpower |
of an I Chih. Modifiers increase the number of successes
needed to create magical effects

Nei Tan — "Internal alchemy." Taoist magic of the
Asien; personal Chi magic.

Shui Shen — Water elemental.

Shui Tan — "Water alchemy."

Wu Tan—*Magical alchemy." The magic of the hsien

Yugen — The fuel for Shinma Magic, a leser, undiffer-
entiated Chi.

Xian Hsien — "Immortal hsien." Hsien who have mas-
tered the Tao Te Hsien.

22


AEM) Vin or Yang Score

Yin

Yinhaschese characteristics:dark passive, cold, moist,
decaying, negative, defensive, material and female. Yin
unfortunately hasa tendency tobe thought of as evil since
it is also associated with the dead. It's not. Iris just Yang's
contrast. All thacis Yang transmutes into Yin at some time.
Yin is natura

‘System: time a character uses Wu Tan, the
player must decide if the effect isa Yin effect. Take a look
at the description above. in effects have Yin characteris-
tics. So ifthe character's magical effect is defensive, or has
to do with weakening someone (decay) then it's a Yin
effect. So the player uses her character's Yin Chi to deter-
mine the difficulty number, and the Yin Attribute of the
Alchemy for part of the Dice Pool. Dan't worry about the |

| rules right now, frst leeen the language. |

player rol for magic, unless

Uugen
"ight" and "daek" just deseribe the mountain. That is what the
concept of Yin and Yang accomplish. The concept actually
describes one thing — reality.

A cup isanother great example of Yin and Yang existing in
cone object. The principle of the cup, its form, is Yang. The Yin
portion ofthe cup isthe part that makes it useful —the pare that
isnot there. Without the Yin (the empry space) you could not
pour water into the cup, or drink from it, The Yang form and
principle of the cup would be defeaced without the Yin.

Yin and Yang ace complements, One becomes evident js weake
because of the other, Can you describe the light side of the
mountain without describing the dark side? No, light defines
lark, Good defines evil. Female defines male. Yin defines Yang.

Yin and Yang are dynamic, but they do not struggle against
one another. Ideally, they are in balance, but that rarely happens
inthe Fifth age. A paradox? Youbet,and incidentally, that s the
point. Afterall, Yin and Yang define the greatest paradox of all
— existence.

Chi

Chi is che primal force of the universe. It literally means
breath, and like everything else, has Yin and Yang attributes.

A hsien's Chi is incredibly potent and plenciful. When the
Asien were trapped in this world due to the treachery of the Wan
Xian (Kuet jin), they turned the flow of Chi in their bodies in.
‘upon itself — ikea mabius loop — actempring to preserve their
life energy from bleeding away. This preserved them from
literally unraveling bebind the Wall. It also meant they could
not cross the Wall. The servitors of the gods, the messengers of
the Three Worlds, are trapped.

‘System: Hsien have Yin and Yang Chi ratings from 1 to 10.
The higher the rating, the easier it isfor chem co create I Chih.
When casting Yin magic, the player uses a difficulty number
assigned by his Yin rating, and vice-versa for Yang magic.

Hyouhavenotlookedatthe character sheet before,doso. The
difficulty numbers are listed next to the character's Cht rankings.

Yang has these chat

player must d

the difficu

tions of the rules follow

themes for now.

Difficulty Number

* Should ahsien reach thisscore during play (andshamme on.
the Storyteller if they do!), the Storyteller should not make the

another hsien of this rank, slapping about a Methuselah, etc.

When the Shinma took on human form, it mot only barred
them from the spirit worlds, but also severed them from their
wellspring of their magic, Fortunately, the Cht locked inside
theie mortal shells shone through the fabric of their dull forms

accumulating a new, if less potent from of Chi, Yugen.

Yugen is undifferentiated (not Yin or Yang) Chi produced
by the interaction of ahsien'sChi with the Chi from the Yin and
Yang worlds. This is only gathered ac dragon nests and during
religious festivals — basically, places and times when the Wall

‘Yugen corresponds to a Changeling's Glamour in that it
used by hsien fr feats of magic. Like Glamour, Yugen also leaks
through the Wall, just as the Glamour leaks through Trods
Hien can also gain Yugen from humans, but only when hurnans

Jang

snowing, positive, offensiv
think of Yang as good. In truth, Yang can be more destruc-
| tive than Yin. Put your finger in a flame. What you
experience is Yang. Take your finger out now.

System: Whenever a character uses an Alchemy, the
nine if it is a Yang effect. How do youdo
this? Lookatthe descriptions of Yangabove (andelsewhere
in this book). Is the effect offensive, like shooting a bolt of
fire? Does it involve growth, like hea
the same characteristics as Yang, the
s0, the player uses her character's Yang Chi co determine
number, and the Yang Attribute of the
Alchemy for part of the Dice Pool. More precise descrip-

N/A —no magic possible
10
9

indler severe stress, such as meeting

istics: light, active, hor, dey,
and male. Westerners tend to

wg a wound? If it has
tis a Yang effect. If

just try and understand the

Chapeer Five: Wu Tan 7 YY

bY


our is not Yugen and vice-versa. Yugen is a weak form of Chi
energy Shinma souls collect. It is not produced by creativity.

‘System: Yugen is the fuel for hsien magic. A character has
a maximum number of Yugen points equal to the sum of his or
her Yin and Yang Chi. Each Art, or Tan, is divided into five
levels. The base cost to use Wu Tan is one point of Yugen,
although a few I Chih require more points.

‘A point of Chi can be converted to two points of Yugen in,
a pinch, but the Chi loss is permanent. Yang Chi has to be
burned for Yang powers, Yin Chi for Yin powers. Use the Chi
ratingbefore the conversion. Soifacharacterhad to have4 Yang
‘Chi to use a power, and he decides to burn off permanent Chi,
this allows him to use his "pre-burn" Chi rating to establish the
difficulty number for the power.

Characters regain Yugen by visiting dragon nests. Each,
dragon nest is capable of giving the Asien a certain number of
Yugen per day, but they do not have to spend the whole day
there in contemplation. Normally, they gather 1 Yugen per two
hours. Meditation (Difficulty 8) will gain them additional
Yugen equal to the number of successes (maximum of three
successes). Alll dragon nests have a maximum number of Yugen
they can give a character per day. This number i usually
between one and five.

The Ctemencs
and Their Conscructive Cycle

Try yourbesttoforget what youknow ofthe Greek elements,
forthe Chinese system of elements only hears few similarities to
it. Arguably, the chief similarity is the most important one. Like
the Chinese, the Greeks helieved that the elements represented
the building blocks of the universe. The hsien know that during
the First Age, The P'an Ku carved reality out of the elements.
‘Once again, this is where the comparison ends.

Unlike the flawless ideals that characterize Greek ele-
ments, Chinese elements are in astate of constant flux, but they
donotoppose one another. Water isnot the opposite offite, etc
‘Their interrelations are more complex, based more on process
and poetry than structure and Western logic.

Take a sip of tea and read on.

PlanKuworked with the elementsin a particular order, and
thus, the Chinese elements have a constructive order. Wood
makes Fire; Fire produces ash and so produces Earth; Earth
contains the ore that producesmetals; Metal melts (like ice) and
produces Water; Water nourishes the plants and produces
Wood, And so this cycle is self-rejuvenating.

This order is oftened envisioned isasa wheel. In the center
ofthis wheel isthe Earth element. Earth represents soil androck,
but also the Middle Kingdom itself: Because of its placement,
Earth is the most balanced in relation to the Yin Chi and Yang
Chi forces ofthe universe. Earth can also transmute most easily
into the other elements, and has some of all of their character-
istics,

Each element has several associations called Fortunes.
Essentially, each element is both a "thing" and an extended

Land of Gight CDitlion Dreams

allegory. Earth, in its role as the hub of che other elements, is
associated with all ofthe seasons, the color yellow, wisdom, and
the sense of smell. (Smart hsien use these Fortunes to boost the
effects of their magic.)

Above (in ametaphorical sense) this realm floats whats efe
of Heaven — the Yang Worlds. Below ic lies the Dark Kingdom
offade, and the other Yin Worlds. Around this hub of Earth floats
the wheel of the other elements in a clockwise roration, when
things are going well. Unfortunately, the wheel slows and some-
times bends back upon itself in these darkening days.

Theelemental wheel begins in the ast, like the rising Sun.
Here isthe realm of wood. Wood is also allied with the season
spring, the color green, and goodness. Icisa lesser Yangelement,
meaning it has slightly more Yang Chi than Yin Chi and is
characterized by steady growth. Wood is also often associated
with the sense of touch.

Thenexeelemenciin the constructive sequence is Fire (Fire
burns Wood). Irisassociated with the warmth to the south, and
the warmest season, summer. Fire's color is red, and just as a
flame sheds light, iis also linked to the sense of sight. Fite also
sheds the light of inspection, so it governs propriety and digni-
fied action as well. Fire is extremely active and leads to great
‘2004, like a warm hearth, but italso leads to great destruction if
let run amok. Therefore, it has very little Yin, Fire has the
greatest concentration of Yang energy of all the elements.

Fire's ashes beget Metal, the element drawn like a blade
from the ember of the Sun, the west. Metal isassociated with the
fall, atime when metal tools are used to reap the harvest. (Ir has
since become a propitious time for blacksmiths and artisans.)
Like the bronze gongs cast from this element, Metal isassociated
with thesense of hearing. Because Metal mustbeacted upon and
hides in che earth, its composed of lightly more Yin than Yang
energies, Like the bright flashings of light from its surface, white
is the color of the element Metal

Like ice, Metal melts and becomes Water. Water is the
element of the greatest Yin. Cold, itis associated with the north
and winter. Wacer must be drunk and is, therefore, associated
with the sense of taste. The oceans are the homes of the great
Dragons, but their homes are deeper than any man can peer,
therefore, black is the color associated with Water; also faith,
forall know thar even though the Dragon Kings cannotbe seen;
itis their breath that moves the waves and brings the rains and
floods. Water also commands the clouds and winds. Although
the hardest to stir, once awakened, no element is stronger or
causes greater destruction than Water.

‘Water nourishes Wood via Earth creating the fertile hills
and valleys of the Middle Kingdom. Thus, the cycle begins

System: Each element, except Earth, has a Yin Artribute
and Yang Attribute associated with it. (Earth, since it isthe most
balanced, only has one Attribute, Intelligence.) When using
‘WuTan, the Dice Pool of the "spell" is equal to the level of the
Alchemy pluseither the Vin or Yang Attribute, Which attribute
(Yin or Yang) is added to the Alchemy is based on the effect of
the spell — is ita Yin or Yang effect?


€lemencal Souls

Every being is partly composed of spiritual remnants from
the elemental powers that forged the Middle Kingdom. These
fragmentsare called Elemental Souls. They are notindependent
spirits—think of them asfacets of abeing'sbody and oul. These
souls are part of the forces the Asien have control over.

The frst level of each Elemental Alchemy allows ahsien to
comunune with these Elemental Souls. By doing his, the Shinma
gains insight into people's behavior and motives. For instance,
when a hsien with che first level of Lin Tan (Wood Alchemy)
looks at someone's Wood Soul, she can see that person's innate
goodness.

The second level of the Alchemies allows Shinma to
manipulate Elemental Souls. This gives them limited control
of another being's thoughts, perceptions and emotions. Soa
sien with Level 2 Lin Tan can manipulate how "good" a
person acts. A Yang effect may make a person act more kindly
by expanding a person's Wood Soul, but a Yin effect would
shrink their Wood Soul, making their actions vile and
hateful.

Tocompletely control abeing'sspirt, the sien must master
all five elements,

Which beings have Elemental Sou!
sentient beings have all five Elemental Souls. Many animals
lack a Metal Soul, since most animals do not act wut of a sense
of justice, Read the descriptions and let your Earth Soul (com-
mon sense) be your guide, As always, the Storyteller is the
ultimate judge in these decisions.

Earth Soul — The Earth Soul gives beings their capacity
for wisdom, insight, understanding and ove
It also influences the Intelligence Attribute.

Wood Soul — The Wood Sou is responsible fora person's
morality. Iecontrols their lusts, and their capacity to empathize
with others, All creatures possess a Wood Soul. The Appeat-
ance and Strength Attributes represent the vital nature of the
Wood element

Fire Soul

a rule of thumb,

Il common sense.

The Fire Soul regulates a being's understand-
ing of propriety and their understanding of manners and codes
of conduct. Charisma and Wits are Fire Attributes.

Metal Soul —The Metal Soul contains a person's sense of
justice, honesty, and fair play. Perception and Dexterity are the
Metal Acteibutes.

Water Soul — The Water Soul encompasses a person's
faith in others and in the powers of the universe. It also
encompasses fidelity and confidence, and the Water attributes
sare Manipulation and Stamina.

Systems Just as the

‘a Tan can control natural phenom-
ena, bushes and rock, they can also influence a being's
Elemental Souls. The Level 1 I Chih for each of the elemental
Alchemy allows the hsien to commune with a being's Elemental
Soul, so they can determine its state. Level 2 Chih allows the
Shinma to command the soul — directly effecting the being's

behavior, personality, ete.

Using Cu Tan

"Whar is that, oi"
"No, Black Blood of the Earth."

"You mean oil?"

"No, Black Blood of the Earth!"

— Jack Burton and Egg Shen, Big Trouble in Little China
‘What follows are the systems for using magic. The next

section contains a generic outline for the I Chih, the powers
within an Alchemy. The succeeding sections contain descrip:

tions of modifiers and Fortunes.

Thissection wll ollow thishasic framework forcastingan effect:

Step One: Pick an I Chih and decide ifthe effect is Yin ot
Yang,

Step Two: Add successes for modifiers (optional). An
unmodified I Chih usually only needsone success to work, Some
require two successes per increase or decrease of an Attribute,
Ability or Dice Pool. Modifiers require additional successes.

Abundance — The number of targets.

Circumstance

Placing conditions on effects.
Continuance — The duration of an effect
Domain — The range to the target, o sphere of influence
Harm — Directly damaging a target.

Magnitude — The size of a target andor the degree magic
changes it.
Step Three: Subtract one successfor cach Fortune (optional).

Color — The caster is wearing an appropriate color for the
element

Direction —The caster is loeated in an auspicious direc-
tion from the target.

Dei Dzat — The caster has a paper representation of the
target or effect.

Festivals — The effectiseastduringan appropriate festival

Poetey —The caster wrote a haiku for the I Chih,

Season — It is an auspicious season for the element

Sense — Caster and target are experiencing a similar and
appropriate (for the element) sensation.

Skills — The caster uses a related skill: Medicine, Divina-
tion, ete.

Wani Form — Being in wani form isan automatic Fortune
for the Shinma

Step Fo

You may need to review the description for the Construc-
tive Cycle of the elementsand the descriptions for Yin and Yang
as you read through this.

An Cxample of Wu Tan Use

‘Xun Ting. a Fu Hsi, sees groupof 12 woodcuttersin che valley
below about to chop down his mulberry trees. He decides to animate
the rees and have them attack the huomans — just to scare then off

oll dice.

Chaprer Five: Wu Tan


CElemencal Accriduces

When attempting an I Chih, add the character's El-
Jemental Alchemy score to the Yin attribute for Yin effects,
Jor the Yang Attribute for Yang effects. (Earth has only one

Attribute — Intelligence — because it is balanced —
neither more Yang nor more Yin.)
Element yi
Wood Appearance
Metal Perception Dexterity
Water Stamina Manipulation
Fire Charisma Wits
Earth Intelligence Intelligence

Animating the trees isa Yang effect, because he is causing
something to move. So Xun Ting's player looks to his Yang Chi
score to find the difficulty number. His YangChi is4, making his
difficulty number 6.

The Storyteller says the Fu Hsi needs ewo successes for the
Domain (range) and four successes for the Abundance of the
trees (one tree for each man). Adding these to one success for
the hase effect means he needs six successes in all.

‘The player of the fu hsi points out that his character
receives a kwannon jin Fortune since his race is allied with the
‘Wood element. Also, itis springtime (Season Fortune), and his
character is wearing a green tobe (Color Fortune). These three
Fortunes reduce the number of needed successes down to three

Xun Ting's Lin Tan rank is 5 and bisStrength (Wood Yang,
Attribute) is 3, giving him 8 dice. The player rolls 2, 2,4, 4, 2,
7,8,9 — three successes! (They won't do any damage because
the Fu Hsi did nor use Harm.)

Suddenly, the mulberry trees lash out atthe seoodcutters! They
drop their axes, scream like children and run for the vilage!

Elemencal ] Chih

Each Alchemical sets divided into five levels called 1 Chih,
"righteous judgments." Many hsien take this definition literally
theseare holy endowmentsgiven tothem by Heaven tobuild and
preserve the Middle Kingdom. For others, the | Chih are fearsome.
abilities and their keys to temporal power and excess.

The levels of I Chih represent stages of the hsien's growing
mastery of a particular element. First, the Asien learns to commu-
nicate with the element, then he learns to command the spirits
associated with it. Later, he begins to manipulate the element as
the hsien once did when they helped P'an Ku create the Middle
Kingdom.

Each I Chih can generate thousands of effects; these rules
are merely a framework from which to start. The powers may
seem overwhelming at frst, so each I Chih has several examples
listed with it. (There are many effects listediin these rules!) Take
your time and reward your players' ingenuity. Just as with other
flexible systems, there will he more than one way to accomplish
a magical feat.

Land of Eight CDitlion Dreams

BD @ The Prodigal Tongue

This I Chih gives the Shinma the ability to comm
with spirits. It chiefly breaks down to three powers, but Sto
tellers and players are encouraged to come up with more uses.

The Prodigal Tongue is the first step the kwannon-jin take
in regaining their powers of old. It is "prodigal" in that they find
their lost voice — the Shinma's ability to speak with the
elements thatare the roots of the Middle Kingdom. This [Chih
gives a hsien the power to communicate with spirits associated
with an element (for the price of Yugen). These spirits reside in
the spirit worlds, Slumber within inanimate objects and even

sate

hide within creatures as Elemental Souls.

A hsien is automatically understood by these beings
jusea matter of intenc. While this power is magical, the speech
is not. The hsien must talk, not hum, and not meditate
although the spirit may not respond in a fashion understandable
to other characters that lack this Chih. Material objects creak
and groan when communicating with Shinma; spitits of the

itis

other worlds may materialize and converse normally, but this is
best left up to the imagination of the Storyteller.

Commune with the Element: Commune allows the hsien
to speak with the elements in the Middle Kingdom, such as
conctere, pools of water, woks, etc. Practitioners of Earth
Alchemy (Di Tan) can "speak" with stones. For example, a
komuko can literally lean over to the sidewalk and strike up a
conversation, albeit a boring one. »

The spirits of material things are rather sluggish and have
limited perceptions of the Middle Kingdom. Hsien must use
Magnitude of Change at Level 3+ to gain useful and reliable
information. Magnitude of Form allows the user to speak (0
larger portions of the element. This does not improve the
reliability (you still need Magnitude of Change), but it may
improve the perception of the spirits, For instance, a hslen with
DiTan could talk with eithera man-sized piece of street beneath.
him (no modifiers), or the whole road by using Magnitude of
Form. Imagine the amount of information the entire street

could give him! Of course, it may he too much.

Waigoren think of this power as object reading. The
elements pick up information about the senses and emotions in
which they are attuned, Notall elements can see —no element
hasall the senses ofa human. Water, Metal and Fire have some
sense of sight, but Earth only has perceptions of those creatures
that stand or hold it

Earth — Objects composed of Earth will describe the
weight and shape of people who touched or stood on them.
.ce Earth isallied to the sense ofsmell ican also replay smells,
ofa certain area. At very high levels of Magnitude (5+), Earth
objects my even comment on especially wise or unwise actions
that took place in their presence,

‘Water — Pools of Water can reflect the actions that took,
place around them, but the quality is poor, due to ripples, ete.
Even these weak water spirits tend to be manipulative and
tricky. Air can be asked to repeat whispers of conversation, but
they tend to leave out some details because they are so ethereal


‘, 7 Metal —Shiny metal object

metal allows objects to exactly

may also east blurred reflec

J them, but the resonance of (ANY
<ounds made in theie

presence. Metal spirits tend to fixate on injustice; getting them
to repeat pointless conversations nay be difficult

Fire — Fires ca
took place near the
The only problem is that fires are exce
a character would have to find a fire that h

play perfectly the si actions that

ht and light

show what they want to

Wood — Objects of Wood only have percept
beingsthattouch them. They can celate the he
beings, and most importa

Read Elemental S:
is still linked to the
Every mortal and shen has Soul fo

the previous section on Elemental Souls to sce what portion of
sona they encompass.)

x this power to gain information about the state
lemental Soul, By merely looking at the person,
" chis spirit. By communing with a Meral

) |

the target is just, possibly if chey are lying.
‘Clever hsien work this inquiry into .

Speak with Jimu-Tenno (Ele
comes more useful to a hsien who find
Kingdom, or ahsien who can actually se
via a dragon nest and thereby locate and converse with spits.
Each kind of spirit has certain limitations and per
quirks; a smart hsien takes advantage of these. Wat
interested in intrigue, Fire with decorum, and so on. (A c
plete list of spirits appears in Chapter $

Modifiers: ‘The most common modifiers for this power are:
Domain, Abundance, Continuance, Circumstance,

Yin Effects — The most c
read the state of the target's Elemental S
willtell you fhe isactingbenevolently, while his Ea
fl tell you if he is wise.

Yang Effects — Hsien use Yang effects to talk to Elemental
spirits. (Use Continuance for a long conversation.)

@@ Command Clemencal Vassals
P'an Ku gave the hsien the cesponsibilicy for overse
‘elemencal spirits. Each hsien can command Elemen
ing to their Kith Fortune. (Komuko can o
tc.) Otherhsien must
claborate offerings or
‘The difficulty for n
cannot travel freely to the sprit wo

get toa dragon nest, she may be able cc
natural spot, which would attract a particulae ¢
know that spirits "nearby" in the Mirror Lands will come if
c hse.

called — using their powers to appear near

Chaprer Five: Wa Tan



LQ

Every two successes adds or subtracts one dot from the
Actribute. Driving an Attribute to zero adds three more suc-
cesses beyond this number. Example: For Li Chen to drive Po
Fat's artribute from cwo to zero requires seven successes.

Summon the Dragon Boat: This very special powercanonly
be used at dragon nests. It allows the Shinma to travel between.
dragon nests and enter the spirit worlds in a limited fashion. To
begin this ritual, che character must possess figurine of adragon,
boat, made of the color of jade allied to their kwannon-jin's
element. The chu jung and nyan use red jade; suijen and heng po.
have black jade eraft; komuko and hanumen possess yellow jade
figurines; chu-ih-yu and tanuki employ white jade; and hou-chi

u-hsi have boats of blue or green jade

To begin the ritual, the hsien stands near the focal point of
the dragon nest and calls an Elemental, who waits in the Mircar
Lands, just on the other side the Wall from the hsien. This being
rmusebe bargained withor Summoned roactasa ferryman for the
dragon bout. (Most often the hsiem pre
elemental as parc of the bargain)

Now the character begins the dragon boat | Chih. Most
masters of the dragon nests possess maps ofthe other dragon nests
linked to their own. The Storytelershouldadd asuccess for every
100 miles of real distance between the nests and, perhaps, more
if the dragon lines between the nests are weak or seldomly
traveled. The bout will only carry one unless the player uses
Abundance to effect more travelers, and anyone may ride along.

Ifthe IChih is unsuccessful, che elemental wil Lose faith in
the character and depurt. The entice ritual must be repeated. A.
hotch sulles the dragon nest, and shatters the boat. The owner
of the nest must spend a day purifying the site before the dragon,
boat ritual can be performed again. As you can imagine, the
caster will have earned his or her enmity.

Yin Effects — Exorcise Elemental Spirit, Diminish El-
‘emental Soul

Yang Effects — Summon Elemental Spirit, Nurture El-
cemental Soul

@@ Raimenc of che Clemencs

This I Chih gives the Asien full control of the elemental
nature of her mortal form. This has manifold effects. To begin.
with, she can take on the appearance of the element. The hsien.
can merge with the element of ehis | Chih and travel through it
— reconstituting her form when finished. The character may.
‘subsume small objects of the correct element in their body —
perfectly hiding them. The hsien using this | Chih can also
understand the properties of objects he merges with or subsumes.

Modifiers: This | Chih cannot target another indi
Allof the effects target the hsien, orinanimate objects. The most
common modifiers for this power are: Domain, Abundance,
‘Continuance, Circumstance, Magnitude.

The Enfolded Object: This effect allows che hsien to hide
chings of the appropriate element within their own elemental
spirit. They can roughly double their mass when enfolding
objects. Once hidden, it cannot be discovered, since its spirit
becomes mingled with the hsien's,

ents the boat to the

Use the modifiers to describe the hidden object and how
long it will remain hidden. Using this power, someone that
knows Tich Tan can easily hide knives, crowbars, etc. Cohort
effect must be used to hide some items made from more than
cone element. The metal portion of guns, for instance, needs
Meral Alchemy, but the gunpowder needs this 1 Chih from
Earth Alchemy

Paths of the Elements: This power allows the hsien to
licerally merge with and "Ay" through objects made of the
clement! The hsien must ouch the object chat she menges with
and it needs to be roughly che same mass.

This power must take advantage of Domain to govern the
distance traveled. The Shinma does not have to move. Often,
this I Chih is used ro hide or spy on others by ingin one
place. (Adding no extrasuccesses for Domain allows the hsien to
remain still or travel 10 yaeds from the origin of the effect.)

Continuance controls how long the Shinmna may use the
ability ac one casting. At the end of the effect, Shinma must
"step oucof the substance theyre travelingthrough or they are
literally spit out, thus, suffering horrible wounds (two Health
Levels of aggravated damage).

This fsien's ability to perceive the outside world while
moving through an elemenc is dificult; all Perception rolls are
made at +2. Since the Chi of the Shinma is active during the
effect, no I Chih can be cast while traveling the Paths of the
Elements.

Most items must be enfolded (see above) or they do not go
with the Shinma, Magical talismans and all form of jade readily
travelwith the hsien, due toa theirsupernacuralnature. For some
unknown reason, silk wor by ahsien will travel with themdown.
the Elemental Paths. Membersof the Li Shen say this exception
is due the August Personage of Jade's sublime modesty. One
hated having a bunch of nude hsien show up when summoned
during the Second Age!

Earth — These paths include any manner of earth, rock or
scone.

Metal — Metal paths have become almost ubiquitous as
copper wire spreads all over the Middle Kingdom. The mecal
skelecon and ductworks that weave through skyserapersare also
a ready path for those who know this Tieh Tan I Chih

Fire —Fire was once limited to pools and paths of magma,
‘or perhaps buming buildings. But as electrification and even
<optical fiber spreads over the world, 0 to do the Paths of Fire

‘Water — As distasteful as chey are, sewers offer great
acteries of transport about the lands of mankind. Thankfully,
rivers, streams and oceans still cover most of the Earth

The Dragon of the Eight Bre
earn Shui Tan another option —tl
on the paths of wind. Masters of Shui Tan also enjoy traveling
on barges of cloud. Unfortunately, this power is very dangerous
since hsien do not have the power to resist strong winds — they
will be blown miles from where they wished to travel. S
foolish ones are literally sucked into storms and remateri
thousands of feet from the ground!

gave the
wer Co travel invisibly

Chapcer Five: Wu Tan 103

ea


‘Wood — Fine networks of root, fungus and moss create a
great roadway through which practitioners of Lin Tan can
travel. Besides, wood is a common construction material for
houses all over the Middle Kingdom.

Elemental Form/Elemental Fist: This power allows the
‘Shinma to transmute their bodies into one of the elements. The
laws of the Middle Kingdom still have some sway, though. Fire
bodies must have fuel, and water bodies must have some con-
tainer, for example.

‘As with Paths of the Elements, normal items are not
transmuted unless innately magical or made of jade.

By transforming their fists and feet, Masters of Wood,
Earth, Metal and Fire can boost their damage in combat. Each
success adds a die of damage to martial arts damage rolls.

@@Se Awaken che Clemencs

With this terrifying | Chih, che hsien regains his power to
command the elements of the Middle Kingdom. They can be
summoned, shaped, moved, toyed with and sundered. Powerful
members of the Ministey of Water can call down rain, divert
streams, etc. Some fu hsi can make trees caper about like lambs
in springtime!

Modifiers: The most common modifiers for this power are:
Domain, Abundance, Continuance, Circumstaice, Harm,
Magnitude

Awaken True Jade: This | Chih empowers the hsien to
create true jade, Each point of Chi "awakened" requires two
successes. Creating Yin-aspected jade calls for a Yin roll, and
vice-versa for Yang-aspected jade. Jade that has both Yin and
Yang Chi requires two I Chih rolls.

Move Elements: Think of this power as a kind of telekine-
sis. Objects made of the element can be moved about as if they
had a will of their own by using Magnitude of Form to regulate
the size of the object moved. Continuance regulates how long it
stays animated. Domain controls how far the caster can stay
from the object animated by this power. The object moves at a
walking pace; an additional success makes the object move at
the caster's running speed.

Hsien employ this power to attack, using Domain tocontrol
the range, and the Harm modifier to determine damage.

‘Shape/Sunder Element: This power can cause the element
to take on a certain shape or break apart. Magnitude of Form
regulates the size of the object shaped. Magnitude of Change
regulates the shape. Making water whip about likea snake would
call for three extra successes, for example, since that is a
significant change from what water normally is capable of doing.

‘This effect can be combined with Move Elements to make
areal "water" buffalo, or walking statues.

‘Summon Element: Magnitude of Form is used to control
the size of the element summoned. The element is brought from
the nearest source. The hsien cannot control where the element.
is summoned. Therefore, a hsien cannot summon all the water
‘out of a human being.

‘Summoning an element is incredibly difficult. All the
extra successes from Magnitude of Form are doubled, and even

104

Land of Eight CDillion Decams

the lowest level costs one extra success (a hand-held object, a
basket, bucket, a potted plant). In the spirit Worlds, the cost
is tripled.

Yin — Elements can also be moved. It would be very
t for a balcony to suddenly give way under one's

Yang — The most common Yang effect is to simply make
the elements strike out at the hsien's foes. Fire can be made to.
gout from the hsien's fists, or lighting from his eyes. |

SOSSO CDascer che Clemencs,
‘Throne of Jade

This I Chih gives the hsien the ability co exchange the
characteristics ofone example ofher element with another, and
transmute one example into another. The element's pliability,
hardness, color, chemical characteristics, textures — all are
mutable in the hands of a master.

For example, granite can be transformed into sand, or made
aspliable as clay! A blade of grass could have the rigidity of oak,
‘ora pine tree could bear peaches. Masters only have control of
their element and its characteristics, so it's best to state both
‘examples in order to keep the players focused on the limits to
this Chih: "I call upon P'an Ku to transmute this emerald into
a lump of clay," for example.

Jade can be destroyed via this power, but its unique charac-
teristics cannot be duplicated or created.

Cobort effects allow the hsien to give characteristics of one
element to another, of even transform one element into an-
other. A powerful Asien can turn wood into gold (Metal and
‘Wood Alchemics); water could cease to make creatures wet
(Water and Earth), wood refuse to burn (Wood and Earth or
Metal). To attempt any of these effects, she must possess both

Alchemies at Level 5!

Exchange Properties: Magnitude of Form is necessary
to judge the size of the object effected and Magnitude of
Change can be used co judge the extent of the change. Use
the temperature guideline to judge this. Giving a rock the
hardness of diamond may be a basic change, calling for just
fone extra success. Giving muddy soil the hardness of dia-
‘mond would, however, be a major change, needing five
‘extra successes. Use common sense and the examples as
your guide.

Transmute Element: As with Exchange Properties, this
requires Magnitude of Form and Magnitude of Change. Since
this power, by its very nature, involves a more radical modifica-
tion of the Middle Kingdom, even the mast innocuous use of
this power is usually a basic change (requiring three successes.)
Basically, the storyteller should make this more difficult chan
‘exchanging properties.

‘Modifiers: Magnitude of Form decideshow much ofasubstance
canbeeffected, while Magnitude ofChangegovemstheextentofthe
change. None of these effects are considered natural and will revert
to their natural state unless Continuance is used.

‘The most common modifiers for this power are: Domain,
Abundance, Continuance, Circumstance, Harm, Magnitude,

Sy

Q)

au


%e

For example, a nyan character wants to hide a 1000
gemstones she stole inside her body for a day. This is a Level
3 Di Tan (Earth Alchemy) I Chih, She needs one success for
the effect and 5 more for Abundance. Continuance makes the
effect last fora day, but adds two more successes. So unless she
rolls eight successes, the attempt fails. Remember, modifiers
are extra successes!

Modifiers are subjective, not scientific. Hsien magic is older
than science, so the advancement becween levels of modifiers is
based more on association and metaphor than geometric pro-
gressions. The range for an effect (Domain), for instance, is
based upon the idea of anoble lord's territory rather than inches
or centimeters. All of this means that the system will take some
getting used to for new players and diligent monitoring by the
Storyteller.

While some of these modifiers make I Chih extremely
powerful, just one or two added onto a typical effect may
require from three to 12 extra successes —making mostof the
effects impossible for characters. Players can reduce the
number of extra successes duc to modifiers by employing

Yin — Since all the characteristics of an element can be
toyed with, the heat ofa raging oil fire can be reduced tothe heat
of an alcohol fla

Yin I Chih— Thousands of Yin effects are possible, just
|) sead and think about the essence of Yin and interpret an 1
‘Chin power in chose cerms. For example, a common Yin
effect would be the removal of something the I Chih gives
mastery over

(Other Yin effects may include: disease, speaking to the
dead (Spirits of the Yin World), shrinking, diminishing,
illusion, subversion, darkness, exorcism, aging, emptiness,
ensnaring, decaying, entropy, dissipation, and forgetting

‘Yang I Chih — Manifold Yangeffects are possible with an
Chih. Almost any aggresive use of the power may be consid-
cred a Yang use of the power. Be creative — that's Yang too!

‘Some possible Yangeffects: curing disease, healing, increas-
ing,action, attacking, lighting, transforming, makingsomething
younger, growing, filling some space, freedom, fixing broken
objects, creating something, and leaming something new.

Yang — Water can be made to be super-oxygenated, Ceo

allowing people to breathe it. Also, when combined with other
Level 5 1Chih, on: mentcan be transform intoanother; lakes
can be made to bur, etc.! ,

CDodiFiers co Wu Tan

Unless otherwise noted under the Wu Tan below, an I
Chib targets one person (sometimes just the caster) and lasts
foran instant (Combat Turn). Some effects, which correspond
to the normal workings of the Middle Kingdom, may last
longer. Ifa character causes stream to flood, it will eventually
go down, butall the extra water will not disappear when the I
Chih's effect ends. Bruises and other injuries remain until
healed, but should a master of Metal and Wood make a blade
of grass as sharp as steel it will only last a turn, unless the hsien
uses the Continuance modifier to make it last longer. The
August Personage of Jade docs not approve of capricious
manipulation of ehe Middle Kingdom.

Modifiers give Shinma the capability of changing the
nature of their I Chih, Using modifiers, a blast of flame can
| effect more than one target, acold wind can blow through the
streets of an entire city, ar a rainstorm can cover just a
building.

Using modifiers makes the casting of effects much more
difficult. An unmodified I Chih usually needs only one success
to work. Some require two successes when they increase or
decrease an Attribute, Ability or Dice Pool

Each modifier adds more successes to this base number.
Each modifier lists the number of extra successes they require.
All of these are cumulative in the case of multiple modifiers
Unlessall the successes are obtained, the power does not work,
although all the Yugen is still expended.

Unmodified ] Chih Crees

See? That was nothing,

But that's how it always begins... very small.

—Bgy Shen, Big Trouble in Little China

[Chih are useful even withoue modifiers. What's
more, they are much casier to cast, for an unmodified |
Chih effect usually only needs one success. Powers that
summon creatures or effect Attributes, Abilities and
Dice Pools require two successes per point or die. This
two-for-one theme is maintained in all the systems.

The exact effect depends upon the level of | Chih
and the Alchemy. Without using modifiers, an effect
only lasts for a turn and has one target. The base range
is 10 yards of range (walking distance in.acombat turn),
and can do up to one die of aggravated damage.

‘An unmodified effect also allows a hsien to read the
| Elemental Souls for the general mood of the tanget (icse
level I Chih) or slightly influence someone (Level 2 1
Chih), By communing with the elements in an area (with
the appropriate Alchemy) general impressions of the
spiricual/psychic health of the area can also be gleaned.

Again, the exact effect depends on the Alchemy
and level of I Chih, Still —all of this is possible for one
success (usually) and one point of Yugen. Nifty, yes?

Modifiers boost the effect, range, etc. for an effect,
but the payback is extea successes. Heap a ton of
modifiers on an effect and the number of successes will
spiral out of the character's reach.

Fortunes buy down the successes that modifiers
add. Unfortunately, they require planning, luck and
skill co use properly

Chapces Five: Wa Tan 105


Fortunes (more on that later), so don't let some of the
extreme examples in this section scare you away from using
Wo Tan.

The descriptions for the I Chih have precedence over
these rules. Also, not all modifiers can be used with all of the
1 Chih — read their descriptions under each alchemy to be
sure. As always, the Storyteller is the ultimate arbiter of a
modifier's use.

Abundance of che Ten Thousand Things

To affect more than one target, a hsien has to gan extra
successes. This ancient modifier is based upon P'an Ku's cre-
ation story, First there was nothing; then there was the creator,
He separated Yin from Yang and two things were born. The
progression continues until the Ten Thousand Things were
created,

Extra Successes __Totalnumber of targets/Abundance
0 1
1 2
2 35
3 6-10
4 11-100
5 101-1000
6 1001-10,000
7 ete,

Circumscance of the CDonkey King

Circumstance is way of putting a conditional effect upon a
hsien's magic. The Circumstances are based upon Hanuman's
practical jokes. He loved to create magical effects keyed to
individuals (Unique) or groups (Uncommon). He once carved.
around door that imitated the sound of flatulence whenever a
member of the Li Shen passed through.

Extra Successes Circumstance
No circumstances
1 Common —Bffects super groups, a
basic division of reality or society:
Day or night, men ar women, next
thing entering the room, ete.
Uncommon — Effects smaller
groups: Hour of the Rat, Next po
liceman entering the room, etc.
Unique— Effects individuals: when
Xiong Fei enters the room.

Conzinuance of che Righceous Judgmenc

Shinma use Continuance to make their effects last longer
than one turn, Sometimes, hsien appeal to the Sun and Moon to
keep the effects of their spells going. Therefore, this modifier is
based upon the basic Chinese calendar.

Players can easily abuse Continuance. Storytellers are warmed
co warch for players attempring to use Continuance to duplicate
other modifiers. For exarnple, a player could use it to try to affect
‘more thanone target (Abundance). A master of Warercouldereate

106 Land of Cighe QDillion Drcams

Zi

awaveanduse Continuancetokeep the wave goingandaffectmore
than one rarget. Continuance cannot be used with Harm,

Extra Successes Time Continued

0 Tum
1 Scene

2 Chinesehour (two Western hor
3 Day

4 ‘Chinese week (10 days)

5 Month (lunae)

6 Year

7 12 years

8 60 years

9 Storyteller's option

Domain of che Great Lord

Domain allows the hsien to extend the range of their magic.
Domain is based upon thedemesne of ancient hsien lordsand the
nature of the Barth element. Domain radiates outward from the
caster. Just us the Earth is the center of all the elements, oras a
lord can extend his power over his realm, this modifier ean be
used to extend an I Chib's effect over a great range

Example: Cang the heng-po uses the Level 3 Shui Tan I
Chih to merge his body with the waters of a sewer and chen
appearin the bathroom ofhisenemy. The Domain is arger than,
Building, since he will start outside, so the player uses the next
level, Neighborhood. This incans it will take two extra success
for Domain, plus one for the | Chih — three suecesses in all

Domain makes several assumptions. Fist, that the caster knows
the location of the target. A Shinma cannot use Domain to target
someone —one cannot pick Cty hoping to catch the target if they
are in the same building as the caster. Secondly, to make an area
effect, hehsien mustuse Abundance toinclude more than one target.

Example: Cang sees 15 tong thugs moving toward him in the
marketplace. He enacts a Level 2 Shui Tan I Chih to lower their
‘Water Soul, hoping that his attackers wil lose confidence in thern-
selves. The Storyteller decces thatthe I Chih's effect will take three
successes. To this, Cang's player adds 4 more for Abundance, and 2
for Domain tocover the huge marketplace, SoCangnowneedsnine
successes! Holy chisel of P'an Ku! Cang decides to run for it.
Domain
Roon/Oyrkcrwalkingdsanceinaeam
BuildingRunninguistancetotouch
Village/Neighborhood/Park
City
Province/State
Middle Kingdom

Extra Successes

0

Harm of Heavens Suiord

Harm allows Shinma to directly damage targets Iemimics the
vengeful sword of Wu Ti, the military emperor. With cis modifier,
IChicancausedirect damage ca target, butthe Storyteller
toexercise control over its use. Harm cannot be used to modify every
A.Chib. Infact, only Level 4 and $1 Chih can generate Harm effects,
‘Nor can it be used with every modifier, such as Continuance.

raed


ed aggravated damag.
Damage Dice

Magnitude measures two separa
B} change. Thisisused whenaffectingan

use this modifier.
Magnitude most often has to be used with Domain, Con
tinuance is also used to make tl longer than a turn
Bxample: Lady Jlu wants co raise
amore favorable fang shih alignment; this will
‘Magnitude. She does noc want to stand on the}
raise the hillock, soshe uses Domain, which coststw
to do this I Chih from her back garden, To make the hi
a year, she adds six more successes (Continuance). Lady
needs one for the effect, plus 10 for che modifiers, 11 succes
Extra Successes Magnitude of Change
Minerchangetrigidtocoolichangemnpod
Basic change: frigid to
change em
Significant


Forcunes

Fortunessubtract from the cotal number ofsuccessesneeded
ained

linked to colors, directions, and even
ue this chain of correspondences, called For-
wait for
to act, thereby
c important ben-
hey arealso meanttoactas props for roleplay.
s, the players will need to think of Fortuneswell
before they begin to act. They may even lead to hooks for
adventures when the players attempt to appropriate them.
When the local Li Shen begin buying up all the
4 shock waves through the Shinma community. Pl
ers are encouraged to think of more Fortunes. (In fact,
all of the Fortunes suggested by the descriptions of the
elements have been described.)
Most of the Fortunes are considered as they effect the
‘easter, not the target. The use of the Color Fortune, for instance,

+h Fortune the character takes advantage of
lessens the number of successes needed by one. Fortunes cannot
reduce the numberof successes below one, Each form of Wu Tan
lists the Fortunes associated with it

Colors come into play if the caster is wearing clothes of the
appropriate color. The article of clothing must be clean and at
ie of shirt. It may not be covered up and must be the
ing article of clothing the hsien is wearing.
Mecal is associated with white, yellow for Earth, ed for Fire,
green for Wood and black for Water.

Direczion

Ihe casterofan IChihisin che appropriate direction fromthe
target ofthe effect, she receives a Fortune. For example, ifthe caster
isin Beijing and the target isin Hong Kong — the caster'sdirection
isnorth. Shui Tan gains a Fortune if the caster isin that direction.

The fortunate direction for Earth is actually alocation, the
center. Wood is associated with the east; the heat of the south
is auspicious for Fire; west is the direction for Metal; and Water
is fond of the coolness of the north,

Dai Dzac

Dei deat means "folded paper." In Hong Kong, Macao and
in Cantonese villages these traditional paper sacrifices are used
to appease ancestors and petition for their help, Dei daat tradi-
tionally took the form of paper money, pictures of food, and
beautiful maidens, etc. Nowadays, dei dzat often represent
modern luxuries: automobiles, brief
phones, electric woks, etc

s, credit cards, mobile


iJ
at
i
N

an

\
>
7

Nil

sympathetic magic. Whenusing Chih Kuannon-jin Forcune
& oflgy of e'car makes che magic caer Each kwannon-jin has an element that they have a racial
affinity for. The kwannon-jin Fortunes at with their
descriptions in Chapter Three. When usin 1m this

element, the character receives an automatic Fa

Du-jen
Mu-jen, "wooden men," are Chinese voc

deat, they can be used by hse as a form of syn
— Festival of the First Moon (Wood); Tsai hur each doll may only be used once. The d

od of Wealeh, (Earth); Li Hun (Wood) carved from tung wood, or paulownia, then clothed t
un God (Fire) and Earth God (Earth) the target of the hsien's magic.

i'n Ming, fercility festival (Wood),
si Wang Mu (Metal) Poecry ~ ait

ummer Moon (Fire), Festival of the The tanuki introduced poetry as a Fortune. The:
a single poem for each I Chih in a particular

must be either participating in (or at least
val, China is filled

Eight Immorcals (Tao)
Fifth Moon — Dragon Boat Festival (Water) instance, the tanuki would write a unique haiku

five levels of Tieh Tan. No matter the effect gen
Level I Tich Tan, he could use the same poem. He v
another poem for Level 2 Tieh Tan effe on

Sixth Moon — Lung Wi
Seventh Moon
Eighth Moon
| Ninth Moon—

Tenth Moon—Kindly Moon (Wood),

Eleventh Moon — White Moon Festival, the Festival of
Tao)

Twelfth Moon — Bitter Moon Festival, The Kitchen God The season of the year can influence

(Barth) Chih. Fire magic, for instance, is much

Anc

Chaprer Five: Wu Tan

summer day. Water Alchemy iseasierin the winter, Metal in fall
and Wood in the springtime.
Sense

The caster and the target(s) must be experiencing the
same sensation to benefit from this Fortune. While the
carget does not have to be concentrating on the sensation,
she must be experiencing it. Water Alchemy is allied to
taste, Both the caster of the I Chih must be tasting the same
thing at the time the I Chih is cast to gain the benefit from
this Fortune.

Each element has its own sense associated with it. Earth is
linked to therich smell ofa plowed field. The sight of lame links
Fire magic to the senses. The heady taste of green tea is favored
by Water, while Meral listens for the distant sound of temple
bell orclash ofsword on sword. The soft couch of well-worncane
apeals to Wood

Skills

‘The use of Meditation, Martial Arts, Classics, Divination
(Feng Shui), Medicine (Chinese herbalism) can also help the
caster, The difficulty is always at least 8. Each success acts asa
Forcune (subtracting one success needed), up toa maximum of
three successes. Botching adds three to the number of successes
needed.

‘The skill must be performed immediately before the I Chih
is cast, or the character loses the Fortunes. Medicine is the
‘exception to this tule. Mastets of Chinese herbalism (Live dots)
can create liquid Fortunes. These potions can be stored for up to
a month and are keyed to a specific element. Water Fortune
potions give off steam; Fire potions glow with a deep, red light;
‘Wood potions are clotted with slime; Metal potions look like
‘mercury; and Earth potions give off a low hum, and look like mud

Wani Form

Wani form, the appearance given them by the August
Personage of Jade, is an automatic Fortune for the Shinma
Other shen know by now that a hsien's magic is much more
effective when clad in the regal forms of their heritage

Scep-by-Seep Wu Tan

1) What do you want to do?
sosea Wu Tan andthe Chih youare going to generate.
ng an old woman. She
decidestouse the Level 2 HouTan IChib to enlarge the soldiers
Fire Souls — hopefully making them ashamed of shirking their
duties and behaving so horribly:

2) Is the I Chil's effect Yin or Yang?

Determine appropriate Chi and, therefore, the difficuly
number of your rol. This also determines the Dice Pool — add
the appropriate Yin or Yang Attribute score to the score of Wu
Tan the characteris using.

Using Level (#) I Chih does not mean just add one die
toyour Dice Pool. You alwaysroll a numberof dice equal ro the
sun of your Wu Tan Ability plus the Attribute,

Land of Cighe CDittion Dreame

Since enlarging, or making something grow, is Yang Effect,
Xiong Fei's I Chih is Yang. Now we can f
‘umber and Dice Pool. Her YangChiis5,s .
is6. The Yang Ateribute fr Fire Ale Wits. Shehasa Wits
of 3 and her total Hou Tan score is 4, s0 she has 7 dice to roll.

3) Do you need to Modify the effect?

Determine number of successes needed by decidin,
need to Modify the effect with Abundance, Continuance,
Domain, Harm andor Magnitude. Remember that all effects
must have at least one success, plus those added by modifiers

The base effect of any I Chih is one person, but there are six
soldiers. Looking at Abundance, her player sees that she needs
‘wo more successes for the five extra soldiers. Also, the effect
only lastsa eurn, and Fei needs time to rescue the old woman, 50
she bumps up the time toa scene, for one extra success. Now we
know how many successes she needs. One for the base effect,
plus two foe the extra soldiers and one more for the extra time
—she needs four successes.

4) Which Fortunes can help you?

Reduce the number of successes due to Fortunes and
other abilities. You cannot reduce the number of successes
needed below one. The Fortunes ace Color, Direction, Dzi
Deat, Mu-Jen, Poetry, Kwannon-Jin Fortune, Season, Sense
and Stalls

Fei's player thinks about Fortunes, but none seem appropri-
ate — besides she does not have a lot of time, Then the
‘Storyteller says that Fei is standing south of the soldiei
isa Fortune for Hou Tan, so now she only needs threes

Don't forget any automatic successes gained by expending
Willpower!

5) What will it cost?

Determine amount of Yugen expended. Unless you are
using a Cohort, the cost to use Wu Tan is one point of Yugen.

Fei's player marks a point of Yugen off her sheet.

6) Do you sueceed?

Roll the dice, count the successes, and see if you have the
number needed.

She rolls 6, 5, 10, 8, 4, 6 and 2 — four successes. The
highest-ranking officer begins to berate the other soldiers for
theie shameful ways. Before Fei can even cross the street, the
s bogin dusting off the old woman.

you

uth

se.

Variations

Although thousands of effects can be generated by the
Chih described previously — ther casting an I
Chih isnot enough. What if you want co combine Alchemies,
ordefeata spell a rival is casting?

are times whi

Cohorzs - Combining Alchemies
WurTanccanbe combined intofearsome effects, buthsien ind
it difficult to weld together elements that are not linked to one
another on the constructive cycle. Each description of the Wu
Tan includes a description of that element's Cohorts — those
‘elements that precede and follow it along the constructive path.

ii

§

When one hsien wishes to destroy another hsien's mawic,
they must employ the destructive cycle. Each art lists its Adver-
sary in this cycle. By lookinga HouTan, one sees that Fire magic
is opposed by employing Shui Tan, Water alchemy.

Earth links the other elements, which isa source ofits great
weakness nd its greateststrength. Earth Alchemy, Di Tan can be
used asan Adversary toany other Art,even itself, Butt truly only
opposes one art — Water Alchemy. In all other cases, subtract
‘one success when using Earth to oppose any art but Water.

Conversely, allartscan oppose Earth because Earth touches
all elements. Wood depletes the soil to feed its own growth,
therefore, Wood can bese thwart Earth's power. Wood gains a
+1 success versus Earth powers.

System: If the successes ofthe countermagic exceed twice
thesuccessesof the target I Chi, the effectis destroyed. For this
reason, the destructive cycle is often performed asa ritual

‘The destruction of another's Chih isalwaysa Yin effect, ose
thecharacters inChirodererminethe difficulty ofthe countermagic:

‘System: The Yugen cost fora Cohort is equal to the sum
ofthe Wu Tan being combined as long asall the clementsare
Cohorts. Cohorts do not require additional successes, just
one is needed. Non-Cohort effects must generate a success
per element, and they cost 2 Yugen per element used in the
effect.

Examples: Tai the suijen has Di Tan 3 and Tieh Tan 3. Metal
and Earthare Cohorts, sohe could easilyanimateastec/-reinforced
bridge and make it writhe like a snake. It will cost 2 Yugen
generate the effect (1 for each element) and he only needs one
success forthe effect. If Earth and Steel were not Cohorts, then it
would cost 4 Yugen and require two successes. (Tai would need 2
more due to Magnitude just co effect a small bridge-)

What about Earth, Metal and Wood? Wood and Metal are
not Cohorts, although Earth and Wood, and Metal and Earch
are Cohorts. Because all of the elements are not Cohorts, it is.
still considered to be a non-Cohor Effect. An effect using all
three elementscosts6 Yugen (2 perelement) and must generate

LA,

SS
NK

TS

Ss

yn

NAK

oA

Toy

three successes (1 per element)

Fortunes cannot reduce the number of successes below the
minimum for Cohort effects. So in the case of the Earth, Metal
and Wood effect above, the player can buy down any extra
successes for modifiers the player might add, just not the
minimum of three successes needed for the Cohort effect.

Councermagic

‘There are two systems for countermagic. By Balancing the
Furies combating Yin with Yang, and vice versa —ahsien can
block or disrupt an effect during its casting. The Destructive
Cycle is a more difficult and complex method for dispelling an
ongoing effect.

Balancing the Furi ‘in and Yang balance one another.
‘This simple principle allows Shinma todiffuse I Chih as they are
being cast. The target of the effect expends Yugen toactivate her
Chi — balancing the power of attacker's Chi. Ifthe characteris
the target ofa Yin effect, then she uses her Yang Chitoresist the
magic. If she is the target of a Yang effect, she then uses her Yin
Chi. For each point of Yugen spent, up to a maximum of the
character's appropriate Chi, the target forces the castertoroll an
additional success.

For example, a komuko is targeting a hanumen with Yang
effect. The player and Storyteller agree that the komuko needs
five successes. The player of the hanumen hasa Yin Chi of 4. He
blows 4 Yugen (the maximum he can spend) to Balance the
Furies. The komuko now needs nine successes

While this seems very powerful, the tradeoff is that the
defender almost always spends more Yugen than the attacker.

‘The Destructive Cycle: Just as there is a constructive
cycle, there isalsoa destructive cycle to the universe. Normally,
mages use the constructive cycle of elements for their magic —
even when the effects seem "deseructive." The destructive cycle
is used to destroy continuing magical effects of other hsien.

In the destructive cycle, Wood destroys Earth by draining
its Yang energies to feed itself. Fire melts Metal. Earth pollutes
water. Metal chops down Wood, and Water puts out Fire.

Look up the elemene whose I Chih effect your characteris rying to
countermagic. This will give you the element's Adversary — the
clement that consumes i in the destructive cycle. Basically you are
just generatinga Yin effectusing that Alchemy toconsume the other
‘magic, so your Dice Pool is equal to the Adversary element's Yin
Axuibute plus the level youhave in thacalchemy.Ifyoudonot have
the comect Adversary element, youcan always generate a Yin Earth
(Di Tan) effect, but you muse subsract one from the number af
successes you achieve. What if you have neither? How unfortunate!
‘You are about to live in "interesting times."

For Cohort effects, you only need to have the Adversary
Alchemy of one the elements that make up the Cohort. You do
not need to oppose all of the Alchemies.

Egg Mao decides to ruin his neighbors lemon tree that burns
him whenever he steals the lemons. The tree isa Cohort effect of
‘Wood and Fire that took 10 successes (Circumstance 2, Continu-
ance 5, Harm I and Magninude 2). He needs 20 successes to
destroy the effect. He decides to use a Yin Water effect. Unfortu-
nately, his Shui Tan sonly 2andhis Staminais 3, givinghimonly
five dice. Drat — better give up lemons, or buy a fireproof axe!

Ricuals (Excended Accions)

Rituals differ from regular I Chih castings in four arcas. Firs,
Rituals differ in scope. Usually the hsien needs 10, 20 or more
successes to complete a ritual. A player may come up with a truly
titanic Chih or Cohort effect that they cannot possibly generate
the number of successes necessary with a single die rll. Rather
than just have to give up or wait to become more powerful, they
can ask the Storyteller to let them perform a ritual.

Xiong Fei decicles chat the farmers of her province have
suffered enough under the drought. She is going to calla gentle
rainstorm to cover the entire province for two days. This is a
Level 31 Chih, and its definitely a Yang effect, so she adds her
Manipulation of 2 to her Shui Tan score of 3, giving her five
dice. Her Yang Chi is 6 o her dificulty is 5. All the modifiers
(Continuance 3, Domain 4, Magnitude 6) acd 13 to her base
success of one, s0 she needs 14 successes! Fat chance.

Chapeer Five: We Tan

TS


x
iat?

A
4

Rituals also take a lot more time. The Storyteller divides
the ritual event into segments of time. The average length fora
segment is one scene (usually an hour), but longer segments of
daysare possible. Actheend ofeach segment, the player rollsthe
same number of dice as they would for a normal I Chih roll. But
the successes are cumulative. Fortunes can be used, but only
count once. (You cannot use the Fortune for each segment, or
roll)

The Storyteller was the player that this ation is ely 10 bring
an investigation by the Ministry of Water, the Shui Fu, but he agrees
to let Xiong Fei try avitwal. Each segment in which Fei keeps up the
ritual wall vake her two hours

Rituals are more difficult. The minimum difficulty is +1,
but that would be if the ritual was being performed at an
auspicious site with all the trappings necessary.

Trying to hide from the Shui Fu, Xiong Fei's player decides
to perform the ritual inside her room, Such an inauspicious site
causes the Storyteller to add +2 to the difficulty. Now Xiong Fei
‘s difficulty number is 7.

‘The hardest part has nothing to do with numbers or dice.
The player must come up with appropriate gods to invoke,
possibly write a small poem, or describe all the preparations and
clements of the ritual. Ifthe Storyteller feels the player does an.
exceptional job, he may lower the difficuley modifier or award
further Fortunes to the player.

Xiong Fei spends aday cleaning her room and draping it in
black. She purchases a dzi dzat ofa rain cloud and fillsall of the
howls in her house with water. The Storyteller awards her three
Fortunes for her efforts, and she begins rolling. She needs 10

‘There are dangers, of course, The effect of the I Chih begins
building immediately. Hsien with the appropriate Alchemy may
notice the magical effect building — sometimes even the spits
will fink on a character. The character cannot stop her prayers
failing as well. (The Storyteller may wish to make the
st make Willpower rolls, difficulty 7 to keep going.) And
final bit ofbad news, if the character botches any ofher rolls,
theritual fails horibly. The exact effects are up to the Storyteller.

Afier the first four hours, Fei rolls a 5, 7,8, 2 and 6 — two
suecesses. During the next segment, she gets three more — now
she is halfway home. Outside, the clouds begin to roll in.
Suddenly, before her next segment is up, there isa knock at the
door. Fei makesa Willpower roll and keeps going. Suddenly, the
door bursts open and a flower flies out of the darkness of the
hallway. It is Yellow Lotus...

Ys

Tey, Tey Again
Repeating a failed I Chih requires expending a Willpower
point and increases the difficulty by one.

MDutciple Accions

Hsien can generate a maximum of one effect per turn. They
can splitthe Dice Pools and attempt some other task and casting
an I Chih in the same turn. Shinma may not split their Dice
Pools and cast two I Chih though.

12

Land of Cight QDillion Dreams

Helping Hands

During rituals or extremely important I Chih effects, the
characters may wish to combine their efforts. Only characters
with the same Wu Tan (Alchemy) can combine their efforts.

All of those involved must choose one of their number as
the actual caster, whose player will roll the dice. The other
players add a number of dice equal to their Wu Tan score to that
player's roll.

Ifthe casterbotches the roll, they all take the effects equally.

Shencao - Dececting CDagic

Shentaoisthe Shinma's ability to perceive the ebband flow
of Chienergy including determining its Yin/Yang alignment.
‘With this Talent, they can find dragon lines, dragon nests and
discern when Wu Tan is being used in their presence. The
difficulty of such tasks is 6, but three or more successes are
needed to analyze che magic, unless the particular Alchemy is
Inown to the hsien.

The Alchemies

To remain whole be twisted!

To become straight, let yourself be bent

Ta become full, be hallow,

Be tattered, that you may be renewed.

Those that have ltl, may get more,

Those that have much, ae be perplexed

Chuang Tsu

ien CDing —
he CDandaze of Heaven

To most Chinese, Tien Ming is akin to the moral order of
the universe. [tencompasses the way things should be, the way
one should act, and to a greater extent, one's destiny. The hsien
regard this conceptas both their place in the Middle Kingdom
and the powers given tothem:the WuTan, The Wa Tan istheir
birthright and their responsibility

Each Alchemy is divided into 1 Chih, "righteous judg-

rents." These are the powers given to them by Plan Ku when
they helped him create the Middle Kingdom,

To make the themes of Wu Tan more easily understood,
each art, or Tan, is described in a certain format.

€lemencal Alchemies

Remember that each element in che Chinese system en-
‘compasses much broader associations than the Greck system we
are used to. Yes, they include natural phenomena such as rain,
rocks, and fie, but also the Elemental Souls of man and theit
associations with his emotions and drives.

Each Alchemy begins witha brief discussion of the element
and its allegories.

Elemental Soul: The Chinese system of elements influ-
ences more than dirt and flame. Remnants ofthese forces reside


G

in the psyche of all beings. The hsien can influence these facets
of the elements — affecting the mood and perceptions of the
inhabitants of the Middle Kingdom,

Virtue: Each element's virtue describes whether tis either
weighted toward Yin, Yang, or Balance. Some elementsare even
more associated with Yin or Yang. They are listed as being
"Greater" or "Lesser."

Constructive Cohorts: Some arts can be combined with,
no extra effort. These are called the constructive Cohorts. They
are the elements before and after this element in the construc-
tive cycle.

Adversary: This is the element used for countermagic.
Each element is paired co another that can most easily unravel
its effects. This is governed by the destructive cycle of elements.

Fortunes: Fortune lists the most common Fortunes associated
with each element. The listing is not exhaustive, and the Story-
teller is the ultimate arbiter of which Fortunes are appropriate.

Yin and Yang Attributes: When using Wu Tan, the Dice
Pool isfound by adding the Yin A teribuce to the Tan score when
attempting Yin effects, or by adding the Yang Attribute to the
Tan score when attempting Yang effects, While each Chih has
examples of Yin and Yang effects, the Storyteller isthe ultimate
judge as to whether an effect is Yin or Yang.

Examples of I Chih: The systems for using I Chih already
explained allow the player and Storyteller to generate thou-
sands of effects. Some helpful examples are given here. Each
effect has a name, but the power is listed in parentheses.

Di Tan: Carch Alchemy

Masters of Di Tan are often wise advisors and sometimes
fearsome mandarins. Many of the Yu consider masters of the Di
Tan to be insigheful, balanced rulers. Therefore, numeroushsien
will flock to the yellow banner of a master of Earth.

Earth represents al rock, sol, stone, gems and minerals. Earth
is the center of all the elements and, as such, connects all the
<lementsandlsthefulerum ofthe Chinese perception ofthe world.
Indeed, Earth also represents the Middle Kingdom (reality).

Earth Soul — The Earth Soul gives beings their capacity
for wisdom, insight, understanding and overall common sense.
Irgovernsone's ability to make wise choices. Therefore, leaders,
priests and advisors often have powerful Earth Souls. It also
influences the Intelligence Attribute.

Often, people say more orlessabouta subjectthan they know
(people talk out of theirass). Musing on a person's Earth Soul can
reveal this. Hsien can lear much by enlarging a person's Earth
Soul (a Yang effect). This will help chem make wise decisions. OF
course, the opposite is true. Diminishing one's Earth Soul (a Yin
effect) makes sound decisions much more difficult.

Virtue: None, Earch's Chi is balanced.

Constructive Cohorts: Fire and Metal.

Adversary: Wood depletes the sol to feed its own growth,
therefore, Wood can best thwart Earth's power. Because Earth,
touches all elements, it can be defended by any elemental art,
‘but Wood gains an automatic success versus Earth powers.

Fortunes: The center of any room or place; the day of any
seasonal or harvest festival, or festivalshonoring the god HouT'u,
or the emperor Huang Ti; the color yellow, and the sense of smell.

Yin and Yang Attribute: Intelligence. Unlike the other
elements, Earth has only one attribute, Intelligence. This cor-
responds to Earth's connection with the other elements —
Earth tends to know what is going on and has some experience
with all che other elements

Examples of Carch 1 Chih
To illustrate these examples of Di Tan, we will accompany
Xiong Fei, a komuko master of Earth Alchemy. She isa member of
the Wu Hsien, with strong ties to the village where she went
through Kun Shou. Her loyalties lie with the small shrineshe guards.
and to her human farnily and neighbors who bring offerings there.
Yin Chi 6 (difficulty 5), Yang Chi 6, (difficulty 5), Yugen_
12, Intelligence 3, Di Tan 5

@ Encreac che Yellows CDandarins (Com-
mune)

A farmer's wife has gone missing from her bed during the night
‘The farmer goes tothe shrine and prays for help. Overhearing, Fei
decides to investigate. She goes to the ground outside the woman's
window and sees some footprints. She decides to talk to the ground
ouside the window:

First, talking to a spirit is a Yang effect. Therefore, the
difficulty is 5, and her Dice Pool is 8. Now, let's figuce out
the number of successes needed. One suceess for the base
effect (Commune), plus five for Magnitude of Change (she
wants good information), and an additional success to
lengthen the time to one scene (Continuance). She needs

Fortunes reduce these successes, and she will need! a few
She gains one Fortune automatically since the komuko are
aligned with Earth (kwannon-jin Fortune). Knowing she was
looking for the woman, she also prepared a mu-jen (doll) of the
missing woman, for a total of wo Fortunes. This means she now

needs fi ses. Fei's player rolls: 4, 7, 2, 8,8, 10, 7 and 10

e sucet

—six successes!
Fei buries the mu-jen in the ground, and says, "Oh wise
spirit of the Earth what can you tell me of those thac passed
beneath this window ewo-nighes past!"
The ground beginsto str beneath Fe'sfet. "Komuko,Ifeleawoman
—the ferme suifeby herlght read —passoverme. believe sheunsely
left chrough this window usith her Lover, a dyer by the reek of hi

@@ Command che Vassals of Tu Ti

Fei remembers her teacher telling her stories of Tu Ti, the
god of Earth, and how he gave the komuko the responsibility for
‘overseeing his servants, the Di Shen. She decides to summon
‘one to help protect her shrine from a gang of Shu Shen.

Effect: Summoning a Di Shen is a Yang effect. (Yang Chi
determines difficulty, Die Pool equals Di Tan plus Intelligence)

Modifiers: Itrequires five successes due to the Yugen ofthe
spirit (45) plus the Wall rating — usually four in a shrine:

Chapzer Five: Wu Tan

SAYS
RaMh



@ The Flame Bears Wicness
(Read Elemencat Sout)

Being cricky, Xui Met sent one of her underlings to seduce
the married chamberlain of her lover. Now she wants to find out
what happened. She goes co the court and regards the
chamberlain's Fire Soul as he speaks to her servant.

She castsaLevel | HouTan IChih and regardshis ire Soul
as her attendant speaks to him of last nigh's tryst.

Efe

Modifiers: She just wants to make sure he had the affair, so
she needs three successes for Magnitude of Change, plus one for
the effect, or four successes.

‘Other Modifiers: Any other modifier can be used.

First, reading an Elemental Soul isa Yin effect. Therefore,
thedifficulty is 7, andher Dice Polis 7. Sheneedsfoursuccesses
due her modifiers.

in effect to read bis soul.

She does not want to be seen working magic, soall she has
isherkwannon-jin Fortune (Fire) to offset. This meansshe now
needs three successes. Mei's player rolls: 3, 10,5,7,6,9 and 1—
Mei Fails.

She tries again; she expends a point of Willpower and now
her difficulty is 8. Mei's player rolls: 5,9, 2, 10, 6,4 and 10 —
three succes

Mei sees the dark flame of impropriety glow within che
chamberlain and Mei smiles sweetly

@@e The Fiery Claws
of Chih Ching-csu (Elemencal Fisc)

‘Xui Mei's blackmail scheme has failed, but the chamberlain's
goons made a mistake as well —they think thiscat has no claws!

Hearing them outside her door, Fei burns a point of Yugen and
shifs into her wani form.

two success

tothebasicone sucvessfortheeflect Shetake:
more to boost her damage. Mei needk seven successes on six dice!

Other Modifiers: The only other modifier would be to take
more successes for damage.

First, Blemental Fist isa Yang effect. Therefore, the difficuly is
4,andherDice Poolis6, Sheneedsseven successesdueher modifies.

She has her kwannon-jin Fortune (Fire), and wani form
to help offset the successes. Luckily, she is also dressed in @
red silk robe and is standing south of her attackers (Direc-
tion). This means she now needs three successes, Mei's player
rolls 4, 4, 8, 8, 7 and 4 — six successes.

Me?'s claws burst into flame, giving her five extra damage

dice to roll —a total of eight aggravated damage dice! (Her
claws do Strength + 1.)
Nice, kitty.

1G

"Tich Tan: CDezal Alchemy
The Metal element encompasses all precious and working

metals: gold, silver, ion, brassand steel. While rather limited in
scope compared to Water or Earth, Metal's overwhelminguse is

to fashion tools — especially tools of war. Masters of Metal can.
bbe incredibly skilled artisans, or unassailable warriors
Metal Soul — The Metal Soul contains a person's sense of
justice, honesty, and fair play. Perception and Dexterity are the
Metal Attributes. Judges, vigilantes, human-rights activists and
civil rights supporters possess bold Metal Souls.
Listening to a Metal Soul often reveals if one is speaking
honestly. Enlarginganother's Metal Soul asparcofa Yangeffectean
‘make others ell you the ruth, Yin effects can make iteasier tole.
‘Virtue: Lesser Yin,
Constructive Cohorts: Earth, Water.
Adversary: Fite melts Metal.
Fortunes: Autumn, hearing, white, festivalshonoring Shao
Hao, metalworking factories or workshops
Yin Attribute: Perception — All is fair in nothingness
Yang Attribute: Dexterity —Steel is quick, like the flick.
of arazor,

Examples of Decal 1 Chih

Meet Yin Chyou, member of the Yu and Kuan (count) of
the town, Hunchun,
Yin Chi 6 (difficulty 5), Yang Chi 5, (difficulty 6), Yugen
LA, Dexterity 4, Perception 5, Tieh Tan 4

@@e Pachs of Iron
(Pachs of che Clemencs)
Chyou hears from an informant in the Shu Shen (the
Profane Gods) that a Kuei-jin is dwelling on the third floor of a
building in Hunchun. He goes inside the lobby and asks for the
bathroom. A guard escorts him there and he sees a small vent.
Reaching up he touches it with his hand.
Effect: Yang (difficulty 6, Dice Pool 9)
Modifiers: Chyou decides to travel around inside the metal
ductwork of the building, so he needs Domain 1, and Continu-
ance 2, (He wants to travel around for 2 hours.)
Other Modifiers: Any other modifier can be used, except
the I Chih cannot target another individual.
Paths of the Elements is a Yang effect. Therefore, the
difficulty is 6, and her Dice Pool is 9, He needs four successes due
his modifiers, plus one for the effect — five successes in all,
His kwannon-jin Fortune lowers the successes co four,
hyou's

tout the player does not want co risk any others.
player rolls: 3, 5, 10, 1, 4, 10, 1, 7, and 5 — one success
Chyou fails,

He expends a point of Willpower to try again, bur now his
difficulty is 6. Chyou's player rolls: 5, 8, 3, 4, 1, 3,3, 1, and 10—

Chyou hears the guard knocking.

SSS The Chisel of Pan Ku
(Awaken che Elemencs)
‘The door bursts open and the guardcomes in with his gun drawn.

CChyou could shift into his want form and either face down
the guard or let him shoot — in that form, the bullets would do

Chaprer Five: Wu Tan.


little to him. (He automatically soaks his stamina in Health
Levels of damage.) Instead, he must preserve his identity, so he
will break the guard's gun.

Effect: This isa Yin effect since he is trying to degrade the
metal workings of the gun (difficulty 5, Dice Pool 9). It could
easily be a Yang effect if he was going to tie it ina knot, but
degradation or decay makes the effect Yin.

Modifiers: The Storyteller says Chyou needs three suc-
cesses to corrupt the metal workings of the gun to an extent it
will not function.

Other Modifiers: any

Awaken Element isa Yang effect. Therefore, the difficuley
is 5, and her Dice Pool is 9. He needs four successes due to the
modifiers and the basic success required for the effect.

He has kwannon jin Fortune to help offset the successes
so he now needs three successes. Chyou's player rolls 1, 2,7,9,
10, 7, 10, 6 and 9 — six successes!

‘The guard's gun clicks like a cooling radiator and slightly
‘ovissin his hand, The puzzled man pulls the trigger uselessly as
the hsien brushes past him and out the door.

Shai Tan: Cazer Alchemy

The Shui Fu, the Ministry of Water is the most powerful,
subtle, but inefficient forve in the Middle Kingdom. Masters of
Warerare dreaded and venerated, but most serve them out of fear.

‘Water is one of the most powerful elements. It encom-
passes all things liquid and gaseous. This includes clouds,
methane, water, blood, etc. Water is inherently vital, yet
dangerous and deceptive. Water also controls wind and
storms (but not lightning).

‘Water Soul — The Water Soul encompasses a person's
faith in others and in the powers of the universe. It also
encompasses fidelity and confidence, and the Water attributes.
are Manipulation and Stamina. Capitalists, crime lords and
those who love to be the objects of loyalty and power marshal
great Water Souls.

Communing with a Water Soul helps gauge the person's
loyalty, confidence, ete. Siphoning a person's Water Soul (Yin
effect) can destroy their confidence in themselves and others.
Canny leaders increase (Yang effect) their followers' Water
Souls, ensuring their loyalty.

Virtue: Greater Yin

Constructive Cohorts: Metal, Wood

Adversary: Earth

Fortunes: Cold, north and winter, the sense of taste, the
color black, faith, Festivals of the dragon boats, and animals
associated with water.

Yin Attribute: Stamina — the void never tires.

Yang Attribute: Manipulation — Water's waysare one's of.
court: subtlety and wrathful vengeance.

Wazcer | Chih Cxamples

Meet Yin Jaw-long, Xunfu of the Shui Fu, the Ministry of
Water. He is the magistrate of Hunchun city. Xunfu is the

116 Land of Cight CDitlion Dreams

master of the lakes and rivers of his province. He keeps his
underlings busy with a flood of pointless reports, while he keeps
tabs on his true interest — treasure.

Yin Chi? (difficulty 4), YangChis (difficulty 6), Yugen 12,
‘Stamina 2, Manipulation 4, Shui Tan 5

@Se Enzreac The Accendancs of the
(acer Dragon (Nurcure Elemencal Soul)

Jaw-long hears that one of his minor workers, lowly tu-di
(rank 1 bureaucrat) has founda wonderful figurine of black jade
in the shape of a tortoise. He intends to make the young itl
"donate" it to him.

Yang (difficulty 6, Dice Pool 9)

+ He wants to Nurture her Water Soul — at-
tempting to talk her into giving the jade to the ministey as a
faithful member ofthe Shui Fu. The Storytellersayshe will need
five successes (Magnitude of Change) to force her to give up
such a valuable item.

Other Modifiers: Any other modifier can be used

Nurcure Water Soul is a Yang effect. Therefore, the diff-
culty is 6, and the Dice Pool is 9. He needs five successes due his
‘modifiers, plus one for the effect — six successes in all.

His kwannon-jin Fortune lowers the successes to five, but
the greedy Jaw-long isnot satisfied. Firsthe isclad ina black silk
robe (Color), then he makes the girl stand so he is north of her
(Direction) and he waits to her to call until che day of the
Dragon Boat Festival (Festival). Now he needs but three suc-
cesses, Jaw-long's player rolls: 10,9, 1,2, 1,8, 10, 7, and 6—four

Smiling, the foolish tui hands over the turtle into the
covetous hands of Jaw-long

SOS Awaken che Black Torcoise
(Awaken Jade)

Now that he has the jade, Jaw-long can't wait to Awaken
it. Besides, today is such an auspicious day, he can't wait.

Effect: This isa Yin effect since he is trying to Awaken the
Yin Chi inside the figurine.

Modifiers: The Storyteller says Jaw-long needs 10 suc-
cesses togive the jadea Yin Chiof5. Hecould chose fewerpoints
of Chi, but Jaw-long is ¢luttonous.

Other Modifiers: any

‘Awakening Yin Chi in jadeis, not surprisingly, Yin effect.
Therefore, the difficulty is 4, and her Dice Pool is 9. He needs
1 successes due to the modifies, and the basic success required
for the effect.

He has all the Fortune above except direction, so that
leaves him with three Fortunes. His player decides to spend a
pointof Willpower, sonowheneeds toroll even successes Jaw-
Tong's player rolls 4,4, 6,9, 10,7, 8, 2 and 3 — seven successes!

‘The turtle stirs briefly in hishand and then grows as cold as
the midnight-colored water at the bottom of Xingkai Lake. Jaw-
Tong's laughter ripples through the ebon-marbled walls of the
‘Shui Fu. Gleefully, he dances around his throne.

WY


Lin Tan: Wood Alchemy

‘Wood represents the power of the natural world, and assuch
has power over much of the world. The natural phenomena it is
associated with are: any kind of plant, youth, health, and growth.

Wood Soul — The Wood Soul is responsible fora person's
morality. Ir controls their lusts and their capacity to empathize
with others, All living creatures possess Wood Soul. Even.
though life feeds on life, this soul encompasses compassion. The
Appearance and Strength Attributes represent the vital nature
of the Wood element. As such, nurses, athletes, doctors and
most mothers possess a hearty Wood Soul

Wood Souls communicate the state of a being's health,
among other things. A hsien can also incite lust in another by
using a Yang effect to excite another's Wood Soul. The same
hsien can use a Yin effect to deaden a target's Wood Soul,
possibly making him impotent. Since the Wood Soul governs
person's goodness, powerful Yineffect may entice aperson into
a knowingly evil act.

Virtue: Lesser Yang
Cohorts: Earth and Bite

fetal

Fortunes: Spring, green, touch, east, sunrise, moming,
acacia trees, catalpa crees, chestnut crees, hemlock trees, pine
trees, peach trees, white cedar trees, festivals of the god Kou
Mang, and the emperor T'ai Hao.

Yin Attribute: Appearance. The beautiful flower often
hides the thorn,

Yang Attribute: Strength. Vigor is the lifeblood of spring.
With this power, things can be built, and seed can be sewn.

Wood 1 Chih Examples

‘Xun Ting's life has taken a brutal carn. Much of his Chi was,
eaten by a Kuet-jin. Surprisingly, it was another Kuei-jn that saved
him, The beautifuland quiet woman named Sen told him that she may
cask Ting fora favor. Last week, she came for repayment. Xuan Ting
‘must killa Kin-jin, a Waigoren Kuet-jin who threatens the dead one's
wu, her undead family

Xun Ting: Yin Chis (difficulty 6), YangChi4, (difficulty 7),
Yugen 9, Strength 3, Appearance 4, Lin Tan 5

@@S Wood Fise (Ctemencal Fise)

Disaster. The Kin-jin laughed at Ting's challenge and sent
his lessors to fight Xun Ting, He looks down to his feet and
watches them merge into a long tail as he call upon his wani
form.

Effect: Yang effect

Modifiers: Ting wants this effect co las fora scene (Con-
‘inuance), so that adds success to the basic one success for the
effect. He takes four more to boost his damage. Ting needs six
successes on nine dice!

Other Modifiers: the only other modifier would be to take
more successes for damage.

Fit, Elemental Fist isa Yang effect. Therefore, the difficulty
is7, and his Dice Pool is8. He needs six successes due his modifiers.

x
%

He has the kwannon-jin Fortune (Wood), and wani form
tw help offset his successes. Luckily, he is also dressed in green
silk robe (Color). This means he now needs three succe:
Ting's player rolls 10, 9, 8, 9, 7, 10, 7 and 4— seven success

Xun Ting's hands owist into thorny knots, giving him four
extra damage dice to roll — a toral of eight aggravated damage
dice! (His claws do Strength + 1.)

SSS Summon che Forese of Spears
(Summon Elemene)

Surprisingly for Xun Ting, the Kin-jin really hated his
‘Wooden Fists! He managed to escape with this life (and Chi)!
He also noted that they fell tosleep when run through. He fights
his way into the courtyard where the mandarin of the Kin-jin
awaits him.

Confidently, the Waigoren slowly gets up from table where a
young boy is chained. The demon wipes his mouth and slowly closes
the distance to the serpentine fuchst.

Effect: This isa Yang effect since he is summoning wooden.
stakes — hoping one will stop him.

Modifiers: Domain | (20 yards straight up), Abundance 5
(1000), Harm 2 (4 Dice)

Other Modifiers: Any

Summoning is alwaysa Yang effect. The difficulty is 7, and
his Dice Pool is 9. He needs 10 successes due to the modifiers,
and the basic success required for the effect.

He has the kwannon-jin Fortune (Wood), and wani form
tohelp offser his successes. As before, he isdressed in ayreen silk
tobe (Color), His player decides to spend a point of Willpower,
too — this means he now needs seven successes. Ting's player
rolls 10, 1, 7, 2, 1, 8, 1, 8and 7 — only two successes!

Nei Tan: Incernal Alchemy

First, let's define what the Tao Te Hsien is not. It is not the
Tavism of Lao Tsu, although it was inspired by this philosophy.
‘The pointofthe Tao Te Haien isthe understandingof these'
place in the cosmos since the coming of the Wall, Unlike the
human philosophy, it has a concrete goal — to give a hsien the
power co break chrough the Wall and journey to the spirit
worlds.

Irshares many of the Tao's characteristics. Followers of the
Tao Te Hsien tend co ignote the teappingsof mortal society and
seek a life of contemplative ease in nature. They love learning
for its own sake, but care little for politics. Some are scientists,
‘some are priests, some ate beggars, and some are warriors. The
hsien of Japan have modified the Tao Te Hsien into a Zen-like
philosophy called Hsien-do, but unlike many other religions,
the Tao Te Hsien welcomes change and individualism, as long
as is does not lead to self aggrandizement. Like its human
predecessor, it is quiet, mysterious and profound.

Ie has five steps, which roughly correspond to the Taoist
creation story, but in reverse. In Taoist tradition, first there was
Wu-Wo, Not Nothing. From nothing came Wu Chi, No Limit.
This spawned Hu T'un, Chaos. But in the center of this
was a still point, a speck at first, which became T'ai Chi, the

7

Chapeer Five: Tan

re


Tao Te Hsien
and che King of che CDonkeys

When the August Personage revoked his mandate from,
the Wan Xian, and the Wall waserected between the Middle
Kingdom and the other words, the hsien lost their way for a
time. Many of those that survived went insane; others sank
into despairsince they could no longer roam the outer worlds
at whim. Only a fool could save the

Hanuman sought out solace on the mountain where he
wasborn. There he met How Ti, a Taoist priest. He defended
the priest from the Kuei-jin and the Profane Gods. More
importantly, forthe firs time in his immortal life,
listened and learned fom someone. After many
Tis teachings slowly changed the Monkey King.

| met, Hou Ti laughed at Hanuman'santics, reprimanded his
| mistakes, but always encouraged him to be true to his
| acute. Together, they learned theie place in the world,
| until one afternoon when the old priest did not wake from
his nap. Hanuman buried the little man beside the stream
where they first met.

The next morning aly
end of his tail. At first, Hanuma
make of it. Sensibly thinking ic magical, he hoped it might
open any lock sohe tried to break into palaces and many of
the ministries, but it never quite fit any lock. Frustrated,
Hanuman used itt erack open nuts, and eventually threw
it in a river — disgusted with his useless yet magical key.
The next day he awoke and it was on his tail again,

Now all the monkeys laughed at him, joking that his
tail obviously knew what to do with the key. "Too bad
Hanuman's posterior is smarter than his head!" they all
said,

Finally, he decided to throw it offa dragon boat while
hewas travelling between dragon nests. Instead ofsailing to
his destination the confused monkey found the boat trav
eling along side the Wall itself — up ic stretched toward

led top covered with snow. Strange as this

ll determined coridhimselfofthe key,

so he threw it at the Wall. Instead of shattering on its

agranitesides, the key lew likean arrow intoanasyetunscen

keyhole. Hanuman leaned out of the boat and tuened the
key. The Wall opened, and Hanuman was free!

So Hanuman immediately got into trouble.

ist Petsonage of Jace caught hin in his peach

abbed up the monkey-man by his tail, and
with a flick, sent him buck to the Middle Kingdom. There,
Hanuman told Tu, the komuko guardian of the Library of
Earth about the Jade Key. Tu wrote down what Hanuman
said and later expanded upon it when he also mastered the
Tao. His writings are collected in the Tao Te Hsien,

Land of Cighe CDittion Dreams


Great Pole. From this grew Great Change, Tail, Thisphenom-

enon is divided into two stages: Tai Chu, the Great First or

form, and T'ai Shib, the Great Beginning or the First Breath

(Chi). All of these finally lead to the creation of the First Age
Tai Su, the Great Primordial

Why are steps the reverseof the creation story? The pursuit
of the Tao Te Hsien isa struggle to trace the stages of creation
back toNo Limit, Wu Chi—to break the bond that limits their
travel to the spiric worlds. (From the story of Hanuman, this
achievement is also called the Jade Key.)

There are many paths back to No Limit, but the surest is
found in the Tao Te Hsien. Iris rumored that the Profane Gods
hhave their own version of Nei Tan, called Hac Tao, the "Black
Way." A Yama King dictated this foul text to the founding
Profane God during the Third Age.

System: Nei Tan uses che same basic system as the
other Alchemies. There are Yin and Yang effects and,
therefore, Yin and Yang Chi determine the difficulty num-
ber of the coll.

‘The basic difference is with the Dice Pool. There are no
Tao characteristics, so a character's Dice Pool is not found by
adding character's Nei Tan score toa characteristic. The Dice
Pool is equal to a character's Tao score.

The Tao score improves like Yin and Yang Chi—basedon
roleplay. Itislimited to theaverage of acharacter's Yinand Yang,
Chi (round down),

The Nei Tan score controls what the character can accom
plish, by governing his I Chib use. Ir can only increase when a
characters Chi scores are balanced, Characters cannot use
magic to balance their Chi and then increase this ability. The
scores must be naturally balanced

Virtue: Balance

Consteuctive Cohorts: None

Adversary: Nei Tan is its own Adversary

Fortunes: Meditation, sites of natural beauty, dragon nests,
posessing balanced Chi

Yin and Yang Attribute: Unlike the elemental arts, the
Tao art, Nei Tan, does not use an attribute to determine its
Dice Pool. The power of this alchemy comes from the
understanding of the Asien' place in the cosmas, therefore, it
is solely dependent upon a character's comprehension of the
Tao. Tao is, and no more, Therefore, use the Tao score of a
character for the Dice Pool. The maximum Tao score is the
average (round down) of a character's Yin and Yang Chi
scores. (When studying Tao Te Hsien, it is best to keep your
Chi in balance

Modifiers: Even though some of these effects seem to
cangec others, iis important to note that this Alchemy springs
fcom inside the hsien. Any effece must be chought of as
centering on the sien, notothers. A Shinuna may not directly
effect the real world without channeling that power through
herself

‘The most common modifiers for Nei Tan are: Continu-
Circumstance and Magnitude. The Storyteller should
restrict use of Abundance and Domain.

@Tai Su: The Greac Primordial

This is the first step in the Tao Te Hsien. During this last
stage of creation, the forms of nature were beginning toset into
known patterns. The apprehension of T'ai Su allows the
Shinma to play with his or her form. They can change their
visage, and some hsien become practiced at assuming the forms
of animals.

‘Shapechange: Magnitude of Change governs most of chis
ability. Altering one's face is considered a minor change, no
extra successesare required. Changing sex isa basic change (one
cextra success). Altering one's face, sex and race is a significant
change. Changing one's species is 2 major change and requires
at least five successes.

‘While the character gains some abilities of a new species,
they ate not skilled in cheie new forms. Fish can breathe water,
‘but don't know how to swim well. Birds have the ability to fly,
but may not know how, Storytellers can let their players create
new Abilities for theie animal forms.

Players who wish to eurn themselves into giant creatures
must use the appropriate elemental Alchemies to increase
Attributes

(Of course, a player must use Continuance to maintain the
new form.

Visage of the Dead: This powerful Yin effect allows the
Shinma to effectively kill their bodies for a period of time.
By summoning forth their Yin Chi, some hsien make their
bodies scem like rotting corpses or mummified remains.
Here's the catch — the hsien 1s dead for the time period of
the effect. A character has no recollection or perception of
what transpiees. Some unfortunate hsien have awakened
buried, or were devoured by animals before the spell wore
off.

As above, use Magnitude of Change. A freshly dead corpse
is the base effect. While mummies take five ot more extra
successes. Circumstance is very useful. Placing a ward that you
will wake up if something bites you may be very useful.

Modifiers: The most common modifiers or this power ate:
Domain, Continuane:

Yin — Any use of Visage of the Dead is a Yin effect.

Yang — Shapechange isa Yang effect.

@@Tai |: The Greac Change

Trail marked the bieth of reality as the elements began to
form around The Great Pole. This period marks the coalescing
of Chi and the birth of time, Likewise, this I Chih grants them
the ability to manipulate how time effects them and gives them
some control over their own Chi.

‘Some texts speak of a great ritual that can stop the ravages
of time on ahsien'shotei form (their human body). Such a ritual
is said co involve drinking powdered jade while traveling a
dragon line.

The Axis of Time:
them — thus speeding up their own movement through time,
gaining extra actions in combat. Every two successes gives them
an extra action. Continuance can prolong the effect

: Wu Tan

Shinma can decrease time's hold on

Chapeea Fi ug

>


‘The Mutable Furies: This power allows the Shinma to
‘manipulate their Chi values. Pointsof Yin Chi can be moved to
Yang Chi and vice-versa. This power is most often used to
temporarily balance their Chi natures, although some hsien use
it for just the opposite. Often possessing higher Yang Chi is
beneficial during combat, for instance.

A point of Chi can be move per two successes. As usual,
Continuance will prolong the effect.

Yin — The Axis of Time is a Yin effect.

Yang —

Jutable Furies isa Yang effect.

@@@Tai Chi: The Grear Pole
In the midst of the boiling sea of Hun

Asien in the Ministry of Earth believe that Earth formed the T'ai
Chi, or at least it was the first element to form on it.

T'ai Chi grants the hsien the power to pass through
storms unscathed. By using I Chih based on this power,
the character can make himself harder to hit or target
with any attack. The downside of this I Chih is that the
character must mimic T'ai Chi. While they can medi
tate, perform kata, draw, etc. They cannot attack or
communicate with anyone. Their actions must be self-
absorbed or meaningless.

The Typhoon's Eye: This power is always a Yin effect.
Every ewosuccesses decreases any opponent's Dice Pool by one.

@@@OHu Tum: Chaos

‘The impossible possibilities of Wu Chi, No Limit, spawned.
chaos, HuT'un, This isa frightening time forthe pursuantof the
Tao Te Hsien. They have almost traveled back to the time of No
Limit wherehe hopes togain the Jade Key, but until then, stands
on the threshold of discord

Botches of Hu Tun effect should always involve some form
of limited insanity or bicarte personality quirk.

Haien invoke Hu T'un to influence probability. Yangeffects
award luck; Yin effects ruin luck. These can be in the form of
particular effects —such asa mah jongg, or by awarding a Dice

Pool to be used for other rolls.

1 Chih created can be vaguely directed, but never fully
controlled. The Storyteller is encouraged to be capricious —
sometimes generous or humorous, but othertimes malicious. It
is important that a Hu T'un effect never work exactly like the
player intended. Ifthe roll issuccessful, the intentof the [Chih
must be served —just not exactly in the way the player
planned.

‘The Benevolent Hand of Jade: The benevolent Hand of
Jace makes improbable things probable — to the benefit of the
caster. The Storyteller must use Magnitude of Change to assess
the effect of chis power. This is meant to be used outside of
combat, and only effects a single action.

This is always a Yang effect.

For example, its improbable that one of the new tires on
the car chasing the character will fail. The Storyteller decides
the player needs to roll five successes to cause them to fal

Land of Gighe Dillion Dreams:

Backside of the Monkey King: This power makes probable
things improbable — to the benefit of the caster. The Story-
teller must use Magnitude of Change to judge the effect of this
power. This is meant to be used outside of combat, and only
effects a single action.

This is always a Yin effect

For example, a character runs into her room with a bunch
of triad thugs on her tail. A few seconds later, the door smashes
open and it seems probable thatthe triad thugs will be standing
in the doorway. Using Backside of the Monkey King, the player
wishes ro make the probable improbable. She wants someone

else to be behind the door!

eeeoe (Us C
No Limiz — The Jade Key

Justafter Wu-wo (Not Nothing) came Wu Chi (No Limit)
— a time of unbounded potential, This state can only be
reached by these who are the mast pure to the teachings of the
Tao. Strangely, this revelation comes quietly, unexpectedly,
during a moment of peace.

To most it arrives in a sandalwood box wrapped in the
finest silk ribbons — a key about the span of a forearm, made of
the finest jade. The key cannot be stolen from the person, nor
harmed in any way. The meek tuck the key in the folds of the
clothes, while some wear it around their neck. A certain
‘Monkey King uses it to open nuts and clout proud kamuii about
the head and neck.

The key has no teal power, some say itis a reminder to
‘others that the Mandate of Heaven can be regained. Its owner

can once again travel tothe Yin and Yang worlds freely. She can
also raise and lower the Wall rating,

Fortify the Wall: The wielder of the Jade Key can
temporarily increase the Wall rating of a place by one for
every two successes attempted. Only one attempt can be
made per day. This is a Yin effect because the character is
depleting the ambient Chi in the area and channeling it into
the Wall

Unlock the Jade Portal: To unlock the Wall and travel to
the Yang World or Mirror Lands, the Hsien must make a Yang
roll and generate more successes than the area's Wall rating

Sxamples of Nei Tan
Osan Fuhiko, a tanuki, will illustrate examples of Nei
Tan. She is a wandering demon killer (Kuan-Yu), who has
promised to rid an apartment building of an infestation of
bakemono.
Yin Chi 7 (difficulty 4), Yang Chi 7, (difficulty 4), Tao 6
Yugen 14, Nei Tan 3

@@ Axis of Time

Fuhiko tracks the demons from the apartment, through the
sewerand.o several abandoned shipping crates. Sneakingupt0
the crates, she hears two distiner, yet muffled voicesinside. The
area outside ofthe crates is littered with bone fragments —chis
must be the lair of the demons.

RY

We


She decides to call upon the Axis of Time, so tha Fuhiko decides to get out of the crate by using the Typoon'

to By

deal with the two demons at once. First, she spends a ye. She will perform hersword kata while sheattemptstomove (ANY
shift into her wani form. Fukhiko wants two extra atta € outofthecrate. (That'sjust part ofthe spell.) Then, she is going
needs four successes for the effect torun for it

Effect: Yin Every two successes decreases any opponent's Die Pool

Modifiers: Fuhiko wants the effect to last forascene. This by one, so she is going to try to decrease their Dice Pools by
adds one success. six suecesses. Once again, while the game
Other Modifiers: The only other appropriate modifier
would be to take two more successes for each additional action. Tan effects really target the caster. Fuhiko is just going to be
First, Axis of Time is Yin effect, so the difficulty is4.Her harder to hit. The effecr does nor make the bakemono
Dice Pool is going to always be 6 (her Tao score). Fuhiko needs clumsy.
six successes due hee modifiers Effect: Vin effect
Her wani form Fortune helps offset her successes. Once Modife
again, she needs five successes. Fuhiko's player rolls 9,3,4,5,9 ther M:
and 7 — five successes.
Fukiko's body isa blurasshe kicks open the doorand rushes
inside. The innards ofthe crate ate lined with low benches. The

fchis effect seem to target the bakemono, all Nei

modifier
nal Dice

would he to take two more successes for each,
Pool reduction,

bakemono, all 12 of them, stare slacked-jawed at the tanuki.

‘ Poolis6 (her Taoscore). Fuikoneeds

@@ The Typhoons Cyc Her wani form Fortune helps offset her suc:
‘Ack! Twelve of them! Fubiko kills wwo (with her theee again, she needs five successes. Fuhiko's player col

attacks), but the other 10 just laugh and dig weapons outof their and 7 — four successes

fetid robes. Asher wise old master used tosay,"Gerthehell our ‘The next day the gulls fly in off the hurbor. A new feast

of there you idiot!" s them beside the old erate



fxs

A spring day at the edge of the world.
On the edge of the world once more the day slants.
‘The oriole cries, as though it were its own tears
Which damp even the vopmost blossoms on the tee.

~ Li Shang-Yin, Exile

This chapter has two missions. First, ieprovides the players

with the mechanics for improving their characters' Traits ands

reiterates the innate powers of the Shinma. Secondly, it con-
tains the systems the Storyteller will need to run her games,
including more information on dragon nests and the spirit
world.

Cnlighcenmenc

Who bul the 10-stoied tower of Jade? Who foresaw itallin the
beginning, when the frst signs appeared?

—Ch'u Yuan, Tien Wen (Heavenly Questions)

All players hunger to improve thei
not just greed or "combat-monsterdom.
growth are part of the enjoyment of gaming

‘These pursuits take on added impo!
Million Dreams, since most characters
gaining the Jade Key. To accomplish this, they must improve
their Chi and Tao scores, along with Nei Tan, of course. They
will also need other Traits to keep them alive until then.

Land of Bight
ymmon goal

Land of Eight Million Dreams uses many of the same
ems as Changeling: The Dreaming. Experience is still the

path tocharacter improvement, for instance. New systems
have been added that focuse on character roleplay and govern
the increase in Chi and Tao.

Cxperience

Afewadditionsneedtobe made tothelicingofexpetience
awards (Changeling: The Dreaming pp. 275-276),

* One point — The character answered the prayer of a
human. If the answer is simp] .e character has to have
show the human why the answer needed to be no. If they jus
say "no" and walk away, no experience is gained

© One point — The player encouraged belief in the Celestial
‘Order. This is an action in addition to answering prayers.

Improving Abilicies and Accriduces
Abilities and Attribute improve just as in Changeling: The

Dreaming, .276. The characters receive experience points

after each adventure and can use them to increase these traits.

123,

Chaprer Six: Seeing Systems


Improving Chi and Tao

Unlike Changeling and farmore like Werewolf) improve-
jot on the expen:

noconly Big

(Tempo-

led checks.) These points are converted
int Chi and Tao. Ten points of temporary Chi or Tao.
real point. (There are no other uses for temporary

x. When

the next 5

ks in the boxes,

icks, These should be used to
the IRS:

Experience Chare
Cost
Current Rating x 2
3
tes Current rating x 4
Willpower Current rating x 2
WuTa Current rating x7
New Wu Tan*
*Nei Tan can only increase when a character's Chi is


Ifacharacterdoes something, which ex«
rowing understanding of Yin or Yang, they may also receive a
check ifthe Storyteller feels is appropriate. Points may also be
awarded not just for actions, but also for learning something
about the Yin or Yang Worlds.

Yin Checks

* Having a near-death experience

* Seeing or experiencing the Yin Worlds

* Successfully defending something of great value

* Discovering a dangerous secret

* Death of a loved one

Yang Checks

* Birth of a friend's child

© Victory over a superior foe in mortal combat

© Completing a significane quest

* Seeing or experiencing the Yang Worlds

* Seeing or experiencing the Mirror Lands

Tao

Improvementin the Tao will seem very subjective to some
players—so bei. Its subjective, Temporury Taopointsshould
be given whenever a character successfully comes to grip with
the predicament of their exiled existence, or when she learns
somne profoundl truth about reality

The Tao Te Hsien requires its practitioners to cultivate a
studied, introspective, and somewhat passive demeanor. So in

some eases, notacting will gain the charactera check in the Tao
ait

Tao Checks

# Whenever character gains a dot in Classics, Shents
or an Alchemy (after character creation)

‘*¢ Whenever one's Chi becomes balanced

* Teaching someone a truth of the Tao

+ Upsetting the social order — but only for the greater
good

+ Bringing warring sides to agreement

© Deposing a corrupt ruler

Dan, Dragon, Animal
and the Curse of Jade

The August Personage of Jade cursed and blessed the
Shinma. First, he made them both love and fear jade. Jade
isamighty reservoir for Yugen and vital for bargaining with
other shen and traveling the dragon lines — too bad it can
also kill them. Jade is not like cold iron to the hsien. They
can hold it, sleep on it, ete. But jade weapons cause
aggravated damage to them and jade dust will make them
sick.

Healsogave them a glimpse of their tue selves by allowing
them to shift into theft true forms, and for the hirayanu, the
animals they so loved.

plifieshisorher

Ne.

Regaining Yugen
‘The potent Yin and Yang Chi of the Asien attract
Yugen like a magnet atracts filings when dragged through
the dust. Yugen leaks through from the spirit worlds wher-
ever and whenever the Wall becomes weak.

Ambient Chi: Places with a sufficiently low Wall
rating, such as sites of natural beauty, allow enough Yugen
toleak though tharahsiencan gainapointof Yugen per dy.
‘Compare the character'slowest Chi score tothe area's Wall
rating. Ifthe Wall rating is equal co or lower, then a point
cof Yugen can be regained per day spent in that environ-
ment.

Dragon Nests: The fastest way to regain Yugen is to
meditace at a dragon nest. Each dragon nest is rated from
one tofive. Every two hoursspent at the nest gives thehsien
‘one point of Yugen. A hsiencan gathera maximum number
cof Yugen per day equal to the rating of the dragon nest.

The Paper Crown:
The Hozei Form

The Shinuna's human shell is actually their most powerful
form. Yes, magic is more difficult, and chey do not have their
protection offered by their wani or animal forms, but the hotel
is, by far, the most potent form — in the long run.

‘The hotei offers them secrecy. Hsien do not have the Mists to
protect them, but most shen cannot detect « Shinma clad in the
hotei. In this form, they can move about almost unnoticed. The
profligatesamong the hsien squander this gift by buildingempiresof
‘wealth, but the wise use this to lam from and protect the humans.

Balm of che Dragon:
The Wani Form

Each kwannon-jin has special powers and bonuses to their
wani form, making it their de facto combat form. (See Chapter
‘Three for specifics.) The hirayanu gain physical gifts as they
become an amalgam of man and animal. The kamuii become
almost immune to damage from their aligned element — they
automatically soak their Stamina in damage from that clement
All find Wu Tan easier. Their wani form itself is a Fortune,

Moreover, in their wani form, Shinma can heal their
bodies. Two points of Yugen will heal a level of normal d:
and four points will heal a level of aggravated damage. In a
dragon nest these values are halved. (One point of Yugen for
normal and two for aggravated damage.)

The CDask of Shinzai

Even in their wani form the true majesty and awesome
might of the hsien is still partially hidden. Only when they doff
the Mask of Shintai (Mask of the God Body) is their true na
briefly revealed. As a general rule, the hsien call on this abili

only when extremely angered or if che occasion calls for an all-
cout show of force (or, a great bluff!)

Chapzer Six: Seceing Syscems


I

bestial appearance becomes twisted and horrible. Any animal-
istic features become exaygerated and grotesque. A fuhsi's fangs
grow longer, dripping poison, and her scales became more
pronounced and jagued. A hou-chi's skin darkens and becomes
gnarled, He formslong, clawed limbs; his eyes flash green fury
‘warning thers to keep theie distance, Those who fail to resist
the Mask of Shintai flee in panic from birayanu

Think of kamuii donning the Mask of Shineai in the same
fashion as a furious she invoking the Dragon's Ire. Both are
resolute and certifying. The air around a hsien crackles with a
rainbow of coruscating light. Their skin glows with the power of
the August Personage of Jade. Those who succumb to thehsien's
Mask literally kowtow to the mighty kasnuii
nny beings presene must make a Willpower roll;
the difficulty for mortals is 8, 7 for shen and 6 for other hsien.
Successes must equal or exceed the amount of Yugen invested
by che Shinma in the Mack of Shintai. The hsien does nat have
to make a roll — but they must spend Yugen. Those who fail
suifer the effects of the Mask for a number of curs equal to
difference berween their successes and the number of Yugen
spent by the Shinma, Persons who botch the roll suffer the effect
fora number of scenes equal to the Yugen spent by the hie

Inadragon nest, the targets of this fearsome power must get
spent toresist the Mask of Shintai.

two successes for cach Yug

Animal Forms

All birayanu have the ability to cum into a certain animal
‘The forms are given statisties below, should the need arise, Many
facets of the animal cannot be translated into game statistics
though. A nyan, forinstance, becomes basically invisible when he
transforms into eat — who is going to pay attention (0 a cat?

When in her animal form, a hsien has che physical traits
listed below. (Mental Atcributes, Willpower, Yugen, ete.) re-
main unchanged. All Abilities listed are the base values, so if a
character has a higher score, se it.

Badger (Tanuti)

Badgersare tenacious

fighters, especially when backed into
tight space. Badgers are also known for facing down predators
‘ovo or three times their size. They have no fear, and sinart
peasants do not mess with them.

Image: Baigersare membersof the weasel family burthey look like
anweasel on steroid. Roughly the sie of asgpuat dog, they are known for
theirsharpclawsand teeth, andthey ae very soa tunnel digsers. Their
eyesight is not that great, but they have remarkably good hearing and
een noses. Badgershave brown to black coats thatrun to silver at their
heir face andl body have distinctive white, horizontal stripes.
Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Climbing 3, Intinuidation 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3

Attack: Claw for 1 die, Bice for 2 dice. (If three or mare
successes ate scored, the badger hangs on and automatically
bites next round, and may gain additional claw attack.)

Health Levels: OK, -1,-1, « , Incapacitated

Land of Cighe Dillion Dreams

Cac (Nyan)

Cats are revered and kept a8 pets all over China, which is
one of the reasons nyan make excellent spies. Unlike dogs, very
few are eaten.

Image: Alley catsare found in allshapes and si
the self-absorbed nyan prefer the shape of Persian,
other Eastern breeds.

Traits: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Abilities: Alectness 3, Atbleties 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Climbing 3, fntimidation 2, Stealth 4, Subterfuge 2,
Survival 3

Attack: Claw or Bite tor 1 die

Health Levels: OK, 1, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Carp (Heng-Po)
So you think being a fish may be str
jokes!) Think again,
are also fairly common pets in some places of Ch
‘ornot, tales of talking, m
Same heng-po use thi
breathe water, and every river and stream isthe perfect escape
Image: Carp vary fram kai to catfish size; they are distin-
guished by the whiskers that hang from the comers of th
mouth, Their color varies from a pearl white (o silver to bh
Traits: Strength 1, Dexceriey 3, Stamina 4
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4 (Swimming), Brawl 1,
Dodge 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3
Attack: Tail sap for I die
Health Levels: OK, 1, +1, -2,

Donkey (Hanumen)

itis not uncommon to keep chem
we long limbs and tails and cvo-

deal? (And no sus

5, Incapacitated

‘While monkeys are ra
as pets. The monkeysof Asi
toned faces, resembling a mask.

Image: Several types of monkeys exist in China.
mina 2
ics 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,

Climbing 4, Stealth 2, Security 1,
Attack: Claw or Bite for I die
Health Levels: OK, -1,

5, Incapacitated

Serpenc (Fu-Hsi)

Serpents are great at hiding and climbing; they just are not
fast. Any serpent will cause quite a stir when ina village orcity,
so hiding is always the best option.

Image:
green color,

Traits: Strength 3, Dexterity

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics
Climbing 3, Stealth 5, Survival 3

Attack: Bite for I die. (Ifchree or more successes are scored,
the boa hangs on and automatically bites next round, and may
tay a Strength attack.)

Health Levels: OK, -1

expents tend to be green or a mortled brown and

pina 3
Brawl 3, Dodge 1,

2, -5, -5, Incapacitaced


we

>>

IK

Spiric Primer
‘Charms — Magical powers possessed by spirits.
Elementals—Spirits from one of the Elemental realms.
Middle Kingdom, The —Reality; Earth; more specifi-
cally, but less commonly, China.

Mirror Lands — This is spiritual reflection of the
Middle Kingdom, and the first spirit world usually encoun-
tered.

Realm —A pocket reality within one of the "worlds."

Slumber — A crance-like state that many spirits fall |
into in the spirit worlds. It is more like hibernation than.
sleep.

Wall, The — The barrier separating the spirit worlds
from the Middle Kingdom

Yang Worlds — The home realm of the Asien. The
higher worlds; chis name includes the Heavens and the
Elemental realms.

Yin Worlds — The homes of the dead; the "lower"
worlds; very few hsien, even during the height of the powers.
journeyed here.

Yomi Words — These realms are the hells, even
"lower" than the Yin Worlds. These are the homes of the
Yama Kings.

Shen Hsien Chuan:
Biographies of Spirics
and Immorcals

Even though they are trapped in chis world, most hsien still
havea number of relationships with spirits on both sides of the
Wall. Since shen can call sprits in the Mirror Lands to their
service (and hopefully go there one day), we will spend some
time getting to know the spirits of the Middle Kingdom

hould the Storyteller wish to add more spirits to her
ipaign, take a look at Axis Mundi: the Book of Spits, and
The Book of Madness, Since hsien rarely interact with the Yin
world, very little information will be given. about wraiths.
Storytellers who wish to ackl ghostly elementsare encouraged to
obtain Kindred of the Bast, Wraith, or The Dark Kingdom of
Jade.

Spirit Traics

Spirits have their own set of traits, some of which relate to
the traits of the hsien. Most of the Traits and Charms below
relate tothe powers they have in the pit worlds. To affect the
Middle Kingdom, che spirit must Materialize. When it does this,
it gains many of the Traits familiar to hsien.

Wittpower
Willpower is used by the hsien to attack and flee from
danger. It actsas their Dice Pool for almost any "physical" action

Rw? opposed Willpower rolls.

they cake. When one spirit tries to catch another, itisdone with Vey

Difficulty Action
3 Easy
5 Fairly simple
6 Normal
8 Difficule
10 Virtually impossible
Rage

Rage is a spirits anger and capability of violence. When
spirits attack (roll Willpower to see if they hit) roll Rage
(difficulty 6) to see how much damage they do. Each success
inflicts one Health Level of damage to beings of the Middle
Kingdom, or one Yugen to another spirit

Gros

‘Gnosis is the spirit's Dice Pool for any intellectual action it
takes — any roll that would normally involve one of the Social
or Mental Attributes. Should itbe necessary, Gnosiscan be used
as a Tao score as well.

Qin and Yang

Yin and Yang serve the same function as the characteristics
rst ofall, it governs their personalities. While it's not
xy for spirits to have Yin and Yang legacies, Yang spirits
should be mote active than Yin spits and so on. Some spirits
have I Chih. These Traits are used just as the Shinma use them
to determine the difficulty of creating I Chih effects

Minorspitits tend tohave Yin and Yang Traits of 3-5. More
powerful spirits have Traits that approach 10, Spirits tend to be
‘more polarized to either Yin or Yang virtues than hsien.

Yugen (Power)

‘When using magicor fighting, spirits use batteries of Yugen
topower their Charms and I Chih, These batteries can be much
greater than the sum of their Yin and Yang Chi scores.

Asa spirit drains off this power, it becomes more translu-
cent, unkempt and frayed. Yang-aspected spirits tend to look
tired or older. Yin-aspected spirits begin to decompose. If the
spirit is reduced to 0 Yugen, it discorporates — fading into the
Tapestry of the spirit worlds.

These spirits reform in 20 hours minus theit Gnosis, with
‘one Yugen. From safe spotiin the Mirror Lands, hey canenter
a state Slumber and recover I Chi per hour. Yang aspected
spitits tend to wake up when they have completely recharged.
Many Yin aspecced spirits will Slumber for eternity if not
awakened

Dacerialised Abilizies

Materialized spirits tum their Yugen into physical forms.
They can stay Materialized as longas they wish, but they cannot
enter areas with a higher Wall rating than their Gnosis.

If attacked, their bodies take damage normally, but each
level of aggravated damage robs them of both Health Leveland

127

Chapzer Six: Seccing Syscems

Be
Sy)


*

POR,

point of Yugen. The Materialized bodies heal normally, and
just like Asien, healing can be increased magically

Materialized spirits regain. Yugen just like hsien, Demons
also gain Yugen for eating humans (normally, 10 Yugen per live
human consumed, or one for every pint af blood). Most spirits
wwouldn't think of such a thing!

Ifa Materialized spicit cies with at least a single point of
Yugen left, they discorporate and reform in che Mirror Lands,
following the rules above. If they have no Yugen when they run,
out of Health Levels, they are dead — forever and ever.

Tasks

+ Movement

Alll spirits, ever without wings, fly in the spirit workds. The
movementrate pertutn is 20 * Willpower in yards. Thisonly applies
to the Mirtar Lands, There is no diseance or time in che Tapestry

* Pursuit

Any pursuit is a contested Willpower roll, buc spirits vs
shen have an edge. Afterall t's their back yard. A spirit trying
tocscape a shen rollsits Willpower (difficulty 6), Itadds three to
the number of successes it attains. Shen call Willpower (diff
culty 8) to catch it.

© Communication

Hsien are spirits. From the Middle Kingdom they must use
their I Chih ta communicate with spirits. Inside the spirit
worlds, they have no trouble speaking the spirits' language

Charms

Charms are spiritual powers. While many Charms are
effective in both the spirit worlds and in reality, some are
exclusive to one or the other. Like I Chih, Charms cost Yugen
to create, but most last for an entire scene. (Combat-related
charms only lasea turn.) As you can see, the nature of Charms
is incredibly variable, so read the descriptions carefully to
determine their exact cost, use, and duration.

* Appear: With this Charm, a spirit can manifest in the
Middle Kingdom, without Materializing. It cannot, however,
affect the material world in any way while using this Charm.
Demonsuse itto taunt their victims, andelementalsuse Appear
to commune with nature and the hsien. It costs five Yugen.

© Armor: This Charm provides a spirit one soak die per
‘Yugen point spent. This is the only way that spirits can soak.
damage in the spirits worlds. (Materialized spirits can use
stamina.) This does not taken action, but the spisit must spend
the points before damage is ralled

© Blast Flame: The spirit can blast a gout of flame at
opponents in all worlds. The Yugen cost is two per die of
aggravated damage.

* Blighted Touch: The merest touch ofthis spirit isenough
to bring out the worst in the target. If the spirit successfully
attacks, the target must immediately make a Willpower roll,
difficulty 7.Ifhe fails, hisnegative characteristics dominate him
for the entire scene. This may cause a shift in che dominant
Legacy of thehsien, orhave more subtle effects—the Storyteller
may decide the exact effects

128

Land of Eighe CDittion Dreams

# Cleanse the Blight: This Charm purges spiritual corrup-
tion in che vicinity. It can he used in all worlds,

* Create Fires: By succeeding on a Gnosis toll, the spirit
can create fires. (The difficulty varies from 3 for small fires to 9
for conflagrations.) The Yugen cost varies from one to five
points.

‘# Dragon Sight: Most spirits have @ natural sense of the
dragon tracks of the spirit world and are able to travel them
without difficulty. They also have the ability to find Chi-laden
sites (and things) in the Middle Kingdom. Each use of this
ability costs one Yugen.

‘ Flood: The spirit can cause all the water in a given area
to rise rapidly, causing flooding. The Yugen cost is five per one-
mile radius.

# Healing: This allows spirit toheal beings in the Middle
Kingclom. The spirit spends one Yugen per Health Level, or
three per Health Level if the damaue is aggravated,

¢ Human Form: This Charm allowsa Materialized spirit
to assume a human guise, [t may change its shape, sex, age
and then revert to its prime form, Each change costs two
Yugen.

* Kindle Life: This Charm gives the spicit che ability «0
kindle life's fragile spark wherever that potential exists. Thus,
spirits with thisability may cause seed co germinate, fertilization
to occur of fruit ta grows on trees. This also allows the spirit to
kindle "procreative" pussionsas well in others. ThisCharm costs
five Yugen,

* Materialize: A spirit may Materialize and effect the
physical world, Todoso, thespirt's Gnosis must equal orexceed
the Wall rating for the area. When a spirit Materializes, it must
spend Yugen to create a physical shape and give itself bodily
Traits. However, aspiritstill rolls its Gnosis for Social or Mental

activities. The Yugen are as follows
Yugen Cost Trait

Per one Physical Attribute level
Per two Ability levels

‘Seven Health Levels (as a mortal)
Peradkiionall ealth evel (eachestra)
Health Level also increases size)

1 Per one Health Level healed (Re

eneration)

3 Perane Health Level of aggravated
healed (Regeneration)

1 Weaponry per die of aggravated
damagedone inaddition wo Strength
Spiritshave no limits on cheir Attribute and Ability levels.
Ics possible for chem to form extremely strong or fast bodies if
they spend enough Yugen. Most have a prime form to which
they default when Materialising. (See the preceding section on
Materialized Abilities. Also take a look at the elementals that
follow for examples of Materialized spirits.)
‘© Nature Sense: Allows the spirit to sense all the
goings on in a natural setting in which it is tied to. Each
spirit may have a different setting: Fire — deserts and


a

kilns; Water — ponds, rivers and seas; Wood—forestand | Chih
swaps; Metal — buildings and foundries; Earth — moun-

tains and caves. The
dedicated

s include shrines or temples Some spirits possess I Chib, but they are not restricted to
associated with a particular element,  thesame levels of knowledge us are the hsien, Therefore, aspirit
5 with DiTan (Earth Alchemy) 3 just hasthatlevelof Ability, not

levels I through 3. Ifthespirithasmastered Di Tan, forexample,
it will be listed as Di Tan L-5,

The poison of spitts ia malignant form of Yin
‘Chi that consumes the Yugen of the victim. The Target must
make a Willposeerrollfora number ofrounds equal tothe spirits anenc Spiri

Rage, ond wih ficult aqad othe tia he aienee, NE Eminenc Spivic Cacalog

Failure results in one point of Yugen consumed by the poison. ‘The Eminent Spirit Catalog is one of the scrolls that has

Botching causes 5 points of damage. Yugen cost is equal to the
Yin Chi of the poisoning spirit.

# Re-Form: ThisCharm allowsa spirit to dissipate and Re-
form somewhere else in the spirit worlds, usually far away from
its enem

‘versions exist, and most
spirits listed here

s. Yugen cost
question goes to the same pond to commune with the same
water spirit, then individualize and personalize the spirit. Don't
allow them ta be mere tools for the characters!

im and visage, The Yugen cost is five.
+ Tracking: Tracking allows the spiti¢to unerringly tack Chy Pa-chiai (Pig Fairy)
its prey. Yugen cost is five 2
* Umbraquake: The spirit can cause the Umbra to shake
with such force that all those standing fall to the ground.
Everyone within the radius age from the spiritual
1D feet forradius, and two

"The Pig Fay is both a hero and fiend in Chinese Mythology.
Heis undoubtedly. a murderer — preferingro gather Yugenby eating
noctumal travelers oflonely mountain roads. He carries:
rake tostave whisvietinn'shi suchanoce
he isalso one of Hanuman's best!

‘and swore off sen soon afer
‘meeting the Monkey King (well, mostly at east.

Image: The Pig Fairy appears as a hog sleeping in its own
filch in the Mirror Lands. He cannot cross the Wall under his

own power, like the hsien. IFhe is killed in the Middle Kingdom
his spirit will Slumber in the Mirror Lands until summoned.

History: The PigFairy, or Pigsy ashe isknown to Hanuman,
‘was once the navigator of the August Personage of Jade's dragon,
boat. One night aftera very good party at the palace, Pigsy made
some unwanted advances upon the Personage's daughter. For
his effrontery, he was condemned to be continually reborn as a
pig in the Middle Kingdom.

‘Habitat: This monster haunts the back roads of mountains
— preferring the steep sides of moune Fu-ling in China.

Approaching the Spirit: Sacrifices of pork, human blood,
‘or sweets on a mountain trail will ateract Pigsy

Traits: Willpower 3, Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Yin 3, Yang 6,
Yugen 35
Charms: Blighted Touch, Dragon Sight, Materialize
‘Wu Tan: Nei Tan 1-2 (Hanuman taught a few things)
ized Form: Chu Pa-chiai standsabout fourfect tall
and five feet wide (around the middle). He looks like a bipedal,
cloven-hoofed hog.

+ Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina, Yugen 10

* Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Stealth 3,
Survival 2

* Attacks/Power
3 + Strength Damage

+ Health L KOK, -L,-L,-2,-

Di Shen: Carch Clemencal

While impressive in size, the di shen are known for their
wisdom. They are extremely hard to provoke to violence, but
they also have long memories for insults.

‘mage: In the Mirror Lands, di shen often Slumber as statues
of local gods. (Many cultures of the East revere their village and the

130 Land of Eighe: CDitlion Dreams

ite: 1+ Strength Damage, Iron Rake

Dematerialized

god whorepresents the landsneaeby.) Sometimes, thes
of the Hou Tuor the Emperor Huang Ti. Sometimes, they sleep a8
conical mounds of earth, representing the frst mountain.

History: The dishen are theoldestof the elementals. Some
say they spawned the others. Many new subsets of di shen exist
in the city, such as elementals of glass and plastic.

Habitat: Di shen inhabit caves, quarriesand mountainsides
in the Mirror Lands.

Approaching the Spi
other elemental. Sacrifices of yellow jade buried deep in the
ground will raise a stony eyebrow, but only offerings to cleanse
the carth of some blight will move them to grant favors ot
become involved in some of the hair-brained schemes that
characters think up.

Di shen respond well to patience and logical arguments.
There isa popular story of Li Mian, an ugly suijen kwannon-jin,
who left bowls of rice sprinkled with jade dust in a cave for 60

Di shen Slumber more than any

nights, just to seek a di shen's help constructing a home for his
beautiful nyan wife

Traits: Willpower 10, Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Yin 7, Yang 7,
Yugen 45

Charms: Appear, Dragon Sight, Cleanse the Blight, Hu-
man Form, Materialize, Nature Sense, Umbraquake

Wa Tan: Di Tan 3-4

Materialized Form: Di shen enjoy taking the appearance of
old men with long, white beards, or crone-like women. When
provoked, they transform into theie natural form — huge behe
‘moths of stone with long claws and horns made of yellow jade.

* Attributes: Strength , Dexterity 2,Stamina 5, Yugen 17

* Attacks/Powers: Yellow Jade
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -
Dematerialized


SS

SSS

Hou Shen: Fire Ciemencal

Fire elementals are known for their vengeful, yet refined
natures, They are often appealed to when society' rules have
been upset, of whien someone feels dishonored. Hou shen fel it
is theirright to burn away the taint of corruption and punish the
tunmannerly and thoughtless. (Unfortunacely for the nude, they
‘often get cartied away in zealous glee!)

Fa Dog, Tien Kou (Celescial Temple Dog)

Fu dogs are the muscle for the Celestial Court, Sometimes,
Chi-Ling send them to correct the behavior of the shen.

Image: Fu dogs range in size from St. Bemard's to lange
ponies. Their yellow-gold fur is flecked with patches of white
and red, Their faces are doy-like, but their bodies resemble that
of an incredibly muscled lion — including impressive manes.
‘Their naked tails are tufted with flowing, iridescent fur.

History: Before the Wall, the Tien Kou roamed the lands
of the Middle Kingdom, guarding mystic sites and doing the
bidding ofthe temple priests, Sincethe comingof the Wall, they
have withdrawn to the Mirror Lands, only venturing out on
nissions for the Celestial Court

Habitat: They often guard the Mirror Lands beyond great
dragon nests

Approaching the Spirit: Tien Kou will not serve Asien
unless they have the Jade smetimes, Chicling will com-
mand them to serve them for some quest, or act as temple
guardians.

Willpower 8, Rage 6, Gnosis 3, Yin 5, Yang 5,
Yugen 45

Charms: Appear, Dragon Sight, Materialize, Re-Form

1 Chih: Nei Tan 1-2

Materialized Form: The fu dog's form is identical in the
spirit worlds and the Middle Kingdom.

ength5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 7, Yugen 18
Alectness 4, Brawl 6, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,
Stealth 3, Survival 2, Linguistics 2 (Cantonese, Mandarin),
Occule1

+ Attacks/Powers: Bite: 2+ Si
Stamina

Health Levels: OK,OK,-1,-1,-2,

fength Damage/Armor: 2 +

5, Dematerialized

IC

lightning, andeven racer are the lang shen, the light elementals.

nixes) in the Mirror Lands when they are active (and as
creatures of greater Yang, they Slumber little). When resting,
they take on the shape of bonfires or huge, ornate braziers of
‘magina.

and executioner of the Celestial Order. Their unfortunate
tendency to let their passions for "eorrection" run uncheckedl
mean that only the wise and willful call upon them.

it does not take much to stir up the interest of a hou shen. Just
watch out, Be polite and forgivingwith a hou shen. Making ight
of their seeming hypocrisy isa good way to start a new journey
on the Karmic Wheel. Any large c
fragrant woods, will attract and apy

Yugen 40

Human Form, Materialize, Na

women dressed in blue, yellow and red layered sillerobes. Often,
they are quite beautiful, but are almose always active, playing

‘Other types of hou shen exist. Let shen are composed of

Image: Fire elementals often appear as feng bieds (phoe-

ire elementals see themselves as the judge, jury,

ry

‘Habitat: Any flame potentially hides a hou shen.
Approaching the Spirit: Opposite in nacure to the dishen,

Mlagration, especially of
the hou shen.

Traits: Willpower 5, Rage 10, Gnosis 5, Yin 3, ¥:

Charms: Appear, Dragon Sight, Blast Flame, Create Fires,

Wu Tan: Hou Tan 3-4
"Materialized Form: Hou shen appear as athletic men and

Chaprex Six: Seczing Syscems B31

Ss


al
Xs

Xd

=

*

sports, performing kata, or exercising. When in their clemental
form they are moving animals of fire — dragons, tigers and birds
are their most favorite forms.

tes: Strength 2, Dexterity6,Stamina4, Y
Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Feng Shui 2

* Attacks/Powers: Flame Boxy: 8+Strength Damage
+ Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, 1, -2,-2,-5, Dems

Lin Shen: Wood Elemencal

Only slighty older chan the metal elementals, the lin shen
also have a close elationship with humans. While some of the
tieh shen feel abandoned by man, most of the Wood elementals.
feel victimized.

Image: Wood elementals appear as grove of beautiful tees
that seem to shine in the distance of a mist-filled valley.
Sometimes, they appear as a single tree perched on top of a
‘mountain hill, always just out of reach,

History: The plants were given to the creatures of the Earth
as food and raw materials for tools, clothing and shelter. Since that.
initial age of perfection, this gift has been despoiled, exploited and.
neatly ruined. The lin shen have not forgotten. Luckily for man,
these creatures areso good-natured thac mesconly distrust mankind,
and the shen nowadays. Of course afew hate them.

Habitat: Any wild place isa likely home for the lin shen.

Approaching the Spirit: Only the plantingoftreesand the
maintenance of gardens will attract their notice, Promises to
protect undespoiled glades or restore woodlands will also meet
with the favor of the lin shen. Lin shen do not stop with tres;
they also like farmers with well-kepe fields. (Not having too
many pesticides will also have great favor with the wood
clementals.) Lin shen also venerate the di shen and the shui
shen, since they feed off of their nutrients

Traits: Willpower 7, Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Yin 3, Yang 5,
Yugen 30

ialized

Charms: Appear, Dragon Sight, Nature Sense, Kindle Life,
Healing, Human Form, Materialize

Wu Tan: Lin Tan 3-4

Materialized Form: Lin shen always take the form of
beautiful, and rather lusty peasants. Their elemental shape is a
tervifying humanoicl form with grasping branch-like arms, chorn
bushes for hair and blazing-green eyes.

* Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina4, Yugen 10

*# Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Survival 2

*# Attacks/Powers: Fist of Wood: 1+Strength Damage

«© Health Levels: OK,OK,OK, 1,1, -2,-2,-5, Dematerialized

Sachihoko

Images of this water spirit decorate the eaves of many
buildings in Japan, The Japanese use it like a gargoyle of the
West, a fearsome creature meant to scare off evil spirits. While
neither good nor bad by human standards, the creaturesdo seem
tobeuragradge against demonsand theirilk —or, pethaps, they
justlikethe rasre ofa demonic vietim. Onceandawhile theystill
menace fishing vessels that get separated from their fleet, and
will just as easily devour a human as a haddock.

Image: The sachihoko have lion-like headsand stocky fish
bodies about chesize ofa hippo. A triple row of poisonous spikes
trails down their dorsal ridge. These fearsome creatures never
«give up their prey and are known to transform their fish-like
bodies into that of a tiger, to pursue humans who chink land
offers them safety.
istory: The sachihoko are remnants of the Second Age.
Loners by nature, these literal sea monsters can still be found in
the Middle Kingdom, in the depths of the oceans, or lingering
in lonely atolls.

Shachihoko have been known to serve suijen and heng-po
masters. The same-bito (hengeyokai) often hunt them forspor.

Habitat: These monsters stil dwell in the depths of Asian
seas and in pools and lakes in the Mirror Lands


: Sucrifices of bloody entrails laced.
with jade dust will often bring these creatures from their deep

Ipower 6, Raye 5, Gnosis 2, Yin 7, Yang 4,
Yugen 45

Charms: Dragon Sight, Materialize, Shapeshif, Tracking,

Wu Tan: Shui Tan 3

Materialized Form: The shachihoko's form is identical in
the spirit worlds and the Middle Kingdom. Although it may
change its shape, the limited intelligence of the beast means it

can only mimic other animal forms. Ie also tends to keep the
samic head, andl ts poisonous spines, no matter the body.

rength 7, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Stealth 3,

Yogen 12

Survival 4
*# Attacks/Powers: Bite: 3 + Strength Damage, Tail L +
ength (and Poison)

© Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK,
Dematerialized

Shui Shen: Wazer Clemencal

‘Water clementalsace known for their ability to manipulate
a situation to their own ends. They are great counselors of war

and political strategy. Take the advice of a shui shen with great

care; they are masters of double meanings and allegory — one
never knows if they speak literally or figuratively

Kong shen are cloud elementals, the Shut Shen's cousins.
They tend to blow anywhere and everywhere in the spirit
worlds. To find a kang shen, one must enlist the aid of apawerful
hui shen, or travel to the Tapestry.
In the Mirror Lands they are most often dark pools
‘of water far like the earth, the shui shen Slumber most of the
time. Of course, they prefer to say they "meditate."

Hist Possibly even older than the earth elementals,
these ancient beings are dark and mysterious. Water flows:

a

through our bodies, and the shui shen knowall its pathwaysand
dangerous eddies.

Habitat: Almost any dark, still water is a doorway to the
shui shen.

‘Approaching the Spirit: While they cultivate an
air, the shui shen do care about the purity of the waterways.
Promisingtoclean one salwaysa good bargainingpoine. Expect
to get cheated or taken advantage of. In fact, the best of
the shui shen isa good way Co provoke their ite. Ie'
just shy of a fair deal. Valuables thrown into a deep pool are
always appreciated as well.

Traits: Willpower 6, Rage 4, Gnosis 10, Yin 7, Yang
Yugen 40

Charms: Appear, Dragon Sight, Flood, Human Form,
Materialize, Nature Sense

‘Wu Tan: Shui Tan 3-#

Materialized Form: While water elementals sometimes
appear as older, officious looking men, they prefer the form of «
courtesan slightly past hee prime, Shui shen prefer to dress in
dark purple, grcen or black silk robes with oversized sleeves. fn
their clemental form, they look like tentacular horrors, the
ripples of their dark, watery forms resembling scales.

+ Attributes: Scrength 10, Dexterity
* Abilities: Alertmess 4, Brawl 4, Feng Shui 2
# Auacks/Powers: Fist of Warer: Si Damage
** Health Levels: OK, OK, -1,

Tich Shen: (Decal Clemencal

Metal elementals are less concerned for the formalities of
Jaw than with justice, Their desire for impactiality ts taken to
extremes for they feel as cold asa mirror. Often, they choose 0
judge their summoner's motives, reflecting her sins.

est tocome

mina}, Yugen 15

Steengt

5, Dematerialized


Image: In the Mirror Lands, they often appear as ancient
swords or spears, always unsheathed. The weapons hang from
mate stands or sit on swards of green grass covered with alight
dusting of autumn leaves. Some of the more understanding
appear as plows left in a half-farrowed field, as if horse and
master just lef

History: Metal elementals identify most with the injus-
tices dealt to humans and the other shen, not that they readily
show their feelings. They are the youngest of the elementals,
born as the August Personage's last gift to man, Once, they were
valued above all other elements by man, but man has spurned
them in favor of silicon and plastic.

Habitat: Tich shen lurk behind the Wall in places where
iron and steel are wrought or mined by man, Increasingly, they
are also drawn to places of injustice, such as Cambodia and
Tibet.

Approaching the Spirit: Crafting useful objects of metal
will favorable dispose the rich shen to your cause. Objects of art
donot interest them, unlessthey are worn, such asjewelry. Once
you have their attention, any promise to correct injustice will
please them — asking them to take part in such undertakings is
also pretty easy, but the tieh shen tend to go theirown way. They
are not team players, although they will listen to reason,

Traits: Willpower 7, Rage 7, Gnosis 8, Yin 5, Yang 3,
Yugen 30

Charms: Appear, Armor, Dragon Sight, Nature Sense,
Human Form, Material

Wu Tan: Tieh Tan 3-4

Materialized Form: Tich shen appearas well-dressed busi-
nessmen, shunning the anachronisticclothingofancientChina
that most of the other elementals prefer. When upset, their skin
silvers and theie hands turn into blades of steel.

* Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Yugen 10

«Abilities: Alertness 2, Melee 6, Martial Arts 2
© Attacks/Powers: Finger Blades: 1 +

CDorcal Friends and Foes

While the Shinma donot have to worry aboutthe Autumn
People, they often run afoul of human (or once-human) foes,

Bakemono (Fomori)

Bakemono are human minions of the Yama Kings.
trod the path to hell willingly, other poor souls are enslaved by
the their dark masters. In the West, they are called fomori, even
there, the infernal powers usually twist the bodies of the formori
into grotesque monsters

Bakemono can regain Chiby eating humans (10 points per
victim). Use the statistics for fomori in Changeling: The
Dreaming, p. 276.

Powers

Bakemono have from one to three spectal abilities such as
the ones listed below. Feel free to make up more,

* Acid Breath — A cloud of green, noxious gas spews forth
from the mouth(s) of the bakemona. This breath does 3 + 1 per
Yugen spent.

+ Armor —Their warty, scaly skin akdsthreedice to soak rolls.

* Berserker —Bakemono can spend two Yugen togainan
excraattack. Using this power isnot an action, but they may not
gain more the one extra attack. They may not Dodge or do
anything but move toward a target or attack.

* Claws, Fangs, Horns — These sharp weapons cause 2 +
Strength damage

© Combat Form — All the other powers of the bakemono
remain concealed until the creature wishes toreveal itsdemonic
nature, It cannot use them until this power is used. Ir costs one
Yugen to shife forms

Extra Limbs — A bakemono'sextralimbs givethem I die
per limb to add to either Dodge or attack Dice Pools (all or
nothing). These limbs grow out of bizarrely comical places —
behind the head, palms, etc, Often, they are fantastic or animal-
istic in appearance.

# Titanic Strength — Add five to the creature's Strength,

‘* Wings — The bakemono possesses a pait of wings that
allow it to fly. The wings are either insect-like, leathery, feath-
ered, or a mismatched pait.

Chi 6, Yang Chi 2, Yugen 8

New Traits:

Demon Huncers

Thelackof secrecy amongthe shen mean that more humans
know their secrets, Some humans have decided to dosomething
about the agendas of the supematurals of the East,

The Shih

The Shih are humanity's oldest defense against rapacious
shen. The Shih date hack over 1,300 years. ince those times, they
have organized themselves into small enclaves usually no more
than a master and several students. They are virtuoso martial
artists and wise sages. They often possess Chi powers that mimic
‘Nei Tan, and more importantly, they know tnany of the shen's


weaknesses — much to the Kura Sao's chagrin they long ago Suggested 4
learned how to awaken jade ancl use it against che Shinma, Streetwise 2, Ac
rength 2+, Dexterity 3+,Stamina 3, Investigation ience 3
erception 3+, Intelligence 2+, Wits 2+, Charisma 2+, ‘Traits: Yin i 4, Yugen 6, Willpower 7

pearance 2+ Equipment: Anyth
Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Dod
Acrobatics3, Martial Arts, Stealth 3, Surviv

including hi-tech weap
ed damage. Their
ms or cyber-im-

yn
, ons and armor, and weapons that;
equipment may

plants) or boost Attributes beyond human norms.

Shen

Wau Tan: Nei Tan 1-2 The shen
afamily, they

rymuch likean extended family of pitits. Like
theirnumber
of thei

1F more in.common than:
che Supernaturals of the W

e another (excusingt
vather — but the ger
1 feel for one another

Scrike Force Zero

tatsties forthe prodigal, the
found in the Appendix of

ech and cybernet
chem fromthe automaton- detailed with the descriptions below und
the Metal Dragons is that these men and Ofcourse, the best source of information
ot of leeway to carry out their missions. They are Yearofthe Lotusproducts: Kindred of the East, and Hengeyokai.
ally driven to succeed. Bur, in the end, they arestill dupes.

Dexterigy3+,Stamine Chin Ta (CDagi)

Trying to fathom the wa

like foot sold
women have
per

+, Charisma 2+,

ave them to it. The chi'n ta and
m to one another, like the lady and sie firefly,
but oftentimes, the meeting is disascrous.

An ancient hsien text, the Hao Chuan, reports that the
Asien helped the nascent Dra is perfect their mystic
arts to help prese 8
Wan Xi
that time, the similarities of the Wu Tan and the magicks ofthe
mages have made the idea of cross-pollination intriguing.

+ Five Metal Dragons: Many timeshave individual chi'n ta
come to the Shinma fr help against these fallen brethren. While
theirpresence had been felt for years, it wasnotuntil recently that
their actions have truly alerted us to their presence. They are far
more concerned with the other sen than with us at present. But
ifthefate of theonce blessed Wu Lungistobe believed, wecannot
afford to wait for them to strike. (Use the "Technocratic Badass"
characteristics in Changeling: the Dreaming, p. 282)

New Traits: Yin Chi 7, Yang Chi 3, Yugen 10

* Akashic Brotherhood: They hold much promise as

en too concerned with their own salvation to
worry about othe
in Chi 5, Yang Chi 5, Yugen 10
The Dragon Wizardsfell due to their overcon-
fidence brought about by their early success. They have always
been more enamored of the kamnuii than the rough hirayanu,
sof faded imperial tapestries
ang Chi 7, Yugen 10
se crippled witch-women are the masters
ac Tao. Their souls are as twisted as the
stumps they

New Traits: Yin Chi 6, Yang Chi 4, Yugen 10

Powers and Weaknesses Revisited

* Wo Tan can be used to mimic the powers of the magi
Rather than break their powers down by particular Alchemy, it
rakes more since to divide their powers by level of Chih. Mages
with spiritimagicks haveall the Wu Tan levelsat 1-2. Others with
control of the natural world have all the Wu Tan at Levels 3-5.

Hengeyokai
(Werewolves and Ochers Shapeshifcers)

The hengeyoka lies of the hsien. Some, how-
e as devious as any Kuei-jin.

‘ Nine-tails: These bizarre fox-peopleare the boon compan:
ions to the hanumen. They are crafty and humorous, but theie
practical jokes often leave blood and broken bones in their wake
+ Hakken: Themost organizedandnumerousofthechanging
breeds. These wolfsoldiersare dangerous enemies and fierce allies
* Zhong Lung: The Dragon children are blessed with the
ability to sometimes speak with the Dragon Kings of the Celes
‘ial court. Even proud kamuii kowtow to the Middle Dragons.
© Khan: These hengeyokai are proud and noble. Many
have followed the khan into battle, Now they are few
# Tengu: Th reoften the fst tell the Viiand the Fu
cfplotsagainst the hsen. For this, they have eared favor from many

Land of Cighe CDitton Dreams


9: Fear them. The goblin spidersare bedmates of demons.

‘+ Nagah: Rarely seen, these cousins of the fu si are wise
and noble,

|
|
| * Same-Bito: They share the proud hearts of the tanuki,
:

even if they seem to be mindless flunkeys. They, too, serve the
Dragon Kings,

* Nezumi: Distrusted by their kind, the nezumi find friends
among the hirayanu, They are great sources of information on.
the Kuei-jin and the less-savory sides of humanity.

‘New Traits: Yin Chi 2, Yang Chi 9, Yugen 10

Kuci-jin (Vampires)

The fallen Wan Xian are the greatest foes ofthe hsien. This
is not due to pressures from the courts, the huge organizations.
that control the Kuei-jen, bur because weak hsien make iresist-
ible targets for che vampires' Chi lust.

Beingattackedby a Kue jin usually means lath, final absolute
death forahsien. Once a Kueiin begins tofeed om ahsen they rarely
stop until they have drained the form dry ofall ts Yugen and Chi
isin who escape their clutches are scared for years. While the
Yuugencan hereplenished, Chistolenin his way doesnot regenerate!

Luckily, the vampires have difficulty distinguishing hu-
ama. Also, che courts frown on feeding upon

hsien. The rich Chi of their body makes Kuei-jin mad.

: The courts hold sway over various areas of the Middle
Kingdom. The Blood Court rules Beijing, while Shangha
the hancl of the Flesh Court. The Flame coure rules Hong Kong.
‘Southeast Asia is che realm of the Golden Courts.

Each Kucijin pursues one o ive pathsin the pursuit ofredemp-
tion from sins against the Celestial Courts These have far more sway
in their dealings with the shen than do theie cour allegiances.

© Devil Tigers: These are the most dangerous Kuci-jin.
They are probably responsible for more hsien deaths than any
other. Never trust them; they are demons in the making.

‘+ Resplendent Cranes: These Kuei-jin can be trusted
above all other, but the Cranes are some of the most ardent
supporters of Kuei-jin traditions and organizations. Know that

| their loyalties lie there, not on platitudes for the foolish

© Bone Flowers: There are learned scholars among the
shadows. Many can learn from these and they will give much for
knowledge, but remember these creatures always know more of
the dark than of the lighe

* The Whispers: You will ne
even if she wears the same face. These Kuei-jen are insane,

* Thrashing Dragon: These vampires are unpredictable
and often violent, but their bestial ature actually gives them an

| appreciation for nature. More thaneven the Resplendent Cranes
| have these savages aided in preserving the Middle Kingdom.

New Traits: Yin Chi 5, Yang Chi 5, Yugen 10

Powers and Weaknesses Revisited

* Kuci-jin are humans who have returned to the Middle
Kingdom to work off a karmic purpose — this may be a debt
incurred froma sinful human life, possibly something older, such.
as the sins of the Wan Xian.

meet the same one twice,

© The eastern vampires rot, not bum, in sunlight. Some are
very resistant to the Sun and can spend early dawn or late
evening outside.

‘© Magics of the shen and Chi-augmented attacks cause
aggravated damage. Wood harms Yin-aspected vampires, and
Metal harms Yang-aspected vampires.

Shinma of the Cu Courcs

These Shinma do not follow the leadership of the August

Personage of Jade. Some, like the Daityas, have sought theirown,
way in dhe Middle Kingdom. Their success, some say, has led to

hubris. For now, the Daityas see themselves as gods. The Kura
‘Sau now follow the dread Yama Kings. They are the living
representatives of the demon lords in che Middle Kingdom.

Daicyas

The Daityas have as complex a social structute asthe hsien
(See Chapter One.) They have wo camps much like the
division of the kamuii and hirayanu, The Naobi concer them-
selves with the larger issues of the Middle Kingdom and the
Shinbatsuconcentrate on answering the prayers ofthe common
man and correcting their errors.

Suggested Attributes: Siren
Perception 3+, Intelligence 2+,
tion 2+, Appearance 2+

‘Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Streetwise 3,
Acrobatics 3, Martial Arts 5, Stealth 2

‘Trait in Chi 6, Yang Chi 6, Yugen 12, Willpower 7

Equipment: armor, sword

‘Wu Tan: Any except Nei Tan

Kura Sau: The Kura Sau are servants of the Yama Kings
(See Chapter One.) These hsien hate the August Personage of
Jade and their only wish is to bring about the Age of Sorrow as
soon as possible. Yama Kings keep their spirits bound to their
bodies. For this reason, there are two basic varieties of Kura Sau:
Yang-aspected Kura Sau are very beautiful, while Yin-aspected
Kura Sau look like rotting, yet walking, corpses. Kura Sau have
not found out how co balance theie Vin or Yang natures — only
the power of the Yama Kings keeps them on this world.

Powers and Weaknesses

# Kura Sau can only gain Yugen by eating humans (10
points of Yugen per vietim), or by visiting their version of a
dragon nest, a Caul.

*# These allen hsien can heal damage (includingageravated
damage) by spending a point of Yugen while inflicting a Health
Level of damage.

+ Theie leaders (the Okuma) possess a third eye that they
can use for Clairvoyance. (The Yama Kings use the eye to check
up on their minions' progress.)

* They are not trapped by the Wall. They may travel to the
Yomi Worlds by making a Willpower roll; theie appropriate Chi
score (ashsien castsmagic) determinesdiffculty. Theymustachieve
number ofsuccessesto equal or exceed the Wallratingof the area,

‘* Kura Sau do not have both Yin and Yang Traits, they
have one or the other. (See below.)

h 3+, Dexceriey34, Stamina 3+,
2+, Charisma 3+, Manipula

Chaprer Six: Seccing Syscems 7


Rate

jin
The bite of a Kuei-jin is one of the most terrifying
experiences ahien can face. Once ane ofthese beasts latches
6, it can drain a point of Yugen from a Shinma by drinking]
its blood. Each point also causes one Health Level of damage.
(Onceall the blood Yugen isgone, the hotei beings quickly dc.

Very powerful Kuci-jin can steal Chi from the breath of a
Shinuna, This also causes & Health Level of damage, but the:
Kuei-jin can steal more than one Health Level ata time, Todo,
this, the Kuei-jin must be in physical contact with the hsien and
have access toan ear, mouth, or nose. (This form of feeding i
impractical in. most combat situations.) The system uses a
contested roll, difficulty 6. The Storyteller rolls the Kuei-jin's|
Stamina and then fsien rests with her Stamina. Ties and|
negative results have no effect. The Kuei-jin ingests point of
Chi per success if it gets more successes than the hsien. |

Ifthe Kuei-jin still feeds once the hsien reaches 0 Yugen,
it will begin to cat the spiritual nature of the Asien, Each
drought will pull a point from either the Yin or Yang Chi of |
the Shinma (one or the other). When the hsien's entire Chi
reserve is depleted, the hsien is dea, forever.

Whar if the Asien escapes before Final Death? The Chi]
eTmanent in Most Ci ‘Only by journeying to the]
Yin or Yang worlds can these Chi points be regained —and
only if done within a lunar month of the assault.

Watch out for the demons.

loss is

+ Kura Sau have access to dark Alchemies, such as Hac
Tao. They give chem to summon demons and animate the dew.

Suggested Attributes: Strength 3+, Dexterity 3+
34, Perception 3+, Intelligence 3+, Wits 2+, Charisma 2+,
Manipulation 3+, Appearance 2+

Traits: Yin Chi or 8, Yang Chi or 8, Yugen 8, Willpower 6
Equipment: jade, shorgun, sword
Wu Tan: Any except Nei Tan

raichs

‘The spirits of the dead and their wars over more dead things
interescthe sien little. The Yin Worlds neverhheld rauch appeal
for the servants of the Dragons before the Wall. Now that land
and its bleak denizens are but a half-forgotten nightmare to us

New Traits: Yin Chi 10, Yang Chi 0, Yugen 10

Lair of che Dragon:
Places of CDagic

The Spiric Worlds

The spirit worlds of the hsien are not places of feel-good,
New Age enlightenment. While they do encompass magic
gardens and mystic puluces of jade, it's a bureaucracy. There is

Land of Cighe QDitlion Dacams

hierarchy in Heaven and Hell, andif youdon'tfollow therules,
you are in trouble.

‘While there is some debate over the nature of the Wall and
the Asien's exile, it is now a rule that hsien are exiles. The spirits
know that. While some want to point a long fingernail at the
Kuei-jin, others are not so sure of the reasons for the hsiens' fate.

Onceacharacterattains the Jade Key, they may wander the
spirit worlds at will. Since that will not happen for a long time
during a chronicle, here are some rules for foolish, intrepid or
unlucky Asien who leave home without their key.

Allhsien have an innate unease about crossing the Wall —
even though the spirit world exerts a sicen's call. There are
plenty of stories of a few that have had other shen take them on.
the other side. Most of the time, they do not come back. Have
others warn the characters that they enter the spirit worlds at
gxcat peril to their existence.

‘The exact Chi state of the hsien determines much of what
happens once they cross, but all Asien will attract spits — those
unaligned with the powers of the Ease will recognize that the
sion isa spirit creature, Some may try co do them a favor by
destroying that nasty body entombing them! Those aligned
with the Easter spirit world will recognize that it is weong for
them co be here without the Jade Key. They will endeavor to
send them back andor alert the spirit "authorities.

Oftentimes the "authorities" arein the form of aChi-Ling
ora sien who possesses the Jade Key. They will severely punish
interloping hsien for breaking this Mandate of Heaven. Should
the sien have been forced though —a none too easy task, the
Chi-Ling may decide to save the Asien and punish the shen
foolish enough to make them waste their time!

The good news is chat the character regenerates five Yugen
per scene. The rest is bad — very bad indeed.

Balanced Chi

Imagincstandingon thefulcrum ofa teeter-totter-Oneside
ismadness; the other isdeath. That is what the spirit world feels,
like to those lucky enough to have balanced Chi. The character
‘must expend one Willpower point to act — even ta defend her!
Otherwise, she collapses into a ball and awaits her fate.

‘No Alchemy can cure this state

Greacer Yang

The character's YangLegacy complete
‘expend a Willpower point each scene to remain calm. When no
more Willpower remains, the character beyins lashing out at
anyone around him — picking fights, tc. He will asoatrack any
spiritthatcomesneae: Ifnotforced back through the Wall, he will
eventually attemp« to flee to the Yang worlds, « gibbering fool

No Alchemy can prevent this madness

Greacer Yin
The character's Yin Legacy completely rakes over and her
body begins to rot and putrefy. The character loses one Health
Level per scene.
No Alchemy can heal chis damage. Death is inevitable.


QDirror Lands
‘The Mirror Lands lie just beyond the Wall that separates the
spirit worlds from the Middle Kingdom. They are place between
a nexus between reality and the Yin and Yang worlds.
Closest tothe Middle Kingdom, theyseemashadowy reflection
of this world. The wild Yin and Yang energies intensify the Mirror
Lands. A run-down neighborhood in Shanghai isa ghost town in the
Mirror Lands. A pretty garden isa mystical beauty across the Wall.
‘Distance and direction are the same, although time can be a bit hard
tojudge.fycuwalkamilesouth and popbackoutofthe MirworLands you
willhave traveledamilesouth. Dayscome andgodependinygupon the feel
(Yin, Yangor Balanced) ofthe area the characters are travelling hough.
TheMirrorLandsarehome tomastoftheelementalsthecharacters
meet. Although the most ponverfil dwell in the Yang Words

The Tapescry

There are no other walls separating the Yin and Yang worlds
from the Mirror Lands. Ifyou rise "upward" you head to the Yang
‘Worlds, "downward" lies the Yin Lands. As one moves away from
the shadow of the Middle Kingsdom, time and distance lose mean-
ing. One moves from place to place — there is no "between."

Uin Lands

‘The few that journey here find it, atbest, sterile and unfriendly,
‘Thisisthe land ofthe human dead and the demon hordes ofthe Yama_
Kings. Hsien who enter the Yin Lands risk retribution from the p'o,
the eretnal soul of the human whose body they now animate.

‘Characters whose Yin Chi has been unnaturally drained,
such as from a Kuei-jin's attack, regain those lost level at a rate
of one point of Yin Chi per scene spent in the Yin Lands.

Yang Lands

The Yanglandsare veryconfusingforShinma. While theyarethe
undoubted home of the elemental realms, the Dragon Kings and the
gateway to Heaven, they are also the home of a thousendfold other
minot gods and Western spiritual interlopers. Without the proper
formsofidentificationand guidance, asienwillsoonbe hopelessly lot

Characters whose Yang Chi has been unnaturally drained,
such as from a Kuei-jin's attack, regain those lost level at a rate of

cone point of Yang Chi per scene spent in the Yin Lands.

What prevents a mage or shapeshifter from killing a.
Shinmaby carvingahole inthe Wallandpushingan annoying
sen through? First ofall it's breaking one of the Mandates of
Heaven. Chili, fu dogs and other servitors of the Celestial
Court mark shen who break this Mandate of Heaven are asking

for severe retribution. Stories ofthe holy havoc unleashed by
pissedchi-lin and theieservantshave passed down through the
ages to most of the shen. They know better.

Lastly, itisn'eeasy. The August PersonageofJadedecreed
| che hsien's imprisonment. Even in the Fifth Age, that still
| holds some weight. The difficulty for such an action is no less
than 8. And the successes necessary are no less than 3. These
numbers cannot be reduced.



ie

‘Only in hut built for the moment can one live without fears,
—Kamo no Chomei, Hojoki

Pach of che Hsien

The Land ot jon Dreams is a drastically different
place than Coné most every way possible; i's more
ancient, secret and Moreover, the hsien have little in
common with the Kithain, either in form or magical expertise.
This chapter d for the Storyteller; it h
unique pers he Asien and offers basic
running a chronicle for Shinma, including st
moods, enemies and allies

Kamuii
Kamuii are the guardians of the elements and the arbiters

ofall Shinma, TI
need to

(Yangtze) River for example. This body of w
the Yunnan province in southwest China
2000 miles. Ifa kamuii has taken on the enormous task of

Chapcer Seven: Honorifie

guarding the river, he'dhave lots of opportunitiesfortravel. The
same is true for kamuui arbiters; they may have to journey great
distances to adjudicate a dispute between Shinma. The

antjudge makes good role fora kemuii player character; he may

even have kamuii companions or hirayanu assistants accom-

pany him
In general, kamuii are much more at ease with other sien
than they are with mortals. Mose kamuii have nothing against
mortals; they have to live as humans much of the time, x
ber. It'sjust that they don't understand humankind as wel
hirayanu do, For many cencuries, the kamuii have b
caugheup in their own tasks, that they've neglected to pay much
attention to the growing numbers of humans. Today, this is a
China has the largest national population
fh over one billion people. Humans are every
and often they encroach into kamuii lands. What will
kamuiido—learn to live with these mortals or strike out:
them? The latter choice certainly wouldn't sic well with the
hirayanu!

iracies, Bounciful Alliances


When creating kamuii, consider their thought processes.
They ate ancient and powerful beings confined to an carthly
plane they may have even helped create. Many hate the Kuei-
jin for their supposed role in the sundering of the Middle
Kingdom from the spirit realms. Kamuii want to continue theit
ancient ways of guardianship and arbitration, but the task

growing increasingly harder. Overcoming their difficulties and
proving theie ability to find balance while living as hotei isthe
only way to bring down che Wall separating hem from the sprit
realms. Ifthey can prove to those watching from the other side
of the Wall that they are worthy, perhaps then the Shinma can
return to theirancient postsat che side of the August Personage.
For now, though, the kamuii have co live in this world, a cask
mang find overwhelming.

Hirayanu

‘The hirayanu have much closer ties to humans. Their
connections to the kamuii involve working as messengers and.
harbingers, but thehirayanuare much more than servantscothe
elemental nobles. They're quite versatile, and the Storyteller
should have an easy time thinking up ideas for hirayanu
chronicles; these could easily involve quests for lose objects,

deliveries of tidings near and far or helping outa human family
in distress. The harder task is figuring out how to sustain such
quests and tasks overa long period af time so that they coalesce
intoa cohesive chronicle, Players will quickly get tired of stories
that are nothing more than "missions of the week."

Land of CigheCDitlion Dreams

A multi-part quest with a variety of conflicts and rolepl
‘opportunities might be a good way to accomplish this. Perk
‘kamuii patron asks che hirayanu to deliveracertain pieve of informa-
tion to another kamuii. Upon arriving at the shrine, the hirayans
charactersdliscover the temple hasbeen razed, They investigate ancl
Jeam the temple'shou-chi guardian and all hee valuable paper scrolls
Jhave been taker by the servants of a Kuer-jin. This leads toa search,
forthchou-chismaybethey rescueher duringthenextadventute but
she then sends them on aquest for the lost scrolls. While looking for
these scrolls, the characters meet a hengeyokai and spend an inter
‘sting advencure with him before resuming their quest. Along the
way, a relative of one of the charactersshows up, confused.ascowhy
hissisterran away fromhome after recovering fom aterminalillnes
— and the story continues. Before you know it, a diverse and
complicated chronicle has emerged.

While hirayanuaren't purely creatures of the elements, like
the kamuii, they have a gift all their own in being able to
communicate with humans so well. The hirayanu can't resist
interacting with mortals; it's part of their nature. Granted, they
don't like being the vietims of lies or tricks; there are no words
in the Mandate of Heaven against taking revenge on treacher-
‘ous, cruel humans, Hanumen and tanuki, in particular, don't
like to be the brunt of jokes, and they'll respond in kind with a
vengeance, Some hirayanu may even take a human along on
part ofa quest; this would allow for an interesting mixed troupe
Perhaps the human is even a mage or a hengeyokai Kinfolk,
which would shock the other characters


Dance of the Clements

Like the Ten Thousand Things, a good chronicle is com-
posed of many elements. The Storyteller establishes thesetting, (7
theme and mood for her saga, while the players add unique
characters with individual stories that inspire everyone's cre-
ativity and roleplaying, Conflicts come and go, helping toshape
the plot. Finally, order and chaos merge to bring the story to a
conclusion until i's time for the next thread of the chronicle to
begin.

Themes and CDoods

A themebroadly describes what genre your story is going to
cover: it'sthe most basic par of aplot. Mood, on the other hand,
is the general impression you want to leave behind when the
scory is done and the players are packing up their dice. Most of |

corytellers find that these aspects of the game |

gle and overlap. The following themes and moods offer

suggestions for adding flavor and atmosphere to yout Shinma
chronicle:

Dgsceay and Incrigue

The East is utterly unpredictable, shrouded in veils of
obscurity. Here, nothing is ever as it seems on the surface.
Words have many meanings, buried in layers upon layers of
insinuation and secret messages. Silence also may reveal as,
much asitthides. Asa Storyteller, your task isto build stories
that make characters want to pull aside those shrouds of
mystery and see what's inside, even if doing so may bring
their doom, Did the beautiful nyan courtesan really mean it
literally when she called the chu-ih-yu swordsman a master of
the long cutting stroke, or did she refer to something more
figurative? Paranoia is also a useful tool; what is the strange
shadow lurking near the characters at dawn? Was that a
knowing look in the suijen's eyes or merely a reflection of
moonlight? Who knows the characters' secrets, and what will
that person do with the knowledge? Always keep players
guessing as to what's going on beneath the smooth surface of

the waters.

Balance and Order

Many hsien believe that a key to returning to the spirit
realms and presence of the August Personage is finding
balance. They seek it faithfully, yet it often eludes them;
imbalance is a more frequent state of being. Moreover, ask
some hsien — if balance is the key, why can't the hanumen
and komuko return to the spirit lands? This insight seems to
indicate that more is needed than mere balance... but what?
‘An easy mistake for some Shinma to make is confusing
balance with order. These concepts are not the same; order
is making things systematic and carefully arranged while
balance is bringing things into a state of equilibrium. Per
haps, too many hsien have settled for order, litele realizing
that Yin and Yang, balance and imbalance are necessary for
the other to exist.

Chaprer Seven: Honorific Conspiracies, Bountiful Alliances 13

Guardians and Helpers

Boch kamuii and hirayanu serve as watchers and protectors;
the elemental nobles guard places sacred w nature while the
animal hsien help humans in need, These tasks are essential to
the hsien's integrity and character. No Shinma can deny these
ancient callings, at least not for long, Any kamuii or hirayanu
who does so violates the Mandate of Heaven itself. That being.
said, even the Shinma can be duped and pur at cross purposes.
‘Suppose that a member of the Technocracy, the Five Metal
Dragons, explains to a tanuki how damming up a river will give
the people in the nearby village fresh, clean water. The hirayanu
might be all for it, while the local suijen may well be outraged.
How can the two ancient roles of guarding sacred places and
answering human prayers ever take precedence over the other?

Quescing

‘The destiny and higher purpose of hirayanu is to take on.
tasks given by kamuii and to quest for knowledge, wisdom and
even fabled treasures. Most hirayanu find quests irresistible; the
whole process provides chances to meet new people, see strange
places and stir up a good fight. Though less frequently, kamuii
too can engage in quests, particularly if these journeys relate to
protecting their element or righting an injustice. The quest is
‘one of the basic elements of many hsien chronicles. The
‘Storyteller's job is to make sure this theme doesn't merely
become treasure hunt of the week. That would get boring real
quick! One way to do this is to intersperse lengthy quests with
‘one-shot adventures, perhaps involving characters' personal
problems or troubles in the local area. Both Storytellers and
players appreciate the occasional break from long, detailed story
threads.

Juscice

Justice is acoin with ewo faces. One side is utterly impartial,
fair and honest, where to ert on the side of a greater good is
ceptable, even ifthe guilty sufer lessened punishment. The
otherside is rigid, absolute and exact; here, there is no room for
extenuating circumstances. Kamuii must walk ehe fine line
between these ideas, andall too often, some stray fur to one side
For example, some Shinma may think the chu-ih-yu ctuel in
their inflexibility, while peshaps the komuko are so impartial,
they remove themselves from the reality of an affair and cannot
understand the plight of the victim. How will characters act
when confronted with a violation of justice? Will they be able
to walk the thin line, or will they step firmly to one side?
Incorporating notions of justice into a game is an excellent way
to explore a character's personal demons.

Nacure

Western changelings enjoy the benefits of Glamour from
the beauty of creativity — art, music or poetry, for example.
Shinma rejoice more in the beauty of nature and the simplicity
of ura life. The elements of wood, ire, metal, water and earth
influence them eternally, Arguably, the kamuii are closest to
nature; they ae its protectors and reap its protection in turn

Land of EigheCDitlion Dreams

Pe

according to their element. But the hirayanu, too, ate tied to
nature and the elements. Even though the kamuii may have
been chosen by the Mandate of Heaven as nature's protectors,
only the basest hirayanu would turn his back on a polluted iver
or mountain, As Western technology and modemization creep
into the Land of Eight Million Dreams, China's natural beauty
and resources become more precious. More hsien than ever will
be called upon to insure that the forces of nature and the
clements are allowed to continue their endless flux

Ploccing

Just as you leamed in junior-high language arts, a plot is
simply a series of causes and effects. It's the sum total of events
in yourstory and how the characters will shape or provoke those
events, When thinking about plots for hsien, ask yourself some
basic questions. What's the general sequence of the story? What
actions will likely precipitate a climax? Are chere certain set-
tings and Storyteller characters you'll need to detail? What is
the source of conflict in the story?

Essentially, Land of Eight Million Dreams is a new world
andadifferent game than Changeling. The usual fantasy movies
and romantic legends you've used as inspiration have little in
‘common with the people and placesin the East. So where do you
get some new ideas? If you don't know much about Eastern
anythology, pick upa good, general workd mythology book. Read
‘some of the many Chinese or Japanese legends. Other Year of
the Lotus products are also excellent idea sources.

‘Once you've gota basic concept for a game, expand ieinto
a series of scenes, just like you were writing a story. An outline
of your plot, listing possible events, isa good way to start. Try t0
put yourself in the players' shoes; what possible reactions will
they have? How will these alter the ploc? Any experienced
Storyteller will quickly tell you that the only certain thing in
laying ouraploristhat che players will change it! Often, chougl
this can tur out to be mote fun than what you'd originally
planned, if you're willing to go wherever the wind blows. I'sone
thing co gently steer the players toward certain events in the
plot; it's quite another to shave them along your strict path of
encountersand sectings. Lecting the playersand their characters
make some choices and become interwoven in the story is a
must.

The wise Storyteller invests some time in writing out her
ideas and preparing notes and characters. A basic plot outline is
often enough for experienced Storytellers; others prefer more
detailed summaries ready at hand. Flowcharts are also useful, as
are maps and floorplans. If you anticipate a big fight, make a
quick-reference sheet for the adversaries that includes Will-
power, Health Levels and certain statistics and powers, such as
Wits + Alertness

In short, Storytellers need to do whatever it takes to be
prepared for ust about any direction the playerstake. Thiswon't
stop them from dicing up your carefully planed plot like kung
pao chicken, but it does help you improvise and roll with the
punches. The bottom line for everyone, Storyteller included, is
to havea great time.


Characcers

Never forget that the characters should be ceneral to your
chronicle, Ifyou have flat, ewo-dimensional Storyteller charac-
ters, your players will be bored. If the players' characters are
cardboard cutouts with no flavor ancl no story to tel, you'll have
trouble coming up with plots for them. Everybody in the game
needs to invest some time in creating meaningful, interesting
characters.

Most good characters evoke some kind of theme; it's your
job todiscover those themes among the players' characters and
bring them into the story. Maybe Stewart's chu jung warrior Lu
Wong suffered a terrible and humiliating defeat at the hands of
a powerful warlord who stole his protectorate. Lu Wong has
spent several years searching for a way to reclaim his honor and.
lands, Here's character with a clear theme: a quest for justice.
Lu Wong feels he was wronged and seeks a fair rematch.
‘Vengeance may or may nor come into plays Stewart makes clear
that Lu Wong's main goal is to reclaim his lands and bring the
warlord to the actention of the chu-ih-yu and komuko. In the
course of the chronicle, Stewart hopes the Scoryteller will give
hhim a chance to see Lu Wong's goals resolved.

The more dificule part or the Storycelleris makingsure the
characters' stories are cold dramatically. A smart Storyteller
wouldn'e ler Lu Wong kill off che warlord in the first session,
instead, she'd cry to throw out bits and pieces to build up
suspense and intrigue over the course of several sessions. A lot
of time may pass in the chronicle before Lu Wong sees justice
served. The real trick is remembering that this same use of
character drama and story must take place for every character
‘Sometimes, Storyteller characters also become intrinsic to the
troupe, and players will be disappointed if their characters
friends and enemiesin the chronicle don't get erearivedevelop
ment as well.

‘One way to help che troupe flesh out their characters is to
have players write letters or stories from their characters points
‘of view, Another tool is the solo or pair game. This lets most of
the attention focus on one or two player characters' interests
without worrying about boring others. Maybe Joan really enjoys
dramatic conversations and lots of court intrigue, while James
and Jessica like fast paced combat. Running a solo game fraught
with political conspiracies for Joan will satisfy her urgings, while
a pair game set around a couple of big, nasty fights might better
please Jessica and James.

Players and Storytellers have a dual obligation co each
other. First of all, players should concribure ideas and wish lists
for their characters; telling the Storyteller how much they want
to visit che ancient temple in Tibet or track down the evil
warlord provides fuel for the chronicle to keep going. Most
Storytellersappreciatefeedbackandsuggestions fom playerson
what they want to donext. The Steryteller hasan obligation to
help players make their characters interesting, or in the worst-
‘case scenario, to gently explain to players that certain characters
may not work. If youre the Storyteller, running a chronicle set
atound questing for the three ancienc secrets of a lost suijen
shine, a character who's a loner ot likes to just sit around the

Chaprer Seven: Honorific Conspiracies. Bounciful Alliances

pagodaall the time is not going tofit. Ir's no fun foranyone ifthe
Storyteller can't make sure thatall the characters havea reason,
to be involved in the chronicle.

Seccings

More than most games in a Western milieu, the Storyteller
will have tospend considerable ime fleshing out setting detail
for a hsien chronicle. He can't say, "Okay, you're at the Hotel
Montgomery freehold when your cell phone rings," beca
many cases, such ultra-modern conveniences as cellular phones
don't exist in rural China. Sometimes, diseases that have been
conquered in the West for years wipe out whole villages in the
East. While cities like Beijing and Shanghai are thriving
metropali with more than nine million people each, they're
only pare ofan enormous nation. Big cites may have modem
conveniences, but most smaller towns don', And forget the
piecureof Chinese home cookingassweet andl sourchicken with
swon ton soup and egg rll; some families are lucky to have rice
and « fow vegetables once a day

‘Take some time to "visie" Chinaand know her better. Check
‘out tours guides and picture books from the local library. Most

westerersdon'tknow whatan Eastern temple or home looks like
~ get a world architecture book and look over the floor
‘Warch some travel movies oF talk: to people who've a
traveled to or lived in China. Like the United State
enormousplace with an endless varieryofpeople;unlike America,
‘China has a history many thousands of years old
Since many kamuii guard shrines and natural phenomena,
a lot of the chronicle may be set away from the city. Similarly,
ashirayanu often undergo quests, you'll have to know bitabout

the intricacies of Chinese geography. A goo! place to start is
detailing the characters! own community. Isthisa small village?
A neighborhood in a large town? What mortals or shen make up
the local scene? Where do the hsien meet to discuss their goals
—agarden, a restaurant or maybe ariverbank? Do their human
friendsand family live nearby? What kinds of places do the hsien
frequent in the community? As the chronicle develops, you'll
want to add details for the characters' personal dwellings, too.

Of course, the setting i still only as good as the characters

and plot within it. A good setting will enhance your story, not
overshadow it, Make sure you can achieve a balance between,
interesting places to visitand a creative, exciting tale, Remem~
ber, it's not how much lurid detail you add to the lost palace of
the Fu Ching Prince, but what happens once the characters get
there that makes for a memorable story.

Confliccs

Whar's the major source of grief for the characters in your
chronicle? Are they besieged by greedy Kuei-jin! Is an old and
powerful hengeyokai nagging them? Maybe bunch of harmless
but nosy Western changelings are poking around, Sources of
conflict in a story can likewise include the characters! own
shortcomings and fears. Since a major theme far the Shinn is
nature, they might also face natural disasters or encroachment
by forces secking to destroy China's resources. Whatever the

145

See


are different in China; a surname comes

Your best bet for finding Chinese

book or a fictional source with lots of

characters. Consider building a name list before you sit

own to playbecause you maynotbeable touse the old trick

‘oflookingin the phone book for a handy name. Adding the

personal touch of not just a fishmonger, but Li Jen the
Fishmonger, really enhances your setting.

case, mostchroniclesbenefitby havingregular conflicts. Granted,
the players will get bored if you simply throw the same villain at
thei week after week, buthavingalong-termenemy thatshows
up every so often can be dramatic. Following are some sugges-
tions for adding conflict to the characters' busy lives. Storytell-
cts should once again note that other shen have a difficult time
recognizing hsien, unless they manifest in their wani forms. It'd
bea mistake to have every Kuei-jin in the neighborhood jump
the character, unless they'd seen her in her true form.
Kaci-jin

‘They are the Hungry Dead, outcasts wandering lost on a
karmic path. They seek Chi and wisdom thae they might fulfil
their destinies and find Balance. To them, the hsien are like the
most rarefied jade — vibrant and animated with the energies of
life, Moreover, the hsien are some of the richest shen in terms of
Chi: it fills them not only with Yin and Yang but also Yugen.
Shinma are walking feasts to the Chi-starved Kuei-jin; they
blaine the vampires for all their earthly woes. Most Shinma
firmly believe thar it was the Kuei-jin's treachery that broke the
Middle Kingdom from the spirit realms.

‘This, of course, means that the kamuii and hirayanu are
often targets for the Kuei-jin. They don't undertake attacks on
fsien lightly, but these guardians and messengers are often too
{empting for Eastern vampires to resist. Once a Kuei-jin begins
taking Chi froma Shinma, itis very hard for her to resist taking
it all, destroying the Asien forever. Over the years, this has
happened much too often. Now the hirayanu and kamuii take
no chances; a Kuei-jin is almost alwaysan enemy and treated as
such without exception. On the other hand, this isthe East, and
absolutes don't really exist. Some whispered tales circulate
aboutrare meetings ofhsien and Kuei-jin thatendin peace. Most
Asien don't believe such dangerous stories, hough. At present,
a state of uneasy truce or cold war exists between these to
families of shen.

Kuei-jin make excellent and interesting villains for a
chronicle in the Land of Eight Million Dreams. They're often
old, terrible and wise. They want Chi atall costs, no matter how
many Shinma they must tear through to get it. Pethaps, there's
an ancient "warlord" who demands sacrifices from a local
village: fresh young boy or girl every harvest season. The hsien
player characters could answer the human parents' prayers and
investigate, only to find out the warlord isa Kuei-jin, They'd be

Land of GigheCDitlion Dreams


fools to attack the ancient demon head-on, so how will they
defeat him and save the humans? For a more twisted plot,
pethaps a secretive patron hires the characters for several
missions over the course of an ongoingstory; then, ina dramatic
climax, the Shinma discover their benefactor isa Kuei-jin! Will
they gomad with despair and ill the possibly innocent vampire
(yeah, right), or search for the facts before attacking? Hopefully,
the Storyteller has emphasized the horror these undead beings
represent to the Shinuna, setting up a difficult dilermma for the
characters

Hengeyokai

‘The hengeyokai and Shinma have much in common: They
are both spirits made flesh, walking the paths of che Middle
Kingdom in multiple forms. Both sen and hengeyokai tread the
dragon lines and guaed dragon nests, the rare and valuable
sources of Chi. But most of the hengeyakai can visit the one
place sien cannot: the spirit worlds. Fortis reason, the Shinma
aredrawn to the hengeyokai as Those Who Change areremind-
ets ofa gift lose, Atsame time, many hsien are insanely jealous
of the hengeyokai. What decrees in the Mandate of Heaven
made itso thar the hirayanu and kamuii are forbidden che Other
Lands while the shapeshifters are not? This envy sometimes
makes for an uneasy relationship,

Shinma certainly get along better with some hengeyokai
than others. The Zhong Lung, Khan, Nine-Tails and! Nagah
have ll had relatively cordial dealings withthe sien inthe past,
particularly the hou-chi, Certainly, there is some friendship.
between the nyan and the Khan, or the Nageh and fu hsi, The
Tengu and Hakken confine most of their activities to Japan,
making ltele effort to show themselves to the hsien. The Same:
bitoand Kumo rarely deal with either hirayanu of kami, while
the Nezumi may work with some Shinma in secret; their skills
would certainly be of use to the Yellow Lots.

‘The hengeyokai might well fll che role of risky allies in a
hsien chronicle. They've got some overlapping goals and inter-
ests with kamuii and hirayanu, but at the same time, they're
unpredictable and wild. What's a calm and peaceful komuko to
do when confronted with a raging hengeyokai? Most of these
shapeshifters wish to turn the Wheel of Ages forward full circle
ro its beginning, while some Shinma wane t© prevent the
coming of the Sixth Age, the Age of Sorrow. The Storyteller
should make it clear thac while the hengeyokai may be helpful
associates, they've gor their own troubles and duties that, to
their minds, go far beyond the personal quests of the hsien

Lighening People
and The Five (Decal Dragons

Hermits, martial artists, wandering monks — these are but
«few of the mages, the chi'n ta, mysticks who manipulate the
awesome forces of True Magick. Nonetheless, they are still
‘mortal, and many particularly attract the attention of hirayanu.
Mages ate a curiosity to the Shinma; they aren't necessarily
forces of Yang or Yin, like the Kuei-jin. They aren'e restless
spirits or shapeshifters, like the hengeyokai. So whar are these
A lotof hsien would like to know more. Ofcourse, they

Chapzer Seven:

have litrle notion of the ceascless rivalries beoween the Wu
Lungand Wu-Keng. (See The Book of Crafts.) Likewise, few
hirayanu or kamuii recognize the fallen ones, servitors of the
Yama Kings, known in the West as Nephandi. The Shinma are
mostly just interested in the chi'n tas understandings of al-
chemy, balance and the Ten Thousand Things.

‘The force posing the most danger to the hsien is the Technoc-
racy, knownin the Eastasthe Five Metal Dragons. Among Western
changelings, dealing with Technoerars would inflict harsh Banal
ity; the sicuation is slightly different in the Land of Eight Million
Dreams. While the traditionalist and mystical Li Shen, Xian Mo
andl Wu Hsien recoil in horror ac the destruction the Dragons'
innovations bring, the draw of Western technology is almost
iesistible tothe more worldly Shiomna. They pointout the benefits
‘co mortals in having health care, reliable communications and
<lean waters theyrefuse tose the price the Metal Dragonsexactfor
their knowledge. An unfortunate number of Shu Shen, Xian Mu
and even Yai warriors have poked their curious fingers into the
Dragons' fais and pulled out hands bumed to a crisp

The Metal Dragons work well as devils by the deed in hsien
chronicles; they're like opium dealers offering frce samples at
farst, then charging higher and higher prices for their wares. The
other chin ta are probably more elusive, which may make some
Asien nag them all the more. Whatever the case, hirayanu in
particular will have ahard time ignoring these powerfil mortals,
particularly if they ask for help.

Waigoren

Are you Confucian, Taoist or Buddhist? asks the sidhe
politely,

"Yes," replies the sun.

Sir Percy scratches his head in confusion, unable to com-
prchend Bountiful Countenance's answer.

Also known as gweilo or gaijin, the Waigoren are the
barbaric foreigners. Many shen believe they're crude, rude and
socially inept. The Shinma find most of them bizarre, particu-
larly the Kithain, because they're totally consumed in a battle of
absolute dualities. Toa sien, even creature of greater Yang will
always harbor some amount of Yin; the two shift and change,
transmuting one into the other, always and forever. Hsien
believe, rightly or wrongly, that Waigoren have no true under-
standing of the nuances of gray, and assume that all must be
either black or white. What's more, many suspect that the
‘Westemers want to invade the Land of Eight Million Dreams
and impose their own rigid feudal system. It's not that the
Shinmadon't want balance, hierarchy or structure; it's just that
they're happy with their own complex system and see no need
for the Waigoren to change it.

But the bottom line is that the foreigners are coming. Asian
markets are opening more and more co Western investments
everyday. Chinaisno longer closed to oursidersasitoncewas,and
anumber of Waigoren visitevery year. Whatchangeling wouldn't
jump forthe chance tomeet mortals whobelieve in magic, people
calling out to whoever listens for their prayers to be answered?
China may be a Western changeling's dream come true.

: Honorific Conspiracies, Bounifl Attiances


ce

Onriene Express

So you want the changeling troupe to take a trip ta
the Land of Eight Million Dreams, but how do you get
them there? How will the Shinma behave? What will the
Kithain think of these Eastern changelings?

Getting to China shouldn't be too difficult; trains
and planes arrive in the major cities of Beijing and
Shanghai every day. Shanghai is also a major port, and
since China's takeover of Hong Kong, visitors have
even more gateways to the country. Bolder characters

ch for trods to the Land of Eight Million
Dreams; Storytellers should note that both the Shinma
and certain hengeyokai may take this encroachment
con the dragon lines as a threat rather than innocent
curiosity.

Why are the characters traveling to China — to
acquire knowledge, fulfill an oath or open diplomatic
relations? Maybe their mortal jobs rather than any
Kichain connections require their travel. In chat case,
finding other changelings might be an interesting and
pleasanc surprise. Many Shinma will be inquisitive about
the Kithain; the fuhsi, hanumen and nyan may welcome
the visitors if the Westem characters make an effort to

be polite. Most kamuii will be more suspicious, wonder

ing if these strangers come with hostile intentions

toward the land and resources. Two things might help

the foreigners ease into the hsien society: a willingness

to learn Chinese beforehand and bringing gifts. Such

efforts should impress the Asien and show them the

Kithain are not all greedy, self-centered barbarians.
Finally, if you're apprehensive about running a

series of adventures in the Land of Eight Million

Dreams itself, consider sending your troupe to

Chinatown in New York, Chicago ot San

The Shinma also frequent these miniature vers

their homeland and,

introduce the Kitl

of the player character

Shadow Court activity at a Chinatown r

never returned; the Kit! searching and meet

ve youa more conv

some Shinima along the way. Whether these Eastern,
changelings help the Waigoren wind their way through
the tangled streets and stage a rescue is up to the player
characters. The Kithain might make lifelong allies —
or enemies.


Hsien stories with the Kithain of Concondia and the Wese
} can simply be about knowledge. Maybe the changelings are
curious about the East and travel to China to gather informa-
tion, pethaps they've heard all the legends and like Marco Polo,
want to become famous explorers. In this case, they may find
friends among the kamuii and hirayanu. On the other hand, a
crowd of oathmates who believe they're superior to the back-

wards and rural Shinma will be in for a rade awakening when,
some chu ung toasts their ill-nannered selvesin abonfire. Note
that the Asien won't be particularly concerned about the whole.
notion of Seelie and Unseelie; they'll be much more interested

ngwhy the changelings have cometo the Landf Eight
Dreams and what they want.

| Huncers

| ‘Two distinct types of mortal hunters pursue the Shinma.
rst arc the Shib, and for hsien, they are likely the lesser threat.
‘These men and women want to maintain balance, and they're
wise enough to understand that even such odd creatures as the

Shima have a place in the natural order of the Ten Thousand
Things. What goads them to action is when hsien or other shen
actin such away as to disrupt that precarious balance. A solitary
hou-chi who quietly guands @ sacred forest? Fine. A hanumen
who once in while "borrows" the village cattle? Tolerable. But
a jealous nyan who viciously claws up the schoolgirl who stole
hr latest paramour? Not acceptable! A Shih will want to get to
che bottom of what happened and find out why the nyan
behaved in such a disruptive manner. Such actions go against
the hirayanu way of helping humans, and the Shih can't abide
| such imbalance. Naturally, the kamuiimight have something to
say ubout this; che Shih are clearly stepping onto their turfs far
4s justice among hsien goes. While battles between these groups
may be purely ideological, don't forget that everyone has a
breaking point. Both Shinma and Shih have their honor and
reputations at stake.

| The second type of hunters, members of Strike Force Zero,
are much more deadly. They're not interested in balance or
justice; they could care less why a hsien burt a human or burned
down factory. The parry responsible mustbe hunted down and
stopped at all costs, and this usually means death. Exterminate
the problem, and it won't come back to haunt you; that's the
Strike Force Zero motto. Moreover, they don't necessarily give
credence to the action of individuals; if a single Shinma did
something wrong, then all of them are responsible and have to
pay. These efficient warriors are well trained and equipped, if a
bit naive as to the workings of the hsien and other shen. Scrike
Force Zero agents should be extremely dangerous opponents in
the chronicle. For much more information on these and other
Eastem hunters, check out Demon Hunter X.

Hsien

| ‘Nor all the hsien coexist in peaceful harmony. Two groups
cof hsien in particular, the Shu Shen and the Yellow Lotus, are
trouble for everyone, The Shu Shen defy the concept of balance:
and pursue extremes in bath carnal appetites and savage vio-
lence. They loot, plunder, murder and generally stain the

Chapzer Seven:

AS)

reputation of benevolent kamuii and hirayanu everywhere. In a
chronicle, they make excellent bodyguards and mercenaries for
more powerful shen, including Kuei-jin or perhaps even Kin-jin.
They may even have strong allies in the Sabbat or among
servants of che Yama Kings. A classic story might be cwo old
friends, one Shu Shen and ane Xian Mo, facing offinaduel. Can
the fallen hsien be redeemed, or should he be put our of his and
everyone else's misery?

Membersof tl
more subrle. The

¢ Yellow Lorus, on the other hand, are much

re a secret society scattered among kamuii
and hirayanu; their goals seem contradictory, and noone knows
their trucagenda oreven who makes up their membership. One
seemingly obvious aim is fomenting rebellion from within the
ranks of the Shinma. The Yellow Lotus dredges up ancient
rivalries and long-forgocten wrongs in an effort to disrupt the
order of the Li Shen ministries. On the other hand, the Yellow
Lotus has often claimed responsibility for punishing Asien who
are too blatant about appearing in their wani forms; they're sort
of a secret police in this regard. As their work ranges from the
spread of rumors to outright asswssination, the Yellow Lotus
‘makes an ideal shadow organization for a chronicle. Itcould be
thar they have some agenda ftom another supernatural being o¢
even the Shih. On the other hand, they might just be stirring up
trouble for their own lave of chaos. These are the type of people
that may have a "sleeper" among the characters, ifa Storyteller
feels this intrigue would work well with her players.

Endings

A good ending toa long-running saga isn't a simple thing,
Storytellers need to make sure they have all plot threads neatly
tied up, ready to unravel for che next series ofadventures, while
also paying attention to che whims and needs of the players. Did
Joan set great stock on having her chu-ih-yu character sit in
jucgment against the evil fv si assassin? Had Jeremy been
looking forward to aight between his heng po martial artist and
Buck's chu jung swordsinant If so, and you the Storyteller don't
deliver on the players' hopes for their characters, they'll be
disappointed

Another tip to remember is lecting the troupe finish what
they started. Don'tendasession in the middle of abattle;noone
will recall what was going on by the next time you play
‘Similarly, try not to end a multi-part story without allowing the
characters to reach a good stopping point. Even if they weren't
able to complete their quest, ending for a winter break in the
‘komuko'stemple is much better than leaving characters stranded
in the wilderness during a snowstorm

‘Most importantly, after the game is over for the day, sic
down and talk to the players. Did they like the session? What

‘was the most fun? Did they write down all pertinent information
aboursecretsdiscovered and people met? What things about the
game would they like to change? Many times, players chem-
selves come up with excellent ideas for che next series of
adventures. If they mention how neat it would be to visit the
Lost Cavern of Nine Silver Orchids, then you che Storyteller
have the beginnings of a new plot in hand.

Honorific Conapiracies, Bounciful Alliances 149

}

Scory Seeds

The following are some suggestions for Storytellers to run |

adventures in the Land of Eight Million Dreams. You should
feel free toexpand and adape the seeds obest suityour chronicle
and characters

Paper Tigers

An unfortunate kamuii has been enslaved by a supremely
powerful shen. This villain could be a Kuei-jin, an embittered
hengeyokai,amighty chi'n taor evenanotherhsien. Inany-case, |

Cel -
EX

the kamuii victim has been set up as a puppet guardian of a

territory, and forced to commit atrocious acts, she suffers tet

rible shame. One of her courtiers gets word to the player |
characters: Help my mistress escape her prison! Of course, this |
is easier said than done. What is the best way to assist her?
Will the characters opt for an all-out assault, or will they
seek to blackmail the shen overlord after a session of
intrigue at his stronghold? This thread would be ideal for
a mixed troupe of hirayanu and kamuii

ay,

Sal

gg

Precious Jade Flower

A revered hou-chi asks the hirayanu player characters to
‘escort his ward to a new guardian and teacher. This child, says
the kamuii, is precious and magical, destined to fulfill a great
‘good for all the hsien. The hirayanu must protect the giel at all
costs. Of course, there'll be tons of trouble along the way. Maybe
a rival kamuii wants the girl for himself and sends his own.
servants to stop the characters. Perhaps the girl wants to escape
all the attention and fend for herself. Either way, it'sa long road
to travel with an energetic child and enemy warriors blocking
the path.

Deach of a Thousand Céony Knives

Avicioushui ung of Shu Shen are evidently killinghighly
placed politicians and wealthy persons, then taking over the
bodies in the kun shou ritual. Worse, this bloodletting is
presumably part of a much larger power play. Such behavior is
despicable in the eyes of all hsien; moving from human shell to
‘human shell in kun shou is not to be taken lightly. How will the
characters stop this nastiness? Why are the Shu Shen commit-
ting these atrocities? What if the Shih decide to intervene? This.
should be a dangerous and frightening plot for both kamuii and
hirayanu.

Forcress of che Burning Hearc

Hsien-jin have few connections with their mortal families,
but what about the hsien-tsu? While most leave home in early
adulthood, will they completely turn their backs on their
mothers and fathers? How about siblings? In this story seed, a
‘human villain, such as a crime lord ot tong leader, threatens a
hsien-tsu's beloved brother or sister. The Shinma has an obliga-
tion to help, even though others in his hui t'ung disagree. They
believe that renewing ties with the mortal family iscruel,a false
"promise for parents and grandparents to pin their hopes on, only
to be disappointed with the hsien leaves again. This moral



In ancient tines}

In those days, theyt

anomie stinae? senetin "Siena "esniheeeansintstnenes ete

of. chronicle;

nm, chronicle.

GAMES FOR MATURE MINDS
ane ISBN 1-56504-722-2

ae
