# File: Lasombra.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

‘
Re

ANS

A Sourcebook for VAMPIRE:The Masquerade"


CATHEDRAL OF DARKNESS

By Ricuarp E. DANsky AND EuizaBeTu DircHBURN


Swallow darkness, boys, give ap yoar year.
~ hay Bradbary, The Halloween Tree

Ido not need to explain myself to yoa. | exist that is
enough reason for me to rate. [have the noblest blood of
oar Kind in my veins, and soon I shall have yoars on
my lips. | was born to command and reborn to
dominion, and no matter how far youd ran, you
cannot hide from me.
The kine woald taagh if you told
them aboat vampires who were
afraid of shadows. Goa and I
Know better.
lil give you to ten.
Start ranning.

CREDITS

Developed by: Robert Hatch
Edited by: Robert Hatch and Cynthia Summers
Layout and Typesetting: Matt Milberger

Miles

Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly and Aileen
Interior Art: Pia Guerr:
Leif Jones, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

Front Cover: Timothy Bradstreet and Grant Goleash
Back Cover: Matt Milberger

Written by: Richard E. Dansky and Elizabeth Ditchburn

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Jason Felix, Fred Hooper,

és 780 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SUITE 100
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA
GAME STUDIO

©1996 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher
xpressly denied, ept for the purpose of re-
views. Vampire: The Masquerade and Clanbook:
Lasombra are trademarks and copyrights of White
Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or

products in these pages is not a challenge to the

trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader

discretion is advised. PRINTED INCANADA

SPECIAL THANKS TO:
Richard "Lasombra Rule!" Dans!
opinion of the book you now hold.

Rob "Tzimisce'd Kick Their Asses" Hatch, for being the
opposing side in the new Sabbat Civil War.

Ken "Don't Go There" Cliffe, for being so desperately
above it all (even in his skirt).

y, forhisoh-so-humble

Ethan "Rawhide" Skemp, for rollin', rollin', rollin' down
to Garou Gulch.

Ronni "Mortified" Radner, for dealing so well with the
deluge of drunken humiliation heaped on her concern-
ing (ONE WHO SHALL REMAIN NAMELESS).
Cynthia "Pinup Gi

jummers, for her postal posters

Tan "Dr. Volcano" Lemke, for discovering clever new
juxtapositions of monitors and walls.

Steve "Homer" Wieck, for that big ol' financial DOH!
Chris "Fetish?" Henry, for Tracey's naked body, the wall,
and the sandwich filling.

Clanbook: Lasombra


Cuaprer One: Dusk tN MARRAKESH

Cuaprer Two: AN EveNtne's Discussion with MonsiGNor ALFONSE
CHAPTER THREE: AN EVENING AT THE FEET OF Don MIGUEL
Cuaprer Four: Acceptable MoperN LASOMBRA

Apenprx: CerTAIN Espectatty NoTEworTHY LASOMBRA

@ Contents



Z
cS

She said it was justa little game —hide-and-go-seek.

I've led a pack long enough to know better; games with

us are just a way to disguise tests or exercises. The rules of

this one were simple: I was to track her through a

marketplace full of kine. She didn't bother to say what
would happen if lost her trail; it wasn't her style. She just
slipped into the thickening shadow of a building, but I
could hear her voice as if she were walking beside me as
I headed after her, or at least what I hoped was her.

"[ hope you are enjoying Marrakesh, childe. It is one
of my favorite cities; so much shadow to work with,
especially here in the bazaar. The sights, the fragrances,
the smells... ah, it is like nowhere else on earth."

Never mind the market's smells; it was her fragrance
on which I centered. She'd transformed the area behind
a row of stalls into an inky void. Only the scent of her
perfume (and underneath it, her vitae) gave me any
indication of which way she was headed as she continued
tospeak. Her voice seemed to flow out of a dozen different

shadows, and it was hard not to follow the sound instead

of scent.

-CHppTeR ONE:
Dusk
MARRAKESH

IN'

Then again, this wasn't supposed to be easy.

"As with some few of the others, my dear protégé, you
were chosen for the Rites because of yourpotential. The rest
were mere cannon fodder, but you — you were worth
keeping. You have prov
your initiation, and it has been positively heartwarming to
watch. Incidentally, I was truly impressed with the way you
handled the scout who tried to go over to the Camarilla. I

1 yourself time and again since

was gratified that you realized that he needed to be made an
example of. And making his Toreador, ahem, ‘friend'
participate in the Blood Feast— that wasan inspired stroke.
I trust you heard that the Camarilla called a Blood Hunton
herfordiablerie. Suchnonsense! They would keepall weal
just to protect their paranoid elders."

I caught a glimpse of her ahead of meas I left the dark
stalls behind. She was moving through a crowd, coming
toward me; her oval face looked as pale as the moon in the
desert night. Then I saw her in two other places in the
crowd, and realized it wasn't her at all, just a nightshade.
I hate those things

@® Chapter One: Dusk in Marrakesh


ANNU

"AWN

The first one walked beside meas I hurried throug
crowdafter her. Shestill spoke tome, though the voice didn't
emanate from the shadow creature beside me. It was there as
a mockery, so I did the sensible thing and ignored it.

"No matter how promising the pupil, there is always
the danger that he might be captured by the Camarilla.
Let the Brujah brutesand Toreador fops wag their tongues
in front of their babes. It suits them well since their words

re so much more impressive than anything else they do.
We Lasombra prefer to be certain that our newer mem-
bers cannot be forced to reveal anything truly important
if captured.

"I know what you think of the Camarilla's skills,
especially when it comes to locating spies and interrogat-
ing prisoners. The members of the seven clansare foolishly
sentimental, butdo not underestimate them. They would
not have survived this long if they did not have some
strength and cunning."

Her image beside me disappeared, replaced by a
tendril of shadow that wrapped itself around my ankle. |
fell heavily to the ground as it pulled my leg out from
under me. Damn! Not even time to roll with it, and |
knew how much emphasis she put on grace.

Well, damned if | would hobble along after her. |
stumbled to my feet and willed vitae into the twisted
ankle. It took only a second, but in that time her scent
grew fainter. I suppressed the urge to curse at the loss of
time; it would only encourage her.

"You know enough about the Camarilla to make up
your own mind about them, though I will listen to you
rantabout them later if you wish. For now, I think I would
like to make a purchase. From where I stand, I see a lovely

bronze mirror which would make a nice addition to my

collection."

She was close, then. I could see the mirror too, ata
stall not 20 feet away. This was my way out of the game.
She was obsessed with mirrors; she had three rooms full

of them in hermansion. Like an itch she couldn'tscratch,
she couldn't help peeking into mirrors. | couldn't under-
stand it myself. It's not like she ever saw anything there.
Hell, it's not like any of us ever see anything there.

But that didn't matter. Right here, right now, I could
use a mirror to distract her and buy the few t

cious
seconds I'd need to catch her.

"Don't try to hide yoursmirk; I know what you think
of my little perversion. Perhaps when you no longer

remember what color your eyes are you won't find it so

amusing. People tell me mine are everything from blue to
hazel. Childe, youare too fond of protesting that looks do
not matter. As your sire and elder, | tell you they most
certainly do. Try that ‘it's what's inside that counts' line
on a Nosferatu sometime, if you're feeling adventurous.
Physical beauty, childe, like any other quality, has its
importance, and more than you think. If you survive this

Clanbook: Lasombra @


night's work, you will eventually be expected to create
childe of your own, and you must learn to weigh all of her
qualities. | know you better than to think you will
Embrace aman. No, it will be a woman, and an attractive
one — perhaps one who looks like me?"

Her little cosmetics commercial gave me the break |
needed. She wasn't the only one who could manipulate
shadows. With a moment's concentration, | called forth
a tendril of shadow and used it to grab the mirror. The
tentacle slithered its prize to me, and I was rewarded with
a fleeting glimpse of her as she melted back into the

darkness behind a stall. Her monologue, though, contin-

ued as if nothing had happened

"Do youremember when youasked why the Lasombra
chose a ‘little lady' like myself to join their ranks? Having
heard so much talk of strength, you thought you had been
chosen for your physical prowess. I believe at the time |
merely disabused you of the notion that I was quite so frail
as I look. It was an important lesson, I think, reminding
you that physical strength cannot compare with strength
of will."

She was still nearby, then, if she caught my involun-
tary wince at the memory. Even being turned into a
vampire, hit over the head with a shovel and buried alive
hadn't prepared me for all the realities of unlife as a
Lasombra. It took two weeks of getting my ass whipped

regularly by a five-foot-tall woman who could (and did)
break every bone in my hand for calling her "little lady"
before | even began to catch on.

"Our clan realizes, more than any other, that the
greatest strength of a vampire comes from the darkness
within. It was the ability to harness and control my inner
darkness as a mortal that brought me to the attention of
our leaders, and, as they predicted, it is what brought me
through the Rites. It was for the same reason that I chose
you, much as you tried to deny it at first

"remember the moment you first realized just what
it means to know the darkness of your own soul. It came
out the night your old college friend came across you
feeding. He was intelligent and willful — strong friends
are thesign ofatrue leader, you know — but nevertheless
he had to die. I know it was not easy for you, but 1 was
quite proud that you realized so quickly that he must die.
You didn't whine or try to pass the responsibility to
another. You drained him yourself, with but a slight
hesitation. Yourealized then that you would do whatever
was necessary throughoutall of the dark centuriesstretch-
ing before us. I would not have expected less of my childe:

‘© be Lasombra is to know yourself capable of
anything. If you must slay a friend, a lover, a child or
parent, then you will do so, and do so without hesitation.
We expect no less, for we know our worth. This is a
knowledge that we embrace rather than shrink from, and
this is why we lead our kind

@ Chapter One: Dusk in Marrakesh


"From the very beginning, Les Amies were the best of
our clan, the real leaders. Mind you pronounce it prop-
erly, childe — your accent is atrocious. To be introduced
to the order means that you are a true Lasombra and can

appeal to Les Amies for support in your endeavors. As for
those Lasombra who are never introduced to Les Amies
well, they have no destiny, though I'm sure the

V

entrue would think them dangerous."

It didn't take much brainpower to figure out that if
you weren't friends with Les Amies you'd probably find
yourself short on buddies, amigos or whatever ata critical
time.

"It is my sire who will preside over the meeting of Les
Amies tonight, and trust me, you will need your strength.
Oh—did I not mention you would be tested? Many of his
other childer have lost promising pupils when they
t them to Marrakesh. I warn you now that this is

bro
no simple ceremony, no cotillion as the Ventrue throw
for their pink, spoiled childer. No, this is a true rite of
passage, and it will test both your will and courage. Do
not fail me. You will make me proud of your performance
tonight, or your ashes will blow across the dunes when
the sun rises."

She didn't sound sarcastic, so she must have had
more confidence in me than I did in myself at the
moment. | was having only limited success with my

tactic. The main problem was that there really wasn'tany

place in this stinking maze that was free of shadows

Perhaps if couldat least get her closer to one of the lights
I could improvise something.

"Tam glad to see that my words have not shaken your
outward resolve. I am certain now that we will hunt
together again tomorrow night. After all, I only choose
the very best, and only the very best have the privilege of
becoming and remaining Lasombra. We are harsh be-
cause we need to be.

And you, my dear, favorite pupil,
will learn to become harsher still."

Icouldn't get her close toa light; she was far too good
achess player. Then it struck me: I could get the light to
her with the mirror. I'd been Lasombra too long, | guess;
I'd almost forgotten what mirrors were good for.

"T know I have often hinted at these things, telling
you of your destiny and of our rivals. I have told you that
the Ventrue have nobility but no purpose, and the
Tzimisce have purpose but no nobility. We Lasombra are
superior because we have both."

I was ready. I was fairly certain I knew which shadow
she'd pop out of next. I waited, counting under my breath,
and then pointed a beam of reflected light directly at the
shadow, catching her in it just as she stepped out.

She stood there as if she were standing in the spot-
light on a Broadway stage. Smiling, no less. "It was a
clever way to end, childe, and a good run." She walked

over and took the mirror from my hand, glancing into it

@® Chapter One: Dusk in Marrakesh

as she always does. I keep wondering if she expects that

somewhere, somehow, there isa mirror that will show her
what she looks like. | doubt it

She must have caught my frown, for her lips pursed
shut and she handed the mirror back tome. "Itshines like
a bronze lantern, and reminds me of one more story you
should hear." We walked together out of the marketplace
as she finished her lecture.

"There was a time, some two hundred years ago,
when itseemed all the world was being turned on its head,
from one side of the Atlantic to the other, that I chanced
across one whom I shall never forget. I was in Hispaitola,
dealing with business relating to the sugar cane planta-
tions some of my comrades controlled in the West Indies.
Don't frown so, childe — trafficking in kine is at least as
old as Caine himself

"But you divert me. It was there, on the road to the
port just where it bent to hide the manor house from view,
that I saw him. I could tell from the bones in his face that
asa mortal he had been Castilan, perhaps, or Aragonese,
and undoubtedly a noble. His velvet suit was of a modern
cut, but the rapier at his side must have been older than
Iwas, judging by the workmanship and the cut of the gems
in its hilt

"At the time I wondered who he could be. I knew
him fora vampire, and for old blood at that, just from the
way he carried himself. If you have trained with the sword
for hundreds of years, it shows in your every movement
I wondered at his name, for here was someone who was

not of the Camarilla, yet I felt I was acquainted with all

the Sabbat of note. He had me mesmerized, this vampire;
I could feel the power singing within him, that dark
knowledge, free from any pretense of false beneficence.

"It was then a mortal passed him carrying a bronze
lantern, and I knew what he must be. My sight has always
been keen and quick, and in that instant my eyes darted
from the polished side of the lantern, which reflected
only the wooden railing behind him, to his face. I caught
ahint of a knowing smile as my eyes met his. In the next
moment I fled, for an unknown ancient of our blood
could only be one thing

Clanbook: Lasombra @


Sometimes I wish she didn't know so much about
me. Killing a friend should be a private matter. On the
other hand I was glad she knew what I would do for her,
for our clan and sect. I could see her now, her dark hair
streaming out behind her as she slid into a shadow. Out
of the corner of my eye I saw her emerge from a different
patch of darkness 40 feet away. Desperate to keep from
losing her as she jumped from shadow to shadow, | filled
the area ahead of her with flickering shapes, hoping they
would slow her down.

"It is because you have acquired such knowledge of
yourself that you are here tonight. As you might imagine,
adding to our clan is more than a matter of simply biting

afew necks. The Creation Rites were always meant to be

at Glene cansfounnuedsendihey cree thee
well, leaving those who survive with no illusions about
whe The process is not without its risks,
however, and can often lead to certain undesirable psy-

they ar

chological flaws. Homicidal mania, image obsession,
aversion to authority —all of these are desirable only in
moderation.

"After some watching it becomes apparent which
new Lasofhbra will achieve greatness, and which will not.
Those whom we find trustworthy come here to Marrakesh,
or to Cadiz, or to Sao Paulo, for their testing. Those who.
don't — we shall not concern ourselves with them
tonight.

"T have brought you here to meet and to be accepted
by certain of the elite order of the clan. That sucha group
exists is not something that we share with those of other
bloodlines, and we do divert the inevitable speculation.
Tam certain that by now you have come across dozens of
rumors about secret groups within our sect. I myself have
three file cabinets full of tales about the Black Hand, and

accept not a single one as entirely true. Like a wilderness
of mirrors, these tales reflect the truth while misplacing
itand thus hiding it. You are here, my handsome childe,

to lear a piece of the truth."

Theflickeringshapesdidn't
There were simply too many darkened areas; if one were

ause her even to pause.

too much trouble to pass to, she would simply choose
another. Maybe I could use this diversion to edge her into
a better-lit area. | hoped |] could — I was running out of
other ideas, and I had a feeling that if I didn't end this
quickly I'd be seeing the Hand soon enough.

"The elite order of the Lasombra is called Les Amies
oir, and those who prove themselves loyal, trustworthy

bed erebicmretinvitedsio jomadfetnenienmny dear
childe, is French for a reason. Did you think it would be
in Spanish, perhaps? They teach too little history to
mortals these days; the name was chosen during a period
Recinenshenc ven comme eee eke nneh

Clanboo!

Lasombra @


"It has troubled me ever since, childe, for though I
knew I would have been destroyed had I stayed, I despise
backing down more than anything else. Ina clan that until
all too recently was overpopulated by males, I hate to do
anything so passive. Of course our clan needed warning,
and they would have gotten none had I been his meal that
night, but that knowledge does little to comfort me

"Be ever wary of other Kindred, but itis the ancients,
especially the few remaining ones of our own bloodline,
that you must fear most strongly. And do not get so
caught up in the affairs of our kind that you forget that

there are equally deadly creatures that we share the
shadows with, and they can be a far greater menace than
adozen ravening Gangrel. This is a dangerous world I've
brought you into, my childe, and what I do, I do to ensure
that you will survive its perils,

"There is so much more that I wish to tell you, my
protégé, but it must wait until after your testing. We
should not keep Don Ibrahim waiting. Come, my dear,
soon you will prove to the best among us that you are a
true Lasombra. | have every faith in you."

@ Chapter One: Dusk in Marrakesh



tA

~ CHAPTER" Two: -
E'VENING'S":
| DISCUSSION WITH™ »

«".

MonsiGgNor ALFONSE

Come in, sit, sit while. You seem surprised to see a
paisan here, my daughter. Why should that be? The Dons
and Dofas are notall there are to the Lasombra heritage.
Not every. Cainite from Italy is a Giovanni —we were
there long before' the Cappadocians and theleusurpers
slithered into Venezia. There are Moors among us as
, save by those who still bear
grudges from Ferdinand and Isabella's reconquest. There

well, respected and honor

are more than a few of those, alas. And your own visage,
it reflects the mysterious East. Forty years ago we'd never

have Embraced you, you know. Forty years can change a
great deal, even for our kind.

But you are the future, childe. You are what the
Lasombra are becoming, and you did not come here
tonight to hear me ramble about your part in all of this.
At least, not yet. No, you have come because your sire
told you to go hear dim and dusty stories of the ancient
past from Monsignor Alfonse. And | am certain that you
looked forward to this evening in much the same way you
might have looked forward toa visit with an elderly uncle

while you were alive. Dutifully, you would have gone, but

never permitted yourself to enjoy the evening. A pity,
that. The old often have much useful knowledge to share,
but the young refuse to listen out of principle.

Youare about to hear
the history of our lineage, as it is, or was, or might have

So, make yourself comfortabl

been. The facts themselves do not matter. What we
believe to be the facts, that is what matters. Never make
the mistake of thinking that I am telling you the truth. |
am telling you what we believe to be the truth, and all the
difference in the world lies there.

?No, the tales
of commoners begin at the beginning. Our tales begin

So, where do I begin? The beginnin;

wherever we choose. Close your eyes, childe. Listen, and
know your blood.

Pax ET BELLUM

Listen. Can you not hear the tread of nailed boots,
The

legions of Rome are marching, marching to our com-

the cries in Latin as each night's castra is arraye

@ Chapter Two:

An Evening's Discussion with Monsignor Alfonse


mands. Yes, Rome was our city, atleast fora while. Scipio,
Pompey, Tiberius, Trajan — these are the names of our

servants.

The Toreador and
their Etruscan servants, they held it first. Of course, in those

Of course, it was not always ours

days it was a hovel ona hill, complete witha lovely view of
fetid swamps and cowering from the oh-so-cultured Athe-
nians in Magna Graecia. Then we arrived, and displaced the
Tarquin kings, and suddenly the city was a place of power
The glory days of the Republic, when our lands expanded,
and expanded again. The Ventrue came to us, and the
madmen of Malkay, and the city grew and prospered

You look confused at the notion of our sponsoring
the Roman Republic. That is because you are thinking in
today's terms, not yesteryear'. Lose yourself in that time,
not ours. Consider a place where only the finest citizens
Were permitted to go to war. "Return home with your
shield, or on it" — these are words that our clan lives by
to this very night. Why, to run for office, a man needed
to show his battle wounds in the Forum before the rest of
the citizenry. This was a Republic of merit, not of toady-
ing politicians, where strength and mettle earned one
power and spoils. Now tell me, how very different is that
from our creed of today?

That Republic, alas, grew weak. It became overex-

tended, and we permitted our Ventrue guests to drag us

into pointless conflict with the Brujah of Carthage.

Elephants in the Alps and all of that aside, we triumphed
handily, as could be expected. The fields of Carthage
were sowed with salt, the city laid waste, and Scipio
Africanus award

da hollow triumph. And ever our
legions marched onward, pushing into the lands of the
Assamites, the brutish Gangrel, the twisted Tzimisce.

We cracked their castles and our bronze-shod phalanxes
watched those monsters burn in the sun. We made those
lands ours, and had we kept them, they would be ours to
this very night. Unfortunately, we gave them to the
Ventrue to administer, and thus we lost them

Oh, sometimes not for centuries, but Ventrue hand-
wringing and Ventrue inefficiency cost us province after
province. Ventrue laxity and Ventrue backbiting left our
borders undefended, so that when the Fiends finally
regained enough of their strength to incite the barbarian
tribes, the only opposition to the Huns and Visigoths
were old men and beardless youths. Meanwhile, we
trusted the so-called Blue Bloods to administer our city,

and what was the result? Bread and circuses! An Emperor
as changeable as a tunic. Do you know that at one point
the Ventrue and Malkavians were swapping Emperors?
One after another... the Year of Four Emperors, it was
called. Of course, the Ventrue won this petty game,
staying at home with their puppets in the Praetorian
Guard. The troops, our troops who made Rome great,

: Lasombra @®


were furloughed to farms across the Empire so that they
might not muster and pose a threat to the incompetence
of the Ventrue.

By the time Rome fell, we, of course, had long since

abandoned the city and moved to the provinces. Indeed,

once the Praetorian Guard began auctioning off the

Imperator, we abandoned Rome as lost. We would have

healed her, but the Mad Ones and the Ventrue opposed

us. "Wait," they said. "This is temporary. A correction.
An adjustment. Soon, all will be right again and we will
retake Africa, Parthia and Britannia." Liars. Well, the
centuries proved us right. In Iberia, in Gallia, in other

places, true Roman culture persisted long after Rome
itself had declined from Matron of Cities to abandoned
whore. The best parts of her lived on in us, a thousand

miles or more from the Tiber.

Montano, once greatest of Lasombra's childer, did

make one last attempt to salvage our treasure. It was he
who brought Christianity to the Empire. Not out of faith,
for he had none save in his own word, but in an attempt

to inspire and unify. Eventually, of course, it failed. The
Christian

Unifying faith became dueling heresies, and Montano

Zmpire split in two and warred upon itself

retreated once again to the service of his sire.

i

asombra himself sojourned to Sicilia, with many of

his closest childer. In Siracusa he built himself a castle

and what transpired there is of great interest to you, |am

a ae N aM

yw Al)
\\

sure. That remains, though, another story. We shall not
move on unless | hear from you the lessons that the story
of Rome ought to have taught you.

Yes, the first is never to delegate to those whom you
cannot destroy and replace. Another is to rely on no force
save your own will to unify others. And the third?

Exactly. Never trust a Ventrue farther than you can
throw him

THE GREAT FALL

Lasombra's fortress in Siracusa was less of a castle and
more ofatomb. | have seen its ruins, venerated to this night
by some of the weaker-minded of our clan, and I shudder.
Itwas built as much to keep the unwilling in as to keep the
unwanted out. Eventually, of course, it did neither.

You must understand, Lasombra made a mistake.
Well, he made many mistakes, but there was one in
particular, compounded and left to fester, that finally
proved his end. We regard his end as fitting, ina way. He
proved himself unworthy, no matter how great his power,
to continue with us in our journey to greatness. Just as if
you were observed making a blatant tactical error on the
street tomorrow nightand were laid low by some arrogant
Brujah, you would be mourned, but not missed. So it was
with Lasombra. By allowing Archbishop Gratiano to live
and by ignoring Montano's warnings, Lasombra made a

aN

grave error in judgment.


One is supposed to keep one's friends close and one's
enemies closer. Gratiano was kept too near for one and too
far for the other. Thus, Lasombra died. Other consequences
followed as well, but you'll hear of them in due time.

pene cral ect Pacombers lla scimiple really
Arrogance and ignorance in equal proportions, mixed
with just a touch of hearing what one wishes to hear. It's
a tragedy as well, the story of the good son spurned for the
bad. Itis much like King Lear in a way, save that nobody
conveniently dies at the end. It is a messy story, and one
that has not yet ended

Picture the great ruined castle of Siracusa in the
nights when its dark stone lived. See its buttresses shoring
down through

the towers against the uncaring sky. G:
a hundred murder holes on the town that once provoked
el yourself in its dark corri-

Cicero to such eloquence:
dors, smothered in rich tapestries, as you wend your way
to the bed where Lasombra slumbered. Here the troubles
gan, on a carved frame of wood and a mattress stuffed

be

with the feathers of Hera's sacred geese. For here our
forefather slept, and in his sleep, his dreaming mind
wandered the world.

He did not always sleep, even in his last nights.
Though his hours of waking were few, they were frequent,
and he took keen interest in the doings of his progeny. He
observed them even as he slumbered, and constantly
searched for new sons and daughters to add to his brood.
He had grown bored with the old ones, perhaps. This
would explain his dismissal of Montano's warnings.

One that he settled on, after centuries of searching,
was a noble youth of paisan blood. Prideful and ambitious
was this Gratiano, and arrogant in his worth. Sent north
to stall the invading armies of the Teutons, he instead
went over to his house's enemies and agreed to trade his
ancestral lands for some already within the Holy Roman
Empire's borders. His dealings attracted Lasombra's ad-
miration, and our forefather set a trap from which the
only escape was the Embrace. In those nights, you see, we

did not Embrace any save those who desired it — if, of

course, they met our standards. These nights, we have
grown more selective in some ways, less in others.

But it was within the cell of his ancestral home that
Gratiano received Lasombraasa visitor and haggled with
him over the terms of his Embrace. Such arrogance! Not
since Abraham dared bargain with God over the righ-
teous of Sodom and Gomorrah has such hubris. been

seen! And such arrogance on the part of Lasombra, not
to see the danger.
Eventually, though, the bargain was struck. Gratiano

received the Embrace and followed his sire to Siracusa,

there to take his place in the endless hierarchy of prog-
eny. For two centuries and more he was patient, but toa
man of such boundless ambition, they must have been
two centuries of torture! Prevented from acquiring what


uN y

I do not know if I myself believe this legend. It
explains a great many things, but | am not sure if the
explanation is satisfactory.

That hour, of course, was the true birth of the Sabbat.
The fall of the greatest Antediluvian gave hope to the
anarchs and struck fear into the elders. The Tzimisce
struck their own little blow for freedom, led by Arch-
bishop Gratiano's disciple Lugoj, and soon war was joined
in earne:

. Those Lasombra who were but captured
during Gratiano's raid were among our sect's true founders.

Word of Lasombra's fate quickly spread among our
kind. Most had our innate respect for true inner strength
sabbat cause. Our beloved

and threw themselves into the
Archbishop Mongada of Madrid was one of these, and he,
in consultation with Archbishop Gratiano, created the
Sabbat as it is known today. There is more than mockery
in our series of bishops and archbishops, childe. There is
profound respect.

ome few had too much love for their forefather, or
too much fear of freedom, to walk our new road. These
ame antitribu.
Most, in their daring, went to ground in Granada or

became antitribu, even as Montano be

among the Moors. Most have long since been destroyed.
Montanostill lives, though even among the weak-willed
vampires of the Camarilla he is regarded as unlucky to
follow. His forays against his clan, you see, tend to end
with Montano returning in triumph — sans any who
followed him out to battle.

N

Embrace those you intend to keep fora reason, and allow

yw, the lessons you should have learned. One,

nothing to alter your plans. Two, never give a Tzimisce
more knowledge, or more credit, than is absolutely nec-
essary. Even now, they prance around their Carpathian
fires claiming to have created the Sabbat. Three, avoid
like the plague any excess sentimentality. At worst it will
get you destroyed, at best hunted. Youhave not Montano's
strength or power. You cannot hope to emulate his feats.

Finally, remember that the tragic hero always dies in
the end. Stop trying to emulate him and discard your
sympathy for his plight. It is counterproductive, inefficient
and likely to earn you poor marks from your humble teacher.

THE PuRGING
OF THE ANTITRIBU

Now, the lessons of war. We fight endlessly against

the Camarilla and its masters. Were the Antediluvians
not part of the equation, | am sure that there would be far

less conflict between our Sabbat and the seven clans, but
circumstances dictate otherwise. A disarmed opponent is
less dangerous, do you not agree? Ergo, we must take the
tool from the Antediluvians' hands.

Clanbook: Lasombra ®


It sounds simple. In reality, it is war, a war that has
raged unceasingly since the simpering anarchs signed the
Convention of Thorns. Of course, the fools and histori-
ans of the Camarilla have declared the "Sabbat Wars"
ended four centuries hence. These idiots have obviously
not visited Philadelphia, Toronto, Baltimore or
Tenochtitlan recently. Eh? My apologies, I was using the
old form. Mexico City, it is called now.

The war still rages, childe. Jyhad, Crusade, whateve
you wish to call it, it goes on night after night. It is merely

the most overt phase that the scholars of the enemy call
"The Wars." They chose a moment when they had the
upper hand, arbitrarily declared it a finishing point, and
sat bloated and sassy on their supposed triumph. As you
know, things are not quite that simple, and even their
great victory in this supposed "war" was not quite the
spotless triumph the Ventrue wish it were.

You see, evenas the butchers of the Camarilla drove
usback, we succeeded in one of our most important goals.
The antitribu, few to begin with, were extinguished by the
time the 16th century staggered to its close.

The "War" itself is hardly worth mentioning, save to
a student of tactics. The memorandum sent over an-
nouneing your visit indicated that you were a, ahem,
"telecommunications expert," so I won't bore you with
the details. The stories of how that imbecile Hardestadt
was chased from his castle in the Schwarzwald, and how
aarden in the Netherlands —
well, they are for another time. Let it suffice to say that

we subdued Zutphen and}

superior tactics and skill are a match for numbers only to
a certain point. That phase of the conflict was not one
where we achieved overwhelming success.

Where we did succeed, though, was in Granada. It was

heret
those of Moorish or otherwise Islamic extraction. Moriscos,

many of ourantitribu went to ground, particularly

those Spaniards who clung to the faith of the Prophet were
called. Even as we fought the Camarilla, we sought out the
traitors of our blood and destroyed them.

It was a matter of some debate, you know. Many of
our noblest scions were unwilling to give up the indepen-
dence of their fiefdoms, valuing the pride of their living
Aragon, Castile,
Sevilla —these were once kingdoms, childe. Damnation,
do you think it was easy achieving consensus? Only pride
saved us from humiliation then. It was pride, true, that

heritage over the demands of their bloo.

demanded that the kingdoms remain separate, but it was
greater pride in the blood of Lasombra that demanded
that we destroy these walking insults. It was agreed that
all measures necessary to remove these traitors, these
antitribu, would be taken, regardless of the cost to Castile
or Barcelona.

We began moving troops and arranging marriages
the next night.

@ Chapter Two: An Evening's Discu

ion with Monsignor Alfonse


for

he might by accidents of birth and Embrace

Lasombr

elder childer stood before him in all manner : 3
of things, this being only proper — he chafed under the
restrictions imposed by his older siblings.

Iv‘is foolish, I think, to suppose that a man who has H gree
betrayed his blood once will not do so again. When the i 5
whispered tales of the so-called "Anarch Revolt" made their
way to Sicily, they wandered first to Gratiano's receptive fa i

€

r. He spoke with these anarchs, made plans and contacts
with them. Through meetings and exchanges with a Fiend
called Lugoj, he learned the secret of shattering the Blood

r that the Vaulderie could bring. .

Bond, and of the pow.

Montano, ever dutiful, watched his youngest sibling
with alarm. He shared his concerns with his drowsy
dly, forhe
presudcontwesto come upon acombreheniade

father, but was ignored or dismissed. Shamefac

knew
preparations against the night when flight would be .
necessary. Gratiano he watched more closely than before,

but he dared not act and incur his father's displeasure.

A war
tence, Gratiano laughed. With the aid of an Assamite
al sacrifices from the anarch ranks and

of Montano's surveillance and his impo-

planted false memories within their minds. Memories, of
course, that spoke of meetings with Montano and plans
made to slaughter the great and mighty of the Lasombra ir
within their own halls C

The bickering began immediately, and did not end
until two moons had passed and the floors were slick with
blood and gritty with ash. Through it all, Montano
remained aloof. His strength would have ended the
bloodshed, but his honor did not permit him to use it
Gratiano knew his enemy well.

When the tide of blood had ebbed and few still
walked the halls, then did Gratiano and his allies strike.
Smuggled onto the island from the port of Ostia, they
stormed the halls and slew or subdued all they found
within. Montano, faced with the choice of betrayal or
death, chose instead to escape. None there, not even
crimson-faced Gratiano, his visage a mask of blood, had
the strength to gainsay him in this.

Lasombra had died before Montano fled. Only the
fact that his sire would not see him flee allowed the
antitribu to move. Yes, he is antitribu, more potent and
more dangerous than Tepes himself. What, did you

imagine him the hero of this piece? He lost, childe. Lost

utterly. We do not sing the praises of the defeated.

There is a legend among certain of our elders. The
legend goes thatat the last, Lasombra opened his eyes and
saw his fate. He smiled then, for this was what he had
Embraced Gratiano to do. Glad was he to give his essence
to the son strong enough to take it, and he went down
into the endless dark with that smile still on his withered
ipsa lavas ere teue berethe tion corniproetiealssontuee

has, at long last; come home.

@® Chapter Two: An Evening's Discussion with Monsignor Alfonse


Ferdinand and Isabella, now there was a triumph to
savor... you look confused. There is far more to their
reign than the voyage of Cristobal Colon, my student.
1492 was a year of great doings. The Jews, many of them
allied with the Ventrue, were expelled from Spain. Co-

lon, or Columbus as you call him, set sail on a mission for
Archbishop Mongada himself. And finally, the Moors
were driven from Spain. It was made a truly Christian
country, even as those whom the un-Christian elements
had harbored were expelled.

You see, many of our Moorish brethren of treacher-
ous nature had taken refuge among the communities that
had given them birth. Granada and the northern coast of
Africa held most of them, but wherever the Moors held
land in Spain, there were antitribu. We, with the full
assent of those Moorish Lasombra whose loyalty was
unquestionable, began at once to drive the Moors from

the face of Iberia. In 1492, we finally succeeded.

Itwas not easy, no. Ferocious and wealthy enough to
enlist the support of the Assassins, our antitribu fought as
well as one would expect. Their mortal pawns were of
such quality that many of the best were Embraced and
turned upon their former masters. It was a nearer thing
than it should have been, ye:

In the end, though, there was no doubt of the
outcome. We had learned the secrets of their steel, and
our will was iron. They broke and fled, and we turned our
attention back to the seven clans.

It was not until 1566 that this threat, thought
extinguished, reared its head again. The rumors ran like
smoke, like wildfire. "Montano has been seen," the
gossips whispered. "Montano has returned," the soldiers

swore. "Montano has come to Granada to raise the
antitribu," the spies reported.
The last, that we believed. And so, we acted. We do

not permit our mistakes to haunt us, childe

It was Philip II, in so many ways such apoor tool, who
served us well hi
Granad.

re. Summoning the Inquisition to
he flushed ourantitribu into the sun's light even

as he forced the hidden Mahommedans from Spain
There were two years of bloody revolt and conflict, and 40
more of piracy and retribution, butwhen it ended, Montano
red
of his supporters, and he was forced to flee to Tangiers.

had been beaten. Ina mere two years Granada was cled

Admittedly, that was just the end of the midgame. It
took us fourmore decades to eradicate the last of Montano's
Moriscos, but eradicate them we did. 1 remember those
nights, fighting ship-to-ship undera bloated moon. Imag-
ine it! Cutlasses shining in the pale moonlight, the muzzle
flash of the cannons, the scuppers pouring blood into the
ea— ity

‘as

uncaring s time like none I have seen since.
The screams of the defeated as the blazing hulk of their

ship consumed them — that was sweet music to our ears.


in their eyes as the black banner of the
that

The look of fea

Lasombra bo

lown on the skull and crossbones

was more precious than blood to us.

lo, we will neversee those nightsagain. Theantitribu
are mostly gone, save Montano and any he spawns. The
nights of sailing for blood undera crimson moon, they are
gone, too.
Now, the lessons. Simple ones, this time. Service to
the Lasombra comes before city, before home, before
pack. If you do not understand this, then you are a
detriment to the clan. Of course, you can best serve the
clan through your triumphs, so do not throttle your
ambition out of misguided loyalty.
Second, eradicate your mistakes, whatever the cost.
This way they, unlike Montano, cannot come back to
haunt you. And at the last, it is permissible to wax

nostalgic, but only about victories. Losses are only re-
membered to be learned from. Once the lessons have been
taken from it, the defeat itself should be forgotten forever.

SoME QUESTIONS

I see my accounts thus far have not completely

satisfied you. You have some questions you feel [ have not

sk away, student

answered

The Armada? do not speak of that here, except
to say that it was not nearly so great a defeat as the
historians of the phthisical English would make it seem.
We have learned all the lessons it could teach us, and we
speak of it no more

Scandinavia? Obviously the lie has taken on a life of
its own, and the Camarilla is a clutch of fools to be so
easily taken in. Yes, we let it be believed that we fled
north after the "Wars" ended, but consider the logic of

the matter. We are lovers of warmth, and always have

been. Even when we cannot gaze upon the face of the sun,

we are accustomed to feeling his caress in our gardens of

the night. Spain, Italy, Morocco — these are the lands

that have traditionally given us succor and birth. As
pleasing as the long nights of Oslo and Kavnhagn might
be, can you imagine Don Ibrahim of Marrakesh attempt-
ing to "blend in" in the land of blond-haired, blue-eyed
giants? Even if one does not follow the pitiable Masquer-

ade, a reasonable amount of caution is ne

No, we sent the antitribu of the seven clans north.
They fit in well there, our Gangrel and tame Ventrue
servants. From that comes the legend that the Sabbat
broke and fled to the frozen lands of the north. We of the
Lasombra, however, could: never stomach it Spain is
ours, and it always shall be ours.

Yes, there is much faith within the clan, and always
has been. Many Lasombra still take Communion regu-

larly, and it is considered a great honorto make confession
to Archbishop Mongada himself. I myself have been

i

Wi

\


given the pleasure twice. Of course, there are certain
changes that must be made in the ceremony — the wine
and wafer are necessarily replaced. It is not so much of a
sin, I think. Remember what they stand for.

Enough with the questions! You will drive me mad,
asking about this and that when there is so much that
must yet be told. Now hush, childe, and hear of how we
came to this continent.

THE TAKING
OF THE New Wor.p

Iwas the Archbishop's idea, of course. He controlled

so many royal confessors and abbots that it was easy to
convince kings and princes that exploration was the key
toriches. We, however, were not seeking wealth when we
had De Gama and Magellan outfitted. What did we wish?

Land, free of the troublesome Camarilla. A place
where the Sabbat could grow and then grow strong, where
we coulddemonstrate the superiority ofour ideas. A place
where our ideals would have room to develop out of the
crucible of combat. We were not fleeing the Camarilla
when we came west, childe. Never believe that.

It started with, appropriately enough, the Spanish.
One Italian navigator, backed by Spanish money, was all
that it took to establish our empire in the New World.
One by one, our elders moved across the sea. First to

Spanish and Portuguese possessions, then into the En-
glish and French. There were many of our kind still in the
Netherlands when New Amsterdam was founded, and
they came with the first patroons. Did you ever wonder
why the Swedes, of all races, founded a colony in what
they now call Delaware? It was at the suggestion of our
followers stranded in Scandinavia. And once the colony
was founded and our kind had been ferried over, we
withdrew our support and those lands were subsumed by
the English. The same happened with the Dutch, the
Portuguese and eventually even the French. It only
makes sense, dear student. One government is much
easier to direct than five. Redundancy is wasteful

There were local powers to be dealt with, of course.
The Incas, the children of the Toltecs — the conquista-
dores took them to task without any encouragement from
us. Sometimes a tool is so well crafted that it performs its
function automatically.

As for the British colonies that eventually domi-
nated the continent, well, we made them ours. Initially,
the plan was to divide the Americas between the English
in the east and the Spanish in the south and west, with
the French in the north and center to be phased out as
rapidly as possible. Things did not work out this way,
obviously, but there have been compensations.

Clanbook: Lasombra @®


When first the British came to America, we targeted
those of their cities that seemed most likely to become
citadels against the wilderness. Philadelphia was deemed
more important than New Amsterdam, and with good
reason. Baltimore, Charleston, Boston with its polluted
y targets. Rather than

spread thin our resources, we concentrated on those we

waters —all of these were second:

felt would be keys to the new lands. So we invested them
strongly and held them, and hold them to this day. No
city that the English or French established, however, was
free of us. Many Camarilla vampires who came in hopes
of establishing themselves as "princes" instead became
prisci, coming over to our cause when they saw our
strength in this land of blood and honey.

To the south, we took Tenochtitlan — Mexico City,
ain my apologies — and made it ours. There is no

greater concentration of Lasombra anywhere else in the
world, childe.

There is a legend that says that the grandfathers of
the Aztecs founded Tenochtitlan when they saw, on a
cactus, an eagle devouring asnake. They, wisely, took this
forasign. Now consider why this matters to us. We are the
eagle, free of the rule of our elders. Tzimisce is dead and
Lasombra has been devoured. Who is there now to clip
our wings? The Camarilla, on the other hand, crawls in
submission to the Antediluvians. As God condemned the
serpent to crawl forever in the dust after the Fall, so does
the Camarilla grope on its belly endlessly.

With such potent auguries, is it any wonder that we
have made Mexico City (yousee, lamcapable of learning
from mistakes) our stronghold. There we take counsel
with the other clans of the Sabbat. There dwell many of
our most potent warriors and cunning strategists. | am
told even Medina Sidonia lairs there now. We entered
the city with Cortéz and have never left it. The pelts of
the Garou who dwelt with and protected the Aztecs are
now rugs for the floors of our great leaders, and to possess
one is a token of high status indeed. Indeed, the entire
land of Mexico is ours, and even if our grand dream of
using all of North America as a place of growth for the
at least made

Sabbat has not come to fruition, we have
Mexico such a place.

Of course, we would have had the rest of the conti-
nent as well, were it not for the short-sighted Tzimisce.
But that is another story.

Lessons to be learned from this? Only one: There is
always another game to be played. If given the choice
between a game with high stakes that you may lose, and

a game with higher stakes that only you can win, the
choice should be simple.


Tue War

OF TZIMISCE AGGRESSION
There is alwaysa fly in the ointment, and in our case,

the flies spoke with Transylvanian accents. The Ventrue

had driven the Toreador and their French servants from

Canada (the Plains of Abraham — hah! They should

have been called the Plains of Lot, for all the corruption

in the city behind them) and incited the American
rench and their

Revolution. It was easy to convince the
masters to aid our struggle across the Atlantic, and
suddenly the tawdry tradesmen of the Ventrue were beset
on two fronts. Wisely, they chose the easier target: the
Toreador. We and our noble servants won freedom from
the Old Country, and the future looked to be golden.
A pity certain of our "allies" had not won their
freedom from the Old Country's antiquated ideals. The
rpathia, to bedivvied

Tzimisce saw America asanother!
up into miniscule demesnes for them to lord over. Every
fhonern broodine castley event ticuntean snVallechiaitn
miniature. They took our infant America and nearly
broke it to pieces. Read the original Articles of Confed-
eration, childe. They would have made your America a

feudal collective that would have splintered endlessly
into smaller and smaller states. No, far better that we
stepped in and demanded both unity and leadership.
Remember, the first capital of this country was in Phila-
delphia, oursecond-greateststronghold in this hemisphere.

So, we struck at the Tzimisce, and those of the
antitribu whom they'd duped into following them. The
overt phase was, as always, a mere ripple on the surt

ace
which hinted not at the depths hidden below. Shays'
Rebellion, I believe they called it. A mere footnote in
history texts, known only to devotees of the dusty past.
Under cover of night, however, things were very different.

The conflict was dark and bloody, and quickly spread
back across the ocean to those of our sect who remained

in Europe. Of course, by the time word of the fighting
reached Stockholm and Castile, things had gotten some-
als in the New World
becamea free-for-all in the Old. Senseless diablerie reached

what garbled. What was a war of id

epidemic proportions, and to sire achilde was to sign one's
own death warrant. Laughing, believing we'd destroy
ourselves, the Camarilla sat back and watched. Thus, they
missed their greatest chance to shatter the Sabbat.

Clanbook: Lasombra @


In the Americas, the sides in the conflict stayed
reasonably clear, and relentlessly the Tzimisce were worn
down. There wasa cost to this victory, though. The forces
turned on the Fiends were not available to prevent the
encroachment of the seven clans. All the while America
was growing, and we had not the resources to exploit her
because we were too busy making war upon those who
ought to have followed us to our very own manifest
destiny.

Instead, ourcasualties in the conflict with the Tzimisce
forced us to surrender territory. Florida in 1819, later
California, Texas and, by 1855, most of what became the
American West. The American West, nonsense. The
marilla West is a more truthful way of putting it, yes.

Eventually, the Fiends and their followers were con-
vinced of the long-term benefits of central organization,
but by the time they did so the Sabbat was nearly in ruins.
It could have been destroyed, childe. One blow from the
Camarilla could have swept us out of most of Europe;
another would have swept the sect off the map entirely
Yet they did notact, convinced that we would create our
own ruin. It was their mistake, and a twofold one

First of all, they did not break the Sabbat when they
had the chance. Mind you, even if they had, we of the
Lasombra would have survived and even prospered. How-

ever, they left us our greatest tool. I think, sometimes, that

they did so in order to have an enemy whom they might
conjure up to create crises and consensus at a moment's
notice. It matters not — they let the Sabbat live.

Their second mistake, of course, was not taking what
was ours. By not making the effort to take Baltimore and
Philadelphia, they gave us a dagger pointed at their
America's capital. By not driving us from Montreal and
the cities along the St. Lawrence, they allowed us to
control traffic into the Great Lakes. They let us keep such

Vital strategic points, and when the war finally ended, the

reunified Sabbat had citadels to defend and call its own
It took us less time than you might imagine to rebuild our
and to rein it in more t

strength, tly this time.

So what was the dreaded Sabbat Civil War? In the Old
World, it wasa rugby scrum cleverly disguised as political
struggle. There were no sides there, only appetites. In the
New World, a philosophical exchange that devolved into
auseless waste of resources. There was no glory to be found,

not in either side's edition of the conflict.
As for the dreaded Black Hand, the fiercest warriors
of our sect, do you know what they did through our Civil
War?
Nothing. They did nothing. They sat, and they
watched, and they waited for the winner to be dete

mined. Then they quietly went back to business as usual,
for the Black Hand is missing a certain something in the

@ Chapter Two:

An Evening's Discu

on with Mon:

ignor Alfonse


initiative department. Give thema target or an objective
and one could wish for no finer allies. Ask them to make
a policy decision, however, and the stars will fall before
you see them budge. Fanaticism has its limitations, yes.

Yes, that might be considered a lesson of this tale.
Another would be that internal dissent is far deadlier
than an external foe. Yet another is that the Sabbat g

Des
whither the Lasombra will it. The rest I leave as an
exercise for the student.

HE MoperNn NiGuTs

So, my student, where does that leave us? It leaves us
in the present, more or less. What is a century and a half
to our kind? Very little, | assure you, very little, and the
question was intended to be rhetorical.

Today we are stronger than we have been in centu-
ries. We control our Spain as we always have, and my
home of Milan is ours as well. Here in the Americas, we
control all of Mexico, and drain the Ventrue's dollars into
it with carefully manufactured economic "catastrophes."
The Mid-Atlantic region of America is c:
our thumb, and we still control the gate from the Great

refully under

Lakes to the sea. New England, with its resources of

money and the mind, will be ours soon — Boston perhaps

in months. We hold Detroit as well, and through the
automotive manufacturers there gently squeeze the life
from the Brujah's beloved trade unions. We have seen
setbacks in drug-infested Miami, but considering that we
shall soon retake Cuba from that bearded buffoon Castro,
Iwill g
Lasombra. Then again, it is always a good time to be a

adly make the trade. Yes, it is a good time to be a

Lasombra, and a very bad time to be one of our enemies.

Clanbook: Lasombra @


FINAL QUESTIONS

Are there any final questions before | send you
packing into the dawn? Just one? Go ahead; ask.

The beginning, eh? You want to know the very
beginnings of our clan. Well, childe, it is with the utmost
respect for your curiosity that | turn to you and say, "Who
cares?" Lasombra himself is ash ona Mediterranean wind.
Anything | tell you would be a lie, or at best a legend. We
both know that legends are just lies cloaked in antiquity,
anyway. So worry not about the origins of our kind, or of

our blood. Talk to members of the other clans. Hear their
self-aggrandizing fables. Compare your notes from tale to
tale, read the Book of Nod, and I can guarantee that you
will come to the same conclusion I reached long ago: it
doesn't much matter. Knowing the Antediluvians exist is
enough without worrying about petty squabbles buried
for millennia. One rarely learns anything of strategic
value from legends, anyway

Simply be proud that Lasombra's blood flows in your
veins, and let that be enough. Good night, childe. | will
speak well of you to yoursire, should our paths cross again.

@ Chapter Two: An Evening's Discussion with Monsignor Alfonse



OF DON.

Good evening, class. Seat yourselves. We have much
tocover tonight, and fewer hours of dark left than I'd like.
Are you all comfortable? Good.

Tonight begins your education in what it truly means
to be amember of Clan Lasombra. Through your actions
on the field of battle, you have proved yourselves worthy
of being trained for advancement within the clan. You
will not be taught all of our secrets tonight — only the
first hints of the first few. With time will come more
knowledge, and patience issomething we cultivate in our
childe

Still, you will be taught many things, and you will be
pected to retain them all. I suggest you pay careful

attention to my words; taking notes would not be amiss.
Should anelder ofour clan ask you to repeat any of what
you hear tonight and not receive perfection as a response
— well, it would reflect poorly upon me as a teacher. I do
not enjoy being made to look unprofessional.

I going to take notes after all? Splendid.

You're
Allow me to begin.

THR

oy tad

EVENING oe
AT <THE FEET' * »

MIGUEL:

To Br LasomMBRA

Just as vampires are nobility among mortals, we are
nobility among our brethren. None can compare to us.
Each of the other clans can be seen to reflect but one
aspect of our glory.

We have brought down Lasombra himself. We have
fought the hordes of the ill-named Camarilla for centu-
ries, and ever we wrest their cities from them. We have
dueled with the Ventrue for time out of mind, and ever
have we been victorious.

You will learn, by the by, that being confused with
the Ventrue is a deadly insult. | expect none of you to sit
still for it.

But I digress. We are the epitome of our kind. That
is why we lead the Sabbat unquestioningly, while those
simpering Ventrue struggle merely to hold their precious
Camarilla together. Rest assured, had we the numerical
advantage over them that they hold over us, the sun

would rise on a world free of the Camarilla.

@ Chapter Three: An Evening at the Feet of Don Miguel


Ah, the Camarilla. Misguided, mistaken, and fre-
quently even mispronounced — what further proof is
needed of their buffoonery than that provided by their
own tongues when they butcher our beautiful espaiol?
And such as they would speak for all of us. Pathetic, is it
not?

Jow, the difference between the Camarilla and our
Sabbat is very simple. Their organization exists to oppress
our kind, ours to exalt it. Examine carefully their tenets.
This Masquerade— whatis it but forcing exalted vampiric
nature to submit to the delicate sensibilities of human-
kind? The vaunted consensus of their Conclaves — this
is nothing more than the will of the leaders being shack-
led by the voices of the less-talented masses. And there
isalwaysthe dark secret behind the Archonsand Justicars
and Traditions — the whole show is but a sham, a way for
the Antediluvians to enforce their antiquated wills upon
a world that no longer needs them! Submit and submit
again, and let us tell you when it is time for you to die at
our masters' pleasure — this is what the Camarilla preaches.
Never mind this sad fumbling after lost humanity, never
mind the pathetic mumblings of Traditions and hunters
— the Camarilla asks you to bind yourselves in shackles
of blood and steel, and to seek the torch or the stake at the
pleasure of another.

Our Sabbat, and I do say "our" with deliberation, is

d

to fulfilling our potential as superior intellects in superior

licated to the notion of exaltation. We are dedicated

bodies, to achieving all that our minds and frames allow.
To be free of the shackles imposed by preconception and
the rules of any save the cold universe itself — that is

The

youngest of our sect misunderstand this striving for

what the Sabbat strives toward under our tutelage.

ultimate freedom as permission to rant and rave in the
streets, playing their asinine little games. We allow this
to flourish, for even these ragtag rebels play their part in
tearing down the artificial strictures of a society spawned
by Antediluvian fever dreams. Those of us who are
enlightened, though, as to our true aims, know that the
Sabbat is dedicated to something infinitely nobler than
the right to pluck pedestrians from the streets at will
Yes, what is the question? Why do they hold such a

numerical advantage over us, you ask, if we are supposed

to be such sublime specimens? My dear Miss Sforza,

ponder this: quality versus quantity. They have the latter.

Clanbook: Lasombra @


It has for some time been my duty and pleasure to
observe those of our blood in hopes of finding some
revelations of self-discovery, for both the clan
whole and myself personally. What I have uncovered
is of supreme interest to the psychologist as well as the
strategist. Even along the closely tended stalk of our
bloodline, some surprising variations and fixations
have bloomed — or withered. A few might be worth
cultivating; others should be culled.

sa

[IRRORS

Itis something of a truism among our servants that
if one wishes to discover where the master is, look in
the mirror. Some theorists posit that our inability to
cast reflections is a byproduct of our association with
shadows, a.k.a. our talent for Obtenebration. I find this
explanation unsatisfactory, having taught several To-
reador antitribu basics of Obtenebration while still
remaining able to observe their reflections. Ergo, it is

something unique to us.

Ceortaini@iovann ile) whom ldenoke during the
course of my research indicated that our peculiar
handicap may in fact be something spiritual. They
made a correlation between the abyss into which we
can reach with the greater powers of Obtenebration
and what certain of their ghostly servants refer to as the
Void. Apparently this "Void" is a sort of spiritual
nothingness wherein dwell the dark reflections of the
Restless Dead. Perhaps as the price for our dealings

with it, we have given our reflections unto it. In truth,
Ido not know.

What I do know are the precise limits of our clan's
distinguishing feature. We do not produce images in
any sort of reflective surface. This includes mirrors,
pools of water, polished metal, glass, puddles of mer-
cury or anything else. Anything we wear or carry
likewise does not appear in reflection, as amusing as the
notion of a free-floating briefcase might be.

We do in fact partially appear on mechanical
media for recording imag
upon capturing refleetions)::V ide cameras, colorpho-
tography, security monitors, motion sensors and any
other forms of mechanical surveillance pick us up,
albeit as shadowy flickers. Black-and-white photogra-
phy, however, is the exception to this rule. Perhaps
because this particular form is based upon the absorp-
tion of light by a silver-based compound (a form of
reflection, perhaps?), our images do not appear in any
black-and-white photographs. Again, | am not sure. It
is my duty to report my observations, not to hypoth-
esize explanations.

(as opposed to those based

Dr. Fatima Satzep's Notes oN PsycHoLoG Y AND OTHER MATTERS

In any case, our peculiar relationship with mirrors
has led to certain interesting behaviors and abilities. |
note a growing tendency toward Image Obsession (1-5
point Flaw) among the Lasombra. As we cannot see our
appearance, a large number of our kin find themselves
hypnotized by the vagaries of their own appearance. The
compulsive behavior may be small at first (1 point),
manifesting itselfasa repeated questioning of others as to
one's looks ("Does my hair look all right? Really?"), to
obsessive behaviors such as brushing hair, adjusting
clothes and the like. The symptoms occasionally run the
gamut to full-fledged mania (5 points), wherein the
afflicted Lasombra are constantly attended by ghouls
intent on grooming them and can speak of little save

their appearance. Fortunately, such cases are rare and are
usually fatal in a matter of weeks.

A great many Lasombra, incidentally, find that
they can harness this obsession by wearing masks. This
allows for some manner of control over the appearance
the mask wearer presents to the world, 4
granting each Lasombra the opportunity to create asort
of iconic visage to display. Indeed, there seems to be a

is well as

developing fetishistic competition among our younger
clan members as to the complexity and ferocity of their
masks. Older La

other hand, prefer plainer or even featureless vizards.

ombra who tend toward masks, on the

Some few of our kind have somehow mastered the
artof actually producing a Faint Reflection'(2 point
Merit). Those with this talent, which I feel is well
worth cultivating, can actually appear in mirrors, albeit
in extremely pale, ghostly guises. Objects moving be-
hind a Lasombra casting a faint reflection will be
clearly seen through her form. However, often even a
faint reflection is enough to allay the suspicions of kine

or Camarilla.

SHADOWS

Our very name, Lasombra, is synonymous with
shadows. We rule from them, we dwell in them, and we
use them as our most fearsome servants. Why? It seems
sociation our

almost ironic, considering the long 2
blood has had with Iberia, Italy and northern Africa,
places known for their sunny climes.

Apart from inclination and talent on the part of
our late, illustrious forefather, I espouse the idea that a
psychological root governs our fascination with and
control over shadows. It is precisely because we were
creatures of the sun once, far more than the pale
Ventrue or Gangrel, that we have turned so completely
to the night. Denied the light, we embrace the dark
with a passion and a vengeance. It is a textbook
transformation reaction, and one to which we have

@ Chapter Three: An Evening at the Feet of Don Miguel


been subject for centuries. I would even go so far as to
venture that when we Embrace new childer,among the
qualities we look for is the sort of obsessive-compulsive
nature that, denied a thing that is loved, will rebel
against that thing viciously.

Remarkable advances have been made in the uses
of Obtenebration. It is only natural to expect such

variations to develop over time, though some unfortu-

nate side effects have manifested as well. For example,
afew unlucky Lasombra are afflicted with an Enmity of
Shadows (4 point Flaw), wherein the shadows that the
unfortunate Lasombra summons may well turn and
attack him without provocation (a Lasombra with this
Flaw must make a Willpower roll [difficulty 6] each
time he uses an Obtenebration power of Level 3 or

above. A success indicates that the power functions
normally; witha

their putative master).

ilure the summoned shadows attack

Then again, an increasing number of us are blessed
with Strength of Shadows (4 point Merit), which per-
mits us to strengthen the shadows we call so that even
daylight will notimmediately dispel them. Even Strength-
ened shadows dissipate after four hours in the sun
(according to one of my most trusted research assis-
tants), but it certainly does provide a ne
enemies when, even after sunrise, shadows hound them.

ty surprise to

The most interesting new use of Obtenebration
I've found is almost Tzimisce-esque in its brutality.
Called, somewhat melodramatically, Shadow Parasite
(Obtenebration Level Six) by its creator, this vile
artlingly effective. Based upon Arms of the

tack is st

Tue Wortb AND At Ir Hons

We shall inherit the earth, have no doubt of that.
When the last twitching Garou has been made into a rug

torest in front ofa crackling fireplace; when the last mage
has been burned alive, the pages of his grimoires serving
as kindling; when the last restless ghost has been laid in
its grave — then will the earth belong to our kind. I have
no doubt that night will come soon, but in the meanwhile
these others must be dealt with. There are many dangers
walking the world and it is best that you be aware of them

all.

Tue Furare
Look at yourself. Consider what you are. Then look

on others, and realize that you have achieved a control,
a perfection of psyche to which they can only aspire. You
are the pinnacle toward which they blindly strive, the
goal which they can but dimly see. It

s our duty to assist

Abyss, Shadow Parasite (required cost: three Blood
Points) allows one of the Arms to insert itself into the
target and then expand (Dexterity + Brawl, difficulty
7 to insert itself, Stamina + Brawl to expand each
round. Damage is Strength + successes and can only be
soaked with Fortitude), literally ripping the target
open from the inside. Of course, one must concentrate
on expanding the tendril of darkness during this time,

indicating that it is perhaps more effective as an
weapon than a warrior

assassin's

Not nearly so terrifying, but perhaps as effective,
is Darksight (Obtenebration Level Seven), a useful
power for eavesdropping and scouting. Perhaps a re-
finement of Eyes of the Night, Darksight allows its
possessor to "choose" a specific shadow as a listening
post. The vampire may then see and hear (if she
wishes) what would be seen and heard if she were
standing within that shadow. Both blood and Will-
power (one point each) must be invested in each
shadow used thusly, but the affinity between vampire
and shadow remains until the
sunlight. Nor is there any di
abilit
midsentence to monitor a conversation in Canberra
HiaDadhetis

This is hardly acomprehensive catalogue of the new

radtsr is dispelled by
nce limitation on this
Ihave seen Lasombra in Philadelphia pause in

neuroses and abilities developing among our kind. A
fuller report will be made at a later date, when adequate

funding makes more in-depth researches possible.

Dr. Fatima Saieed
Harvard University Extension School

those who have the potential to achieve that goal whilst
culling those who clearly never will; this is why we have
Don't be fooled by the
atavisms' illusion of competence through physical prow-

earned the sobriquet Keepers

ess. They will never achieve the mental clarity necessary
toplan the strategies that will ensure our survival even in
the face of enemies terrible and ancient. Only with
clarity of mind and purpose will we be able to take our
kind to the stars and beyond.

You heard me correctly. Let the meek inherit the
earth; we shall keep it as a giant ranch or breeding
preserve. To usbelongthe heavens: Once we have united
our kind and aided them in achieving their fullest poten-
tial as the rightful lords of humanity, once we have
cleared the earth of others who would challenge our

supremacy, once we have established the vast cowering

numbers of kine as herd in deed as well as name, then
shall we climb to the eternal shadows between the stars
and, laughing, exist there forever.

Clanbook: Lasombra @


THE JYHAD

Some of you look surprised. What, did you not have
the vision to look past the Jyhad, seeing only eternal
struggle until the last two vampires in the world sink
down with their fangs in each other's throat? The
werewolves would applaud, I'm sure:

No, you fools, we are engaged in a war, nota suicide
march. One enters a war with one purpose: to win. There
will be no Gehenna for us, no final nights of blood and
terror. Halfa millennium ago, we were potent enough to
destroy Lasombra himself. If we were capable of that,
what are we capable of destroying now?

The Inconnu? The Antediluvians? Caine himself?
Why not, I ask you?

Again, [have digressed. Youseem to havea talent for
making me do that, class. In any case, we look past the
Jyhad. It shall be fought, yes, and it shall be won, and
when itis won every last vampire will be united under our
banner. The Necromancers will come from their grave-
yards, and the Ravnos will obey, and the once-proud
Ventrue will be glad to shine our boots as we assign each
their proper role. Then will the real struggles begin.

Yes, Enrique. Youare correct. The Lupines. We shall
have to war on them some night, and the human wizards
as well. The struggle among our own kind is merely the
beginning, a preliminary to the real wars. The Jyhad is
merely a necessary step in our assumption of dominion
over all of our kind, not just the Sabbat. Then we shall
lead all of Caine's children into a glorious new age, when
our kine are kine in fact, when we have no enemies and
no reason to war among ourselves. This will be true
freedom, the freedom to be without worrying if the dawn
and its servants will find you. Can you not see it?

Don't look too far ahead, Idina. There are still
dangers in the world, and the ones you should most fear
are of our own kind. I know you have faced some on the
streets or in the skyscrapers, but those were their childer,
just as you were ours. You will be joining the adults soon,

and much of what you have learned will prove deadly if

you do not temper it with new knowledge. Listen care-
fully, childer. Much depends on it

T

Boogeymen and relics, forever brooding on the lost
glories of the Old Country. If you can get them out of
their workshops, they can be civilized, but they have
regrettably medieval social tendencies. Their transpar-
ent attempts at playing eminence grise should be watched
for, noted and contained. Their arrogance and ambitions
are the keys to making certain that they're as productive


Oh, a final warning: they carry grudges. If you annoy
one, kill it quickly. It will save you decades of aggrava-
tion.

ASSAMITE

Ah, whata blade we point at our own breasts! Were

there any sense in the world, we would be glad to give
them our vitae asa gift while they went out to make war
on our foes. Can you picture the sheer spectacle of the
sons of Hassam silently clearing the forests of cowering
Lupine atavisms? The blood sings at the thought. Unfor-
tunately, the world is not a sensible place. Until that

night, use their talents with discretion and show them

respect. Oh yes, and never, ever seek to cheat them of
their payment. We've invested too much training in you
already.

BrujAH

So-called egalitarians, they have no real interest in

bettering the lot of others. Rather, they want us brought
down to their level so that they can lord it over the

‘est
of us in the democratic mire. Fortunately, their chances
of success are nil. In the meantime, those who serve us
make superb cannon fodder, and those who do not die
easily

GANGREI

Every time I look at a Gangrel, | am half-convinced
Lam going to watch him climb a tre

and begin to gibber
for blood-coated bananas. They are evolution in reverse,
Rousseau's noble savage in the flesh. Consider them a
failed experiment and allow them to die off with dignity.

Giovat

Were there more of them, they'd be

or. Asis,

they're an annoyance with potential. They have bre
ing, refinement, resources and direction, much as we do,
and are working to an end much as we are. Their fascina-
tion with what was instead of what is will be their fatal
weakness, though. Relying on the dead as allies ignores
the logical fallacy inherent in that strategy: were those

allies more competent, they would not be ¢

MALKAVIAN

Youhaveseen, I'mcertain, certain households among
the wealthy where the smallest child of the family is the
absolute master of the house, and the rest of the family are
slaves to the brat's whims? In such households, you see
men who regularly shake the pillars of the financial world
forced to their hands and knees, babbling baby-talk and
being ridden like beasts of burden. In such households,
you find strong and beautiful women reduced to abject

slavery and degradation by juvenile tyrants whose ice

cream is too runny or whose porridge is too hot for their
delicate palates.

Clanbook: Lasombra @


Think carefully on that image the next time you
consider listening to the word of a Malkavian.

In some ways, they are more like us than any other
clan. Like ours, theirs is an aristocracy of merit. Like us,
they look to survival past today's petty squabbles and
proto-Jyhads. Unlike ours, their vision is limited from too
much time in the tunnels, and their petty gossip-brokering
continually undermines our work. If they would be so
sensible as to unite under our leadership... but no, it will
never happen.

PANDERS

"To pander" is a polite way of saying " Our
precious gift was prostituted when it was bestowed upon

"to pim|

this ragtag lot, and I find their name fitting.

It is somehow conceivable that any vampires who
emerge from the seething sludge of Panderhood will have
demonstrated talents and survival characteristics that
elevate them into civilized society. Still, the strongest
and fastest mongrel remains, irreducibly, a mutt.

RAVNOs

Consider them God's little test of our patience.
Those who can bear their company often profit; those
who cannot suffer their depredations. If you don't let
them see how much they annoy you, they will grow bored
and seek a new target — perhaps one that you suggest

SERPENTS OF THE LIGHT
There's something refreshing about pure, unadulter-
ated evil. Their philosophy is a plainly demarcated dead
end, while their single-mindedness borders on psycho-
logical disorder. They may call themselves Serpents, but
they move predictably, and in straight lines. Merely
direct them and make sure that you're not in their way,

and all will be well

ToREADOR

The victims ofa fine distinction, the Toreador fail to
realize that art isan expression ofa cultured mind, not the
culture itself. Whether they work in metal, music or
flesh, all have this limitation in perception. However, we
are sufficiently cultured to support their delusion; by
allowing them to live out this psychosis, we reaffirm our
nature as civilized beings.

TREMERE

Foul sorcery, bubbling cauldronsand dark and stormy

nights: these are the toys of the Tremere. | strongly
suspect that in private, they all wear those ridiculous

dunce caps with moons and stars on them. They are

mwa eee

@® Chapter Three: An Evening at the Feet of Don Miguel


treacherous little vipers, far more dangerous than any
save the Tzimisce. Never let one escape from under your
thumb, else you will never pin him down again

VENTRU
They lead out of a sort of repressed desire for martyr-
dom ("Oh, we shall take up this burden and assume
leadership of the Camarilla else all will fall to ruin. Oh,
woe..."). We lead because we are superior to those we lea

and now you see why I consider itan insult to be compared
to them. Most Ventrue seem to be looking for someone to
drive in the last nail in their self-crucifixion. Should the
opportunity present itself, by all means assist them.

Biack Har
Ihave heard many whisper fearfully about the Black

Hand. Remember, the Hand is directed by the Mind and
the Will. So long as we use our minds and have sufficient

D

will, we can bend the Hand to our purposes.

If that sounds too pompous and philosophical for
you, Enrique, consider this: even in the depths of the
Sabbat's Civil War, the Hand did not move. Some call

this restraint. I see it as fear

At its most basic level, the Camarilla is a social
experiment, like communism ora slave-based economy,
that will eventually prove itself unworkable. It is our duty
to hasten the night when the experiment is declared a
failure, so that as much of the raw materials that went

into it as possible can he salvaged for our own purposes.
Ofcourse, keeping those materials out of the hands of the
Antediluvians is of prime importance as well. We must
break the Camarilla and then build the edifice Sabbat

even higher with its pieces.

I

Their very existence is a threat to our survival as a
species. They are the heralds of cannibals; on this we
2e with even the Tzimisce. They have power, yes, but

they do not understand how to wield it in the modern
world. Treat them the way you would treat some prehis-
toric beast loose on the streets of your home city. It most
certainly has the ability to devour you, but only if it
catches you. After all, you know the terrain much better
than it does, and you can think faster. Furthermore,
dispatching the creature might almost be looked upon as
something of a civic duty.

Clanbook: Lasombra @


ANI

Some few of these exist. So do some few two-headed

calves and coelacanths. The parallel is precise.
Fortunately, the dupes of the Antediluvians are so

eager to hunt down any with the lineage Lasombra that

they take great delight in exterminating these friendless,

hopeless oddities. It is almost amusing, wouldn't you
agree, that they are doing our work for us? And therein
lies another lesson for you, class

OTHERS

LapINEs

Dangerous but shortsighted, they are prone to at-
tacking shadows. With that in mind, practice your
Obtenebration. This will give them plenty of targets at
which to fling themselves, until they lie panting with
their tongues hanging out.

At this point, it is a matter of individual discretion
whether to administer the coup de grace, or to offera bone
and a good scritch behind the ears.

Maces
Aside from the thrice-bedamned Tremere, I'd not

worry about wizards. They spend their time squabbling

among themselves so long

s No external threat presents

itself. Be very careful to avoid providing that external
threat, and the mage population will regulate itself quite

nicely

W

Try to avoid creating too many of these, as they can

prove a remarkable hindrance. Other vampires who
become ghosts are the worst of the lot, and they have
more power in the physical world than you'd think. Show
reasonable caution in killing, and you should avoid
havingany spiritsattach themselves to you: Any Lasombra
who is so unfortunate as to become personally haunted
tends to find himself on the fringes of our society. Ghosts
have no place among us, and a clan member reeking of
the dead has one foot in the grave himself

CHANG
The fae still walk the world, though now they tend to
dress like the rest of us. I'm told the days of blousy poet shirts

=LINGS

zone, more's the pity. If you

and outrageous bz

pants are
must deal with a faerie, be very careful. Most are fragile, but
given an instant they can summon their magics and create
the most disturbing effects. Still, there are sweet dreams to
be had in their blood. I'd save them for a special occasion:

Enough of the other denizens of this world of dark-
ness we dwell in. It is time to return toa more fitting topic
of discourse: the Lasombra.

m., " \. 3
& sagt! v =
NAAN


" VY

Sy
a)

THE RAREST
OF VINTAGES

One might expect that a clan as dedicated to the
proposition of survival of the fittest as we would have
certain problems with what they delicately call "the
Amaranth." Other clans, even without our predilection
for culling the weak, are rent with dissent by this little

cd

Camarilla: sire suspects childe of tendencies better suited

matter. Consider this example from the oh-so-civil

row road outside Thebes, so he begins
The childe, no
doubt concerned thathersire hasacquired rarefied tastes,

to Edipus ona ng

distancing himself from his progeny.

comes to the conclusion that he is about to devour her
and decides to do unto him first. Both mobilize their
ghouls, their allies and their pawns to do war upon each
other, and an unnecessary bloodbath ensues. When the
dust settles, valuable resources on both sides have been

squandered, and the survivor now sees the beady eyes of

vitae-hungry anarchs and elders in every shadow. Natu-

rally, she immediately begins rebuilding her resources in

anticipation of the next confrontation. In a matter of

years, months, or even weeks, the whole wasteful process
begins all over again

Witness the Brujah; were they not so busy battening
on each other we'd no doubt be up to our ears in Rabble

No, contrary to what you might think, we have no
problems with diablerie and its attendantsymptoms. The
matter is quite thoroughly controlled, and with that
control ends the chaos that marks the Camarilla and the
lesser clans of our Sabbat.

By now I'm sure you've heard of Les Amies Noir.
Don't even try to tell me what you think it is; it's quite
beyond your comprehension. However, one of its lesser
functions is the Court of Blood, the body to which all

Lasombra seeking to perform culinary exsanguination on

another must appeal. Trust me, receivir

permission to
at deal of the

perform the unthinkable removes a gre
pleasure from the process.

Still, there are those Lasombra resolute on drinking
the blood of others within the clan. Si

uch a matter is not
taken lightly. One cannot request the Final Death of
another of our kind over personal matters — dislikes and
insults and so on. No, it must be a situation where the
intended prey has conclusively demonstrated that he or
she is unfit to bear the proud name Lasombra. The
Lasombra who proposes herself as hunter must gather
evidence, and that evidence must be conclusive to bring
betoresthes Coit whens penuGningtone mean et
execution. The Court, consisting of anywhere from three
to 13 members in good standing of Les Amies Noir,
deliberates upon the evidence and then grants its ruling

Clanbook: Lasombra @


as to whether or not the petitioner may begin her hunt.
The intended prey is never made aware of the proceed-
ings while they are occurring; no defense can be mounted.
Indeed, all of the Court's operations take place under the
strictest veil of secrecy. It's the only way to be fair. Yes,
little one; you could be under consideration by the Court
as we speak. As faras I'm concerned, the uncertainty adds
a certain zest to life.

The rulings vary, based solely on the merits of the
case. It's strictly apolitical, I assure you. Sometimes the
prospective hunter is granted immediate permission to
begin stalking her prey; other times the Court dictates
that a warning must be issued, a sort of formal declaration
of enmity. In many cases permission is refused, and the
petitioner is shown how her perception of another's
activities as "incompetence" is merely an inaccurate
interpretation of the facts. You'd be surprised at how
many young Lasombra take a quick look at one phase of
a decades-long plan, decide that matters aren't proceed-
ing fast enough for them, and petition the Court for the
right to remove their superior so they can take over and,
ahem, "do things right." Fortunately, this sophomoric
phase tends to pass quickly, at least in those who survive.

Inall honesty, permissive rulings from the Court are
less common than restrictive ones, and we take this asa

token of pride. It means that there are few incompetents
among us to be weeded out. Still, a petition to the Court
of Blood is a serious matter, and a youngster who brings
a spurious petition to the Court's attention is often
punished by having her intended target notified of her
ambition. Poetic justice, is it not? Mind you, most of

those notified do not immediately turn around and hunt

ne the terror these ¢

down their accusers. Imag' rogant
youngsters must feel when informed by their betters that
they are not even considered enough of a threat to be
worth the effort of reprisal. It keeps wastes of the Court's
time at a minimum.

As for those Lasombra who have not yet been thor-
oughly enough initiated into the mysteries to be aware of
the Court's existence — well, any Keeper who has been
initiated should be more than capable of defending
himself against such a stripling. If he's not, then some
thin blood gets itself excised from the Lasombra heritage.
Evolution in action, as it were.

Conversely, dealing with those outside our clan does
present a certain dilemma. Yes, the Camarilla must be
broken to our will, and that often involves destroying its
more potent members. The nonaligned clans must be
brought into line, and again a certain number of their
most powerful representatives will be necessary casual-
ar Sabbat, well, the

As for our own d

ties of the struggle.
and others must be kept in line and that means
the odd example being made. Still, we try to remove the

Tzimisce

bare minimum of these obstacles on the way to achieving

@ Chapter Three: An Evening at the Feet of Don Miguel


Hoow ¥

a

our aims. After all, they represent the prime flowering of
other vampiric talents, ones that must be cultivated for

the coming conflicts with those not of the Blood. It's not

as if we can squander them. However, if it comes down to
them or us, there is no real choice to be made.

What was the question? Must we receive permission

from the Court to feast upon those outside the clan?
Don't be naive.

THe MAKING
OF A LASOMBRA

We are very particular when it comes to choosing

new members of ourclan. Youcan take some pride in this;
you were the end products of a most rigorous selection

process. Some of our younger members have generated
what they call a "profile" for our newest generation of
childer. According to these budding social scientists, we

tend to Embrace people with, and I quote, "proven

leadership qualities, a history of financial success, and a
capacity for ruthlessness." Those of us who make our
choices without consulting the sociologists prefer to say
we look for grace, wit and determination. We take pride
in preferring a sharp mind to dull strength, and ruthless
persistence to a pretty face. After all, any ogre can
command. It takes skill to lead.

It is an unfortunate fact that some of the older

from the old Iberian stock are regrettably
and in fact would prefer that only those kine with

the proper — how shall I put this? — breeding were given
the privilege of the Embrace. Most of us under 400 years
of age, however, have moved past such antiquated no-
tions of "racial purity" and whatnot. A woman of Kenyan
descent and a man of Laotian blood who have demon-
strated undeniable superiority to their fellowsare infinitely
preferable to a man of purest Castilan stock with the
manners and drive of a sheep. Let the latter feed the
former; we need less hidebound arrogance and more
hungry blood if we are to bring the Jyhad to a successful,
swift close.

As you may have noticed, we have no compunctions
about winnowing out the weak among you. How many of
you lost packmates, not to the enemy, but to those of the
Sabbat? All of you raise your hands. Do you realize what
a compliment it is to your natures that we bothered to
separate you from the chaff? You are wheat, each and
every one of you. Were you not, you would not be sitting
here tonight

We take only the best, and we keep only the best of
the best. Only those of you who have proved yourselves
trustworthy have survived to learn our secrets. Now,
little ones, do you recognize the magnitude of what lies
before you = and the depths of the abyss over which you

have just crossed?

Clanbook: Lasombra @


Tue MENTorRING PERIOD

As you no doubt remember, upon your initial invest-

ment with our blood you were treated the same as the
other new recruits. You were not coddled, and were
forced to learn the ways of the Sabbat along with the rest
We did, however, attempt to make certain that your
packs were led by your sires. It was your sires, each of
whom was given the chance to observe you in battle and
negotiation, who brought you here. You have proved
yourselves to your packs and your makers, and have
earned the right to these lessons. No doubt your sires
began them. That is expected, so that you do not disap-
point by being totally unprepared when brought here

Our mentoring process differs from that of the inef-
fectual Ventrue in several key ways. Beyond starting later
in the childe's unlife, it is much less like a formal appren
ticeship. It is considered the sire's responsibility to earn
the respect of herchilde, and the childe isallowed to learn
from his mistakes, however dangerous the process might
be. Those who do not learn, or who make mistakes too
grievous to be recovered from, were obviously unworthy

As each of you grew in power and knowledge, your
sire began to exert more control over your training. Think
on this. Remember how she took more and more interest
in you, perhaps ignoring those of your pack whom you
believed more deserving than yourself? Idiots. False mod-
esty is something that will not be tolerated here

But those of you who knew your worth were given as
much of our knowledge as you could hold until tonight
Tonight, you are brought before Les Amies Noir. Tonight,
youare ready to become Lasombra in truth. Tonight, you
are no longer our childer; tonight you are Lasombra

Les Amtes Noir

And now, the moment you no doubt have heen
waiting for, those of you with wit enough to anticipate it
Yes, my students, this is your introduction to Les Amies
Noir. Be honored that you have been selected to join our
ranks. You have brethren centuries old who have never
been permitted to hear the words I will speak tonight

But what ranks are those, you ask. Very well, I shall
tell you. Les Amies Noir is an order of those Lasombra
deemed trustworthy enough to hear and implement the
details of our great stratagem. Its members are sworn to
protect the best interests of the clan and to defend the
sect against those who would destroy us all. All true
Lasombra are members; any of our clan who are not of Les
Amies are nothing more than children or cases of arrested
development. Bear in mind, though, that there are many
more of our clan who are not members than who are
Even among the Lasombra, some are fit to lead and some
are fit to follow


would have been undignified.

BetNe An Account OF THE CHE:

It must first be noted that there were several
irregularities about this match. The stakes were very
high, with Don Ibrahim's s
the Lasombra depending upon its outcome, and Dona
Isadora having wagered not only financial cor
ations, butalso certain territorial matters. In addition,
there was difficulty in obtaining the proper pieces for

atus as a Grandmaster of

sider-

the game. Dofia Isadora was willing to play with a
substitute set for the sake of expediency, but Don
Tbrahim was most firm in insisting upon the standard
sight kine (pawns), two Brujah (rooks), two Gangrel
(knights), two Nosferatu (bishops), one Toreador
(queen) and one Ventrue (king) per side. In the end,
the Don's insistence on maintaining the traditional set

set:

resulted in two Gangrel antitribu and one Ventrue
antitribu being pressed into service. As a punishment
forhis obstinacy, the judges forced Don Ibrahim to take
these substitute pieces on his side. The Don took this
with very poor grace.

The game initially proceeded along surprisingly
feacition ali pest Don Ieee hiraeplanine. white, began
with the Brixton opening, while Dofia Isadora, playing
black, countered with a Sicilian defens
using a Karpov variation on the Brixton, Don Ibrahim
blundered on move 9 (N-KB6 ch?, followed by B-
QB3!) and cost himself one of his knights. It has been
speculated that, as the knights were in fact the antitribu

. However,

substitutes, the Don was in fact attempting to rid
himself of the offending piece. However, less chari-
table observers commented that the Dojia's habit of
referring to the knights as "hors
Don that his game suffered.

ies" so infuriated the

I have it on very good authority that the Dojia is
well aware of the proper terminology
diminutive explicitly to subvert her opponent's con-
centration. There is precedent for this sort of behavior
in previous Grandmaster-level matches, so the Donia
was not censured by the judge:

and used the

r ss, the Dofia abandoned the Sicilian to
press heradvantage, while the Don'sattack wascrippled
by his insistence on leading with his remaining knight
(16 N-KN4, followed by 17 N-KR6?). It was not until
the Dofia removed Don Ibrahim's remaining knight
from the board (19 N-KR3!) that the Don's game
returned to its usual style and excellence.

Matcu BeTw

Don IsraAniM AND Dona IsaporaA

The midgame, from move 19 until move 32
belonged to the Don unquestioningly. While Doria
attack had been superbly conceived, the

Isadora's
need to divert some of her p
annoyance of the second "horsie" left her with too
much of her offense relegated to the corner of the
board. This allowed the Don toseize the center,and he
began to systematically dismantle the Donia's defenses.
In particular, 24 B-K5 ch! necessitated a response of K-
KNI and produced 25 B-KR3, removing one of the
Dona's rooks. At this point, it was loudly whispered in
the gallery that black was in a resignable position.

‘es to deal with the

hing
ant

However, the game had one final turn left. Ru
the endgame, and perhaps distracted by the inc

noises made by his king!, the Don made the fatal blunder
of 33 Q-Q6, moving his queen into jeopardy. The Don

recognized his error almost as soon as it was made and
demanded to be allowed to recast his move, but even as
he began his protest Dofia Isadora responded with N-

K3!, removing the Don's queen from the board.

The Don immediately made vociferous opposi-
tion, but was overruled by the judges, who felt that his
move and his opponent's had been fairly made. It was
then, | must in shame report, that the greatest irregu-
larity occurred.

There are certain chess players among the living
who, when they find the game going against them, will
overturn the board in a rage. Inevitably they are regarded
as having forfeited, but it saves them the humiliation of
seeing their king mated. I regret to say that Don Ibrahim
displayed the tendencies of this sort of player and, in his
own fashion, made a most shameful display on the board
itself. Eventually, he was restrained by the judges, but
was regarded as having lost both the match and his
Grandmaster rating. He also lost a great deal of standing

in the eyes of many of his peers, and there is a motion
before Les Amies Noir not to permit him to compete in
thechesscompetition the next time we gatherin Madrid.
Don Ibrahim, of course, has registered a formal protest.

As for the surviving pieces, the pawns were served
to the spectators, while the remainder were staked and
returned to storage to await the next competition, as
the tournament was suspended in the wake of the
Don's outburst.

Diego Luis Alvarez Ramirez

July 17th, Madrid, 1995

' The antitribu had been unwilling to participate, and as such, both of his feet were, of necessity, spiked to the board.
This produced minor delays when Don Ibrahim first castled, but this miniscule disruption of play was infinitely preferable
to forcing one of the spectators to Dominate the offending king into quiescence. It was felt that invoking Entombment

Clanbook: Lasombra @


Oh, do stop whimpering, Enrique. Wheels within
wheels, plots within plots, you say. Nonsense. Les Amies
is the "inside," and the members of the clan who are not
inducted are "outside." Within the Sabbat, all Lasombra
are "outside." In the Jyhad, all
members of the Sabbat are "inside" and all others are

are "inside" and all other

"outside." Is that diagram simple enough for you?

But back to the subject at hand. There are some who
claim that L
that it is one with the founding of the Sabbat itself. | have

s Amies dates back to the 1600s; others say

found reference to it, or its ancestors, in various of our
texts going back to the nights of the Merovingian kings

— and | daresay it is even older. The name is French
simply for the sake of compromise. When the order was

besides Latin

crystallized, French was the only languag
thacour [eslianbandiSpanish elders sHared) Aslfrancaie

was the language of trade and diplomacy — where do you

think the term lingua franca came from, Omar? — it
seemed appropriate. Yes, there have been many attempts
to change it to something that would, as they say, play
better in Cadiz, but we do have a regrettable tendency
toward the traditional.

Those of Les Amies are the knights and protectors of
our kind. Just as we are to guide the destinies of the other
clans, they shepherd our less talented members. They are
the protectors, the great ladies and lords of the Lasombra,
and your induction into their ranks is perhaps the great-
est thing you will ever accomplish.

Of course, this does not mean that you can rest on
your threadbare laurels. Ever onward, ever upward you
must strive, lest you be deemed unnecessary. This will
inevitably bring you into competition with others of the
Lasombra, yes, but it is for the good of the blood that the

cleverest, most talented of us must ascend.
The first thing that you must learn is that Les Amies

must never be discussed among those not already in-

ducted. Not other Lasombra, not your packmates, not

your ghouls or your mothers. Should yoube discovered to
have revealed the secret of Les Amies Noir's existence, no

power under Heaven can save you

e me for the nature of that pronouncement,

‘Ol

but itis simple fact. Consider the sad case of a childe of
Dosta. While Sefior
daCosta was a young vampire of boundless promise and

a dear friend of mine, one Pablo dat

potential, he was unable to maintain even the healthiest
of silences. One night, his tongue loosened by the wine
in the veins of his dinner companion, he rambled of Les
Amies Noir for over seven minutes. A Court of Blood was
convened that evening, permission granted almost in-
stantaneously, and his sire, my dear friend Donia Isabella,
was the first to sink her fangs into his throat. We reward
success; we do not tolerate failure.

@ Chapter Thre

: An Evening at the Feet of Don Miguel


i

Currently, those outside Les Amies thinkof it —if they
know enough to think of it at all —as a sort of appendage
of the Black Hand. I see nothing wrong with fostering
this illusion, and even (for maximum effect) orchestrat-
ing the occasional "disappearance" of one spreading it
As for the Black Hand itself, it is less of a threat than one
would imagine. Many of its members follow the Path of
Evil Revelations and fancy themselves majestic scourges.
In reality they are far less impressive.

Why, Enrique, you seem flustered. No? Very well
then, I shall continue.

Membership in Les Amies is a heavy responsibility
One must safeguard the clan, make the decisions called
for while seated on the Court of Blood (oh! the agony of
the first time you grant permission! It is beyond words.

The bliss of the second time, however...) and steer the
Sabbat itself willy-nilly where it would best be served to
go. Butthere is recompense. There is the respect that can
only be earned, the knowledge and power that being a

friend of the dark brings.

And, of course, there is Madrid. Once a decade, we

gather in Madrid, under the auspices of our beloved
Archbishop Moncada, fora revel that shakes the pillars
of Heaven. All the amusements one can devise: dancing,

chess, fencing, seduction, hunting, all the courtly games

S KASS LKABK AGS

TTT

= SNS

of blood and power. The finest wine is poured into the
finest vessels for us to drink from. Musicians are brought
in from all over the world. Even the Toreador vie to play
for us in Madrid

Y

indulge in the carnal act, there is certainly pleasure to be

Enrique, games of seduction. While we cannot

gained in the sharing of blood, and in the power that desire
grants one over another. The trick in these games, you see,
is to be the pursued and not the pursuer. He, or she, who
admits desire is but putty in the hands of their paramour.

Oh, yes, there are many great Dofias of our kind,

ladies great, beautiful and cruel. Catherine di Medici and

Lucrezia Borgia, were they living today, would be like
children dressing in their mothers' finery among them.
Our Dojas have played these games for centuries, and
will play them for centuries yet. Sometimes a pursuit
takes a hundred years to complete, but in the end the
coup is counted, ne c'est pas? The female of the species,
after all, is far more deadly than the male.

We do have lesser celebrations, most notably Palla
Grande and Festivo dello Estinto. The two are very differ-
ent, but are both derived from the masques and revels of
our breathing days — though they serve very different

purposes now.

Clanbook: Lasombra @


Palla Grande is our little joke, our Grand Masquer-
ade. It is the one time of the year when we know the faces
we wear, the one night when we can present the visage we
want to the world. Yes, | know some of you have taken to
wearing masks at other times, but that dulls the enjoy-
ment. To have one night, just one night, when your face

is of your own choosing... and to mock the Camarilla

even as we do so, that isa pleasure indeed. Just as the
single kiss is ineluctably more erotic than repeated pecks
on the cheek, so too is one night of false guises more
riveting than workaday masks, dulled with the soot of
each night's fires. Palla Grande is a celebration of sophis-
tication and deliberation, and it calls us to look to the
next gathering in Madrid.

Festivo dello Estinto, on the other hand, is sheer revel.
It is Saturnalia and Carnival for us, a time for abandon.
There are no masks here, just blood and bodies in motion.
A week they give us, and that is sufficient. Any more
would be degenerate, any less insufficient. There must be
a time, you see, when the plots are laid aside and the
machinations abandoned, when even our vigilance can
be relaxed, ever so slightly. Not too much, however

Drunk on blood is one thing; drunk by others who watch

for your weakness is entirely another

I see I have been talking for hours. You will have

barely enough time to return to your havens. No, Enrique,

do not leave; you shall remain. Good night, students. 1
will see you once the sun sets tomorrow

Now Enrique, | have observed you most carefully
this evening. Your questioning, your attentiveness, even
your very stance bespeak that you are destined for a very
special role within Les Amies Noir.

What role is that, you ask? Let me respond by saying
that the Court was convened before class, and it was
agreed that you show not the slightest spark of that flame
which illuminates the true member of Les Amies. Your
transparent attempts to spy for the Black Hand are
amusing, considering your ill-disguised favoritism. What
did they expect to gain from employing you, | wonder

However, you do not wish to waste your last few
seconds with political discussion, | am sure. We shall, as
they say, cut to the chase then. I have been granted
permission to slake my thirst with your thin blood,
Enrique. I would appreciate it if, as I fed, you were so kind
as to avoid making a mess of your vitae. Most courteous
of you, Enrique, most courteous.

@ Chapter Thr

An Evening at the Feet of Don Miguel



5 CHAPTER. Four:
: ACCEPTABLE ie

Not all Lasombra are from Barcelona and Cadiz. In The templates that follow are ready for immediate
these days of the shrinking planet and global community, use, or can be suitably altered to fit your needs. Of course,
Keepers can come from any background so long as they __ it is wise to ask their permission before altering them —
have the proven potential for success. Of course, there _ they are proud, and may take offense if their approval has
are still certain preferences within the clan— sometimes not been sought. The consequences of offending a

it's not even whom you know, but whom your great' —_ Lasombra, we all know, are not light at all.
great-grandfather knew in the days of the galleons.

® Chapter Four: Acceptable Modern Lasombra


. ANTITRIBU PIRATE

Quote: All I ask is a tall ship and a star to sail her by. Of course, a few freighters loaded with electronics would be nice too.
Prelude: You always loved the sea. Asa child you lived on the coast, playing on the rocksas the waves splashed against

them. You started sailing as a teenager, winning several races by the time you entered college. As a successful manager in

the insurance industry, you soon bought your own boat, spending as many weekends as you could alone with the waves
and wind. That was your undoing.

You were out alone one night when you saw the ship. She was a sight to behold: a

hundred feet from stem to stern if she was an inch, with the sleek lines of the
Cutty Sark. Figuring that she must have been affiliated with
some beer company or other, you sat back to enjoy the

spectacle instead of trying to escape. By the time you realizec
your mistake, it was too late. You sire boarded your ship and
Embraced you that night, then took you
home to where the ships he used in his
real work were docked

You hadn't realized that there
were still pirates on the high seas,
but as a member of your sire's crew
you've captured cargoes that would
have turned Blackbeard green with
envy — Japanese electronics, C

bian cocaine, South African gold and
diamonds, and American chips and
software. Nobody else thinks there's pi-
rates out there either, so by the time the

pigeons on the freighters figure out what

you're up to, it's far too late for them.

You stay out at sea most of the time,

where you are safe from the Sabbat and

pretty much anyone else. It's every
childhood fantasy you've ever had
come true, except the

ampire part,
but you always liked sailing by
moonlight best anyway.

Concept: You were Embraced
by a Lasombra antitribu who wante

a capable childe for policing the
crew of one of the pirate ships the
non-Sabbat Lasombra still maintain.
After the initial shock of the Embrace
wore off, your love of the sea took over and you became a more than
enthusiastic pirate.

Roleplaying Tips: Sometimes it's hard to remember that you're
not the hero of Captain Blood. Of course, modern pirates tend not
touse rapiers, butstill, you get caught up in the fantasy. You worry
more about the Sabbat than the Coast Guard, but when things get

tense you drop into character as the bloodthirsty terrorofthe seven
seas. You do have a very strong practical side, though, and use your
knowledge of business and your contacts in the insurance industry

to help find potential cargoes and buyers for what you've stolen.

Equipment: AK-47, short-wave radio, atlas, videotapes of
Errol Flynn pirate movies

Clanbook: Lasombra ®


Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength. ry
Dexterity. ry
Stamina.

0000
00000
@@@00000

Nature: Bon Vivant
Demeanor: Brave
Concept: Antitrile. Pirate

Generation: 974
Haven:

Attibates =

Social

@@000000
000000

@@@00000

Charisma
Manipulation,
Appearance.

Mental
@@000000
1@000000
@@0@00000

Perception,
Intelligence.

Wits.

a ————————— sucgs SS _ $079
a ———Abilities VX

Talents
Acting _____——— 90000000
Alertness @0000000
Athletics @0000000
Brawl @@000000
Dodge. @0000000
Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation @@000000
Leadership. 00000000
Streetwise. @@000000
Subterfuge 90000000

06 SS ‘Advantages

Disciplines
Dominate ___@0000000
Obenchretion _@@000000
Potence 0000000

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Skills
Animal Ken. 00000000
Drive. @0000000
Etiquette. 00000000
Firearms, @@@00000
Melee. @@@00000
Music 00000000
Repair. ®0000000
Security. 00000000
Stealth, 00000000
Survival___@0000000

Backgrounds
enenation @0000000
@@000000

@@000000

00000000

00000000

00000000

00000000

Knowledges
Bureaucracy. 00000000

Computer, 00000000
Finance.

Investigation.

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
@0000000

Politics.
Science

——————— ce oe
eer

Virtues

Callousness. @@000

Instincts @@000

Morale.

vee

~-—= Other Traits
Boating ___ @@®00000
Navigats

@0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Path of
Harmony
e@e@ee@eoo0000n0
—>——= Willpower ——"—
@e@e0@e@ee00000
OOOOOOOOO0O

—=——= Blood Pool ——=—

OOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOH

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled 5
Incapacitated
—=—— Weakness
Cannot be seen im mimon on

other reflectine wrfaces

oo000000

Attributes:7/5/3_Abiliti

ae ee

13/9/5 Disciplines:3_ Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)
———


. CADET

Quote: Withall due respect, s
himself properly. I will, of course, accept full responsibility.

, your courier was accidentally rendered permanently nonoperative after a failure to identify

Prelude; You were so happy when you were accepted at a top military college. You thought you had no illusions;

you had prepared yourself for four years of tough training, psychological hazing and challenging classes. Three years

in, things were going just the way you planned. You were at the top of your class and about to get a commission, just
as you'd always dreamed.

Your plans hadn't included getting killed, though. Unexpectedly
called to a meeting with two school officials and someone you
assumed to be a reserve officer, you were asked a number of questions
about yourstudies and your postgraduate plans. It was the sort of thing
uit foran elite

one might expect if one were being considered

force, and you did your damndest to impress in hopes of getting the
assigment. Less a week later you found out just what that assignment
was.

low you realize that your plans haven't been so much ruined as
redirected. You're still an officer, but now you're inaction every night,
and the bastards on the other side deserve no quarter. On your way
to the top, you're already running your pack with an eye toward
ke notice.

victories that will make your superiors sit up and ta
Concept: You're ambitious, gunning for a field promotion
and maybe more. There are a lot of others Embraced around the

same time you were, but you're the cream of the crop. You're not
above helping the others fail, anyway. Better they do it now than
later, when there's more riding on their decisions.

Roleplaying Tips: You're here to kick ass and... well, kick ass:
Power within the Sabbat is a lot more appealing than another bar
on your sleeve would have been, and nothing you could have
done while alive matches the thrill of the ope

pulling offnow. You know you're the best of the best; now you
just have to prove it to the worl

ations you're

Sivandivourelaneldest
Equipment: Well-tailored conservative clothing, H&K
9mm, survival knife, binoculars


Player:
Chronicle:

Demeamnor: Director
Concept: Cadet

oo —= Attributes

Physical
Strength___@@@00000
Dexterity_____ @@@@0000
Stamina.

Charisma
Manipulation___.
Appearance

Generation: 1374
Haven:

Mental

Perception.
Intelligence
Wits.

Talents

Acting 00000000
Alertness,

Athletics
Brawl.

Dodge.
Empathy,
Intimidation,
Leadership.
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

@@000000
@@000000
00000000
00000000
@@000000
@@000000
00000000

a | Advantages

Disciplines
Dominéle __@0000000
Dltencbration _@0000000
Potence @®000000

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Abilities
Skills

Animal Ken, 00000000
Drive @@000000
Etiquette 00000000
Firearms___ @®®00000
Melee. @®000000
Music. 00000000
Repair. 00000000
Security___@0000000
Stealth____ @0000000
Survival___00000000

Backgrounds
Black Hand @0000000
Reromer ___@ 0000000
Sablat Hates __@0000000

00000000
O0000000
00000000
00000000

Bureaucracy
Computer.
Finance.

@0000000
00000000
00000000
Investigation. 00000000
Llaw___ @0000000
Linguistics___@0000000
Medicine. @0000000
Occult 00000000
Politics, @0000000
Science. 00000000

———— ee
ee

Virtues
Callousness.

@@000
Instincts.

Morale.

vw

—-——= Other Traits

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Path of
@e@e@aeeee 0000
—=——= Willpower ——"-

e@eee0e0ee000
OOOOOOO0000

~--———= Blood Pool ——=-

OOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOoOO

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled 5
Incapacitated
—a——= Weakness ="
Cannot be seem im minon or

ooo0oo00g0o0

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)
ss


Car BURGLAR

Quot

something about that

Seems a shame to keep a diamond this beautiful locked in a vault where no one can see it, doesn't it? T should do

Prelude: You were always getting into places you weren't meant to go, and it was a point of pride that no lock could
lized the profitability of what you could

stop you. When you were a kid you did it for kicks, but soon enough you re:

do. Shopping ina store with abysmal security, you noticed that a Master Lock anda poorly placed security camera were
all that stood between you and the jewelry cases. You came back after the store was closed, and within a week you were
off the Ramen-and-water diet permanently. From then on you made a career out of relieving overconfident stores and
individuals of theirjewelry. As yourskills grew, you occasionally returned one of the items you had stolen to your victim,
along with a note explaining why it wasn't good enough to keep. Then came the night of your Creation Rites
Your sire had been watching you, and plucked you off the side of a building down which you were rappelling in
anticipation of a relaxing evening's B&E. Mind you, once you dug yourself out of the ground, you found that your

Embrace could be looked at asa positive for your career. Your increased dexterity and sensitivity allow you to pick even
the toughest locks, and as an extra bonus there isn't a heat sensor in the

world that can pick you up. Better yet, you now get tips on where the
Ventrue and Toreador of the Camarilla stash their

goodies. It's always more lucrative to rob

from other vampires, and those Camarilla /\

fools have it coming. You share your
occasionally get kicks out of taking art aS
you've appropriated and returning it to its

Toreador owner once yours pack
has...improved...it.

Concept: You are a professional cat
burglar and an expert with security sys-

tems. The Sabbat Embraced you because
they wanted someone who could retrieve

items from the havens of Camarilla vam-

pires, and because they liked your sense of

humor. You don't put too much stock in

the latter, though, and perhaps that's wise.

Roleplaying Tips: You are the best at
what you do. You don't brag too much

about it, but that's because you don't need

to. You don't take risks, but you enjoy

adding a certain flair to your exploits.

Deep down you are a practical joker, but

you don't let it interfere with business

Equipment: Lock picks hidden inside
1 pen, climbing gear, L slide, small allen
wrench, glass cutters, black clothing


Player:
Chronicle:

Demeanor: Competitor
Concept: Cat Burglar

SS j—Attributes

Physical
Strength
Dexterity.

Stamina.

00000

Social

@@000000
000000
000000

Charisma.
Manipulation.
Appearance.

Generation: 1374
Haven:

Mental
@@@00000
@@000000
@@000000

Perception.
Intelligence
Wits.

ee slate Meee
ee Abilities ans

Talents
Acting__ 00000000
Alertness, @@@00000
Athletics. @@000000
Brawl. @0000000
Dodge. @@00000
Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation. 00000000
Leadership__ 00000000
Streetwise. @@@00000
Subterfuge___ 00000000

ee Advantages

Disciplines

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Skills
00000000
Drive @0000000
Etiquette. 00000000
Firearms____®0000000
Melee____ @0000000
Music. 00000000
Repair 00000000
Security______ @@@e@0000
Stealth____ @eeeo00o0
Survival. 00000000

Animal Ken

Backgrounds

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Knowledges
Bureaucracy. 00000000
Computer. 00000000
Finance. @@@00000
00000000
@0000000
s_00000000

00000000

0000000

00000000

00000000

Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics
Medicine
Occult.
Poli
Science.

S——————— 497 9 -
Sater

Virtues
Callousness.

@0000

Instincts.

Morale.

—»—= Other Traits

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Path o!
Cathars
@e@e@eee00000

—-—< Willpower ——=—
@@ee@ee8@0000
OOOOOOOOO0O

—=———=Blood Pool ——=—

OOOOOOoOoOoOo
OOOOOOOOOO

Virtu

27

Injured

Wounded

Mauled

Crippled 5

Incapacitated
—-——= Weakness

other reflective unfpces

Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

EG EVE Ee) Ee


CHILD PRODIGY

Quote: "I mean," she said, "that one can't help growing older." "One can't, perhaps
can. With the proper assistance, you might have left off at seven." That's from Alice. Most gri

" said Humpty Dumpty, "but two
ownups don't get it.

Prelude: Everyone told you what an exeptional child you were. It was fun at first. Classes at the special school, a
computer of your very own when you were four, classes at the university when you were seven. You didn't even mind
not having friends your own age; other children didn't understand anything you tried to talk to them about.

It was when your parents kept putting off the promised trip to Disney World that you realized they were using you
and your mind. There was always one more class, one more seminar, one more science fairor one more talk show. What
really brought it home was they way they reacted when you wanted to take classes that weren't hard sciences. They
wanted you to concentrate on being a world-famous scientist, they gave you a line about the good you could do for
mankind — but you knew that what they really wanted was to bask in the glory
of raising a child genius.

That's when you realized what you had to do to get your way. Fora year
you played them off one another, getting them to compete for your
affections. They were well on their way to divorce when the Lasombra
took you. It seems that they needed someone with that special knack

your other talents were an unexpected bonus.

for manipulation, and
Vampirism has some serious limitations, not the least of which is an
eternity of being four and a half feet tall, but at least your new family
appreciates your entire personality rather than treating you like a per-
forming monkey.

Concept: As a child prodigy among the kine, you became bitter about
the lack of respect your family and others had for youasa person. Among
the Lasombra, you intend to use your intellect to become an
important power broker within the sect, and you are certain that
nothing, least of all your child's body, will stand in the way.

Roleplaying Tips: On most levels — especially decision-
making and strategy — you function as an adult. Psychologically,

however, you are still a child. Under normal circumstances you
can be as coldand calculating as any Lasombra (though you may
feign innocence to encourage people to underestimate you),
but when badly frightened you look for reassurance from your
mentor.

Equipment: Loaded computer, teddy bear, Mace, copy of
Alice in Wonderland

Clanbook: Lasombra ®

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Demeanor: Director
Concept: ChiLA Prodigy

50h Artribates

Physical
Strength____—— @0 000000
Dexterity. @@@00000
Stamina. @@000000

Social
@0000000

Manipulation__ @@@@e@000

Appearance. @000000

Charisma

Generation: 7374
Haven:

Mental
Perception, @@000000
Intelligence.

Wits

<0<-00-<

wr
Talents
Acting 00000000
Alertness @0000000
Athletics. 00000000
Brawl. 00000000
Dodge. @@000000
Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation. @0000000
Leadership. 00000000
Streetwise. 00000000
Subterfuge. @0000000

Abilities

Skills
Animal Ken___00000000
Drive____00000000
Etiquette ®@000000
Firearms ®@000000
Melee. @0000000
Music. ®@000000
Repair. 00000000
Security. 00000000
Stealth____ @@000000
Survival___00000000

~<>0<

Disciplines
Ayer @0000000
Dominate __ @®000000
Potence 1000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000

00000000

Backgrounds
Resources @@000000
@000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Bureaucracy. 00000000
Computer. 1@@00000
Finance. 00000000
Investigation. @@000000
law________00000000
Linguistics, @00000
Medicine. @0000000
Occult. @0000000
Politics 00000000
Science. @@@00000

SSS WNantages SSL

Virtues

Callousness. eocee

Instincts. @0000

Morale.

—»—= Other Traits

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Path of
Power / Inner Voice
@e@eeeaee 0000

—=——= Willpower ———

@0e0e000000
OOOOOOOOOO

—=——= Blood Pool ——=—

OOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOO0O

Hurt

Injured

Wounded

Maulled

Crippled 9-5

Incapacitated
—-—— Weakness ——
Cammol be 100m im minron on

other reflectine unfaces

a es P|

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)
= mo —


CONSULTANT

Quote: So you want help taking out that Toreador who owns the nightclub you adore. There's arate card for my services

on the dresser. And stop dripping blood on the carpet; it's Persian
Prelude: Asa mortal, you were a consultant in the telecommunications industry. You had a promising career, but

you grew disgusted by the other young professionals in their skyscraper offices who ignored the stench of urine from

the homeless in the subway stations below. Had you been in Camarilla territory the Ventrue may have tried Embracing
Sabbat to the core. You see and understand the inner darkne:

act that you ar

you, but it wouldn't have changed the:
of the power you wield, and you do not flinch from the knowledge that a cut on a firm's balance sheet can drain kine

dry as surely as a pack in frenzy.
Concept:
find that the ideals of the Lasombra resonate well with the disgust you feel for the hypocrisy of kine financiers and their

mbraced to handle some of the clan's interests in the high-tech and telecommunications markets, you

Ventrue puppeteers. You area crucial part of the more subtle Lasombra plans, and could even pass yourselfoffas Ventrue
if necessary, so long as no mirrors were brought into play.

Roleplaying Tips: Among mortals and those outside your imme-
diate circle, youare the picture of the high-powered businessperson,
saying all the right things and smiling in just the right way as
you deal with those dedicated enough to work long hours.
Those whom you trust know that beneath your pleasant
exterior lurks something unimaginably dark. No one
has yet seen you get angry. A few unlucky souls have,
however, seen you get even.

Equipment:
lored suits, cellularphone, sharpened silver letter

aptop computer, briefcase, tai-

opener

Player:
Chronicle:

Demeanor: A,hitet
Concept: Conwltant

Attributes

Physical
Strength, -@@000000
Dexterity.
Stamina.

Social
Charisma

Manipulation___.
Appearance

0S Abilities

Talents
Acting___00000000
Alertness @0000000
Athletics. 00000000
Brawl. 00000000
Dodge. 00000000
Empathy. @0000000
Intimidation.
Leadership__
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

@0000000
@@000000

Clam: Lezombra
Generation: 1374
Haven:

Perception.
Intelligence
Wits.

Skills
Animal Ken 00000000
Drive @@000000
Etiquette. @@000000
Firearms ®0000000
Melee 00000000
Music 90000000
Repair. 00000000
Security. 00000000
Stealth, 00000000
Survival, 00000000

Bureaucracy___

Computer.

Finance.

Investigation.

Law. @0000000
Linguistics__@0000000
Medicine. 00000000
Occult. @@000000
Politics 00000000

Science. 00000000

~<0<

Disciplines

@000000

0000000
@0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

a SS LU

Backgrounds
ented @0000000
0000000

0000

00000000

00000000

00000000

00000000

oS

Virtues

Callousness. @00e0

Instincts.

Morale.

~2—= Other Traits:

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:
I =

Path of

Power / Inmer Voice
@eee@eee0000

—>——= Willpower ——"-
@e@ee@eee e000
OOOOOOOOoOO

—=——= Blood Pool ——=—

OOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOoOO

Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled 5
Incapacitated
—~—— Weakness ——=—
Cannot be seen im mimon on

(7/5/2/1)


, THE FALSE PRIEST

Quote: In nomine Pati, et Filii, et Spiritu Sancti, amen.

Prelude: It seems that you spent all your life prepar-
ing for the priesthood. It was expected of you. Your
parents, your aunts and uncles and both sets of
grandparents were always talking about
how you were going to be a priest, for
as long as you can remember. You
didn'teven question it untilafteryou'd
been at the seminary for a couple of
years. Then you began examining
yout beliefs, and you found that not
only didn't you want to become a
priest, but you didn't even believe in
God. It became clear to you that you'd
only been doing what everyone else
wanted you to do, and that you had been
manipulated by your family and by the +
Church itself

You felt devastated
and betrayed,
and were on
the v

rge of pes \
taking your ?

own life. Sud-

denly, ee
something

within you a

snapped, and ©

you were filled -
with an anger
that swept away
the fear and de-
pression. You
decided that
you would find
a way
back at those
who had ma-

to get

nipulated you.
The only ques-
tion was how.

: Lasombra @

You were still at the seminary a few months later
when the foreign priest visited. You were intrigued by
him. You couldn't quite place his accent, and while he
spoke to all the students, you felt his eyes lingering on
you. The next time you saw him, about two weeks later,

he revealed what your true future was to be. Atleast the
Lasombra make no pretense about the fact that they
intend to direct your future, and should your sire the

Monsignor's plans come to fruition, there's some-

thing in it for you now. He finds your lack of faith

disturbing, but is willing to nurture you through

your apostacy...for now.

Concept: You are a traditional Lasombra, the

mole inside the religious institutions of mortals. While

this role no longer carries the importance it once did,

you're still a useful asset to the clan, especially when it
comes to reporting on the activities of hunters.

Roleplaying Tips: You are in the

habit of playing the serene prel-

ate in front of others, but

inside you are not calm at

all. You may still have

unresolved feelings about

NS your experiences with the

Church, but they are tem-

pered with you knowledge

of the harsh realities of life.

Still, it would never do to

letyourflock see your inner

turmoil. Comfortand guide

them as best you may, for

are you not your brother's

Equipment: Clerical
garb, religious texts, four-
door sedan with fake
wood paneling


Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength. @@000000
Dexterity. @®@000000
Stamina @@000000

Nature: Autit
Demeanor: Caregiver
Concept: Falre Priest

Social

Charisma.
Manipulation____

Appearance. @@000000

Generation: 1774
Haven:

=== Attrbates ===

Mental
@0000000
000000
@@000000

Perception.
Intelligence.

Wits.

<0

0S

vw

Talents
Acting ___@@000000
Alertness 1@000000
Athletics. 00000000
Brawl. 00000000
Dodge. @0000000
Empathy. @@@00000
Intimidation___ 00000000
Leadership. @@000000
Streetwise. 00000000
Subterfuge_____— @@ 000000

Disciplines
Domnéle ___@0000000
Obtenchration _@@@00000

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

S88 Advantages

Abilities
Skills

Animal Ken__00000000
Drive______ @0000000
Etiquette___ ®@®000000
Firearms. 00000000
Melee__00000000
Music ®0000000
Repair. 00000000
Security. 00000000
Stealth, ®0000000
Survival___00000000

Backgrounds
@@@00000
000000

Herd

@0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

av
Knowledges
Bureaucracy___ @@®000000
Computer. 00000000
Finance. @0000000
Investigation. @0000000
Law____00000000
Linguistics. @@000000
Medicine. 00000000
Occult. @0000
Politics. 00000000

Science. 00000000

407-9
SSS

Virtues
Callousness.

@@@00
Instincts.

Morale.

ee
oo ooooooaaoaam—s—_——o—

~-—= Other Traits:

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Attributes:7/5/3_Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)
Sr ——————

= Path of
Chine

@eeeeeeee0od

—2——= Willpower —"~

@020e000000
ODOOOOOOOOO0

~-—= Blood Pool ——=—

OOOOOOO0O0O0
OOOOOOOOOoO

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled 5
Incapacitated

—--——= Experience ——""~


> KING OF BEGGARS

Quote: Daniel, Daniel, Daniel. How many times have I told you not to hold out on me? Now which finger will you miss
the least?

Prelude: Born to wealth and privilege, you found the atmosphere of your parents' home stuffy and boring beyond
belief. You began slumming, creating

"street" persona for yourself so that you'd have someplace to escape to when

the dinner parties got to be too tedious. One thing led to another, and your street face became more real than your real
one. Using some of Daddy's dough, you established contacts, then cred, then
started organizing your runners. In no time, you'd marked offa profitable
section of turf in the heart of the city. Literally dozens of thieves,

pickpockets and panhandlers reported to you. Unfortunately, one of
them reported to someone else as well.

The woman who Embraced you was most amused by your low
tastes in companionship, and somewhat impressed by your
adaptability. Now yourrunners work for the clan and the Sabbat
as well as for you, ferreting out wallets and secrets with equal
aplomb.

Concept: You're arich dilettante

whose hobby turned into a call-

ing. Talents that should have
been wielded in the business

J worldinstead blossomed in the
underworld, and you're a force

to be reckoned with on the
streets. The clan uses youand
your minions to move infor-
mation undetectably, as well as
filch it.
Roleplaying Tips: Toward
your charges you are kind and paternal — un-
less, of course, one tries to hold out on you.
Then it's object lesson time, and you make sure
that other potential troublemakers watch. You
can still move in high society with the best of
them; indeed, many ladies you knew during your
old life remark that there's something "danger-
ous" about you now. You keep an eye on all the
exits, one hand in your pocket, and the other in
someone else's (the better to steal his wallet).
Equipment: Cellularphone, beeper, 9mm
handgun, natty silk suit, pair of black leather
gloves (too small) that you swiped as a
souvenir


Player:
Chronicle:

Nature: Commiver
Demeanor: Architect

Concept: King of Beggars

Generation: 737
Haven:

Physical
Strength__— @@®000000
Dexterity. 1@@00000
Stamina @@000000

Talents

Acting _____—_— 90000000
Alertne: @0000000
Athletics 00000000
Brawl. @0000000
Dodge @0000000
Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation. @@000000
Leadership__@0000000
Streetwise.

Subterfuge.

<O$-0+:

Disciplines
Dominate ___@0000000
Olenchretion _@@000000
Potence @0000000

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

S| Attributes

ae

Social
Charisma,

Manipulation__
Appearance

Mental
Perception. @@@00000
Intelligence.

Wits.

Skills
Animal Ken___00000000
Drive___ @0000000
Etiquette 00000000
Firearms___ @®000000
Melee. @@000000
Music 00000000
Repair. 00000000
Security. @0000000
Stealth_____ @@e00000
Survival, 00000000

Bureaucracy.
Computer.

00000000
00000000
Finance @0000000
Investigation. 00000000
Law______ee000000
Linguistics, 00000000
Medicine. 00000000
Occult. 000000
Politics. 00000000
Science 00000000

Backgrounds
Hod pe @00000
Contacts
00000000
00000000

00000000
00000000

$0 OS

aS Advantec

Virtues
Callousness.

@@000
Instincts.

Morale.

@@000
orO=

—»—= Other Traits:

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Attributes:7/5/3_ Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1
—- a

Path of
Cathari
@e@e@eeeoo000n0d
—-——<= Willpower ——"~

@0e00e000000
ODOOOOOOOoOO

—=——= Blood Pool —~

OOOOOOOOOO
ODOooOoOoOoOooOo

Health
Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled 5
Incapacitated
—-——= Weakness ——="~

other reflective unfacer



\. Appenpn:
(CERTAIN FSpEciatey
' NOTEWORTHY
yAsoMBRA

MontTANO AND GRATIANO was perceived as a failure in life. In truth, the Armada

failed because of Philip's insistence on attacking prema-

Like Caine and Abel or Romulus and Remus, these f ;
turely, despite the fleet's woeful preparation. His Majesty's

two brothers are renowned for their antagonism. It is
truly a pity, though, that Montano has not emulated
Abel or Romulus and quietly allowed himself to be killed.
So instead their strife, the strife of loyal childe against
drinker of the Amaranth, goes on.

waste of good Spanish lives, both in the Armada and in
od
many Lasombra. Sidonia had failed in Philip'smadscheme
in life, so certain clan elders determined he would be an
insult to the wastrel king in death.

Embraced and carefully trained by Doiia Beatr
Lasombra of noble Aragonese breeding, Sidonia was

Don Mepina SIDONIA starved for a week and then brought to the king's cham-
bers. Only the strength of Doria Beatriz' slender hand

the endless wars in Spain's Dutch possessions, anger

For more information on Montano and Gratiano,
see Children of the Inquisition.

Don Sidonia was Embraced more as an object lesson
to King Philip II of Spain than out of any tributes to his
own talents. The admiral into whose charge the Armada

held the crazed neonate back from ripping out his liege's

throat. As he slavered and raged, she calmly instructed

was given, Sidonia is unusual for a Lasombra in that he

@® Appedix: Certain Especially Noteworthy Lasombra


Only two things can upset the Don's legendary calm.
Don Sidonia is obsessed with reducing England via siege,
more so than he ever was in life. So far all of his efforts in
this direction have come to naught, and the frustration of
the failure has taken a visible toll. Sidonia has stated that
he would gladly watch the sun rise, if only he could do it
from Buckingham Palace, and not one of his companions
doubted his sincerity at the time. Don Sidonia also
harbors a centuries-old grudge against the mercenary

ye

general Parma, who Sidonia believes betrayed him. Em-
braced by the Ventrue, Parma has spent the intervening
g Sidonia. Should

Bie

years alternately opposing and duckin,

y

N

even a rumor of the mercenary's presence reach Don
Sidonia's ears, the city that spawned the rumor will move
to the top of the Sabbat's list of future targets

ArcupisHop Amprosio Luis
Moncapa oF Maprip

Never a Pope (though not from lack of trying),
Archbishop Mongada holds the same title in death that
he did in life. However, in life and death he has probably
had more effect on world affairs than have many men
who occupied the Holy See. Once responsible for the
massive abbey in Madrid, Mongada held palpable tempo-

the terrified monarch in the proper duties of kingship.

For six hours she lectured him, with Sidonia howling for

blood the entire time.

Initially the intent of Doria Beatriz and her peers had
Beenie tiiscese oe oidaniaronce his purposeihad been

accomplished, but she felt some guilt at using a Spaniard

of noble blood this way. Exercising certain of her noble

prerogatives, she instead gave Sidonia his true training in

the ways of the clan and the Sabbat. A mild-mannered

man in life, he had been changed by his experiences on
the Channel and after his death. His formidable tactical
ability remained, but any trace of subservienc

and mal-

leability had been burned out of him. Certain of the other

elders complimented Dona Beatriz on her perception,
and Don Sidonia ascended the ranks of Les Amies Noir

To this day, Don Sidonia remains one of the Sabbat's
most cunning tactical minds. His accomplishments in
cities as widely separated as New York and Manila have
reinforced his status to the point where he is unassailable.
Behind the visage of a slender and kindly grandfather

lurks a mind better suited to a machine

Clanbook Lasombra @


ral power over the nobles of the city, and indeed the
country, through the numbers of their bastards who were
inducted into holy orders in his diocese. Through black-
mailand extortion, heused hisaccess to these illegitimates
tocontrol their mothers and fathers and the course of the
warring states that would someday coalesce into a united
Spain. Duels were fought, wars were initiated, and many,
many estates were turned over to Holy Mother Church at
Moncada's direction:

These meddlings in the affairs of the great did not
escape the attention of the Lasombra, who were im-
pressed with the mortal's talent and audacity. Sensing in
him the potential for greatness, they bent what efforts
they could to Embracing him. Behind monastery walls
and the shield of the great Faith that surrounded him,
though, Mongada avoided the Kiss for almost a decade.
To this night, no other of those honored by being
targeted forselection has evaded the Embrace forso long.

When he was finally taken, however — ah, what a
triumph for the Lasombra that was! A man of power,
Mongada had disciples and protégés in every monastery in
the Iberian peninsula. These he soon Embraced, and the

houses of God became home to those who would be their

brothers' keepers. In no time the great abbeys and nunner-
ies were riddled with Lasombra, all devout yet devoted to

the Sabbat and Archbishop Mongada. Behind walls of

Faith that other vampires could not breach, Mongada and
his children plotted the course of western Europe.

It was Mongada who, through a vampiric royal
confessor, suggested to Henry the Navigator of Portugal
thatnew lands awaited his banner. Though the Lasombra
of Portugal take credit for Vasco de Gama, it was Mon
pulling the strings that opened the curtains on the }
World. Pizarro, Cortéz, De Leon, Balboa — these men
were but instruments of his will. The Papal decision to

ada

W

split the new lands between Spain and Portugal was
orchestrated by Mongada; it would not do for his Spanish
and Portuguese children to squabble among themselves
when God had provided such rich booty. Indeed, there
are those who say that the Sabbat's structure is modeled
on the Church as a tribute to Archbishop Mongada,
though he graciously declines credit forsuch a thing. Less
to his credit is the fact that he was among the first, and
certainly the most effective of the children of Caine at
using the Inquisition to deal with political opponents.
All good things come to an end, however, and
Spain's power waned. The potency of the monasteries
diminished as well, and Mongada found himself holding
strings with no puppetsattached. It was then that he truly
turned his attention tothe Jyhad and, stealinga march on
his enemies, convinced the other elders of the Sabbat to
move their base of power to the brave new world awaiting

them on the other side of the sea.

Mongada himself did not venture across the seas,
having grown too accustomed to his surroundings to leave:
Out of courtesy Les Amies Noir returned to him each decade
instead of causing him to stir from his beloved Madrid.
Today, Moncada sits, a spider in a razored web,
His childer and
grandchilder are everywhere in the clan, and his word

watching from his ruins in Madri

carries great weight even in these fallen nights. Of late,
though, he has become obsessed with the accounting
that God will inevitably demand of him for his sins, and

as such he has begun entertaining odd guests. Some

whisper that a Salubri has been seen in the monastic
quarters; others claim that they have seen angels with
wings of a steely sheen. The Archbishop refuses to
comment on such matters, and gently encourages those
preferably

who spread such rumors to lead War Parties
on the other side of the Atlantic.

LisETTE VIZQUEL

A scion of a wealthy Cuban family forced into exile
by Castro's rise to power, Lisette was raised on tales of her
family's noble history and curses against the man who
had brought them so low. While the Vizquels hardly were
destitute, they regarded their residence in Miami as an
exile, not as a home.

Young Lisette dutifully ingested all of this, as well as
her parents' superb work ethic, and excelled at school in
both scholastics and athletics. The recipient of a full
scholarship to Stanford, she wasan Academic All-Ameri-
can in two sports while shattering long-held academic
records in the classroom. It seemed that nothing could
hold her back from a career of stunning successes.

® Appedix: Certain Especially Noteworthy Lasombra


68

Nothing, that was, except the auto accident. The
wreck was so bad that her charred corpse had to be
identified from her dental records. Lisette's parents bore
the loss stoically; she could see their strength as she
watched her own funeral.

The ac

Lasombra of Cuba, forced with their families into exile as

ident, of course, was a sham. Certain of the

the Brujah-backed Castro muscled his way into power,
had been paying careful attention to Lisette for over a
decade. They simply chose this moment to collect her
Among the quickest initiates into Les Amies ever, Lisette
now leads War Parties in Miami and the Florida Keys.
She watches with glee as Castro's regime crumbles, and
dreams of a night when she can set foot on the land that
calls to her. All who know her fully expect that when
C

Lisette who will ascend to the seat of real power in Cuba

astro and his backers are finally thrown down, it is

ALFONSO LOPEZ
Contrary to the propaganda put forth by the clan's
leaders, certain Lasombra antitribu escaped the purges of
the 15th century. A few fled north, to Scandinavia

Many more took refuge with the Moriscos, the hidden

Muslim population of Granada oppressed by the Catho-
lic governments under the thumb of the most holy
Archbishop Mongada. Later, Philip II drove the Moriscos
out of Spain, so they took to piracy. Alfonso was one of
these, a daring and cruel man whose devotion to the
Prophet was suspect but who could captain a vessel like
no man alive or dead. His depredations grew to legendary
proportions and even began to interfere seriously with
the flow of treasure from the New World

At this point, the elders of Clan Lasombra decided
that enough was enough. Their attempts at using their
pawns to capture him, however, merely sent more Span-
ish ships to the bottom. When they concentrated the fleet
on the home ports, he laughed and took his ship across the

Atlantic to Port-au-Prince. Never captured or even seri-

ously threatened, Lopez became the bogeyman that the
Lasombra frightened their childer with. It is highly dubi-
ous if many other of the antitribu have such frightful
prowess with cutlass and cannon as Lopez; nevertheless,
itis the image of the pirate, laughing at the head of a band
of equally adept renegades, that costs many Lasombra

elders more sleep than they would care to admit.

Lopez has not been seen in over 30 years. Last glimpsed
in the vicinity of Dimona, Israel, he would seem to have
Gichergeneto ground or begun preparacions {or somenew

assault on his formerclan on ascale previously unimagined.

Clanbook Lasombra @


VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
<0 Expanded Background

Allies

Influence

Clan Prestige

Mentor

Contacts, Minor

Resources

Contacts, Major

Retainers

~<0<04
Gear (Carried)

Possession:

Equipment (Owned)

Feeding Grounds

Vehicles

Havens

Description


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Nature:
Demeanor:
Concept:

Attributes

Physical
@0000000
@0000000
@0000000

Strength.
Dexterity.
Stamina

SO ss Abilities

Talents
Acting __00000000
Alertness, 00000000
Athletics___00000000
Brawl. 00000000
Dodge. 00000000
Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation. 00000000
Leadership__ 0 0000000
Streetwise. 00000000
Subterfuge. 00000000

66S Advantages

Disciplines
Dominate___00000000
Obtenebration_o9000000
Potence 00000000

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Social
@0000000

Manipulation___ @0 000000

Appearance. @0000000

Charisma.

Skills
Animal Ken___00000000
Drive. 00000000
Etiquette. 00000000
Firearms. 00000000
Melee. 90000000
Music 90000000
Repair. 00000000
Security____00000000
Stealth, 90000000
Survival, 90000000

Backgrounds
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Clan:
Generation:
Haven:

Mental
Perception @0000000
Intelligence. @0000000
Wits____— e¢0000000

—=e 4 OO
—_——eeeeeVuq5Ows

Knowledges
Bureaucracy. 00000000
Computer. 00000000
Finance. 00000000
Investigation, 00000000
Law_________00000000
Linguistics 00000000
Medicine. 00000000
Occult. 00000000
Politics. 00000000
Science. 00000000

————————— ee
SSS

Virtues

Callousness. @0000

Instincts.

Morale.

@0000

$0

a

—-—= Other Traits

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Path of

o000000000
—=——<= Willpower ——=-

0000000000
OOOOOoOoOoOo0O0

—-——= Blood Pool ———

OOOOOoOoOoOo0OoO0
OOOOOOoOoOo0oO0

Health

Bruised

Hurt -l

Injured 1

Wounded 2

Mauled =

Crippled 5
Incapacitated

———= Weakness =~
Comet be seen in minen orn

other

Attributes:7/5/3_Abilities
ms

:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)
—


VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Merits & Flaws
Cost Flaw Type Bonus

E08 0) = Fy perience 107 05>

TOTAL: TOTAL SPENT:

Gained From: Spent On:

<i Derangements== Hr = Derangements =e
Name Name

Conbatooooooooo— OHH

"i Brawling Table
Range Rate
Sy Maneuver Accuracy Damage
5

6
Grapple 6
Claw 6
Kick

Body lam

Armor:


VAMPIRE: The Masquerade®
Histo
Prelude

Title

Packs Led

Significant Accomplishments

08S Appearance
Age.

Apparent Age.

Date of Birth.

RIP.

Hair

Eyes.

Race.

Nationality.

Height

Weight

Sex

SO 0 Visuals

uv
Coterie Chart Character Sketch


Bos ee EEE NE —

CLA & Boo e Ke

JMBRA

From their webs of shadows the
Lasombra guide the destiny of the dread
Sabbat. Unseen even by mirrors, these
lords of darkness glide through the
night they rule, orchestrating the rise
and fall of Kindred and kine alike.
From the Sahara Desert to the Spanish
Main, from the monasteries of Seville
to the mean streets of New York City,
no other clan so embodies what it
means to be a vampire.

Clanbook: Lasombra includes:

¢ The history of the clan and the foul
diablerie of its progenitor;

© Details on the clan's sinister rites
and depraved games;

e New Merits, Flaws and
Obtenebration powers.

Games for Mature Minds . 56504-2 11-5

SuiTE 100
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

GAME STUDIO