# File: Libellus Sanguinis I - Masters of the State.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

~ A-SOGRCEBOOK FOR VAMPIRETHE DARK HGES:.



CREDITS

Authors: Craig Bolin, Richard E. Dansky and Robert Hatch
Developer: Justin Achilli

Editor: Allison Sturms

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout & Typesetting: Richard Thomas

Interior Art: Jason Felix, Michael Gaydos and Eric Hotz
Front Cover Art: John Bolton

Front & Back Cover Design: Richard Thomas and

Robby Poore

Figs 735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
Seek. SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, CA 30021

USA
PUBLISHING

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and blank
character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only.
White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and
Mage the, Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf Pub-
lishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Aon, Werewolf the Apocalypse,
Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild
‘West, Dark Ages Companion, Ghouls Fatal Addiction, Storytellers
Handbook to the Sabbat, Book of Storyteller Secrets and Libellus
Sanguinis Masters of the State are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, placesand
text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference toany company or product in these
pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and
themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and
intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is
advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

SpECIAL THANKS To:

Larry "The Therapist" Snelly, for working through my
issues on Giovanni.

Andrew "What Closet?" Bates, for remaining firmly
therein.

Phil "Back to Your Tower" Brucato, for the Mage histori-
cal game name brouhaha. In E-mail. At length.

Katie "Out, Out, Damned Book!" McCaskill, for working
on the Wild West layout until smoke seeped from her eyes.
Oh, wait, that was the cigarettes...

Charles "Enforcer" Bailey, for keeping those receivables
coming in by whatever means necessary.

Brian "Dick Clark" Petkash, for cuttin' loose on the
GAMA dance floors.

Mike "Bargain Basement" Tinney, for the less expensive
option on my Henry Rollins book proposal.

Rob "Mere for Hire" Hatch, for knowing the bottom line
in all affairs.

Fred "Rescue Me" Yelk, for catching the Madonna bug at
Old Wave.


Book One: Magisters ~ THE LASOMBRA
; ANSE I
# Book Two) EgNDS- THE TZIMISCE &f\\)),

™

CONTENTS


ae

Fall on us and hide us from the face of him who is
seated on the throne
Revelation 6:16

Who rules the night? The Childer of Caine.
Whether by mandate of God, Lucifer, common
weal or the simple right of strength, vampires
are the undisputed lords in darkness. Tempt
not the fickle whims of a ruler of the Blood, for
their wrath is as boundless as their immortal
unlives.

way




Introouciorse
Novo to Use This ook

What you hold in your hands is the first book of the Libellus Sanguinis series. In each of these "Blood
Diaries," we plan to examine three clans united by acommon theme. The theme of Masters of the State
is, obviously, the ruling class of Cainites as embodied by those three clans that most often involve
themselves in the affairs of nations.

The Lasombra, Magisters and lurkers in darkness, differ from their modern counterparts in their
(albeit underhanded) nobility. As there is not yet a Sabbat in existence, the Lasombra instead devote
their efforts to controlling lands on both sides of the Crusades.

Likewise, the Tzimisce are a fractious and territorial lot. Less related to freakishness and countercul-
ture at this time, the Fiends are more ancestral terrors, tied to the sickness and magical fertility of their
vaunted hereditary lands.

Finally, the Ventrue are perhaps the most different and simultaneously the most similar to their
modern namesake. How did this clan of noble lineage become intertwined with the more "common"
business of trade and commerce? And how do the Ventrue still manage to maintain their virtual
stranglehold on political power?

All these issues and more are discussed within. Take care, though, gentle reader; do not become
embroiled in these Cainites' plots and machinations. Vampires are eternal creatures, remember, and you
are but a mote in the wind to their whims.

SORMIAT

The arrangement of the topics in this book closely resembles that of the Clanbooks. Imagine this
tome asa collection of three small Clanbooks and you will know precisely where to find the information

you seek.

Part One — Each clan bears its own introduction, designed to give you a sense of what the
clan's beliefs and outlooks are.

Part Two— The clansare very active in the Dark Medieval world. This section discusses what affaif
they conduct and where their interests lie.

Part Three — All of the "gamespeak" is presented in this section, along with details on the clan in
question's nightly unlife.

Part Four —Character templates, for the use of Storytellers, players, or both, are collected here. Use
these as you will, but don't expect them to be flat, stereotypical members of their respective clans.

Part Five — Despite all pretenses to the contrary, no Cainite clan is as infallible as they would have
you believe. What grave mistakes have the clans made in the past? What dark secrets do they hide? Look
here to find out

A VYOoRD On Vlevo Traats

This book includes many new Traits for use in your stories and chronicles. Remember, however, that
Vampire: The Dark Ages is a game of horror and mystery. If you, as a player, know about the secrets that
aclan possesses or the powers it wields, a good bit of the inherent, unknown sense of horror disappears,

For this reason, talk to your Storyteller before assigning your characters any Traits contained within
this book. She may prefer that you be unable to use a certain ability or command a certain Discipline

By the same token, Storytellers, feel free to adjust, modify, treat as dictum or altogether throw out
any of the ideas herein. It's your chronicle, and who knows better than you what would create goosebumps
on your troupe's flesh?


cna, a ae

= LESS

‘Dd understand dbrahinsaid with
coeliberate slovoness "that
business in the land of the Cnaflish
The Wloots hand ocifted lazi a

firme ith inf music
eaned over the cailing and gazed

south over the sea.

‘Oehas finished his business good
Ibrahim the Wloots companion
aon ‘St is his pleasure he

OWws nove wil is Hilde and
the training thereol Seated and

holdin oblet of wohl
have de Batata tice, Ria
VYusui follovoedhis fatagto ah geal (

the Ss ‘Ave wu 1 that
anxious lor his here


Ibrahim's handsome features twisted into a frown. "Not
for his sake, no, but to see an end to this bickering. Montano,
the others — even our father — the old ones can't be bothered
with resolving this. They just laugh and compare the whole
matter to something they saw among the Romans, and then
they go back to their dances and schemes for a hundred years
hence. Boukephos is the only one with his feet in this cen-
tury."

The other vampire idly stirred his drink with a long, thin
finger. "And are you so anxious to accept the Greek's ruling,
just for the sake of having matters over and done with? There's
more to you than that, my friend." He took his finger from the
drink and sucked on it blissfully for a moment, then returned
to his idle stirring.

The Moor shrugged eloquently. "What else is there?
Discover what the graybeards would have of us do, then
dance their steps to the best of our abilities.

To act otherwise is to invite the longest
sleep, is it not? I just wish an end to

this bickering between we "chil-

dren." By the dozens we claw each

others' eyes out, and for nothing! All

our plans will be for naught as soon

as Boukephos — or one of the other
withered blossoms masquerading as our elde
— deigns to tell us what to do."

Me:
TS

"And what," said the seated man, lean-
ing forward with a terrible light in his eyes,
"if you could change that?"

Ibrahim snorted in disbelief. "You've been
alone with your poems too long, Yusuf. What
could I do?"

"Make the decision for them. Unify the
younger ones under your banner. Present
Boukephos, when he finishes his sojourn,
witha deed already done. And ifthe old ones
care so little for our al-Andalus as to ignore
its disposition, then you have nothing to fear
from them."

"But to act would be to usurp their privilege!

"Or perhaps they have deliberately left this opportunity
available, to see who will be so bold as to seize it," Yusuf said.

"It could be." The Moor turned back to the sea, looking
at the distant silhouette ofa ship making for the African shore.
"It could well be. But," and he turned once again, "why do you
tell me this, old friend? We're of an age in the blood. Why pass
the cup on to me, instead of taking it for yourself?"

Yusuf shrugged. "Would you believe that it is because
you're better suited for it? | miss al-Mutamid's gardens and
musics, the poets he'd invite to read to us — that was my age,
Ibrahim. I'm not a soldier ora king, I'm a courtier froma court
long gone."

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

"Patience, Yusuf. There will be other poet-kings for you to
grace with your presence."

"But none like Seville's was, a bird escaped from Allah's
garden for an evening's sojourn on earth. Those eyes, that
mouth...."

"And he ended that night driving the donkeys of his
conquerors. Ah, well, perhaps not." Ibrahim frowned. "But
you still haven't answered my question."

Yusuf regarded his friend for a long moment. "You truly
wish to know? Very well, then. I believe this inaction on the
part of our elders to be deliberate. They are testing us, Ibrahim,
looking to see who among us will seize the moment. They want
to see who is worthy of survival. Those who fail will be culled,
like stallions incapable of speed when the wolf draws near."

"Or perhaps," Ibrahim said softly, "they wish to see which

of us might eventually prove a threat."

There was silence for a long moment.
usuf put his goblet on the polished
wood of the tabletop and stood.
"Perhaps," he said. "I had not
thought of that."
"You hadn't?" Ibrahim quirked an
eyebrow. "Prophet's beard, Yusuf, you're
a better liar than that."
Yusuf blushed
which Ibrahim only laughed. "Oh, don't be so

a very human action — to

serious, little courtier. I can see now what you
intended — that I should work to unify our
squabbling siblings, and that in gratitude for your
suggestion I would keep you close to me. Then, when
Delgado and Tariq and the rest of the old ones
plucked my flower for fear of finding it a bitter
weed, you would be there, my humble vizier, the
safe choice to assume my position. Is this what
you had intended?"
Yusuf stammered and took a step back.
"[brahim, surely you cannot suspect me of this! Two
hundred years we have spent as friends — all of al-Andalus
would not tempt me to betray that!"

"Probably for the best then, poet," the tall Moor said as he
turned back to the sea, "for | don't think that any of us will have
al-Andalus to offer you." A chill breeze whistled in off the
water, and far below spray danced at the top of the waves. "An
interesting effort, Yusuf, but you had more subtlety a hundred
years ago. You're getting old."

"As are you, Ibrahim. A hundred years ago you'd have
killed me on the mere suspicion." Yusuf picked up his goblet
and contemplated the workmanship. "Perhaps it is for the
best."

Ibrahim drummed his fingers on the railing. "Perhaps it is.
So, Yusuf, when do you think Boukephos will return?"


‘One does not necessarily control a kingdom by control-
Biking, Afterall, if the king has an advisor whose word he
ts and whose advice he follows, control of the advisor
rants influence over his liege. And if that advisor has a
, well, then controlling that mistress grants power over
advisor, and surely a doxy is easier to subvert than a
iiliminister or a king. So, the Lasombra reason, why
le to command a king when the same results can be
ined with much less effort and fuss?

For the Lasombra don't wish to control kings per se, or
kingdoms. They wish to control for its own sake, and to

isall, andan all-consuming passion it is. While most Lasombra
to play upon the stage of state — it is, after all, where
stakes of the game are highest — others prefer to duel on
points ecclesiastical, or to tame beasts and horses. The details

he imposition of Lasombra will and control, and the demon-
‘tration that both are ineluctably superior to anything others

Waar' INA
AME:

The epithet by which others know the Lasombra is
Magisters, the Latin term for either teacher or master. The
‘Lasombra themselves refuse to comment on which interpreta-
tion they prefer, though there is no doubt in the minds of other
Cainites.

DEMOGRAPHICS

The Romans called the ring of lands around the Mediter-
tanean the Orbis Terrarum. Here is where the empire's secret
Masters may be found, even to the present night. With the
exception of Egypt, the entire region is encircled by lands the
Lasombra call home. While they are more common in Italy
and the Iberian peninsula, there is no shortage of Lasombra
among the Crusader kingdoms or in France. North Africa is

rom Vackess
Y Sinet me

more of a haven to the Lasombra than to many clans, but the
religious asceticism of the Almoravids of the desert is always
the most welcoming.

Northern Europe is relatively free of Lasombra, save in
great cities and strongholds of the Church. Normandy holds
few Lasombra, but Paris and Cluny have both known their
share. Scandinavia is free of the clan's shadowy touch, though
some Lasombra have been known to spend a year or three
"vacationing" in new-born Kgbnhavn to revel in the long
nights that northern winter brings.

England has perhaps more than its share of Lasombra,
particularly near the Channel. With the hostilities between
Plantagenet and Capet, there has been more than enough
movement back and forth between the sceptered island and
the continent, and enough warfare and diplomacy to sate the
greediest Magister's palate. With that in mind, many Lasombra
flock to London, Calais, the Cinque Ports and other locales
where the powers that be congregate. Others find Canterbury
asignificant lure, and there have been mentions made of some
sort of link between the clan and the untimely demise of
Thomas Becket. Certainly a man who played the games of
church and state with such consummate skill would have been
of interest to the Lasombra....

THE RANKS

The Lasombra are almost overwhelmingly male in the
elder generations. It is said that Lasombra himself will not
Embrace a woman, for reasons he has never elucidated, and so
it falls to his childer, and their childer in turn, to produce
Magistrae as well as Magistri.

The Lasombra look for three things in their childer. The
first, and most important, is excellence. They search for the
very best, whether in the council chamber or the cloister.
However, as very few peasants have the chance todemonstrate
even their most sterling qualities in a place where a Lasombra
is likely to notice, the second criterion for the Magisters is
nobility. Obviously, there is some disagreement over what

BOOK ONE: LHSOMBRA


r

>.

min

constitutes nobility; is it breeding, bearing, mien, wealth?
When in doubt, however, the Lasombra tend to test the oldest
Cainite axiom: Blood will tell

The third qualification for consideration is the telling
one, however: ambition. Talents without the will to put them
to use are worthless. Noble breeding and the allegiance of
thousands are useless without the desire to rule more. Diplo-
matic brilliance without the desire to use it to seize advantage
is a waste. This, at least, is the Lasombra position on the
matter.

And so, the ranks of the Lasombra are filled with priests
who would be Popes and counselors who steer the fates of
nations. Noble bastards and unmarriageable daughters, driven
by resentment of legitimate brothers who have stolen their
inheritances, make perfect fodder for the Lasombra. So do
second and third sons, raised to noble expectations with
paupers' purses, and able men of undistinguished lineage, who
find their ambitions to be greater than any reasonable expec-

tations.

TAWA

The estimable Boukephos claims that the Lasombracame
to Italy with Azneas' crew, abandoning the supposedly idyllic
Carthage. Such a romantic origin would certainly help ex-

A common practice,

) x¢ ‘
articularly on the Iberian peninsula, is the disposal of unwante:

plain Lasombra-heavy Rome's antipathy toward Carthage.
However, factual evidence to support the notion is lacking
other than the elder's word, of course.

/hat is indisputable, however, is that the Lasombra have
been in Italy since time immemorial. Their presence in Repub-
lican and Imperial Rome has been carefully documented, and
even in the Mother of Cities' darkest hour they did not
abandon her completely. While the year A.D. 69 saw the
beginning of the exodus of the Magistri from Rome to her
colonies, a core group of Lasombra elders and their loyal
childer remained in the city through thick and thin. Even the
sack of Rome in 476 was not enough to drive them off; they
stayed to rebuild with the Emperor Flavius Zeno and the
Church.

For the Church was the great magnet that attracted new
Magisters to the city after centuries of long, slow decline. With
clergy Embraced and the faithful ghouled, not to mention the
stealthy growth of the Cainite heresy, there were more and
more places for Lasombra in Rome. Most historians mark the
Benedictine expansion that began in the late fifth century as
the moment when the Lasombra intertwined their destiny
inextricably with that of the Church; it was at this point that
more and more land began to fall into the hands of the clergy
as the secular power of the empire moved east

potential heirs by means of the Church. With high child mortality rates, disease, warfare and the
dangerous "sports" of the nobility (not to mention the odd poisoning, assassination or duel), nobles
who wish to be assured of their lines' survival are well advised to have multiple children. However,
this strategy predicates upon having only one survive to inherit (or at least on making suitable
matches for the excess) and doesn't always work out as planned. Having too many heirs can lead
to sibling rivalries of deadly intensity; extra sons of royal houses can be (and often are) propped
up to lead rebellions. Nor is divvying up inheritances always feasible; wealth is not necessarily
mobile, and it does a younger son no good to inherit a dozen suits of armor — with nowhere to store
them and no way to transport them

Furthermore, out of wedlock dalliances produce more than their share of noble (and royal) by-
blows, any of whom can at least make matters sticky for a so-called "legitimate" heir. The
presentation of a bastard can also be used by a noble's enemies to discomfit or humiliate him at
acritical juncture. An unacknowledged wearer of the bend sinister is a disaster waiting to happen

The solution that many despairing fathers seize upon is the Church. Excess children, bastards,
daughters past marriageable age or lacking suitable dowries — all are given to the Church. The
they are cared for, allowed to fill a useful rol ind kept out of the political arena.

Very few of those thus inured in cloister walls go willingly, and from their ranks, the Lasombra
recruit heavily. Afterall, these bastards and sec«
been trained in the arts of ¢
an ambition fueled by hatred and an undying ang

d sons have blood as noble as any, and many have
yvernance and war. In addition, though, these shut-aways also share
rat being excluded from their birthrights.
Such vengeful almost-nobles make excellent Magisters indeed

US SANGUINIS 1


R« HER

Considering the bond between the

Magisters and the Church, it is a surprise to
| relatively few Lasombra in the Eternal
City itself. Only those elders who have dwelt

here since pagan days, and some of their less

Iventurous childer, still maintain residence

n Rome proper. There are many servants of
he Lasombra — ghouled devotees of the
Cainite heresy and suchlike — in the city,
orking the Magisters' will, but few actual
isombra
It is the surrounding papal states, not to
mention Sicily to the south and the King:
Jom of Italy to the north, that are Lasombra
rongholds. Rome is perceived as more of an
icon, an altar on which Magisters the world
er can lay their ambition as offering.

Tothe Lasombra, Italy fairly bubbles with activity. In the
north, debates over the nature of government and mastery are
Put to the test as empires invade, kingdoms tumble, opportu-
Nistic merchants rise and the free communes of the Lombard
Teague join with the Pope against an emperor.

Northern Italy also offers the best opportunities for those
fare Lasombra with mercantile ambition. The most powerful
trading houses reside in the Italian city-states, and their reach
extends from the Holy Land up to England. Forsome Magisters,
the thrill of controlling a trade route is as visceral as manipu-
ating the destiny of a kingdom might be to another; plus,
working the merchantman's game allows the Lasombra to
indulge in one of their great passions.

Tue SEA

There has always been a strong love of the sea inherent in
the Lasombra character. This seafaring streak finds expression
inthe mercantile wars of the Italian city-states. Genoa, Pisa,
Byzantine-backed Venice and others all took to the waves,
defending (and seizing) trade rights by force of arms.

Many Lasombra dabble in these conflicts, though per-
hapsnotfor the reasons one would expect. While the Lasombra
political interest in Italy is strong, Magisters are not behind
the trade wars. Rather, they're in the middle of them —sailing
With war galleys, leading raids and thoroughly enjoying the
whole experience. In just this one instance, the spirit of the

moment is more important than the political repercussions of

later days, and even many of the most reserved Lasombra give
in to abandon when the sea calls and the promise of spilled
blood beckons.

In this one instance, and for this one reason, lapses in
dedication to greater plans by Lasombra are sometimes for-
given.

BOOK ON!

: LASOMBRA


Many Lasombra have taken to piracy, often preying on
the ships backed by the Genoese, Ventrue and other groups.
Such affairs are swept under the table by the Amici, whosee the
matter as an expression of healthy competition.

SICILY

Nowhere is the shadow deeper in Europe than on the
island of Sicily. Held by Moors and Genoese, invaded by Pisa
and conquered by the Angevins, Sicily is where all the
disparate strains of Lasombra are on equal footing. Any
Magister can find his own kind here, and indeed, the island is
Many Lasombra
pirates base their operations here, and Syracuse seesa constant

theclosest thingtoahome the Lasombraha

traffic of black-sailed ships under the moon.

THE FATHER AND
THE SON

There isacity on the island of Sicily that Cicero defended
from its rapacious governor centuries ago. Outside of that city
is a castle, built by a long-dead Moorish engineer for an
unliving master. The castle is, by all accounts, impregnable; as
a reward for his pains, the architect was killed and his fleeing
soul imprisoned so that he could never reveal the secrets of his
construction to an enemy.

This is the castle of Lasombra himself. It has no name,
though the local peasantry calls it Castel d'Ombro — the
Castle of Shadow. There are many servants in the castle, but
they never speak. To doso might wake Lasombra from his fitful
slumbers and that would mean death.

For Lasombra spends most of his nights sleeping, wander-
ing the Earth in dreams. He still awakens occasionally,
sometimes to feed, sometimes merely to go where his wander-
lust takes him. The: ; while they
last, the main gates of the castle remain open to await his
return. Just because the gates are open does not mean that they

sojourns can extend for yea

are unguarded, though, and no uninvited guest has walked
through the portal and survived. Indeed, no Cainite has even
dared to attempt entrance in centuries.

Lasombra is not the only Cainite in residence, though.
Generations of his childer, grand-childer and so on cluster
under the Antediluvian's roof. There they spend their nights
politicking, debating, playing chess and otherwise whiling
away the years awaiting Lasombra's commands. Many of the
oldest Lasombra dwell here, close to the heart of the clan's
power. Magisters newer to the blood flock around them,
anxious to emulate the manners and intrigues of their betters.
Even notorious wanderers like Boukephos occasionally so-
journ to Sicily to pay their respects and indulge in the latest

gossip among their brethren.


,
:

Amici Noctis

iends of the Night are those Lasombra decreed by

{ their peers as being worthy of setting policy for the
he clan — at least on matters that Lasombra himself
interest in. Membership among the Amici isan honor
rivilege, and the responsibilities that come with mem
are taken very seriously indeed.
ere are no limits on the number of Lasombra who can
wo the Friends at any given time; there is room for all
ho have demonstrated their worthiness. However
admission is neither quick nor easy. Prospective can

nust be sponsored by a current member and observed

wer a period of years. The would-be Amicus is

r ingenuity, capability, honor and most impor

trength of will

ce a Lasombra (as, obviously, only Lasombra are eli
has been deemed worthy of admission to the Amici, she
marily abducted by her sponsorand certain other Friends
veas witnesses. The candidate is then sealed ina room

lly bel

lly below ground; great monasteries are often used for this

) thar has heen prepared so that no light may enter,and
is left there for a period of up to a fortnight. During that
re, the Magistra is expected to come to terms with Darkness,

sternal and external. There are no distractions in the

hamber, nothing save the Cainite and the dark

t times, the Amici pick their candidates well, and the
end of the Night comes forth with a better understand

f both the darkness and herself. Other times, mistakes

been made. Such errors are disposed of. Rapidly

\ new Amicus is informed of her few duties as a member

v¢ Friends. These include, but are not limited to, settling

ters of local policy in debate with other Amici, sitting on

f Blood and rendering judgment, enforcing dictates of

i and disciplining Lasombra who act contrary to the
best interests

It must he noted that most meetings of the Amici are
| inal affairs; they take place after a midnight mass or a
jue. Only in moments of crisis are all of the Friends
ned together and then, usually, just to hear Lasombra's
Montano's — will. These grave gatherings inevitably
place in the darkened halls of Castel fOmbro. Regional
rings of Amici are more common, particularly in al

Jalus. Still, there is no set schedule or format to these

ings unless a Court of Blood has been called. In that case,

vever, things become excruciatingly formal

| Coarts OF BLoop

A Lasombra is not truly a Friend of the Nig

atuntil the first
] ¢ he has sat in judgment on the worthiness of a fellow

agister to exist. It is the ultimate affirmation of one's own
] we in the clan when one's peers have willingly handed over

matters of life and death. Indeed, the matter is so exhilarating
that most Lasombra voluntarily restrict themselves to only two
orthree turns onacourt per century. Those who take too many
additional trips behind the bench are themselves watched
carefully

Most courts have three to five judges, though when the
»ssible Amaranth is brov

matter of an elder's zht up, as many

15 13 Lasombra have sat in judgment. It matters not how long
1 Lasombra has been an Amicus; when a court is called (and
they seem to simply coalesce when the time is right, often
when a sufficient number of petitions have built up to remind
ges. A

judge

the Amici of the need), all Amici are eligible to be juc

Lasombra not 10 years under the shadow can be called t

1 Cainite Embraced when Brutus' wife complained of the
sheeted dead walking the streets of Rome; an elder of 15
centuries' vintage heeds the word of a Magister 50 years
undead. There are no exceptions

Debate in the courts is open, and often the petitioner is
privy to it. On rarer occasions, the defendant is brought in as
well. The decisions of the court are always final, and any

attempts to tamper with the process are dealt with harshly

THe Bint N yy VERDICT

All Lasombra, from the rankest neonate to the most

august childe of Montano recognize the infallible and indis-
m made by a court. Whether or not

putable nature of a decis'

they agree with it is another matter, but a decree issued by the

Amici might as well be an 11th Commandment

damage done by a Court of Blood!

Perhaps the grave
damning verdict is notin the approval of the Amaranth but in
the reasoning behind it. A Magister on the receiving end ofan
Amaranth approval has obviously incurred such wrath and
disfavor among her fellows that they deem death the only
amenable solution to the problem she presents. Rather than
dispute it (as the court's word is law), some disaffected con:
demned actually end their own unlives when they hear of the
verdict rather than wait for the inevitable night-shrouded

execution at the hands of their killers

BEYOND THE Ft

Most Lasombra will never join the Friends. Such Lasombra,

ENDS.

while they have recourse to the Courtsof Blood, have no voice
in matters decided by the Amici. When a decision comes down
from the Friends, a "lesser" Lasombra has two choices: Obey or
risk the wrath of the Friends. Most choose to obey

Young Lasombra often seek to join the Amicéand, assuch,
ire usually punctual with their compliance to the wishes of

their betters. Older Magisters, particularly those who have

seena few centuries and have no prospects of elevation, are less
willing to submit to the Friends' will. Some few of these have
gone so far as to plot rebellion, though no real threat has ever

emerged from these cabals of the disaffected.


LAE

Mn

Fi

When Lasombra is in residence and awake, he is the
undisputed master of his castle. Even in his sleep, he often
makes his presence known to his guests and servants. Shadowy
figures with Lasombra's features patrol the halls; beasts made
entirely of blackness squat on the battlements to stand silent
guard.

However, when Lasombra wanders or slips into deeper
slumber, itis Montano who reigns in his stead. Montano is the
only childe to whom Lasombra speaks regularly, discussing
future nights, the war with the Germans encroaching on the
north of Italy, and other such inconsequentialities. In his sire's
absence, Montano is the sovereign of the Castle of Shadow.
His word is law, and he administers honorable and fair justice
to his siblings, nieces, childer and less identifiable blood
relations. For this fairness, of course, he is hated by most, but
respected and feared by all. In the centuries of Castel d'Ombro's
existence, not one attempt has been made to diablerize either

the sleeping Lasombra or his favorite childe.

Montano rarely stirs from the castle these nights, content
to stare over the ocean from the towers of his sire's manor. As
of late he has been increasingly concerned with the matter of
the Reconquista, as both Moorish and Christian Lasombra
have petitioned him fora ruling as to which side of the conflict

the clan supports

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

There are many members of Amici Noctis in the castle, but
Montano has decreed that any affairs of the Courts of Blood are
to be resolved off of the island of Sicily. He has also sworn to
punish any transgressors personally, a threat that carries enough
weight to keep violations of his decree to a minimum.

Drvipep LOYALTIES

The Reconquista is probably the most important issue
before the clan today, even more so than the perpetually
unstable disposition of Italy. In Italy, the enemy is plain to see:
the Germans and their Ventrue backers. Internecine squabbles
mean nothing when the chance to demonstrate superiority
over the self-styled Patricians arises. When the Hohenstaufens
come calling, there is no question of the appropriate Lasombra
response.

However, things become a trifle more difficult when there
are Lasombra on both sides of the issue. And so, from Granada

Whodo
? Almohad and other Moorish Lasombra call for a

to the heart of the Castle of Shadow, the debate rages
we support
halt to the Reconquista, while the scions of the Church demand
that the Saracens be expelled from Europe. (Removing them

from the Holy Land is, at this point, too much to hope for.)


Lasombra himself has evinced not a whit of interest on
issue. When pressed by his childer, he likens the situation
Bie wars of Pompey, or perhaps Alexander's "Battle of

itably reveal itself. Montano is not much better, admit-
preference for the taifas but softened enough by centuries
g the Romans to see merit in the Spaniards as well.
Among the newer generations, though, the battle for
ja is a much more personal thing. As many of these
mbra have been taken from the ranks of the noble families

heritage and wealth, that are being contested by armies
j,as such, they often come to blows on the issue. A great

zealous have taken to ghouling troops regardless of

al or clan consequence
Thesituation has gotten so bad that the Amici Noctis have
ban on petitions based on one's political

ainites involved in the war are too young — or too feckless
fo belong to the Friends of the Night, the debate among
ven the Amici is heated. Debate, however, is what it remains
g the friends. Even those of the Amici who have friends,
family or lands in the contested kingdoms know that in the
this, too, will be another footnote in history. What

fers less than how al-Andalus is governed is by what
jods that governance is enforced, by whom and how

HT's VIGIL
Perhaps the most famous Christian hero of the Reconquista
Rodrigo Diaz de Bivar, also known as El Cid. While popular
impiric rumor painted de Bivar as a Cainite, or at least as a
ghoul, there was no evidence that the captain was ever
"anything more than human (though a superb e
species).

mple of the

The Spanish knightly orders consist of

De Bivar's bones lie, untroubled, in the Cathedral at
Burgos, across the peninsula from his beloved Valencia. The
cathedral itself sits at one of the more important stops on the
Pilgrim's Road to Santiago, and more than one Lasombra has
journeyed there.

It has become something of a ritual of passage among
young Christian Lasombra of Spanish heritage to spenda night
in silent vigil before the tomb of El Cid. As there is a strong
undercurrent of faith that permeates the very floors of the
Burgos Cathedral, this task is more difficult than one might
imagine. To win the adulation of his peers and the (imagined)
blessing of the departed de Bivar, the Magister must endure the
unceasing pressure of faith instilled by all of the pilgrims and
holy men who have passed some time in the cathedral, all
without uttering a single sound. Furthermore, he must remain
at the bones of the hero until sunrise and do so in perfect
solitude. This puts the onus of honesty upon the vampiric
squire, though lying about one's vigil comes with disastrous
consequences. The members of Amici Noctis always seem to
know, somehow, when a postulant has not spent the entire
night in the cathedral, failed in his pledge of silence, or worst
of all, profaned the hero's bones with the drinking of blood
They take appropriate action to punish such transgressions.
On the other hand, those who admit failure, while duly noted
as weak-willed, are not usually punished.

The true hazard of the vigil, apart from the failure of will,
comes from Moorish Lasombra who see the practice as insult
ing. Should a Magister of Islamic blood hear of a vigil in
progress, he may attempt to disrupt it by any means necessary
By tradition, a Lasombra keeping vigil by El Cid's grave is
permitted to defend himself, and many epic duels between
Cainites have been fought with only the bones of El Cid to
witness them.

¢ Alcantra, founded in 1156. The Order of San Julian del Pereiro is the original name of this

rder, but the name of the group changes in 1213.
* Calatrava, founded in 1158 by Sancho III of Castile to hold the recently taken city of Calatrava.
th the order of Alcantra and that of Calatrava are Cisterian orders
¢ Santiago, supposedly founded in the 10th century but not confirmed by a pope until 1175

These three orders function primarily in al-Andalus, crusading to expel the Saracen invader from

rian peninsula. As one might expect, certain Christian Lasombra with a political agenda hav
ested interest in supporting these very effective military forces against the Almohads. While these
frones never actually Embrace members of the orders — to do so would have been, in some strange
ense, dishonorable — there is no hesitation about supporting them with money or grants of land.

LASOMBRA


art Sn

THE MasrTer's
House

There are very few dwellings that Lasombra consider to be
suitable for long-term occupation. While traveling, of course,
they make do, but when it comes time to return home,
Lasombra are very selective about their circumstances.

There isa significant minority among the Magisters in the
holy orders. These vampires dwell within fortress-like monas-
teries and abbeys, often in monastic asceticism. However,
ascetic does not mean foolish — these monasteries and nun-
neries are as grim as prisons and twice as defensible. Thick,
brooding walls and heavy gates, not to mention full comple-
ments of truly faithful clergy and servants, serve as more than
adequate protection. As the concentration of faith in such
defenses provides a potentially fatal threat to the guarded
Lasombra as well, these Magisters must burrow themselves
into the heart of their labyrinthine homes. A delicate balance
must be maintained between piety and avoidance of the truly
pious, otherwise the Lasombra may find himself destroyed by
his own protections.

Some holy ground contains such a concentration of faith
that it causes agony for a Cainite to stand upon it. Such places
are well known among Caine's children and are avoided for
that reason. Not surprisingly, certain Lasombra have made a
practice of desecrating such sites and then usurping them,
trusting residual faith and long-standing reputations to keep
intruders out.

Monasteries such as this also squat atop massive under-
ground complexes of monks' cells, confessionals, storerooms,
and other, less identifiable chambers. If the resident Lasombra
areatall involved with the Cainite heresy, itis in these tunnels
that the devotees of this deviant faith meet, far from light and
life. Here is also where less savory members of the clergy come
for their illicit trysts, and where recalcitrant initiates are
"disciplined." What other uses these chambers see can only be

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

imagined, though innumerable stories have been whispered of
torture and murder, even those of prisoners locked away and
forgotten until their very bones crumbled to dust.

There is usually some form of subterranean path out of the
monastery that can be reached through the underground
complex. Many monasteries resemble fortresses in other ways
as well, having large supplies of food secreted away, indepen-
dent water sources and smithies that can easily be turned to
armory work.

Ona less martial note, monasteries also house vast stores
of knowledge in the form of books and scrolls. These manu-
scripts, both ancient and modern, are a powerful resource, and
may well be one of the reasons the Lasombra originally moved
into the Church. After all, a scroll rescued from the wreck of
one of the Greek colonies in Asia Minor just might contain
information about a Cainite who dwelt there — or at the very
least, insight into her background and deeds. Any of these
might be key in understanding (or eradicating) the Cainite in
question; it isa truism among the Magisters that one can never
have too much information on an opponent.

Access to Lasombra-held libraries is tightly restricted as
the Magisters have no wish to share their treasures with
competitors. It is a signal honor for a non-Lasombra to be
granted access to one of the Magisters' libraries. Furthermore,
any vampire to whom this gift is granted incurs a weighty debt
to the Lasombra that will undoubtedly someday be called
upon. Asan added matter, any and all visitors are chaperoned,
usually by both Cainite and mortal guardians to make sure no
materials go out on unauthorized, extended loans.

Part and parcel with libraries, however, are librarians —
monks who are literate. With literacy at a premium outside of
monastery walls, the advantage inherent in potential control
of the largest demographic of those who can read is incalcu-
lable. (Consider this: The laws of the land are, of course,
written. The only ones who know what they actually say are
those who can read. Literacy by no means has honesty as a
prerequisite. The rest is left as an exercise for the student.)


THE Lost VISAGE

Tris well known that Lasombr:
reflections ina mirror. Some stori
d thus by Caine for some unknown transgri
sclaim that the Devil took their reflections when they
to call upon darkni ter than his own. (The latter
is technically heresy and will
with religious |

no Lasombra ownsa reflection. Once

face cannot be seen ina mirror, a pool

puddle of quicksilver or any other reflective surface.

a result, certain other Cainites have taken to placing

Strategically in havens and palaces, for the sake of

fdentifying any Magisters present. However, the Lasombra
Wve taken advantage of this quirk as well (see below).

Without the benefits of reflections, Lasombra tend to
Obsess about their appearances. Many will have manservants
ghouls whose sole function is to dress and groom them and
ite repeatedly how superb they look. The position of "body
phoul" toa Lasombra is one calling for much discretion, as the
Ghoul is the Magister's almost constant companion. A few

gisters, perhaps focused a tad too thoroughly on their
Himages, pay Tzimisce vampires outrageous sums to alter the
features of their body ghouls to mirror their own. The body
@houl then becomes a walking, talking, faux-mirror for the
mpire, fussed and fidgeted over to a disturbing degr

Eyen the most sensible Lasombra, however, are partial to
BeelF own image, and most sit for at least one portrait

ry year. This practi most common among Magisters

en one and three centuries of age, who often fill entire

leties with portraits of their own image. More than one

itorhas remarked upon the unnerving sensation of walking

idors lined entirely with variations upon thesame face and
features.

4,

TT

Ofcourse, woe betide any mortal painter who is so foolish

<2

SS
oS

ox.
SS 35

Wto render a portrait of a young Magister that is less than

BSC cs5
> Se

Mattering. While many of the clan's more practical elder
Members appreciate an accurate recording of their appear-
"ance, younger ones just coming to grips with the loss of their

=
SZ

Ses

Teflections often have somewhat....id 1 memories of what
hey actually look like. When a portrait fails to live up to their
@uphemistic expectations, these young Magisters can get
Upset — with unfortunate consequences for the artist.

Islamic Lasombra scrupulously avoid this sort of portrai-
ture and, indeed, most forms of representative art.

Lx
ELSE

KL
oI
pees
Q

iz

LAS

%
iz


My Dearest Lucita:

Beloved childe, you were right about the level of
degradation to which Amicus Noster Omar has sunk.
he attended the revel last evening and was permit~
ted, in accordance with his station, one attendant.
Said manservant was a ghoul, and indeed we ex-
pected no less. After all, Omar was not re quired to
provide us with refreshment, as our goodly host had
prepared a feast indeed. I wish you had been with us
to share it. No, it was the visage of this attendant
that causes dismay in me to this very hour and which
can even replace the image of your loveliness before my
eyes.

Vanity, childe — he has fallen to that deadly sin
and refuses even to own his transgression in the
confessional.

For, as you undoubtedly know by now, the ghoul
wore Omar's own face. he boasted = the fool boasted
as to how much he'd paid a Bulgar Tzimisce to do
the work for him. The ghoul was even dressed in the
same raiment, down to jewelry and blade.

Omar positively cackled about the entire un-
scemly display and showed off his toy in obvious hopes
of soliciting compliments on its appearance. The rest
of those assembled, to their credit, maintained their
composure until Omar left. As all of those remaining
were of the Amici, I took that opportunity to bring
forward your petition, so superbly phrased.

And so, my darling Lucita, my shining light, I
have the pleasure of informing you that your petition
has been granted, with one condition.

You may, at your leisure, hunt down Omar y Sion
Cedefto and commit Amaranth upon him. he will not
be informed of this decision by the Amici, and we
expect your hunt will be swift. however, ere you
a or blade on Cedeiio, you must first destroy the
ghoul with his face, and in such a manner that Omar
understands the message perfectly. Youmay, of course,
do with the corpse as you wish afterwards, but first
you must lay utter ruin to that mockery of a face. Our
reflections have been taken from us for a reason and to
attempt to recapture them is to thwart God's will.
You will be the instrument of holy vengeance for that
presumption, beloved childe.

My faith in you, as is my faith in all things, is
absolute. I look forward to hearing successful tidings
of your hunt, my darling daughter.

Your Loving Father

Ambrosio Luis Moncada

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

Mirrors

Lasombra, of course, cannot be seen in mirrors. On the
other hand, this enables the Magisters to make certain unique
defensive arrangements to their havens. Any Lasombra dwell-
ing has approximately a coinflip's chance of being positively
bespangled in silvered glass, with the front vestibule looking
like a veritable hall of mirrors.

The advantage of this arrangement is purely strategic.
While the Lasombra lord of the manor has no reflection, the
same can't be said of his visitors — friendly or otherwise.
Indeed, any Lasombra worth his salt will have arranged his
mirrors so that he has reflective lines of sight all through his
haven. An intruder to a Lasombra haven, thus, has all of his
actions observed from the instant he steps through the door
until such time as the master of the house decides how to
dispose of him.

Ofcourse, this tactical consideration has been completely
misunderstood by members of the other clans. Instead of
pondering just why the Lasombra, sans reflection, insist on
bedecking their homes with mirrors, the members of the other
clans just mutter about Lasombra vanity and an unseemly
idolatry. This misunderstanding serves the clan's purposes
even as it slanders its reputation, a tradeoff which the prideful
Magisters will accept without taking bloody offense — for
now.

Houses, MANORS AND

CASTLES

Much of European castle-building technique was taken

from firsthand experience with Islamic fortifications in the
Holy Land. The Lasombra, with tacticians and observers on
both sides of the line (that line was never drawn as clearly
among mortals as some depressingly literal propagandists and
Ventrue would like it to have been), were in perfect position
to take advantage of this information before anyone else.

Naturally, they did so.

And so, castles in regions where Lasombra hold sway
often have all of the advances Islamic science can offer: curved
towers to reduce the effects of battering rams, concentric
constructions with lines of inner defense, projecting towers
that flank exposed walls and all of the other latest innovations
for defense and murder. While it is unlikely that a Lasombra
owns such a castle, it is probable that any Magister dabbling in
politics will make certain that one is constructed near his
haven. Truth be told, however, very few mortal lords need
much manipulating to see to their own defenses. It's just that
the Lasombra prefer those defenses to be convenient.

VIAE

It isnot surprising that a clan that ties itself to the Church
has many members who walk the Road of Heaven. Indeed, Via
Caeli is by far the most popular Road among the Magisters,


\

C ALR

modified version of the Road of Chivalry espoused by Islamic Lasombra focuses more on
1 and one's superiors than on one's duties to mortals (who, after all, are one's inferiors
respect). While this modified Via still sees the mistreatment of mortals asa sin, it does

ut of respect for station

ly those of devout Catholic faith (in life or death).

Stresses of unliving existence mount, however, this

Sometimes becomes harder and harder to follow, at least
aresult, there have been any number

That is not to say, however, that all Lasombra seek
taven. Those of Moorish or Berber origin generally start on
Road of Chivalry, though a somewhat modified version

The Lasombra are remarkable among the clans for the
érnumber of their ranks who honestly, devotedly believe
teachings of the Church. The Magisters have a higher

d many of those Lasombra who serve in the Church have

Tet their unliving state alter their belief.

This would seem a paradox, and for many, the conun-
im remains insoluble. A good many Magisters fall away
om faith, embracing the secular exclusively. After all, even
he Most devout sometimes have trouble reconciling the acts

are sometimes prone to fits of self-loathing
their perceived failures, and at such times, they are
ed carefully by their fellow clan members. More than

to confess the horror of his existence.

ately, there is usually enough advance warning for this

of maneuver to be subverted, with the receiving confessor

gamember of the Cainite heresy, or otherwise disinclined
Teport what he has been told.

than out of concern per se. Hospitality should b

provided to other

they are peers, or at least the closest one has to peers.

On the other hand, there are many Catholic Lasombra
who cling to their faith after death, and the rituals of the
Church are still vital to these clan members. Outsiders see the
adoption of a church-like structure by the Magisters as mock-
ery, but in truth, it is a gesture of reverence for many
Furthermore, many Lasombra bishops, archbishops and other
clergy held those positions in life. Unfortunately, others see
their new state as a chance to reject the trappings of the
Church in their entirety. Such Lasombra are responsible for
the poor reputation Magister religious practices have among
others; they are the ones who hold the rites and rituals up for
derision by imitating or twisting them

Confession, in particular, is one of the ritual holdovers
from life that is held in high esteem. This is not, as one might
expect, done for the sake of information gathering or black-
mail. Rather, there is a genuine respect for the notions of sin,
penance and absolution with which few dare meddle. Further-
more, justas in mortal society, there are "fashionable" confessors
and "unfashionable" ones, and being invited to confession at
the haven of a notable Magister is both an honor and a
privilege.

Then there are those Lasombra who come from the ranks
of the clergy —a fair number, if rumor is to be believed. While
some of these drop from the ranks of the faithful and a great
many more were of a secular mind to begin with, there remain
those who took their mission seriously in life and continue to
do so in death. These Magister clerics tend to fall into two
categories.

Most associate themselves with the so-called Cainite
heresy, which subverts the notion of transubstantiation with
aLollard-like logic, offering the body and blood of Cainites for
communion. This is a relatively easy path to follow, heretical
though it may be. While nota true version of the faith, it offers
enough familiar rites and rituals to be comforting, and the
danger of being discovered or surprised by a holy man is
minimal

Some, however, take the harder road. They continue in
practice and observance, even to the point of maintaining
their positions in the actual Church as long as they can. These
Lasombra are not only religious, they are actively faithful
and that makes all the difference to them. Mind you, such
vampires do not have easy consciences, but they do have

LASOMBRA


callings that they cannot deny. In the words of Archbishop
Mongada of Madrid, "I believe, with a perfect faith, in the
Church and in all of its teachings. By those teachings, I am
damned; this, too, I believe. Yet if my damnation be the price

of others' salvation, I shall accept it even as Our Lord accepted
his suffering as the price for the salvation of mankind."

As one might expect, Mongada has never had the oppor-
tunity to take this notion up in ecclesiastic debate. Many
Lasombra are fond of arguing theology, though, and will spend
nights debating similar issues. Novice Magisters are warned
with the apocryphal tale of the Lasombra who were so thor-
oughly absorbed by their debate on the nature of Cainite
damnation that they were taken by surprise by the rising sun
and found the opportunity to test their theories immediately.

THE ANGELLIS ATER

Archbishop Mongada's attitude is one that is shared by
other Lasombra, but there are some who take his point a trifle
too literally. Seeking redemption by plumbing the depths of
damnation, ot possibly seeing further sin as a form of self-
flagellation, they delve deep into depravity. Not content with
simply mocking Church rites, these walkers on the road of
damnation have begun to create their own rituals involving
sacrifice, baths of blood, the sharing of blood from chalicesand
other acts of foulness.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

Decried as heretics by those who fear the wrath of the
Church, these Satanic Lasombra practice a deviant path of the
Via Diabolis (which actually shares a great deal with the Via
Caeli, interpreting the Cainite as the minion of the Devil
instead of God). Whereas most Dark Medieval conceptions of
infernalism are solitary pursuits, the angellis ater, or black
angels, work with unprecedented cooperation in the interests
of serving their unholy lord. Many angellis ater organize them-
selves in covens of five to 13 members. These covens actively
encourage infernalism and blasphemy, and it is not unknown
for particularly efficient angellis to turn entire villages to
Satan's bidding through subtle coercion and blatant, sacrile-
gious displays of vampiric power. Angellis ater are arguably the
most vocal proselytizers of the Lasombra, entreatying more
potential converts than the Church itself.

Obtenebration is the ultimate manifestation of Satan's
will on Earth through the vessel of the Cainite, according to
the doctrine of the angellis. The shadows conjured through its
practice are not woe-begotten "inner darkness," as so many
Lasombra believe (to the ridicule of many angellis), but rather,
black shades brought forth from Hell itself. Other Cainite
Disciplines are extensions of Lucifer's blessing by the same
token. Thus, the vampire exists solely to spread the Devil's
work in the physical world.


urprisingly, ingellis ¢

gellis ater survive the purge of fthe Inquisition in the years to come. This is quite
, as the Inquisition holds the destruction of this type of Satanic coven dear to their purpose.

theless, the black angels escape the wrath of the Church by possessing an uncanny degree of
sto the comings and goings of the Society of Leopold. One might even believe that they had
n the inside

llis ater mesh seamlessly with the Sabbat's formation after the Anarch Revolt. The
ic, evil vulgarity of the faction contributes a great deal to the sect's destructive bent, and many
ibra neonates (as well as those easy "converts" from other clans) uphold the tenets of the Black
Elder Lasombra, particularly those who pre-date the Sabbat's formation, regard this philoso:
1 "passing phase," much like mortal adolescence; but nevertheless, the numbers of

L-worshipping Lasombra remain prodigious in the 20th-century World of Darkness.

d this they do with abandon. The angellis ater are a However, there is one constant in all Lasombra Embraces.
On the countenances of other Lasombra, actively cor- _ Inall cases, the sire-to-be must ask the one she would grant the
the dogma of the Catholic Church into a twisted, Kiss if he truly desires it. To Embrace without permission,
ck parody of grandiose scale. freely granted, is the worst offense a Lasombra can commit. In
rae those cases when the Embrace is given involuntarily, unless

R FAITHS y

; the circumstances are extenuating to an unbelievable degree,
, if any, Islamic or Jewish clergy have taken the

ity to join the Lasombra. If nothing else, the faiths
Strictures (see below) make the idea of becoming a
pire problematic.

the misguided sire is routinely punished. Torpor is the least one
can expect in this situation; most offenders of this ilk are
summarily destroyed. The wrongly created Cainite is some-
times destroyed; other times he is given the choice he was
denied before. Such Lasombra rarely rise to join the ranks of
Amici Noctis. Their origins are seen as tainted, and as such,
clanhas been tiny thus far, even in comparison tothe they themselvesare seen as not quite being up to standard, Not
of Muslims. The exclusion of Jews from most social
iscourse in the Dark Medieval world makes
Unattractive candidates for Lasombra Embrace. Those
§ who are brought under the shadow are often those

surprisingly, involuntary Lasombra resent this treatment and
tend to keep to themselves. Indeed, many have an adversarial
attitude toward the more mainstream members of the clan,
adopting an "us-against-them" pose that masks some very real

ted financially to local power structures, though cer- hostility

ombra elders have a soft spot for the occasional false Cite resacaing We tt eaettagly all polley imei orieine

se fro Be ‘s ot e's Je A a
iho rise from the ranks of Europe's Jewry in the Lasombra's estimation of themselves. After all, the

Mers of the clan want perspectives from both sides of the
ta, as they have not yet decided which side to

port. North African and Moorish Lasombra tend to Em-
from among their own, as Christian Lasombra do the
@ This regrettable parochialism has led to more than a bit
as to what the "true" direction of the

Magisters view themselves as the creme de la creme of the
vampiric population, taking only the noblest and most capable
mortals to swell their ranks. A young Lasombra should not
have to be coerced. Lasombra heritage should not be forced on
anyone — it must be offered as a precious gift. The potential
Lasombra should be made aware of what he is being offered and
what an honor it is and then allowed to choose freely.

fFtolquiet even the most rabid advocate of a purely If the candidate chooses to accept, the Embrace occurs

—or European — clan. ;
I clan, without further delay. If the candidate refuses, he is given one

HE EMBRACE night to reconsider his decision and warned not to discuss the
matter. It goes without saying that during that time, he will be
under surveillance, and should he prove himself indiscreet, he

mbra do not bring newcomers into the clan ran- a : P fee

hastily or clumsily. They study their potential childer
y, often for years at a time. Many Lasombra deliber-

is considered to have rejected the offer. What follows is brief
and bloody but not unpredictable.

Ifat the end of the 24 hours, the candidate has proved his
discretion and still refuses, he is usually sorrowfully killed. Very
few have refused the Embrace and been permitted to live, ifthe
thwarted sire has tremendous respect for his victim's nobility

LASOMBRA


Ss
Da

or talents. However, the rumors about El Cid notwithstand-
ing, no one is ever offered a second chance at immortality —
at least not by the Lasombra.

AUMARANTH

It has been said that murder, like love, should have no

witnesses. Among the Lasombra, however, this is most em-

phatically not the case. In cases of the younger generation

devouring the elder, the more witnesses to the deed, the better

— within certain parameters, of course.

To prevent excessive Amaranth and, more importantly,
} tokeep
about which of their progeny had patricidal intentions, in
recent centuries the Lasombra have formalized a practice

n members from wasting too much energy worrying

more or less in effect since Roman times, if not before. The
( idea behind this codification of Amaranth is as old as the
by

( concept of parents and children: By controlling the proce:
which a childe commits Amaranth, you control the frequency
of Amaranth as well. There's more to the matter than that, of
course, but that simple principle lies at the heart of the Courts
of Blood and saves the Lasombra from the internecine strife
that afflicts so many other clans.

THE PROCESS
Any Lasombra may petition for permission to commit

Amaranth. It is simply a matter of giving a member of Amici
Noctis a written request for the Friends of the Night's sanction
for the deed. Ideally, the petition should also contain the
reasons that Amaranth is necessary, when there 4
(« permanent but le:
\ misconduct, incompetence, derangement and so on are all

equally

re

radical options available. Evidence of gross

considered suitable additions to a petition for Amaranth. On
to the weight of her petition, but if sufficient evidence is not
presented properly, trial never reaches this stage.

The Courts of Blood themselves meet irregularly, usually
when a crowd of Amici have gathered and one or more has

\W

been presented with a petition recently. There is no statute of
limitations on this process. Some verdicts have been handed

Cai {
ee)
\

down in hours, others in decades. More than once a young
Lasombra who has pestered Amici for swift resolution has
found that resolution not at all to his liking. In this, the courts
are teaching tools, imbuing those new to the blood with
patience. (And if a Lasombra cannot control himself to wait
for the answer to the question he has asked, that demonstrates
quite well that the petitioner most clearly does not deserve to
have his request granted.) There is method to the agenda of
) the Courts of Blood, and any who fail to see it will most likely
find their dealings with the courts to be less than pleasant.
On average, one petition in ten is granted. However,
) there are always terms and conditions set upon court-sanc-
tioned hunts. These range from a demand that the hunter
inform the prey of his intention, to barring the use of Disci-
plines in the hunt, to a mandate for the slaughter all of a

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 1

—
SASS

THE Road To AMARANTH
A Young MAGIsTER's PRIMER

1 - Decide on a target. Collect
evidence of his incompetence. Forging
evidence is excusable: getting caught

doing so is not

2 - Draw up a petition outlining the
offer of the elder you wish to com-
mit Amaranth upon. Take pains to point
out how the elder's actions are damag
ing to the clan as a whole. Provide. if
possible. suggestions as to how another
might handle the situation better - never
mentioning yourself by name. of course.

3 - Locate a friendhy member of
Anvci Noctis and formally present him
with the petition. Make certain to ex-

press the depth of your gratitude.

4 - Mention your petition casually to
any and all Amici you know but without
being pushy. If they are unaware of the
specifics of the matter. do your duty to

your clan elders and enlighten them.

5 - If called before the Courts of
Blood to testify. be respectful. All other
affairs pale in significance to this one.

ow proper deference to your elders

at all times. and pay very careful
attention to which of your judges seem
to favor your suit. The others are the

ones you have to watch out for.

0 - If given specific instructions by
Amici. follow them to the letter - and
obtain proof that you have done so.

Demonstrate planning and pa-
tience in your hunt. Haste makes waste.
particularly when you are hunting a
Magister more powerful than yourself.

8S - Don't petition for permission too

often. Ambition must be tempered with

respect. Too many appearances before

the courts and someone else just might
ask the Amici about you.

VVy

ighouls before moving in for the kill. There is only one
ition that remains the same from hunt to hunt, though.
fatter what, the end of the chase must be witnessed. The a tA ra
fanth cannot be performed in solitude. At least one ane
ister who sat on the sanctioning court must be present to Ly 4.
Bs the act of diablerie, to verify that all conditions have
and that the act of Amaranth is completed. Should
ftheconditions not be met, the courts' representative will
Amaranth from taking place. One does not ask
fion and then flout the will that grants it.

if
ts

«
n

ful. While
fulstrength of purpose can take a Cainite far, the powers
Not so easy to defeat. Thus, wiser petitioners wait

too direct an approach almost always fail.
ius, the Lasombra cull their own ranks, neatly and with
. Overly greedy childer are spotted early and ad-
atthe same time, those young vampires with potential
in the petition process. And, if an elder
ito an ambitious and properly respectful youngster, so
the better for the clan. Obviously, the elder did not
his position; it is far better that his strength flow to one

iigreater capabilities.

iriind destroyed as quickly as possible, with news
Mette spread far and wide. This is the stick to the courts'
E The combination works most effectively.

Lasombra have no equals among the Cainites. Ask any

aand he'll gladly tell you so. This is not to say that

Nbra don't have respect for Cainites of other clans; they

foften see those others as equals. Naturally, other vam-

otice (and do not appreciate) this condescension, but

ftunately, the Lasombra hold a position of strength. With
bly the strongest Church ties of any clan, a deep-rooted

Bee in the corridors of power and a loyal contingent of
aiteson the Saracen side of the Crusades, the Lasombra are
led s0 thoroughly that taking offense at Magister

le percentage of the ranks. While the Assamites are
ginthe Levant, as compared to the Lasombra concentra-


Setites in Egypt) provides fora comfortable buffer between the
two groups. This allows them to respect one another's faith
without encouraging the messy details of Almohad decadence
in Iberia or Alamut's split with mainstream Islam to cause any
sort of schism. Islamic Lasombra have reasonably friendly
relations with the Assamites and have even cooperated with
them onseveral ventures aimed at reducing the Setite strangle-
hold on Egypt and the surrounding lands.

Christian Lasombra, on the other hand, are perceived as
being the shadowy hand behind the Crusades and, as such,
have the Saracens' undying enmity. There is, of course,
enough truth to this rumor to make it difficult for Christian
Lasombra to deny it, and so when Assamites strike at Cainites
in the Holy Land, Lasombra are often their first targets.
Unconfirmed, but eminently believable, is the whispered
news that Assamites have agreed to help sway the Lasombra
to the defense of Islam in the matter of the Reconquista,
primarily by assassinating proponents of Christian annex-
ation within the clan.

BruJAH
The Brujah control the beginning of the Road to Santiago

sombra hold the rest of its length; this is perhaps
the only thing these two clans can actively share. While the

while the

Ventrue claim the successes of the Punic Wars as theirs and
theirs alone, both the Brujah and the Lasombra know better.
The Rome of Publius Africanus Scipio was controlled from
the shadows, not the council room. For that truth, the Brujah
hate the Lasombra almost as much as they hate the Ventrue,
which actually concerns the Magisters a bit.

For now, the Brujah are in al-Andalus. The fledgling
kingdom of Portugal is there, and itis in that kingdom that the
Brujah have decided to make their new Carthage. While the
Lasombra don't see the Brujah as much of a threat (numbers
and resources both work against them), a policy of contain-
ment has been instituted. The Brujah can have Portugal if
they want it; through the royal confessor, the Lasombra have
a port of entry any time they wish it. In the meantime, the
Magisters have their own concerns. Let the Brujah try to
rebuild a city that's been lost too many times; that way they're
not disturbing anyone else.

On the other hand, the Magisters make every effort to
eradicate the few Brujah who ensconce themselves in the
independent commune-states of central Italy. Zealots who
can be isolated and controlled are a nuisance. Zealots in the
heart of Lasombra power, dangerously near zones of conflict,
must be destroyed.

And thus, whenever possible, they are.
CAPPADOCIANS

The Lasombra have no use for the Graverobbers. While
the Cappadocian devotion to study and faith is admirable, the

fact remains that with the Cappadocians, there is never any end
result. There is no way to measure success or failure of any

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

given endeavor; there's just one field of study after another
The Lasombra find this maddening. Regardless of whether
Magister is trying to tame a horse, maneuver the destiny 0
kingdom or reduce a single soul to ruin, there is always
moment a Lasombra can point to at which there is success
failure. Not having that moment of closure drives Lasombii
absolutely mad.

Ergo, Magisters cannot comprehend the Cappadoci
character in the slightest. Seeing as the Graverobbers hat
little interest in politics and little use for the Church, excep
as part of an empirical experiment on religion, the Lasombr
do their best to ignore the Cappadocians. For the most
this makes both clans quite happy.

FOLLOWERS OF SET

As one might expect, there is no love lost between
Serpents and the Magisters, though the antipathy is mostly of
the Lasombra side. As the Setites predicate their actions on
subverting the wills of others, it is not hard to understand w
the Lasombra loathe them. There are Lasombra fingerprint
all over the Crusader incursions into Egypt, while the Setite
seemingly have set their sights on converting the Magisters,
masse, to their viewpoint.

The Setites have had just enough success in this endeavo
to make the Magisters extremely wary. Not surprisingly
Lasombra work hard to neutralize and destroy any Serp
they come across, particularly in sensitive locales such
Sicily.

Furthermore, the brazenly pagan stance of the Serpent
offends the devout among the Lasombra to no end. While
other clans have mostly made some adaptation to the Chu
(or to the diametrically opposed Islam), the Setites' deb

worship isan insult to all faithful Lasombra. Even if there'
no other reason for the Lasombra to hate the Serpents, f0
Cainites such as Archbishop Ambrosio Luis Mongada andhis
ilk, the Setites' faith in their "dark god" would be sufficient
GANGREL

Formal Lasombra contact with the Animals is so inffe
quent that it may be considered nonexistent. The Gangrél
haunt the wild places of the north and east; the Lasombr
prefer the civilized south and west. While Gangrel going
viking are always a concern, the Lasombra prefer to leave th
Animals to their own devices. Simply put, the Gangrel ha
nothing the Lasombra want, and neither they nor their
pawns are enough of a threat to anything the Lasombra
dear to provoke a response from the clan as a whole.

Young Lasombra who run afoul of Gangrel — even fatallf
so —are looked upon with derision by their peers and elder
It is a truism among the Magisters that Gangrel are genera
so simpleminded and unsophisticated that any Lasombra'
thy of the name should be able to tie one in knots.


ocked away — or carefully controlled. It is not a
dence that seers and madmen are often linked, for they
monly one and the same. The challenge for the

, then, is to cultivate the one without being misled

Hy Rome. To this night, many Lasombra hold the
nsand Ventrue equally responsible for the ruin of the
never mind the empire. Lasombra who have seen at
centuries have no love for the Madmen, and in

, demand a reckoning for the blood of centuries

inately for the Malkavians, such Lasombra are fewer
and often occupied with matters on Sicily or in al-
Magisters of newer vintage sometimes, cautiously,

alkavian counsel, anonymously if possible.

are some flavors of fervor that make even the most
mbra uneasy. The energy with which the Lepers
hemselves into acts of self-flagellation and penance is
even those Lasombra who are overtly Christian can

. Tothese Lasombra, Nosferatu are anathema, no
valuable their information might be. Less scrupu-
haveused their position inthe Church, however,

fasombra don't like Ravnos. Ravnos are bringers of
st, arguably more so than the Malkavians, and can
destructive chaos into a Magister's most carefully
However, bitter centuries of experience with the

s has demonstrated the folly in attempting to deal

m directly; let the Ventrue announce their bans and

es, then suffer the consequences. Instead, Lasombra do

iains of others. In Italy, for example, many Lasombra
best to help passing Ravnos migrate — due north.

There are several things the Artisans and the Magisters
in interest in the Church (though for different reasons),
ated estimate of their own worth and a concern for

beautiful things. As such, while the Lasombra still regard the
Toreador as feckless and the Toreador see the Lasombra as
soulless, members of the two clans still come to frequent
accommodations.

Rome, in particular, is an area of confluence for the two
clans. Many Toreador seek patrons within the Church, while
Lasombra princes of the church are more than happy to
sponsor those artists who will proclaim God's glory and their
own. The art of the taifas is another magnet to Artisans of more
artistic taste, and traveling to Grenada, for example, requires
obtaining permission from those Lasombra whose domains the
traveler would cross. Of course, the Lasombra are only too
happy to grant this permission, in part to demonstrate to the
rest of the world the quality of their possessions, and also, in
part to remind the curious Toreador of the favor for ever after.

TREMERE

Among the Lasombra, there is a grudging respect for the
way in which the Tremere seized immortality for themselves.
On the other hand, admiration for the performance of a
difficult feat does not mandate an admiration for the ones who
performed it, and few Lasombra see anything worthwhile in
the Tremere. In fact, the Tremere are viewed almost as a more
dangerous version of the Cappadocians, less learned but with
a will to put their knowledge to practical use.

The war raging between the Tremere and Tzimisce suits
the wishes of the lord of Castel d'Ombro and his childer. With
luck, the Usurpers and Fiends will eliminate each other
without ever stirring from their Godforsaken corner of the
world to trouble the night in better places.

TZIMISCE

The alliances one makes are sometimes curious. To the
Lasombra, rulership is all, while to the Tzimisce it is merely a
means to an end. Dealing with a Tzimisce is often an exercise
in futility for a Magister, for the Fiends rarely have use for what
the Lasombra offer.

Still, there isan undeniable nobility to the Tzimisce, alien
though it might be. Like the Lasombra, the Fiends understand
their place in the world to be above the ruck and run of mortals
— and other Cainites — and from that shared elevation,
something of an understanding has grown up. The Lasombra
and Tzimisce may not like each other, but they understand
each other on a certain level and that makes for a degree of
acceptance, if not trust.

‘VENTRUE

If the Lasombra see themselves as those who control
events and master policy, then they perceive the Ventrue as
petty nobles fresh in from the hinterlands, too stupid to use
anything but the sword to get their way and holding to no
civilized standard of honor. The conflict raging in northern
Italy — particularly with the imposition of Frederick II as
emperor and later the Hohenstaufens, has only exacerbated
this disdain. "Who are these Ventrue," the Lasombra ask, "to

BOOK ONE: LHSOMBRA


5 use brute force to steal what we have labored to create?"
4 < Concordat of Worms, which reinforced papal independe
; cae the victory of the Church-backed Lombard League of
cities over Emperor Frederick Barbarossa I at Legnano,
Hi —" passage of Sicily to the Angevins and thence to the house
LN a Awe Aragon — all have the hallmarks of Lasombra disdain for
: Ventrue.

Matters are not quite so bad in the Holy Land, alth
Islamic Lasombra do make it a point of picking off Ven

\ = ¥ whenever they can. However, the Lasombra-backed Spanis
| ii 3 knightly orders work well with those that have links to
| \ Ventrue. The common enemy takes precedence there, th

\\ a Lasombra still hates to see a victory or even credit given
a Ventrue.

of the Lasombra, mistaking rulership for dominion, mani
of behavior for honor, and the occasional triumph of b

0) In the end, though, the Ventrue are just a pale imitati
'

0

y force for skill.

$ O's OTHERS

Aw OS os BAALI

To a true Lasombra, any Cainite who exchanges
freedom of will for power, even if that power is enough toa
Heaven itself, is a fool. To make a master of a devil is the
of acoward who fears his own mind; should Satan step fortht

Earth, many Lasombra will greet him with respect but with
subservience.

et, the Baali have

nd they made

poor trade to get it. And, while the effects of Daimonion

certainly deserving of fear, the wielders of that power

<< empty shells, not even worthy of pity. To a Magister's way:

‘ = A thinking, a Baali should be treated exactly for what hei
° ees A dangerous vermin.

SALUBRI
| : BE The clan is split on the matter of Saulot's childer, pri
‘mt Se rily because of Saulot himself. The rumors that swirled aro
iq "fy bg "74 the father of this bloodline when he returned from hissoj
east — talk of deals struck with beings who drank not jt
blood, but also life itsel

Foraccording to the Lasombra minds
power. Whatever they know is borrowed,

, stories of shambling corpses contd
ing souls escaped from Hell, and monstrosities that dri

green worms, all bent to Saulot's will — were disquieting.
the other hand, the hatred the Tremere hold for the Salil
makes it worthwhile to support the Healers, if for no of
reason than to watch the Usurpers' impotent rage.

Tue Kiasyp
° Meddle not in the affairs of wizards, some say, for they
> tricky bastards with the moral sense of a worn-out boot.
was the le idly into
roots of Obtenebration learned during the reign of Julian
Apostate.

son certain Lasombra delving haph:

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

NY, 28

ical accounts of the occasion, lovingly kept by
ticipant in the drama, indicate that the re-

fae whom the vampires had captured, as well

essences and other, less identifiable, things.

ient, however, came when the three trafficked

[or shaman from one of the countless Teutonic

fain something the sorcerer labeled the "blood of

‘god of the underworld."

a5 actually in the potion the wizard sold was

d deal more interesting — what, exactly, no

but not quite what the hapless Lasombra

his sponsors were aiming for. As all of their

calculations" were based on the supposition that

en sold the real goods by the mysterious wizard

, was never heard from again), it was not a
the experiment went horribly wrong.

was rapidly changed by the substance he

fing taller, thinner and even paler. His eyes

s of inky black, his skin acquired a sheen that

Fa glow and his features took on a pronounced fae

to say, other Lasombra noticed.
, the clan elders were displeased, not with
ely impressionable Marconius (who had not been
shadow and, in all probability, had been tricked
the tainted blood) and certainly not with his
snewstate. Interestingly, the two Cainites who
the changes in Marconius did their best to disown
for their handiwork, but to no avail. Innocent to
"of his mistake, Marconius identified them with-

ders in the vicinity were livid with the whole
authorized blood experimentation? Trafficking

s (and then not even discovering the wizard's
isk of offending the fae? All of these were

s that the noble experimenters had neglected to

it. For their carelessness, they were destroyed.

s himself was exiled from Lasombra company and
tocteate childer. However, most Magisters held the
iat the strange-looking vampire would not be long

b One elder even mentioned privately that he'd
Tet Marconius go because he'd received word from
lords that they were interested in punishing the
late test subject.
perhaps, a mistake; the Unseelie fae apparently
hold up their end of the bargain. Instead, as rumor has
pey fae actually aided Marconius with his studies of
ion, and even bestowed some of their magical
him. Those who deal with the Kiasyd have
these enigmatic vampirescall their fae (or perhaps

fey?) powers "Mytherceria," though they are known to still
practice the Lasombra Disciplines of Potence and
Obtenebration as well.

Marconius and his line were not heard from by the other
Lasombra until late in the 12th century, when they resurfaced
in Strasbourg. Many members of Amici Noctis recognized
Marconius from the panicked Ventrue reports of the "strange
creatures" who had driven them forth. There followed a brief
and hurried consultation of the Friends of the Night, at which
point it was decided to do...

..-nothing. After all, Marconius was bothering the
Ventrue, and Strasbourg was hundreds of miles from areas of
Lasombra strength.

These days the only point of contact that the Kiasyd and
Lasombra have is at the library. As research seems to be the
primary focus of Kiasyd existence, and as they have shown
remarkable persistence in going after materials they desire (to
the point of walking through walls to get them), Amici Noctis
have decided to humor those few Kiasyd and allow them
to Lasombra-held libraries. The Kiasyd
seem to hold no residual grudges over the ill treatment of their

reasonable acc

progenitor, and Marconius himself has stated that he is "past
the need for vengeance." While this is something of a small
relief to those Lasombra actually involved in Marconius'
banishment, the fact remains that the Kiasyd are so few that
even if they did hold a grudge, they po: neither the
strength nor the numbers to do anything about it.

New Trairs

Merits AND FLAWS
RELIGIOUS PROHIBITION: (2-4 pT FLAW)

Taken from Hebrew or Islamic stock, you grew upstrongly
religious. Part of that religion, however, is a dietary restriction
forbidding you to taste blood. Even animal blood is forbidden
to you by law, and you find yourself racked by pangs of
conscience every time you feed.

This is a variable-point Flaw. At 2 points, you simply
restrict yourself to feeding on animals or blood that has been
drained by a ritual butcher. At 4 points you abstain from
feeding unless it is absolutely necessary (3 Blood Points or
less), and even then you may well fall into pits of self-
flagellating despair.

CLOAKED IN SHADOW: (4 pT Flaw)

The shadows come to you even when you do not call
them, wrapping themselves around you like a cloak in con-
stant motion. This makes you stand out in any crowd, and you
can no longer pass for "normal" even when you so wish. Other
Cainites may well avoid your company, being discomfited by
your strange affliction. Lasombra in particular find you un-

BOOK ONE: LHSOMBRA


pleasant company (+2 difficulty on all Social rolls) because
your inability to master your shadows demonstrates a failure
of will on your part

MAarkKED FOR DEATH: (2-5 pT FLAW)

The Coutts of Blood have found against you and at least
one fledgling is now hot after your blood. While you probably
can defeat this threat on your own, the wait is maddening.
Furthermore, there is the implied insult bound up in the
court's decision — your peers obviously feel that you are
incompetent and need to be replaced. After all, even if you
defeat one would-be diablerist, there is no guarantee you
won't be hunted by a second, or a third.

The point cost of this Flaw varies, depending upon the

strength of the Cainite who has been granted permission to
hunt you, the conditions laid upon the hunt and whether or
not the court has seen fit to inform you of your current status.
Consult with your Storyteller to see what the details of your

situation are — and how many she'll share with you.

PrestTiGious ConFEssor: (1 pt MEriT)

You have been granted the favor of confession with one

of the ranking priests among the Lasombra. This provides you

with access to one of the "powers that be" in the clan, as well
as providing you with a certain prestige among your equals.
Afterall, it was you who was called to the cathedral, not they

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

Of course, given time and the appropriate
you may become a confessor of this sort, granting you accesstd
all sorts of interesting information — subject to the sanctityd
the confessional booth, of course.

DISCIPLINES

Dark HuNnTER
OBTENEBRATION LEVEL EIGHT)

A Dark Hunter is a shadowy duplicate of the summoni
vampire himself. A simulacrum made entirely of shadow,
Dark Hunter appears as
right down to the weapons, clothes and so forth. (Unig

hadowy silhouette of the vampi

items will be duplicated in form, though they do not function}
Indeed, at a distance, the Dark Hunter may well be mistake
for its master.

A summoned Dark Hunter will do nothing until given}
quarry. Once the target has been assigned, however, the
Hunter is relentless in stalking him, never resting (exc
during hours of daylight) until the chase is finished. Howevey
that doesn't mean that the Hunter is stupid or self-destructivg
single-minded does not necessarily mean simpleminded,

Depending upon instruction, a Dark Hunter can
either to subdue or slay its target; in the former case, it
automatically bring the victim back to its master by whatevel


le. Contrary to rumor, the Hunter cannot van-

w and transport itself "home"; it must cover

‘of ground between it and its master. Once the

ion is accomplished, however, it vanishes in-

iming to whatever dark realm from which it came.

f To summon a Dark Hunter, the player rolls

1+ Leadership (difficulty 8), "feeds" the newly sum-

ishadow 5 Blood Points and invests a point of Willpower

creature some permanence. However, the creature

factuntil given a target and instructions. Tofixa target

fa Dark Hunter's mind, the summoning vampire must

i the quarry's to the Hunter so that it can gain

signature" of the one being hunted. Once that is
Hunter sets off at once.

Hunter possesses the same Attributes as the
who created it, down to Willpower. However, the
iuse of Disciplines is limited to Unseen Presence only.
ymost cases that is more than enough.

Night Shades (from the Dark Ages Companion),
mnters take damage normally, as well as from fire and
‘A Dark Hunter supposedly can speak (in the voice of
iric creator), but there are none alive today who can

TCHERNABOG
(OBTENEBRATION LEVEL NINE)

Far more showy than necessary, this power's name derives
from a Slavic word meaning "black god." It isa fitting title, as
this art grants its wielder the ability to literally block out the sun.

By invoking this power, a Lasombra blots out the sky with
darkness. The moon, the stars, even the sun — all are covered
by aninky black shroud that stretches from horizon to horizon.

There are precisely three Lasombra who have demon-
strated mastery of this power: Lasombra himself, Montano and
a Magister of Greek heritage formerly known as Boukephos.
These three steadfastly refuse to teach this art to any others,
and those who press too hard for this knowledge run the risk
of incurring the displeasure of these three elders.

System: The player spends two Willpower points for the
Cainite. The effects of this power last precisely one hour, at
which point the darkness fades away. The powers of this veil
of blackness are such that while it is in effect, a vampire can
walk about at midday and not feel any ill effects from the sun.
The darkness of Tchernabog is complete, and under its shadow
even lanterns and torches seem dim and weak. Otherwise the
darkness conforms to that summoned forth by the
Obtenebration power Nocturne.

ul


Uses, Apuses AND RaMor

There are some Lasombra who reputedly can see through the eyes of their Dark Hunters
sometimes even extending their perceptions across multiple shadowy surrogates. Theoretically, if
one wounds a Dark Hunter that a Lasombra is "listening in" on, one might wound the vampire as
well, but this has never been proven

It is rumored that Lasombra himself once sent a pack of Dark Hunters after Caine himself, but
the shadow creatures were unable to discover his whereabouts. Supposedly, these Hunters still
wander the Earth, searching for Caine with an devotion long since fractured into madness.

The use of a Dark Hunter to assault a rival is considered to t rave breach of etiquette among
the Lasombra, equivalent to a thrown gauntlet at the beginning of a duel. After all, no Lasombra
capable of summoning a Dark Hunter should be in the least bit threatened by one. On the other
hand, there's nothing in Magister protocol forbidding the sending of a Dark Hunter after one's
inferiors — and different Lasombra define their inferiors in different ways.


RING DARKNESS

ebration 2, Obfuscate 1

gister may use Smothering Darkness to sum-

ering shadows that immediately flock to the
tsources (torches, candles, oil lamps and the
ise them. The behavior of these shadows is
moths; they find the brightest light source
live into it in hopes of being consumed. By
power a Lasombra can plunge an entire area
<s almost immediately, rendering those un

for it completely helpless

System: Each success on a Wits + Occult roll
6) produces a fluttering shadow which then
mmediately to the nearest light source in an

louse it. These shadows can cause no damage

ll collide with other characters in their flight,
mnfusion and fear. The shadows can smother
ptothe size of a torch; anything larger requires
n of multiple shadows. As soon as a shadow
ume, that shadow vanishes. If there are more
an there are fires to extinguish, the excess

ill lap around in the dark, likely causing more
efore finally vanishing into whatever dark

nated. This power costs 9 experience

ebration 3, Auspex 3
particular skill is a matter of control and
not raw power. The wielder summons forth
ches of blackness which cover the eyes of the
Jering him effectively blind and giving hima
ippearance. Those thus afflicted may find
es in more than a little trouble with their
s who have little tolerance for the blind, and
se who appear unnatural
System: The player rolls Dexterity + Occult (diffi-
If he succeeds, he summons the darkness
illy and blinds his target. The number of suc-
ermines the duration of the shadows.
Successes Duration
one turn
one minute
five minutes
30 minutes

one hour

Additional successes produce longer effects. The
enveloping shadow cannot be removed by anything

a some

short of plucking out the eye thus covered
what drastic remedy

Note: This power affects all of the eyes of the
victim, whether he be a one-eyed beggar, a "normal"
vampire, a Salubri or the mythical Argus

Certain Lasombra have been able to create a
purely cosmetic variation on this power, covering
their own eyes with shadows while still maintaining
the ability tosee clearly. Using this power has the same
difficulty as a regular use of Shadowed Eyes but can
impose terror on any beholding it (Willpower roll,
difficulty 5 to avoid fleeing in fear). Learning this

power costs 12 experience points.

Dark

Obtenebration 3, Potence 3
Where

Lasombra tosummon forth tentacles of pure shadow to

Arms of Ahriman normally allows a
assault his foes, this bastardized power grants those

pseudopods of darkness greater strength and endur

used to dealing with the normal

ance. Cainites
manifestation of this power may find themselves fa-

tally surprised by the use of Dark Steel instead.

System: Using Dark Steel requires a Manipula
tion + Occult roll (difficulty 7) and the expenditure of

Blood Points. Each success summons forth one
tentacle, which then appears from a nearby shadow
(under a piece of furniture, from within the summon-
ing vampire's cloak, etc.). The tentacles are all eight
feet long and have Strength and Dexterity ratings
equivalent to twice the vampire's Obtenebration rat-

Furthermore, the vampire can expend a Blood

"it to the tentacles; for each point thus

Point, "feeding
spent, the tentacles' ratings increase by one. A Dark

Steel tentacle does Strength + 2 crushing damage, has

six Health Levels, and takes damage from fire and

at in addition to normal attacks. It costs 18

sun'

experience points to learn this power


Children of Varkne

LORD OF THE
CHURCH

Quote: I find your lack of devotion disturbing. However, I
had expected as much, which is why I took the precaution of
obtaining these...papers from Rome. I'll let you look them over,
then reconsider your position on the disposition of those lands.

Prelude: In an age when foot soldiers are considered
"residue" by their lords and the middle class is nonexistent, the
Church is the one avenue of social advancement for an
enterprising young man with intelligence and enough coin to
buy his way into the appropriate monastery.

Such were your beginnings, and while your
devotion to the forms and figures of doc-
trine was impeccable, your faith always
was a cold thing. You were always more
interested in your abbey's lands, hold-
ings, tithes and treasures. And, as
you showed a knack for such
things, you found yourself as-
suming more and more
responsibility for the abbey's
finance

As your control grew,

so did the influences under
yourcontrol. A shrewd dip-
lomat, you used the fear of
damnation to get landown-
ers and nobles to will
their property to the
Church so that more
and more of the sur-
rounding area became
your province.
Eventually, your
operationsattractedthe @)
notice and admiration of
a local bishop who passed
word along to his masters.
They came to visit youone
Roodmassnightand talked
with you in your cell until

nearly dawn. Before leav-
ing, though, they gave you
a day to consider their of-
fer.

Needless to say, you accepted and joined the ranks of th
Magistri the following night.

Concept: You serve as a traveling nuncio for the Chutd
and the Lasombra, working to further the ends of both. Frot
the Levant to al-Andalus, you've worked your silver-tong
magic on the recalcitrant, the fearful and the heretical, an
always both of your masters have benefited. When simp
persuasion has failed, you've been known to employ oth
methods, butalways for the benefit of the Church and thed
After all, the greater good is what matters.

Roleplaying Hints: Given time, everyone makes m
takes. That's why you're always willing to grant others tim
You are cold and calculating, yet scrupulously formal. Non
can find fault with your manners, but there's somethi
indescribably disconcerting about you. You do your best!
cultivate this discomfort in others as it gives you the
hand in your business dealings. If it distances you from othe
insocial situations, well, that's a sacrifice you're quite willi
to make.

Equipment: Habit, horse, scrolls sealed with the signets
various Church officials, crucifix and rosary, short-hat
mace

Name:
Buaver:
Cimosicue

Invligence.
Wa,

AiILITIES'
Seus

Investigation,
Law.
Linguist
Medicine
Oca
Pale
Science

Sevivl Seneschal

ADVANTAGES:
Backonounns

000000
000000

‘One Tras
000000
000000
000000

900000 WupowER—

000000 @@@@800000
oooo0000000
==Bi00 Poot =

oQooooo0000
Oooo000000

eave _
@eeeeee000


CE OF THE
IFA

And Seville wishes our help against the Christian

. It would seem that they are unaware of our
Its, no?

¢ Born into the nobility of a small city-state in the
insula, you spent your formative years learning
; soldiering and diplomacy. All three were neces-
the Christians steadily marching closer and the
fanatics in North Africa making noises about
the land of all unbelievers. Neither side promised to
sympathetic to the city of poets and philosophers
had built, so you watched your father play one side
other. He directed the Christian armies against
ifas, made all of the pious noises the
imams needed to hear and kept

the dream alive.
Q But he died, as
wn) kings are wont to do,
> and the responsibili-
ties of the throne
descended upon you.
S. You had not
learned the

dance well
enough before
he died, how-
ever, and
slowly but
surely, your
enemies
drew closer.

All seemed
lost the night the
i tall stranger en-
tered your
A bedchamber. He
commanded you

to listen to him,
i and you found
yourselfunableto
move. Herecited
your litany of
= woes and offered
solutionsto each
=\ | Fascinated, you
listened, and
= he

= ished

f

van-

before dawn.

You implemented the stranger's suggestions and lo! your
troubles lessened. A year to the night later, he returned and
noted how well you had learned your lessons. He then offered
you a place in the greatest academy of caliphs and kings, the
clan of Montano. Eagerly, you accepted, and you have ruled
from the shadows ever since. Soon, yousuppose, you shall have
to "die" and give the throne over to another, but the power will
always be yours, now and forever.

Concept: With one eye on the Berbers across the sea and
the other on the encroaching Christians, you are a player in
the great political game of the Reconquista. Keeping your own
taifa safe from the fanatics on either side is your goal, and to
accomplish it you'll gladly sacrifice whatever is necessary. It's
all politics, nothing personal.

Roleplaying Hints: The safety of your taifa comes first
and foremost. You will deal with Ahriman himself — in fact,
you suspect you already have — in order to keep the walls
unbreached. While you are still uncomfortable with some of
s the Qu'ran forbids the
drinking of blood, you find that what you have learned more

the details of your new existence,

than makes up for your discomfort. And, if tonight you can do
this for one city, what will tomorrow night hold? Or the night
after...

Equipment: Robes of state, scimitar, attendants, jewelry,
access to the scrolls of the Qu'ran

2 Gexenimonstye
Purves:

SURVIVOR
Denteawon: DEFENDER

Haven:
Crmonacu Cuwne ASOHERA (CONCEPT: PRNOEOFTHETAFA
FAUTTRIBUTES'

Pryscat Socal
Serength
Deceit
ABILITIES:
Tauents Sxus Knowurnars
Acting 900000 Animal Ken Academics,
Alerine 900000 Hearth Wisdom
Invention,
Law. =
Cngsatic
Medicine 00000

ee8000
ee0000

Ieuimsdation 000000 000000 Occuk
20000. Paitin

ADVANTAGES'
Backorounps

Virrars
ConaceeetCamrition 908.00

Sel Contrlnine.@ @ 800,

= 0000 Counge

000000 @eeeeee000 tiv eet
ecc000 qaoooo00000 "i 0
000000 Bw Poo Saeeee,

=geeees gonoooooon 6Smnenreene

—secooe AQOO0000000

as SP eS)

BOOK ONE: LHSOMBRA

a

ba

2iA

Da

Master BELOW
THE STAIRS

Quote: I am quite aware of what the master thinks he
requires. Heis, of course, wrong. Follow these instructions instead,
and remember whose displeasure you're more likely to incur by
disobeying.

Prelude: You were born to service, but never did anyone
dream that you would rise as high as you did. Anyone but you,
that is — you knew early on that you would rather die than
continue to be common. Let your dullard brothers and sisters
toil as serfs and eke out survival from the
splendor and the gold that the wealthy possessed, and
you wanted it.

Equipment: Fine servant's livery, thin-bladed dagg
abacus

So you took service in a noble house at an early age,
the age at which a young boy is likely to catch the eye of
agreat lord with tastes the Church might frown upon. And
while your duties as a catamite ended after a while, by then
you had made yourself indispensable to the household staff,
who were as nobility to the rest of the servants. Even with your
bedchamberservice atan end, you found position for yourself
among the hierarchy of servants and worked your way to the
top of it. Before long, all of the household affairs were in your
hands — the wine cellars, the kitchen, the privy purse — and
while your m: his,
you knew better. It was yours.

ster may have claimed that the house was

The local Magister agreed. He visited one night and had
a long discussion with you, primarily about whether or not it
was appropriate for a servant to usurp his master's place. Your

argument was that it was entirely correct to do so, presuming

the servant knew his business better than the master did. Nw inves BRANT Genenxnonfow
‘ Puen Drowervon: WNOWMOR HAVING a
e laughed 2 ered yi e y y Chmorcuz Cus Conenrn Mite
He laughed and offered you the opportunity to put your Wea va

theory to the test. You accepted, sensing an opportunity for ae ATTRIBUTES

even further advancement. The rest has been, if nothing else,

a learning experience.

Concept: You are absolute master of your world, regard-
less of what the lord you serve thinks. The servants are yours
tocommand, the estate's moneys yours to plunder. The house
and all decisions made regarding it are under your control, and
so is your master. While to the outside world you appear as
simply the
a few. However, those who plotted against your master have

=
Acalemi
Hearth Wisden

Serial

ADVANTAGES'
Backorounps

tate's reeve, the more sinister truth is known to

Connotea. 660

found youa far more challenging opponent than he could ever omnes

be. ———serve0 Couns.
Roleplaying Hints: Follow form and procedure exactly. nn

You know who is to sit where at the table, which wine is to be ———=se0000

(000000

served to each guest, and how much the stableboy thinks he's
getting away with stealing. Of course, you are beyond dealing
with such petty concerns yourself, and so you have one of the
other servants handle everything that needs doing. Without ae
pretensions or excessive show, leave no doubt that you are in
command at all times.

oooooo00000

== Bio Poor:
oooooo00000
Oooocooc000

Trcapaciated
= Wenn =
Cc to nate

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

The only child of your father's first wife, it
Sas if you would be his heir as well. As such, he

Stfequent as you grew older), Papa had enough
Ot for you that he gave you some leeway in your
and "unladylike" is what the others called

O cared for their opinions?
also gave you unheard-of latitude in allowing
se potential suitors. After all, he didn't want his
ure in hands that were unworthy to hold it, or so
Be y6d to be your undoing in the end,
in life, your father remarried and his cow of a

birth to a child.

ft
geable daughter

and you were the terror of your cloister until you came to the
attention of a Magistra. She had no patience for your impieties
orselfish fits but liked what she saw of your independent streak
and unexpected skills. Having said you'd rather die than
become a nun, you made good on your word and resurfaced in
the outside world as a member of the Lasombr

Concept: Accustomed to certain freedoms, you reacted
poorly to having them taken away from you. Currently you
dwell asa scandal and a thorn in your stepmother's side — she
takes your reappearance and shocking behavior as dagger
thrusts at the "family honor" she seeks to co-opt for the sake of
her brat. While none are certain of how you maintain your
extravagant "lifestyle," rumors flow fast and furious. You select
the most outrageous and fan them — it helps you pass the time.

Roleplaying Hints: You are not now, nor have you ever
been, "just a woman." Youcan run, ride, fight and do just about
anything else as well asa man (ifnot better), and you aren'tshy
about proving it. As an only child (as far as you're concerned,
your half-brother isa bastard), you are used to receiving great
deal of attention, and should others not grant you your due,
you are easily angered.

Equipment: Man's riding outfit, short sword, falconer's
glove, rosary

CVANPIRE

rma Hors

Narane: REBEL
Deneanor: ROGUE
(Cuan (ASOMBRA

ArrrRipur
Socu

Concer: DAUGHTER OFTHE
Hanon

Mer

nial Ken,
Engpe . 800000
Het nimi 800000

——soo000

Tne TRAITS: Ron.
Q00000 888800000
ee00e8 qnoooo0000
20000 Buoo0 Poon
Soooos GOOGROC000
eeooos COOGOOO00G

200000
Wiunowen

Weanness
more oun econet

Da > ae)

E:; LASOMBRA


Lasombra do not enjoy changing the course of history. Instead,
they prefer to make subtle alterations to the eddying stream of events,
delicately convincing posterity through aseries of feather-light touches
4 garrison weakened dangerously here, a land tax hiked up toa point
where it crosses from oppressive to intolerable there, and before long,
events work out exactly as the Lasombra would have it

Crude and overt gestures are regarded as unworthy of the Magisters
A Lasombra should not need to set off his work with an exclamation
point when a subtle flourish will suffice. As the various clans work
their wills on each other and mortal society, it has become a point of
pride among the Magisters to exert as little contol as possible to
achieve their ends. It is the lesser clans, they feel, who need to ghoul
iking's entire court to keep him in line; to win applause from his peers
a Magister would simply enthrall the king's mistress and control him
thus. Additional "points" in the estimation of other Lasombra (the
only ones who matter) would come from controlling the mistress
without use of the Blood, and so on. The more subtle and delicate the
manipulation, the more the Lasombra like it and the more praise and
respect i

bestowed upon the manipulator

At this point, these subtle games of mortal statesmanship have
become tradition among the Magisters. Many Lasombra of recent
Becoming have no thought to question this policy. After all, it is all
they have known in their unlives and isas natural to themas breathing
once was. Older Lasombra, however, recall a time when even their
political manipulations — or at least those of vanished peers — were
cruder. More vicious. Less subtle. And, perhaps, too disastrous to
contemplate.

For, while the clan has made excellent use of the sprawling
Church, and while many Lasombra are devout in their faith, it remains
indisputable that the marriage of Christian missionary zeal to the still
formidable structure of Constantine's Roman Empire was a disaster for
the Cainites of Europe, as well as for the Middle East and northern


Africa. And for eight centuries, certain Magistri have had their suspi-
cions as to how precisely those two august bodies — church and state
— were joined!

The story currently enjoying vogue among those of the clan
inclined to gossip goes something like this: Montano, who has never
denied doing so, coerced a Ravnos to create the image of the chi rho
the sign of Christ — in the sky outside of Rome on the evening of the
27th of October, 312. The audience for this illusion was one man: the
Emperor Constantine, soon to take the field against his rival Maxenius
It is this vision, the historians of the clan say, that drove the nominally
sympathetic Constantine into a whole-hearted embrace of Christian-
ity. Ergo, Montano, and hence the Lasombra bear the responsibility for
making the empire a Christian one.

Critics of this theory — and there are many, not including those
Lasombra who simply dissolve into incredulous laughter when the
matter comes up — can poke numerous holes in it. The notion of a
Lasombra relying on a Ravnos for anything rings false in most ears. The
sheer illogic of Constantine's vision — why did no one else in Rome
see this sign from above? — rings contrary to all that is known about
the way the Ravnos' power of illusion works. Why would Montano,
ever a man of direct action and uncompromising honor, stoop to such
a trick? The idea defies what all who know the Cainite expect from
him.

Finally, there is the question of why exactly Montano would even
want the crumbling empire to become Christian. While it is true that
official acceptance of Christianity as the state religion provided a
stabilizing influence on the empire and that Rome had once been a
Lasombra playground, there remains the ineluctable fact that Montano
himself had not the slightest Christian leanings. If Lasombra's childe
wished to strengthen Constantine's martial spirit, a manifestation of
the competing Mithraic faith might well have served better. Turning
the other cheek is an admirable doctrine, but it doesn't lend itself well
to small-unit tactics. This argument sets the conspiracy theorists off
again, wild with speculation that perhaps Montano chose the rela-
tively pacifistic Christian belief deliberately in hopes of calming the
mutinous Empire....

So the rumors swirl, each more nonsensical than the last. And
yet...perhaps Montano saw no other way to save the empire, and
perhaps a Ravnos could be coerced to do Montano's will, and perhaps
a trusted ghoul could deliver a message detailing when the emperor

would be alone and outside of the city, and perhaps...and so on. For
every logical refutation of the argument that level-headed Magisters
provide, the theory's proponents come up with another explanation

And, as the idea's supporters continuously point out, Montano
himself has never denied it. After all, he is the only one who really
knows.



ook Tio:
Sends

Ch the ponored guest

searest beloweds! ¢
thoans in his stupor as
thou. niiqhtEshades as
sail im! Poor oor
visiftant! VOould to
could have welcomed

him to Castle Wolhyny

with a gonorly MusSsic¢,
pe Wwe receive SO
callers!


Welcome, traveler! A thousand welcomes! I am Boleslav
Volhyny, voivode of...all you survey. Allow me to introduce
my scions and delights. This is Borivoj, tall and sinewed like
a lion, pride of his sire. Next is Oleg, master of the hunt, the
one who escorted you beneath my eaves. (Nay, Oleg, put that
down; you alarm our guest! All in due time....) Gentle
Ludmilla is so shy she stands away in shadow; it is she who toys
with the straps— ah! You must forgive Drahomira; she can be
regrettably forward. For so long as you sojourn beneath my
roof, we stand ready to offer you all the hospitality of the East.

Speakest thou Slavonic? No? Well, then, I shall discourse
with you in your argot. You will forgive my poor diction — the
legions never penetrated this far into our lands, and so my
Latin comes from the books dearest Myca sends me as cu-
ri My pardon; of course you know nothing of
such matters.

What is your name, honored guest? Eh? Beg
pardon, gentle sir, | did not understand.
Ah...Stephen. A Christian name. He was
a saint, was he not? You Christians have
but then, I suppose,
Christians have a regrettable predilec-
tion for dying in one form of agony or
another. Pity.

so many saints

You will be so kind as to forgive
the somewhat...Procrustean accom-
modations. Here across the Elbe we
are not so civilized as your fine
masters...yet what we lack in nice-
ties, I
meticulousattentiveness. But then,

uure you, we make up for in

that is why your Teuton wolflings
hurl themselves on us like overea-
the Drang nach Osten, I
believe a few of your chantry-wags
prophetically dub it.

Nay — don't bother to deny, good Stephen. It is true
what they whisper. The Blood calls to us, yes indeed. I am old,
but I yet know the scent of a Tremere consor, one all battened
on Usurper vitae. We Tzimisce can smell it. Not surprising,
really — it smells similar to our own. Remarkably similar.
Almost identical, if truth be known.

But enough of that. We are curious, Stephen. If nothing
else, we in the East are known for our cordial hospitality. Why,
then, ona night like this, when the fog creeps low through the
vales and the hills shiver with the howls of wolves, did you
think to lurk outside our fortress walls?

ger lover:

What is that? You meant no offense? My dear boy, none
taken! Your wizardly masters may cloister themselves in their
towers, glowering balefully on strangers, but we Tzimisce are
an open and trusting folk. Indeed, our reputation for recep-
tiveness is matched only by our reputation for mercy. Would
you not agree, Stephen? What is it your masters call us, as they
fearfully scan the night from their battlements?

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

Why, Stephen, you are pale and shaking! Did I not say
that the night air might prove bad for your health? I had
thought to let you pass the night and leave come the morn,
but you seem gripped with illness! That settles it, then — you
shall stay with us indefinitely, and we shall work our arts of
physick upon you, that you might be made...well. What —
oh, do not think to thank us! It is the smallest task, and one
to which we shall set with alacrity! After all, save for the
stimulating diversion your Tremere masters have recently
seen fit to offer, there is little to occupy us in the Old Country.
No, we stand ready to provide our fullest attention to you
tonight...and the night after...and the night after...and
for—

Ahh — devils take that noise! Oleg, send
some szlachta to quiet that infernal shrieking!
Yes, go, go!

Now, then — why, dearest Stephen,
once more you are rattling in your irons!
What discommodes you so? Truly you
seem beset with the liveliest illness — it
is well that you rest here, and enjoy the

benefices of our ministrations. But

my question remains unanswered,
Stephen. Why, rather than simply
requesting admittance, did you endanger

your health by snuffling about our forti-
fications in the chill night?
Oh, my dear Stephen, no need for
such histrionics! | understand. You were
ignorant of ourcustoms. Eminently rea-
sonable. Your sorcerous employers
are learned and wise, but they have
grown distant from the Folk, and
are occasionally remiss in matters

of proto- col. It is well, perhaps, that we
Tzimisce are such a forgiving people; in some quarters,
such ignorance could go so far as to provoke

2 -let us say, "retributive." But

such intolerance is for werewolves, or bloody-handed usurp-

ers. Since you obviously came to my fiefdom with only the
best of intentions, seeking erudition with only the greatest
good will, we would be honored to speak with you concerning

the ways of our kind. Even more, we insist that you recipro-
cate by telling us of yourself, and your masters, and the errand
on which you came
still your tongue, rest assured that we have countless means of
igniting the mind and spirit.

And so now we shall speak of many things — of the Old
Country, and our line, and our ways, and most especially of
you, dearest Stephen. Such leisurely discourse is, after all, an
old Carpathian custom. We are a tradition-bound folk, you
see, and abide by many such conventions. We wi
best of health, that you m:
them all.

and should your memory fail, or illness

you the
y long with us and partake of


ByCelestyn, Childe of Etrius, Childe of Tremere
The Damned Children of Caine are many; peasants
frightfully of monstrous corpses tearing themselves
churchyards and crossroads to stalk darkened village
and yet there are more among the vampyr's kind than the
t are aware. Mayhap it is best that mankind remain
ant. Through the halls of the lords the monsters creep;

@apses of the Church they stalk, that they might partake in
tit own unholy communion; and now, through the inge-
ess of Goratrix and our Master, we walk among them.

We of House Tremere are little loved, even among the

ind though all the manifold
ce and rancor toward us, our deed

heoneis of little consequence, its children scattered and sire
ered; alas, we were not so thorough with the other, and
that oversight we and the world shall be forever plagued.
The learned reader must forgive the dire and doleful tone
is work. I would wonder little if he should judge me ridden
superstitions of the ignorant, with their talk of elves and
and demons; and yet I have walked among the shadows
vales beyond the Elbe, in Sclavia, and I have met the

t incarnate devils.

They call themselves the Tzimisce.

Like bloated spiders, the Tzimisce have laired in the East
since the nights following the Flood. The earth groans beneath
their tread, and their subjects cower in terror from their evil
stare. They are wicked and wise; their memory is long, and I
think they will hate us forever. They are feared even among the
Damned, and it is with these monsters, the embodiments of
the word "vampyr," that we must contend with if we wish to
assert our place in the hierarchy of Hell. Verily, mighty
Goratrix has set before us a task indeed; | am honored that he
deems us so worthy of its execution.

THE OLD CoUuNTRY

Itis sensible, methinks, to begin any dialogue concerning
of their land — their "Old
Country" — which we have invaded and violated and ravaged,

the Tzimisce with an overv

and in deference to which they will not cease their aggressions
until all bearing the sobriquet "Tremere" lie bloodless and
broken beneath the ancestral soil. They are nothing if not
territorial, these so-named "Fiends"; no slight angers them so
much as the violation of Domain if the Tzimisce are indeed
vampires atall, or rather dark genii of the soil, for they seem the
veriest icons of this malignant land into which we have cast
ourselves.

The learned reader may scoff at that last supposition: No
material boundary separates one side of the Elbe from the
other; no wall kept the Magyars from their devil's errands;
Teutons cross freely on this mission and that, and Rome of old
marched into the dark forests bordering the Danube. But I
remember when | walked, for the first time, into Transylvania
and, though I was yet mortal, | felt overwhelmed with a
palpable malaise. I felt as though, with my every breath, a
miasma akin to the black fetor of the marshes entered my
lungs. And now, though I breathe no more, | yet feel that the
land reaches out invisibly to constrict me, like the wyrms that
lair in the Scottish lochs.

BOOK TWO: TZIMISCE


The soil is old here, and spiteful, and saturated with the
blood of eons. It was here, amid the crags and vales where
drakes coil and rusalka beckon invitingly with dead hands,
that House Tremere came, in defiance of the short-sighted
among the Order. It was House Tremere who alone realized
that the magic of the West was ebbing, quenched in the Blood
of Christ; that only in the lands of the East would Hermetic
masters have a chance to unearth that greatest of secrets, the
philosopher's stone of life eternal.

The Tzimisce unearthed that secret long ago, it seems.
Their dead flesh is a veritable repository of vis; their blood, an
elixir of blasphemous life. Indeed, such is the Fiends' connec-
tion to their ancestral holdings that they grow profoundly
discomfited should they be forced to rest without immersing
an know peace only when
rth of the ancient

themselves in its soil. A Tzimis
lying deep ir surrounded by the
homeland. I have watched captive Fiends writhe and moan in
the night, their very bodies contorting as their unholy need

grave,

consumed them.

MAsTERS OF THE LAND

I am oft consulted for my knowledge regarding our foes,
for I have had the privilege and horror of serving the House as
an infiltrator and spy. Blessed as I am with certain aptitudes
related to the channeling of blood-sorcery within my own
body, I have developed rituals enabling me to exacerbate the

AL WorLD
Gertain historical liberties have been taken for
the sake of drama. The real Drang nach Osten

propagandists as the Pan-Slavic movement (and

later, the Nazis). Remember, too, that Ventrue a

the like often

actively campaigning in Prussia until the 13th
tury. However, the idea of savage religious st
between brutal Christian crusaders and brutal

» the Teutonic Knights by a few years, allowing the
Prussian Conquest to begin around 1195 or so.

can occlude my lineage and thereby walk among the Fi
one of them. Such a subterfuge would quickly prove tra
ent in more peaceable times, but recent upheavals
disrupted the age-old "families" and territories, and s0
manner of rootlessnomads walk the nights of the Old Countt
Questions remain unasked, suspicions stay unvoiced, andi
by such fortune that I have been able to observe the Fie
from a peripheral (albeit too close for my own liking!) vant
point.

My firsthand experiences have been much augment
the testimonies of those Fiends whom we have had the fort
of taking captive and putting to the question. In parti
Ceoris' dungeons imprison two, Yaroslav and Devana, apa
"mates," or those who participate in the obscene bil
commingling rituals ubiquitousamong the Fiends. Theyd
us, of course, and their "courtship" seems to have rendet
them proof against the Blood Oath, but we have gleanedm
nuggets of useful lore among the vitriol that they hiss and
at us.

I shamefully confess that I have stolen into their a
ettes at night, bearing small vials of blood, and fed it t0
starving wretches, that they might be disposed to im
secrets to me. They will never trust me, of course, and willl
me even less, but they seem to recognize my sympat
stance and desire for peace between our two lines...or,at
they are disposed to humor the bearer of food. Through!
kindness I have established a rapport of sorts with the d
tures, and have learned much...though methinks I
sleep better of days had they told me les:

CONCERNING THE FIENDS

They make no pretense of humanity, these night-thit
in their veins, they say, human blood is transmuted t0
mystic "dead water" of regional folk tales. This "dead
makes them one with the gods and forever divorced
mortal cares.

This attitude manifests itself in the Tzimisce di
toward those who provide them with food and fodder.
display little humility, the Tzimisce; not for them my@
diurnal moans of guilt and horror over what I have b
The passage into undeath is no curse, no damnation,
initiation into an ancient and terrible nobility. Of
monsters haunting Sclavia's nights, the Tzimisce are
masters; those who displease them, or trespa

dire punishments they devise for the mortal wretches
ever so slightly, I can see only the hand of Satan.


of superstition.
mentioned, voivodes are profoundly territorial.
qaintain elaborate and time-honored greeting
thatone who enters an estate with the voivode's

Pwho dares to breach hospitality is mercilessly
the vengeance may take centuries.

iin the early nights, when there was yet hope for a
bridge leading to the voivode's domain, I was met
p ishuddersome things seemingly conjured from the
‘of Hell; the nightmare horde 5: "
childe. This worthy greeted me most politely,
lelcome, honored guest! A thousand welcomes!

lod, on the dead water, this I
gapproximating kind, which s
insofaras one can discern aught from those cold
he Fiends call faces.
he construction of their castles, the Tzimisce are <
fgsanyone in the West; I care not what the empire
Ay of barbarous Sclavia. | have seen the great turrets
inst the night sky, until it seemed as though the'
the heavens; I have s of dank
expansive enough to low entire cities of men.
sabode was no exception. Upon arr
edoverthe bridge and into the pres
mmself, A full seven feet he stood, all garbed in finery

ed that this is a symbol of stature among the c
that prey is plentiful and easily obtained). The
ll was lit by torches, and these were held in scone
the voivode
fat proudly informed me, though I would wonder little
vere but the remains of murdered travelers, cunningly

the dining table by hooks pressed through their
pren or so naked wretches writhed like worms on the
ly they screamed for salvation — or they would
fad not their lips been stopped and shaped into minus-
resembling small pores. Like the holes of a flute,
s transmuted the victims' screams into soft piping,

fwas a melody of sorts played for us while we dine
: the vampyrs would silently
from which part of which victim they desired their
purse, and servitors walking amid the gathering would
Bs goads into the flesh indicated, then just as adroitly

fe shower of blood in a skull-crafted goblet.


js aw urypim saprus veurfy zeay | ‘sawn ay

"os aA0] spuary atp [los ay jo apeysaysru pue
IW ay) Buowe sayse aya pasaqeds pue ‘uoow pred e
Up aeurly poureap | os pur ‘awa or pouunaas sasuas AW

jpeaup 02 Aqauatp pur sasepy yp o2 Aatwxord Aw Jo pue

q At jo :mouy avurfy yeyp ‘asinod jo ‘uatp sea 3]

"as[ng Wadsaaiayq ayp jo uoRsuNfuOD
diuodn powuojiod avuify se 2yd1]UOOW jo smoure J9AqIs UL
goun Surwearss Joquiowias | pue ‘siysIfaq] snoassE)
 ayp aysner sem |

pure yoed ay jo Auedwios ayy aavay uayo pjnom ayy
"snqnout ue jo
Jo ‘snqnout ue Aq passassod aja} | aw ayp ae ‘ouTeYs

dsoyd jeuonowa ue — suro] peap Aw areaunad Suruing
plo> Ajpapioap B Jao} puke ‘smo [Bae pue snouda

Hoo dy2 JapuN AeuIfy UodN yoo] pjnom | a4 puy
Aeully ‘saajasino Suowre aAsasaid 02

pk asno}] JNO se sprepueas yons Aq ‘vax "Jopuad uTeaD
pue aseaury ureq99UN jo puary e ‘avully suo YIM —

BE} B [21 ssaUOD | ‘AeU — sos yo Yoder ev padojaaap
ssnosip Jeys | UOINaNsuT siya) yoed Sutaoi e jo

Nolo uatpeay jo suoissaidxa pue Suueys o1yppedura jo
Asie ‘Surunow jo suoissaidxa ‘suoneqy AroIweIqa]29
19s ‘dnois Ayiwey s,apoaioa ev Suowe sdrysuonejar

eA

ME[a sUIOYsND JeI[NIod AueUL aAKY spudty 2 L
JISDIAL GOOTY

"payeaaoa
sya pue ‘uopuege yaia op sostuiiz | ay
odind umo siy 10} Ways Wo sIp pue adeys pue syom
dye2 AsNw ang UAMO sty Jo 218919 JOUUED UIs IBY?

je jo Yseui-1appe SuridaIUs Joy 0} JOU YsNoY}) Ingad |
{]]e pue auo spo8 rey ur ore aostunz |
AP pephyouos aq you I! ued ‘qu sty Woy aq pur AxjD WoY
plow pos akeyp sareas a]qQIg No se IeIp pauraydse]q
sey (yaanyD ayp ur SurBuruqdn Aw jo anypraagns
qysnomyp poured] Suravy) vueaacy ‘sures Widurea ayO
He dojeue ou sey ‘ayxesaueU PIOsIA si ayaa 1 YSNoyp se
Surdeys jo wy ‘ue sy | ‘pareay asow are spuaty aya

J} SINIDONHS SNTISAIT

"sIONAIAS puke sapoge jo a2104>
aratp Suyzapisuos ‘ue jnyasn e ‘urese — ysaz0} pu wa} Jo s1seaq
ayp 9a0 Araasewr Avjdsip Afuounuos aostwiz | [Jam sy "(PHOm
ayp jo saysiu ysiy ay UI suBUTeYs UaYBaYy Woy UdyxeI Us2q
aaey Aew aut] ay? Suowe asapja ay Jey ArOaY? Aw INO sIv|q
sly) IYBIg puodag jo adyauaq ay? sM YIM azeYs SOY "SYS
$,UTeD JO auNseaut sey e Paraysewl 2Aky aponmon jo apUeW ay?
923 02 2AlAmns OYM spud Iso Pue ‘(aWE]Y Jo JUNOWe [JEWS
ou sieaq aad | asNO}] Yo!YA\ JOJ) a]38nas pue JoOY URIs

-UOd JO BUO adUAISIXA JIOYp ‘pjoylueW aie siamod s9y |

"OYEISTUI OU IYBUI IY JO ‘s90} a]GePIWIO} 9dej 2)
LHONAL SANAl AHL AQ

,c}2aW 9m BUI IX9U aU Ald yo IYBNe YIM doueaduaa
Aw sadwiaa qou yyeys | wy? Mouy Qdadsai Aw paunour savy
Nos asnedaq ‘os puly "e9 ay WO 1481] UF Yada JOU ‘asnou!
e Buiag ur soUoYsip ou st azayp fasnour ¥ st asnow YY "AatpIqeas
pur aouesadwiay ut sary wopsi¢ jo ued sa1eai8 ay saumaui0s
{spaap pur sisanb jo yonuuaao yeads speyfeq ay "sn asurese
AJapna os autos 02 yreo] Uaaq aavy Pjnom nok YUN | "OU
aue pur ‘aze pue ‘x9a\ NO OYA MOUY NOA pue ‘daap und s1001
ANOA Sy]1 ANOA Jo sIdYIO se ssayasaz OS JOU are NOA JO} ‘sNUUseIy
ayqesouoy ‘nod adadsau J,, aw OJUN ples ay Uday? pur 41 Pjay
pue azed Aw aysned aponion ay] "Mods s,3uruaad aya J0y soy
Aw paqueyp pue pamog uayp ‘Ajyeaiwuwo uo" payuns |
« POO] JO PY & ssorde JaYO Yea adv} ]]IM aa IYBIU aUO
aeyp pue ‘asn aja] Jo sem Queseayd Jaaamoy ‘Aa|sed ano yeup,,
‘apomion aya yond ,‘syUIYpaY,, "UlEWOp dyp Jo adpa ay o2 aut
paruedwoooe jjasuity aponioa ay], ‘sareunystu jo pren3 10u0y
ue Aq payuey ‘asiiuns aiojaq [Jam OYZs1eY 2]ISED I>] |
"aw Sulpunouns siaysuow ay) Woy sapyonyo
Suryoour Ajjuas jo smuoy> e Aq papremar sem pue ayered
0} pauTpap | s]assaa asay JO "[IOs aya YIeauaq Woy ApuaI
-quaIUT pauTequnoy Jeyp suas yep UTED jo syuRG aya
apisaq ‘spyia ay ut daap woy (aw pjor soy Aw os) pazayaes
1dury snound jo JaUUeW []e IsadUT 0} paI0y UdEq pey pu
sjassaa snosodnas ‘Suryoiiay woy paddis spuary aya ‘sajseadads
at jo Suueay ayy pue Surmara aya ur Wey ppe aysiw |
«casdi0o
aup ul andwea oy uayeme,, 02 sues B se ang ‘axes UMO
Sy] 10} 10U auOp st JoOIOY pue ured jo sassAge OIUT [NOs aYyI JO
Sursunjd ay] ‘pueyaidwios ssurag Surat] wey WOs ay BuIpusos
-ueN suOHesuas 3119x9 puke suoissed aye>]NOUT 01 Jaye Inq
‘Aqjanid Jo adueasUaA JO} spasu URUNY AysIaes 02 AJaIBW JOU
uayeuapun are sue pue syods say) IeUp st spuary aya Inoge
pueisiapun maj IY ‘seondeid ayI aseqap pue aIVAI]9
Ajsnoaueajnunis 03 st asn usw IY prom Aue Aq passauaTa [IeYA
]]e9 02 ang ‘Agayonegap pue ‘sad ‘ainqo] sem aay] "Jepinw
jo saumayi] puesnoyz & at] | YSnoyp ‘[nos Aut ureIs J9AaOJ
[Ys 3! 2eay | ‘passouan | akYyM Jo aI] aM UeD [*-9I9y
puy ‘seajaswiayy asnure spualy ay yorym yim sawnsed
asoyp Aofua 02 a1ayp ‘Jey JMO] B OF Panel am UOUY


House Tremere, mightiest of magi. Alone among
ve we wrested eternity's elixir from its guardians.
withstand our Master; kings and bishops dance at
g. And yet, I say that were all the Fiends in the Old
jt0 rise against us as one, we would swiftly greet the
impaling stakes.
forus, that night shall never come. Clan Tzimisce
ietious as it is frightful; our trespass
fof grievances and vendettas which the rulers

‘customs, and so, naturally v
Among the Fiends, Trials by War — armed
by one voivode against another — are events of
and circumstance.
eclare war, the aggressor must surreptitiously stalk
fone among the rival's herd or servitors, on the riv
Therival is within her rights to destroy the tresp:
should he be caught.) The aggressor must bs
jhisown fiefdom, whereupon he must flay the skin from
fim. On this hide he must formally inscribe his d
bfwar, giving the rival time to prepare for the invasion.
se, the Tzimisce are not much more prone to
‘own customs than are most Children of Caine (or
that matter!). I have personally borne witness to
Upheavals of one voivode against another, with little
Hifor protocol. Such tactics may prove effective, but
0 routinely flout the time-honored customs com-
incur the wrath of the clan as a whole. (Gorynich
§—the elder whom Goratrix slew to brew the potion
ited us into undeath over a century ago — was
yn for such treacherous practices, and it is for this
his neighbors did not immediately throw their
ainst our House.)
ilowing a successful Trial by War, the victor assumes
ince of the loser's demesne, along with all herds and
ited voivodes generally receive the Amaranth,
W's hints bear out my observation that many such
submit to this willingly, not wishing to bear the shame
lessness. (Additionally, the defeated often levies 2
Be as he gives up his vitae, enjoining all manner of
lledictions in hopes that the drinker will ever suffer
land will "turn against him," his blood will grow
prone to plague, et cetera.)
the childer, of course, being under the yoke of the
are, perish during the Trial by War.

for survivors to escape into the wilds, there to lead
fous, hardscrabble existenc


|

In my wanderings, I have observed another custom, one
stemming from the need to establish oneself while simulta-
neously replenishing oneself after battle. It seems that when
one voivode defeats another and thereby acquires the
vanquished's land, mortals residing on the land likewise
become the victor's property. This being the case, the victo-
rious voivode, and his childer and armies, often descend on the
newly acquired herds. There they enact a celebratory orgy of
sorts, openly flaunting their nature before the terrified prey
and laying waste to entire communities. This "blood feast"
commonly lasts foran entire night, as whole villages of mortals
are reduced to graveyards of bloodless corpses. A few mortals,
though, are left alive, so that word of the new master might
spread to all within the demesne.

THE Packs

Certain Tzimisce have escaped our House's retribution to
take up fugitive unlives in the wilds. Obeying their communal
instincts even as they rue their exile, such outcasts band
together in "packs" of various numbers and organization. Feral
and masterless, these outlaw bands roam the Old Country,
pledging service to one voivode oranother in exchange for food
and shelter. When they cannot find service, of course, packs
must make do in the werewolf-haunted wilds. Few stay to-
gether, or survive, for long; those that do are dangerous

companies indeed.

The peasants are terrified of such gatherings; should
village's wisewomen inform the inhabitants of a pack's pro
imity, those worthies will frantically bar their doors, hanga
manner of religious paraphernalia and incant rituals bot
Christian and pagan in hopes that they will be spared.

Alas, such measures generally prove as futile as theyd
sincere. This I know well; I have "run with" various pa
during my sojourn in the Old Country, and I have feasted wi
them as well, God help my soul

Packs commonly indulge in the drinking of each othefl
blood. This gesture is largely symbolic, reaffirming unity intht
face of adversity and whatnot. But, as my own experiend
proves, it grows lonely in the wilds at night...

KOLDUN

The Fiends are wise in the ways of magic. There aif
sorcerers among them whose mastery of the magic arts ti
our own. Tzimisce speak respectfully of these magic-work
calling them koldun; at one time there were more of them,b
few exist now. Most, I suspect, were consumed by the fot
entities with whom they trafficked

Koldun occasionally hold fiefdoms, but many more rette
to isolated towers and ruins in the wilds. There they practid
their arts and occasionally tutor worthy neonates. A fewha

even been known to wander into the West in search of lon

Safle | ip)
(eee >
— ry

v-
= U

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

AL EXE 2

Ege OE


gh I know little enough of their doings; we are not yet so
ly with the other Children of Caine that we may ask of
rangers among them!
Notsurprisingly, the sorcery of the koldun makes use of all
of rituals for conjuring and binding demons, practices
forbidden in our own Order. Over the centuries, they
become intimately familiar with all the thousands of

Tmyself did battle with a mighty koldun in the first nights
[the war. Her magic was strong, but undisciplined: My

The Fiends are nothing if not profane; most, and espe-

ly those of elder blood, scoff at the idea of divine salvation.

lyet even among the Fiends there are priests of a sort. The

Glused to describe them isa vulgar Eastern polyglot, and so

late it as "Metamorphosist."

These "Metamorphosists," based on my observations and

descriptions of my unwilling guest, are an itinerant order
idicants. They keep no fiefs, but wander from demesne
demesne as they please. Other Tzimisce treat
etamorphosists with the utmost hospitality, for the
imorphosists are the masters of the clan's dark erudition

and forbidden lore.

Their philosophy is their own and oblique to the point of
fdecipherability, yet it bears parallels to the more abstruse
classical and Gnostic works. Metamorphos!

sider the vampiric state itself a sort of ephemeral purgatory
ween the "base state" of human existence (which in
\orphosists' eyes is the gravest Hell) and an unimagin-

"higher" state. They spend their existences performing

fous revolting and highly painful rituals (of which I re-

evidently con-

ing to understand their nature and, thereby, transcend it.
then, it is not enough fora Metamorphosist to have a Beast;
must disport with it, nourish it and fan it greater still.
Devana often speaks of Metamorphosists paying homage
"demons" or "entities"; this, however, would seem to
‘contradict the conceit that Metamorphosists seek to shape
mselves into their own inner divinity, not merely to
orship already established powers. In truth, I know not; even
jinav would tell me little of what transpired in the
Metamorphosists' subterranean vaults.
Certain tales depict a sort of ancestor-worship, in which
certain legendary ancients among the line (who seem tobe the
bjects of awestruck dread by other Fiends) are upheld as
‘Pioneers along the path to "enlightenment." Obviously, those
ainites who fear the wrath of their elders would do well to
erutinize the practices of the Metamorphosists; taken to its
logical conclusion, sucha philosophy would involve supplant-
‘ng the Antediluvians themselves.

The Metamorphosists, so I am told, flock to certain
unholy sites deep in the wilds on moonless nights. On many of
the most ancient sites, the Fiends have built curious temples,
of a style predating even the earliest tribal structures. Local
villagers call these spots "Black Churches," and they scrupu-
lously avoid them.

As I have implied, secular Fiends know little of the
Metamorphosists' ways, treating them as a sort of adjunct to
the koldun. Still, they are ubiquitous in the Old Country,
acting as a sort of cultural glue among the fractious clan.

Tue GREAT WAR

For every Tzimisce bent on some mysterious end or other,
of course, there are three whose aims are all too clear: the utter
annihilation of House Tremere. They come by night, mus-
tered from all sides like great swarms of bats, and the villagers
in these parts know well to bar their doors.

They have enlisted (ormore likely, cowed) Transylvania's
other vampyrs to assist them, so that oft one may hear the eerie
hunting call of the Gangrel or discover a loathsome Nosferatu
ensconced amid one's defenses.

The majority of their soldiers, though, are abominations
constructed from human wretches.
known to depopulate entire villages, taking the inhabitants
into their dungeons and twisting them into hideous monsters,
shapeless lumps of fang, talon and gristle. And once the
humans' bodies are no more, the Fiends likewise destroy their
creations' souls, inflaming their blood against us and sending
them to besiege our chantries in noxious wav

zimisce at war have been

Occasionally, in the darkest hours, one hears a distant

crack as trees splinter like kindling. One sees dread descend on
even the ghoul-soldiers' nigh-unrecognizable countenances.
And then that thing which Devana fearfully refers to as
"vozhd" roars gargantuan and ravenous from the deep forests,
often towering above the trees themselves, flailing this way
and that with fists the
enemy and ally alike into any of a dozen befanged maws.

THE REVENANTS
The Fiends grip the noble houses with a clutch akin to

that of a great octopus, and in this endeavor they make great
use of certain servitor creatures, which they dub "revenants."

ze of millstones, greedily shoving

These revenants are curious creatures. Originally human,
they have been transformed through blasphemous rituals and
blood-mingling into creatures akin to our own ghouls. Al-
though wholly evil and given to many of the practices of the
vampire, revenants may yet go abroad by day, and they may
even breed with humans and their own kind; thi
act has left vast numbers of them bearing peculiar disfigure-
ments, a sure sign of God's wrath.

last noxious

Over the centuries, the creatures have burrowed them-
selves deep into the lines of the nobles, shrouding themselves
in the annals of war and marriage and flesh and generations.
Families as far afield as Constantinople and Kiev bear the

BOOK TWO: TZIMISC


creatures' taint, and I would be little surprised if they had not
already worked their way into the heart of the empire. Goratrix
elicited the information that one strain has even infiltrated
the Byzantine Church, though of these, Devana and Yaroslav
claim little knowledge, as the family in question serves the
Draconian Tzimisce.

In any event, once ensconced within a line, revenants
make all manner of mischief, subverting the rest of the family
into abhorrent practices pleasing to themselves and their
masters. They snare the ruling families in chains of vice and
fear, and in so doing enslave them vicariously to the Fiends,
who are the revenants' own masters. Because they do not fear
the sun, they act as the Fiends' eyes and fists in the daylight
world, enforcing Tzimisce edicts through their own super-
natural arts — which, though lesser than those of their
masters', more than suffice to inspire fear in the kine. Then,
too, because many Tzimisce are themselves taken from the
revenant families, they often bear a familial resemblance to
their slaves, and this (so says Devana) makes it easier for a
Fiend to substitute himself through the use of flesh-shaping
arts.

Goratrix and the Master seem much intrigued by these
creatures of late; | have seen them in the laboratories during
the gray hours before the dawn, examining revenant captives
with fire and blade. Goratrix has even slyly hinted that
perhaps our House could breed revenant strains of our own,
fighting blood with blood, so to speak, and thereby gain for
ourselves a race of diurnal proxies.

HEMIA AND THE
REMYSLS

Prague, the Magic City: Well I remember my apprentice-
ship there, in days less dreadful, when I could yet feel the sun's
kiss. To walk amid its towers and mazy lanes is to feel the
whispered passage of potent forces unseen yet tangible.

And yet even here, in one of the Order's great strong-
holds, the Fiends lurk. For the Tzimisce, Prague serves as their
frontier against the encroaching West; here the
Metamorphosists walk, that they might remain vigilantagainst
the arrival of marauding Cainites from the empire.

Devana even hints, slyly and mockingly, that certain
members among that great Bohemian dynasty named Premysl
have fallen under the night's influence. I had oft heard lurid
tales of strange rituals and orgies among the Premysl line, but
Thad largely dismissed them as imperialist propaganda meant
to counter the influence of a growing power. Could there
indeed be truth to the tales?

Rumorsabound that Bohemia may gain autonomy within
the year; truly, the empire's eastern flank has established no
small amount of influence for itself. Should a faction among

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

the Fiends take Prague, the invaders might well find them
selves the victims ere long, and the Old Country's bloody
nights might extend to the lands of the French....

LITHUANIA

To the east, pagan Lithuania defies the Teutons' hordes.
Here many Fiends yet follow the ancient ways of the clan:
These hoary vampires, so Yaroslav implies, scorn their south:
ern brethren, for the mist-shrouded pines and marshes in
which they dwell never knew the yoke of Rome.

The Balts are most fearful of them; they worship the
Fiends as gods, or more likely, demons, plying them with all
manner of tribute and sacrifice. Great temples they build for
them in the forests, or on lone isles in the midst of bogs and
rivers. Sacrifices are driven into the temple gates, and then the
Balts leave in haste, for the sounds said to emanate from
darkened edifices are enough to blanch the face of the fiercest
warrior.

These Fiends wish no great cities, no advancements 0
learning; they are content to exist as they have for millennia,
Each Fiend establishes a wilderness domain, dominating the
local settlements and tribes, who speak grimly of the "Blood
Gods of the Forest" or other such superstition. They bide theit
time in accordance with the rhythms of the night and the
eternal seasons; the rise and fall of tribes, domains and king:
doms are of niggling import to them.

The Fiends of Lithuania are renowned for their wisdom;
other Tzimisce often send their childer into the northlandsin
search of some bit of forgotten lore. These childer are often
asked to prove their worth as Tzimisce by undertaking a series
of grueling tests and "games." Yaroslav speaks little of what
happens to neonates who fail to please the ancients, though
can guess. Thus has it been since the dawn of time.

But even these ancients may soon learn the ways of
change. The Knights Teuton have undertaken crusades into
these lands, which will doubtless learn the ways of fire and fear.
Already | hear tell of struggles between advance scouts and
"dreadful corpse-demons"; methinks the pagan lands will fall
and their guardians with them.

BYZANTIUM

Yea, even in mighty Constantinople the Fiends walk,
though they are of a different breed than their cousins to the
north. They are most civilized, these Tzimisce; they name
themselves Draconians, after their alleged founder. They are,
a taciturn sort, but I have heard tell of the occasional Draco-
nian wandering into the West, on some nameless errand or
other.

But, the New Rome and its armies have ever been the
Carpathian Fiends' nemesis, and ever have they longed tosee
the city in flames. This has in turn led to great strife between
the two lines: the one whose existence depends on the city, the
other who seeks only to destroy it.


ByELosoc: WuiTE Gop OF THE Nort
Whether this hoary old Fiend is in truth the source of the surrounding peoples' "White
ths, or whether he opportunistically seized the mythological name, is unknown. The latter
more likely, given that the legendary god is allegedly of a benevolent disposition; on the other!

~Tnany event, the Fiend Byelobog clutches the Balt-lands still. He is old now, and rarely seen;
voivodes have come to the swamps over the millennia. Even now, though, they do so at his suffera
and tales of Byelobog still circulate around the Fiends' gatherings.

According to Tzimisce legend, Byelobog dwells in the swamps between the Baltic Sea and the
Pripet Marshes, sailing from place to place on a magical skiff. He has great mastery over the waters, 4
the swamp-things, and the fogs, and above all, the howling snows that grip the land in winter. He
aptly named the "White God," for his flesh is clammy and corpselike, resembling a Cappadocii
pallor, yet more terrible still. For Byelobog resembles nothing so much as a cadaver in the grip of pl:
and it is said that he can shed flakes of his scaly skin like a dormant reptile and send the still-anii
pieces flapping on the northern winds to undertake errands of evil. Indeed, other Fiends whisper
during the harsh northern winters, Byelobog conceals flakes of his skin in the whiteness of the

entering into the mouths and lungs of the unwitting mortal inhabitants, catching itself in

fangs of animals and rooting into the bark of trees. In this manner does the White God

territory and, in so doing, establishes a mystical connection to everything in it.
InA.D.1269, Byelobog will make his last stand atop an ancient worship site deep in the Lit!

forests: A troop of Teutonic Knights, bearing fire and cross, will ride at him. Although the
will survive their assault, they will leave him sufficiently weakened for the anarch Lugoj Blood-

to slay him and steal his power.

Whether the schism has existed since time's beginning or
‘happened after the Draconians' migration, I do not know.
Whatever the answer, the Fiends of the Carpathians hate
‘their southern kin with a virule:
Tsuspect that the viole:

ox monasteries in Macedonia may well have deeper, darker

normally reserved for us.

‘Toots. | care little, so long as it diverts our enemies' eyes from

FINis

And that thought is perhaps the proper one on which to

‘end this missive. Verily, we are lost children ina strange realm.
Our foes loom on all sides, in a thousand frightful shapes;

perilous the road ahead, yet through the will of our Master we
are committed, and there is no road back, save only darkest
perdition.

Weare in the monster's lair, and though we have bearded
him, the battle has only begun. The Tzimisce is a thousand-
headed hydra: Although the beast itself writhes and coils in
blind, idiot spasms, it is huge, and monstrous, and full of baleful
venom. The path to power will be a hard and treacherous one.
Remember you always that the mightiest torrent will break
and flow around a rock. Stand firm: Heed your elders and your
regents, and above all, the will of the Master, that one night we
supplant the Tzimisce as lords of the Damned.

Yours in the Blood of the Murderer,

Celestyn,
House Tremere

BOOK TWO: TZIMISCE


Sospitatity

Tzimisce have few friends. The newly spawned Tremere
thirst to destroy them; Shadow Lords battle them viciously for
territory. They even feud incessantly with each other. This
tumultuous existence, coupled with the clan's long-standing
occupation of its ancestral soil, has fostered many unique
customs. Although currently ata disadvantage, the Fiends are
still the masters of the East.

THE EMBRACE

Fiends frequently plan their Embraces meticulously.
Tzimisce prefer to Embrace from their stock of revenant
families — each family having been selected for "desirable"
qualities and carefully tended over the intervening centuries.
Creating childer from revenants offers a number of advan-
tages: The ghouls are already inured to long life and supernatural
power, and those who survived childhood have grown most
accustomed to obedience, cruelty and loyalty.

The clan's internecine and external struggles demand
immediate retaliation, however. Although most Fiends would
prefer simply to deploy legions of ghouls, sometimes a situa-
tion calls for the more diverse talents available only to
vampyrs. In such cases, the sire, not wanting to endure the
childe's pathetic human sentiments, "gifts" the childe with a
grisly rite of passage. The childe is Embraced, then buried
"alive" in the earth of a graveyard or barrow (to which the
childe often mystically bonds). To emerge as vampyr, the
childe must dig her way up and out, through a stew of earth,
worms and corpses. Some weaker childer do not manage todig
their way back out; these weaklings are contemptuously left to
rot in eternal torpor. Those childer who do worm their way
from the earth generally undergo profound emotional trauma
— having "died" and returned from the "afterworld," the
childer are prepared to assume the mindset of undead preda-
tors. This can prove profoundly distressing to childer who
belonged to the Church in life, but as far as the Fiends are
concerned, such a shattering of faith is all the better.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

VOIVODES

The Old Country is regrettably prone to invasions an
upheavals of various sorts. Romans, Huns, Avars, Magyarsa
other barbarians have appeared to trouble the inhabitant
Shadow Lords prowl the mountains and vales, and the
untracked forests are home to things stranger still. And
since time immemorial, the test of a Fiend's mettle has beet
her ability to seize and hold land.

Landholding Tzimisce commonly take the title "voi
though other regional titles (zhupan, margrave) are used'
appropriate areas. In many ways, a voivode acts as any
vampiric ruler does: He dictates hunting grounds, arbi
disputes, and otherwise oversees the affairs of the dark.
practice, though, voivodes are much more exclusive abou
their domains, and suffer few Cainites other than their om
childer to dwell within.

Also, while the establishment of a power base is alo
standing Tzimisce custom, the base itself is merely a means!
the ends of personal security and supernatural might. Re
tably, the voivode gives little thought to his subjects' wel

gate his pleasure with an iota of pragmatism. Stories
wafted from the East — tales of fire-eyed voivodes ang
defending their subjects from werewolves or Teuton Vi
This is done not out of concern for the subjects' welfare, bi
asa matter of pride: The subjects are the voivode's to abuse,
he shall suffer no others to do likewise.


Vo

WAR LP WW ae NOV 17)
N at 4 KK YY
V0) Ny fl)
Wap \

/ __\

(Ns

fstructing just such obvious, menacing citadels. Others
fer to use magic or simple topography to construct hidden
f— labyrinths and the like — so that the peasants know
master of the domain only as an evil, invisible malignancy.
The first century of dominion is commonly spent in the

fon of terror. Children are taken from their parents'
and returned as bloodless corpses or gibbering freaks;
ious headman goes to sleep and at cockcrow wakes up
Bitto the empty skin of his wife

ippears, and the villagers discover...traces at various sites

an overly intrepid forester

intervals over the next year. However, a Fiend must be
not to overdo things; constant massacres lead the
bitants to leave, and not even a Tzimisce and all her
can stop an entire village's wholesale migration.
Once the mortals have been pacified and bullied, the
Step is to mold the domain into whatever will best serve
Ewivode's interest. Koldun and other sor

ly to establish a secure herd, while F

fous types eeele
ends of more
blitical inclination take a more active hand—ortalon, as the
Siibe — in the governance of their fiefdom. In many
Bits involves indoctrinating the mortal populace into
SED weapons against the voivode's rivals.
The most effective form of rule is to insinuate one's
lions into the mortal pow

i er structure. Revenant families
the most advanced products of this tactic, but many mortal

Rey

families have also fallen under the intoxicating spell of Tzimisce
vitae. Over the centuries, these families — influenced by the
nocturnal visitations of the vampyrs — become more and more
depraved, more and more tyrannical, more and more twisted
As decade blends into decade, individual incidents are woven
into the cloth of legend, and it becomes impossible to distin-
guish the atrocities of the vampyr from those of his servitors
Some Tzimisce exacerbate this process, fleshcrafting them-
selves to resemble the mortal lord — or fleshcrafting the lord
to resemble the vampire. Tales of "devil twins" haunting
crossroads have survived in the Old Country to this night
This, of course, serves to direct priestly aggression against the
mortal pawns, leaving the vampire unscathed.

In certain sheltered areas (Lithuania, isolated mountain
tracts), Tzimisce rule overtly. The vampyr who utilizes this
tactic must be strong indeed, fearful of neither Shadow Lords
nor rival voivodes and sufficiently dreaded that his flock would
sooner stay and suffer than risk the reprisal of a failed escape
He may use fleshcrafted doubles when necessary (dealing with
mortal rulers, misleading clergy, etc.), but the peasants are well
aware to whom they answer. In such places, the subjects often
deliberately offer up sacrifices during appropriate holidays,
preferring to lose a few loved ones per season than suffer the
vampire's greater wrath.

BOOK TWO: TZIMISC


g: ‘TRESPASSERS

7 As much as they might wish otherwise, the Tai

are not the only vampyrs native to their ancestral soil. TE

Old Country supports sizable populations of Gangrel,

Nosferatu, anda few lines of Malkavians have wandered

‘the East during the past centuri urprisingly, Tai

7: tolerate such lessers in their domains but
pledge direct service. For example, a vowode

"employ" a Gangrel as his Master ofthe HuntandaNo

as his Master of Spies, but he would never suffer

vampyrs to exist independently in his fiefdom. Most

Trimisce vampyrs are required to swear a Blood Oath tothe

voivode, and those who do not had best prove themse!

eXteedinigly loyal and even more competent:

A fewTzimisce, seeking advantage over theirrapa
clanmates, have even allied themselves with in}
Venitrue, Toreador, Cappadocians and Brujah. $
ances tend to take the form of agreements between
rather than lord/vassal relationships. Naturally, the p
voivodes in question prefer to manipulate their

| partners into performing useful and lethal services
mon foes, that they may rid themselves of the hi
ig "arrangement" and of their problems in one fell s

CHILDER

Tzimisce are familial creatures. Many spent their breath
ing years as scions of the revenant families, and Tzimisce)
tradition holds the creation and maintenance of a family int
high regard. Indeed, the greatest work of Tzimisce art, the)
fleshcraft sculpture/play Octavo of the mad voivode Czerniskoy
depicts its characters as collectives, using a highly disturbing
point of view to do so.

Tzimisce create childer for the same reasons that other
Cainites do: on whims, as useful extensions of the sire, tosatisly
eruptions of atavistic lust. Childer are organized into families]
with the sire as the patriarch/matriarch on whom everything
centers. To enforce this filial devotion, most childer are forced
to take the Blood Oath. Using the ritual The Inmost Tug (see?
p. 62), certain powerful voivodes can even manipulate Blood
Oaths, shaping them into desired emotions according t0
whim.

Competition among childer is understandably rife
Tzimisce neonates, all bound to the sire through the BI ;
Oath, struggle ceaselessly among themselves for the voivodé®
favor. The Blood Oath has also led to one troublesome]
sociological phenomenon among the Fiends, one that curs
rently cripples them in their war against the Tremere. Because)
Tzimisce childer are sworn to their sires, any slight or injury
inflicted on the sire, no matter how deserv


"as greatly as if they were mortal. The childer swear
eance on the transgressor and his entire brood, and these
ids commonly continue even after one instigator or the
her meets Final Death. And thus, the Old Country is
sked with ancient vendettas, as Fiends vie agai
based on an injustice one vampyr's sire's sire's sire is

ries in a military, scholarly or otherwise functional
ity may develop an uncomfortable measure of self-
. The wise voivode, recognizing this trait, uses it to her
antage.
Such worthy childer may, at the ruling voivode's whim, be
jected to the Rite of Release. This ritual frees the childe
mthe voivode's rule, allowing her to establish a fiefdom and
hilder of her own. Such an act serves three functions: It
pables a voivode to establish a proxy fiefdom in a nearby
, reduces competition for food and affection within her
fiefdom, and eliminates a potential impediment before
sentment can gnaw away at the emotions engendered by the

The childe is called before the voivode, her accomplish-
ents and character are praised, and she is asked if she would
ave her freedom. If, despite the pull of the Blood Oath, she

1s affirmatively (succeeds in a Willpower roll, difficulty
the voivode pronounces a mystic blessing over her: "Then

B, and may Moist Mother Earth mark the new dragon's
" Naturally, a celebratory feast follows the climax of

subjugated or pacified. In such a way
ablish a dynasty of loyal vassals guard-
Key positions, like a barbed spiderweb throughout the Old

The Ventrue and Lasombra, it would seem, are reborn to

. Both clans have potent Disciplines enabling influenc:
ror direct control of mortals. By contrast, the Tzimisce
such straightforward methods of manipulation. Although
any voivodes gain skill in Dominate and Presence over the
One might

Such a supposition would be a grievous and potentially
lethal error. If anything, Fiends are among the most territorial
and possessive of all Cainites, and nothing matters more to
them than security of the home. Over the centuries, Fiends
have developed many techniques for ensuring the stability of
their rule. Tzimisce do not need artificial means of turning
theirsubjects into quivering wrecks, and when they command,
they do not depend on mystical reinforcement to ensure
obedience.

Some might call the Fiends' methods of negative rein-
imisce would counter that they liv
in an untamed and violent frontier, and harsh means are

forcement monstrous;

necessary to guard their domains against marauding Lupines,
mortals and their own kind.

Many Tzimisce terror tactics are ubiquitous among mor-
tals, having been employed since the nights of biblical tyrants.
Certainly, such brutalities as collective punishment and pub-
lic torture are as effective in the hands of the living as they are
in the talons of the undead. But Tzimisce have developed
cunning methods of using their vampiric arts to guard against
insurrection — or at least to punish it.

Tzimisce are masters of Auspex, and this Discipline they
use to terrifying effect. Voivodes routinely stand atop the
battlements of their fortresses, listening to the words the night
wind brings as it wafts up from the villages below. The faintest
mutters of rebellion can reach the ears of a Fiend using
Heightened Senses, who thereupon devises a poetic and
hideous end for the would-be rebel. Obviously, the higher
powers such as Soulsight, Steal Secrets and Anima Walk also
prove useful in exposing recalcitrant subjects, until finally,
those governed grow too terror-dulled to even think of trea-
son.

Generally speaking, however, a voivode would not lower
herself to walk among mortal villagers, save as a predator. But
voivodes routinely create childer whose duties include pre-
cisely such Auspex-enhanced surveillance. These canny spies
slip from the dom by night, creep into the mortals' lairs and

employ Auspex powers to evaluate the prey's moods

mortals' deepest resentments are "magically" unearthed and
punished before they can even be acted on, the populace grows
too fearful even to think of revolt.

Other Tzimisce Disciplines likewise serve useful func-
tions in maintaining rulership. Besides i
punitive measure, Vicissitude allows the voivode or her childer

obvious value as a

to walk among the mortals in any number of guises. Even if a
practitioner is not sufficiently skilled to duplicate another, he
may still change himself into someone other than the dread
vampyr on the hill. Mortals are wise to distrust strangers in the
East.

Provided a Tzimisce has high Via score and can afford to
missa day or two of rest, Animalism allows auxiliary espionage
capabilities. Through the eyes of a cat, hound or cock, the
Fiend can spy on a village without leaving his lair — though
grown uncomfortably adept at

BOOK TWO: TZIMISC

certain wisewomen hav


discerning if a beast possesses "the evil eye." On a baser level,
Cowing the Beast proves exceedingly useful at numbing
unruly mortals, stripping them of courage and filling them
with apprehension.

Then, too, Tzimisce tend to be more openly predatory
than many other vampires. In practical terms, this means they
teplenish their Blood Pools more often, which in turn gives
them fewer qualms about spending Blood Points to enhance
Physical Attributes. Although Fiends may not specialize in
Physical Disciplines per se, a Tzimisce who has spent 10 or
more Blood Points to raise Attributes is capable of doing all
manner of gruesome things to a victim — and then replenish-
ing herself from the victim's family.

The greatest weapon, though, is the Tzimisce power over
the Blood Oath. Voivodes who have studied alchemy or
Koldunic Sorcery often find ways of extending the chains of
mystic servitude through entire family lines. Generation after
generation of peasants, lords, and even clergy dutifully serve
the voivode on the hill. The greatest and most useful of these
families are the revenant lines — but there are many, many
others, sprouting through the Old Country like poisonous
weeds. Provided the proper pawns are in place, a Fiend may
instigate a violent purge of her fiefdom without ever stirring
from her crypt.

Skeptics, noting the Old Country's predilection for inva-
sion, might scoff at the Fiends' vaunted might. Such doubters
should remember that Tzimisce are primarily concerned with
the supernal, and that the human spark burns much dimmer
inthemthanin most other vampires. What difference, Tzimisce
reckon, whether the ants scurrying through a lion's den are red
or black? Secure in her dwelling, a Fiend views "conquerors"
with a jaded eye, scrutinizing who among the invaders may
prove useful in future struggles with rival voivodes or werewolves.
As the conquerors levy tribute and solidify their power, the
Tzimisce stealthily deploys her minions among their ranks,
snatching a few key victims and substituting fleshcrafted
doppelgangers. And should any among the newcomers actu-
ally ignore their victims' "superstitions" and turn an avaricious
gaze toward the old castle on the hill — well, a few well-
chosen, well-placed examples quickly hammer the lesson
home to even the most impolite intruder. And so, the miasma
of fear envelops the invaders; within a few short generations
the conquerors and the conquered wear the same invisible
yoke and so are indistinguishable.

JMETAMORPHOSISTS

Outside the system of voivodes and vassals, the arcane
Metamorphosis sect walks the wilds in search of its abstract
goals. Although those unfamiliar with Tzimisce culture often
think of Metamorphosists as the clan's priests, the sect has
little use for either the God of Christendom or the antiquated
deities worshipped by many Tzimisce elders. Metamorphosists,
instead, seek to make themselves into godlike beings, or to
attune themselves to universal forces.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

Metamorphosists' theories bear similarities to Gnostic
thought: Through knowledge — of oneself, of one's capabili
ties, and above all of one's Blood — one sloughs off the fleshly
chains of life and the spiritual shackles of death, transcending
both states. Cainites, as undead, have already taken the first:
step of balancing themselves between these polar extremes
existence. It now remains for Metamorphosists to refine t
vampiric state to its utmost potential, and in so doing becom
divine. Many Metamorphosists even scoff at the entire notion:
of a vampiric "father" and "mother" (Caine and Lilith)
considering it superstitious pablum.

Metamorphosists prefer to congregate on sites of stror
vis; here they let the arcane energies permeate their bodiesas:
they send themselves into various trance states, as well asit
extremes of starvation and satiation. Some Metamorphosist
find revelation in the act of wandering; these vagabonds often
find themselves drawn into the West and the company d
other Children of Caine. Such coteries are typically short
lived — the abstract goals of Metamorphosists hold little
interest for their rapacious brethren.

THE PAcks

Not all Tzimisce are so fortunate as to have holdings
There is only so much land to go around; then, too, increasing
numbers of Fiends have lost ancestral holdings to the dept
tions of the Shadow Lords and the usurpation of the Tremere,

Seeking protection from the night's other denizens, dis
placed Tzimisce band together in units called packs. Huntin
together, feeding together and even (in opposition to normal
custom) resting together, a pack of Fiends is a cohesive and
dangerous unit. Packs commonly follow the strongest leader
with little quarrel, though there is a custom whereby rivals;
duel for leadership.

These packs live as bandits and predators in the wild
doing what they must to survive. Although the struggle
food consumes much of these wretches' existence, the mi
est of these packs hire themselves out as mercenaries
artisans. Certain packs have left the Old Country, selling thei
services in the West; Cainite powers, having long heard ta
of the flesh-shapers' erudition and arcane skills, eagerly see
their services, though in many cases the Tzimisce find wayst
take advantage of the "bargain."

KOLDUN

In the old nights, the term "koldun" referred exclusivel}
to those Fiends who practiced the Discipline of Kolduni¢
Sorcery. These nights, however, the term has taken on ane
meaning. Certain Fiends, displaced from their ancestral land
have traveled into the West, selling their skills as advisorsam
magicians to those Cainites likewise distrustful of the Tr

Such "kolduns" do not necessarily practice Koldun
Sorcery; the Vicissitude Discipline is exotic enough to
pires of the West, and Tzimisce have long held a reputationd
(albeit vicious) wisdom. More than one Western prince h


fiends' tactical minds to their liking, and certain elders among
Magisters have thought about approaching the Tzimisce

Even the mightiest vampyr must retreat to her haven
cockcrow, but Tzimisce care little for such trifling
macks. The wise voivode maintains her domain with legions

VENANTS

Other clans use ghouls as daylight servitors and minions.
Tzimisce, however, have refined this practice to its
highest form, creating "families" of ghouls whose powers are
hereditary. These ghouls, known as "revenants," are used as
‘infiltrators, warriors, and breeding stock for new vampyrs.
Many Tzimisce spent their childhoods among these freakish

families, whose practices include blasphemy, perversion and
cannibalism. Such experiences prepare a childe well for exist-
ence among the undead.

Revenants differ from normal ghouls in two respects.
First, each revenant's body manufactures a weaker vintage of
vampire vitae, effectively giving the revenant 10 Blood Points.
Second, each revenant clan possesses hereditary Disciplines,
which are learned and used as though the revenants were
vampires of an appropriate clan.

There are several major strains of revenants (presented
below), as well asa host of minor lines, such as the Rustovitches
and Ruthvenski. For more information on revenants, see the
Storytellers Handbook to the Sabbat and Ghouls: Fatal
Addiction.

BRATOVITCH

The bestial Bratovitch are the Tzimisce's shock troops.
They breed and keep the Fiends' hellhounds, and there is little
difference between them and their charges. Bratovitches tend
to live in isolated compounds, emerging only to make war or
capture mates.

Bratovitch-run fiefdoms tend to be miserable, even by the
standards of the Tzimisce. Constantly at war with their neigh-
bors, Bratovitch lords quickly grow infamous for their sadistic
rages and even more sadistic lusts.

BOOK TWO: TZIMISCE


Family Disciplines: Animalism, Potence, Vicissitude

Weakness: Bratovitches are infamous for savagery. They
frenzy as if they possessed the Brujah clan weaknes

Destiny: The Bratovitch family survives into the modern

era. For more information on the Bratovitch, see the Story-
tellers Handbook to the Sabbat and Ghouls: Fatal Addiction.

GRIMALDI

The family Grimaldi is the least populated and most
recently created revenant family — but this is acceptable to its
members, who are used to this position in the scheme of
things. Never able to compete directly with such luminaries as
the di Medici or Giovanni families, the Grimaldi has culti-
vated instead a remarkable adaptability, shifting allegiances
wherever it is most advantageous. Serving first one major
merchant house, then another, the Grimaldis were wealthy
enough to be comfortable, yet never so successful that others
viewed them as a threat.

This adaptability proved to be crucial to the family
survival. Sent to Bohemia to open relations in the growing city
of Prague, certain Grimaldi merchants instead found them-
selves in a devil's bargain with Bohemian voivodes. Seeking
pawns todeploy within the Holy Roman Empire, these voivodes
transformed a few Grimaldi patriarchs into revenants, who
quickly and bloodily took over the family, spreading their seed
through the surviving members. Now the Grimaldis serve as
the Fiends' distant hands — and, when necessary, fists.

Family Disciplines: Celerity, Dominate, Fortitude

Weaknes:
and Grimaldi vitae is tepid in comparison to that of other
revenants. Grimaldis have only eight Blood Points rather
than the usual 10.

The Grimaldi is a recently created family,

Destiny: During the Renaissance, the Grimaldis insinu-
ate themselves into the growing bourgeois class. Becoming the
Sabbat's "deep cover" agents, the Grimaldis survive to this
night as they always have — unobtrusively. For more informa-
tion on the Grimaldis, see the Storytellers Handbook to the
Sabbat and Ghouls: Fatal Addiction.

Tue Opertus (THE HipDEN)

This mysterious sect of revenants serves the Draconian
Tzimisce of Byzantium, serving as clerics and researchers for
that religion-obsessed line. Obertus commonly work in mon-
asteries and libraries, unearthing and cataloging all manner of
blasphemous secr

Family Disciplines: Auspex, Obfuscate, Vicissitude

Weakness: Members of the Obertus become obsessed
with secrets easily. This Obsession is treated as a Derange-
ment, with a focus on one particular sort of knowledge.

Destiny: The Obertus join the Sabbat as scholars and
researchers; they survive to the modern era. For more informa-
tion on the Obertus, see the Storytellers Handbook to the
Sabbat and Ghouls: Fatal Addiction.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

SZANTOVICH

If the Bratovitches are the Tzimisce's dogs of war, the
Szantoviches are the clan's feline infiltrators into rival courts.
This depraved family breeds its members for allure and charm,
then sets them loose into unsuspecting noble society. The
ghouls' unearthly attractiveness (courtesy of Presence and
Vicissitude) quickly wins them mates, who are just as quickly
disposed of and their estates appropriated. Such practices have
already made the Szantoviches exceedingly wealthy and influ-
ential; Szantovich revenants have married into the Premysl
dynasty in Bohemia and the Piast dynasty in Poland. Indeed,
certain Fiends have begun to wonder whether the Szantovich
has exceeded its desired scope.

Family Disciplines: Auspex, Presence, Vicissitude

Weakness: The Szantovich are easily addicted to plea
sure. After undergoinga pleasurable experience (a particularly
satisfying sexual encounter, a well-cooked and tender young
babe, etc.), the revenant must make a Willpower roll or
become addicted to the vice.

Destiny: During the tumult of the sect wars, the Szantovich
are forced underground. They resurface in the 1700s, having
Anglicized their surname to Zantosa. For more information on
the Zantosa, see the Storytellers Handbook to the Sabbat and
Ghouls: Fatal Addiction.

VLASZY

Bred from a hardy mixture of Slavs and Magyars, the
Vlaszy are the Tzimisce's cavaliers and kingmakers. The family
is centered in Hungary but has spread through the Old Coun-
try, dwelling in border fortresses along the most turbulent
frontiers. Vlaszy are skilled horsemen, mighty in war and adept
in statesmanship; many Fiends prefer them to the Bratovitches,
though Vlaszy often display an uncomfortable measure of
independence.

As the story goes, the Vlaszy willingly entered into the
Fiends' service in order to repay a great favor which the clan
performed for the family. The nature of the debt is unknown,
except to the eldest revenants, but it is reputedly this obliga-
tion, rather than fear or submissiveness, that keeps the Vlaszy }
in service. This is borne out by the Vlaszy's behavior; they are
an honorable line, having little love for their condition or the
acts they must perform to sustain it.

Family Disciplines: Animalism, Potence, Presence

Weakness: The Vlaszy do not like the Tzimisce but have
taken an ancestral oath to serve. All Vlaszy willingly under
takea Blood Oath toa Fiend upon their passage to adolescence.

Destiny: After the collapse of the Tzimisce clan during
the Anarch Revolt, the Vlaszy have the misfortune to end up:
on the side of the elders. With their characteristic honor, the
Vlaszy battle Velya, Lugoj, Vykos and the rest of the clan's
rebellious childer, dying to a man in the process. 1


KREVCHESKI

Like a maggot, the Krevcheski family has wormed its way

h the noble houses of Eastern Europe. They are a

olarly line, little interested in politics except to advance

family's access to the learning of the ancients. Krevcheski

intain small, but heavily fortified, manses; these estates

use expansive libraries containing Classical works and the
Krevcheski's own innovations.

The Krevcheski have a fascination with clockworks and
anisms of various sorts. Krevcheski artifice has provided
ngines to resist their enemies'
ances, as well as even more elaborate mechanisms to
ain those enemies following their capture. It is these
t devices that are the Krevcheski's particular joy, and
theski commonly impose harsh sentences on subjects
frely to have fodder for some new invention.

Family Disciplines: Auspex, Dominate
Weakness: Krevcheski are distrusted by the Tzimisce,
thus, have only learned two family Disciplines instead of

the normal three

Destiny: Later in the war, the Krevcheski will break their
Oaths and betray their masters, joining the side of the Tremere
ndchanging their name to Ducheski. What becomes of them
perhaps to the Council

Even Tzimisce grow apprehensive at the mention of the
. This re t line was bred by Byelobog and serves
squatamid the marshes of the northlands,

breeding stock.
The Khavi are a secretive line, existing only to advance
Byelobog's goals. Exactly how he bred them is unknown, but
Khavi are a strange family, even by revenant standards.

and their skin constantly peels away in flakes. The most
incient Khavi, those who advise the White God directly,
ibften appear as though they are rotting or suffering from
Family Disciplines: Animalism, Obfuscate, Vicissitude
Weakness: The Khavi's skin constantly flakes and peels,
Particularly in direct sunlight. Khavi exposed to direct sun-
Tight develop painful rashes and suffer -1 to Dice Pools until
ithe rash heals (healing normally takes [6 - Stamina] days,
during which the Khavi must avoid direct sunlight).
Destiny: The Khavi are exterminated by the Teutonic
Knights; the last one is slain in the 14th century.


GUARDIANS

These loathsome creatures are known by a variety of
names (the term "szlachta," an ironic usage of the Polish
Slavonic dialect's word for "aristocrat," is becoming promi-
nent). Inany event, guardians are ghouls shaped by Vicissitude
into horrendous monsters. The process likewise affects guard-
ian ghouls' minds; most are mad and murderous creatures fit
only to kill.
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Attack: Bonecrafted weapon for Str +2 dice; bite for 4 dice
Disciplines: Potence 1
Willpower: 4
Notes: Armor plating gives +1 die to soak rolls

HELLHOUNDS
This template refers to any of several sorts of Vicissitude-

altered canines. Tzimisce most commonly make use of
wolfhounds, though mastiffs and Great Danes are also used as
"raw material."

|: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Not likely
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Attack: Claw for 3 dice; bite for 5 dice
Disciplines: Potence |
Willpower: 4
Notes: Armor plating gives +1 die to soak rolls

Vozup

These mammoth composites are used as living siege
engines by voivodes at war. A vozhd consists of multiple ghouls
fused together through magic and Vicissitude into one com-
posite behemoth.

Statistics for vozhd are found in The Book of Storyteller
Secrets; more detailed rules to distinguish individual vozhd are

provided below.

Attacks: A vozhd has multiple limbs, enabling it to make
multiple attacks. It gains additional dice, which may only be
used to split Dice Pools. The number of extra dice it received
is (5 + [the number of ghouls used in construction/3]).

The vozhd has a number of Health Levels equal to the
number of ghouls used in its construction. The first third of the
Health Levels use the "OK" wound penalty, the next third use
the "-1" penalty, and the last third (before Incapacitated) use
the "3" wound penalty.


New Trairs

| _ Ar the foot of one of these gibbets, covered with flowers
like the column of a terrace, an executioner was seated...his
| gown was all covered with splattered blood and his hands
seemed gloved in red.... "I rebuilt a man from head to foot,
after removing his entire skin. He was so badly built! Ha! ha!"
— Octave Mirbeau, The Torture Garden
Tzimisce have developed many unique and secret arts in
} their distant solitudes. Many of these arts are practiced only in
| the Old Country; few Cainites experience them and live to tell
their clanmates.

SKILLS
| CRAFTS CBopy)

This is not anew Skill, buta refinement of the Crafts Skill
presented in Vampire: The Dark Ages on page 172. With this
Skill, a Fiend can control her use of Vicissitude. Each level of
the Body Crafts Skill enables its practitioner to refine her

technique and undertake more difficult "sculptures"; the lev-
els below should give an idea of what a Fiend is capable of
under ideal conditions (ample time, victim properly restrained,
etc.).

. Novice: Yank and tuck

ee Practiced: All your szlachta have "signa-

ture" deformities.

Competent: You can make a poetic example of
a transgressor.

Expert: You can make...things God never in
tended.

eeeee Master: You can create an exact duplicate of
someone.

¢¢eeee Legend: You can make an insightful and exact
duplicate of someone who exists only in ideal.

Possessed by: Tzimisce, Revenants

Specialties: Improving Appearance, Combat Use, Noses,

| Skulls, Beaks
TorTURE

Anyone can hurt a helpless victim; this Skill covers the
ability to do so in a planned fashion, for a specific end. A
skilled torturer can use torture devices to damage a victim's
Willpower (by rolling Manipulation + Torture, difficulty
equal to the victim's Stamina or Courage [whichever is higher]
+4, the torturer can strip away one point of temporary
Willpower per success). When Willpower is reduced to zero,
the victim confesses to whatever the torturer desires (even
falsely admitting guilt if necessary).

. Novice: Older brother

Practiced: Town guard
Competent: Magistrate's man

eeee Expert: King's torturer

¢¢eeeeLegend: Torquemada
Possessed by: Fiends, Inquisitors, Constabulary
Specialties: Psychological, Digits, Hot Irons, Confessions

Menrirs AND FLAWS
‘ViINDICTIVE: (3 pt. MERIT)

Your personal honor is your life, and you will go to the
ends of the earth to settle a score or avenge a slight. When
directly opposing someone who has insulted, shamed or harmed
you, you gain an additional die to all combat Dice Pools.

This bonus does not apply toward casual foes, only blood
enemies. For example, a Tzimisce would not get this bonus
against the bandit who ambushes her on the road but would
receive the bonus against the Shadow Lord who slew her sire
and drove her from her ancestral fief.

The down side of this Merit is that you must do everything
in your power to avenge such deeds or insults. Should you
refrain from action, the Storyteller is within his rights to
deduct temporary Willpower from your character until such
time as you pursue your vengeance once more.

NATURALLY SupeLe: (3 pt. MERIT)

You are attuned to Vicissitude like a fish in water (or
blood, or pus...). Your difficulties are reduced by two when
using Vicissitude on yourself (copying someone exactly,
bonecrafting someone into an elaborate shape, etc.).

Secutar: (4 pr. Merit)

You have begun to explore the first glimmers of what
awaits mankind after the Renaissance. You have a dim under-
standing of the scientific method, and while such concepts as
evolution and entropy are still beyond you, you have begun to
suspect that the world is much more complex than the Chris-
tian and pagan fools imagine. The difficulty to affect you with
any Faith-based power (including Infernal magic!) is raised by
one. Once per story, you may automatically regain a single
Willpower point (you do not live with the same dread of
damnation that many other Cainites do). Moreover, by spend-
inga Willpower point and making an appropriate Intelligence
+ Science roll, you may formulate concepts and invent ma-
chines unknown in your time (higher mathematics, elaborate
torture devices, etc.). The Storyteller must use prudence in
adjudicating this; a da Vinci-esque flying machine is remotely
conceivable, while an A-bomb (fun as the thought might be)
is impossible.

You may not follow the Road of Heaven or the Road of the
Devil. Moreover, the difficulties of all Conscience/Convic-
tion rolls are increased by one (you are too existential to be
overly concerned with your actions).

BOOK TWO: TZIMISCE


CINIQUE DISCIPLINE:
KOLDUNIC SORCERY

Tzimisce have long been renowned (or feared) as master
sorcerers, though their preeminence has been eclipsed by the
rise of the Tremere. Most Fiends have forgotten the elder
magic of long-ago nights, and few who remember teach it to
their childer. Nonetheless, there are a few ancients who still
practice the magical Discipline of Koldunic Sorcery.

System: Koldunic Sorcery resembles Thaumaturgy (and
is cast in the same manner), though it has no connection to
the Hermetic practices of the Tremere. It has its own paths and
rituals, which are incompatible with the magic of the Tremere,
though recent cooperation with House Tytalus has allowed
certain Fiends to develop Koldunic equivalents of the Paths of
Blood, Spirit and Flames.

This power is not considered a clan Discipline, though
Tzimisce with an appropriate mentor may learn the power
using the experience point costs for an outside-of-clan Disci-
pline. No Fiend would ever instruct a non-Tzimisce in the
Discipline.

Koldunism survives into the modern age, but is exceed-
ingly rare. The Fiends of the Oradea League are known to
practice the Discipline, as are certain Sabbat elders and their
childer.

Ko.tpuNic PATHS

Koldun learn a path equivalent to Spirit Thaumaturgy
(see The Vampire Players Guide), known as Spirit Ways, as
their first Path. Other Paths practiced by koldun include
Koldunic equivalents of Creo Ignem (Fire Ways), Rego
Elementum (Natural Ways), and Rego Aquam (Water Ways).
See Vampire: The Dark Ages for details on these Paths.

Kotpunic RITUuALs

Like Thaumaturgy, Koldunic Sorcery grants its wielder
access to rituals of various sorts. These rituals, though magical,
are not Hermetic, having no connection to the Egyptian/
Latin tradition. Many rituals (not surprisingly) require blood
tobe spilled (a Blood Point's worth per level of the ritual, from
either the caster or a sentient sacrifice); some also require
clumps of sacred earth (from a caern, node, barrow, graveyard
or similar site). Koldunic rituals are rarely written down;
practitioners rely on mnemonic cues.

System: Unless described differently below, these rituals
are invoked in a manner similar to Thaumaturgical rituals. In
order to cast a ritual successfully, the caster must make a
successful Intelligence + Hearth Wisdom roll (difficulty 4 +
the level of the ritual). Typically, only one success is needed
for the ritual to be successful.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

Hosprrauity (LEVEL ONE RITUAL)

This is a simple Koldunic ritual, but an important one.
This ritual, enacted nightly, allows the Tzimisce to "awaken"
the spirits in his haven. These spirits "manifest" themselves in
objects, which assume sentience and individualism, often
displaying unique personalities in the process. Thus, a Fiend's
gate might speak to the vampire in a dull, grating voice,
complaining about the weight of the castle on its keystones; a
mirror might slyly praise the vampire, while a knout might
cackle with glee and beg to be laid across a victim's back.

The Tzimisce may command any such house-spirit to
silence, and the spirits generally display servility and obsequi-
ousness. However, if ill treated (or if treated politely by an
intruder), the spirits may fail to warn the Fiend of intruders in
his domain (which is the primary function of the spell).

ConsurE LessER DEMON
(LEVEL THREE RITUAL)

Simply put, this ritual allows the sorcerer to evoke one of
the lesser demons that haunt the Slavic lands. These "demons"
have noconnection to infernal beings; they are most similar to
the spirits revered by werewolves. Nor do the demons attempt
to make a pact; the relation between sorcerer and demon
resembles that between a master and vassal (albeit a highly
malicious, intractable vassal). All Slavic demons have names,
which must be learned by the sorcerer, and all must be "sworn"
to the sorcerer by accepting a point of her blood. A koldun may
"retain" a number of demons equal to her Charisma or Intimi-
dation score (whichever is higher). Demons are not "bound"
to the sorcerer; she must coax or (more likely) cow them into
performing services.

A lesser Slavic demon can appear in virtually any shape;
many take the shape of normal animals, though some appear
freakish indeed. Use the stats for a demonhound or incubus
from Chapter Nine of the Vampire: The Dark Ages rulebook.
Storytellers owning Werewolf: The Apocalypse may also, at
their discretion, assign Slavic demons any of the various spirit
powers from that book.

Tue INMost Tuo (Leven Five Riruat)

Unlike most Koldunic rituals, this requires no blood
sacrifice or other dross; it can be activated with a single word
and a gesture. This ritual allows a voivode, by making
Manipulation + Empathy roll (difficulty of the victim's Will
power), to manipulate the emotions of a being bound in the
Blood Oath. For example, the love instilled by a Blood Oath
could be debased to lust, or refined to fraternal devotion. This
ritual can even be used to warp a Blood Oath into fear, hate,
or other negative emotions.


CoNJURE GREATER DEMON
(Leven Frve Rrrua)

This ritual is similar to Conjure Lesser Demon, except a
mighty entity of the Old Country appears. Such a being is not
generally subject to intimidation; it must be coaxed to serve,
and has no qualms about destroying the sorcerer should the
offer not be to its liking. For this reason, koldun rarely use this
fitual.

Like lesser demons, greater demons have individual names

and can appear in any shape. Storytellers should use the

femplate for a warrior servitor or tempter on pp. 268-269 of
Wampire: The Dark Ages and assign additional powers as
they desire.

Create Vozup (LEVEL Six RiruAt)

This ritual, combined with Vicissitude, enables its prac-
titioner to create a vozhd war ghoul (see Book of Storyteller
Secrets for the creature's statistics). The Tzimisce must gather
asizable number of ghouls —at least 15, though 20 or more are
commonly employed. The ghouls may be human or animal,
andall must be force-fed a concoction of each other's blood (a
Blood Point of the mixture will suffice). Once this is done, the
ritual begins.

The ritual consists of a continuous chant, which the
Fiend must utter while using Vicissitude to mold the ghouls
intoa composite creature. The casting Tzimisce does not have

tobe the
participate in the flesh-shaping. The ritual takes (the number

"sculptor" of the vozhd, though most prefer at least to

of ghouls used - 7) hours to cast, and the caster must maintain
the chant without interruption for the duration of the casting.
If this requires the caster to remain awake after daylight, he
must make Via rolls to stay awake.

Dracut (LeveL Nene Riruat)

Besides the obvious prerequisite (Koldunic Sorcery 9+),
the caster must have a Vicissitude score of 6+ to employ this
ritual; only two Tzimisce, including the Dracon of Byzantium,
are known to have used it. This ritual imbues the Fiend with
the primordial energies of the Old Country, transforming the
vampire into a hideous dragon.

System: The Fiend's Strength rating triples, his Stamina
rating doubles, and he sprouts a scaly hide equal to Class 4
Armor. The dragon may drink blood normally, and may also
choose to consume the flesh of slain foes; an entire human
corpse (12 Health Levels) may be chewed up and eaten per
turn, provided the dragon does nothing but eat. For each
Health Level of flesh "digested," the Fiend may regurgitate a
fiery acid inflicting one Health Level of aggravated damage
per "point" invested in it (maximum of six Health Levels
vomited pershot). The Fiend gains an additional five "Bruised"
Health Levels, but all difficulties to hit him are reduced by one
(he's enormous).


New DiscipttNE Powers
VRYKOLAS CANIMALISM LEVEL Sx)

Drawing on his unholy connection to the beasts of the
wilds, the Fiend drinks the blood of a ferocious animal — a
wolf, bear, boar, or what have you. Immediately after the
draining, a metamorphosis occurs: The Tzimisce takes on
some of the features of the beast, becoming a hybrid monster.
Fiends often use this power in combination with Assume the
Zulo Shape and Chiropteran Marauder, especially when mak-
ing war on Lupines.

System: The Tzimisce drains all the blood from an
animal. Over the next three turns, the Tzimisce sprouts fur,
tusks, claws, horns, and other assorted weaponry (the precise
accouterments depend on the animal killed). Generally speak-
ing, the Fiend gains +1 to soak dice, claws inflicting Str +2
aggravated damage, and a bite inflicting Str +1 to Str +3
aggravated damage (again, depending on the creature killed).
All Social Traits drop to zero.

This power costs two Blood Points to activate. The
Tzimisce must have a Vicissitude score of 3 or greater to use
this power

Tue Fiayinc (Auspex LEVEL Six)

This power has helped many a Fiend hold onto his
domain. Normally, it is very difficult to effect precise duplica-
tion of a specific person through Vicissitude. With this grisly
power, however, a Tzimisce may "graft" the skin of a flayed
victim to his own, enabling the Fiend to pose as the skinned
person. In this manner may Tzimisce infiltrate the halls of the
mighty.

System: The Tzimisce first uses Vicissitude (and perhaps
asharp knife or two) to flay the victim, then evokes this power
while naked and wrapped in the victim's bloody skin. The skin
"grafts" onto the Fiend's own, thus granting an automatic
Vicissitude duplication (no roll required). The Fiend may
maintain the stolen shape as long as he likes.

Once a shape is discarded, the victim's skin peels away
and the power ends. However, the Tzimisce can maintain a

mental "catalog" of "imprinted" shapes (a number equal to

Intelligence, or an infinite number if the Tzimisce has the
Merit of Eidetic Memory). Ar "imprinted" shape may be
assumed with five minutes' effort and a simple Dexterity +

Crafts (Body) roll (difficulty 6).

MASTER OF THE DoM
CAuspex LEVEL NINE)

This mighty power is available to only a few ancient
Fiends. The Tzimisce mystically taps into the spirits of the
land, effectively becoming one with the realm. Essentially, the
Tzimisce metamorphoses into something less like a vampire
and more like a guardian spirit; she knows most of what
transpires in the realm and gains a measure of control over the
land itself.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1


System: Once acquired, this power is always on. The
Taimisce picks a "fiefdom" on which the power centers (this
should always include the dom, and the area should be rela-
tively small — no more than a 10-mile radius). Within this
area, the Tzimisce is lord and master. All difficulties of Domi-
fate, Presence, Animalism and Koldunic Sorcery powers used
by the Tzimisce against natives of the fiefdom are reduced by
‘one; the Fiend may control weather and climatic effects in the
tealm (Intelligence + Hearth Wisdom, difficulty 6 to 10
depending on what the vampire wants to do); the vampire may
subtly shift landmarks, causing a traveler to become lost,
stumble into a pit, overlook a haven, etc. (again, difficulty 6 to
10, depending on what the vampire wants to accomplish); and
fhe may pinpoint intruders' locations within the fiefdom
(generally, difficulty 7).

This power has a drawback: The Tzimisce is effectively
"bound" to the fiefdom; she will never leave it willingly, and
ifforced out, she will suffer as though she were cut off from her
Special soil. Ifshe drops to below one die in all Dice Pools, she
withers and dies.

EnTRAIL SARABA
(Vicissirup)
The vampire with this' power may animate his bowels,
imbuing them with manipulat
The writhing entrails may be used as crude whips, extra limbs

and even combat potential.
orsnares, though they lack the strength to constrict foes.
System: The vampire must spend a Blood Point. The
Vaction is automatic, though the vampire takes one Health
Level of normal damage as his bowels burst out through his
abdomen. For
gains one additional die to perform actions such as grappling,

ch dot of Stamina the vampire possesses, he

striking, etc. However, these dice can only be used to perform
extra actions, not to add to existing Dice Pools.

VING TESTUDO

ICISSITUDE LEVEL Six)

The Fiends well remember the effectiveness of the large
shields used by the Roman invaders of their lands. Accord-
ingly, Tzimisce at war occasionally make use of a similar,
though ghastlier, substitute. Grasping a victim, the vampire
Uses flesh- and bonecrafting arts to lay open the victim's back
insuch a manner that her vertebrae are exposed. The vampire
then grasps the glistening spinal cord in the manner of a
doughty warrior hefting a shield, and hoists the victim bodily
by this makeshift "handle." Not only does the victim provide

protection against attacks, but — for so longas the victim lives
— the Fiend can manipulate the flesh and bone of the "shield"
to provide an arsenal of offensive weaponry.

System: The Fiend must have a Strength of 5 — through
any combination of nature; vitae and/or Potence —to use this
power. The testudo-to-be must be immobilized and her back
bared. The Tzimisce then makes a Dexterity + Crafts (Body)
roll (difficulty 8) to lay open the victim's back. If successful,
the victim loses only one Health Level; if the roll fails, the
victim dies hideously and a new shield must be sought.

The Fiend then lifts the screaming, twitching victim into
the air, using her to block attacks as he would a normal shield.
Attacks blocked in this manner inflict damage on the victim,
who remains intact until she has suffered five Health Levels
beyond the point of her death (at this point, the victim is too
mangled and tattered to provide further protection). Further-
more, while the victim lives, the Tzimisce can make a Dexterity
+ Crafts (Body) roll (difficulty 7) to form the "shield" into an
offensive weapon — for example, forming spikes from the
victim's rib cage, making a whip or noose from the victim's
skin, etc. Each weapon formed inflicts one Health Level of
damage on the victim and creates an appropriate weapon (i.e.,
rib cage spikes might inflict Str + 1 normal damage, while a
skinwhip would inflict Str - 1 normal damag
entangle an opponent, etc.).

IMPALER'S FENCE
VicissITUDE LEVEL SEVEN)

Some powerful

of their demesne:

ind possibly

zimisce use this power to mark the edges
To activate this power, the Fiend must
graspa victim, holding them fora full turn. The victim's spinal
cord springs through the crown of his skull and his anus,

generally causing the victim's death. Furthermore, the rigid

spine-shaft uncoils to a length of 10 feet and (if the victim

stands on soil, earth or other soft material) affixes the victim
to the ground, thereby forming a "stake" or "signpost" of sorts.

System: The vampire grasps her victim and rolls Strength
+ Medicine (difficulty 8); this roll is resisted by the victim's
Stamina (difficulty 8). If the vampire succeeds, the victim
takes (10 - Stamina) Health Levels of damage; Fortitude does
not help to resist this damage. Furthermore, the victim is
considered horribly encumbered (minus three to Dexterity).

It can be assumed that mortals who suffer this self-
impalement die shortly even if the initial damage does not kill
them.

BOOK TWO: TZIMISCE


THe HELLHOUND

Quote: Do not trouble me with trifles — I care naught for this
"famine" nonsense. I shall ask again — are you sure this is all the
tribute youcan spare the Sovereign One this harvest? Perhaps, then,
the Sovereign One should plant a new sort of crop. Yesss...Gather
every man, woman and child in the square at dawn. Separate them
by twos, and erect one sharpened stake for every pair; have it done
by sundown on the morrow, or the Sovereign One will grow truly
displeased...

Prelude: You grew up in the kennels of the Bratovitches.
From your earliest nights, your allegiance lay with the Master's
hounds — after all, you were whelped at the same bitch's teat,
housed in the same pen, fed with the same scraps, and beaten
with the same strap. You sported and hunted with the litters —
strangling any rivals who thought to challenge you, of course

— and by adolescence had swelled into a hulking mastiff of a
revenant.

One night you were unchained

and sent to make war on other dogs.
You led your pack howling under
the full moon to the village
your Master had designated
todie. Despite your savagery,
however, you were unpre-
pared when the villagers
began howling back.

Youengaged the leader,

a 10-foot tower of black fur
and red fangs. His claws laid
open your flanks, but you
would not suffer another ri-
val for leadership of your pack,
even one who reminded you
of family. Dropping in under
the splayed talons, you
grasped the champing
muzzle and squeezed with
all your might.

The rest of the werewolves
looked on, eyes widening in unchar-
acteristic horror, as you yanked the
man-wolfs head from its torso. You
hurled the trophy in challenge at your
foes, and your own pack followed. The
rest of the wolves fought well, but
their leader's death had unnerved,

them, and so, one by one, they fell {fp
taniler che gleaming moon.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

palende

fends

You dragged yourself back to the Master's tower before
dawn, where you eagerly (if monosyllabically) grunted yom
report. The voivode's eyes flickered when you reported the
village's destruction — he had expected you merely to whittl
a few of the wolves down, and he certainly had not anticipate
yoursurvival. Hmmm. ..there would be other villages to pacify
he reasoned, and if you tasted as foul as you smelled, you might
be of further use.

Concept: You are the voivode's first man — and all had!
best remember it. You are just canny enough to know that
voivode despises you, so you make yourself indispensable. Yom
Physical Attributes and Abilities reflect the violence youhavé
dispensed and endured all of your life.

Roleplaying Hints: At the voivode's behest, you ha
cultivated the thinnest veneer of civility — now, for example
you ask for tribute first instead of simply beating the vill
without explanation. Although you have little learning
less des
cunning. Your first interactions with other beings are c
attempts at intimidation; should this fail, toady to any in
power while you devise more subtly violent schemes.

Equipment: Hellhounds, mace, scale hauberk, writ d

authority
‘CAMDRE

Nawe: Narurs: ROGUE Gexennmonsttey
Puwex: Deneanon: BAREARAN HAVEN:
Cimoxscue Conse T2MISCE Concerr: HeuHouN

FAUTTRIBUTES'
Puyscat So
Serength, ° 0000 Perce
Destenty Monipelaion. 2000
Appennnce 0000

ABILITIES:

Tauexts ‘Sus Kxowurpors

Acting {000000 Animal Ken @@8000 000000
900000 0000

(000000 0000

‘00000

‘000000
000000 ‘000000
see000 . (#80000
800000 Bi 000000 (00000
980000 000000 (000000
000000 Survival #20000 (000000

FADVANTAGES'

BackorouNps
ceueaten 0000
tee

Varrues

Se Cont

Orner Tras: ‘Heaun:
gecoes Qooooo0o00
soooos QUOOGGO000
soeeee OR pegaaeaa

Incapoctated

Weaxness


HE DISPLACED
MASTER

Quote: J would not speak of such things on a night like this,
were I you.

Prelude: Everyone in your village shunned you. They
Mhispered behind your back, speaking of your evil eye. In
truth, you felt an evil eye scrutinizing you —as you grew older,
you felt a presence beyond your hovel's walls, like the breath
ofan invisible spirit.

When you were six, Old Darvulia, the witch, came for
you. She took you from your parents and into the forests,
Where she taught you Cyril's letters and many things besides.
You came to know the revels high atop the hills, the dead
hands stretching from rivers, the things that shambled from
the forests at night.

There was, of course, a limit to what Old = Darvulia

could teach you. One night, when
the balefires flared green on the
rags and demons bellowed amid
the thunderclouds, the Deathless
) Ones came from their lairs. Old
PDarvulia waved ros
mary and croaked
charms, and the pale
creatures laughed and
gripped her tight. As
your tutor shriveled
like a dried fruit be-
J neath the Deathless
Ones' fangs, you could
not help but join in the
| corpses' laughter.
They took you away to
the House on the Hill and
presented you to the one
who sat on the throne
F therein. He looked into
your eyes, and past them,
and you felt a chill wither
your soul, like the breath of
an invisible spirit.
You learned much un-
der the voivode's teaching,
and became first among his
pupils. Alas, neither your
nor your master's knowl-
edge sufficed to save you
the night the leathery
shapes leapt bellowing from
the battlements. The last
| thing you saw as you fled

on the master's hellhorse was the voivode himself, noble finery
and the dead skin underneath reduced to ribbons beneath the
Gargoyle onslaught.

Since then, you have done what you must to survive. You
have served one voivode after another; you have walked with
Brujah and Cappadocian, Gangrel and Toreador (and, some
whisper, Tremere). You have traveled to the lands of the
Moors to discourse with Assamite scholars, and you have
learned secrets in midnight libraries amid the French Alps. But
always, your dead heart pulls you toward the House on the Hill,
whose mysteries will once again be yours.

Concept: You are equal parts noble and scholar, your
knowledge applied primarily toward self-advancement. Un-
like many scholars, you are not devoid of social graces, but
those you display are merely for show, instinctive mechanisms
to avoid unnecessary entanglements. You are an unerting
scale, assessing people and things into their proper categories,
and when you are alone with someone you have deemed
unworthy, you can be a truly terrible creature.

Roleplaying Hints: Treat others with distracted polite-
ness until you have assessed their use to you. File the useful
ones into their proper categories and relate to them abstractly
but efficiently thereafter; the worthless ones, of course, are best
deployed as pawns against your enemies.

Equipment: Fine traveling clothes, short sword, scrolls
and books, coin of the realm

——— ae

yor DARK LOIS.

Nawe
Puen:
Cimontcus:

Narane: AUTOCRAT
Deneanon: ADGE
Cuwse TRMASCE

Gexemaron:ew
Have

Pays

FLT TRIBUTES'

TaueNts

Alpuurries

@e0000

Discrpunes

Aust
oisaTuDE

ADVANTAGES
Backorounns

aus
Contes 20.
nue
REOUREE

‘On Tears

Wipower

e@eee000000

odooo0000000
Buo00 Poot

Qoooooo000
ooooo00000

Teun
1
1

Weaxxess

a See

BOOK TWO: TZIMISCE


THe DARK KNIGHT

Quote: The conscripts are doing the best that humans can do,
my liege, and the szlachta do the fiefdom proud, but we have the
Teutons on our right and the Shadow Lords at our heels and we are
dying out there, Your Excellency Yes. Yes, milord. Punish
the village for its failure. Every soul sent screaming to Hell. I hear
and obey

and.

Prelude: You were a seventh son of a seventh son, heir to
nothing save a brigandine hauberk and a German sword. You
erving in the Byzantine army and later

in the Third Crusade. You participated in some few deeds of

put both to good use

valor and many, many atrocities; when the wars were over and
Jerusalem lay under the crescent, you left a land and a faith
that meant nothing to you.
A voivode mistook your resigna-
tion for callousness. Although
nominally Christian, you knew
enough about the ancient traditions
tobear your fate stoically. Ifthe Fiend
was no better than your old leaders, at
least she was more honest about it.
You were placed in charge of the
voivode's armies, leading her szlachta
and Bratovitch dog-soldiers against
Tremere, Ventrue and Lupines.
You broke the
advance of
Goratrix's
elite Gar-
goyle
flocks dur-
ing your
first cam-
paign, and
you hold off
the Usurpers to
this night.
What you
see sickens you.
It isn't the
atrocities
ubiquitous
to the

Tzimisce
aggressive in defending one's land. No, it is your liege lady's
indifference tow

you saw similar horrors at Acre, and one must be
‘d those who fight and die in her service. The
things you command may not look like thesainted iconsin dil
Church, but they are yet men, and your sympathies lie more
with them than with your lady high in the tower.

Concept: It is rumored that deep amid the Balkans dwell
roosters with plumes of fire and fanged beaks, and perhaps this
is true, for you are a specimen rarer than hen's teeth —a
compassionate Fiend. You are a skilled leader, ably balancing
pragmatism and sympathy; this has earned you more loyalty
than any Blood Oath could. Your Physical Attributes and
combat Abilities are high, courtesy of a lifetime of war.

Roleplaying Hints: You were weary before you took up

arms and your service to the voivode has granted you
little respite. In battle, you are an efficient engine of war; in
service, you are meticulous enough to win the Fiends' respect.
Alas, they are beginning to lose yours, and some nights you
gaze toward the horizon's pyres and yearn for the liberating
flames.

Equipment: Chainmail hauberk, broadsword, destrier,
banner with voivode's standard

YAMPIRE

DAW AGEs

Naw
Puaven:
Cunonicus

Narare: DEFENDER
Deawanon: LONER
Cows T2MISCE

Gexernmon: fy
Haven:
Concert: DARN

FAUTTRIBUTES*

Menta

Tauents
eee000
900000

eee

Lendenbip

srvival #00000

Kxowurpors
Acalemicr 000000.
Hearth Wisk

Dsscapux
aun

auner
erssmane

ADVANTAGES'
BackorouNp
been
RSORE
san —

‘Orne Tras

Roan:
convey
eeeeeeee0n

Wurpower

@ 000000000

Oooocoo0000
Bu000 Poot.

Oooooo0000
oooooo0000

Hearn

Crippled 5
Weaxness


HE JADED
ARISTOCRAT

Quote: A traveler seeks shelter from the storm? Oh, I smell
he is no more than 14 winters...and a virgin! Marvelous!

Prelude: You were groomed for nobility amid the cata-
combs of the Szantoviches. As a ghoul, you were trained in all
thegentle and womanly arts common to Szantovich daughters
and were later given in marriage to a count along the Bohe-
mian marches. (He died dishonorably in h
tumed white and face swollen with terror, no doubt from the

onjugal bed, hair

untimely illness that laid him low.)
Of course, there was a small im-
passe concerning the inheritance, but
after you had discoursed privately
and at length with your stepchil-
dren and the local magistrate,
everyone was all too happy to
cede the estate to you. Your
demesne thus established, you
set about civilizing your bar-
baric fief with all that Classical
and Byzantine culture had to
offer. Your court attracted no
few visitors along with its in-
famy —thougha few honeyed
words and bloody examples
sufficed to quiet your subjects'
worst rumormongering.
Still, when strange
shadows were seen flitting to
your battlements against the
moon, the villagers whis-
pered. When children be;
disappearing from the nearby
hamlets, the villagers hissed.
And when pale riders swept
out of the East to sojourn at
yourestate, the villagers' sus-
picions were confirmed in
gruesome fashion. By then,
of course, it was too late.
The masters had deemed
you worthy, and you were
vampyr.

Your retainers inform you that the peasants mutter of the
Deathless Hell-Countess, but what is that to you? The kineare
yours to do with as you will and you owe them no explanation.
Recent
and low, and your estate has begun entertaining visitors from

‘ou have begun cultivating pawns in high places

a mighty court indeed.

Concept: You were Szantovich in life and in some ways
embody what the Toreador will later become. No, that is not
so — you are a hundred times worse. You are adept in all
courtly arts, leaving overt violence to your retainers and
demonic emissaries.

Roleplaying Hints: You are as sweet and inescapable as
a quagmire of honey. You never appear imperious at first,
treating churchmen and magistrates with courtly hospitality.
You slyly cultivate a compassionate, aristocratic fagade, par-
ticularly toward young girls, whom you adore. Erzsebet Bathory
and the White Witch of Narnia have nothing on you, my
pretty...

Equipment: Castle, levies, szlachta, implements of tor-
ture worthy of a Renaissance dungeon, several beautiful pages,
several hideous ex-pages, several cysts that were ex-pages,
hellhounds, library of blasphemous and prurient tomes.

\

Naw Narune: MONSTER
Puaven: Denteanon: TYRANT Have:

GuveRnmon:e

Cmonacurs Cuane TOME

AUrrripures'

Conecrir: saben aesstocear

80000 Appesance Wie,

Abus:
eeeo00 | M 200000

FADVANTAGES
Dscwunts Vorerars
a 2000 Tow

Kxowurnars
000000 Acalenicr_-880000
000000 Hearth Wadon__000000

Sheet 2000 Sun

Pes Centon ©:
rosa
Steere

Oren Tears
it tN So000
So0000 @®00000000
—secceo qnognooo00
—pe0000 uote Root iasenaeencae
ooooes, GOooD00000 wae
"secooo AAGGGG0000

Wusrower—=

= SS

BOOK TWO: TZIMISCE


2lppendix:
rom {I qi of
 Sambach ution.

a


ARE: oceans parted from

bloody old
pd 9 weakling. | am a lord of the

9M a good lad,

! was at a

of Lugoj's Ni

thrice, on the brownstone
ere are catacombs beneath the
to the subwai
and where those lead.

these connect
the Nosferatu,

phe could not find

minaries among the Damned,

ta;
floor'

Zantosa fete over a
ight arose again. 0,
550 aors, beings so brit

something more entertainj

more concentr,

On any given night, so much blood.

Scarlet web of by,

it is to be Tzimisce:
l already know what | am,
! think.

"Iam a good lad.

Savage games. Let th

lod. Enough to sate.

em take prid

Europe. | am
Sabbat. Abov

N any given night,
‘ated 4 registry? of

So much blood. A X

le in what
far better than any of them,

G coward

ped his cane, once, twice,

e all, Klara,



ook Three:
Pateicians

Dere 3 sit voithin my crumbling vwoalls voriting
these vwoords while the cries of SyHiNg men suc
round me int the darkness and great fires - the
funeral pores of a bygone age — buen in the
distance. 3 d0 not knove that you voill firid this

last testament for the destruction that comes
for me mar be foo complete, but there are thintgs
that 3 cannot leave unsaid Verhaps you, fo
vohom 3 voas closest arnong all my childer can
achieve some measure of understanding from
these last words and voill not be left to ventiuve
forth into the darkness entirely unguided
VOhen 3 was but a childe, 3 d1d not see in
rmysetf the seeds of the trycrant 3 would become
ther lay docmant deep voithin my breasf voait-
ing only for the Hiamuli of Hood and war to
grove into full Loom 3 desired not to cule, but
merely to chronicle the eoents of the kingoomin
vohich 3 dveelf and perhaps, to play a small role
in the lars eflorts to guide it to a better future. 7
datls fate avoaited that fair kingdom, hoveever
and with ifs unwelcome arrival came the fiest
Hiccings of change in my lifeless heart


Savage barbarians swept in from the north, bringing death and despair with them. Our people were helpless, unable to predict
the timing of their raids and incapable of resisting their might without preparation. As the raids worsened, food and other resources
grew short. Civil war arose within the kingdom itself. Our once-proud land split into warring factions, each tearing at the others
with vulpine single-mindedness, while around the periphery, the wolves gathered.

Itwasa long, dark time for our folk, and many elders whom I had thought invincible perished in the innumerable sieges, battles
and raids that punctuated those grim decades. Most of us withdrew from the coast and its vulnerability, trying to preserve a tiny
domain for ourselves. It was the brutal, interminable, exhausting defense of that first fief, I think, that infected me with the
incurable hunger that drives me to this very night. Again and again my opponents, both mortal and immortal, tried to take what
was mine, but to no avail. I learned this lesson first and best: Defend what is yours, let no other take it from you, for that dishonor
is worse than Final Death itself. It is with such thoughts in mind that I gird myself for what comes.

Toensure the safety of that first fief, I had to expand my power base — no one whostands alone is truly secure. In this I learned
asecond lesson: The acquisition of power only whets the appetite for more. It was during those first nights while I painstakingly
constructed the core of my empire that I was truly happiest. Most believed that I had little chance to succeed, but I triumphed
anyway, uniting my vassals, Cainite and kine, in the alliance that drove the invaders from our lands.

My victory was complete, and with it came the spoils I wanted so dearly. The kingdom was mine. As prince, | established
tight control over my subjects, and for this some labeled me a tyrant, but the memory of the fragmented fief that had been an easy
victim for its enemies was always in my mind. I became obsessed with ensuring that such events would never happen again. I
hunted down and destroyed my foes throughout the land and I sired childer, such as yourself, to rule in their stead. Even my most
vehement detractors cannot deny that I brought order where there had been chaos, plenty where there had been want, and
strength where there had been weakness.

My reign passed quickly to my eyes, although it consumed the better part of centuries, a time in which I ruled unchallenged.
Success, however, sometimes harbors costs that are dire indeed, and this is perhaps the most ironic of all lessons. Overwhelming
victory is sweet, but it makes enemies out of those who fear strength and unites opponents who would have otherwise remained
divided. Itbreeds jealously in those lesser beings who would claim all credit for themselves and for whom no reward is great enough.
All around me, dark forces more inexorable than fate itself toiled ceaselessly. I saw my closest friends become the bitterest of my
enemies, despite decades of unquestioning loyalty. Without warning, ancient foes whom I believed long dead rose again, their
powers increased tenfold, and their minds focused solely upon vengeance, and rivals whom | had unwisely counted upon to
continue fighting amongst themselves made peace, joining forces against me. Success had brought me ruin, but my downfall was
shaped by more than the blind workings of destiny.

This, then, is the last of my lessons to you, childe, and be certain you learn it well. There are powers abroad in this world that
manipulate the affairs of the most powerful Cainites as if we were but children. We refer to these beings as the Daeva, and it is
they who are our greatest and most mysterious foes. Among their ranks are the Antediluvians, those most ancient and monstrous
representatives of our kind, but they comprise only an incomprehensible element of the awful whole. Unimaginably powerful
spirits, nigh-omniscient magi and terrifyingly beautiful lords of the fae also occupy the ranks of these secret masters. Each Daeva
fears and distrusts the others, resulting in an endless hidden war that can lead only to ruin. The Dark Father, Caine himself, saw
that the Daeva bring only pain and sorrow to his children and he bid our founder to oppose the Secret Masters' works wherever
he could. That, too, is our task; we are soldiers of the night who follow in the footsteps of our fallen lord. We must oppose the
Daeva wherever we encounter their work, and, perhaps most importantly, we must combine the strengths of the Children of Seth
and of Caine into a union that is strong enough to resist their manipulation.

By bringing strength, unity and prosperity to these lands I have entered unwittingly into the war of the Daeva. Their
unspeakable hand is evident in the forces that even now move against me. Who knows? — perhaps my rise was part of their plan
as well — but my downfall assuredly is. The sounds of battle grow louder as my enemies pour through the breach and flood the
killing ground beneath the keep. I go now to join the final battle.

May your will never falter,

Friederich von Taunenberg, CS my. The Year of Our Lord 1197
a;

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 1


3

FN INTRODUCTION TO CLAN
VENTRUE

I greet you childe, in the name of Clan Ventrue. With
these few pages I hope to introduce you to the history of the
clan to which you now belong. Additionally, | wish to impart
to you some of the wisdom that has been passed down to us
from Ventrue, who was our father. Read closely, and take these
lessons to heart, for you cannot hope to rule — let alone
survive — without understanding the origins of the shadowy
world that surrounds you.

We of Clan Ventrue are the purebred aristocracy of the
night, the direct descendants of Caine, through the blood of
his most beloved childe, Ventrue himself. The vitae that flows
through your veins is the noblest in the world. Do not dishonor
it, for with this heritage comes an awesome responsibility.
as the true inheritors of the mantle of Caine,
to rule in his stead, preserving the most ancient of our kind's

Ivis our duty

traditions. We are the kings of this world and its generals, the
soldiers of Caine carrying his banner against a time when it will

bedesperately needed. It is not outofarrogance that we assume

this role; rather, it is because we know the awful truth against

ga
which we must vanguard.

Ventrue studied at the knee of the Dark Father during the

ning from him terrible secrets
fragment of knowl-
edge that we have preserved concerns the existence of

early nights of the First City, |

that our clan still guards. The most cruciz

unimaginably powerful entities known as the daeva. Ventrue
learned of these beings from Caine, who revealed to him that
the world is secretly manipulated by powers far beyond the
perceptions of common beings. These creatures, or daeva, seek
toshape the very nature of existence to their own unknowable
ends, manipulating even the most powerful Cainites with
alarming ease.

Caine recognized the threat these beings posed and fore-
saw a day of Armageddon in the far future when the world lay
in ruins. We, his beloved children, would survive but only

hunted remnants of our once-proud clan. Those humans,
lupines and mages who remained alive would place the blame

Oa the

for the catastrophe upon the Children of Caine and hound us
across the blasted landscape. The chief pawns in this battle for
the future of our kind are the Children of Seth, for it is mortal
society that most truly defines the shape of the world. Ventrue,
in his wisdom, recognized that our clan is in the best position
to influence society and steer it away from the coming apoca-
lypse.

Thus, in keeping with the stern duty that Caine originally
placed upon our founder, Clan Ventrue has sworn to prevent

this dark future from coming to pass. We have quietly assumed

the terrible burden of responsibility. Someone must take
charge, uniting Cainites and kine together into a force that
can combat the sinister efforts of the daeva. Granted, this role

places us in terrible dangei ave become the beacons of

opposition to the secret powers that vie to guide the world —
but we do what we must regardless of the consequences.

ON THE MATTER OF DAEVA

The daeva include the Antediluvians, but they
are only the most familiar horrors amongst a far
greater whole. Immensely powerful mages, lupines,
demons and spirits are also active in the world,
twisting reality to fit their own inscrutable desires.

hate one another, dragging the world into their
ancient and endless secret war.

Some young Ventrue disbelieve the entire con-
ceptofthedaeva, believingthem tobe acontrivance
of elders in the interests of maintaining discipline.
Likewise, those few outside the clan who know of
the theory consider it gibberish — the product of

These incomprehensibly powerful beings fear and |

centuries of paranoid Ventrue minds given free
Teign.


This view of the world has had a strong effect upon our
clan, creating the qualities of arrogance, isolation, social
bigotry and paranoia that are, to most, the defining character-
istics of the stereotypical Ventrue. What they donot understand
is that it is our destiny to lead the other clans, rebuild the
Second City and oppose the daeva. It is obvious that we are the
only ones fit for the job, thus, it is understandable if we grow
irritated when some fool questions this fact. Our confidence
and selflessness in this role leads others to mislabel us as
arrogant, mistaking pride-of-place for conceit and martyrdom
for vanity.

Additionally, this confidence occasionally blinds us to
newand changing conditions, and —as muchas we would like
to deny it — even Ventrue elders recognize that our clan'
traditional ways can sometimes lead to stagnation. Certain of
their own wisdom, some Ventrue elders withdraw from the
world and lose touch with those they govern. Our clan's
pragmatic respect for success, however, saves it from st:

Despite the ingrained Ventrue tendency to respect tradition

and age, we value accomplishment most highly, regardle:

means —a fact that has allowed many young Ventrue to gain
status quickly after particularly successful coups.

Since matters of precedence are so important, however,
clan members jealously guard what honors they possess and
obsess over attainingand protecting their status. The constant
conflict over position, which results whenever large groups of
Ventrue gather, severely handicaps our attempts to accom-
plish anything and leaves the clan divided against itself. Some
of the fiercest battles of the Dark Medieval world are wars of
Ventrue against Ventrue. Although the members of our clan
share the same traditions, those traditions teach that power
goes to the strongest and most ruthless. Thus, wars among
Ventrue are usually fought over fitness to rule, leaving indi-
vidual clan members strong, but isolated.

Fear of the daevaand the ambition of fellow clan members
has also bred paranoia among our clan as a whole. The typical
Patrician views even the most common event with suspicion,
fearing unseen manipulation. Dramatic occurrences such as
war, plague or famine are even more likely to be seen as the
deliberate result of external manipulation. Responsibility for
many events can be laid at the feet of the other clans, but truly
mysterious or traumatic happenstances are generally believed
to be the work of the daeva. For many of our clan, the
stereotypical Ventrue thirst for power has a deeper meaning.
The only decisions that we can be sure are not the result of
manipulation by the daeva are the decisions we make ourselves
—and even then we cannot be truly certain.

Convinced of its own rightness, consumed with status
and propriety and seeing enemies around every corner, Clan
Ventrue has carved out a position of leadership within the
rigid social structure of Europe, but clan elders see dangerous
times ahead. Clan Ventrue is now stronger than it has ever

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

been since the death of Charlemagne, but it is also divided.
Once proud and united, we have fragmented into warring
factions, separated by geography, kinship and patronage.

Each faction regards itself as independent and safeguards
its own interests at the expense of the clan as a whole. Long-
standing feuds that extend for generations have developed
between factions. Many of these groups have drastically differ-
ent ideas on how the clan should direct its activities. Some
factions concentrate their influence among the clergy or local
nobility, while others work to strengthen the monarchy against
its rivals. A growing minority has even begun to pursue
mercantile interests, a decision seemingly at odds with the
very concept of Ventrue nobility.

A few wise clan members now see how dangerous this
divisive situation truly is. Fractious and warring amongst itself,
Clan Ventrue is easy prey for its many enemies and the perfect
tool of the daeva. We fear that without internal order, the clan
cannot hope to combat its many enemies. Other clans circle
like vultures over Ventrue holdings in France and the Holy
Roman Empire, while strange tremors shake our tenuous grip
on the Church hierarchy. Across Europe, the elders of Clan
Ventrue gather their forces for the coming struggle.

THE RISE OF THE WEST:
CLAN VENTRUE AND THE
Dark MEDIEVAL WorLD

It is impossible to fully understand our clan's role in the
world without an appreciation of how it has evolved since the
tragic fall of Rome. In most respects, this story is one of internal
division and of lost chances, but throughout the dark times,
our clan has maintained its grip upon the fabric of western
society, ever working to repair the damage caused by the
empire's collapse.

THE FALL OF ROME AND THE EARLY
FEUDAL PERIOD

The Roman Empire was a bastion of Ventrue power. In
the early nights, our clan was united and claimed sole control
over the empire; however, the alliances necessary to defeat
Carthage required us to share power with other clans, prima-
rily the Toreador and Malkavians. With these other clans
came the weaknesses inherent to each, diluting Ventrue
strength when it was needed most. They challenged us for
control of the senate and the emperor and were joined in this
struggle by other, non-Cainite forces including mages, power-
ful demons and the Children of Seth. Soon the emperors were
swayed by so many different influences that no one could
predict, let alone control, their actions. With most of our
energies turned toward survival, the empire was bereft of
leadership and began its tragic decline. Even before the death
of its last ruler in A.D. 476, the empire was a moldering corpse,
and it was time for the chief parasites to seek other hosts.


After the fall of the Roman Empire, Clan Ventrue frag-
mented into four main factions: the Byzantines, the Inconnu,
the Nobles and the Ecclesiasticals. Two of these factions, the
Inconnu and the Byzantines, withdrew from the mainstream
of clan politics. Instead, they remained obsessed with the fall
of Rome, each seeking to preserve the Eternal City's traditions
in its own way. The Nobles and Ecclesiasticals, on the other
hand, sought shelter among particular groups of kine, using
them to extend their power into the new barbarian age.
Those Ventrue who were too cowardly to remain and
defend their ancestral lands shifted their power base from
West to East, relocating to Byzantium. Many tradition-bound
Patricians settled in Constantinople, the Capital of the East-
ern Empire, hoping to continue onas they had in Rome. These
Ventrue formed an alliance with the Toreador and Tzimisce
geared toward restoring the glory of Rome in the East. They
assumed a position of influence in the Byzantine aristocracy
and Church but have been forced to share power with the
other clans. Although they remain influential within the
empire, the Byzantines have distanced themselves from their

fellow clan members and exert virtually no influence over clan
policy as a whole. Nevertheless, in their own way, they

kept the traditions of Imperial Rome alive for over 700 years.

The Inconnu, on the other hand, seem less interested in
preserving the empire's traditions than in avenging its fall.
These inscrutable elders reacted to the sack of Rome by
withdrawing from the world and enticing powerful members of
many clans into their ranks. Little is known about the Inconnu
or their goals other than their passion to avenge or counteract
the destruction of the Roman Empire. Some of the oldest
Roman Ventrue are believed to have assumed key roles within
this mysterious sect

For the majority of Ventrue, however, things were much
less settled. As the Western Empire declined, it was overrun by
hordes of Germanic barbarians, who migrated west and south
under pressure from the even more savage Huns. The Ger-
manic tribes, Visigoths, Ostrogoths and Vandals conquered
the West and settled among the Roman population. They
interbred with the dwindling Roman aristocracy and super-
seded them in many locales. Western Ventrue were left with
little choice but to exert their influence over this new Ger-
manic nobility. They used two main methods: direct control
overselected noble families and indirect manipulation through
the powerful Christian Church.


Sy

DD at

A am ME as

The Nobles scattered away from Rome and the Mediter-
ranean Coast, infiltrating the barbarian aristocracy as the
invaders squabbled among themselves and quickly fell into
almost constant warfare. The perpetual threat of siege and
battle made survival difficult for the clan. Many Ventrue met
their Final Death during this period, including some of the
most powerful figures of the Roman Era. Others slipped into
torpor, hoping to wake in a more settled time. Those of us who
survived became masters of the arts of warfare and politics, but
we also became isolated by internal schisms. As our fate grew
more and more entwined with the families we controlled,
Ventrue often found themselves at odds with other Ventrue.
Intra-clan warfare, both open and covert, was the result. Out
of this fierce competition, skilled leaders emerged and forged
small estates by establishing control over a few strategic
families.

Those clan members who remained in the Mediterranean
area and assumed positions of leadership within the Church
became known as the Ecclesiasticals. At first, they concen-
trated solely upon the Church's administrative apparatus, but
later, after the Rule of Saint Benedict ensured the success of
the monastic way of life, they became involved with wealthy
monasteries. Clan members in the Church initially sought
refuge from waves of barbarian assault but quickly realized that
the route to eventual control was through conversion. During
the 5th, 6th and 7th centuries, Christianity played a key role
in the survival of western thought, Roman tradition and Clan
Ventrue. By converting powerful barbarian monarchs, the
Church absorbed the invaders into the mainstream of western
culture, turning them from outside threats into Christendom's
staunchest defenders. The clan Disciplines of Presence and
Dominate proved extremely useful in this process, allowing
valiant Patricians to exert necessary influence over the often
strong-willed barbarian leaders.

Some Ecclesiasticals concentrated upon the preservation
of ancient wisdom — both Roman and older Cainite lore —
passed down since the time of the Second City. These clan
members found allies among the growing monastic movement
of the 6th century. Monks withdrew from the world, forming
self-sufficient communities (often in isolated locales), which
were perfect hiding places for Ventrue with too many enemies.
They were good places to conceal both valuable clan records
and artifacts from the chaos of the outside world.

Additionally, influence within monasteries provided our
clan with access to the only centers of knowledge and learning
still viable in the chaos of Europe. Monks were practically the
only mortals capable of reading, writing or performing even
simple mathematics and, therefore, were the primary source of
the few administrative clerks employed by early feudal mon-
archs. Controlling the monks meant establishing foothold in
what little bureaucracy still existed, and it also provided an
opportunity to rebuild.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

eee HAND THE SECOND DARK
GE

By the time that the Frankish Kingdom rose to power
during the latter half of the 8th century, we were ready to
reassert ourselves as the true rulers of the West. With Ventrue
backing, a succession of skilled monarchs guided the rise of the
Frankish state, culminating in the reign of Charlemagne. By
the time he was crowned Holy Roman Emperor by Pope Leo
on Christmas Day A.D. 800, Charlemagne ruled the greatest
empire since the fall of Rome, including most of Europe from
the Pyrenees to Saxony. Throughout the continent, powerful
Ventrue assumed key roles in the feudal infrastructure that
formed the backbone of the Frankish Kingdom.

Support from the papacy was key to the Frankish success.
Encouraged by members of our clan, the Pope confirmed the
election of Charlemagne's father as King of the Franks and
personally crowned Charlemagne as emperor. Additionally,
Church-trained monks became the clerks who managed the
mundane administrative affairs of the state. Our presence
within the ranks of those monks provided us with a prime
opportunity to infiltrate the new state's bureaucratic machin-
ery.

The cooperation between Church and state, which made
the Frankish Kingdom so successful, was encouraged by an
alliance between the Nobles and Ecclesiasticals. Members of
both factions set aside their petty differences and joined
together to promote the interests of the new kingdom. For the
first time since the fall of Rome, we had found unity.

Additionally, the leaders of this Frankish resurgence
formed a tentative alliance with Clan Toreador, laying the
groundwork for the celebrated Grand Court. The court be-
came the focal point of Cainite politics in the West and its
smooth governance appeared to ensure the continued success
of Charlemagne's new state, the Holy Roman Empire. In the
end, however, Ventrue success was too bitter a pill for our
jealous enemies to swallow. The clan's accomplishments at-
tracted the attention of our many adversaries, uniting them
against us and engendering savage attacks against Ventrue
holdings throughout the Frankish Kingdom and the Church.

Our alliance with the Toreador suffered initial stresses
soon after Charlemagne established the empire. Many Ventrue
believe that the disasters that overtook us occurred at the
express command of the daeva. Certainly, other clans felt
threatened by Charlemagne's conquest of Western Europe
and desired to strike at the immortal heart of Frankish power.

Worse still, Prince Alexander lost control of the Frankish
royal family after the death of Charlemagne, and the Grand
Court disintegrated into open conflict. Once again — as in
Rome 400 years earlier — savagely competitive factions
struggled over the reins of power. It took less time for
Charlemagne's empire to collapse than it did for Rome,
however. Fratricidal warfare broke out almost as soon as


Charlemagne's corpse cooled. His sons fought over the scraps
of the empire while smaller nobles seized the opportunity to
grab regional power for themselves.

Meanwhile, our hold on the Church weakened. Lasombra,
Toreador, mages and even mortals struggled actively for
control of the Church's administration. Many Ventrue be-
lieved that our overwhelming success had arrayed an unlikely
coalition of forces against us, or that the others were merely
tools of the enigmatic daeva. Wiser heads, however, observed
that each of these forces was involved in the Church from its
inception, and argued that the Ecclesiasticals merely overes-
timated their own control over Church administration at the
time. Regardless of the origin of our opposition, this period
marked the last time that we possessed firm control over the
Church. Since the fall of the Ecclesiasticals, the clan contin-
ues to influence Church policy, but never to the extent that
it had previously.

This chaotic situation worsened as another series of
barbarian invasions, as fully devastating as those that brought
Rome to its knees, plagued the Holy Roman Empire. From the
north, Viking warships raided coastal towns and burned
monasteries to the ground. From the east, the Magyars rolled
into Central Europe, seizing northern Italy and plundering its
tich towns. In the south, Saracens struck along the Mediter-
ranean basin, conquering Iberia in the 9th century and sacking
Rome in 846.

Many Ventrue saw the sinister hand of the daeva in these
ill-timed invasions. Members of clans Brujah and Gangrel
mixed freely with the barbarians, while Assamites abetted the

Muslim raids openly, cementing the lasting hostility between

our clans. At that time, however, we could do little but fall
back and lick our wounds as European society collapsed
around us.

Tue REINS OF PowER

During the invasions of the 9th and 10th centuries, the
administrative and political structure of the empire collapsed,
leaving each area to deal with its own problems. Survival, and
therefore military might, became the sole focus of society. As
a result, social organization became highly stratified and
power concentrated further in the hands of the military elite.
These developments could not have worked out more per-
fectly for our clan.

Clan Ventrue survived the hard times by fostering a
strong nobility. We now find ourselves in control of that
nobility and in an excellent position to influence the develop-
ment of the society that is even now emerging from that long,
dark age. Our clan's energies are currently focused on five
main regions of interest: the infant nation-states of Franc
England and the Holy Roman Empire, the Church and the
growing money economy typified by the independent trading
cities and their merchant guilds.

BOOK THRE

VENTRUE


FRANCE

French Ventrue are numerous and possess potent ties to
local noble families, but their influence has been frustrated
constantly by a strong Toreador presence in the country. The
alliance between the Ventrue and Toreador, which supported
Charlemagne, was observed only cursorily during the 9th and
10th centuries. In the chaotic dynastic wars that raged across
France after the empire's collapse, Ventrue and Toreador
fought fiercely with each other. Peace was maintained only in
the Grand Court where elders of both clans came to negotiate,
socialize and plot.

The Grand Court was created by the Ventrue elder
Alexander in cooperation with several Toreador elders. In the
early nights, before the death of Charlemagne, Alexander
tuled the court like a true Cainite prince, dispensing fear and
justice in equal portions. But the events of the time left hima
shattered brooding wreck, unable to govern effectively. The
Toreador made a vain attempt to assume leadership but were
handicapped by their political ineptness and by the paranoid
suspicion that ran rampant throughout the Grand Court
during the chaos of the Carolingian Empire's disintegration.

The court remained ineffective and divided until the
arrival of Saviarre in the early 11th century. She somehow
won Alexander's trust and, following her advice, he reinvigo-
rated the Grand Court. Many courtiers recognize that Saviarre
is the true power behind the throne but do not care, since the
revival of the court has brought increased communication
and, therefore, peace among the warring clans.

Tonight, France remains a divided, war-torn stretch of
territory — more a collection of independent principalities
than a unified kingdom. The royal domain, a small cluster of
territories centered on Paris called the Ile-de-France, is the
only land directly under the French king's control. The Grand
Court, although closely tied to the French monarchy, pos-
sesses influence in most of the independent territories. Some
independent Ventrue, however, challenge the authority of
the court constantly and work to keep the country divided.
Most of these Patricians resent the heavy Toreador influence
in the court and are suspicious of its motives.

The Duchy of Normandy has been the most successful of
the independent French territories, and a bastion of Patrician
resistance to the court. The duchy was settled by the descen-
dants of Viking raiders, but under the leadership of a series of
wise dukes, it quickly became one of the strongest territories
in Western Europe, conquering England in 1066 and extend-
ing its influence over most of northern and western France.

Our clan was quick to realize the duchy's potential and
began its infiltration of the Norman noble families soon after
Duke Rollo's title was confirmed by the Frankish king. The
experienced leaders of Clan Ventrue taught the Norman lords
how torule their fiefs properly, helping to transform Normandy
into one of the wealthiest duchies of the West. With Ventrue
aid, the Dukes of Normandy held their vassals under firm

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

control. Simultaneously, the Normans made certain the
territory's Cainite population was equally unified under their
command. Small groups of Patricians within Norman territory
were either absorbed or destroyed. The feudal infighting that
continues to plague most French Ventrue has been almost
entirely eliminated in Normandy.

As Norman Ventrue grow increasingly more powerful,
the delicate balance between Ventrue and Toreador interests
in France becomes disrupted. Other clans fear a resurgent
Norman/Frankish empire under Ventrue control, and they
work subtly against our interests, sowing discord among the
Grand Court. Developments in England have enhanced these
fears greatly and may lead directly to the final days of the
Grand Court.

ENGLAND

Before the Norman Conquest, the Cainites of England
were a varied lot. A few Roman Ventrue survived the collapse
of the empire, but most were destroyed or fell into torpor.
Those who remained shared the island with remnants of the
other clans, mostly Toreador, Lasombra and Malkavians as
well as a large population of Scottish Gangrel. These Cainites
had plenty of competition, as well, from England's other
supernatural inhabitants, lupines, mages and the fae. This
situation changed drastically, however, with the arrival of the
Normans.

The Ventrue who accompanied William the Conqueror
spread across England like an aristocratic plague after 1066.
They quickly assumed positions of authority over the island's
surviving Cainite population, eliminating or forcing under-
ground all who would not accept their rule. Members of our
proud clan also reestablished themselves in the English Church
(much to Clan Toreador's chagrin), concentrating their ef
forts on London. Like the Norman barons who assumed
control over the Saxon peasantry, Clan Ventrue secured its
domination of England's nobility and administrative machin-
ery for the foreseeable future.

IN THE GRASP OF H DARK Gop
By the death of Henry II in 1189, the i
Methuselah's control over southern England and.
London, in particular, was firm, but the outlying
fiefs remained only nominally loyal; in practice, —
they retain a great deal of independence to this
night. 4
Outside of London, Mithras' rise to power has
caused turbulence throughout. Cainite political
structures. Most of those who survived have either
made peace with Mithras or fled havens in Scot-
land, Wales and France. Few openly oppose him
and choose to remain in Britain. 3


Unbeknownst to the majority of Ventrue, however, there
was one survivor of the Roman era who was powerful enough
to oppose, and eventually subvert, our rule. The Methuselah
Mithras had voluntarily dropped into a torpor along the
Scottish border during the final days of Roman Britain.
Although dimly aware of what occurred around him, Mithras
did not fully reawaken until after the Norman invasion.
Rumorsabounded, claiming that one ormore Norman Ventrue
were unwitting pawns of the sleeping, but not entirely dor-
mant, Methuselah, and that these Ventrue took part in the
conquest with the express aim of waking him from torpor.

Certainly the vast majority of our clan remained unaware
of Mithras' awakening until he surfaced in London, attempt-
ing to reactivate an ancient temple dedicated to the
Greco-Persian god whose name he had assumed. Local Church
officials reacted quickly, burning the structure to the ground
and killing any worshippers they found. Those Ventrue within
the Church were unpleasantly surprised, however, to find an
active Methuselah behind this pagan resurgence and were
unprepared for the savagery of his counterattack. While
Norman forces reacted with fear and confusion, Mithras
descended upon London, destroying several powerful Norman
Cainites.

Over the next century, Mithras divided and destroyed his
enemies in a masterfully orchestrated series of battles, sieges
and betrayals. Rather than seize the reins of power prema-
turely, the Methuselah concentrated on the elimination of all
possible rivals. He sowed seeds of treachery, inflamed old feuds
and encouraged a vicious struggle among the Ventrue and
Toreador lords of England. The two clans grew increasingly
suspicious of one another, each convinced that the other was
Mithras' pawn.

THE GRAND CourT

The Grand Court of Paris is the truest expression of the
Ventrue/Toreador alliance and has been the center of Cainite
culture in the West since the fall of Rome. The court is grand
in more than name; it remains the home of all the pomp and
pageantry that is the heart of monarchy. Ventrue and Torea-
dor elders attend the court attired in their finest robes,
surrounded by their loyal retinues. The court itself is held in
different locations in and around Paris at the whim of its ruler,
the ancient Ventrue Alexander.

Alexander was the architect of the alliance, and the
impetus behind the establishment of the court. His role before
this period remains shrouded in mystery, although it is certain
that he emerged from the East and that he knows far more
about ritual magic than is commonplace fora Ventrue lord. In
cooperation with the Toreador, he guided the Frankish King-
dom to preeminence among the territories of Western Europe,
culminating with the establishment of the Holy Roman Em-
pire under Charlemagne. This relationship between Ventrue
and Toreador was cemented by a fateful gesture of trust
between our two clans.


Alexander was a brooding, obsessive ruler, his interests
focused entirely on the burdens of leadership, at least until he
encountered Lorraine. Lorraine was a Toreador neonate in-
troduced into the decadent social circle of the Grand Court
shortly after its inception. Her beauty and innocence en-
tranced many, butnone more than Alexander, who determined
that he must possess her. As the negotiations over the court's
final structure neared their end, only a final gesture of trust and
camaraderie was needed to provide closure. The Toreador
elders were quick to note Alexander's overpowering desire for
Lorraine and took advantage of this opportunity. In return for
several important concessions from the overeager Patrician,
the Toreador presented Alexander with Lorraine.

He devoted every moment to her, struggling desperately
to win her affections. She, however, remained friendly, but
distant. No matter how close they grew together she never
admitted to having any feelings for him. Alexander was torn
by his passions, alternately overjoyed that she was with him
and infuriated that he would never win her love. Finally, one
night he returned to his haven to find her gone. Another
Toreador, one of her broodmates, had become as obsessed with
her as Alexander himself. He had waited until the prince was
gone and then spirited her away.

Alexander's rage was boundless. The prince used his
formidable skills to track the fleeing couple to the outskirts of
Paris. He destroyed the abductor utterly, while the faithless
girl was brought back to his haven. She died over the period
of a week in exquisite agony as he drained her soul and vitae
onto the petals of a pristine white rose. The rose then con-
tained the essence of her soul, which he could possess forever.
On the seventh night, she reached the end of her strength. As
the ritual reached its terrible finalé, Alexander leaned close to

aine's final words. She managed only three: "I love
you." She whispered thisas the last drops of blood left her body
forever and stained the rose a deep scarlet. Alexander went
mad with grief, and to this night, remains absolutely inconsol-
able. The rose itself disappeared during Alexander's period of
madness. [ts whereabouts remain a mystery, but rumorsabound
concerning the powers it grants its owner.

The Grand Court viewed Alexander's tragic affair with
fascination. The Toreador, in particular, became almost as
obsessed with the story as Alexander did with Lorraine,

recounting it across Europe and expending vast resources in
fruitless attempts to locate and acquire the rose for themselves.
The delicate balance between the Toreador and Ventrue of
the court was upset permanently. Alexander, who had been
the strong hand that guided the court, could no longer be

relied upon to keep the balance. Infighting became common-
place. Ventrue and Toreador struggled for mastery of the court
while Alexander writhed in the grip of his madness. Without
the court's effective functioning, the gains made by
Charlemagne were lost quickly and France slid back into a
period of darkness.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

Although Alexander continued to rule the court in name,
his leadership was sporadic at best until the 11th century upon
the arrival of the beautiful Countess Saviarre. This mysterious
Ventrue rose to a position of power with shocking speed. She
was Alexander's personal confidante within a year, and the
tuler of the court in all but name shortly thereafter. Alexander
had been unwilling to put faith in any of his advisors (particu-
larly Toreador) since Lorraine met her awful fate. Saviarre,
however, possessed some quality that caused Alexander to
trust her implicitly, almost right from the start. Although
many Cainites were jealous of her quick rise to power, most
recognized the need for strength in the court, regardless of its
origin. Those who desired unity fell in line behind Saviarre
rapidly and reestablished the Grand Court as the fulcrum of
Cainite activities in the West.

Saviarre governed the court wisely in Alexander's name
since the early 11th century. At first, the newly repaired
alliance worked well, and both clans made considerable head-
way, accompanying the expanding French nobility across the
breadth of Europe. The awakening of Mithras and his rise to
power in England, however, have once again disrupted the
fragile balance between our clan and the Toreador. Suspicion
runs rampant throughout the court as each side tries to saddle
the other with blame for Mithras' rise. Additionally, divisive
rumors have begun to poison the courtiers against Saviarre's
tule. Both the Toreador and Ventrue have spread the rumor
that Saviarre's influence over Alexander is somehow unnatu-
ral. Some whisper that she had managed to bind the Methuselah
to herself through the Blood Oath, while others suggest an
even more sinister means of control. A few members of the
Grand Court suspect that Saviarre has acquired Lorraine's rose
and is using it to manipulate the prince. Regardless of the
cause, many within the court now seek to end Saviarre's
domination of it as factions form and infighting among mem-
bers increases. Many Cainites feel that the final days of the
Grand Court are upon them.

Tue Hory RoMAN EMPIRE

Our clan's fate has always been closely tied with that of
the empire. Its rise under Charlemagne played a key role in
spreading Ventrue influence across Central Europe. Patricians
long ago established themselves as princes, and the power
behind princes, throughout the lands of the empire. The sheer
number of tiny states contained within it provided many
opportunities for members of our clan to assume direct control
of their own principalities. They fought amongst themselves
and against the Lasombra, who also saw great opportunities in
the divided empire.

Our clan made a serious attempt to reestablish centralized
control over the empire during the reign of Frederick Barbarossa.
Frederick made alliances with many powerful independent
princes who, under Ventrue pressure, acknowledged that they
held their lands as fiefs given to them by the emperor. He
forbade private wars and began to assimilate Church lands into


the royal domain. These sweeping reforms were echoed by
similar consolidation among imperial Ventrue, which even-
tually brought us into conflict with the papacy and the
powerful forces behind it.

The emperor was drawn into a fruitless war with the city-
states of northern Italy, while the princes within the empire
worked to undo his efforts at consolidation. The alliance of
Ventrue who backed the emperor was not strong enough to
face the independent German princes led by the Brujah, the
Italian Lasombra and the Church. As the emperor fought a
series of wars in northern Italy, the Cainite power behind him
disintegrated. Princes of the empire regained the right to
private warfare in 1187 and, by the time of Frederick's death
in 1190, they once again had almost complete independence.

Germany's Ventrue remain as divided as the empire
itself. Ventrue princes make war upon one another freely once
again and forge alliances against members of their own clan
frequently. The only general principle that unites them is
opposition to their chief rivals, the Lasombra.

The Ventrue and Lasombra recently entered into a
struggle to determine the next emperor. A civil war rages
through the empire as Philip of Swabia and Otto of Brunswick
battle for the crown. The majority of Ventrue support Otto
while the Lasombra largely support Philip. The war effort of
both clans is hampered, however, by constant infighting and
treachery. A group of bold Patricians has rallied around a
common cause along the eastern border of the empire.

EASTERN EUROPE

The Holy Roman Empire pushed its border to the east
steadily throughout the 1 1th and 12th centuries, settling new
lands and displacing the indigenous pagans who lived there.
This expansion quickly brought the Ventrue into conflict
with Clan Tzimisce, the ancient rulers of Eastern Europe.
Despite the technological and organizational advantages of
the Western nobles, we experienced little success at first. The
sorcerous powers of the Fiends, combined with their knowl-
edgeand wicked ties to the land, gave them distinct advantages.
Unlike our brethren to the west, however, the Eastern Ventrue
did not long remain divided. Instead, we united against our
Tzimisce rivals, turning ignominious defeat into nominal
victory. The Alliance of Eastern Lords and its mortal allies is
analmost irresistible force, grinding laboriously eastward over
the last century. Our successes continue apace, but Tzimisce
resistance remains stubborn and casualties mount. In re-
sponse, the Eastern Lords have set two distinct plans in
motion, each aimed at overwhelming Tzimisce opposition.

First, the Eastern Lords have secretly decided to actively
support Clan Tremere in its war against the Tzimisce. Other
members of Clan Ventrue regard this aid as a betrayal of our
most basic traditions, claiming that they would never support
the Usurpers against one of the ancient clans. The Eastern

Lords, however, remain far more concerned with their short-
term success against the Tzimisce and show no remorse for
their support.

Second, the Eastern Lords have forged an alliance with
certain Ventrue, notably Fabrizio Ulfila, who have power in
the Church hierarchy. Through these allies, they have drawn
the Church's attention to the struggle the empire is waging
against the pagans of Pomerania, Prussia, Lithuania and the
Baltic Coast. Ulfila and the Eastern Lords are making the
arrangements necessary to bring the Teutonic Order from the
Holy Land to Eastern Europe to lead the fight against the
Fiends. The Eastern Lords are currently using their consider-
able influence in an effort to convince secular leaders of
several eastern realms, including Greece, Hungary and Prussia,
to invite the order into their lands. Ulfila has made sure that
when official requests for aid come, the Church will approve
expansion of the Teutonic Knights to the East.

THE CHURCH

Despite losing considerable Church influence in the 9th
century, our clan continues to build favor within its ever
growing bureaucracy, sharing control with Toreador,
Cappadocians, Lasombra and powerful mortals. The member
of our clan who has experienced the most success infiltrating
Church politics is Fabrizio Ulfila, an Italian Ventrue who has
been involved in the Church since its inception. He managed
to survive the attacks on Ventrue influence that followed the
death of Charlemagne, achieving a reputation as a supreme
manipulator of churchmen. Most of Ulfila's work is accom-
plished through the use of ghouls since operating directly
within the Church dramatically increases the ever-present
threat of encounters with True Faith.

Ulfila played a major role in establishing the early Church
and in forging the alliance between it and the western nobility.
He was primarily responsible for the Church's cooperation
with the Carolingian Dynasty, culminating with the crowning
of Charlemagne as Holy Roman Emperor on Christmas Day,
A.D. 800. However, his opponents among the other clans
gained the upper hand shortly afterward and forced Ulfila into
torpor for most of the 9th, 10th and 11th centuries.

When he emerged, the Church had fallen largely under
Toreador control and had become embroiled in an ongoing
conflict with the Holy Roman Emperor over the practice of lay
investiture. Ulfila did his best to diffuse the situation, laying
the groundwork for Frederick Barbarossa's attempt to unify the
empire in the 12th century, and countering the sinister influ-
ence of the Artisans. Additionally, he forged strong ties
between the Church and the Ventrue lords of France and
Eastern Europe, creating the strongest alliance of Ventrue
since the death of Charlemagne.

Ulfila has maintained cordial relations with the Grand
Court of Paris and with Mithras' emerging court in London,
but his closest ties have been with independent Ventrue and

BOOK THREE: VENTRUE


the aristocratic families that are their power base. In alliance
with them, he was able to influence two of the most important
developments of the period: the creation of the fighting orders
and the Crusades — both of which were to play key roles in the
growth of Ventrue power.

Cainite involvement in the Crusades remains shrouded
in mystery. It appears that two main groups of Cainites
cooperated in support of the Crusaders. The first was led by
Fabrizio Ulfila and was assembled from the finest Ventrue
forces, including many Knights of the Blood. The other
faction was led by the little-known Toreador elder, Andrew of
Normandy, who apparently assisted Ulfila in coordinating
the activities of western Cainites throughout the Holy Land.
Despite our clan's best efforts, however, the Crusader States
were doomed. The manorial system proved ineffective in the
arid conditions of Palestine, and regular support w
forthcoming from the nations of Europe. Additionally, the

never

Ventrue and Toreador forces that could be transported to the
Holy Land were only a small fraction of either clans' power,
while the Assamites could throw their entire might behind
their effort to expel the crusaders.

TOWNS AND GUILDS

The 11th and 12th centuries saw a remarkable revival of
commerce throughout Western Europe, going hand in hand
with the growth of urban life. The relaxation of pressure that
followed the end of the barbarian invasions of the 10th
fforts of
Clan Ventrue — led to increased agricultural output, a rising

century — in combination with the administrativ

population and relative stability across Europe. In this less-
dangerous atmosphere, long-distance trade reemerged and

cities became the centers of a reinvigorated commercial
economy. In towns, merchants and craftsmen have organized
themselves into local guilds and continually lobby for in-
creased independence.

The rebirth of cities in the West has meant a great deal to
Clan Ventrue. Many Patricians have given up the rural lifeand
flocked to the new cities. To an urban vampire, control over
the guilds rather than the local lords is of primary importance.
A few Ventrue, popularly known as the Merchant Princes, are
at the forefront of this new movement, sinking their teeth into
the rapidly growing merchant guilds and, thereby, involving
themselves in the burgeoning world of trade. The wealth
available through trade has attracted a fair number of Patri-
cians, but a mass movement has been precluded by the
widespread feeling of distaste for financial matters that the
clan has acquired through centuries of close association with
the noble class. Most Ventrue have been Embraced since the
fall of Rome and feel that a lord's honor would be irretrievably
stained by grubbing for wealth among the lower classes.

This difference has created a division within the clan
which is likely to shape the political struggles to come. The
Merchant Princes were weak and kept their heads low ini-
tially, but they have grown in power quickly and have recently
become strong enough to play a role in the larger venue of clan
politics. The faction's growth has been abetted by a feeling of
unity among Merchant Princes that is uncommon among
purely aristocratic Ventrue. Most members of the clan in-
volved in trade have developed close contacts with others of

the same opinion. These contacts, initially side effects of trade

relations, have grown quickly into staunch political alliances.
In many ways, the future of the Ventrue clan might be shaped
by the rise of these Merchant Princes


FACTIONS

Clan Ventrue is currently divided into five major fac-
tions: the Eastern Lords, the Merchant Princes, the Knights of
the Blood, the Normans and the Grand Court. Each faction
seeks to unify the rest of the clan behind itself and each
possesses a very different set of goals. Only the Normans and
the Grand Court are actively hostile to each other, although
most factions have occasionally come into direct conflict with
others. Besides these five, many smaller factions exist which
are not powerful enough to influence overall clan policy.
Large numbers of Ventrue lords still claim independence from
any faction, making and breaking alliances as they see fit.
Additionally, a strong contingent of Patricians remains active
in the Church, although it is neither strong nor unified
enough to constitute a major faction.

THE EASTERN Lorps

A powerful alliance has risen along the treacherous
eastern border of the Holy Roman Empire. The Ventrue lords
of the empire have banded together in an endless war against
the hated Tzimisce. They push the border eastward continu-
ally at the expense of the Tzimisce-dominated Slavic and
pagan kingdoms. As Eastern Lords expand their domains,
their power and influence within the empire grows and the
first tiny fault lines appear in their previously monolithic
nation.

The Alliance of Eastern Lords was forged from the blood
and iron of incessant battle with the Tzimisce, and its strength
derives from the savagery of that conflict. The eastern Ventrue
found themselves engaged in a war of such lethality that they
could survive only in unity. Tzimisce vozhd and the Fiends'
intimate knowledge of their ancestral lands gave them huge
initial advantages, but the Eastern Lords soon learned to
counter them.

The strength of the Eastern Lords lies not in supernatural
allies or infernal powers, but instead, it lies in their unshakeable
grip on the militaristic feudal structure of the eastern empire.
Most of the Eastern Lords rule their lands openly, not adver-
tising their vampiric natures, but not striving to conceal them,

either. Even those who do not publicly proclaim their Cainite
natures concentrate their influence on the control of military
power. The Eastern Lords foster expansion, encourage immi-
gration and recruit young, landless sons with the lure of the
frontier. In coordination with each other, the Eastern Lords
are capable of mustering large armies of mortals that lack the
restrictions of the Tzimisce's more horrific servants. The
Eastern Lords are most dangerous during daylight hours and
through the actions of their mortal servants.

The Eastern Lords have remained a surprisingly united
force over the last century, but recent events may soon divide
them. The very nature of the conflict with the Tzimisce has
changed since the rise of the Tremere. The Lords have decided
to support the Usurpers in their mutual war with the Fiends,
at least initially. A few among the Lords, however, feel that
this is a grave error. They believe that supporting the Tremere
signifies tacit approval of their diablerie. Additionally, many
Ventrue, particularly the oldest and most traditional among
the alliance, feel that the recent expansion into the realm of
imperial politics is unwise. They allied with the Tremere to
make war upon their enemies, the Tzimisce, and to expand
their power to the east, not to engage in endless struggles for
control of the emperor nor support a clan of Amaranth-mad
magi. Most disturbingly, some Ventrue members of the alli-
ance realize that their traditions are in some ways more
compatible with the philosophies of their Tzimisce enemies
than they are in keeping with the idealistic plans of the new
leaders of the empire.

The Eastern Lords are currently Embracing large numbers
of neonates in an effort to replace casualties of the war and to
expand their power base. Young Ventrue are welcomed and
often enticed into the new lands being settled beyond the
Elbe. They are front-line troops in the war against the Tzimisce,
playing key roles in the triumphant push eastward. Many such
recruits, however, find that local conditions are not as favor-
able as they were led to believe. The tyrannical elders of the
alliance control their childer with strict discipline and send
them into battle without concern for losses, while Tzimisce

BOOK THREE: VI


vozhd wreak terrible havoc upon raw Ventrue troops. The
young Patricians' dreams of new lands to the east are often
drowned in the harsh realities of service to the Eastern Lords.

MERCHANT PRINCES

The Merchant Princes are the newest, most innovative
and, therefore, most distrusted faction within the clan. Com-
ing to power only with the recent growth in long-distance
commerce, they have soared quickly to a position of some
influence. Unlike other factions, the Merchantsare not tied to
any single locale, although they are particularly strong in the
commercial centers of northern Italy, central France and
southern England. The faction's main strength lies in its
intricate web of trading contacts and the Merchant Princes'
success is fed by the tremendous wealth its members generate.

The Merchant Princes are organized into small trading
guilds based on geographic location and prevalent trading
patterns. These guilds meet regularly to determine local policy,
and each sends at least a single representative to each of
Europe's great fairs. There, they work out cooperative schemes
to maximize profit for the group and to increase the faction's
influence within the clan. Formulating such mutually profit-
able ventures has become the main focus of these meetings
recently since the great bulk of the work of organizing trade
patterns is done on the local level.

The Merchant Princes feel that the time has come for the
clan to unite again as it once was in the glory days of Rome.
Rather than place their fate in the hands of a single empire,
however, Merchant Princes believe that clan unity should

follow the organizational pattern that they themselves have
used to great effect. The Merchant Princes plan to back a few
factions with their enormous wealth. These factions will, as a
result, gain access to far greater resources than their rivals and
should inevitably emerge triumphant, concentrating the dif-
fuse power of the clan into a few core groups. The Merchants
curry influence within each of these groups by funding them
and may, by means of this influence, coerce each group into
participating in regular intraclan operations. As the organizers
of these endeavors and the sole group possessing leverage over
all others, the Merchants expect to assume leadership over the
clan asa whole. The exact details of the plan are still debated,
but the Merchants have already extended funding in the form
of loans and gifts to several factions, most notably the Norman
Ventrue in England and those supporting the Grand Court in
France.

Additionally, the Merchant Princes have begun a system-
atic program of expansion, Embracing or undercutting the
most successful European merchants. Thus, they welcome
young Ventrue (particularly wealthy ones) with open arms.
New members of the faction can rise to power rapidly on the

local level by promoting successful trading ventures, although
much of their wealth is often commandeered for "official clan
business." The Merchant Princes hire mercenaries, pay enor-
mous bribes and fund the further expansion of the faction's
influence with these moneys. The actions undertaken with
the Merchant Princes' money have brought the faction into
conflict with the Lasombra in northern Italy, where the
Magisters are loath to share power with petty shopkeepers and
traders.


‘rejected many rela Some traditions ‘and instead |
‘pursued fot oa sole focus of their wolives.

whose charactersaccept the Knigh in
yea ‘ou ofclan" for Potenceand ‘ oy i
Sarena ‘Dominate and Presence:

i fe using the clan's ancient
Sat ee pelicley The knight

THE NorMANS

Ventrue of Norman descent comprise the strongest and
best-organized faction in the clan of the last two centuries, but
they have recently fallen upon hard times. After the conquest
of England and large sections of France, they appeared to be in
a position to unite the rest of the clan, as had the Frankish
Ventrue during the nights of Charlemagne's reign. Such
success encouraged the Normans' enemies to join against
them, however, effectively curtailing their expansion. Addi-
tionally, the conquest of England awoke the Methuselah
Mithras, who has largely supplanted the former leaders of the
faction and reshaped it in his own image.

The original Ventrue who participated in the conquest
were united behind a triumvirate of powerful leaders: Baron
Geoffrey of Calais, the Countess Liseult de Taine and Roald
Snakeyes. Both Geoffrey and Liseult deferred to Snakeyes, a
bold Viking adventurer who once advised Rollo, the first Duke
of Normandy. Snakeyes helped arrange the initial treaty
between the northmen and the Frankish king which led to the
duchy's formation in 911. The ancient warrior stayed in the
background as Normandy grew powerful, encouraging other
Ventrue such as Geoffrey and Liseult to settle in the duchy.
Eventually, all Norman Ventrue were connected to one of
these three by an intricate web of feudal relationships. This
organization commanded great loyalty from its members and
united them with the common goal of bringing all
under its aegis. Independence was not tolerated;
refused to swear allegiance to the Norman court were staked
and left for the sun.

The rigid social structure of the Norman Ventrue was
instrumental in their rise to power but ultimately proved to be
their undoing after Mithras' awakening. The Methuselah used
his formidable powers to create a rift between the lords of the
Norman Ventrue, beginning a struggle for mastery that de-
stroyed all three in the end. The lesser members of the faction
marched into war obediently against their erstwhile allies,
never questioning the motives behind the change of heart
With the Normans' vaunted unity in shambles, Mithr: as
easily able to arrange the destruction of all potential rivals and
to occupy the empty niche in the clan's power structure.

The Norman Ventrue now largely support the shadowy
figure of Mithras. Many young Ventrue have sworn fealty to
him, but some elders remember the times when Norman
Ventrue controlled their own destiny. These elders resent
Mithras' arrogance and monopoly of power, but lack the
strength to oppose him. Mithras is firmly in control of southern
England, particularly the area surrounding London. The out-
lying fiefs, however, still retain a measure of independence,
although few Norman Ventrue would openly refuse a request
from the Prince of London.

Young Patricians tend to be loyal to Mithras. This is in
part because it is best to have a powerful patron while estab-
lishing oneself within Norman lands. Additionally, the
Methuselah is actively trying to foster a generation of vassals

BOOK THREE: VENTRUE


loyal to him alone. Many new clan members swear loyalty to
Mithras or one of his direct subordinates and are rewarded
with fiefs that are far richer than those they would normally
acquire. Such gifts usually come at a price, however, and
Mithras is not shy about collecting. The Methuselah places
young Ventrue in direct conflict with older clan members
whom he distrusts.

THE GRAND Court

The Ventrue of the Grand Court are in a very difficult

position, caught between the French Toreador on one side

and Norman Ventrue on the other. Norman expansion into
at the heart of the Grand
Court to its limits. Since the rise of Mithras, the loyalty of all

France has strained the allianc

French Ventrue to the court has come into question and
divisiveness runs rampant

Some Ventrue, popularly known as the Courtiers, con-
tinue with the age-old political games of the court, attempting
to strengthen their position at the expense of the Toreador.
They try to maintain the delicate balance that is key to the
court's functioning, but they fight a losing battle. Toreador
suspicions grow, Alexander's leadership is more uncertain
than ever and the Courtiers become ever more desperate in
their attempts to preserve Ventrue power in the court.

Others, unflatteringly labeled the Traitors (though they
refer to themselves as Normans), have thrown their support
behind the Normans and Mithras. They call for French mem-
bers of the clan to unite with their English brethren in a
cross-channel alliance that would surely dominate clan poli-
tics. These Ventrue believe that surrendering leadership to
Mithras is a small price to pay for unity and strength. The
Traitors are strongest in the north and west of France, areas
long influenced by Norman culture.

Finally, some Ventrue have decided to remain unaligned,
declaring a pox upon both houses. They seek to remain wholly
independent, free to make war upon whomever they wish, and
swearing fealty to none. These Ventrue tend to concentrate in
isolated, rural areas where suspicion of outsiders, regardless of
clan, remains high. The Independents form the smallest fac-
tion within the Grand Court, and it grows smaller with every
passing night as the French Ventrue polarize into the two main
rival camps.

While the court is open to well-connected neonates'
attendance, it is very difficult for young Ventrue to achieve
status within the Grand Court; age and lineage play important
roles in determining status. Thus, social advancement is very
slow, though having a strong patron helps. Young Ventrue
often seek such patrons, indenturing themselves for decades in

hange for tutoring in the complex political arena of the
Grand Court.


RELATIONS WITH
OTHER CLANS

AssAMITES

The Saracens are among the fiercest of our enemies. They
are fanatical killers who follow their own dubious code of
honor. They are not true warriors, however, preferring ass:
sination to the duel, sneak attacks to open battle and cowardly
retreat toa noble death. Throughout Araby, and wherever the
foul standard of Islam is raised, the Saracens lurk, always ready
to turn their knives upon us, the true leaders of the West.

Our clan ha:
recently through the Crusades and the conquest of Sicily. In
both cases, war to the tooth was the result, as Ventrue-backed

come into conflict with the Assamites most

aristocrats seized these valuable lands from the Muslims and
their Assamite allies. Ventrue forces were successful in open
battle, but Assamite assassins eliminated our key leaders one
by one. Sicily fell to the Ventrue, the first step toward a
powerful Patrician-backed central monarchy in southern Italy,
but initial victories in Palestine were reversed. Now only
Antioch, Cyprus and Tripoli remain, clinging stubbornly to
the harsh soil of the Levant. Here, afew Ventrue fighta valiant
rearguard action against the Saracens while plans for further
crusades hatch nightly in Europe. The war between Assamite
and Ventrue shows no signs of letting up.

BRUJAH

Ancient enemies, they have thirsted for our blood since
the destruction of Carthage. The Brujah are a clan of foolish
dreamers, obsessed with recreating an Eden that never truly
existed. Carthage was a place of blood and sacrifice, not the
unblemished utopia that the Zealots have invented in the
years since its passing. Still, they blame us for the city's fall,
never once questioning the actions of their elders — actions
that unified all of Rome's Cainite population against them.
Toreador, Malkavians, Cappadocians and even the Lasombra
put aside their petty jealousies and joined us in our efforts to
cleanse the taint of Carthage from North African soil. Still, it
iswe who bear the brunt of Brujah ire. They love nothing more
than a lost cause and have made our destruction their primary
reason for being.

Under the guise of promoting outmoded moral concepts
such as "freedom" and "equality," the Zealots work tirelessly to
undermine our rule wherever they encounter it. Some backed
the barbarian raids that devastated our lands, others seized
fiefs of their own and forged alliances against us. Many Brujah
lords reside in the Holy Roman Empire and take childish
pleasure in keeping it divided and weak. They are among the
chief backers of the "independent" princes within the empire
and are second only to the Lasombra in opposing our rightful
rule. Brujah and Ventrue princes engage in endless feuds,
weakening both clans and preventing any stable political

structure from being established. The story is the same in other
lands. Brujah lords encourage opposition to our rule among
noble courts, while Brujah demagogues foment rebellion in
the countryside. Their actions invariably bring misery and
privation to the same "poor and downtrodden" they claim to
be fighting for, but such knowledge does nothing to stay their
hand.

The Zealots' constant, unreasoning hostility toward the
Ventrue has raised suspicions within the clan that the Brujah
may have fallen to the daeva. The Brujah role in the destruc-
tion of the Second City has always been suspect, and they have
been nothing but a disruptive element within Cainite society
since the fall of Carthage. Some ancient Ventrue believe that
the Brujah are now nothing but pawns in a war that they refuse
to comprehend.

CAPPADOCIANS

The Graverobbers are too preoccupied with their inter-
minable study of death to present any real challenge to us.
Instead they are among the few clans wise enough to recognize
Ventrue power and to accept our rightful leadership. The
knowledge and the intellectual distance that their philosophi-
cal natures allow them make them valuable and reasonably
trustworthy advisors. In return, we provide the security they
need to continue their studies. Cappadocians rarely socialize
to any great degree and, asa result, seem incapable of organiz-
ing themselves effectively even on a local scale. Thus they
need our strength to hide behind, a valuable step toward
ensuring their loyalty.

Cappadocians possess some small influence within the
Church hierarchy and monasterie:
the most intellectual clergy. Their cooperation has been
essential in preserving Ventrue influence within the Church
against inroads made by the Lasombra and Toreador. Ventrue
leaders often count upon their Cappadocian allies more surely
than they do upon members of their own clan. This is due in
part to the Graverobbers' incomprehensible distaste for politi-
cal intrigue. The average Cappadocian would rather study his
caché of moldering corpses than involve himself in Church
policy. It is precisely their knowledge of ancient secrets,
however, that gi
our two clans.

-oncentrating chiefly on

rise to the only serious conflict between

Certain Ventrue elders have long suspected that the
Cappadocians possess secret knowledge hoarded since the
final nights of the Second City. The Clan of Death is most
likely among all Cainites to have retained records concerning
the fall of the city and the eventual fate of the Antediluvians.
Such knowledge would be of invaluable aid to our clan in its
endless war with the daeva. The Graverobbers have provided
nothing butaseries of tantalizing hints, however, leadingsome
Ventrue to propose direct action against our allies. The Mer-
chant Princes have recently made tentative contact with a
small group of Venetian merchants and necromancers that the
Cappadocians have into their clan of late. The Merchant

BOOK THREE: VENTRUE


Princes hope that these "Giovanni" will provide a new source
of information within the secretive Clan of Death in return for
Ventrue financial support.

FOLLOWERS OF SET

The Serpents are the most despicable of all clans, repre-
senting all that is foul among the Children of Caine. Vulgar
creatures lacking even the most rudimentary elements of
honor, nobility and worth, they must be eliminated, root and
branch. Most other clans, even our ancient Brujah enemies,
are worthy of some element of respect, but the Followers of Set
deserve only annihilation. With this in mind, certain Ventrue
are already at work, trying to encourage a Fourth Crusade
directed at the heart of Setite power, Egypt.

Although most Serpents seem to hail from the Lands
Afric, they appear throughout Europe with disturbing regular-
ity, often targeting Ventrue for their diabolical schemes. They
concentrate on our clan primarily because of our vices and
desires, which are fed by wealth and power. Many a Patrician
has defeated every outward enemy only to find himself at the
mercy of a Serpent found close to home. Using our own clan's
strengths against us, the Followers of Set are one of the greatest
threats to Ventrue power, and are one of the most obvious
tools of our true enemies. Certainly, Set is the Antediluvian
most likely to be a member of the daeva, or is at least one of
their primary servants.

Recent evidence suggests that a powerful Follower of Set
may have established herself within the fief of London as an

advisor to Mithras. Some whisper that Mithras' rise took place
too quickly to have occurred unaided, and that assistance from
the Setites was the secret key to his success. Now the grim
price for this aid is being paid by the island's unfortunate
population. Huge tax burdens imposed by Richard the Lion-
hearted and his brother John Lackland have reduced many
peasants to meager subsistence. Cruel and arrogant Norman
barons impose their will upon the hapless Saxons while bands
of outlaws take to the forests in protest. The island has become
naught but a source of income for ruthless Norman lords
intent upon expanding their French holdings at any cost. It
seems likely that Followers of Set have established themselves
a secure nest in such an environment.

GANGREL

The Animals' bestial nature marks them as failed beings,
incapable of controlling even their own behavior. They lack
the most basic understanding of the will. Instead of fighting
the Beast Within, they surrender to it, losing the battle before
it has even begun. Strangely, there are some rudimentary
elements of honor within the typical Gangrel, but they are
usually drowned in torrents of animalistic passion.

The Gangrel have aligned themselves with the enemies
of Clan Ventrue on the periphery of Europe by default. The
Animals accompanied the barbarian raiders who ravaged
Europe during the long, chaotic period following the fall of

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

Rome. Now they ignorantly oppose us still, supporting the
doomed pagan cultures of Eastern and northern Europe and
fighting to preserve untamed lands from the steady expansion
of civilization. Gangrel "efforts" appear doomed to failure,
however, since their formidable individual fighting skills are
counteracted by an almost total lack of organization.
Outmatched on the field of battle, they retreat to the remote
areas where they lurk, waiting to savage anyone foolish enough
to trespass.

The Gangrel have formed a rough alliance with the
Tzimisce, resisting the steady eastern advance of the Holy
Roman Empire's border. Although the alliance was originally
directed toward the destruction of the Tremere, it has ex-
panded into cooperation against Clan Ventrue as well. Initially,
both Gangrel and Ventrue hoped to avoid this confrontation,
but recent cooperation between the Eastern Lords and the
Tremere has made it inevitable. Striking from the shadows,
the Animals have wreaked havoc upon Ventrue forces and the
Eastern Lords of the empire are quick to call for Lextalionis
against unfortunate Gangrel found within their domain. The
Gangrel, in turn, typically assail Patricians they encounter and
use their formidable abilities to harass our troops constantly.
They declare themselves as our enemies and fools — destined
to perish along with the outmoded way of life they follow —
with these actions.

LASOMBRA

The Magisters understand political power, but not honor.
Thus they are ever doomed to be our inferiors. They lack the
courage and commitment to be true rulers, preferring to
manipulate from the shadows rather than lead from the front.
Treacherous, envious and vindictive, these vipers lurk around
the edges of every court in Europe, always waiting for an
opportunity to strike.

The Lasombra are locked in a struggle with Clan Ventrue
over control of the Holy Roman Empire and with Clan
Toreador for the Church. We are strongest in Germany while
Lasombra power is supreme in the rich lands of northern Italy.
Were it not for our association with the Cappadocians and the
long-standing Toreador dominance of the papacy, it is likely
that they would own the Church as well. We have each
fostered attempts to unify the empire behind a leader of our
choice, but neither of us has had the power or internal unity
necessary to succeed. So the battle continues to rage as the
vendetta between Ventrue and Lasombra fuels the endless
civil wars that keep the scattered lands of the empire divided.

Despite our best efforts, the Magisters have managed to
worm their way deep into the heart of Church bureaucracy. In
fact, they have become so entangled with it that they use
religious titles to confer status within their own clan. Lasombra
bishops and even cardinals have become expert in manipulat-
ing Church policy for their own benefit, expanding their
control slowly at our expense.


Surprisingly, the Magisters have been remarkably coop-
erative in the latest effort to encourage a Fourth Crusade
against the Saracens. Ventrue leaders have been trying to
instigate a crusade against the Setite stronghold of Egypt for
several years now, and with the blessings of the Lasombra,
finally appear to be near success. We hope that a crusade will
be proclaimed against Egypt within the next year, and that
Venetian ships will carry the crusaders to the East. Such
cooperation between Ventrue and Lasombra is virtually un-
heard of and, as a result, some Ventrue have grown reluctant
in their support of the crusade, suspecting that the Magisters
are following a hidden agenda.

The Lasombra have long possessed influence within the
Iberian kingdoms of Leon, Castile and Aragon, but the ongo-
ing war with the Moors has provided an opportunity for a few
Ventrue to infiltrate the peninsula. Portugal, one of the
weakest of the Christian kingdoms, invited a large number of
English and German crusaders to join the Reconquista, and
with the mortals came their Ventrue masters. Several ambi-
tious Patricians, led by the ruthless mercenary Friedrich von
Koln, have seized this opportunity to carve new fiefdoms from
the carcass of the Almohad Empire. These brave Ventrue raise
the standard of our clan against the enemy deep within the
Magisters' own homelands.

MALKAVIANS

The Madmen have fallen far from what they once were
although their madness sometimes allows them insight be-
yond that of sane beings. Their birthright makes them both
too dangerous and too unstable to be fit long-term allies,
although they can be used briefly if one is cautious. The advice
of Madmen, however, is best taken with care since half of what
they speak is fiction, calculated purely to disturb the listener.
In addition, they possess the insipid tendency to play embar-
rassing, and occasionally fatal, jokes on their unwitting allies.
So be warned.

The once-proud childer of Malkav dueled with us for
control over the Roman Emperor and the fate of the world, but
they appear to have given up their pursuit of political power in
these dark times. Instead, they play the role of inconsequential
jesters and fools, deceiving others with their games; but we
remember the nights of Rome. It is when the Madmen appear
harmless that they are most dangerous. Malkavians use their

eccentricities to conceal sinister and devious plans. They

wander the continent, spreading stories, encouraging odd
cults and subtly redirecting European culture. Toward what
ultimate goal we are not certain but there are a few clues if one
looks closely enough.

The Madmen possess great influence among mystics,
heretics and the remnants of pagan cultures. They explore the
extreme ranges of both Cainite and kine existence within
these groups, probing at the bounds of reality. They claim that
what we view as teality issomehow lacking, and that by means
of these strange cults, they gain access to a wider realm that


exists beyond our perceptions. In actuality, they use mortal
cults to fracture the social and cultural structures that bind our
world together. The Malkavians would splinter the Church,
destroy the feudal order and tear down the social hierarchy
upon which the well-being of our clan rests. Without the wide
acceptance of the established social order, our power would
fade quickly. Kings and princes would be unable to rule
effectively if the social rules that give them authority were
undermined, and this is just what the Malkavians seek to do.
They promote heresies that strike at the unity of the Church,
hold drunken revels that encourage peasants to look beyond
their narrow fields, and spread infectious liberal ideals that
foster resistance to authority throughout the land. Beware the
children of Malkav for they gnaw at the very roots of our
dominion

NosFERATU

Unquestionably disgusting, these wretches appear to be
the very antitheses of nobility unless one looks beyond the
foulness that cloaks them. The Lepers tend to be surprisingly
honorable, although often fixated upon obscure moral codes
that limit their usefulness in many matters. Nosferatu are
often desperate for any sign of respect or affection, providing
a sure, if rather revolting, means of influencing them.

The Nosferatu are perhaps the most unified of all the
clans, and this makes them dangerous. They tend to band
together quite closely and communicate more openly with
one another moreso than other Cainites, possibly because
they are so unpopular with others. Thus, the Lepers are an
essential source of information for any enterprising leader.
They are particularly valuable since their information typi-
cally comes from sources unavailable to the average Ventrue
lord.

The Merchant Princes recently opened negotiations with
the Lepers, seeking to establish regular exchanges of informa-
tion for financial aid. Several such exchanges have already
taken place and the relationship between the two groups is
considerably warmer than is normal for the children of Ventrue
and Nosferat. The Merchant Princes have benefited greatly
from this secret connection. In fact, it is largely through
information provided by these Nosferatu contacts that the
Merchant Princes have established themselves as a power
within the clan.

Many Patricians, understandably, cannot stomach the
Lepers' foulness, and drive them from their fiefs as hunted
beasts. This behavior has led to a certain degree of mistrust
between the clans, which lingers to this day. There is little
love lost between Patrician and Leper. Provide them with
respect anda safe haven, however, and one will make valuable
allies; despise them and one risks making terrible enemies.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1

RAVNos

The Charlatans are the trash of Cainite society — para-
sites, thieves and scum, without exception. They claim to
possess honor, yet they violate their word openly whenever an
occasion presents itself. They have no respect for our tradi-
tions and laws, mocking them at every turn and thereby
earning our undying enmity.

The Ravnos are a clan in name only; they have no
organization and rarely act cooperatively. They do, however,
join together to despoil the populace of any city from which
they have been banned, making such a sanction a most
ineffective tactic. Instead, it is best to work quickly and quietly
against members of this clan. If you find a Charlatan within
your lands, it is better not to wait for him to violate your laws:
Strike first and eliminate the problem permanently. Take care,
however, that your involvement is well-concealed or you may
face a deluge of unwanted guests. When in doubt, remember:
Dead Ravnos tell no tales.

Currently, there are few Ravnos within our lands. They
are more numerous however, to the East, and groups of them
were encountered by crusaders in the Levant. Since then,
single Ravnos have been spotted with increasing frequency
throughout Europe. Disturbing rumors have spread concern-
ing these solitary Ravnos, suggesting that they are advance
scouts fora large group. A few Ventrue, particularly among the
Eastern Lords, fear that a wave of Charlatans may soon flood
into their lands from Asia. These rumors also speak of a vast
army of barbarian horsemen that has formed far to the east.
These barbarians have supposedly begun to expand and are
forcing the wandering people with whom Ravnos are allied to
the west as their conquests spread. Most Patricians dismiss
these rumors as pure fantasy and consider the Charlatans no
more than itinerant, disposable rogues.

TOREADOR

Genteel, aristocratic and cultured, the Artisans are among
the most noble of Cainites, but they are not without their
flaws. Weak-willed, ambivalent and consumed with luxury,
the Toreador are rarely capable of decisive action. They link
themselves to artists, poets and musicians — the least produc-
tive members of society — and waste their wealth and influence
promoting ephemeral works of "art." Their preoccupation
with such matters, though, provides an obvious and useful
handle by which they can be manipulated.

The Toreador have been Clan Ventrue's staunchest allies
since the fall of Rome, cooperating with us in our attempt to
preserve the culture and civilization of the West against
barbarian depredations. This alliance was never firm enough
to prevent fighting between the two clans, however, and has
been under severe strain recently. Toreador and Ventrue lords
increasingly find themselves at odds with one another. The
Grand Court, the surest indicator of the state of the alliance,
has fallen upon hard times and appears to be crumbling due to
internal tensions. Powerful Toreador lords are poised to strike


against Alexander, the court's ancient prince. In addition, the
rise of Mithras in England and the collapse of the cooperative
effort in the court has left the future of the entire alliance in
doubt. Only in the Crusader States, where both clans are
surrounded by common enemies, is the alliance holding up
well. Many Ventrue feel that the situation may soon erupt into
open war, and members of both clans throughout the West
brace themselves for the coming storm.

TREMERE

The Tremere are newcomers to the world of Cainite
politics and are resented by most Ventrue as upstarts. Our
clan's traditional views have reinforced these feelings and led
towidespread condemnation of Tremere amaranth. The Usurp-
ers' thirst for power and rigid mode of organization has also set
off warning bells throughout Clan Ventrue, since the last
thing we desire is another rival in the already crowded politi-
cal arena. The vast majority of Patricians feel that the Tremere
may pose a significant threat to our clan in the near future and
that they should be eliminated before they have had time to
multiply

Throughout most of Europe, the Tremere are still scat-
tered and weak, and Clan Ventrue is doing its best to keep
them that way. They have just begun infiltrating the West,
concentrating mostly in university towns and in the Church.
The powerful Tremere witch, Meerlinda, recently established
herself in the British Isles, much to the irritation of Mithras.
She has chosen the fief of Glastonbury as her center of power
and is gradually extending her influence through the island.
The normally formidable Mithras seems to be having diffi-
culty ousting her from what he considers his domain.

The generally held view that the Tremere are dangerous
has not prevented the powerful Eastern Lords from forging an
alliance with the Usurpers (whose power waxes with each
passing night in the East) against their mutual foe, the Tzimisce.
The rest of the Ventrue are revolted by the alliance but are
prevented from doing anything about it by the lack of any real
internal clan organization. Meanwhile, the Eastern Lords

quietly funnel supplies to the Tremere and cooperate with

them in joint actions against the Fiends and their monstrous
ghoul allies.

TZIMISCE

The Fiends combine all the worst qualities of a ruler into
a flawed and twisted whole that they mistakenly consider
noble. They consider the right to rule as the right to despoil
and ravage their own lands. The tendency toward mindless
cruelty, which runs rampant throughout the clan, encourages
it to misuse valuable resources. The Tzimisce undercut their
own power bases by turning them into haunted wastelands,
inhabited only by the most wretched and oppressed of serfs.
They have no grasp of the responsibilities of leadership, losing
themselves in excesses and falling victim to their own vices
The Fiends are the dark reflection of our clan, reminders of
what we could become if we surrender to the Beast.

BOOK THREE: VENTRUE


The Tzimisce was among the first clans to gain influence
among the barbarian cultures that destroyed the Roman Em-
pire. It therefore remained strong while most other clans were
ravaged by the invasions. For centuries, the Tzimisce's Eastern
realms provided them with a power base that made them the
most powerful of the 13 clans, but recent changes have left
them vulnerable. Local voivodes now wage petty feuds amongst
themselves while their enemies gather all around.

The Tremere have arisen within the heart of the Fiends'
domain, threatening Clan Tzimisce's very survival. Mean-
while, expansionistic Ventrue from the Holy Roman Empire
push eastward continuously in an unofficial alliance with the
Tremere, seizing more territory from the hard-pressed Fiends
each year. The Tzimisce, in turn, grow more vicious and
desperate with each passing night, using their mastery of
Vicissitude to sculpt even more horrific defenders. Despite the
fearful havoc wrought by their vozhd, however, the Fiends
sacrifice increasingly large numbers of mortals, draining them
to fuel their dwindling strength or warping them into terrible
weapons of war. Although it appears that they are doomed, the
Tzimisce fight on stubbornly, slowly turning the lands beyond
the Elbe into a charnel house.

New Trairs

ARCHETYPE
MERCENARY

Youare driven by your need to make the best possible deal,
to acquire goods or services that add to your own personal
wealth at the least possible cost to yourself. You avoid quick
sales in order to experience the simple joy of bargaining. The
contest itself is often more pleasurable than your inevitable
victory. You enjoy the daily challenges of commerce and
watch the fluctuations of your coffers with fascination.

This mercantile attitude influences more than your fi-
nances. In fact, it carries over into every aspect of your unlife.
You hunt for victims with the same eye for efficiency that you
turn toward purchasing a new wagon. You avoid waste when-
ever possible, taking only what you need and nothing more,
unless it can be stored safely or sold. Arguments and bargaining
are, in your opinion, the only way for individuals to resolve
their differences and still maintain respect for one another.

— Regain Willpower whenever you use your bargaining
skills to acquire something for much less than it is worth, or
whenever a clever investment turns a substantial profit.


1 success

2 sticcesses
3 successes
4 successes
5 successes
Learning this power costs 21 experience points.

Alara OF INESCAPEABLE TRUTH CDOMINATE 4, PRESENCE 4)

A vampire with this power can ensure that only truth is spoken in his presence. All beings who speak within
earshot of the Cainite are incapable of telling a deliberate untruth while this power is active. Those who attempt
tolie will choke on theirown words, unable to speak. Those affected by this power may impart mistaken information
if they are not aware that they are not telling the truth.

Use of this power is obvious toall whom it affects, and it in no way restricts them from leaving the area of effect.
Once a target is no longer inthe presence of the vampire, she is no longer affected.

System: The playerrolls Charisma + Leadership with the difficulty equal to the highest Willpower score among
all the targets being affected. Compare the results with the table, below. The player must also expend one point of
Willpower for every three, or fraction of three, targets. If Aura of Inescapeable Truth is used on Cainites, it affects
only those of lesser generation than its usér, as with other uses of Dominate.

The next statement made by those affected must be truthful.

Those affected must speak the truth for the next full minute.

Those affected must speak the truth for the next 10 minutes.

Those affected must speak the truth for the remainder of the scene.

Those affected must speak the truth for as long as they stay in the user's presence.

FAABILITIES
HERALDRY

You have studied the artand language of heraldry, and you
knight's coat of arms).
You can also design a new device that follows the commonly
accepted rules of heraldry. Successful recognition of a heraldic
device automatically confers a small amount of information
about the family or organization to which it belongs.

can interpret heraldic devices (suchas

. Novice: You have a casual acquaintance with
local devices.
Practiced: You know your Sinister from your
Dexter. 5
Competent: You can recognize most common
devices.
Expert: Few coats ofarmsare beyond yourknowl-
edge.
Master: You are intimately familiar with virtu-
ally all Dark Medieval European devices.

Legend: You know more about coats of arms

than the families who possess them do.

STRATEGY
You have acquired a solid grasp of military science,
whether through direct experience or extensive training. You
are familiar with the techniques involved in training, equip-
ping and leading groups of armed men. Your knowledge
includes both small-unit tactics and the grand strategy used in
commanding a full-scale battle. You know how to best deploy
your forces, cut off supply lines and capture vital territory.
e Novice: You know in which direction to charge.
eo Practiced: You could hold a battle line.
Competent: You could direct a small battle
effectively.
Expert: You possess a deep understanding of
both siegecraft and open battle.
eeeee Master: Warriors flock to your banner.
¢¢¢eeeLegend: You are one of the great generals of the
age.

BOOK THREE: VENTRUE


THE RELUCTANT
KNIGHT

Quote: Have at thee!

Prelude: You've been trained for battle from the moment
you could hold a sword — your family's traditions demanded
it. You learned to control a warhorse, bear the weight of armor
and hold a lance before you were 12. The armsmasters saw
great potential in you and made certain that you worked hard
enough to fulfill it. Soon it was your trainers, rather than you,
who lied groaning on the ground after a bout. You were ready.

Battle brought the euphoria you always knew it would,
and victory was even sweeter. Whenever you heard
the clash of arms, ared haze descended
before your eyes and you became lost
in the dance of steel.

You attached yourself to the
retinue of a mysterious nobleman
who offered great rewards in
return for appropriately
dangerous service. He
showed himself only
rarely, but he was an
unstoppable force in
battle, shearing
through heavy ar-
mor as if it were
cloth and shrug-
ging off wounds
that would
have
felleda
nor-
mal
man in-
stantly.

Tt was
notlongbe-
fore your
new lord rec-
ognized your
combat skills
and you
learned the se-
crets of his
powers. He was

Character Complates

an undead warrior of consummate skill and power, and he
chose you as his childe. Now your talents serve a greater cause,
that of Clan Ventrue.

Concept: Your new masters use you for only the most
dangerous and difficult of tasks. At first, you were honored
that they relied on you for such jobs, but exposure to the
manipulatory ways of your fellow clan members has made you
realize that you are nothing more than a tool. Worse still, you
are the tool of weaklings incapable of wielding a sword in their
own defense. You must endure your situation for now, but you
have recently heard rumors of a group of Ventrue knights
sworn toa pact of blood and honor. You seek any information
concerning these "Knights of the Blood."

Roleplaying Hints: You are used to dealing with prob-
lems in a direct and forthright manner, which occasionally
disturbs other, more genteel members of your clan. They are
uncomfortable with your directness and intensity. All ob-
stacles have fallen before you so far, but you shall encounter a
problem that cannot be solved by direct assault sooner or later.
It is then that you will be truly tested.

Equipment: Sword, heavy armor, warhorse, shield

Nawe: NATURE: LONER
Puaver: DEMwANOR: CARETAKER,
Crmoxncue (Cun: VENTRUE
ATTRIBUTES:
Social,

Served #eoo00 §

FADVANTAGES'

Vines
ConacencetGamieton.@ 0000 |h
Sel Conerlininet.9 @ 8 80
Cour. see00

HAG

ooooo00000

= Bw00 Poa =
oogooo00000
ocoooooocoo

Tncapacitaced
== Wouness =


THE CRAFTY
MERCHANT

Quote: Fifteen! It's worth fifty if it's worth a copper... look at
that craftsmanship!

Prelude: While most commoners grub for sustenance in
the mud, you've always sought the gold that lines other men's
pockets. When you were young, you obtained it through
begging and outright theft, but a tough old merchant saw more
in you and taught you another way. You served him well and
quickly became his heir in all but name. When he died, you
were wealthy, but unlike most who came into wealth, you were
not satisfied with the status quo — you wanted more.

You improved upon the methods of your predecessor,
investing in trading expeditions to distant lands and multiply-
ing your fortune several times over. In addition to increasing
your wealth, your involvement in commerce brought you
contacts across Europe. Through these contacts, you became
aware of a mysterious trading network made up of only the

wealthiest and most successful mer-
chants. You resolved to join them and
$8) quickly found that they were only too
(willing to welcome you into their
ranks.

Now you manage your busi-
ness through agents whom you
instruct during midnightmeet-
ings. In some ways, things are
more difficult than before,
but there are many rewards.
Your previously formidable
bargainingskillsare nearly
irresistible now, and few
are strong-willed enough to
refuse even yoursimplest re-
quests. The challenges of
adding to your fortune had
previously been enough, but
your new allies have taught
you that wealth is only a
means to the true end: power.
Your money is now put to use
funding Ventrue armies across
thecontinentand exerting in-
fluence in the shadowy realm

of Cainite politics.
Much to your frustration, you
have been ordered to fund several
questionable trading ventures that you
would not normally involve yourself in,
and ordered to discontinue some av-
enues of business that had previously
proven quite profitable. Youdo not mind the clan putting your

money to use, but deliberately making poor business decisions
because you have been directed to violates everything you
have ever believed in. With this in mind, you have examined
the exact circumstances surrounding each of these orders and
have detected a subtle pattern. The mysterious merchant
network you joined has been using your wealth to fund
conflicts between other members of Clan Ventrue. These
manipulators are not the true leaders of the clan. In fact, you
suspect that the clan has no centralized leadership at all. The
vampire who Embraced you is merely a member of one of many
fractious Ventrue factions, each of which desires to unite the
remainder of the clan under its own banner.

Concept: You could sell a silken dressing gown to the
most beastly of Gangrel. Few can resist your persuasive abili-
ties, and you never turn down a chance to use them. Although
you have joined the clan only recently, you know that you are
destined for great things. The instincts that served you so well
before shall surely win youa place of honor in this endless night
in which you now dwell. For now, however, you must bide your
time as a junior member of the ancient and powerful Clan
Ventrue.

Roleplaying Hints: Unlike most Ventrue, you are not
caughtup in the rigid social hierarchy of the feudal system. You
make your own way instead, tied only to your merchant
contacts in the clan. You are still driven by the need to
succeed, to add to your wealth and to achieve real power.

Equipment: Costly clothing, expensive jewelry, ledger of
accounts

Daw Hons

NaTune: MERCENARY GENERATION: 2
Desteanon: TYRANT Haven:
(Cuan: VENTRUE Concer: CRAFTY MERCHANT

ATTRIBUTES:
Soaat

00000
00000

Polite
Science y
(000000 Seraxhal_ee0e00

ADVANTAGES‘

‘Viwrues

000000

Onn Tras

oooo000000

==Bw00v Poa =
goooooo00o
Qooooooo000

= Weaxness =
rrr Excuse


THE SHAMED
Monk

Quote: Put your trust in God and his servants, my son.

Prelude: You were the third son of a minor noble family
and were never allowed to forget that your mother died giving
birth to you. The eldest son was trained to rule, while you and

your brother were also trained in the ways of war and leader-

ship, ensuring that there would be other heirs should the eldest

die young. Fate intervened, however, and your life was forever

changed. While involved in a minor skirmish with nearby

rivals, you froze in momentary fear and allowed your enemies

to break through the line of battle. In the confusion that

followed, your father and many other men were slain. After-

ward you joined a monastery rather than face life among your

family and the constant reminders of your fatal cowardice.
Life in the monastery was simple: Work, prayer and study

took up all of your time. Your aca- demic skills were

good, but youreally impressed the senior

monks with your unques-

tioning obedience. They

brought you to the

abbot, who made

you his personal

clerk and secre-

tary. He wasan

elderly man,

too weak-

ened by age

to shoul-

der all of

the mun-

dane

burdens

of lead-

ership,

so you

took

care of

As

the ad-
ministrative

¢_ DLE

details for
him,
keeping
accounts,

Sos

ing labor and
dispensing
discipline.
You served

him for over a year before you found out how old he truly was.

At first you were his ghoul, continuing the same role you
had filled before, but the abbot had greater plans for you. You
gladly accepted his Embrace, considering damnation a fitting
punishment for the death that your birth and cowardice had
brought to your family. Since that time, he has worked with
you constantly, trying to instill forgiveness for yourself within
your breas

Concept: The abbot as
sponsibility for your parents' death but you know he is wrong.

and to teach you the ways of the childer of Caine.

ures you that you bear no re-

You have destroyed those who loved you in the past, but you
are determined to not see it happen again. All of your consid-
erable will and talent go toward strengthening the monastery
and protecting your brothers, particularly the abbot.

Roleplaying Hints: Although you know that the abbot is
not a good man by the standards of most, you are nevertheless
devoted to him. All of your guilt about the deaths of your
parents has transmogrified into commitment to his cause. You
are generally polite, gentle and calm, but any threat to the
monastery brings out the Beast in you.

Equipment: Simple robe, sandals, prayerbook

Nawe: y Gexewmon:10%
Puver: c Haven:
Cimonrcus (Cows: VENTRUE Concert: sien Howe

FLrrRimares:

Puysca Mevrat

Animal Ken
000000. Arher
000000 Eng 00000
000000 Hettulim———w 0000
{900000 Melee @00000
000000 Mus 00000
000000 Rik. 000000 Pal 000000
"#00000 Saw 00000 Senexhal 0000

FAADVANTAGES'

900000

Vora
ConaienctComicin

SdiCocllcnie.n

‘Onan Tens Hearn
=S00000
200000
200000 —__Waspowen—=
—=So0000 @ee0000000
—9sc0000 gogg000000
200000 ——Buo0n Poot
=299999 Goqqgo0000
—Seooos QOOGDGOOOO

e000


THE DaEVA
HUNTER

Quote: Back into your Hell-tainted abyss, vile revenant!

Prelude: As a child, you had a precocious sense of the
supernatural. On those wicked nights when the moon hung
low and the mists crept through the valleys, you saw devils
dancing through your village and faeries poisoning the grain.
You had no choice but to watch in horror as these nefarious
shades went about their business. As you grew older and
bolder, however, you found the courage to confront these
spirits. Not too long after your 16th birthday, you slewa beastie
with your shovel under the light of a bloody, bloated moon.

Word spread quickly that you were a hunter of demons
and a slayer of devils. People feared and mistrusted you, yet
begged for your help in ridding them of the spirits that plagued
them. You trav- eled from village to village,
killing your foes and sleeping in stables —
until the night you met your sire, that is.

Impressed by your persistence and selflessness, she Em-
braced you, bringing you into an eternal world of cold night.
And in this world, monsters both subtle and overt plied their
infernal trades. These were the daeva, your sire explained —
the secret masters of the world beyond the ken of humanity
who wished to corrupt it to their own foul ends. You nodded
in comprehension, took up your sire's sword and fled into the
night with a fervent sense of your new purpose.

Concept: You are a hunter and tracker on a mission from
God, though you do not understand why He has cursed you
with undeath. Perhaps so that you may better know the
workings of the Devil's mind. Whatever the case, you are brave
and sacrificial, throwing yourself at your secret foes with an

indomitable will and a zeal matched by none you've ever
known. Afterall, this world must be safe for the kine — itis not
the plaything of the daeva.

Roleplaying Hints: Suspicion, though it condemns you
to loneliness, is the safest recourse. The daeva can be subtle,
and only by watching the most minute of details can you
perceive them for their true nature. You are ever alert and
vigilant. True friends are rare and, therefore, valuable — an
immense boon to your fearful quest. Treat them with respect,
and treat the daeva with righteous wrath.

Equipment: Ancientsword, battered pieces of mismatched
armor (salvaged from fallen opponents as trophies), traveler's
cloak and hat

Daw HOES

Name: Narune: SURUVOR Gexenxmon7%
Puen: Denwanon: DEFENDER HAVEN:
Crmosicuz ‘Cunn: VENTRUE Concern: asvaMunteR

ATTRIBUTES

Durysscat Marat

Knowurpars
Academia
»

ADVANTAGES'
Backorounps Voerurs.
seeee

90000
(000000 0000

Oruen Traits —Row= =o
‘000000 Besed
peoeee e@e000 Hun
(000000 Injred
(000000 eee Wounded
"000000 Maule
(000000 Crippled
(000000 Ineapocated
(000000
(000000

= i

BOOK THREE: VENTRUE

oo00000000


As tensions between Ventrue and Toreador grow and the Grand Court's light
gutters, desperate Patricians seek advantages wherever they may lay. In this spirit, the
French Ventrue have enlisted the aid of Fabrizio Ulfila to combat the incipient
Toreador threat. Ulfila plans to use the Church to strike at the heart of Toreador
strength — the south of France, where the Artisans have established themselves firmly
within the culture of courtly love that pervades the area.

With this end in mind, Ulfila has subtly encouraged the growth of a fanatical
organization within the heart of the Church. This group of dedicated clerics is
convinced that the Church is itself manipulated by hidden supernatural forces. They
strongly suspect that vampires are the source of this manipulation and plan to use the
full powers of the Church to combat them. Ominously, they have taken theirname from
the inquisitio, an extremely thorough and often painful method of interrogation, used
to expose and destroy opponents of the Church. Even now, the Inquisition, as they now
call themselves, is working to uncover evidence that confirms the existence of the
Children of Caine.

Ulfila plays his fateful game in this turbulent atmosphere, directing the Inquisition's
attention toward the Albigensians, a heretical sect that has risen in southern France.
With the Inquisition's aid, he plans to unleash a crusade against these peaceful heretics.
The widespread chaos and horror that is certain to accompany such a crusade will
provide suitable impetus for a series of devastating attacks against strongholds in
southern France, which just happen to be the havens of powerful Lasombra and
Toreador. French Ventrue, meanwhile, use their influence to increase tensions be-
tween Catholics and Albigensians throughout France and organize themselves in
anticipation of this opportunity to cripple their Toreador rivals.

In what he believes is a coup de grace, Ulfila has instructed his ghouls to lay a trail
of false clues leading directly to several of France's most influential Toreador. This will
provide his pawns with the evidence they require and, by doing so, neutralize the leaders
of Clan Toreador. Ulfila is certain that with the Inquisition hot on their heels, the
Toreador will be in no shape to organize a counterattack. What he does not know,
however, is that the Toreador are not the only Cainites who will soon fear the fires of
the Inquisition...

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 1


These lands are mine, childer; mine for as far as your Cainite eyes
can see. Who defended them when the barbarian hordes clamored to

the north? Who fought off the howling infidels to the east? Who put
down countless insurrections, both of Ca
5)
5
¢

ite and kine contrivance? It
was I, my sons and daughters. I, who gave myself wholly unto my lands
and their ‘people; for their people are my people. My service is both a
privilege and a responsibility, childer - as | am a master of the state.

Libellus Sanguinis I: Masters of the State includes:
© Vital information on the three clans of nobility - the Lasombra, aa
Tzimisce and Ventrue;
Expanded Discipline powers, new Abilities and details on clan activities
in Dark Medieval Europe and beyond;
* Hints and secrets of the clans lost to the passage of time between the
Dark Medieval world and the modern World of Darkness.

ISBN 1-56504-286-7
WW2807 $15.00 U.S.

HM)

CUE STUD
