# File: Libellus Sanguinis IV - Thevies In The Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

FY SOURCEBOOK FOR VAMPIRE: THE: DARK AGES"



Crepirs Special, THANKS

Authors: Deind'Re M. Brooks (Ravnos), Joshua Mosqueina To Mike and Mikel from the GenGon 2000 Dark Ages
Asiveitn (Malkavians), Lucien Soulban (Nosferana) gaine, because they too shall ear rats:

Additional Material: Philippe R. Boulle and ‘o Tin "Mr, Marketing" Avets, for haevitus nothings te
Richard E. Dansky great T-shirt strip-show....ubs, sale

Developer: Philippe R. Boulle To Liz "Virgo Powers Activare!" Fulda, for having th

Eadleots Ceypal Forkan

Editorial Intern: Jedediah Walls Diane "Perry, ety Panda Zamojsinrd Mike "SG

‘Art Director: Richard Thomas 1" Chaney, for being the best all around dog-siters and

Layout & Typesetting: Brian Glass ‘teat pushers around, with ot without Richard Dein Anderson

lorerior Artz Mitch Byrd, Brinn LeBlanc and To Justin "DOTcom" Achill, Pred "barrie trodo" Yelk,
Matt Mitchell Mike "Bitter Men's Club" Tinney, Brian "Standby" Glass and
Chad "French Connection" Brown, for the GenCon
memories,..and lack thereof,

Atl to Jess "SNAFU" Henig, for nor snoking my sorry
asseven afer I focked him out of the room ar CienCon,

Front Cover Art: John Bolton,
Front & Back Cover Design: Brian Glass

©2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduc
don without the written permission of the publisher is expressly
forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal we only. White Welt
‘Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, May
Ascension, World of Dirkness and Aberrant are registered
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypie, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaminy, Hunter
Gane Stupto the Reckoning, Werewalfthe Wild West, Mage the Sarcerers Crusade
Libellus Sanguinis 4 Thieves in the
ploces and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned
This book anesthe supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and sspemarural elements ate fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only, This book contains mature coutent, Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1.800.454 AVOLF,
Check out White Wolf on at
hitpewww.white-woll.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games frp.scoryteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES,

LIDELLUS SANGUINIS +


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION /)

Book ONE} CHARLATANS
Book Two: LEPERS
Book Ture: MADMEN *

CONTENTS



Introduction

Moveto Use Tims oor
This ts the fourth and last in che series of Dark Ages Clanbooks, Libellous Sanguinis 4: Thieves

in the Night. This book deals with three so-called low-born clans, who generally don't fit in 10 the

formal courts and noble librariesof the Ventrue; Toreador or Briyjab. Uhese supposed wretches thtive

in the shadows of society, among the sick and the dispossessed. If the high clans want to discour
them, they say, so moch the better

‘The Ravnos, called Charlatans by h chins, find doors closed to them at every turn. The

princes of Europe call them thieves and rrouble-makers, foreign wretches without any respect for the

established way critics glare over the strong differences berween diferent lines of Ravnos

growing number cor sometimes called Gypsies), few of

and Spain have been in the Weat fe

iries and are at odds with their Indian kin. Beneath the norice of princes, masked by the

ating sisps of Chimerstry, a reckoning is coming among the Charlatans

we Nosferatu, Lepersofthe unlivingworld, playar being the dirty irre secrets of the high clans

Many of them have established a reputation as spies and informants, selling their revelations to the

Magisters and Patricians who protect them. But theit twisted fearures still speak of a terrible

damnation, atot that ynaws away atthe soul In these dark nights, many turn toGod and the Church

cor become penitent wanderers. Others embrace the darkness within and become the most terrible
rmdinatets in» truly monstrous time

e Malkavians were once the oracles and mystics of Europe's unliving, They bid in the shadow
Greek mysteries and shepherded the grand folly of Rome. The mighty have fallen, however, and
hase nights of glory are lo 1¢Cainites, the Malkavians are now a errifying plague on

unlivine— Madmen who bring lunacy into thei al hearts, Lessa clan than an afflict
theyare tolerated only because they are naught but inof individuals —orso t would seem

admen gather and understand the true mysteries of Malkav

Song
Thematerial in thisbook follows rough forma forease
hash af what you might find in the modem day, however —the Charlatans, Leper
his time are: not who you migh think
undo on, All of the gamespeak is eon tauned in these portions of the book, includiry: sone expand
destruction? What are the Nictuku? Why was Malkay cursed by

Vieo Traces
‘There are any number of new tules-bangles for players to adorn their characters with, some
4h exight not make a good fit with your current chronicle. Ac the same time, a Storyteller may
hold the more advanced or unique powers derailed within
ful in creating mood or advancing the plot. With that in mind, players should check wil
ytellers before diving head-first into the pile of goodies contained herein. I'salways worx

tohave something you have your heart set on taken awa



ook One:
Charlatans

Bector pulledhishorse toastop
and watched his companion
hovel Che shout echoed across
the civer and throug) the caller
Wolves answered as expecte'

Dis vohite teeth cont ed vic
Ry withhis skits Dads Oca Cai tite,
pe Yui Dae voill send an es
cort so we may enter sofeley'
Dector alone a this
if ti

Derved turned fh conntposke ItiNIg,
oot

cdanrmate from the east — if these
neve arrivals could truly could
be said to be of his oven Hood —
waiting on the edge of a Oure
gavianlovest Viewoshad come of
steange Cainites traveling in
caravans, claiming to vy
Ravonos Deliked to keep track o|

the lineages movements anda
nevwand unknovontamily was


a reason for concem. Hector didn't care for surprises,
not when he was a mortal knight, and not when he
swore fealty to his sire after the Embrace

Hector found Javed in Constantinople with the
help of another Ravnos of westem descent namei!
Gregory, one who claimed lineage from the Egypritn
Alexandre family. Hector's dealings with Gregory
hid always been wary, bit easier than with Cainites of
other clans. Javed, on the other hand, simply did not
want to speak with Hector about anything

Javed at first refused rabeliove F
Once eo

tor was Ravn
inced, he was altemately incredulous and
‘You ure gaje!" the casterner repeatedly
proclaimed in hisheavy accent. When Hector pressed,
Javed admitted che word meant he was not "of the
blood." This didn't make sense to Heetor, at lenst nor
a first

mortified

After three full nightsof negotiations, Javed agreed
to take Hector to see his jat, or his family, if only to
explain how two vampires so alien from one another
could call themselves Ravnos. Even then, Javed'seven.
tual acquiescence was given grudgingly. So, for another
‘ovo weeks the two traveled with Javed's mortal ser-
vants. He insisted that Hector leave his coterie and
servants behind. When Hector hesitated, Javed sol-

oworean oath chat Hectorwould be sate, butthat
if to0 many others came,
appreach the cara

1 would not be allowed 0
a, o€ kumpaniya as Javed called it
Hector was stattled to leam that laved claimest
blood kinship with the mortals. Whenever Javed or
Hector eame near them, the mortals would make signs

the air orspitatthe ground. They cleurly did not like

"aintres, bur did not take any action against them

When Hector asked ifthey could be
tiusted, Javed laughed for several minutes.

Alll these events brought Hector to this place,
waiting to meet the Phin Dai, a term thot must be
\ word in Javed's peculist tongue for "elder" or
perhaps "princ

A mack of wolves
almost shimmering in the darkness. One, probably the

ler from the way the others deferred to it, ap-
proached Javed and whined briefly. Javed procured a
knife from 0

ing the journe!

yt of the crea, their coute

of his sleeves, efficiently slashed his
\wrist open, and let his vitae drip into the wolf's mouth,
The wolf, for his part, lapped it up. "It keeps them
obedient," he said to Hector.

Hector nodded and waited

UIBELLUS SANGCINIS 4

"We follow them," Javed continued, "They know
the way:" And so they did. Foran hour or mare the nwo
Gainites followed rhe wolves deeper into the forest
Javed explained, "The local people — mortals and
Urinkers of blood — do nor care fur us. We find safe
places to stay."

Hector said. "Whar abour Lupines!"

"We avoid dem."

Hector nodded again, To one accustomed to travel,
{t is not 60 difficult to avoid the savage man-wolves
Sull, he watched the forest caretully tor signs of an
ambush

After the moon had passed its enith, ¢
toasmall encampmentser in a cramped

rounding trees and mountains even gave it the
illusion of peace. Javed grinned at Heeor, shoured
something in his own language, and that peace
shatcered,

yeame
Hoy. The

A warning flashed through Hector's mnind. The
knight drew his sword and prepared wo do battle
Unfortunately he was not prepared for rhe literal
cacophony of demons and spirits thar descended upon
him, tearing this flesh. Fora few minutes, hestrugzled
to maintain his composure against the onslaught, but

pain and panic overwhelmed hin. The Beast, always
strong. in his blood, reared its ugly head ln a wave of
uncontrollable rage.

Hector could not recall how long the frenzy had
claimed his wits. When histhoughtsretumed to reason,
he found himself om his back and a wooden shat in his
heart. He could not move. The staré above winked at
him through the smoke from the fires of camp. A
woman's voice, speaking in Javed's tongue, chimed
nearby. Javed answered and Hector could heat footsteps
approach, "I am so sorry, cousin, we had to do this for
yout own good. You live a degenerate life here, led

ray from your true path."

Hector tried to drill a hole into Javed fe
with his gaze, but failed miserably.

Notatall perturbed, Javed continued. "You see, the
Ravnos here, in Europe, you areall astray. Some say yout
‘cannot be shown the proper way, that you are savages
and worse. I think they are wrong and I shall prove so
with you

chead

Javed moved Hector to a sitting position, but the
wooden shaft through the knight's heart made it more
of a chore than ir should have been, "Now te grand:
mother shall divine your heart's weakness: That is the


way to i ove." The woman looked nothing at all
lkea gramidmother, bursuch appearan
less among the Cainires.

Fora few moments, nothing hippened. Then the
s with incredible

force his eyesns:

through his meme hecoulddoto pullher
na m the maelstr Amaravati— then, he
Hector stood before the baron. He bad tras
ntite life for this moment. Hee was disa
char his lord

The w

share hi

softly illuminated by torchlight as she waited for his
A troubadou

toachurch toconfe
omingaden

night. When he saw the erveifi

of thorns an

to live, He drove the priests

ablaze. Deep in him
Hector spent night after night in Amuravat

She fed h al ght, had Javed

waysof Paradox, how he did have a purpose. At first, he

vuld allow sornet uch as hit

ut_and set the church

warned a dark rage tht whispered

refused to ace or believe it, but she knew h
ets, his weaknesse
had no answer

and the dark parts of his soul, He
her anguments and no armor against
eroded his
1'shonorandtepl

her conviction. Slowly but surely,

mitment tochivalry ewan
itwith adevot
phy tha

taught bim of

ind hi

re him meaning

proclaimed his purpo

sldn't

ityon the M

recall which one, only that even the

and ind everywhere. Where he was no longer

BOOK ONE: CHARLATANS


mattered so much as what he was doing, and at the
moment he was trying to find ‘thing to do, Marcia
called to him, and when he ignored her call, she
compelled him to answer with the power of het vitae,
"Hector, come rome. We need to talk."

He came, having no real choice in the matter
Hector was tired of having no choices, of accepting
duty as he had for so long. He'd had no choice in
receiving the Embrace nor in accepting Amaravat
tutelage, at least he could travel where he wished and

1 his purpose? N fax that he was thi

cia looked Hector
to meet his eyes.
what, but... you're not "
as Javed bad
sre." He bie

UBELLUS SHNGUINIS 4

off thefinal word wit!
isconly because you
strike you down hen
‘Marcia's eyes turned colder than the northemn
‘winter, "You tum on me, childe? I gave you this life.
"Ldidn't wane it."
Marcia slapped him hard enough co bre
mortal man's jawbone, Hector's teeth rattled,
was otherwise unharmed. He stared at her a
then looked away. "Go, Please. Leave me. Your way
is noc mine."
He watched her slowly, deliberarely, turn b
‘on him, "Do not rerum to me," she said as sh
away. "You are no longer we! "
Phaedymites." He could notseeher face, and thuscould
fhot see what that sentence had

much loathing as he could. "Le
wre Ravnos that I do not try to

hack
walked

ist het

Family loyalty was quite strong among the Ravns,


‘Fellow Travelers

Phaedyme,
J started this project to fi

I my childe Hector, gone missing in Byzantium
where he had gone to meet witha Ravnos newly arrived from the east. In'my
travels;.1 learned much more about oux.ekm than] think any of us has gathered
into one place in the past. | offer thisas a gifvand @waminge ~~

I choose to-present this material as to ond-who knows nothing of our clan
Partly, t wish to'make no assumptions about what you already knew, T also wish
to use this to educate any childe ! Embrace before I release him, Hector was
caught tmawares, and T refuse to have that happen again,

Ravnos are repuved as liars, thieves, tricksters and worse. We are unwelcome
in over half the cities 1 visited during my journeys through Europe, and L can't
imagine that changing. Some of the eastem newcomers do misbehave terribly upon
visiting western fiefs, believing themszlves immune to retribution (gr perhaps not
caring): | traveled beyond the*European fiefs;'t0 the eastern enties and ford some
clanmates of great age — dlehOugh none equal to jour own,

In exchange for my own observations on Enape and our experiences within
these elder Ruenos have given me somelof the knowledge you seek. I's most
impressed with flagments ofan epic poeth I've read, The Wounds of the Night's
Sword, chat sheds further light not only on oir own Grigins, but the origins of all
"Cainites." More on that-later.

I shall discuss the Phurt Dae family shortly, bub should: note first that one
of their number, Harasvatupa Nishiitharudhiva Amaravati, has been most
gracious in supplying knowledge of the past and present, most especially
regarding the younger Ravnos who only now come to Europe. Things certainly
are not as they seem

Marcia

Scribe 10 Phaedyme,
Childe of Phoediyme
Childe of Mavichavashi
Childe of Zapathassera:

cinta Ldicia


GLossary

Throughout my text, words gleaned from
conversarions with the eastern Ravnos pepper
the discussion, To prevent confusion, here ate
their definitions as best as | can divine. | apolo-

for any inaccuracies in advance. [have not
yet learned their language fully

asuratizayya: A name for members of an.
other Easter bloodline. They are probably Baal
or of some other corrupt line. The word aneans
"demonic horde" or sotnething akin to that.

gaje: A word for "outsider" or "foreigner.

jatis A caste, or family group. In the east, this

resents the social stratum the Ravnos was
Embraced into. In the west, it simply represents
lines of descent

Karawulanisha Vrana: "The Wounds of the
Night's Sword." This is an epic poem that de-
seribes the eastern perspective on the Ravnos'
creation. It does not agree in any way with the
story of Catne.

Mayparisatya: The Eastern Road of Para-
dox. Where the road practiced in Europe stresses
self-indulgence and the erosion of society
Mayapariacyastressesunderstandingof suadharmat
and commitment to fulfil the purpose the gods
have given Ravnos to follow.

Roma: The eastein peuple the Ravnosnew-
comers have arrived with. They arenomadicand
soxmerimes called "Gypries."

siddhitizayya: According to legend, whar
the aswrarizayya were before they were cursed
with 9 thirst for blood. They protected human-
ity from demons and other monsters. It means
something like "The Divine Chosen" or some-
thing similar

svadharma: Accordinigto theeastem Raynes

thilosophy, this ts the purpose that guides all
hung loving on Barth, Bach thing has its own

purpose und is only worthwhile in so much as it
fulfills thar purpose.

Zapathasura: One of the names for the
Ravnos progenitor. It means "accursed demon."

As other terms come up in the text, | shall
explain chem as well as | ca

CasrTes

To tmuly understand the sections following, it's
necesstry toestablish the social framework under which
‘we operate

‘We Ravnos are a diverse and often untuly lot, but
‘one trait many of us share is a strong sense of family. For
a large portion of the clan, this means that vampires of
a.same lineage maintain relatively strong ties among
themselves. Among the Ravnos of far off India, well
asthe new arrivals, these families are much more rigidly
defined, They're called jati, which is simply « word for
"caste." To avoid confusion in this document, I have
elected to exclusively use jati in reference to familial
lineages: Not all Ravnos — especially those of us in
Europe —use this word, or have even heatd it I do this
only to give it the attention it deserves,

The following jati are western in nature and
range from Europe w Africii to Arabia, This isa
rather broad definition of "western," but it will have
to suffice for now and stand in opposition to the
Ravnos of distant India.

ALEXANDRITES

The Alexandrites are one of the two oldest jat! in
the Western world and the larger of those two as well
Iris also possibly the most widely craveled and eclectic
of all lineages, The heart of the lineage's power tes in
the great Egyptian city of Alexandria, but its member
traverse (so they claim) the breadth and depth of
Africa, Europe and the Levant, In truth, they do carry
some startling stories about civilizations farto the south
of the great Sahara desert and their eldest recalls the
pharaohs of Eyypt before Protem

‘The Alexandrites do niot welcome the newcomers
and interactions with them are cold at best. One par-
ticular point of contention is the fact that the
Alexandrite Ravnos have taken to traveling with the
mortal Gypsies. This lends a false credence 1 the
rumors of the Roma's Egyptian origins. The eastern
Ravnne see thie a poaching their herds and react
poorly. Already, a few feuds have started aver this very
issue.

‘The Alexandrites are much given wo formal eti
quette, rarely putting forth the vagabond image that's
recently come into popular opinion ameng the other
clans. Primarily, the elders show thelr Exyprian rooes,
and only some of the ancillae and neonates follow suit

Ramessu refuses to describe his sire. He lays claims
to the ancestry of pharaohs and gods and insists upon)


very antiquated protocol when dealing with others. He
docsn't vctually order the Alexandrites around, but
when he speaks, they pay attention and most follow his
axivice. lean attest thar in his domain, the world takes
‘onan ancient veneer — he rules from a throne root
that beggars the descriptions of pharaonic courts, with
cloth of gold and enameled jewelry dripping from
everyone and everything. The walls are covered in the
picture-writing common in Egyptian ruins, only the
glyphs move. I think if I had watched the pictures long
enough, | would have seen one or more stories unfold
before my eves, As it was, | found chem a terrible
distraction during my audience

BasuiritEs

‘The Bashirites of Damase in apocalyptic Chris:
than lineage, comprise one of the alder Western jati. All
are descended from the Methuselah Bashir, who
preaches that the end is coming and the Antediluvians
will awaken very soon. He Embraces rarely and when
hedoes, he always chooses a Christian.

Some believe the Bashitites follow a variant of Via
Panidocts. This belief arises mainly due to the percep

of Bashiritesas Ravin, and Patindoxas the"Ravnos
road." The truth is actually a bit more complex, Som
like Varsile of Jeresaler, do follow a warped version of
Via Paradocis chat ineludes Bashie's apocalyptic vision,
Many others instead follow the Road of Heaven, as it's
clover wo their needs than the heretical views Varsik
split-in
ind ultimately open con-

wud others like him epoue. | expect th
doctrine to lead toa schism
ict between both factions.
Bashir hi
Bashirites I've 1
Bashir's teaching

fis something of a mystery. The
ake a great show of "following
1d most even have parables to tell
describing those teachings. A fewelaim that Bashir met
Chaist himselfand wascharged to prepare the world for
HisSecond Coming, I was unuble to locate Bashir or in
fact any signs is whereabouts,

The ekiest of the Bashirites | could find was the
storementioned Varstk, who resides primanly in Jerusa
Jem. [ must adenit chat | found his preference to meet
near holy ground to be quite disturbing. As he ex-
plained his lineage's history to me, we followed the
Stations of the Cross. Varsik, apparently Basbie's

hilde, is the source of many of the stories about the
jat''s founder. He explained that after Bashir's meet-
ing with Christ, he was taken with visions instructing
him to bring the apocalypse and the Second Coming,

closer, Other Bashirites claim similar gifts and act
‘upon these visions for similar reasons. The end result
is naught but more chaos amidst the Crusades
Bashirite betrays Christian to Moslern and Moslem to
Jew and Jew to Christian. So the cycle goes and #
bloodshed steadily mounts.

According to Varsik, Bashir teaches that Christ
shall return when mankind has reached the greatest
pomt of strife possible. So he tries to create that strife.
He tried t convert me to his ways and beliefs, and
promised to consider the offer. 1 think ik ie
quite dangerous, but I suspect his schemes will get the
etter of him.

Puaepy Mires
This, ofc
her name

irse, is my lineage, named for my sire. We
nd follow her path, While uch smaller
and spread across less territory than our Alexanxdtite
cousins, we have been in Europe for nearly as long as
them, I've found no more than 30 Ravnosof my lineage
throughout Spain; France and Germany. All espouse
the Road of Chivalry and most serve Cainite lords as
Messengers or traveling troubadours. I've found sever
Phacdyme probably was not yet aware of and expresied
to them her preference to keep abreast of her descen.
dents' movements.

The other cls claim that Ravnos kriow nothing of
honor, obligat
Princes who know our reputation cautiously wele
usinw their dom

sor honesty. Out jat puts He to thar

its — sand hope that we quickly move
on — or charge us to chase off or destroy or more ill:

hchaved cousins. Unfortunately, our presence is no
longer as welcomed as it once was. Often, we're treated
asspics or thieves, seckingonly min forthe Venue and
Toreador courts

ve traced Phaedyme's travels through Europe and
founda few elders willing to speak oftheir acquaintance
withher. Ithasbeen centuriessinee I'vespoken direethy
to Monrano of the Lasombra, and he was quite hosp!
table and willing to discuss the past. He's interested in
hearing more abour rhe mnflux, but U teave the dectston
1 elaborate tomy site

We Phaedymites are, after the Alexundrites, the
oldest lineage in Europe, but
Ravnos. Aside from Ramessu, | can find no evidenc
of Raynoswho arrived before mysire's return frorn the
Indian hinterland. Of her own sire, I've discovered
very litele.

e least known other

BOOK ONE: CHARLATANS


Tam Phoedyme childe of Martzhavashtt
the Ghost and known as the valores one I
traveled with Alexmder'sarmy tn the guise
ofa man — not out of any love for battle. but

out of distain for the hfe expected of mg sex
Uotlowed the army all the way into far-ot?
India where Marthaveshli Embraced me
Felling me only, "go west" I did and have
spent the cen hiries since mastering warfare
My associations (some might say "peers")
include Mithrasof the Venfrueand Montano
of the Lasombra I stand nowt the heart of
hie new bellal entlad chivalry by weme, and
1 Led to umderstand ths nuances and mean'
Inge Surely will wither from mortal hearts
in ‘puta few blinks of myanctent eves — Tam
determined to comprehend tt before ft does

1 speak to you young Revnos from Phe
depths of my torpor: Listen by Marcin eldest
of ray childer: ce if you latenedt to me Know
That] watch from the skies and remember
lights to her unk the Barth burns

ur blood burna with sin, neor
stn te ternth,

The Sysarire:
1
‘The Sybarites have been mainly
y for several centuries but are found
wandering the Mediterranean and engaging in all sorts
of unsavory practices. If you need something surrepti-
tiously delivered, they ean do it. If you need someone
abducted, they can do it. The Sybarites have no cen:
com for life or existence outside their own, but have a
strong loyalty to each other
A few daring
night —

‘aynos practice piracy on the seas at
{strongly suspect thar they operate outof Sicily

Lasombra in the urea. They fall upon unfortunate ships
and small ports, tking what they wish and leaving
ccamage in their wake. I had the dubious ple

seeing their savagery at work several years ago,
rarely have | seen a group so willing ty give in to base
temptation and act as the Beast wills. Lonly hope that
my own vigilance will keep me from falling to thi

‘ot degeneracy

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

Not all Sybarites restrict their activities w the
Mediterranean ot to the ses. I've heard of their activ
tles from Novgorod to London, and of them acting as
bandits and slavers. Iris my feeling that they eng
many unsavory occupations for the sake of exploring
the depths of indulgence. They do so with a fla
certain dashing carelessness, tht makes them seduc-
tive, On the other hand, their adoption of a moral code
thacallows the Beast free reign and often serves as an
excuse (0 murder, plunder and thieve repels me. The
elidest of theit line created the Via Paradocis in Rome
centuries ago und it hasspread altogether too far among
‘our clan, Thear that it even coils its way throu)
founders' hearts in far-off India

Other Sybarites practice the Via [es i, as it
gtants them no responsibility to control themselves.
They rampage ina manner befitting the most unciv
zed Gangre! and gorge themselves on blood siraply for
the joy of the experience. I've heard rumors of those
who practice Via Diabolis and enact bloody rituals on
the darkest of nights to contact the
Finally, some Syharites eschew their cour
waysand embrace Via Humanitatis, or in mote extreme
ceases, Via Cocli. The latter, especially, are quite devout
and mainly keep to themselves, Outside rumors foundd
@siugle Franciscan monastery where three Ravnos on
the Rond of Fleaven resided. I suspect they may hold 10
heretical beliefs, but 1 did not wish to abuse their
hospitality at thar time.

The founder, acconding to various stories I've
heard, was anyone fiom Julius Caesar t0 Romulus
himself. The most reliable accounts I've come acto:
indicate thathe wasa high-ranking lender in Caligula'
Rome and that he may have been one of the emperot
confidants. Upon his Embrace and learning of the
Path of Paradox, he adapted the tenets to continue the
degenerate behavior he'd embraced in his mortal life
‘The story goes on to claim that he committed Ama

feral hordes.

\courages the practice among hisdescen-
nonly assume he encourages diablerie of the

unworthy othersand doesn't encourage his own prog-
eny to hunger after his heart-blood. I don't have any
idea as to what bis moctal name was, and I suspect he
prefers it that way.

YoryARI

This jatt is a splinter from the Sybacir
Sybarites continued down their path of excess andl
decadence, the elder Karmenita Yoryari parted ways

Ac the


moved on to Ib
ha more spiritual

with them, Sh ic, where she has built
tus cn the Via
nthe r

father than the

a moxlest jatt wi
Paradocis, Th

why Paradox calls force

Yoryari tre more focused,
ipportunity to i
The Yoryari v
herents must do e
reachings als
must be worr
Jestroyeed «
y than an indulgence for them,

poon win that power st

Jown and powerful people and items

ke way for new

many do enjoy their work. They are aware that such
ractices draw clanger to them, so they do not adver:
tise th
nis, the more stag

mes, and the more difficult

and find something new or di
ent. To this eri, she fe
down and de:
the logical extreme, she would bre

the older an. institutic

is that the old must be broken.
yed to avoid calcification. Taken to
y itselfdown
burl think this

an wlrimately furile endeavor. Lexpect at leastia few

ic would rebuild and take anew fo

f the Yoryari co rey to shatter the Cainite status quo in

some way, perhapsamong one

Watch them carefully.

Furore band oranothet
Karmeni ata

Her eldest childe. known:

piracy across the Mediterranean

France and

of this lineage travel i
5 mortals by prefe

of the S
him inany but the most hateful terms. Ifa!
says about her time in his tutelage ts accuirare, Ido ¢

icitain as far north as the North Sea. Many

le and. pointe
ate self-gratification, | gather that she's stl

nv for a ouiding purpose and
eral otherwise 5 di over th es
since ber falling out with the Syhantes. F wish her th
best in finding her own wary

Micrations

Every time Europeans have been to Ind

ans have come west, Ravnos have slipped inte
(Our chin traveled ro the Mediterranea basin in th
of Phoenicia and Rome and even thereafter, Th

BOOK ONE: CHARLATANS


lacest migration from the East seems to be the largest,
however. Most of these newcomers, who travel with
the people called Roma or Gypsies; are unaware that
any Ravnos preceded them. In that, they are much
like many European Cainites, who see all Ravinas as
newcomers

Despite overall ignorance of our ways, certain his.
tory-comcious Ventrue and Brujah revealed to me
accounts of Ravnos appearances in Rome, Carthage,
Jerusalem, Byzantium and other great cities long before
the supposed "Ravnos arrival." In truth, earlier Raynes
were few enough and well hehaved enough hat many
modem Cainites consider us to be practically a differ-
ent clan than the easter jatt

Tre Ancaenr Wor

Ravnosfollow commerce. Where money and goods
flow — along with trickery and shady dealings —
Ravnoshlood flows with them. Inthe time of Phoenicia
and Rome, merchants traveled the known world and
drew our clan's attention. We followed the met-
chants, often to see what lands they came from and to
profit from their misfortune or gullibilicy, To say our
numbers were great would be an unwarranted boast,
but few of the great ports of the day did not have one
of us stalking its docks.

Rome's FaLt

In Rome's final years, a moral and ethical decay
set into society, This affected even Cainites. Among
cour own clan, a group of Alexandrites, along with
Indian arrivals who came to Rome during its height
took the Road of Paradox and corrupted it into a
different, even more lawless form. These were the first
Sybarites and did not acknowledge jati or seadharma

looked to Paradox only as an excuse to murder
freely, commit Amaranth withour care and throw all,
meaning ro the winds. I believe a least a portion of
this degenerate blood cult traveled back to India and
spread its debased belief among the less principled of
the Raynos in those lands,
KECENT ARRIVALS

Ravnos, neonate and elder alike, now flow into
Europe from India and they come from several jati —
which in their homeland are more akin to castes than
families. Many migrants subscribe tothe Sybarite blood
cult and spread their degeneracy throughout the lands
they travel and destroy whatever welcome Ravnos
have in civilized fiets. When banned from a fiefdomn, it
is said that these Ravnos gather in large groups, some

LIBELLUS SAINGUINIS 4

times up to several dozen anid strike against the mortal
and Cainite population — murder, burglary, banditry,
you name the crime — until the victimized prince lifts
the ban.

The greater numbers of newly arriving Ravnos
travel with mortal relatives —nomads from the north:
em plainsof India —and arrive more slowly. They axe
asfaras Arabia and donot range far from their fares
They prefer to use the mortals as cover for their
unscrupulous activities, choosing to indulge their f
vored vices. Naturally, the mortals get blamed
Ravnos deceit.

We HERE Our FEET
HAVE TREAD

Ravnos travel: often because we want to and more
often because we are forced to leave wherever we are

due to accusations, merited or not. We have been

everywhere from England to the Sahara, from Russia to
. Ravnos de nor simply migrate w
in. Most choose to travel from city to cit
. This lifestyle helps guarantee our surviv
mnsavory habits we nurture

Europe

place and
, town to

Europe is home to two distinct Ravnos popula
tions. The first ts made up of the various jati | have
ty mentioned, the Alexandrites, Phacdymites

and others. They travel, but are nor explicitly no-
malic, and they are well established in those places
where they are welcome, The recent arrivals from

in the last few centuries and s«

number at mast several dozen, with more every de-
cade. They'venotmade awarm welcome for themselves
because they have little respect for the established
power structures. Incidents of theft and disrespect
become the basis of wide scale persecution as the lords
of Europe hear stories of more and more of thes
"Gypsies" com
Most Ravinos understand the nature of hospitality
and try toconceal their sinful activities. Unfortunately,
the flamboyant indulgences of some have spoiled the
welcome for the restof us. I like to think these transgres
sors are few, but I suspect the number is greater than 1
would prefer. The Toreador princes despise our ways
and chase us out of their fiefs whenever discovered
Lords of other clans vary greatly. A Ventre prince is.as
likely to find a use for a newly arrived Ravnos — an


unknown quantity to bis rivals, after all —as he is to
send the Charlatan on his way before he causes too
much damage,

Known Ravnos sometimes have more leeway. Ido
not know how long this will last with the newcomers,
but I recommend we curh the more enthusiastic ex
amples before they wear out our welcome. Our
stronghold in southem France continues to serve us
and would hate tose us love thisasserover theaccions
of the uncultured young. Unfortunately, even while
the Ravnos migrants frem the East are very few in
number now, rumors and stories of theit arrival have
already spread throughout the westem courts. No few
Ravnos knights have heen tured out for fear they
tight beuay their licges. The princes fear the Ravaus
trickle will become an invading tide. Even worse, the
troubadours are simply cured away rather than al-
lowed entrance into.a domain and thusan opportunity
to "spread chaos" into other fiets

To avoid the inevitable problems that come with
our presence, many Raynos have taken to the practice
of maxquerading at membersaf othor clans. This tsnot
always ts easy as it might look on the surface — such a
Sarrobo:
Icaspectof clan impersonation.
Itishard ww clita Lineage when your suppused yiaudsire
isin the same fief. Some Cainites are willing to assist us
in building such a cover, but many more ate mortally

deception requires time and effort toarrange.
ration isthe mostdi

offended at the possibility (usually because they learn
after the fact and hate to loak like fools).

FRANCE

France istheheart of chivalry and the bastion of my
Phaedymite lineage. Even here, however, we are not
welcomed with kindness and cheer. The Toreador are
happy to see us long enough to hear what news we bring
and then it's off to the next fief. 1 don't really mind,
honestly, [don't like che haughty Artisans, either, Paris
isprobably the worst, ruled by Alexanderofthe Ventrue.

He's quite concemed with appearances, and in his
words, "wagabond charlatan! have ne burinede takin:

time from important affairs." With the winds blowing
us they are now, | expect we may have to move to a
friendlier climate before too long.

Of southern France, all L will say is that the Syba
rites of Marseilles do nothing for that port's reputation.
Or our own.

Inert

The peninsula islangely the province of the Yoryar
and the Phaedymites, although the two lineages don't
assoctate closely. The Yoryari are caref
from established fiefloms, choosing to exist in the
countryside where they're less likely tw encounter dif
culties with the mote established clans. At least a fow
ate spread throughout the Iberian courts, posing as
other clans and serving as Karmenita's eyes ind ears
Bashirites somen on pilgrimage
to Santiago de Compostela and look to climates for
assistance and shelter along the way.

Eeypr
Egype hay Jong been

Ravnos have dwelt within this ancient land for centu:
ries, coming

to stay a

yes also travel to Ibert

and going as they please, Alexundeia,
with its bustling trade-driven economy
Politan population, servesasa breeding ground for our
clan, A few Ravnos who live in Alexandria claim a
lineage that extends into Egypt's ancient past, a time

ind cosmo

when the cyclopean monuments were built. [e's
interesting story, at least, and I can't find anything
that contradicts it. They say that many unsavory
things lie concealed beneath the shifting sinds of
Egypt, Poctic, co say the lenst

AFRICA

Thaven't craveled more deeply than Egypt, but no
few of the Ravnos who travel through Alexandria have
fantastic tales to tell about the depths of this continent
They describe several empires fully a match for any

kingdom in Europe and depths of jung aly the
maddest Gangrel yo. Not surprisingly, | found no one

forconfirmation. Inany event, if understand correctly
Ravnos have been over and through Africa fori long
as we've been anywhere else. | met three who haile
from a nation known as Timbuktu

The Sybarite degenerates maintain havens alon
the northern African coast, where they can safely
spend weeks at a time withour drawing undue atten:
tion. Many of these havens serve as more general
havens for mortal pirates ofall sorts. About the only
constant you can rely on is thar they grant other
Raynes hospitality without threat of open hostility
They try their best to convert their brethren to the
Road of Paradox, however.

BOOK ONE: CHARLATANS


ARABIA AND PERSIA

sstern Mediterranean and

ands east of
Methuselah
ent rime w Son, is said
mewhere in this area, Of course
n he visits then
1 have found
cus is the Bashirite

‘auberge, 3

note is Etienne
1 of the men whe
+ the crusaders captured Antioch
elder Varsik took one of the

aced him. Varsik wanted
1c. Wher

ack in horror. He was

the others raped

ot seeking ar nity
pat Etienne ld

Unfortunately, with Raynes blood ir

en Etienne could not enter that city

UIBELLUS SANGUINIS

» umn back. He
seeing the agony as holy
# his Cainire narure. Varsik

power-brok inced Etienne to claim the city a

wn fief, in order to stave aff any ather

lay elalin

Power has ly eroded Erienne's faith some

what. He sec up his haven outside Acre's walls, walking

among the merchants and other rest nal lw

feeling the holy pain. He offered sanctuary to Cai

jon. broker rat
han a holy defender. His domain has but ene mi
violence within a mile

vants carry those who break that rule or wh
all cli
else thar passes th y rad that b


My dear Etienne,
am concerned with your recent activites in
Acre. You hawe made na progress im locating the
True Cross, and F heat many rumors of dealings
‘with all manner of paguns and heathens. | wonder
‘you truly follow the word of aur Lect, on if yo
brave sxayed frum the me prath (nau the tempaation
the dark voice within offers so cheaply
IT would come to s
Jerusalem detains me at this sim
the opportumity to set yon homse i
return to yoner duty

pervomally, but business in
"This rants you

der, sever
our tansatvery associations a
to God. Armagedda cemes soon. Do not let
he unaware

JERUSALEM

Jerusalem and the surrounding cities wre primarily
the Bushirites' retritory. They're quite strong through
ut the Holy Land and rmaintain their presence with
death grip. Their conviction thar Armageddon is al
ast upon us lends a certain ferocity to their
determination to remain close ro the Holy City and
prepare for the fulfillment of St. John's revelation, The
Bashitites do travel extensively an neatly all yovon at
Embrace. That given, st
alls at

ins havens all over Jerusalem,

least one pilgrimage after th
leastsix can usually he found within Jeri
any time, Varsik
for Bashirite use

BYZANTIUM

Bashirite, Eastern and Alexandrite Ravoos mix
here with an alimest constant friction, The Eastern
Ravnos have only arrived in the past two centuries and
" J alle the Byzantine Empire with their mortal
families. Initial contacts berween the newcomers and
their Alexandrite cousins have been chilly at best. The
Easter Ravnos have very strict ideas as to who should

receive the Embrace and who should not, The Alexian:
drites do nor hold so closely to this, choosing instead
promising candidates who catch their attention and
canbe of use tothem. I'veheand ofat least twooccasions
where one caravan has engineered the complete de-
struction of anothe

santine prelates grow weary of both the Raynos
presence and the feuds that presence brings to their
fiefs, and many have closed their domains to what they

see as maraudiny trolled childer. This encour-

ety among those who claim a greater right
The large numbersof fiery-tempered
lineage leadsall too often to violence

RAVEL

Travel isa dangerouscalling for those who fear the
sunlit sky. Lacking the ability to sleep within the earth,
we have to find other accommodations, [dress these
comments toany neanate whe may read them — leat.

Themesteomnmon strategy isto find me
‘and make them into ghouls, These lackeys range from
crusaders ty merchants co pilgetms.and even to traveling
performers. The ghouls travel hy day, sits safer, carrying
us in sealed! busxes nd shades wa
igeants us much time to work at night, presuming our
fransportation has chosen a city or town of decentsize to
stop in. These wagons and crates must he secure, Thick,
stout construction is necessity, nel at least «barrel of
water should be on hand atall times.
lpreat, bue se ean happen with

travelers

icrisk of fireisn't
jwrarning. I's
tobe prepated, Mdeally, the wagon should have a karyou
can work from the inside. One must be careful not 10
suo it

sinply best

bbuild the wagon tog heavy, or the axles we
and the horses won't be able wo pull it,
It's not exactly the height of comfort to sleep ina
box, but its certainly a better optim than sleeping in
the open where you can be seen. The box should fit, but
need not he lengthwise. | would recommend against

anything with the dimensions of w coffin ot sitcopha

gus, as those are often a giveaway to curious stranger
wagon with ewoor three boxes und barrels is unseraatk,

able.

agon with two or three coffinsasks for trouble.

The people you travel with should be your ghouls.
Asghouls, they'resubject to the blood oath and will act
iyyour best interests atall times. You should communi-
{ate your wishes elearly as possible before embarking
‘onany journeys, as they are unable to divine your will
‘onmore esoteric matters. suchasonening the bexesiand
‘exposing you to the sun while checking on you to make
sure you're fine at midday

Youcan't makeeveryone you travel with intoghwouls,
Ainfortunately. A large pilgrimage or caravan means you
need to select someone closeto the top. Donotselect the
leader, since a drastic change in his b
noticed. Select someone indispensable to the leader and
‘afew followers to ease yourtime on the road, Donor grow
foxy attached to these ghouls. You must be prepared to
aahandan them at a moment's notice

BOOK ONE: CHAR

TANS.


TRAVELING
ace from the kine
hardly suicidal. The wo
tous, but there are not Lupines and Gangrel
suinmon and speak with beasts. Many city-dwellers
niss this as useless —what good isa gift ro talk to
its, they ask. Whe

one walks between cities, the
you intend to travel alone, do
not neglect this fac Htousan:

ty. Iris sofor

n setting out, call an animal eo you
referable, but can arouse Ge

fou'te caught. They are

nt and aware of things

wgrel or Lue
happen within

heir territory. You can learn from a wolf whether

pumans lie in wait, whether Lupines frequent the area,

ind even what sort of other wild animals could ke a

beasts, but their senses are second to none. Yes, it may
be necessary to feed the beast your vitae to secure its
» call to your service are

loyalty. Other good animals
éfows, ravens and owls. Crow:
come out by day,
perceptive. Owls are even
In any case. you can send them ahead to scour the road
and surrounding countryside
a strange area
anger of summoning a beast already in service
that Gangrel is only too happy
out for the sake of entertainment
Fortunately, Noah's Call rarely works on another's
ghouls — if the Gangrel has made slaves of animal
they answer your call. Still, wa be safe, i
tell you if he serves

primarily

re risking your skin in

tonp

Cainite. As] noted, they aren't sophisticated, and most

are easily tricked,

such as deer or
they know

where danger lies ns their lives depend upon it, The

will know f any dangerous antmals are abo!

timid €
ou can be cer


where they're likely to be. They'll most certainly
know of Lupines or humans.

TRAVEL WITH OTHER CAINITES,

Cainite traveling companions are not easy to come
by, but are extremely valuable. Some of us travel with
childer and clanmates, but the luckiest gother in cote-
ties. These sinall groups of vampires from many clans
cooperate, usually for a handful of years. In that time,
travel becomes much easier because of the variery of
skills and contaers such a group can gather. While you
appease the heasts of the woods, a young Ventrue lord
can protect you inacity anda Leper canshow yousecret
passages. If you can trust your traveling companions,
this i probably the hest choice

I strongly suggest you do not travel with a large
group of Cainites. They will cut a swath through the

leaving peasants, clergymen and nobles
alike either drained of blood or in an outrage and teady
tofind the devils rampaging across their lands, A small

‘number ean concéal depredations far more easily than
a large one and is less likely to draw a prince's ite for
entering his fief

BANISHMENT AND Is
CONSEQUENCES

Ir'scommon knowledge among the high clans that
Ravnos react poorly to banishment, As the story goes,
ifaprince refuses w allow Ravnos to enterhis fief, then
allother Raynos from the surrounding area come totest
the prince's mettle and capability to enforce his ban
against the Charlatans.

Typically, princes choose to avoid this fate and
simply allow Ravnos to come for a short time and
encourage them to move on before they make a nui-
sance of themselves. Clever princes even give the
Raynos somet! to do — deliver a message to an-
other Cainite in a distint fief, transport an item of
importance, or even spread news, Princes who have

previously suffered a bad experience at the hands of
Raynos visitors are less inclined to work in such a way

and may use threats orsimple force tomove themalong,

Ravnos, like anyone else, hate to be punished for
crimes they haven't committed —or haven't jet com-
mitted, atleast. Most take it very poorly and may swear
vengeance upon the prince unfortunate enough to do
sucha thir avenderta that can persist for
years, depending upon the severity of the accusation
and the wounded party's pride.

What happens is not a matter of crowds of Ravnos
converging on the helpless fiefdlom, each announcing
himself to the prince and challenging the Cainites to
throw him out. Rather, many come under stealth —
claiming to be of other clans ot simply n
their presence at all. They seek out Cainites who
disgruntled with the prince's rule and gather infer
tion on the inhabirants — both mortal and Cainite
Weally, they locare the havens and resting places of as
many important Cainites as possible to maximize the
thock value when the time comeste deliver vengeance

nnouncing

When the action hegins, anything can happen. A
favorite tactic af the most vicious of our blood isto get
word to local knights and churchmen of the monsters
living in their midst. These Cainites are then dragyed
from their havens to burn in the sun. Such gna
stories circulate throughout Europe. Most of the false
rumors about the tactics used in such situations are
actually spread by Ravnos. Few Cainites a
aware ofa fief or prince who has suffered sich treat

ment at the hands of our clan, and do not know how it

personally

doually works. When a prince docs bar Raviws from
entry, he expects something entirely different from the
reality that strikes —sometimes yeats after he givesthis

unforgivable insult

RavnNos HONoR

In a world where nearly everyone hates and dis
‘Trusts you, Il'soften necessary to have a reliable constant.
For many Ravnos, this is the clan, We'te a fractious,
feuding lot and you'll rarely find the Bashitite who will
acknowledge a Syharite beyond the minimum
customary amongus. Despite this, when the rime comes
Ravnos often stand with other Ravnos. The reasons
vary from jati ro jaui and from Ravnos to Ravn, but all
too often we find ourselves in th bout. Both the
Bastern and Western Roads of Paradox teach thatother
Ravnos are "family" and must be respected, but how
‘often this is honored varies wildly
‘Among the other clans, t's widely believed that i
we spit into our palm and shake hands with another,
we will never break our word, This is truc among the
Sybarites and the Yoryari, who deve
so they could deal with each other
betrayal. The practice has spread
simply because it is advantageous to have a practice to
insure honesty, What the other clans rarely consider is
that such a bond is always reciprocal. We pledge tc
something in exchange for another act — it is

ped the custom,

BOOK ONE: CHARLATANS


exchange. Those who think they can use this tradi-

on to enslave a Ravnoy rarely consider that they too)
become enslaved. And for thse #0 crassas to break an
oath ance given in this manner, the Sybarites and
others apply lethal punishment

CHIMERSTRY

To many, this mercurial power defines us. When a
Cainite sees a Ravnios, she expects us to try to fool het
with illusions and is likely to double-check everything
we put in her hands. It is infuriating. You can see it m
their eyes when you hand over a message or a gift ar
even exchange goods or money. "Is ths rei Eve
renowned as | um for my adherence tw chivalric virtue
few princes are willing to give me the degree of trust
they would a lying childe of Lasombra,

I despise this power, even — especially — when |
have no other recourse but touse tt. It polltesmy own
sonl as tmuch as ir does those who suffer the experi-
ence. It's nor simply enough to decide L want the
lu n, E have
Thisisnoton
soul Spending too much tinne imagining unpleasane
ness into existence can leave us depleted for nights,
sometimes even weeks. Sometimes, the illusions sum.
moned can haunt usin our daily test. Called upor.toe
often und they can take on an existence all theirawn.
Thave heard stories of Ravnos who accidentally cre-
ated an image that harried them from one und of
Europe w

perience my creation as 1¢ forms.
exhausting but leaves a stain pani the

Chimerstry is nor a toy for amusement ora means
to pass the time. Irs the unholy power to corrupe the
mind and senses of others, Overuse can hacklish in
unpleasant ways

A Tuirst For Vick

All Cainites suffer the Be
existence, The Embrace grants

8 a pare of their

powerat great cost
ning hunger, uncontrollable rage — but
oe lee

For cach of un, |thea
whispers are different. We each have a viee, a dirty
secret, something thot we always wanted to indulge in
‘th the Embrace, the Beast stokes that ember of
sin into a fire, For some Cainites, the Beast may only be
a savage blood-hungry mage; for our kind, it is a crafty
devil who would lead us to sin und sin and sis.
J tuly believe the Beast within us is aware and
insidhously directs our actions even when we ‘notin.
frenzy, Often, the Beast'sungingsare easily mistaken for

LIBELLUS SHINGUINIS 4

‘Our own, tothe point tha¢imany Raynos simply fulfill its
Lunges, thinking them theirown ideas, Thisattinude does
not survive long, as even the thickest of neonates
eventually realizes thar she cannot control her urge to
steal, vanidolize or murder

Many Ravnos merit the Embrace for a talent at
dishoucst business. Metebauis who cheat
tele, nobleswhoquietlyabsuctand torture innocents,
brigands who violently rob travelers — all are
candidates for the Embrace, at least to those like the
Sybarites who cultivate theit vices is a diriful priest
does his flock. In most cases, the Sybarite simply
seeks someone who shares her penchant for self
indulgence toserve asa companion through eternity

all Ravnos ure inveterate sinners before the

mbrace, howeve

chosen for her piety and righteousness. After all, if
she has never known trie temptation |
she can be truly pious? Some fight their blood-
inflicted desires with all their strength and thers
succumb to the immediate temptation, A sinnet's
taste may change after the Embrace — if a petty thiet
is made Ravnon, he may find thar burglary no long
holds much attraction for him. Instead, he finds
pleasure in murder

Intruth, many Ravnos donot think it truly sinful to
engage in our blood-viee in some moderation. Accord:
ing to Amaravati, it is part of our purpose in the world
10 de these things, and so we must. If we take joy tn it,
that is fine, That too is swadharma. 1 disagree with
Amaravati on this matter, Sin is sin, and it's very
convenient to claim God's mandate co sin when you
have no other choice. Virtue, however, lies ini ress.
tance to temptation,

THe EASTERN
RAVNOS

Like us, he Ravnos arriving from the East have
thetr own jati, customs and beliefs. [start with their
creation story. 1 was surprised to learn they do nor
believe thar Ravnos are descended from Caine. | nearly
came to blows with one of Amaravati'schilder when |
referred t0 our clan as "Cainites."

Our Bioop's OriGins

ftie the following tale directly up

and occasionally a candidate is

ww ts it that

dulrerous liaisons.

Amaravati related to me inthe time she tried to convert
me to her version of the Road of Paradox, Arutravati


Wuat's Your Six?

The stereotypical Ravnow isa thief anid. Haar who steals with a smile and a sly wink. This ia very limited porte
doesn't Kn itself to great variety (or playability), The Ravine chin i can yous have to choose asin or eritne
your character nist indulge in that vice whenever possble, or try to resist iif she can. But net all Raynes are guilty of the
same sin ty not all Revnos Want te) Corumit outright cries. Ravniow also hold wery diferent attitudes tana their sin of
choice. One Raynes may reve in his compulsion toseduce noblewomen and inudes them in theirsleep without drinking their
‘compulsion to sin doesn't define your characters maality — her reactioe to tha compulsion docs

Ravnos sins.are unusually sophisticated expressions cf the Benst within each Cainite. Other vampires have only to worry
about bloody rages and all-consuming hunger; Raynes deal with whispering. urges that erode thetr will and hnureaicy. Ravtios
hhesteals is inmportant. Does he ike helsloomy ¢égreatsendimental valueornwoney sit only jewelry! Must
‘che heavily guarded? Kinya nay tell flte fortunes, but what ifshic takes the time to leam about the peopte she reads and giv
them tailored fortunes intensed wo led therm to utter ruin? Criines need motive, opportunity and mettoa, tv the gbxn
‘rmotive mayle thar she hatectho wealthy hecause a Landed rhle evicted hue family from his tel forno ped
which sbie uses means
to get angle on her mak' hopes and arene before betraying them when they
Before jax decale upon your character's sn of choi, consider his life before the Embrace, the 1
and how his sire schooled hum asa child. "The Beast ix wily snd the Ruvnos' compulsion invariably
alllong. The chosen crime cont he what he dil ie life, what he always wares 0d
he despises moxt. Decide how he indulges i it anv his attitude towaed his compulsions.
can serve es nspimtion for Rawwnes crimes, Althoogh many Ravnin do nat come fo
to similar runes. For example, pride, envy and wyirice can all Lead to theft but for
ent reason It iscritical examine both the characters sin (the cause) and the transgression it leads ta (the elects) The
Storyteller ts fee to udge that the compulnive tansgressions are tox easy to deil with to qualify (simply discounting other
views is not enough fora prideful Ruvrion)
cs for gee cancun fron selina feat, For whanever reason, the Rawr nals power
enwealth. Nothing: isenough for this Rnvnos be takesind takes and takesandstil wantsmoee —whether ithe Lasembraekder's
Prd collection of rlicsr the potent blo in her vei, the Ravi fel e's his proper due to take it that t's owed tim
# Frey — Envy ie dase tolhave what oeher possoot. This ean be reputation tats, wealth, bivers — itdkacon uate
Soman has something herter than the Ravris,soshe must uxt it. The Raves wvted ghoul, sfealanatractive
piece of fewelty ot simply destroy the coveted item,
* Gluttony —The glottonous Ravncsengages in needless, wasteful and hedonistic behave ofteria theexpenseofthene
Thee She eels exci, simply for de pleasure of the Kis. She wants mote thar anyone orany
give and won't stop until she has it A glattonows Rawnos often hecorness ded creature and engages in ever more de
excesses to sake her unquenchable thirst for pheaware and ioxbulgen

* Lust — Lise isan overwhelming desire for experiences ue material things A Raviwyaflicu with hit impubsively on
imeticuloualy makes possession of anyone and anything that strikeshis fancy. *h'sinx the haviay, a's the esting" this croed. That
‘syance he has i isn enygeras important as when it was a object of his desire Lust issinlike avarice in that objets ofaention
are often abandoned in favor of newer attractions, and itt unlike gluttony in hat the Rawnion nee indulges to exces,

AA Raynas whine Beis ponds him to sins cf pie is ain, srrogent and overbearing, His desire for reccygnition
vengeance for even the: midst of slight:

* Sloth — Sothful Ravnon aren't particularly common, asthe Beust drives ther to active acts of vice. Still, the Raves
afflicted with sloth is ikely ro take the course of feast resistance — if she needs mney, she simply robs amerchant. she nex
tofeed, she hills herneighbors rather than looking fo able prey, [nother cares, ¢ may manifest asianeed to get others
to dishes wotk for het. Such a creature night have seven ghouls wha do her hunting, bringing the vic to her haven for
feodiny. CF coupe, she'l ulso need them to lean up afterward

* Wrath —A wrt jen acts impulsively inthe grip of hisemorions. He wseften driven
nsqytivislence 4 ‘ inclined to moteornate and
con i z nd publicly swear undying |
} vengeance upon his foe.


also discussed longer epic poem, The Wounds of the
Night's Sword, which goes into greater detail about the
wes" or "days of Brahma." | should alse
preface thisentite tale by warning that our Eastern kin
are decidedly pagan. They know neither C
Christ and speak of + multitude of gous.
In brief, chey believe that the world has fourages,
or "four days of Brahma." I'm not sure what the latter
ins. The first, the Age of Gold, is called the Satya
and was the time before death and sin, before
demons walked the Earth, 1 would assume that our
correlation isthe rime of the Garden of Eden. When
the Satya Yuga ended, the Treta Yuga began. This ts
1 thistime, sin and death become
real. Evil things enter the world, and the gods ap-
point protectors to keep thenv away from humanity
Next is the Duapara Yuga, the Age of Bronze, This is
the age when the demons turn the protector
feom thei

Inter two

¢ nor

away
-sand tempt them to hecome demons
themselves, The final age — in which we live — is
the Age of Iron, the Kali Yuga. We are 4,397 years
into the Kali Yuga now. Strife and destruction matk
the fourth

In the Age of Bronze, the guardians — known as
the saddhit yyat to our Eastern relations — abandoned
duties the gods appointed for them. They were 1

protect mankind from the demons who constantly

strove to devour and destroy the fabric ofall things. At
ts they fulfilled chetr duties, but aver time became
drunk with the power granted them. They turned upon
their changesimnd are thei flesh, drank their blood and
sated their lusts on those they were to protect. Men
instead called them aswratiaayya. As near as I can tell,
asimatizayya means "multitude of evils," or perhaps
"infernal hordes."
The gods saw the crimes this infernal horde com:
mitted against humanity and cursed them. Where before
they simply lusted for flesh and blood, the curse forced

them to find sustenance only from flesh and blood,
‘Where before they could wali in thesun, nowthe sun's
light burned therm cruelly to remind the accursed of
their crimes. The asuratizayya did not understand the
punishments leveled upon them, They reveled in the
‘curses inflicted upon them and maintained the domin-
ion they claimed over men.
The gods decided to take further steps against the

ye Together, this multitude of deitics created
monster worse than the asvratizayya. First, Yama, god
of the dead, sought among the dead « man whom the
monsters had wronged the most, Kali —who seems to

UIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

be a goddess of warfare, destruction or the end of the
world — imbued the dead man with a passion for
vengeance on behalf of all those who had suffered and
died at the hands of asuratizayya, Indra, pethapsa god of
the crops, granted the dead man fertility, chat he might
create others to fight the aswratizayya on his behalf. The
Earth itself restored the dead man's body and Varuna,
godofstrength restored the dead man's blood, imbuing
it with potency beyond that of the asiratizayya. The

nk this is another name for Kali, and [ do
notunderstand why she uppearsin two guises— granted
him power over maya, or "deception." Hirnavat, god of
the mountains, granted the dead man the durability of
the peaks. Hanuman. the king of monkeys, gr:
dead man a voice thar could spe
thar could hear thems, When the dead man stood before
them, the power of his blood boiling throughout his
veins and the strength of the hills surging through
limbs, another powerful god named Shiva con
him to destroy the asuratizayya

Twant to take aimoment to note that am positively
certain that T misunderstood the translations of what
each god's duties are, and I am convinced thar several
duplicate each other's duties. Any attempt to delve
furth rthese religions heliefsled te
than Thad time for. [hope toexpand my understanding,
but this is the best [ can do for now,

Three gods chose to curse the new creation, Surya,
the god of the sun, and Agni, the god of fie, refused to
sive aid to a dead thing and said that the new creature
‘would cause a scourge worse than that he'd been created
to destroy. "Fire will ever hunger for bir," Agni said.

hesun, will oneday devour him," Suryasaid,
Brahma — the creator god, and apparently also Shiva
— turned all four heads (yes, four heads) away from the
deman. This denied the demon natural sustenance
cursed him to an eternity of starvation
unnatural. vices, Brahma then na
Zapathasura — this translation was very clear it m
"acuned deuwns." The & de oreauce we ill die
Antediluvian Ravnos.

Thestory indicates thar despite the curses laid upon
hie, Zapathasura sought to fulfill his role in the world,
and that role was the destruction of the infernal horde
that plagued mankind. I find it difficult to believe that
the progenitor of our line could be so selfless given the
nance of our existence

‘That is where the story ends, but Amaravatl oifers
tore insights on the time since Zapathasura's creation,
Allso, the Karavalanisha Vrana, or The Wounds of the

ead the
toanimals, and ears

nded

nate confusion


Night's Sword, purportedly offers further insights into
our history

Ivis interesting that these Cainites have chosen to
uive themselves contextand a purpose that is lacking
in so many European Cainites. From the Embrace
onsard, they'te taught rofighta holy war againstothers
simply on the basis of lineage. On second thanghe,
pethaps they're not so different after all

The clements of Brahma, Agni and Surya's curse
fiatch closely what litle I've heard of Caine's origins,
T would hesi tw describe our founder as Caine
himself; ! wonder if chis ts 2 distorted history carried
from Enoch to India as our founder traveled east
Another aspectthatinterestsme isthe implication that
other Cainites existed in India before Zapathasura's
amval, and that their presence offended him in some
way. Orpethapshe simply wanted the land for his own.
1 do not wish to speculate too lightly on an

reiluvian‘smotives especially withastorysotangled
up ina heathen religion.

Tite Woanns or THE Nicut's Sworp

This epic pocm relates the history of the
Ravnos from their creation by the Indian gods,
duvugh some of their most spectacular bartles
with the asuratizayya. Followers of the Eastern
Road of Paradox, called Mayaparisatya, see it as a
religious text that lays out lessons and spiritual
smucdance for the road's followers. It is not a work
of prophecy. nor isitas fabled as the Book of Nod.
Icis, however, incomplete, The complete poem,
supposedly penned by Zaparhasura himself, iewaid
10 be in his haven. Speculation as to what the
rssing parts of the poem relate runs wild trough
the ranksof the Indian Ravnos. Rumors about the
content range from forbidden secrets of Golconda
to instructions Zapathasura saves for the end of
the world,

‘The most ancient among the Brahmin jati
whisper thar che missing conclusion holds a curse
so tirible it would drive the entire Raynos clan
sntoncannialistic frenzy to reveal even a portion
of rand that Zopathasurahid itaway toprotect his
descendents. In truth, none know if there even is
a conclusion, or if Zapathasura simply left off and
never finished the work.

Tue New Arrivats

We may have forgotten many of the ways of the
ast, but Amaravati and the rest of the new
Europe and the Levant have not. Are they child
of the strict rules of their homeland? Ate they Raviios
whose wanderlust drove them aver the mountains? I de
not know. As has happened at least four other times in
the past happens again and more Ravnos come to
Europe. Few tealize that Ravnos have been in Europe
for at least 2000 en fewer sccm to care. A
Jarge number follow: radocis
of the Sybarites, I believe some have come here follow
ing ralesa Sybarite coterie told their sires centuries ago
Many otherstravel with them who follow Mayapurrisatya,
the oldet and (they say) purer Road of Paradox

J would not say char, asa group, the new arrivals
form a separate jati. It may be more accu
thar each group related chrough both mortal and
Raynos blood considers itself a separate jati, with
strong taboo against Embracing outside that mortal
line. The newcomers, no matter the

nethossimilar tothe Via P

to say

thical ground,
travel with caravans of mortal relatives. They create
xhouls and Embrace solely from these relatives, ¢s-
chewing outsiders, or "gaje" as they call chem, My
best guess on what the word means is somewhere
between "uncivilized" and "animal." This is pure
‘conjecture from context, and it may not have such an
offensive literal meaning. Those 1 asked refused to
explain its meaning

‘Ofgreater concer, large number consider Ravnos
who are not of their mortal bloodlines, together called
the Roma, as aberrations that must be put down. This
isnot universal, and few are potent enough to destroy
any and every unsatisfactory Ravnos they meet. Also,
the Via Paradocis 1s much gi onalizing the
Amaranth; The Sybarites don't commit diablerie on
Raynos, but I do not know ahour the neweamers

Puart Dar

‘A small jax! travels with the newcomers. Called
the Phuri Dae, they have insight much akin to the
Brahmin, a high caste among the Eastern Ravnos
whom I will discuss in a moment. It is my belief that
they were cast out along with the orher migrants and
have chosen a new identity for themselves. The other
newcomers look to the Phuri Dae for advice and
guidance — where to go, where to feed, when w
travel, when to rest. For their part, the Phuri Dae are
probably the most trustworthy of the new arrivals and

n to ta

BOOK ONE: CHARLATANS


cousins tell

hei own bi

since he bel

men. Thankfully
newcomers and
it, Amravati

hewaswill

nos presence

in their

iv just suhich fami

whos travelers.

HE INDIAN JATI

ry muuch of distant India.
full of strange gous
1m of the stories.t
naravati has told me
1 legend and |

of these
warlire sweeps ac wave
be peaceful one week and under siege the
t's difficult to say,


WHERE ARE THE GYPSIES

Marcia actually tuveled to the Rom:
are still working their way into the Byzantine
Empire. Very few have actually come into Europe
as of 1197. In fact, Roma don't really arrive in
Eutope proper in large numbers until appresei-
marely 1300. it's
before they're widely spread throughout Europe
On a related note, the Ravnos clan is much
glider chao che Romi as a distinct culture. Some.
Ravnos legends claim a much mote ancient and
profound history for the Roma, but all evidence
indicates they originated in northeen India some-
time during the furst half af the first mille ry
AD. Raynos older than this are nor, in. fact, of
Roma descent (although some claim it to avoid
strife with the more conservative Roma Ravnos)
In truth, Europe hoses: respectable Ravinos pupu-
Iation long before the Roma people arrive. Even
10, there are not nearly so many Ravnos as there

inothertwo centuries

Asthe Roma and the Ravnos whe travel with
them arrive in Europe, the common perception of
the Ruvnos is gradually overtaken by the more
flamboyant and audacious new arrivals, Withina
few centuries, many Cainites assume the now:
comerseverwhelmed and destroyed the Europeans,
Many of the pee-Roma Ravnos prefer ie thie w:
Rather than risk association with their less tem-
y choose to present themselves
as member of other clans. Some Ravnos do not
choose this deception, preferring to maiieain art
open existence. Phaedymites persist in France for
relations with the local
Cainice courts throughout that period

centuries and rain

The Ravaos of India continue to hold wo more
raditional lineages: They seem to only Embrace from:

vith the
those between noble and peasant, Each caste or Ravnos
jati hus duties to perform as pe

eaves me unconvinced, based on
the attitude most of the newcomers show toward those
whoare not of their mortal bloodlines, that the Eastern
Ravnos would welcome ourarrival wit

(of good will. As | understand it, they would sooner
destroy many of us than allow our existence to blight
their pure blood.

own castes, social tr ad it

same traditional

BRanMin

The Brahmin are renowned for their insight and
their knowledge of Zapathasua's desires. The first of
the Brahmin jati was reputedly the first of Z
childer, and served for millennia as the Antediluvian's

and prophet. His childer follow it his foorstepsand
have insight beyond that of other Ravnvs,

Ksyarriya

The Kshatriya are known as. great leaders and
warriors. and this caste apparently outlines the overall
strategy to be taken against the asuratizayya. Kshateiya
warriors seem to either serve as bodyguards to elders and

Brahmin or to lead war coteries against the demons.

as watch over cities, They look for signs
of asteratizayya activity as wel
Brahmin and Kshatriya, This m
influence within the mort
for the Raynos and manage information.

Sapras

Sudras are not a vampiric caste at all, The Sudras
aare ghouls, chosen for their competene
They maintain the households forthe three tue jai
handle daylighearfinrs I sconsidered unseen
Indian Raynos to make a ghoul of anyone not of the
Sudra caste

herds for the
chant caste also seeks

CHANDALAS

The Ravnoswould very much ratherthatChandakis
didnorcxist. They forma caste of untouchables whoare
noteven considered membersof the clan and draw their
unlucky members from a variety of sources, Some are
Embraced Sudras, others for Em
hrcing out of caste or committing offense against an
elder. From Amuaray
Chandalas would be what we call Caitiff, and some
might even be lost members of other clans.

Although despised, the Chandalas are given ritual
duties (y peufoun lt exchange for continued existence
Amaravatisaysthey seek out and destroy certain corpses

in an effort to stop then from becoming tools of the
asuratizayya, which leads me to wonder if there is not
Cappaidocian blood in theit number. Those wh fail ar
refuse these duties are simply destroyed, and even those

who accept face other restrictions. They are forbidder
tofeed upon the healthy —Chandalasmay only feed
the ill, the infirm and the mortal untouchables. The
only healthy vessel an untouchable
widow, and only if he drinks her

ay drink from is a


Jatt AND Disi

Despite the wide variety ofdistinetiansdrawn

ng Raynos due to mortal birth and Embrace

we, only two jati actually qualify as Cainite

and they're both the same bloodline,

at that, The Phuri Dac among the new arrivals

ud the Brahmin of Indi have Auspex and not

‘ortitude asa clan Discipline
Jatiure social boundatie
simaply serve as a mark of lin

in Europe, they
sage, occasionally of

ideology or religion, and often of both. None
develop a different set of chan Disciplines

Tin New Breen
A bit over centuries ago, a large number of Ravnos

and their mortal Roma relatives chose en masse t0
n the caste system, the war and their homeland.

They joined with an even larger group of nor

tion from Northern Indi
Withi

ads in 9
ded for Europe.

se nomads arrivedt
id they've been trickling
into Europe through Greece and Turkey «

OTHERS

The following isdistilled from my observations and
travels as well as from Amaravati's impressions. From
ther elans have
een to India in the past. She calls them the "false
blooded." Her reaction to the story of the Curse of

Caine was the stitement that Caine had scolen the
secret from Zapathasura.

afew decades. the

her own wor

| present Amaravati's views first in each case. My

own observations follow

ASSAM
Avid chose who crave blood
ng yours, The thers ave more interesting, schol-

buth. They have much w offer in the way
n abut the West anu know better thar many

deceive. They donot know svadharma,
1 of ner wart: for es,

they won't think twice

We maintain a mutual distance with the

Assamites. They are wary of a careless thief while we
don't want to deal with a vitae-maddened thug,

dandalleviated,
dealings, 1 should
isas likely to be a

08 is a careless

‘Once any concerasareacknowleds
we rarely have problems inv ot
note that any Assamite you me

vitue-maddened thug as any

UBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

thief. Tales being what they
as civilized as a Cainite can be

Braian

They are violent and stubborn. Many take the airs
Of scholarship, but don't show nearly the depth dey
want you to believe, and the elders are last in the
dreams of a dead "paradise." If you meet one, tell him
‘how you respect his honor and seek to understand and
adopt his ways. With such blandishments, the proud are
easily ewaed.

Many Ravnos regard Bruijah with a mixture of
‘contempt, fear and opportunism. The Zealots are 50
devoted to their causes and their scholarship that they
‘often forget just what they truly are. They seek out
honor in othersso desperately that itischildishly simple
to convince them thar you think as they do, Brujah are
often s0 taken with appearances that J suspect that it
would take little effort for a Ravnos to claim Brujah
lineage and gain acceptance in the clan.

Cappapocians

They spend so much time scrutinizing the dead, 1
wonder why they don't simply destroy themselves and
join them, Sail, they do have secrets and thir knowledge
of death gives them some degree of henver over i.

ppadociansare ofa very serious, studiousilk. Truc,

their chosen study isrepuymantandoften filthy, but itean
nforthose of uswith the blood of
1 companion. Weree the world de
ing around us and those who pierce the secrets of that
process may well rouch upon some great secrets

Fo.towers or Ser

How tiresome. Blood drinking degenerates wh
peddle some tepid form of self-proclaimed * enlighten
ment" and worship a snake god? Fools

Iesentertaining to nore that while the Followers of
Set publicly decry our existene
privately deal with us just as with anyone else. They
deny cur presence in Eevot vet Ravnos have traveled
the Nile for centuries nd how many reside
in Alexandria. In public, avoid the Serpents. Inpriv:
exchange information on your mutual enemies. They
if only temporarily.

most Assamites are

have itsuses
dead is aconst

and our crimes, they

can make valuable allies

GANGREL,

Oh, es. Low of these Animals, ‘The Kara
side him forthe same reasem. Where Zapathasura stood and
aaccepued his charge, his sister turned her hack upon the gods

cand sought her own road. The gods cursed her to live as an


animal and to wander ceaselessly without rest for her sin.
Some believe her children can be taught the svadharrna their
sire rejected. Sometimes, they are right. More often, the
coward's children react with murderous rage

‘The Gangrel disgust me. They root about in the
wildemessand praise their bestial nature as something
admieable Ie dows not help that they seem to think we
committed some mortal offense against them in the
past and that even their neonates are indoctrinated in
the dea chat we must be eradicated. I do not even
pretend co understand the reason for this, and I recom:
mend avoidance and pre-eruptive destruction.

LaASOMBRA

Where Brwiak hattcn om pride, ehese dark ones feed
mvanity. A Lasombra must be m control at all ames,
‘muest know that's going om around her and cannot
afford to let shat fagace sip in frome of anyone. To stay
im ker good side, help her maintain the appearane
tomeyol. When it comes time, you ca slip her entire
emprre of delusions out from sonderneath her and she will
be left powerless, with slighted rivals waiting for the frst
sign of weakness.

I shall add to Amaravati's point here. We Ravnos.
don't have a large number of friends. If you can get on
4 Lisombro's good side, yeu: can probably get a lot of
protection from that association, even if not directly
{rom che Lasomnbra, Never betray o destroy an associate
tion before its usefulness js over. The Sybarite jati have
hhad dealings with the Lasombra since before Rome's
{all.and they continue to do so.

MALKAVEANS

The Matkavians are muly the most peculuar of all these
"Caines." They are, one and all, mad, bur they have a
elovity of perception that leas many of them straight to their
svadbarma without any prompting. They are dervishes of
chaos and no eye sits ar the center of the storm, Even those
Mallavians who adopt Mayaparisatya may decide that you

o be shown your svadharma, one way or another.

Wikh the woy cotiatc
Wonder anyone can tell the difference between our
clans. Fortunately, we're not given to divine fits and
sudden visions. The best course of action around the
Malkavians ts maximum caution. The Madmen vacil-
late between inspiration and mge — one is valuable,

the other di

ome' of 3

They show on their face that which whispers to us in
or hearts. For that alone, we have a common ground.

Do not assume any friendship or kindness from them,
however, as many take offense at our very existence. Do
‘not rreat them with disdain or pity. and you may learn
something from thei forbearance
Don'tletthe filthy exterior fool you—the Nosferatu
are sharp and careful. They know entirely too much
bout any topics chat say surprise you. Some are
given to piety and others to monstrous indulgence and
itisoften difficult to discem the difference. Treat them
with caution acall timesand your guard down
when they're around, and they're always around

TorEanor

Eternal diseractions, What a waste of immortality i
is, whiling away the hours pretending to create someching
puirely the province of mortals. Dead things cannot
create, only destroy. Artisans are dangerous because they
ddo not wnderstand this busic truth of their ex They
deny their nature, their urges and thetr hungers. Only
when they muly understand that they mary bring omby fu
and misery will they have worth

Much of our ill-repute
Not only are they tempting targets for the
‘among us, but they delight in spreading stories of our
devious ways. Where Toreador gather, we aré not
welcome. Most Ravnos are not thieves, bur most who
areflack to the Artisans like flies to honey. Predictably,
the Artisans screech with great vigor when wronged.

TREMERE

1 hadl heard that they destroyed the Salubri, ens action
that I cannot applaud enough, Unfortunately, despite the
service they've done the world, | suspect they have the
potential to become a much greater nuisance than any of
Seaulot's brood ever was

Ifaclanexiststhathasa worst reputation chan wedo,
thatelan would be the Tremere. This, alongwith the fuct
thacthey'reae war makes awonderful oppurtunity forany
Ravnioswho cares to think long enough. No, don't ry to

get their magical knowledge from them, or betray therm.
Culeivate theo — Ravine wander everywhere, even

places Tremere are not yet welcome. A clever Ravnos
can take advantage of thisand cultivarealliesin the most
useful locations. Besides; they hate the
should always be encouraged.

Tams

How rank untouchables could become lords of any
land is notsomething I wish wo know. Svadhirmis lost on
these pathetic animals — destroy them out of mercy, if
nthing else

gems from the

nisce and that

BOOK ONE: CHARLATANS


The Tsimisce lonthe usin 9 way even the Toreador
do not — but they hate the Tremere even motes I eat)
understand thetr hatred for us, tiven thetr strong sense
of tetrivory and the lack us show for
ity Why they loathe che Tremere $0, I am uncertain.
Their hatred probably relates to the fact that both

espect son

The trick with the Teimisce is to avoid their notice. If
they cutch you anyway, try to ger away as quickly as
possible and try to make it look like:someone else —
like the Gangrel — was ar fault
VENTRUE

Yes, [now the upstart lords, They came to ener lands
tong ay andl ried wo clatme them for thely own, but the
aasuratizayya made short work of must uf them. Those who
remain vole They coexist with us — if not
peacefully. at least with respect

The Ventrue are not amused. That is, | think, the
best way to characterize their telarions with much of
our clan, Your relationship with luminaries such as
Mithras t© more of the exception than the mule, I'n
alraid, Most Patrici
ghouls burn us by day if they know where wesleep. The
solution ts, I think, to look respectable at all times and
take an eye foran eye when they strike against our own.

Baau

Where the so-called *Childnen of Caine" are misguided
sand aavogant; dhe Baal tively serve « nauldtude of srs
lords unborn to ws. They nice thet curse withot care or
discipline and must be destroyed whenever found. The Baal
have rejected theérsvadharma. If yc

at destruction is the better conrse.

are quite happy to have their

nenlighten one, do

Few topicsdmw nearly universal agreementamong
Cainites. One such topic is the Banli —

12 Pagan
shiva and
ih and Tzimisce often

Followersof Set and Gangre!, the devout Lase

Nosferatu and che militant Bru

agnee that Baali must be destroyed root and branch,

This is why I su slightly divergent course — offer
1 anal provection in exchange for ther know!

edge. Once yon knaw what the Banli has to-offer, then
vy hum. Le and never
n realize just how short his leash truly ts

hin believe he leads youd

LIBELLUS SANGCINIS 4

Sacaper

Sauder aiid his children deserve nuthin better than
dlesmuction. Those who preach the Golconda lie aim chat
nature and gain balance and
control over the Beast. This is wnony! We exist im balanced
Ieis oursvadharma to rage in hactle and lust for blood. To
de otherwise ts to lose the precavious path between what is
‘re and what is rel

The Salubn sometimes rravel with Raynos: for
‘This does create u bic of friction when Tremere catch
them du, but italio serves as iy handy disguise. Who'd
expect a healer wo live among thicves and cutthroats?
Apsfarisret with them po, | woukdn'rexpece them,
to survive much longer. Cut your losses when you have
to, give them aid when you can, mike anything they
have to offer und move on

THE END OF THE
Roap

Thusendstny first chroni¢leof my encounters with

the tampore cars overcome

ercompantanship, andwhecan blame the

other Ravnos. The newcomers worry me, perhaps be-
yond what should be apparent. Some show the signs of
true fanaticism, and their beliefs are dangerously alien.
‘Afew indicated tome thar they would be happy to wipe
the "impure blood from the clan and start fresh

I dia h 9 group of the
newcomers and hasabandoned the Road of Chivalry to
pursue the tenets of Eastern Paradox. He tells me he is
content with this decision, hut something abour his
manner gives me pause. | donot believe the newcomers
all wish us ill, but Ido not think they intend any good,
-ethe look in Heetor'seyes and | wonder what

id Hector, He was wi

either. |
is in store for the rest of us. Only the rare newcomer is
nd those are invattably polite
— too polite, I think —when dealing with me. T worry
that their elders will follow behind them, and if they
I worry for ou own future.

plder than two centuries

vo with the sacest ate At sts his



Tue Uses

A Ravnos does not so much trick a victim with
Chimerstry as externalice something she herself expe-
riences. A Charlatan must assemble the illusion in her
mind, and then force those images and sensations upon,

e around her, For a lowly power such as lenis

this is as simple as imagining a wall into the

knife, But the wall does not truly block

passage, nor does the knife cut. Ignis Eatuus isa stmplis-

tie power and requires very little attention to manifert.

Dweomer-level illusions are more complex and more

useful. The knife hasan edge to the touch and the wall

acks passage to those who accept it reality. No

axcer how shusrp it feels, however, the knife does not
ally cut

Apparition allows the Ravnos to put some of her
own will intoan il Jing motion, To use

rion, the Ravnos muse not only visualize haw

on looks, feels, sounds, smells and possibly

tastes, but must also apply an element of indepen-
nt motion — wge can walle and talle so
ng as the Ravnos focuses the totality of his will
upon it. If he allows his concentration to lapse, the
age simply repeats the same motion over and over

ny or says the same words. This is useful if it's a

sion, thus

wolf prowling slowly just out of the range offirelight,
burcan be awkward if t's the local lord greeting his
sworn knight.

Permuanency requires the Ravnos to take a portion
ofherselfand use i to give an illusion more "reality." It
becomes a part of her, connected through her vitae.
‘The image enduretasste does. It vanishes if che Ravnos:

wishes it, or if circumstances require it. Otherwise, it
can endure for centuries
Horrid Reality ts where Chimerstry truly comes

ito its own, bur it's difficult to use. A HOS MUST
vividly imagine painful and horrific fates and impose
them upon others, The very need to envision the
experience of " or "staking through
the heart" to the degree necessary to inflictsuch pain
on others ts a harrowing act of will, Every time
Raynos creates a Horrid Reality, she creates a per-
sonal hell and imposes it upon another thinking
person. She must understand it, visualize i, internal

iand know it in a way that almost requires her to
experience it firsthand. As devastatingly effective m
Horrid Reality can be, few Ravnos can bear to use it
more than a few times before exhausting their own
inner strength.

LUIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4+

CHIMERSTRY AND THE FAE

It's a common misconception among the other
clans that Chimerstry comes from the Fierie folk, but
hiss far from the truth. Chimerstry itself has nothing
to do with the Fae or anything like them — some
Raynos believe that it derives from Mayaparsatya , the

Easter Road of Paradox. The doctrine states thar
‘Chimerstry is the worldly expression of the Road, with,
the capacity to conceal or reveal che ruth with the
wave af a hand

Despite statements elsewhere, Ravnos do not nee
to drink faerie blood «o improve Chimerstr

pursue this practice, bur itis very di
have been known to tell their childer such things to
Uiscourage them from learning Chimverstry at all. Those
Raynos who are resourceful enough to find those Fae
who still lurk in the wild comers of Europe and then
cruel enough to drink their blood are
surprise. Faerie blood —which can appear to be wine,
vinegar or even fresh water — is nourishing, but has
many unpredictable effects. The Ravnoc may lose track
of time, expetience traumatic illusions, or simply war:
der uneil dawn,

New DiscieuiNe
POWERS

read across many different lands and the prod
ucts of several different cultures, Ravnos have
developed many unique uses for their Disciplines
Many of these concern Chimerstry and the applic:
ton of illusions, but not all. In particular, Anumalism
is mich more useful to the Ravnos than might appear
at first glance. Ravnos find it extremely helpful for
traveling, spying and supplying guardians and allies
when needed. Other Cainites expect Ravnos to use
illusions all out of proportion to how often they
actually do, and Animalism provides a nice counter-
point to that. There ie no greater eotiefaction for a
Charlatan than watching a pack of wolves tear a rival
limb from limb ashe desperately tries todisbelieve the
"obvious Ravnos deception."
Tu Beust's Vicor (Al
Tree, Fortrrape LevE

Tapping into the bond between regnant and thrall,
‘@ Raynos knowing the Beast's Vigor may call upon
nearby animal ghoul's vitality co absorb injuries that
could otherwise incapacitate him. The wounds appear


HAUNTING OF THE BLoop

Chimerstry can he a double-edged sword, To
Project @ convincing glamour, a Ravnos must
actually experience the trickery herself, Under
most circumstances, a Charlatan is able to deal

with this self-trickery and remains aware of w
isreal and what is not. But every once in a while.
the Beast'srage and frustration fires the phantoms
of Chimerstry and they haunt the Ravnos herself
Few. Revnos have not scen unexpected shapes
crawling about the periphery of their vision, but
the unlucky few are haunted by horrors sum-
moned from their own souls

System: WhenaplayerbotchesaChimerstry
roll, che Raynos comes to he haunted by one af
her own illusions. The nature and power of this
ephemera depends on the circumstances of the
level of Chimerstry involved. A boteh using
Ignis Faruus creates indeterminate shapes that
pop up in the comer of the vampite's eye, dis:
her buc doing little cle. A both using
Horrid Reality would summon up a convincing
manifestation of the vampire's Beast, willingand
able to pursue its creator to the ends of creation.
The devails dre up to the Storyteller, but the
illusory stalker is unable to destroy its creator

although it can hurt her ifit is powerful enough.
The haunting lasts for roughly one month per

level of Chumerstry
Thissystem isoptional, Storytellers with theér

own ideas of wba dark fates result from Chimerstry
bowhes shouldin't hesiuste to go their own route:

on the animal's body, seemingly without cause. If the
animal survives, healing leaves scars and any fur that
rows back is white

System: If the Ravnos has any animal ghouls

within sight, he may elect to use this power, The
player spends one blood poinc and rolls Stamina +

Animal Ken (difficulty 8). Each success transfers one
Health Level of damage (any type) to the animal. The
Reast's Vigor can only be used immediately after the
vampire is wounded (after the soak roll) and counts as
a teflexive action

The Beast's Vigor costs 10 experience points

Mino oF THe Wits CANIMAUISM LeveL
Two, Auseex Levit. Four)

This power is known solely to a few Phuti Dac,
who use it to tind safe routes of travel and camp sites
‘A vampire with this power spreads her awareness

through the local wildlife to get a general sense af
conditions nearby —the presence or absence of ditt
get, safe placesand humans. li'simpossiblery
number or type of umpire
Just gets an overall impression. For more specifics, the
Phuri Dae must either summon an animal to ask or
scout the area directly

System: The player rolls Perception + Animal
Ken (difficulty 8) while the va
a full turn. Bach success gr:

ctermine
angerous creatures; the

+ more information over
1 larger area. One success might grant very general
knowledge about an
could cover a mountain pass or a small forest and
locate the most dangerous (and safest) areas therein
A boteh results in false or misleading infort

The Storyteller should be careful toavoid giving away
mation with Mind of the Wilds. It's

intended tohelp character scout anaren, rather than

re of less, while five successes

too much info
serve in place of such reconnaissance.

Mind of the Wilds costs 15 experience p
to learn.

Nieuraare Curse CAuspex Leven
Four, Cummerstry Levet. Five)

This powercomes fiom the Indian Brahmin jatiand
through them to the Phurt Dae. It's used as
ment upon those who deserve worse ¢
destruction. The Ravnos draws his victin's greatest fear
forth to plague her night and day. This nightmare
creature is only perceptible to the victim, but it can
‘oceasionally make its presence known in small ways to
others, It always takes a form relevant to the yietim's
fears—a neonate who f
be plagued by wrathful angels or the priest from his
hone village.

System: The player spends one point of Willpower
(two for Cainite targets) and rolls Perception + Intimi
ation (difficulty equal to target's Willpower), The
Ravynos concentrates for a full turn to draw forth the
victim's greatest fear and give it life for one night pet
success. Traditionally, the Ravnos makes eye contact
with the vietim (who may be tied ot held down by her
tormentor's clanmates), but thar isn't necessary. If the
victim is within sight bur does not make eye contact
the Ravnos player suffers a +1 difficulty penalty; ifthe

BOOK ONE: CHARLATANS

punish
mn mere

rs the vengeance of God will


in is within a mile of the Ravnos bur not within

in which to focus, the player suffers a +2 difficulty
penalty, Ifthe victim isfurther away than a few milesor
he Ruwnos has no item on which to concentrate,

he player can choose to extend the curse's dur

tiombyspendinygblood when the curse ifirstaummoneds
to the cults, It vanishes at
ngthatrime, the vietim

Jand Nightmare Flaws,

each point adds a ful
sunrise after its final night, Dy

Horr Bi
Hornd Bl

sTRY Leven Six)

was originally a secret of the Indian

f the Ksharriya jati and was used in their

ceineless and savage battles with the as

atizayya de
mons, but knowledgeoft pewith

>arrived in pre-Roman eimes, With
ns with physi

onintoexistence

cal substance. Shesimply willsthew

LIBELLUS SHINGUINIS +

ruil bla
imerstry

it exist

and it appears.asa'n
loerid Blade i'w: (

physical reality, whil

others. Although

1 can inflice grievous
injuries

System: The player spend
as well as one blood paine per damage dik th
inflicts over Seren rid Knife would cost
one blood + | damage). She may
ditional dic bey
n foe a

wo Willpower point
e weapon

for full

moment she activates the power and remal
hand if the player spends another blood
Horrid B

that c

effect ends

Truti's Essence

(Cuimerstry Leven Six)
Unlike other

this ab

¢ inflicts agymvated damage

ised by Horrid Reality, ir does not fade

ye truth to observers. Ir dispe
weaker uses of Chimerstry or Obfuscan

lity reveals


wer is aware or has reason to suspect. A Ravnos ean
{umn it on-a Nosferatu and reveal his true form to all
who watch, oc he can banish an irritating illusion his
childe has conjured. The power has no other effects
and so appeats as a failure of the targeted illusion
rather than « manifestation of the Ravnos' power.
Those few who know this power do not advertise it, as
theability co reveal the hidden is just as dangerous as
the po

System: If the Ravnos is aware of (or has good
se@o0 lo suspect) use of Chimersiry or Obfuscaie, he
may use Truth's Embrace by concentrating for a turn,
The player spends two blood points and rolls Wits +

against a difficulty equal co the target's

Ithe rolls one or more

xe power is dispelled for the scene. Truth's

Estence only works on targets who have no more dats

in Obfuscute than the Raynos has in Chimerstry than
the user has in Chimerstey. leis unaffected by

tion, however. The Storyteller is the final judge of

whether the Ravnos has

fer to conceal the obvious

"good reason" to suspect
ipposedly abandoned

or the sudden appearance of flames
from thin air both qualify

I\ Forkep Roap

Much of the ill will directed toward Raviios in

Europe stems from the practices (or repuited practices)
of the followersaf the Road of Paradox. The lords and
ladies of Europe's Cainite courts believe that most, if
ijorall, Ravnos follow this debauched philosophy that
cs power without responsibility and existence
without meaning. A follower of Paradox in thei midst
inly works to undermine their court, wishes to
blerize their childer and sows destruction in his

There is, unfortunately, some truth to these fears.
Bor few realize chat not all Charlatans follow so de-

hauched » Road or that the Western Read of Paradox
lultmately derives from a much older and much more
complete Cainite belief system. Indeed, among the
Ravnos, the Via Paradocis is more akin to a heresy
against the ancient way of Mayaparisatya—the Eastern
Road of Paradox — chan a universal principal,

MAYApARISATYA? PARADOX REDUX

The older, Eastern Road of Paradox, is properly
known as Mayaparisarya and refers to the Ravmios
practice of "truth through deception," or enlighten-

[ DISBEUEVE

All too often, players respond to what they're
convinced are Chimerstry-driven illusions with "I
disbelieve thar image/trick/illusion," Thisisnot x
straightforward a: ing "I do not be-
suspicion that C 1, Lacking
empirical proof that it isan illusion (and noway to
rest it), i's difficult to dex
simply will a false: irmayge an

Considera Cainite faced with fi
must be illusory. The fire burns,

heat and light. If he approaches it, he
Would he pur his hand in t? Aseasily as he woul
put his hand into.a real flame, Once he did steel
himself sufficiently to doso, he'd quickly prove to
himself thar i's nota real flame
would be undone. He could more easily pur son
thing flammable in the flame without touching it
tw ger the same tesult, OF course, ifthe Ravn is
nearby, he could (with Apparition) create the
impression thacthe object hud bumed in the flame
With Horrid Reality, the Ravnos could even in.
flict the impression upon the doubting Cainite
that the fire burned his hind — eeinforeing the
iMlusion for the victim and any onlookers
Dispelling or disbe! an illusion should
rarely come dewn to rolling dice or spend
Willpower point «
logical action should take precedence over game
mechanics,

heiseerain

nd the illusion

tent thoy
guide Cainites to understand the wuth of what they are
before destroying them, Only with underst
their svahama can they move be
and meaninglessexistence andre
eyele of life, death
s adherents believe Mayaparisarya to be
Zapathasura's creation, to better aid his childer and
their childer in understandir

1 falsehood, In its purest fe

ond thetr illusory
wn to semsaar, or the
nil rebirth:

heir role m living
death. It exhorts the Ravnos to show the demons «
India — the asuratizayya— the falsehood of theit life

h existence and relewse them from that prison
once they understand, Cainite contact as early as
Alexander's conquests led many co-apply the philoso:

phy to the Cainites


The ideal of Mayapunisatye is thar all Ravnos are
Embraced as a sacrifice to, and to become a servant of,
the gods (that ideal is not always followed, of course),
As servants, Ravnios must fulfill the task Shiva set
before Zapathasura — to destroy the asuratizayya, De-
ception and trickery ate tools, to show the uansitory
nature of other concerns, and weapons with whi
fight the demons. Self-indulgence is anathema to the
followers of Eastern Paradox, although the appearance
of self-indulgence can be a useful mask. Some would
call this hypocrisy, but ir is a uncful deception in the
unending wars that cage in the Indian nights. Those
who stand up to announce theie purity rarely survive
Jong against the asvratizayya

Devotees of Mayaparisarya choose their childer
very carefully, sometimes taking years to select one tor

in proper for a direct servant of the gos, The

teachings of the Road includesevera
who can receive the Embrace and when, The stronger
prohibition requires that a Ravnos never Embrace
outside his mortal jati and thase Embraced out-o
usually become untouchables asdo the

riteria that limit

beacing outside one's jati is grounds for exile, then
Embracing foreigners is scen as worthy of execution or
worse punishments.

Another prohibition, enforced only by the most
dogmatic followers of Eastern Paradox, is against En
bracing women. According to the Road's orthodoxy
women are not proper sacrifices 10 the yuls. Odhets
differon the reasoning, andone story in the Karavalanisha
Vrana relates how Zapathasura's unnamed sister be-
trayed the purpose she was created for, and this betrayal
inakes women unsuitable. Another story from the epic
describes how Zapathasura Embraced another woman
‘out of love, who supposedly surpassed his own martial
prowess. He tried to enforce the prohibition against
Embracing women so that they would not overshadow
his chosen, Most Ravnos pay only lip service co this
tradition, giving men greater ritual value but Embric-
ing from both sexe,

Very few followers of Eastern Paradox have come
to Europe, as faithful adherence requires them to
remain in India where they can fulfill their svadharma
Those who have come west see lands dominated by

Minimum Weongdoing for
Convietion Roll

Embracing a Woman.
Embracing outside the jac

Destroying another Ravnios

Killing mortal for simple sunteusince

Failing to destroy onother vampire
who repeatedly refuses to
acknowledge his svadharma
Killing a mortal for reasons other
than survival

anlure to-aid another's seadhaymdi

Allowing Cainite
affairs to precede one's suadharma
Accepting the blood oath

ratizayya

Embracing needlessly or out of

personal desire

MAavavarisarya CEastern Parapox) HIERARCHY OF SINS

Rationale

Males traditionally make better offerings to the gos,
All things have their pla

order established by Heaven.

Only the mostdrastic oferimesdemind theending
of a Ravnos.

All morcals must have thetr chance to fulfill thei
seadharma,

Those who cannot comprehend truth need
another try to ger it right.

Denyingamortal hisright oachieve his svadbarma
1s the greatest of crimes against che pods.

This is the Raves' purpose to fail at it isto lose
‘one's wadhuarma

Allegiance isto the gods, not to degenerates

Neverenslave yourwill roanother. It prevents you
from following your seadharma and clouds your
judgment

Embrace only he who.can full his duties for the gods

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS


Cainites (surely relatives of the asurarizayya), where
none of the Ravnos jati have kept to their duties.
Many Western Ravnos even believe themselves to he
descended from Caine.
The Eastern Road of Paradox teaches Conviction
Self-Control

THE WESTERN ROAD OF PARADOX

‘Those European and other Western Ravnos who
sal adhere to their clan's uniqu
scnually follow a path derived, bur much separated,
from Mayaparisarya. The "Via Paradocis" known in
Enrope pays little or no heed to the idea of dircet
sacrifice and service to any gods. What remains is a
central belief in the primacy of personal destiny —
only rarely called suadharma, Any challenge to per:
sonal freedo
be destroyed, and all forms of soe'
such challenges, Deception and il
juanintees af freedom — what others do nor know,

belief structure

tsan attack on that destiny and so must
control areseen as
sion are the only

they cannot control.
Adberents ore known for their clever and diaholi,
cal schemes, their complex deceptionsand theit lack of
regard for social mores. In truth, nor all af the followers
are quite this extreme — only the most dedicated and
dangerous of Raynos pursue this philosophy to its
logical and nihilistic conclusion: the destruction of all
social bonds.
what the Road of Parn-
dx requires ofits followers — that they must commit
diablerie on any elder they find, that they:seek the
ntend ofall things. The truth isnot completely far
from che mark. It ll too evay for Ruvnos to uve
F justification for thets depraved acts. It does
not require constant, unendingly chaotic, senseless,
antisocial behavior, however, The Road stipalates that
tts followers seek ways co harm society, whether by
killing a village full of humans or slowly bringing about
the collapse of a powerful prince's court. It does not
requite that the Raynos do this at the expense of her
‘own survival, nor does she need to act in a random,

Rumors abound regan

unfocused manner

The Via Paralocis is often a convoluted justifica
tion for the Ravnos to indulge in her own weakness —
the need ro sin against God and man, According to its
strictures, Ravnos must not allow others to learn their
true motivations and beliefs, since such knowledge
would rourinely lead to their destruction. This is why
European Cainites hold such contradictory (andl often
incorrect) views about Ravnos beliefs, behavior and

motives — the Ravnos deliberately conceal the truth
ahour their dealings under a deceptive veil. Road fol
lowers strongly value theie personal freedom to act as
they wish.

Western Paradox teaches that the ui
inherent in every Ravnos is natural, and mu
heeded whenever possible
know of her sin, she must never allow anyone t

but, since none muse

observe itand survive (orremember it, or realize what
he witnessed). The adh also obey her de
sires — if she wants something, she should get tt, This

does not mean that she must stedl it. She may get it
honestly of dishonestly or however sh Ifitis
something that would increase her own personal power
she must get it at all costs, Not ro do so isto reject the

primacy of her own destiny

Road adherents must also work against Cainite
courts, which are by definition corrupt. This does not
necessarily requite an open and obvious attack upon &
prince, but rather an insidious assault upon the very
fabric of Cainite society, If the
busily feudin

supires in a city ate
aginst one another, the enterprising
Ravnos ean take the opportunity tr wrk with one or
more sides and

ually topple the court

The most dedicated followers of Vin Paradocis
actually work their tactics upon moreal society as well
é. They also seek out Cainites who would be

open to the Road and try to bring them onto it. For the
ttuly deve

as Cain

Cainite courts and fiels it is necessary to remove the
pillars of those courts — the elders. A Ravnos might
choose an elder (preferably one who's wronged him in
the past) and spend years or decades destroying that
clder's unlife time. A murdered retainer
here, aburned-out haven there. Eventually, when the
Ravnos rakes everything from the elder, all that re-
mains 1s her existence.

The Western Read of Paradox teaches Conviction
and SelConteol

me piece:

BOOK ONE: CHARLATANS


Minimum Wrongdoing for
Road Score Conviction Roll
10 Avoiding slowly taking an elder's
uunlife —his allies, his power, his
‘existence — apart piece by piece
(preferably ending in diablerie)
Refusing to turn a promising
candidate to Paradox
ling to attempt to undermine
mortal society

gratify desires for
knowled

irems, people or
anything else

Failing co inclulge urge to sin (the
clan weakness)

Getting conght at indulging sin
(the clan weakiness)

Failing to get items or knowledge
thar will increase personal power, or
ifit can't be taken, failing to destroy it
Failing to attempe to erode a Cainite
power structure

Allowing others to learn too much
about you

Accepting the blood oath

Rationale
Elders of other clans have gr
Take it as your own,

Some Cainites can understand the way. Teach them
if they will lear.

Mortals ere:
needs. We must break th
those harriers to our needs

Jaws to prohibit us from fulfilling our

society down to remove
The Vampire form grants a» hangers and desiies so
that we may know what experiences to seek out. To
avoid those experiences isto truly ule

The Embrace frees us to indulye our darkest whiis
To deny those whims is 10 deny yoursel.

Both mortal and Cainite society frown upon many of

‘our activities. Do not allow them to see us, or if they

Greater power is great

wallow them to act on that kisowlede

freedom,

Even more than mortals, Cainites would limit Our
actions and deny us our needs, To destroy a prince's
fief is to leave it open for us to do as we please
What they do not know about

against you. The balance of know

he in your favor

ou, they cannot use

accept the blood oath is to ce
individual and become an extensi

DECEPTION AND
STEALTH

Ravnios who wish to travel Dark Medie

s. They le

bers of other clans so they may

fiefs without a great fear of expulsion or

simply to avoid Gangrel, Some Ravnos
or mote altemate personas over a long

period of time to avoid persecution or consequences

unmolested adopt alternate gui
carry themselves as me
actually eeu
execution

CLAN IMPERSONATION

Ravrios occasionally choose to assume alternate

\dentities in other clans This works bese with oo

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS +

Manipulationand Subserfin nadiition tothe
Alternate Identity Rackgro
establish an identity, che Raynos should spend time

researching the clan she wishes to infiltrat

ped below. Th

a plausible identityand findameans

is not always so easy as it looks, Many Cainite
Dark Medieval world ke
within their cla

with only a little research,

recouds of the various lines

mnposter

[c's generally much easter to impersonate a neo:
nate than an ancilla or elder. If care
taken, within » matter of sareful Ravnos
could establish herself asa mimber of any clin she
lowists

cares to. Even the most obsessive Cainire


wo the displacement, disappearance and
destruction of many Cainires, making false identities
caster to establish

New BackGROouND
Atrernare Lp

In Dark Medieval E snot very difficult wo
and identity. Commu

ist to pass.as her assumed persona claim
ever anyone will believe. Such quick identities
turely stand up to concerted scrutiny, however. Espe
cially ix Caunive ei co recorde of lineage and
age-old allegiances make hackgrounds easier to verify,
) well-established often de-
cades — to cre md build. TI nos needs a
plausible cover story thar will stand up to investiga-
thon should it come under suspicion. This Background
tepresents that time and effort and thus how difficult
it is for others to find inconsistencies in a Charli
false persona (and how much status thar persona can
confer), Storytellers can use 5 + Alcemare Identity as
the difficulty on extended investigative actions un-
The sctual ability to act as a member of another clan,
however, falls under Subterfuge

Players can take this Background maultipte times at
multiple levels for muinple identities: Storytellers are
free to limit the wse of this Background and demand
detailed explanations. False identities often require the
hulp of allies ro establish, for example

Your identity is new and won't stand
much scrutiny. Ir'sfine fot casual inter
actions, but if decides to
investigate yourbackyround, he'slikely
todiscover the ruth
Your identity can stand up tw
If someone is determined to find the
truth about your bickground, he will
likely succeed with effort.
Your identity is known to a few
fiefs and you actually have name
recognition in these cities
strong reputation nctoss seve
Your identity is impeccable

a respected member ot y

m. Shout! the truth

light, everian elder ot
ich for you.


Sinners 201

CLAN IMPERSONATOR

Quotes I understand perfectty, my prince. Yes, the
Chantauans are a tervble nuisance, aren't they? Ieisforeu
nate duu one blood is not 30 flawed.

Prelude: You were 16 before you learned of the
atures who hax) traveled with your family
your grandparents left the East
on the blood of the livin

made yourskin crawl, You awoke carly one mor:
ing ond saw one returning to his wagon t rest for the

since beh terrible

monsters that The very

rards, you watched!

that wage watched the monster come

and go and drink your family's blood. First your sister
fell ill, then your father, then your uncles.

The mught you decided to strike, the beaststnuck first
He kau rts to fight
him off, and inflicted terrible vi

dt you

sions aiid unimaginable pain
upon youu, You awoke
surprised tofind your

self unhurt, but
change A th

bumed you w your

sybone

ut nearby and

laughed when you sat

Themon:

up then shoved some
thing heavy into. yc
You didn't know
‘what s¢was until after you
drained it completely of
blood. When youssw that

mother, you sereamued.
sire tought ye
were and what
become, but
that. The
first chance you got, you
left to roatn Europe asfar

other Raynos as. you
ould get

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

Concepts When you first ©
heard stories of the cold reception Ray
Cainite courts. Ratherth
adopted the persona ofa Ventr
The deception has worked beyond your wilde
and you're accepted in sev
face value. You've managed to build yourself a tidy
fortune through business dealings and less savory pur
suits, and travel with a small entourage
Parrician,

Roleplaying Hints: You're
and trust no one. At any o

ne to, Europe, you
s receive in

ce such indignities, you've
Embraced in Outremer,

mil courts actnss Euro

as befits 1

on guard at all times
ment someone might
ally oF intentionally pierce your deception
and reveal your true identity ro all, and your existence
is forfer if that happens, Ouewardly, you're palire and

aceider

mannered, but inwandly you cringe every time you
speak to a new Ventrue

Equipment: Fine clothing
of horses


Court MESSENGER

Quote: My lord, am somy to be dhe bearer of bad
news. but yoner childe has plans for you. Terrible plans

Prelude: As a child, the trappings of chivalry —
knights, courtly love and adventure, entranced yout
You wanted that excitement to bea part of your life. As
you grew older, your funnily tnuhaged your desires, but
expected

One

marry you off to the first eligible suitor.

a troubadour came to your faraily's
d stayed for the season. You only saw her at
er supper, when she would sing of Crusades
and love and tragedies. One night, you caught up with
her and asked if she would take you when she left. She
har she could not. Every night after, you asked her

and every night, she said no.
Soon, spring
You followed her, in defiance of your

sme and it was time for her 10 leave.
id your
inging. Ie was a long night's chase, but when you
caught up with the she Laughed ar you and
vanished into the nig
he reappeared. sid simply "if
that's how you want it," and
gave you the Embrace. Atfirst
it was quite a shock, but the
into was far more danger
ousand exciting than you
d possibly imagine,
You later figured out
that your sire in-
tended 10 Embrace
youall along, and thar
she had come to your
family's estate follow-
ing tales of your
hoydenish behavior
Concept: As a
Phaedymite, you were
Embraced into the
chivalric tradition,
and as @ woman,
you chose to be-
come ‘
troubadour. You
travel
regularly, visit
ing the

Toreador and

court

France

and passing news from fief to fief. You're quite proud

of your standing and refuse to allow anything tc

receive. The fact thar you are Raynos and ecepted in
‘Toreador courts is something you lord aver any

think too much about what you've becone and ste

ableamd with

remindersmake youextremely uncomfc

drawn, of
Equipment

aifts from admirers, fine clothing for travel and court

nights it a time.

forse, swond, lute, lettersfrom Cainites,


Mercuant Prine

Quote: Surely negodiatios cannot break down over a
mere bauble: perhaps this is more to your Wking

Prelude: You were the firstborn in a powerful
nt house, but you were also very sickly. Often
dridden, you could not participate in—or expect to
ess. At first embittered, you

family's quiet disdain left

studied. Your father provided you a tutor so that you
would at least be educated and you knew what you
wanted to learn: How to remove the obstacles to your
inheritance. Yi d the lives of the later Roman
emperors ver ional You decided to kill your
brothers «and yo ather, so you could have the bust
ness. Your health would not bean obstacle — your will
could anyth

Through tious inquiry; you leamed af
the identity of a ce visoner and had her

ught fo you one night. She helped you do away

b your family and the household staff loys

deep grief at their

passin

geance

upon the

foul i

‘ats who must
eexccuted this
rible scheme
Naturally, your
1 order of business
10 wipe OUt your

primary compe

for their unpravoke
ack upon your Ear

y: Unfortunarely

those rivals proved

very resilient. You

rumed again tothepoi

soner and she told

you of the terrors

the night truly

BELL

holds, ofthe beasts who protected your rivals, That very
night, she subjected you to the Embrace

Concept: Your primary goal in your existence is 10
satisfy your every whim and you're proud oft. You lick
illusions about the world and how it works. Ever since
your Embrace, you've understood thivt your own satis
faction is the greatest bane. nder which to serve

Roleplaying Hints: You're super lt.
centered, bur youarenor stupid. Flatter those whohave
power and oppress thase who do nor. If y<
something, take it. Only your jaded perspective ma
your lust for new experiences,

Equipment: Fine cloth

exotic poisons, your bro


Wrarneun ANGEL
re the ston rises I shall feast upon your

idet You and you
usinds of others

traveled
bring
J with the
mer day in 1099 and lost
divine anger filled you at the

fight and die t
ristian hands, You sto

entered Jerusalem on a
conttol — a righteou
thought of Jerusalem's defilement ac the hands of the

anid you killed and killed. You do not clearly
you did that day. Only flashes and
ne to you. Walking over

he dead. wading through blood.

remember wh:
accasional recallextions ¢
Lbs
When youreturned to your senses, it was the middle

that heybad diedat yourh,
children. If suicide were not a mortal

led yourself right then in remorse,

ation arrived in the form of a Muslim soldier
ited for him rike the blow thar would release
-aven and away from the nightmare suftound-

picked you up
would a child and bie
into your
throat. He
drank. deeply
of your blood
and fed you
his
Thefire

thar poured
into your veins
your hear, your
mind and yo
hody filled you
wrath, You
could barely
contain the
rightec

med

the need to punish the infidels
learned, was truly a Christi
-cupation. He warched the fury with which youstruck
down those before you and
in the coming Armageddon.
Concept: You were
ally at death's door. Your sire s
gates of Heaven with the promise that you would fight
in the final battle — Armageddon. You have accepted
yourassigned duty and wish co live according to God's
will, but your nature as difficult.
Roleplaying Hints: You are the Wrath of God
embodied. You exist to execute His will and punish the
wicked. Unfortunately, you are slave ro your own wrath,
and itis not always righ inflict

The Muslim, you
in disguise under the

ght you about your ©

you from the very

Wis, Your tendericy

violence disturbs you greatly and youseek toesxpiate the

sins you commit while driven by the innerdemns your
Embrace inflicted upon you

Equipment: Travelingelothes, horse, an

bow, crucifix


ambs fe

he haven uf Ludovico Renaldt, Charlauan impersonauor of nable Magister blood, after is flight

aie ote:

LwWovico,

T muse apologize for my imminent tardiness in returning co
homeport.. I ve come across' d-rare find and must take a.detour
from Alexandria to deliver this cargo to "Bida-Post

Ap you suagested. we traveled to Marseilles and there picked
up several devout and worthy passengers seeking to rejoin the
crusade. I must say Ladmire cheir commitment to God and tis
wishes. and I have no doubt chat had chey actually been able co
go Co their destination,.chey would have given che wifisels better
than they. gab

Each and every one of these young wen és an impressive
specimen of Vigorous health, and each and every one ew an
envious price. "We left Alexandria loaded down with gold and
commodities, This crip has so far been the most profitable T ve
made yet. "But. 1 digress.

‘While the Tempest was in pore in Marseilles. a nun
iched me. She introduced herself as "Sister Saraly and asked
ee arhomy ship According co her, she hat seen us arrive
and seen wy Xeparture She dentified me as Cainice and hoped she
could count on me co understand the spectal neods she and her
companions required,

LUBELLUS SANGUINIS


She and her five contpartons wished passuge co the Levanc
alongs wich our hopeful crusaders. T ca cortaialpunderst.und
the necessity to-leave inahurry from a city that s withdrawn
its welcome, $0 T consented to negotiate passage for her and her
companions. After wed seccled on a price, I decided co ask
around and see Who might be trying co skip out of town and
why. Im known to the Cainives in Marseilles, so chis was not
difficult. As ic turns out. chéeity was ascir wich rumors of
the "Salubré infernalists" sighed only two nights before:

T sent amessenger ahead co sdine Tremere and che reply
reached usin port at Alexandria, So. in exchange for negott
ated prices. were going to cake che now staked Salubri co
‘Tremere agents in Vest: t really do like the Danube at chi
tine of year and dont get to see it as often as I would prefer.

Tn any event. chis looks co be far more lucrative to us in the

long term than the slaves
Yours,

Tibaldo



leases had been a ge
engineering nt the darjs =f katt
recon? y mo herenesn

plishrnents dv this beteess

fret vous Onidts beother in age.
Cecile Dembannisat ofopa great
Selena trader lee tHreehus

symunetery

Seetiice Gearme geen

were rar voalls lar bare to the
eeseneyee HOvVvo — 1 equal toa
ruins of wosks Salis a tress, Ge
neath the mound hovoewer lex
sasementt charnbers descending
ac arid Aories irs Deyptte' the
succession of Kommoans crusaders
andSavacens vohoecventuallinlei>
herlowell overlooked thesehidden

possag anidcataconbs dn then,
thre


Rasalon made his way down the decaying steps
of Herodium's cellars, far beneath the remains of the
fortress above. He shared much in common with
these ruins, for his Embrace had made his body a
mockery of beauty, "In the realm of Cainites," he
reflected to the stagnant air, "the Nosferatu are the
aged and venerable ruins littering the landscape
Everyone wants their secrets; no one wishes to live
among them."

Anu like these ruins," came an ancient voice, "L
fear we shall one night be naught

Rasalon focused on the withered reply and was
shocked to find Androvikus, his mentor and site, to
be its source, The once powerful elder was carpse-
ashen.

dust."

eh fragments of sull showing through he
deepest crevices of his cracked flesh. Funeral wrap:
Vand
Chaldean blesings covered and bound hirn from his
stick-like neck down to his clawed feet, Only his
arms remained free. His eyes, dead to sight, had
receded deeper into their sockets

pings scripted with ancient Enochian scr

"Lam dying." said the a
childe'su

Yoisoned and doomed."
lon knew the Children of
poisoned blood tofell unliving
the more predatory of them could
well have a grudge against his sire. Vengeance would
be dificult, but n

"Shhh," Androvikus cautioned sofily, "eureful
Rasalon. The w seeks you our."

Rasalon nodded and forced his own blood closer
to the black furnace of his heart. The saft aroma of

poken
he Saracens?" R.

Hagim sometimes us
targets. Son

spenr vi caped his lips and he pressed his
mouth flush with Androvikus' maw, torn ragged by
his own jagged teeth, There was no sensuality to
the brush of split lips, simply the secrecy of speak
ing in the Blood Apocrypha, Androvikus and
Rasalon communicated thusly, through the smell
and taste of rich blood, a subtle code few could
fathom sand none could spy up

Rasalon

Tam your servant, ke through his

ood vapors,

"The Assamites had nothing todo with my fate,
childe," Androvikus returned. "I am a vietim of a far
more familiar danger. But that is nor yet your con-
ase task for you."

cer, young crusader. [ have of

"Anything, my sire."

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

"Do not mock me with platitudes, boy!" The
angry wisps of brackish blood swelled through the
hellish kisshetween Lepers. "There isno time for you
to ape the motions of the loyal childe. You must act
before we are all swept away."

"What could sweep us away? We have endured
for countless nights."

Do you not see it, Rasalon? The equilibrium
among the get of Caine is shattering. Princes eye
each other and crusaders burn havens along with
infidels In those the powerful seck to chimi-
nate the weak and the frail

Rasalon waited for his sire to cor
sending the best of you across the known lands
Japheth will explore Africa and Detromius will ven.
ture east, to where the Sun is reborn. You, my prized
Rasalon, are to return to the heart of the great
betrayal, Europe, and petition ind there. OF
those who hurrow deeper into the world, ler them
find their way to Hell. Magog take them for their
cowardice. Acquire what knowledge they leave be
h on tha
who brave no dee combs and the
Cloaca Maxima, bring them @ message of solidarity."

"Solidarity!"

ff we play the game of kings vying for power, we
are doomed to destruction in the coming storm. The
high clans have theie claws too deep in the reigns of
power for us to face them prince to prince. Our only
hope ix to stand together, so that a strik
Nosferatu deprives a Lisombra of the aid of all
others, So that it simply is not
Solidarity is our only salvacion

uch as us."
inue, "Pn

than the

ast one
le to offend usall.

"Not everyone will listen master," Rasalon ob-
served. "For some we are cursed and far from salvation.
Others play at the monsters they appear to be. What
if they re nsel?"

"You area gifted speaker Rasalon. Ply your craft
to its utmost. Whisper softly to some, barter with

re and threaten the unreasonable with the

Nictuku."
"The Methuselah Nictuku? Nosfer
who seck our destruction? You would have me tempt
fate byutrering theiraccursed name?" Rajalonasked,
nearly breaking his lip seal. Androvikus, using the
sof his great strength, grabbed Rasalon's head

Li him steady.

u's childer


"What if | told you the Nictuku were no more
real chan shadows?"

"The Nictuku are... are false then?" Rasalon
asked with a of doubt lodged in his heart.

"No, they a
toned myblood

ndrovikus asked,

eal, Real enough to have poi-
J dragged me towarda long-delayed
death." Anudrovil low his chille to re
spond, "Bur they are not
what you would expect. The legends of Nosferacu's
favored childer striking
ldesr among us to
seorets sale, bring our kind together, and to protect
themselves, the greatest of our allies and charges. A
child does right by his parents when frighte

is down are used by the
pent alliances, keep their

and vanish when their presence renders
nits of the elders, stepping into the role
sire, [have known those who have seen..."
‘Weall have, Rasalon. Everyone in the clan has
heard of a distant brother who has faced the fear
some childer of Nosferatu, But is deception not our
way? Is it always wise (0 trust what one sees? No the
Nictuku are envoys, Some, like the beast who his
felled me, are assassins, Others are messengers and
ambassadors, like you."
The hlood-smoke carried all af Rasalon's
doubts and fears.
You shall be, and the others are. the
Nictukuof ourline. Working for solidarity while the
others work fordominance, You ate right that not all
accept my message, Rasalon. Many of ray fellow
elders think dhisa time tw purge our clan of divergent
lines, ro hecome the new mastersof our filthy house."
snd what of my childe Sradish? Will | leave
him to the wolves? Who will see

"Yes, yous

his tutelage?"

"Brother Asianin will see he follows you shoulil
you fail."

"Bathe isto youngto thisexistence
Llunceil

"Annotate your journey," Androvikus offered
quietly, "and keep a log for
draw from your wisdom. Si
back so that your childe learns from you from afar.
Remark everything, for there are those among, our
kind who have forgatten who they are, Even if you

dish and others to
J whatever you write

wious, write it down, Sradish
ir words. We do not share all
tlooks, but even then, thut i
greatest barrier, Seck it out and u
nificance, but be wary Rasalon,

are those you'd call brethren, whe

believe something «
will benefit from yo
‘customs and tour
derstand its sig
out direst ene
all themselve
atch your shadows, for
th, they will hunt you, Tre

your last and bless the next o

Nictuku as you now
with my d
counter
fortune."

With that. Androvikus retreated into silence
and reflected on his fate. Rasalon, left alone to the
darkness, suddenly felt as though the w
watching, and waiting. Dismissing the demons that
shattered forchead then retreated from the chamber.
Ir was a quiet farewell for them horh

As Rasalon made his way up the stairs
Andro blood still lingered in his mouth like a
thick coat of cinn

his masteron his

ued whispering its

ch

step he took. Rasalon finally emer enight
a crusader of the greatest order h

He was Nictuku, a

lem lay.

4 he knew where his Jerusa


2 Senttered ony

Breather Asiania,
Gad he prarsed Yaa finally found Rasaton's
journal, or ad ledid a beggars jortiomaprit It
s | ingle Selle neetain
wha soldat for ony ood: 2 reclasmail ony
insetimont with interest before lescing, so ous
tracks are ‘wall coveted. Im daparting: fon
London uboarda Venetian merchant wessed on tee
marrow, where Gis: antiquities dealer may ave
ome of the missing pages we took, at leaith ie oan
haze stops, dhad tow lash fours dacades
d Wnjostinately, gen this journal i
Prcomplels: I hsose yout haba sooea of hth exploits
bu Kies thant to Sradith, bub a 500d poriean of
Bulgaria: bat rata ts Rani al oll of Spain
gone. Something' of importance war town fram
those pages, aad 9 foar t isat information
segaidang the bnighd Mollandad and his brothers,

pronut others fram nncousring ther bodies
Ts gus 3 gros dome. Cts
claiming Mla sats han oft ha journal a8
wall, Androoibus' gueit was'a. threat ts tis
and I now {oar they brows of my

My lath tank While mo asl

06

maste
discoues

THE Leprous

LEGIONS: THE
) JOURNEY OF

RASALON

My dear Si
ably speak of things Astanin has
's pride for p

dish, first a warning for [ will prob-

eady taught you.
esumming to instruct
ind I shall

you, but-this j
all th

this cursed exis

nal is my legacy to yor

nce. | intend no insult to your

URFLLCS SANGUINIS 4

i

iW

cunning, but { also assume nothing
shall eventually find wisdom fron
from the paths we both left behind

Perhaps

my travels and

stan hig at the
Sea. They call
this blade Constantinople, but | call her wondrous.
i walls lies a city bared upon the
What intrigues me, however, is
defender of Roman vi
between the Saracen h;
is my kin who deaw me here. Perhaps they slull also
be my end as well.

dagger of lind piereing the Marmo:

Constantinople is a way where
the best and worst of our clan. In thi
prelude to Europe itself, | expect. Cor
the funnel tharshall spit me out upon that
shores and hick into the lands where | was born. Ido
not relish the journey, for both noblemen and mon.
sters await me here

AL History OF PLAGUE

"Tell me your lineage."

must admic that the Bys:
not what L expected of my Western clinsn
stood proudly and wore his ew

rer port
Tia cohds are
itisa proper
tantinople is

visage like the
greatest creation of a master sculptor, Malachite is
among the few Nosferatu to hold ny a

power through the grace of Constantinop

arch Michael (a mighty Toreador,
alliance between these two families jarred me to the
hone. hut I complied with Malachi cr Mold
provenan exemplary host and J, as ould deny
him no boon.

thin

"L trace my blood," I began rentariv
aine himself, damned by the Lord's
forever bathe in shadows. And Caine did pass his
curse upon three childer, of whom the third, Zillah,
took the great hunter Nosferatu is his own child
In the earliest days of my Embra nds
of Caine, Zillah and Noster: known to


me. 1¢ wasn't until my final encounter with
Androvikus that | learnt af new legends to, chal
my clan's accepted truths, From Caine to
Zilloh, and from Zilluly to Nosferatu himself, the
fales held true. Zillah, struck by wanderlust not
shared by either of her oldet brothers, stalked the
world beyond Enoch's walls. Her forays brought her
into conflict with 9 great mortal huniter we know as
Nosferatu,
whose powerful heart was said-to be
distant lands, fought
Zillah, bur she cracked him lik
burdened ky
asher own,

he prow of astorm-
inst the rocks. She then took him

*Nosteratir be} chil
named the Nictuku; they rested

jon save for the Mattia
Thus was borne Nost dictate against the Ma-
tiarch'and we. her childer

# whom
ath his domi
b, who escaped his way
Thus we earned the
red of the hunters Nictuku. Then came Caine's:
swisted our bones and split our Mesh like
Jhon Nosferatu rebelleal against the First
City and dated to strike Zillab, his mother."
This was aceepted legend, but it was no longer
w portion af my tr

hs. Some tales speak of three
red Nosteritu's clutches inelid-
ing the Mateiarch, the Little Grandmother (1 hag
tured witch in the
mis), anil & secret thind in this trinity: who's
seamaited hidden thus far: Given the alteady olvie
sta the moth
prised if
hee ine
divinity. Thi

cy wastes north of lake Portus

ous reference
wouldn't be
vind ed

Dy, upon
andl sho did escaye inco the wilds of

eae Nosferatu of

their existence, bur not |

Andravikus' sire was Melachonte, he, an turn,
ws Nenferutu's chile: Eureipean clansmen may be
lieve me Nictuku if they wish; but I'll cell you 'mne
by tutte

grievance Neoferara anc this

ond truer than that legend
ever was, W

Matriarch shared is not an obligarion you wnd 1

vy L could no nine despilsi the Matriareh'schilder

| hegrudge the Lard's edict over Caine

Those Nosferatu who eared theie birth in Eu-
fope call the Matriarch mother. Those born of the
Fertile Crescent and Arabia Felix, however, know
uthers to be theit progenitors. Therein lies the trick
of it all We are all Nosferatu as birthed from w
common and accursed Antediluvian, We share his
blood and his condition. After hin, our lines diverge
within reason. We differ in our ailments
mediate offspring. I've
others who claim Gayomart, Yima

Aethuselaty a

according t¢ Nosteratu's
recently

1 of appearances, but the m
gis are the offspring of the Matrianch
wom the Ma
In bis unfathomable
be his 3
A short history
simple

ye my sire And
he begor

acimittely,

1 to write of the Nictuhue 10 opciy?
We wawder the thers feared Rasalor: do wa

fs imposes ones lashes Wear bl rad

4 whispors. Still. conture it nsus fraittoss
geen that Androvihut' tun he

lasing Is this where it begins? Regardless,
mncetiag with Mutachite wont well, {rs ou
understanding, bud the fall of Conste
thattersd any hope of an o .
Malach.

for) mag

FAMILIES WITHIN
A 'ANTINOPLE's
Maxima

Malachite hinaset

CLOACA

wuld ret — arr puttuapys woul
not — and me i

speak with

my journey. west hut he advised

Raymond, header of the Nusteritt

BOOK TWO LEE


Tue Fair Yew: THe Nosrerata Grau.

Yima, bailed as the first man and fatherof humanity in the Levant, is a clever fable concerning the
Nosferatu, By cotimon mortal knowledge, Yima possessed a life span of biblical stature: He carried out
his reign for 700 years, subjupoting demons and ensuring peace far his subjects; he was later cold of an
inevituble calamity bringing hail, rains and floods upon the world. Gathering the best, brightest and
most beautiful of his kingdom in pairs. he they human, plant or animal, Yuna retreaced into his vara or
subterranean sanctuary. The one caveat to the flood omens, however, was thar he could take nothing

isshapen or diseased with him. In the hollow of his wara, Yimva sleeps and will return in ki
repopulate the world with his gifts
Acconiigs to Nosferatt scholars; Yima indeed existed, but fell to Nosferatu's Embea

st the clan. Unlike the great hunter, however, Yima occupied himself with scholarly
pursuits and treated his mortal flock with fatmess and compassion, Some scholats believe that even
Caine favored his great-grandchilde as his own son, but this portion of the myth breaks down under
‘onilicting theorems and arguments, Irs generally accepted that Yima saw the forthcoming flood, and
prepared for it just as the legends spoke. When he retreated from the world, Caine's denunciation of
the Nosferatu was still years away

The first of two popular opinions holds chat the Nosferatu curse indeed struck Yima dawn. Because
the visions of the ood warned Yima not to tike anything disfigueed oF diseased into his vara, he himself

tly broke that law and doomed everything he tried to preserve. Acolytes of this version

lieve the subterranean cavern (o bean abattoir ruled over by Yima himself, now twisted and mad, who
axains kennels of animals and humans for his feeding stock. The bones and remains trom the
deed-fold generations of victims litter the vara floor like the sea of the dead, they claim, and |
whatever living creature extsts down there Is a twisted reflection of its former heritage.

The second faction argues that the disfiguring curse did not affect Yima because Caine remembered

his grear-grandchilde fondly and rook pity upon him. If this is true, then somewhere beneath the Levine
rests « Nosferatu Methuselah untouched by deformity and disease. As such, he represents the best of
the clan, from his pure hunter blood to his statesmen's temperament. Several Nosferatu knights seek

ur Yima's sanctuary in the hopes of bringing respectability to their clan and an cventual cure to Heit
condition, Indeed, some stories say that his blood is also a curative against malformation and decay.
‘Thus he is to the Nosferatu what the Grail is to Christian knights:

living in the cisterns of Constantinople. There, | Lazarene Nosferatu, in tum, fled towards Europe
found nobility and squalor paired as nowhere else. when the shrinking mortal realms thar remained
Raymond's brood, the St. Ladre Nosferatu, once ftlendly to their mother tongue could no longer
numbered among the Knights of St. Ladre,an order sustain thei appetites. So they bide in
of mortal leperswho'd vowed toswingtheirbladesin Constantinople and direct strigglers through hid:
the name of Christendom for as long as their a den and protected roads into France, the Wester
remained stitched to their shoulders. Their 1 Empire and England
He wed fuunie the Uoty Land Ga into Es Hail brothers, 1 come to you as supplicant and
rope with hospitals in Boigny, France and — messenger. I need your wisdom in traversing the wet=
Leicestershire, England. Inturn, Lazarene Nosferatu. et wilds unmolested."
Embraced Leper knights who'd proven worthy in Those were my first words to Fra' Raymond when
service tothe Lord, and wished to further glorify His he and ten of his kinsmen rose from the cistern's
worthy endeavor had Jerusalem temained a waters like vapors. These Nosfetatu embody our
n. With its fall to Saladin in 1187, the greatest strengths and weaknesses in one breath
Frankish Empires of Qutremer fractured and col- They stand togethers family. The leader speak for
lapsed he Mediterranean coastuntil butafew chem and is the strongest, eldest, wisest or the
cities remained under tenuous Christian rule, The ancient of blood. As such, common titles «

LIBELLUS SHINGUINIS +


also impart a familial intimacy. Ima, mother,
while men are abu, father, master or even
ither Nosferatu "brother" or "sister
palarie
omanticized

commonplace
the Latin lor. Perhaps it is our clan'
view of the warrior monks that draws us to that

The head of
some portion

brood like the L
mselfand hise:

ars must divest
to protect
Iingthe others, Sradish. Bysome measure; he'salready
proven himself capable; our kind rarely fotlows an
Ventruc ani Lasombra expect this service, s0 pet-
haps this is our measure of rebellion. A Nosferatu
(eadsby example and rarely requests what he himself
would not commit. Accordingly, all others beneath
are equal in status and known by their abilities

s, Just who rises to leadership varies from

brood and region to region. Our rare kin
Vorth Sea ikelier to follow those who

embody their Viking ancestry chron strength and

fierceness. The opposite holds teue in tore civil
ne, where the N

Western

atest championsrule

piety and devorion mark the Nosferatu

tum, London ts home to our ente

that have eared reputations

domains like P:
there prize cunning and ingenuity. fn th
Empire, where Catholicism

merchants. Toeach domain
of tule
ming to the ques
so why the Nosferatu willingly
within cot

vest their
es. We never believed any one

Cainitesof of

purpose. When a Nosferatu counts himself a part of
esteem, The other possibility is that the Nosferatu is
quest, and the:
his path for the interim
matter, We encourage brotherhe
because it invariably serves us

onaperse
The re:

across clan lines

BOOK TWO: LEPERS


Yet it iseasy to see why fellowships of Lepers also
form. On the surface, we gather together for mutual
benefit and shared resources: let it never be said we
are not pragmatic, Of course other Cainires liken us
to rat packs, seeing little nobility in skulking broods,
Bur the truth behind our communal bond tuns deeper
than simple feral behavior. Unlike the ereat clans.
there was never a time when we ruled over empires
or held the great esteem of mortals, We have been
jatcasts from our final days in Enoch. We have no
Carthage or Athens to speak of; for us, the glory of
wled beyond her catacombs, The
world hay never been just to the Nosferatu. Each
civilization casts us down as monsters, Because of
this secluston, we tured to the only source of co

panionship known to us. The earliest Nosferatu
Embraced their parents, siblings, betrothed and chil-
dren, We sought refuge
mortal beloved

Rome never ext

within the arms of our
id fostered alliances like a tribe

born of «common matriarch. The familial Embrave
is still well-known among our kind, but far from
universal. Indeed, the more we discovered others
at the feet of other Cainites, the
loss we took our loved ones into this barren exist-
ence. Suill, this need for immediate bonding now
cexteniled ( others) and we carry the ancient prac-

ike ourselves livin)

tice of patrimontal tie:
alliance:

close kinship and strong
miro these new families.

But family can be a weakness as well, [took a
prophet like Muhammad to unite the bedu of Arabia
Felix and turn them into-a nation of warriors. We
have nosuch prophet, so we remain aclan of tribes.
Most lone, but still adhes

1¢ code of civility mirroring the nomadic die
tates of hospitality, We barter for information and

guests with reverence, There are times we

however, an event unbeknownst to surface
Sainites. The Roman catacombs are apparently a
battleground between two tribes of Nosferatu, They
clash over territory and religious differences, with
Cappadocians pl ch side against the other

Uhope to speak with either faction on my journey
through lealy

THe Empract or PLAGUES

Call it the Embrace or the Becoming if you so
wish, but neither summarizes the pure agony of our
entry into unlife, The Latins have a term | believe
more appropriate; they call their Embrace the
Plagued Kiss or the Black Death. By appearances,

ten we are inde

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS +

the processof the Embrace is simple. The Nosferatu
drains his childe of all mortal blood, then deposits
a drop of his own noxious vitae into the almost:
corpse. Over the next week, the newly
Cainite undergoes paintul cransformari
eventually marks him as Nosferaca. Pond
however: isn't our Recaming more lik
plague in agony and virulence?

The Plagued Kiss is a disease that runs rampant
through our body. The ichor that other Cainites
innocently call vitae ts botlmg oil thar scours out
veins and arteries for seven night:

abraced

and even longer.
Fevers grip us and blood is the only taste we know of
our lips. We can no longer stand the sight of food the
very thought sickens us to the pit of our stomach

Meanwhile, our skin shrivels into hardened
wrinkles and our hair falls away in fistful elu
We decay and atrophy a day in a moment and a
month by nightfall. Even our teeth hure to the
roots. Between bouts of a "
muscles constrict almost to the point of snapping
and our organs turn soft, we vomit food and excrete
waste as though they were poisons. We urinate
constantly, expunging almost all the watery hu:
mors from our body; perhaps this is why we appeat
desiccated and drawn, Any ailments that afflicted
is before the Plagued Kiss become permanent scars
on our already tortured frames.

We are u recuptocle for indignities worse
by those noblemen who use our Becoming to punish
others, Malachite of Constantinople was promised
the Kiss of the Magisters, but his would-be site
forced a Nosferatu upon fim for contra
mastets. This is neither mare nor unus
Teimisce keep Nosferatu "pets" t
for sport or research — the torturer's j
for reputability. Parisian Toreador punish wayward
ghouls in this manner as well, believing our cxist-
ence more wrerched than death itself. I've also

te lords in both Sicily and the Weer
ern Kingdom who use our Embrace as a method of
torture. Truthfully Ido not know which offends me
more, the presumption that we are so cursed and
reviled thar death is preferred over our condition,
or the Nosferatu Judases who administer the Be-
coming in service to others

brace victims
tification

hoard of £


Sik AND CHILD
"Tell meof yoursite, Rasalon; why did he choose
you for the E:
Fra‘ Raymond is blunt and enjoys unsettling bis
visitors with unexpected questions. | do not find

hismanner rude, though I could certainly see how
ather Nosferutu tight believe hin int The
question does remind me of my site, Androvikus,
and the lessons he shared in the years alter my own
Hlagued Kiss.

There 1s always a bond between sire and child
though with ts, #t can de
nistic relationship. Afi

\erare into an antago-
all, it was your site who

Embraced you and set this world upon your shoul

ders. You've become a monster thanks to his kiss
mehow worse as kine
then your sire has damned you forever. Even if you
afflicted with leprosy, the Embrace is sull an

able pain. That is why so many Nosferatu

are "orphaned" upon the Becoming. Few want the

and unless your life was s

responsibility of educating w childe while worry
ing abour his capacity for vengeance. [remember
feeling absolute hatred for Androvikus after he
took me, and I remember reading it on your fi

the fresh flesh of life peeled away before the curse

J had given you. You, like me, learned to look

Tue Nosreratu Paruways
Frat Raymond has given me a h through the Balkans. To be
certain, the Noster: ; we've forged no obvious roads or footpaths to
mitrk our routes in the world, Therein lies our cunning, for we've established trails that do not

appear on maps, at least not as such |

Aside from journeying with trade caravans or on merchant bouts
idden pachs that bridge the gates of the East to the o¢

tion. Nosferatu, either Samari

yn. cannot soon
u are not the Roman Empite;

epay!a wil

irsafety, many Nosferatu know |
-locked extremities of Western
prising in nature, control these rowls. Traversing
tating for the right to use their sectet routes. Some
demand a simple tithe of mortal blood or even a service rendered, while others blindfald sn:
through the journey gratis, Practices and demands vary. The St. Ladre Nosferatu offer free passage for
their own clan nnd for lepers through Bulgaria, with special care w avoid this Fiend's stronghold or that
Usurper's haven. I is in this way that f shall make my way west from here,

‘The other clans, peth:
fisscrossing the land like cracks on the tablet of Europe: Humanity clusters around rivers and oceans
to deposit her filth and maintain easier avenues of trade with other communities: [tis ia simple matter
focus to walk the deep riverbeds, ride the currents, and emerge for a quick sup. Granted, moving
through warer Is a slow method of travel and we can carry very little, bur it's a necessity in bypass
dangerous regions.

Minor creeks and streams are useful only for a league's travel, but the great rivers can carry us f
indeed. The Tagusand Duero nearly split the lower half of Spain and Portugal from the continent, whi
the combination Elhe, Oder, Rhine and Vistula neatly parcel the northern territories. The Danube
winds » twisted path through the heart of the Wester Empire back to the Black Sea— connecting to

the Sava along the way. A Nosteratu could travel through Belgrade, Buda and Vienna without ever
dry. The come holds teue of using the Thaue> ty enter Loduir's rorten heart and the Seine to

th the exception of the Gangrel, overlook the multitudes of ri

The most ingenious of ourtrails, however, are the so-called living paths. These ire not actual roads,
bat animals trained to guide us safely through che wilds. Like the Gangrel, we can talk to the creatures
of the forest and somie pf us — including myself —can do more than exert simple dominion over them.
We've discovered a method to discipline an animal and pass that conditioning on through her
descendents. Qur living paths are generations of beasts that recognize Nosferatu and are trained to lead
them safely through dangerous territory. So, if you notice an animal that seems unabashed by
presence, and waits for you to follow, I suggest you spare its lifeand accompany it even into the thickest
underbrush. It is your closest ally for that journey and knows where death treads

BOOK TWO: LEPERS


heyond the surface and see the gifts of the blood,
but many do not

When Nosferatu inflict the Becoming upon oth:
rs, tnust be ready to play the role of ryrant
father, but temper their austere manner with a
dicum of mother's compassion. Regardless of how
much you prepare kine for the Embrace, the scarring
leaves behind imger. Sires must be ready to
establish their dominance le
revenge. We cannot apologize for our gifts hecause
them, What's done ts done:

Inv the years following the Embrace, the sire
often tel his childer in

werous with the

id even centuries

their offspring exact

there fs no Fecueat

quishes dominance ov
small measures, While some
backs of their hands far de
following the Becoming, there comes'a point when
the child will rebel. Ir has happened before that
Nosferatu elders perished because they subjugated
theit progeny for too long. Tates from Rome's final
days speak of multitude of young kinsmen taking
sddvantage of the invading Goth hordes to hide the
murder of Uheir sire:

The true master knows when to temper rule with
child is finally experienced
enough to explore his existence alone. This isalways
1 tricky time, for ambitions and hopes for revenge
snay sll fill the young Nosteratu's heart. The sire
can only hope he's instilled his childe with « good
toad to followanda tempered demeanor as Lhave
hopefully done with you.

Nosrexara Evnics anp Hosprraury
Heel obliged to sh
conduct thir I've discovered thus far

compassion, and when

losteravu
Iuhough
p allegations, 1 find
customs of the tribitl nomads of
the Levant. To be certain, net all our clan broth
ersshare these customs, but they are growing ever
more prevalent. The Latins may attribute this 10
their own sense of civiticy, but the truth ts that
many of these customs pushed their way up through
the now dwindling Islamic Empire of al-Andalus
nm north. As

re some codes of

my kinsmen would deny su
y emulate thi

or trickled downward from the p
such, most of the Mediterranean cities and coun-
tries share one set of values, while those to the

north share another. The only ones I'm leery of
are those Nosferatu caught in the twisting shad-
ows of the Carpathians, Only the Lond «
theit agendas

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

* Hospitality: Our key custom is hospitality.
Call it what you wish, whether shacing of sale or of
spit, but most Nosferatu extend some courtesy 1m
Visitors. Thisineludes providingsanctiary fora length
of three nights with no obligation on the guest's part,
After this period of 4

fability, a guest must either
ay his welcome, of somehow
provide for his host. Common methods for the latter
includes contributing fresh blood of a victim, enter
taining the host with tales and news of the outside
world, or otherwise promising a boon of some men-
tion. Those who bring danger and discord to thelr
host'shaven, however, may find their weleame erod-
ing long before the third night.

* Adoption: We should not abandon our prog:
eny but many do, especially in Europe, Bastard
Nosferatu fill the world, bur thar is rarely a perm
nent condition. Samaritan Nosferatu are often mot
than happy co adopt orphaned clansmen, The rit
als vary according co territory, but an exchange of
blood is central to all. Portuguese Nosferany, I'm
told, drain their newest member ro the drop, then,
fill him with a collection of their vitae in a ritual-
ized Embrace. Others are more practical and simply
enforce a blood oath upon the fledgling. The end
result ts thar the adopted sire is now n "true sire in
all respects save one.

# Truce: When Nosferatu broods of northern
Europe wish to establish a long-stand
they exchange members. Each faction picks one oF
twoof the best and brightest of their litter, and sends
them to live with the other tribe. They are part
ambassador and part hostage; mistakes are known to
happen. Nosferatu of England and those of Denmark
and Norway are particularly hostile rowards one
mother given the Viking raids and occupation of
England less than two cent

alliance,

es ago.

* Alliance: A cousin to this aforementioned
practice occurred én Dobin, when two factions came
togedhs They atvonged « wnyck marctge
between their two leaders, and joined two broods
into one, Unfortunately, when the Second Crusade
turned its siege machine against the pagan Wends
and attacked Dobin ini 1147, they destroyed there
Nosferatu to the last.

Monsters oF BULGARIA

have arrived in Bulgaria, the darkest world |
have everseen, Here exists a madness that pervades


oil. These lands were once Byzantine, but ate my chief adversaries were not other Cainit
‘on the verge of freedom thanks to the wild Lupines who make their dens in the mi
tribe humans. a is also the " ests. Therefore, | shall travel the lowlan:
hamber pot. Three of the Pope's armies hi the Staraand Rhodopi m:
his soil ectating it on their way to the The nun us village
the way
within Sophia and further hunger. Between Sophii
Poland where Master grimage takes me into th
's name with every Planina where | will make for the R
him, most of the hidden high in the mountairy
o the Russian Principalities, ROTHER NOSFERATU
mark of the Crone. His great works crRaeaaGeni taseesies
keep in these otherwise kine anvtatr
done much to push the chill from my ben

ompensate for his curse, however. Unfortunately,
the cities are not my destinations, for I did not
partake of this journey for the comfort of Europe's

ements, There's enough of th be had in

London and Paris when the time

Tsimisce do not set toot here, for a dual remed)

faith and thet

of the Danube aa sheet ia
thians are a distant shadow, but the ancient ‘ Scr aes
»mains with cruel will. My ‘toca thumbled fils phras

nond warned me, though, thar "HFRINE fo my question:

BOOK TWO: LEPERS


debating many matters of faith and its significance
to out kind, Then, we addressed our shame, the
Beast within us all

Ir is surprisingly easy for Cainites to succumb to
the crimson surge of their power and become mon
asters, What happens to vampires such as ourselves
who have no anchors or tethers to remind us of our
mortality? There are the Roads to steer us through
the Seylla and Charybdis of damnation, but even.
they are not enough when erosion and decay have
claimed your identity, More so, perjurers can
manipulate and twist their own Road to justify any
action. I've met liurs so skilled in their craft that they
Pasea and | arrived at the ines ible conclu
sion thar civilization is our bane, though Lam less
inclined to place sole blame upon that explana:
tion, For Pa
4 means of distracting kine through ile pursuits
rather than allowing them to keep to the true path
of toi and worship. While [appreciate knowledge
and the exploration of intellectual endeavors, |
am hard-pressed to disagree: When we lived in the
wilds like our progenitor, we were hunters equal to
the Gangrel in skill. Idle pastimes wore irrelevant

sulture tsa tool of the Adversary,

against che need for survival and the constant
h the primordial and often danger-

Like shepherds, we eventually
staked out territory and farmed our mortal stock
for food. We went from nomadic simplicity to a
stagnant existence dependent on the local feeding
stock. Ay humanity drifted into cities for mutual
protection, we followed like dogs, taking counsel
only from our hunger.

journey thr
ous wilderness

In truth, humanity's sexual and moral excesses
coincided with the rise of eivilt:
ion that lessened their struggle or grief also allowed
them more rime to ponder their vices. Can you deny
the Greek or Roman hedonism at its height! Some
elders clam they alone were responsible for such
vices, but | belteve kine are far more capable of these
ills than we give them credit far. Unfortunately,
while humanity fell into moral lethargy, the
Nosferatu followed blindly. Living off the fat of our
herds, we are at greater risk to pursue and indulge
their fancies. After all, what is there to feat? The
ve the Lord has condemn

tons. Every inven

religious bel dithem, so.
why de

name? Those who sloughed off the Lord along with

retribution when it has already inked your

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

their humanity don't even fear Heaven's requitals;
their sole concem is being caught

Tre Loss oF ONE
The most common Nosferatu monster is the
endures his shame alone ani exists
horderlanils. Someris

arch's torturer, hiding behind

aand adininistratiny

solitary beast. H
eather mask
n "in just cause." This tsnioth
ing more than undirected revenge, an ill-conceived
utter for the tage of suffering the Plagued Kis
‘Oddly, many such creatures follow the Road of Chuv:
their lon
These Nosferatu are dangerous because their alle
iglances fall entirely outside the clin. They hate their
form so much that they see validation only in service
to the high clans

Other nomads stalk the u

lit alleys and ancient
cisterns, sharing their prey like a troll beneath its
hhridge. These Nosferatu once held some belief that
guided cheir mortal days. The Becoming shattered
them like glass beneath o hammer, and chey now
exist solely to feed and hunt. The Read of the Beast
iscommon with this lot, though I've he

that spiral too far inte the ubyss. These Nosferatu are
swiftly hunted and killed for reasons of concern ci

simply for sport, Sometimes, circumstances force us

to destroy our own errant kinsmen lest our tenuous
court status suffer further. Don't he surprised if in the
midst of your journey, the Nosferatu of Paris, Lon
don or Vienna ask your help in hunting a clan
member. The only advice | ean affer is to accept this
nin the larger cities; better we deal with our
own monsters than allow the other clans greatet
Justification tn hating us.

The beists | fea
Nosferatu, with their infinite
cruelty. Religion affirms their existence as monsters

ost, however, are the pious

city to justify
cor even adversaries Some ¢

forthe sake of self-fulfilling prophecy; they look ike
fiends, therefore they must be fiensls. The more
surreptitious of our kind know to hide their el
behind an air of sanctity. | think in particularof one
Nosferatu living in the city of Worms whoanswersto
the title of Bishop Rolf, like Magister might. Both
the high clansand che regional Nosferatu have failed
to uproot this devil, and his murders continue to
weaken our clan's position in the Western Empire.
From popular accounts, the bishop follows the Rend


perverts it to his cause. He murders

or to baptism, before they're cleansed of
the original sin. By tempting the innocent or de-
\oted to transgress, he gains the authority ro punish
them. He claims it mortification, but it is no less
than torture and murder

Tur Loss or Many
Oft-times, Nosferatu discover like-minded kins
fen and band together. When the rallying cry
happens to be a heresy, however. then bloodshed is
4000 to follow. No religion bom has ever escaped the
curse of heresies and cults, and no faith has ever
our notice. Among the Latin Nosferatu of
the Christian way is by far the strongests
however. We huddled alongside thetr numbers in
the catacombs and sanctuaries of Rome. Certainly,
the Cappadocians lay claim to fostering early
Christendom, but we shared the tightest bonds as
fellow refugees. We remember the sons of the Mes-
sish when they were like us, living among the refuse
anu the deail af others,

Know this," Pasea muttered in our discussion.
"It is easier ter pursue a belief thar encourages the
vont in you than one demanding your best."

Ye also noted Christiantty's greatest hypocti-
sies when they stole titles and religious practices
fom the monotheistic Mithrites and crampled that
samme faith into the ground upon becoming Rome's
sical religion. We watched and celebrated along-
vide them, though, beenuse given any opportunity
jor revenge, we would have acted no better. Still,
muany Nosferatu followed Christianity in che hopes
shar Jesus' message of forgiveness extended to us as
well. When Christian condi-
tion, however, the cults proved worthwhile

y failed to change o

distractions. [tis for this reayon we enter, fosterand
even participare in hidden sects. Ifwe cannot find a
ieligion that embraces our existence, we either in-
ent one or fall into a heresy. Among the wealth of
Christian' heiesies, Nosteratu are drawn to those
soncerniny either the duality of spirit and flesh, ot

dhl, the undue

losferatu wh

orship of angels and saints

question their ewin existence as
‘san und monster find comfort in the theorems that
the mater nd evil. They see
themselves as proof of this malignancy, bit deal
who believe
Inthe ascendancy of the spirit and its supremacy
yerflesh draw towards the Manicheans, Albigenses

I world is corrupe

ith this touc in differing ways. Tho

and Waldenses, You have little to fear from this lor
unless they fail, for they often renounce their own
bestial natures and seck to rise above temporal
concerns, Those Nosferatu. who revel in fleshly
corruption rather than shunning it find comfort
within the remaining Carpocratian citcles oF flour-
ishing multitude of Lasombra blood cults. The
Carpocratians, the most defiled revelers of sin,
believe that to ascend, one must first fully experi
ence the gamut of flesh-born vices. Sodomy, rape,
murder and cannibalism are all accepted practices,
Destroy this lot, for there is little that elevates them
above the accursed Bali
Any Cuinite involved in cults of angelic or
tly worship is a devotee of power and influence
adly, a vice L ascribe to Ventru
affects Nosferatu; we are not inured to the lure of
rulership. In specific regard to saint worship, the
possibilities are infinite given the brisk relics trade
Despite Charles the Great's efforts to regulate the
worship of relics (optimustically called the "Renewal
of the Romans"), cult leaders often built churches to
legitimize the veneration of saints, Ambitious
Nosferatu find easy entry into such organizations
because the highest Christian the Vatican
and its web of bishops ntrol them
Instead monastery abhors who normally escape
Lasombrs and Toreador influence are chief peddlers
tn this holy commerce,

and Lasombra also

This century has proven kind to the cult of
saints. The greatest ones flourish in. the southern
French region of Aquitaine, where political forces
are at their weakest and allow the local clergy un-

Frecedented influence over the populice. Oddly
while some Nosferatu use these gatherings to jain
followers and adulation, there are a small number
who promote greater well-being. In particular is a
Nosferatu by the name Michelle of the Beautiful

Scar who has influenced the cult of Saint Foy. She
inepired the clergy of Aquitaine «4 inatl:

movement for the protection of peasants, pilgrims
and traders along the peril-filled roads of Europe
She was thus instrumental in stabilizing one of out
key messenger routes. Although she has long fled the
ogion, she is well known and respected among our
clan; we call her Saint Michelle

Tre Pracae Tur Larvar ann THe Votst
Thereare dying breeds among our kind,
though I often find disturbing evidenc

radish,
to affirm,

BOOK TWO: LEPERS


their survival: monsters far less human than any
he Crone or Matriarch, These Nc

ire ancient, decidedly pagan and

childe of feratu
adhere to their

¢ hidden, however, seat

barb The
barbaric principles. They

pe or even drifting down tw Africa
through al-Andala
One lot hides in the

river valleys amid

Small
ame the
and magma tubes

jew have ever seen yrinth ven:
cean-floor, Id warrant
ssthe Larvae make their

ttle resemblance to any

per than any

feratu calling themsel

es here, but they

sinites | know. Their limbs are thin and near
Letal, their skin chalk-white, their eyes set near
r faces dominated by a vertical
teeth

rows of hooke they bear

rock and soil,
preven

burrow through soft

from regions dec

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

spoke of these creatures; they are among the hand

sferatu tribes raking into the deepest earth

Given the rapidity with which these Larvae bur

row, this next century shall he the last witness of
their departure

Given the Larvae

their victims

chey rip through
ottibly, leaving
They use an elongated cartila
ut the blood
atic and live in

an insects pr
abject squalor, bue they are

intain herd:

purposes. Because they cannot feed with

they share their meal — dev
nil

nt enough ¢

ring flesh,
cle, and excreting a sickening pulp of
the victim if only to filter

They leave the dead where they excrete them, and
walk around shamelessly naked

ry last droplet of vitae

and painted with

tree sap. Anyone or anything outside thei

Larvae ate the withered descendents of a
Nosferatu tribe

thank
the Larvae through experimentation on my kind

Jating back we Roman days. We muse

¢ Tzimisce for these beasts, for they created


Trimisce The Fiends
oifer h
Elsewhe

Berlin on tlie Ri

rds and keeps for sustenanc
ome bounties for tk
in the twin cities

are said to be Noste

sleep in the surrounding bogs and swamps. They're
Volsi, and
Ive heard run
tioned in the V
mort
si Nosferatu

called the nclude our oldest me
rs they are the
en Saga, but Anil
I tribe of legend merely wor
ed the V
Regard
lieve the Volsi were
the Rhine and m
annibalism. They were certainly instru:
g the Roman legions from crossing

The Romans were so cowed by them, that

inal settlers

have forced the mortals there

he Elbe
the great Julius Co
ast of that great river: Tibet

sar himself forbade his armies

claimed to have seen a hy
ned himto

ro Druse

the giants of

ily
ndnaiteare like iron we
bers burning in the deepest socket; on
jor Gangrel. Because thi
of long
of decay
heir water-blouted

em. By civilized

ing green. The fetid stink
bodies sullies the

standar

not mi

illiterate. Do
h, for the Volsi
can rend you limb from limb wit
They ai

TOOLS AND GHOULS OF ROME

Western
Empire, fenter Rome with an eye on her catucomb

wut a glance
dangerous opponents.

Journeying through Hungary and thi
Jcircumvent Veni
ist of Cainites with their eyes
Holy Land. Le
tread upon me
The term "caracomb"

tinue Furth.
ancient soil

sof ec
rived from San Sebastiano's underground cemetery

catacumbas, which trans

BOOK TWO: LEPERS

Local nrgot


in valley bottom." Regardless, Rome's subterra:
tends for 40 leagues with 70 known

«J too many secret lairs to consider
even in fancy. The walls are tight enough to scrape
both shoulders on the journey through, and some-
tunes the ceilings force one to stoop

Despite Christian insistence otherwise,

struction of the catacombs began between 50 10

nean system
main tunnels

150 AD on the private grounds of rich estates for
the wealthy and the members of burial societies.
Certainly some Christians took refuge within this
subterranean empire, but they lived along its pe-
riphery, Cainites controlled its deepest heart

After saints and other religious figures were laid
to rest here, the growing pilgrimages eventually
inspired the construction of above-ground churches
like Saint Peters — built by Constantine the Great
in the fourth century, Thanks to the Nosferatu and
Cappadocian deutzens of Rome, the fall extents of
the catacombs are unknown to the mortal world.
Unfortunately, 1 also am entering this territory in
ino pray T encounter friendly kinsmen and
not the dour Graverobbers.

Tue Spoken Hann

Tofind Nosferatu, you must sometimes be found
Wearing black robes dappled with white patches,
and donning a y way through
Rome's streets, bu my wooden ¢
gether, Nobody questioned my mask; they were
simply grateful | took consideration to hide my
shame, To the kine, 1 was a leper in prescribed

red hat, | made
Nets to

clothing, warning of my passage with sporadic cl
ing. To Nosferatu ears, however, L used code t0
announce my presence as a brother, Because of out
proximity to lepers, we often use their castanets to
communicate in secrecy
The mortal lepers have served 1s well, We keep
them because their pain amuses us and distract
from our own, and beeause they are a feeding stock
in tur, be-
we their blight made manifest, They se
yz we shall pity chem enough to end their
nd we do (either through death or Em-
brace). Oathbound lepers act as our mouthpicces,
traveling urope and the Levant and
relating news and warnings, Because the castanets
echo through the streets, the leperneed noteven see
who receives a message. Instead, Noste

no other Cainite touches, The leper
lieve we
us, hop!
sutfering,

throughout

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

and their masters hear the message from afar without
ever risking exposure.

This is bucone method of communication among
wekind We lear much in the course of our spyiti,
yer we must use some manner to share our secrets.
Messengers skulking about th a way of
attracting notice, but we often ignore the perwn
seeking attention, Thar is why we use the sickly and
even jongleurs and minstrels to deliver our missives
They are loud and make a habit of being seen.

street

Minstrels, troubadours and jongleurs play their
messages our in code as well, but use songs to relate
their news. The method varies according to the
region, bur generally the following are universal. If
the entertainer uses a lute, weans that the fi
word of each stanza relates the missive, Using 4
tebec, however, draws attention to the end of each
stanza, Others place emphasis on various words to
impart their message. Regardless, the
selves convey the spirit of the epistle. Tales of
bravery arid heroism hespeik of war; courtly |
reference to other Cainites with influence among
the courts; morality songs tell of Cainites within
the church; ribald lyrics share gossip and innuen-
does; the tales of saints relare ¢
hecause the Toreador

nnews. Ironically,

Iso offer parranage te the

troubadours, we have heen farced into compromise
The Toreudor allow us unhindered use af these
musical messengers if we, in turn, sbutre ot

ath of blood
upon these minstrels, making them more loyal to
Toreadar interests than ours. Beware this fact when
Sradish, The Artisans
they know.
thodsof communication paint
messages in broad strokes like charcoal renderings
hey serve well for general warnings, arrival ane
houricements and requests for meetings as T have
done. More skillful encryption includes the use of
ated blood with such trickyas Blood Aportys
pha. With this, we can disguise text and info

for those skilled in the same blood art
Honore HELPERS

luceess in measures. The Nosferatu of these
domai
me, Instead they sent me one of their ghouls

That means we cannot enforce an

dealing with trou
swiftly learn whi
Ofcourse the

sare auspicious lotand refused to meet with


Roman Frups aN» CATACOMBS

The ancient feud gripping the catacombs began after the fall of Rome. The Cappadocians were the
undisputed masters of these warrens, though some Nosferatu did live peaceably among them. When the
Goths sacked the city, many Cainites hid their antiquities with the so-called Graverobbers for safety

When Christianity later flourished in Europe, priests and missionaries plundered Rome's holiest
sites for relics. Theve blessed antiquities were then used as altar gifts for the newly converted kings
and queens of the north. Not even cemeteries were safe from these depredations: the trade in both
uthenric and forged items of faith bloomed, and some thieves were even bold enough to sell rhe relics
of false saints,

The Cappixtociins were inturiated when
chamber

mnists sacked the catacombs' holy

ce with the local Fossore
preserve the sanctity of the underground cemetery, the Cappadocians universally

our clon and tried driving my kinsmen out. They met with staunch resistance, how

our fossori had the support of Rome's prince. Neither clan could uproot the other, and n

| wil . The catacombs became a confusing web of disputed territory and shifting borders,

This stalemate has persisted over the last four centuries, waning into détente and
coexistence, and waxing into open conflicts and maze hunts, With 40 leagues of

josferatu: oppor
and laculi (wall alcoves) for treasure. Rather thin fo
sferaty

nan al

ages spread
acacombs, t's easy to understand why twa dozen Nosferatu cannot control these
dispersed tracts of tunnels. Unfortunately, any hopes of settling the matter peaceably died when anvoth
brood of our clanmates invaded the catacombs.

These new Nosferatu numbir » small handful. Were they to join with our fossore clanmates, they
could do away with the Cappadocians, but this new lot is uninterested in alliances. Cato
corrupt. They mark theie territory with skulls and use arcan
lers. The othe

| throughout the

n claimed
symbols in blood
Nosfiraru can hear the screams of mortals echoing thr

tunnelsand smell the taint poisoning the air, The peaceable fossori and the Cappadocians might do well

theye newcomers wer

to ward against

tw unite and be tid of these
secret from Rome's prince for f

asts, but neither trusts the other enough; both keep their di
wr of betraying the full reach of their underground domains.

*My masters beg your forgiveness in this matter,
but they say we cannot recognize brethren ftom
il this feud ents

{understood the frightened ghoul's dilemma
and did my best to calm the young man. Cato, ashe
vvascalled, knew his master chose him as messenger
because they could afford his loss. This pup would
aie with no secrets because he had none to barter

with. Conversely, I had no intentions of slaying
him. Instead we spoke through the night before |
finally dismissed him. { would return when circum-
nances favored a better reception.
Meanwhile, my encounter with Cato revealed a
fice I'd not known. The Cs
dominion over the catucombs, but i was not they

xxdocians may claim
who supervised its formation. Nosferatu oversaw its
gonstruction through specialized gravediggers alled
Jossort who dug into the ott tough storie, When they
‘ould no longer build our, they dug down, creating
the tiered labyrinth of today. Even now, fossori

ghouls dig deeper, creating more space (or theit
asters. The region's Nosferatu adopted the fossuri's
ame for themselves

These gravediggers represent
ample of our choice in ghouls. The high clans assume
we choose the wretched because we enjoy staring
into the mitror of misery. Only a few recognize the
merits of our allied kine. Our ghouls include rakyers
who sweep dung from the streets in London, these
Roman fossnri. merewis bop
blind street mendicants and city butchers awash in
the stink of blood and gore, We choase those mot-
tals, already invisible and ignored by society, and
reward them with a taste of our blood: Few peopl
pay heed to this lot even if they appear deformed by
our taint— in fact their blistersand pock marks only
add to their invisibiliey

Our ghouls serve many roles, the most important
of which are as messengers and observers. Blessed
with sun tolerance, they mark the proccedingsof the

BOOK TWO; LEPEI


of our enemies. We even
eons of various lords,

day and follow the cou
suaintain ghouls in the
and smuggle blood into their cells so they may
withstand d
learn in the b
the local lor

igors of torture. There is much to
cls of these keeps, especially since
hide their most hated enemies there,

xchange for their knowledge
Another function performed by our ghouls is
ment. They can travel freely through
nortal world arid know whom best serves us.
Although
society's upper echelons, we val
Bring us the lepers and b
contempe that others ignore their presence, the
harkeep and serving wench who loosen your tongue
with libations, the whore who performs that which
your wife will nor, Give

we seek the downtrodden spit upon by
wealth of skills,
gars who are so heneath

s the greengrocer, fishmon-
+ who shares in the market's gossip.
nig priest who takes confession or the

ger or bu

Give us the yo
architect whe crea secret doors and tunnels,
With ourmore visible servants, we limit the sharing
of blood lest they became too hideous ta elicit the
trust af others. Occasionally, however, a hunched
tack or skin malformation berr
supped too often from his must

SPIES AND THIEVES IN Paris

While my inspection of Rome bare little fruit

sa ghoul who's
wrist

I did expect more of the city built on the shores of
the Seine — Paris. With a heritage dating back to
the Roman Empire and earlier, Paris enjays the
Church's patronage in such mattets as earning anid
in reclaiming the local swamplands, This past cen-
tury has seen much growth and the city spreads new
districts upon once fallow fields

After traveling through the polluted Seine, |
amiade my way to Ile de ta Cité, the true heart and
most ancient quarter of Paris, The original se
city took its name), settled the island before
Christ's birth, Later, che Romans swept through
Gaul, sacked the Parisi} settlementof Luretia, and
built on the Seine's Left Bank. They also fortified
Ile de la Cité as a stronghold. With their baths,
privies and underground cemeteries, the Romans
created a subterranean network of passives 10
rival Rome and Constantinople,

In particular, the Romans riddled Ie de la Cité
with a hive of turinets and storag

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

siege, Nosferatu were present, directing this work
detail or that overseer to extend the passages fur
ther. When the glory of Rome finally waned. the
Nosferatu took control of He de la C
This subterranean empire was their keep, and they
successtully guarded it against the other clans until
cathicr this century

The Church has had great influenc
heart, and where the clergy tread, and
Torendor follow like shadows. Bishop Augustus
Navarre
the local Lasom
touch with the regions
Dame Cathedeal's constr
Ja Cité over large underground cemetery chumbers
Although the project is still in the foundation work
and expected to cantinue fora century before comple-
tion, Lord Navarre hopes to breach the Nosferatu

sacornbs and launch Jon against my
kind. Little does he realize my kinsmen have pro-
tected their lairs well with els, dendfalls
and hidden portals. While Lord Navarre influences:
the guild heads, my brethren guide certain diggers
and builders, Secret passages and double walls ul
ready riddle the foundations of the cathedral and
linle ic to Nosferatu domains,

Fainiline as 1 clan's trickery, it
required litle effore nd our brethren, A

ouphanaye spans che wideh uf fle de La Cie and
rests at the foot of Notre-Dame. ! walked the quiet

ways of the orphanage grounds, knowing my
kind flocked to such places — the sense: of lost
innocence is a siren's song to us, Sradish.

Indid nor take long to remember thar the apostles
did nor number 14 as the statues in the central
atrium corridor suggested. Two false statues at the
end of the passage watehed me move about. They
appeared solid stone, but something of their deal

eyes unnerved me. I'd never seen the vanishing used
fur such a manner, hue fd feard rumors chee che

n Nosf festo cloak
themselves as religious sculptures and effigies
AMONG THE Parisi

"So, you wish to forge an alliance!

"To forge solidarity,

urewd and cunning Magister, represents
ra interests, I'm told. His subtle
church has ensured Notre-

eonllede

silent an

m with ou
or me to

Paris: used variants of our

corrected,

J was deep in the Parisian catacombs, before
Dame Mnemach, a Nosferatu unlike any I'd previ
ously encountered. Her skin was like thin fabri
hereaying-a web of veins-and vessels floating Jat


he flesh. Mnemach's face was drawn

1 melon-smooth, but her feral teeth
awed ictus,

d skull;

sand scars adorned her arms

sbliteration of her flesh

her brow
both drew

they appeared to: float
Minemach ted the Parisii N!
merged fron h

long torpor

Iwas fortunate that Mnemach knew Androvikus

and was willing to entertain council far my visit's
dumation, She too has claimed the title of Nicruku,
though [ doubt her childer knew that secret, for she
used the legend ro keep them beneath her thumb,
Because her Nosferatu live ina city draped in Tore

dor intrigues, they must rely on a great deal of guile
fora hint of power or consideration, this band hide

£ ARTIFICE
neralll

all Nosferatu use passive measures to

involves waiting like the patient

crocodile afl snatching up the morsels that dr

thy ce. Our thost typical strategy is to, van
from sight and listen, though thar alone does
protect us from discovery

‘We must rely

unning lest we depen

unholy obfuscation requir
t In the
most common gift, th
armor made of silk. App
it offers lire prorection
learn to whisper for fem

patience and tempe
arly years

shadows, is: like

withstanding,
sinst hlade or arrow. W
f unsettling silence, our
ally. We plan each step, careful not to intrude upon
our environment or betray our presence. The hunter
knows this lesson serves a two-fold purpose, It en:

ables him t

approach his prey, and it protects him

from becoming the quarry
Listen from a balcony ar window ledge, rest in
nn. Hide in publ

# and baths where they are st

furniture when you

(Constantinop
a seatrered handful of the cities I have vis

ic, Rome, Parisand London,

BUOK TWO: LEPERS


sem siiu avy pue "unry asuyeBe a9e 03 BuyypIA8 sone
suo sey Wouad aya iy jeuBis aeaf> © sy apinu
AYL "syyPa:Oyp spjojun seYm 99s puR aI w Jo
wojuyw Unouy ays aIvUISsRssE On $1 JUPAeUa| ANON
aaneAnsaaul JO iueLeA asoUY "parsysm ae
sodos asym Sun9A098p Jo SuEDUE e §1 34 !JorUE
Jou s1 SI], "#99RFINS AYA soysivm pu puod ay
taps Ajaasur soy Joungy ayp Jo aa9ey sp uy r9deyd
Joseut y "saao] uaaa pur saXpnad ‘saauviqye porad
n pe UapprYy sypuratn tayo suoawOs IsUTAE
euonsnoan apne Suyypstiney yoyo Aoeyy mony
926.01 s9}2028 95]up 49450} 02 $1 UL OWN aE UY
hyd 02 ao4g08 ay) "suoRMAstURU say UF [eadsta
$89] 30 ang] "yond Ayjunba aue manapsoKy 191)
AudeIDA s,9pe9 SY
Josnorgnp Appaurmmpe ure y yous "29}]n ay) UAOp
a9]uH SNOUDATUAWD $32404 OYA tEERSUNY UsOg -e4OpI0)
ato jo eadls ssoumry avjyunng "s194995 s1a4 INO UHwaI?S
synos 100d ayp jp ‘249yaxas}a. "pu $903 02 Supa
HANS SSaLNNMALXD ,SUIDLA TOY
snoop A}MO]S OF plus axe YOU any 34 WI MIeIapsON
aqwaUI ao JO ane >p1 Uasoo, a ea1]HUHEp
juus amor oY nesasON uRLURAfAsUEL | ue
LUvissy JO MOU | ang "AsasjUL SuI_UY 409 ayaNyy AM
S] e141 SUNNDLA.ANO WAY WoHreMADAUF x09 03 asmaZ0a
Jordi wons puw yee poopy paso} uo puadap
2a peasy ‘ps
funy ores suo St a8 step ang "satura Woy a8p>
-jmouy 92204 02 axNUIMIOG Jo SPUR aRAUaA ap Uueal
Mfounsuy wUN19¢) "921998 tireS On sporaw ALOAeS 89}

oud ‘gun up

24 Ano ISBUOUE UOLII9]j>1 5, eIqUIOS]

‘tayo uo fy 4 asus 998 a40yo4q,J "A[ar9pedwog OU NG

‘jem mesysoyg au Say9s sSuuu auespU o59K,f
{si>1pjos aya spssuoye
pooyg niaep yrds pu ayy urease sig ways jesus
Ayu NOAp ANA END sy wo Syeods OY pyeday axp
40 spiow sty sp40904 ols aqu.98 ayp say Hay FUL
ays onejodvure Aug j3ydoad aqp Jo stv 94p Wy BU}
sndsyyie ABa9p> 941 8131 Oya ado ay JontoD dtp,
{ee 94 snotpUMN sIxa TOMES ade SIP ey MoU
260 a4) 9} 02 prunesdd aya yo xade axp Joru0>
syn nod any 9aa}joq suMID}ING PUR ArstUYY amp
ayy "sFuIYIeN sE>Kp passa quot]
poe sruaunA, op mea) |fom sux} ACK NILI9\SON]
2 opto] ayy) ‘Xuyprmerapun
$ui mou "siaeastp par sung stp jo sapeay jews
2p galas soouey]7049380) 9m 415 Saaz Ose UOHIqUIE
sapponMap s95p.0 $,{39)908 pue su9da}
‘yakyor Jaye jo suuzauE ay pauonusm 9a,f ‘sand
on JoLOMIaUE SuNSIAILY Ay st 9BpPa|MOUN In
Supppas Ajoaraoe go powou LoUIOD sou aq |

A aay ING,

¥ SINIDONHS SDTTIT

"ssouaanizaye srayy Ausp | wea JaypFou ang,
‘spoupaus asaqp [| auopuo> rou op [-ate yam samo
wayp Pau 02 1]}ys. 93 asne99q Huidess uONNUNO)LY
30} sanbyuysar anon Aojdurs Ajazea soweuca|

SOUL SALLY

shonnes Apu
puw paseaquig 4jmau aie Aap oy wep 'stiuLyonaa
Paouuape asaya raxossp Aaya Udy ‘aaUdSHjau.
1 Pury Ino Jo 930 950] 10U OP AN JF JaPUOM | "ps
AISIp) UL Xm MER mene Aaepy pw ene, ICH) wOH
sadiiax sup aAaijaq nyemysoN auios *4javuNI0)
-Up] "Waasun srayio IsSuOUE yJom WED aM puK 'sdA0.
J}aif1 Ysnonp 398 pur sisoy ano swe sjoMIUL wrE;D
9p 238uEP ax S9Op 002 OF ANG "|]FS UF Me
Jaisva satnoaaq Surdds weqp BurAes hoy ya
"pareys s9A9u souo ay) ane sa9inas ap
‘Aquo ayy stz9Ae1 UL 40 samOY Jo swopLItAS 94p1 Ye BUY
-uans}] 9] }Yas Saye Bunsasmvut way auesspuoM Puc
suuiitlog se pasindsip miezajsoN ‘s199118 943 UO anOqU
Supyany wag -aue> apy Yat souaso2d stag Ut yeods
mayo aonanyuy J

008 1

{pons ase aduraruos yieausy og "wom 2990 wiRey o>
siassa] stays 1oadxe oym saniumM asorp Auras ua
-laaasqns 10 poryoiaum axa Jo s92%) ay HOP nIUI2}sON§
Prey wopsin YaeN UORIqUIE FduIIy OF A9qU>TE
a1 ysnoups ‘sewajd am 2]01 sanainyp stunsse
Smoqe at ‘puarst} "saqjasino asuteite asn on :uv9Us ADE
sem UoLido sap stip ing ‘szowAUR s19ystIOW 20U a4, 9m
puriad pur speuow Suoue Jum or apr sry osm
01 Asta st a} SunNay

mou 's928) ano asinBsIp ox Moy UTET| 9

aAjasuioyy wiasaad ssryiqssod
20)
20U Pjnor aa a1944% 94N: ad ano asnea
-9q suusyaeS uappry putt sx
24,24 "tsed s,jeu00 ¥ 9503193 pun LANID Or YHOU
mouy Aays ‘26010 poryumty jo aun ay] om pure sn
apryA\ "faNd no Mo}JO} 03 SpeUFUR PUTO? osyP 9,4,
SPSL oypHus Uo AJax 200 pure spuyu an
(01 sn saooyaq 21 ‘Surutins Suyag Ay poatasns as ing
‘aouayred jo youyd Aareay e saunban ypu *Ajupeasa9
‘opduuys 2,5) a} "upuadin s,2a1geu stamp 2onpap wes nod
aqaas Aatp woum SuEMoUy Aq pur seriou Aus
Ag: puansur spessus pur spperg jo spaey ayp Ans data
ssoappsuratpr©
SUOIUI JeLOW 1942 Jo sunseaW d9o¥ ‘c9A}95
-tmaqp saimureD to BuLAds unyp soupy "Afaretpausiny
ara] MIMIDPSON Map PUA OL sN SUPE YL

98 pynio>
raNes paLsA03s1p

sonmuad

ahemnd Aja eondunes npsoming

suonmge say)
Yt Bursuadsip way Oey aTuEIs 9 y ade oe

sfentot ang ‘pandsujun Ayuieas9> 94 jJauns pur mais


Leprous PuntstiMENT
Nosferatu Guy Bouchain betrayed his Pari-
won
his clan's efforts to influence Notre-Dame
Cathedral's construction. The astute Dame
Mnemach saw through hic deception, however,
and I was privileged to witness his execution.
Uhad heard of the quartering, but had not
seen it firsthand. To be certain, it was not the
worst method of execution, but it was ¢ffective.
‘The Nosferaru had already drained Bouchain of
most af his vitae, and held him immobile while
along chain was tied to cach limb. The four
strongest of the brood then took one chain
apiece and pulled till Bouchain was suspended
in air. At Mnemach's behest, they employed
their strength and pulled on the chains with a
mighty effort. | could hear the joints pop from
their sockets hefore the strain finally tore the
traitor apart. The remainder af the hrood de-
sccuded upon the convalsing Bouchain and
mauled him with teeth and claws
Another method of execution I'm famil-
jar with comes from my kin: n in Krakow.
The Nosferatu there strip traitors naked and
seal them in bare caskets with their arms and
legspinned down. They then punch onesmnall
hale in each casker's roof, and lay them in the
open at daybreak, facing east to west. As the
sun creeps across the sky, a tight needle of
light passes through the hole like a hor blade
and slowly inches up the trattor's body. Few
| have survived this agonizing torture. Most
Nosferatu are split in twain like a loaf cut

sian kinsmen to Lord Navarre by repo

| down the middle

(ed
the first volley of many. Vampires caught by this
tealization often solidify alliances, find ways to
protect their aaser:

Nosferatu merely follow the couriers around, keep-
ing notice of whom they visit and why. [twas one
simple murder that enabled the Parisii Nosferatu
todiscover Lord Navarre's resources and identify
a9py in their midst.
ProvipInG SERVICES AND BARTERING
IN TonGues

Dame Mnemack was as unsettling in action as
the was in appearance: She hungered for news as

and warn their lackeys, The

much as I wished to cement an alliance. We bat-
tered, weighing secrets like grains on a balance. 1
asked to learn her obfuscation erufts, and paid by
feeding from her blood in-a public display of passion
1 muse admit shamed me. When we ended the ex-
change, everyone was laughing. They all looked like

She'd used Obfincate upon her brood
they all bore my countenance. Suc skill, but | soon
learnt the Manifold Guise

Thusourre
barters dictatin

> that

er her turelage

ionship vacillated, with tradesand

the strength of our consanguinity,

Such is our kinds lor, I suppose, for once we started
we gain

tered by others. Once we possessed secrets

grew rich with a unique currency. Unfortunately, as

Mnemach observed, when the dispossessed become

wealthy, others grow jealous,

dominion over myste

"We ate privy to the machinations of the To-
reador and Lasombra, and that makes us disgusting
and dangerous. We pry open the courtly intrigues
between the Brujal and Ventrue, and they turn on
us for daring to litt our heads from the mud. To the
Tremere and Tzimisce who fight their battles
through spells and arcane ctaft, we are no mc

than intelligent mongrels who've se
Can we forget such slights? Tsay no, but what
satisfactions do we have left? { will tell you, We are
a clan of hunters and not soldi Therefore we
stalk the secrets oth in this evernul

sea, and barter them away to the enemies of our
enemies, Is revenge not delicious?"

Mnemach's speech is as impassioned as her ha
tred, but I understand the root of her poison. The
high clans come to us, knowing we
secrety concerning their enemies like bolts ina
quiver. When they need
"brother" and "sister"; when they've done with is,
they send their dogs ro kill us lest we speak of their
‘own improprieties
‘Stadishs.

Secrets AMONG THE Nosrerira.

We cultivate ian image of tight tion
but ae you've seen from my travel logs, Sradish, we
are not as united as others might believe. Our
penitent brethren who shy their faces from the
heavens would love to hand us beneath the mantle
of solidarity and flagellation. 1, however, have no
wish to punish myself on a whip provided by the
other clans. They demen us already. Must we do it

BOOK TWO: LEPERS.

1. we hear the fond titles


to ourselves as well?

Within a city or burgh, the Nosferatu are more
often allied than not. We barter information for the

ingthe bonds between the various
tribesand families. Have no doubt;as travel between
the cities grows safer, our fellowships will span coun=
tries and possibly even empires as they did in the
nights of Rome. For now, however, such ambitious
dircams are better left to the seer Malkavians. We
simply barter for knowledge, half in kinship and half
for the crowing,

With outsiders we keep our lips sealed, bue it is
difficult not to bray amongst ourselves about a par
ticularly scandalous tidbit of gossip. It is not che
information itself that matters, but the very fact that
we snared it, If there is any measure of prestige
among the Nosferatu, it is for our skill in acquiring
secrets, Naturally, we share these morsels of know!-
ede usa resulr of bragging of our exploits, but the
laurels of our victory ate short
tige, like gossip, is fleeting. Accomplishments are
well and fine, but glory is for the risk-takers and the
innovativ

red. Nosferatu pres-

not the indolent or torpid.
Ourpropensity for such gossip can be very useful
ut times, if it can be channeled. Those wha take the
time to build solid contactsamong fellow Lepers ean
rely 0} safe from all e:
save those of the clan. This means that if you have
asecret you wieh to keep from
a safe syste
among the

BarTERING wire Oursiner
Sradish, the wild-tust C
weembt

them to convey message

is is not
norisit if your enemiesalso have allies
n. Bur it has its uses nonetheless.

nigrel are the only clan
as family. The rest can rot. The Gangrel
often share in our knowledge freely since they actas
our courlers, but few of them are given to gossip. A
few of us served alongside them in the fight against
Chris ‘eucross Denmark, Norwayand
Sweden, The mortals fought over teligion while the

ngrel battled the incursions of the black-hearted
Lasombra. Christianity won, but the Lasombra came
away licking deep wounds. The Magisters uncovered
that afew of u

ty'

wisquetaded as pagan Gangrel and
bear us enmity for thar. But this was also @ lessan 10.
them in how effective we can be.

Bartering in words, we know how little they
Guly mean, So when a Cainite supplicaces himself
declarationsand not actions, know that you
speaking with a viper who'll poison you given the

throw

LUBELLUS SANGGINIS 4

chance. For these fools, we offer something of value
only for a worthy favor in return. Sometimes we
don't even care for the traded artifact, as long as out
patron suffered to fulfill his portion of the bargain.
Never forget thar in these situations, we hold the
upper hand and can make greater demands than we
normally could. I've known Nosferatu whe cuvk this
lesson to advocate greed, but we serve the clan best
by playing the pious and the wretched. We should
take care never to wave our accomplishments over
the heads of the other clans lest they retaliate in
anger. The Latins do this well. Unlike my Levantine
brothers, Europe's Nosferatu understand how toswal-
low their pride and play their roles handily. We'd be
wise to master their proficiency in sycophancy
Conversely, the one lesson the Latiny

learn from us is bargaining in such a way as to

it appear you are providing favor rather than a
service. The most skilled Nosferatu of Baghdad
could seal a bargain and get what they needed
without the other Cainice ever realizing he was it
negotiations. This requires a delicate hand and
much maneuvering, but avoids resentment and te-
ctiminations later on.

Brother Avian
Dei tioublad by sébend eveals in Pi
dame Mucmachetpeaks of dissent withiy.the

 Metuhue Now cumantts sock taripthe Nosferate

and. sue faction opposes. ti
a (Cticdceh ft tas ath ad

2G wie do tt ancsicor Malaita all ou

offonts dre for nash

ALLIES AND ENEMIES
OF LONDON

J hate London already, Sradish. 1 miss Paris and
her Nosferatu, bur my mission is my mistress tonight
Thope to return to Paris in the next summer, but 1

have 4 winter of learning and negotiations in this
foul-loaking city.

Home to over 50,000 inhabitants, London pos
sesses none of Puris's charms. The homes are of
timber and clay facades, with beaten-earth floors

and unglazed windows not large enough to crawl
through. The streets, when cobblestone paved, are

slanted towards the middle where a tunnel lies. All
slopsate tobe emptied into this open gash of a sewer,


Baiweine THe Gap
Jam months into my journey, a ally understand Androvikus' reference te
ven more than the dlifferences in outlook and beliefs that divide us, the raw distanc work
is: We exist in scattered clutches and beoods across Europe, the Lev:int and areas even more remou
survive, to thrive, we must exchange information
factions. We communicate through lepers and traveling mut 7 Hy, such messi
hange as they are passed from one person to the next. We need munication that
vesn't rely simply on tongue, song ot the banging of eastanets. The F e with many helpful
ons concerning this matter
* Homing Pigeons: The Nosferatu of Kiev, Krakow and Prague use Fy mesa
them, and this has proven highly effective, The practice spreads west and south, but too slowly [fe
With it, a vampite bays like a wolf at the moon, and sends his voice across the forest. Each wolt in the regior
ins in the howl, carrying the message even further like sails caught in the wind. The Northlanders claitn
var inaicates t so hear these mis

© The Company of Ou hese 1 times, there are these among the other clans — high and

Jow—who gather in bands to carve cut their own domains. These coteries can serve us well, including i

aiding nication. Ir is far easier to travel in the yuise of an ambitious Lasumbym's atce-de-camp than
alone as [ do, That way we may enter cities and meet with our own kind. Of course, Sradish, we must remain
alert to betrayals within such a coterie, bur th fren worthwhile


and yer, the uncultured Londoners are too lazy to do
even that. The streets are the dumping grounds of
refuse thrown out through the top floors and left to
rot in open piles

I stayed to the wharves and piers lining the
Thames, hop osferaru amidst
the stink of animals and decaying harvests. London
draws in many food producers, including farmers,
butchers and fishmongers, so the docks are a lively
spot day or night. My assumption proved correct
and | found a kinsman by the name of Thomas the
Rat, He escorted me through the city, tiking time
to warn me of this street or that residence. London,

isa Ventrue city under the powerful stewardship of
the Methuselah Mithras: The Nosferatu here are
an organized front and part of the political machi-
nations. Unlike Parts, where jonymity is key, the
Leper Ruchard de Worde had proven himself to
Mithray as both spy and confidant during the
prince orman Cainites. Mithras allows

actively participate in the courts,
both because of our ability to snare secrets and
because it upsets Tor. ties so terribly
In turn Richard keeps the Nosferatu well-man-
nered punishes

war on

dor sensibi

ny kinsmen who embarrass
‘ie wants no impropriety to sully Mithras'
trust in him, As such, Thomas the Rat warned me,
| was bound by the absurd number of codes and
regulations dictating Cainite lifewithin London. If
I failed to observe any of them, Richard would

my head,

Tue CLans

ourelan,

Thomas the Rat has proven to be London's sole
saving grace. Richard de Worde is as haughty and
arrogant as any Ventrue I've ever met, but Thomas

has taken the time to school me in the city's clans
and peculiar Laws.
"Tell meof the different clansand what we think
This was but one of Thomas the Rat's exer
cives hefore I was to enter London's courts: The
Cainites of the city are locked in a complicated
web of alliances and hatreds, and | had to supplant
what I knew against what Richard de Worde ex-
pected of me. | suppose thar s true of any place,
1 for every hatred I espouse against one clan. 1
have met Nosferatu who claim the opposite. Re-

UBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

member this, Sradish: hate your enemy only as
much as your peers allow

Assimrr

Thomas the Rat tells me to hate this lor with
othing but malice in my heart. The Assamites have
sought Mithras' blood on more than one occasion,
thus making them enemy to Richard de Worde by
default, My concerns lie in common sense, though
for our encounters with the Saracens have vari
according te their needs and their thirsts. Were |
Muslim, perhaps would deal with them more readily
—asdo the Haj, those of our blood who follow chat
devout Methuselah Tarique.

Even as a Levantine Christian, 1 know the
Assamites have often sought out our abilities as
spies. They are Cainites of their word. If you can
negotiate for your safety in exchange for the infor
mation they seek, then do so, for theit promise is a
tue bond. If you spy one moving silently through
your domains and have no offer of protection, run
and hide leat you fall to his blade

Brayan

Lam less venomous towards the Brujah than the
Londoners, hur { distruse them just the same. The
Brujah claim they can only accept us as brethren if
we abandon our mercenary ways and make a stand
with them. | find that difficult to believe. They
dhink we've forgotten how they treated us in
Carthage, when our members did not fit their
vaunted ideals. Enough of us escaped that city to
remember our sires and kinsmen being destroyed
for not matching some physical aesthetic of Helle
nistic beauty. 1 am uninterested in discussing their
bygone glories saye co rub their faces in their fail
ures. Deal with such Zealors.as swiftly you can and
be done with it. Otherwise they'll entwine you in
philosophical arguments and bore y
their former greatness. Worse yet, you tty unco
the sable cuvcutly sweeping through Englund, 3

lot consumed by their clan's bitterness and hell
eager for destruction. They can't he taken wt their
word and areas likely to pay you with a stake than
ian agreed upon price
Cappabocians

Thomas the Rat seemed »
view of this clan since he had

a with,

ost interested on my
few dealings with
their ilk, It seemed wise to tell him that | had no real


quarrel with the Graverobbers, but I say to you that
my true feelings are closer to those of our Roman
brethren. I dislike these self-important scholars of
death and wish te see them ejected from the dark
places they have stolen from us. They seem so com-

ay courtly advisors and. respected
scholazs, let them spend their nights and days side by
side with the prancing Arrisans, then. One who
‘wears fine robes and drinks blood from silver goblets

should not claim the dank underground — itis ours,
and ours alon

FoLtowers oF Set
One of the few bridges Richard de Worde and
I share is our hatred for thic clan. The Serpents
would happen to our kind were we
ever to surrender to the abyss. We both deal in
secrets, but the Followers of Set use their knowl
edge to corrupt and fell their victims. Worse yet
they barter in secrets without the stigma of a
broken countenance. In fact, I've heard the
Nosferatu of Pisa and Venice allied themselves
with rhis clan, sharing secrets and tricks 50 that
neither city is safe from their combined ears
Damnation take them both; isn't our clan ac
cursed enough without befriending such villains
Call it jealousy or anger, I do not care which, but

why must we be cursed when it is they who are
black-hearted?I would capture a Serpent ifonly to
seat his prety face. Let bi
Nosferatu, distrusted by appearance alone and
forced ro earn bis secrets from the shadows.

1 Lewes whit Lis to be

Gancre.

Ah, the Gangrel. We either trust each other
like only brothers can, of we fight like only broth:
ers can. Ages ago, when we existed in the wild,
conflicts were inevitable. We preferred remaining
close to mortal herds, while the Gangrel drifted a
they do today. Back then, they were raiders and

pirates who sacked our food stacks and paid Little
heed to our territory. Unlike the other clans, how-
ever, they fought us nor because they believed us
monsters, but because they saw us as equals in the
hunt. We were worthy foes. As odd as it sounds, a
mutual respect hegan from that bit of rivalry. To:
day we remain close, for they ralk of their journeys
and we recount to them the news of the cities
They've provided us with invaluable information
and often saved our lives by offering safe passage In.

tum, we listen because we alone understand the
desire tharsets them adnift. Ifyou ever discover thar
a Gangrel has joined a coterie, then it is safe for you

16 do the same, At least you can count upon one

ally, as long as you return like courtesy.

LaSOMBRAL

Hate the Magisters fortheir arrogance and tn
iment of our kind, but never forget their importane
Over this last century, an unspoken alliance has
formed between - The Magisters lave
to rule, and they can provide us with much in this
world if we have something to offer them in ex-
change. In turn, they know we are invaluable
more than just goscipmongers. Our spies nearly
upended their war against the Gangrel during the
Christian conquest of Denmark, Norway and Swe
den. They remember that slight well, but recogr
the importance of such services for future endeav:

ors. Be wary, however, for the Lasomubrs publicly
denounce us and bar us from certain domains. They
claim we are plague-ridden, yer they do not hesitate
fo petition us for our services in secret. We are the
While 1

vor they

Lasombra's embarrassing little whores.
would enjoy seeing them suffer for each
ask, Lasombra patrans a
cast aside, Consider your barter carefully, Stadish,
and allow yourself some recourse for escape lest

they seek your destruct

MALKaviANs
J would count the members of three clans
trustworthy allies, and the Malkavians

the secon

ymber
f that trinity, Their lunacy
tious, howeve

for they seck to enlighten others to
ons. Unlike we who q
and wait for othe n their
knowledge by prodding and pushing conventions
to their breaking. Thi
other clans ¢ and their in-
sights, while difficult to sift through, are often
profound. Help them when you ean, for they make
ood allies and berter distractions

RavNos
The Londoners don't much enre for the Ravnos
and dismiss them as thievesand tricksters. They spit

the term Charlaran and condemn them all. But the
Londonereare fools. Even Thorax the Rat made the

their twisted vi tly listen

to speak first, they

ar more observant of
Cainires believe

thistake typical of the highborn: confusing appear
ince for fact. Our clan, more than any, should know

BOOK TWO: LEPERS


that what the Ravnos appear to he and what they
setually are, are two very different things. In the

I Charlatans to banish-
nch courier arrive with a
for mighty Prince Mithras, The assembled
assumed him to bea Toreador, but Lsaw the
signs of a Rawnas brood called th

Messengers and courtesans, they are
prideful and chivalrousasany Ventrue. My feeling is
that the Raynos have their own agenda, which the
high clans seen: not ro even suspect

SALUBRI

Idoubr | or any other Nosferatu shall ever stop
mourning the death of Caine's yeutler children:

The

but the damnable Tremet

same city that condem
ment, 1 observed a Fi
message

Phaedymives
about him

are the missing third of our pyramid of allies,
robbed us of that bless-
(e ever fortunate enough to find arefugee

do not hesitate to help him escape or

ing. If you:
of this ¢
hide. How can we refuse them shelter when they
er their wings sooften and kept us hidden
from our enemies? How can we not protect them
with our very existence when they pointed many of
kind towards salvation? Certainly, we lashed
with their warriors over misunderstandings during

took usu

mosity remains between the warriors of
niel and us, but even they know better than to
discount us so readily. Unfortunately, nor all agree:
Some of our so-called "brethren" willl ided the
s grave. |
mourn that betrayal, but know more ean follow
uen't careful
Many Nosferatu believe that the Salubri were so
close to the Lord's breast that if we die in service to
them, we too shall ascend into Heaven. While the
thought it snot, We
re bound tw more than simply helping. Seek the

Tremere in uncovering a Salubri warric

If is whimsical, the intent

land who made
their latts above an entombed Salubri in torpor,

Should the Tremere come, they will fight horde of

my kinsmen first and know what made us hunters

TorEADOR
How can we respect a greatest cel
ebration came after the discovery of the mirror!
pod in their hearts, the
or do not bring beauty into this world; they
it from their mortal prodigies and claim it as

LIBELLUS SHINGUINIS

Broihos Milani

Yi Geld ths be the look
{pei ta poet coat des Eh

D adil Ure fpacrscey wéars on my toul. J with
fo ond this Slalte, chain $22, whatever
\ Gacker I eatnuh-im Constantineple i
idopé of SRI ee cha dom
Ha could ball pbs tthe, ad) sense ba
| sechemhat wodares well.
Hehoce dbrteseialibe SGU & te
ara right b
elind lngendd and pursua ther carious agend
at whieperd. Perhaps

their own
demand trades that exact a price on their se
ties. Ask for one night with their most beautiful
ghoul, and then ler it feed from you in public, Or ask
for a prized piece of art, and then return it to them
le they sit with their peets. Sec how quickly
they'll abandon or destroy their sv-called loves for
the sake of appearances. Although the Toreador are
beautiful and we monsters, take comfort in the fact
that we cannot be made uglier, while they can.

TREMERE

Foul blood thieves! Could 1 fill my mouth with,
their vitaeand spit it hack into Saulor | would. These
hated Usurpers walk among us as though they were
equals. They are pups in the face of creation, and |
pray they broker the attention of Sautot's brothers;
perhaps they can avenge the Salubei in blood. Spit
on their shadows and rake every opportunity to use
their secrets against them, Sradish. We may not be
strong enough to confront these wizards in their
greatest keeps, but they have enough enemies we ean
gather to our cause. If one is stupid enough to
approach you for secrets, give him the information
thar will most likely destroy him, Never lie ro these
wisardls, for the truth is far more potent « weapon,
Unfortunately, 1 cannot say all Nosferatu hate the
Usurpers, for a number of our Balkan kinsmen work
for this lor, asdo willful Lepers within some coter
Fools, for they too shall become Gargoyles and famil-
iars to these blighted wizards.

Tzimisce
The Tremere and Tzimisce are our two most

hated enemies. My greatest joy is their mutual venom
of each other. Pethaps they will do the world a favor

Deal with this clan if you mu


and destroy one another. How can vampires truly
call us monsters when the Fiends walk these lands,
damning creatures at a touch and twisting flesh like
cloth? Were our faces as repugnant as their hearts,
Vd warrant we'd turn mortals to stone ata glance.
The Tzimisce are powerful and not to be trusted save
when they offer their word as lords and nobility
Even then, | wouldn't stake my existence on that
Presumption or their charity. They count them-
selves as above all others and helieve that sanctions
their behavior. Worse yet, they coy with us and
knead our flesh into further mockeries than they
already ate. Look upon the Larvae and know the
Trimisce had a hand in their deformity. If we are ill-
treated by other Cainites, it is expected, but what |
cannot abide is the Fiends' ministrations of my clan
asplaythings. Turn away any barters with this lot, for
the sake of helping them is nor worth your dignity
VENTRUE

Ah, the dear Patriclans. The Ventrue are eager
for thetr glory, but they're also children compared to
Lasombra manipulators. How eagerly they scamper
for power, believing that sitting upon the throne is
the same as ruling it. They don't see the Lasombra's
strings manipulating them like puppets. We do
however, for shadows are all we know. Mind you this
¥iew never departs my lips given the loyalties of my
London hosts. I merely acknowledge the Ventrue's
beneficence and offer Thomas the Rat a'smile when
Imention their name, The Ventrue are likewise
duped by sugared words. They only care for what you
say to their face and demand public acclamations
their greatness, Their insecurity is al
most charming. Perhaps that's why our clan finds it
4 easy to speak with the Patricians. Mere hints of
‘impropriety against them are enough to send them
plotting and scheming. Still, donot take this clan for
granted, and bargain with them when you can,

Stadish. They've been our greatest patrons in the
recent years and can sull offer us much. In truth,
they grow in power and it would be wise to foster our

relations with them. Know that with each Ventrue
lotd or potentate, there is a small nest of Nosferatu
who have his ear. Richard de Worde is proof of that

Baa

There is little I can say about this damnable lot
save to tell you tu destroy them with ull the hatred
in the known world. Since Saulot's destruction,
these infernal maggots have multiplied intoa plague
With each death, I ean only hope we do our Salubti
brethren proud. Mind you
nary note — use the

onan entirely merce
aali's death as a trophy to
I Ventrue or Lasombra lords
This might curry you some favor and do much to

present to the lo

Garcoyt.
Another reason co despise the Tremere ts the
Gargoyles, We know not whence these creature
came, but we smell our blood in them. Are they like
the Larvae, another debasemene
this. The Gargoyles
efficientat derecting us and protecting the

tolerate no more
havens, but they are worse off than we such
ist foster alliances with
them and encourage them to break their bonds. This
is dangerous, for they are faithful Lapdogs; yet, even

kept animals revolt against ¢

things were possible. We

wlty and torture, Let
the Tremere continue mishandling this lor and they'll
soon have a viper in their midst. Hopefully, we can
contribute to their misery by helping the Gar
rebel and escape.

Lysthor Atianin;

This tp wdione the foilitial entries Prhioe
daicouered ice We heros that Rbalont jour
weys continued and be must 4 heave

Vinicouered more F was. unaware of the

and In greater Jeoreds await
ge eine emigre
pretensions of aolidarity aside, 5 feos ow

iso 2

) eamtat shine bur Mod.
Bis cauiteits, ny friend, Be cautious


New ieres of Flesh

INNEW ARCHETYPE
This new archetype can serve as a Nature or

HanTer
The world is filled with danger and two types af

people: hunt

Nosferatu characters.

and prey, You've chosen to be the
hound, and therefore everything around you must be

prey. You assess life by this maxim and spend your

time studying everyone's strengths and weaknesses,

Within minutes of meeting people, you've already
decided whether they are quarry and ean easily fall
you in a fight or if they are predatars worthy of your
aitention. You ignore prey, for they provide you with
no reali bur you compete with other hunters
to prove yourself better: Fi pingly simple tasks
like sneaking intw-a keep to complicated matters like

The hur sarily a
violent one, You do nor deliberately hunt after your
companions, but you make it a point of knowing

sand weaknesses should the time come
1, you're patient, with acold calculating nature
mndahig

er and prey

ly developed competitive streak. Remain-
ary in studying your
victims and approaching them without arousing
suspicion. You may even believe your own
the ultimate g:

t, however, is net

orerie
ne, and enjoy seeing how close you
can get to them without arousing their suspi

Regain Willpower whenever you outper
form a rival of equal or greatcr skill than yo

or when you successfully stalk and snare prey
through patience and cunning.

New
BACKGROUND

Couriers

ountryside. You can
any known Nosferatu means

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

whether with caravans, Gangrel scouts or hom
pigeons — and know they'll be reliably
‘other Nosferatu in your atea of influence. These com:
munications are not entirely secure, however. Your
messages can travel far and wide because they pass on
ps of those who aide a variety of Nosferacu —s9
another who has eamed their trust could well catch
wind of what you are conveying. Although Leper
value the clan's secrets, they also must make deals with
A Magister's coterie-mate may well passon
your plan to steal into his haven.

outs

Dots in the Background represent how trusted
and connected the character is in the local network
of couriers, und 40 how far and wide a message is
reltably conveyed. This also derermines how easily
the vampire can tap into others' messages, The
Storyteller can ask the player to make a Charisma +
Subterfuge roll (difficulty 10 - dots in Couriers) to
find out if anything interesting is being passed along
by local couriers.

A player who wishesher character to havea very
secure way of reluying Information might purchase
the Retainers Background to represent a personally
loyal courier

The communication web extends
aver one city.

The web touches upan two cities

The player now has a choice of

reaching three cities or @ country's

district like Aquitaine in France or

‘one of the

The character's message can reach
four major cities oraffect a geographic
slike the Carpathians, the Seine'.
shores or the Alps.
Thecharactercan communicate with
up to five cities or an entite country
gland or Bulgaria


BROKEN TONGUES

Nosferatu with the Couriers Background have a reliable way to relay information to other Lepers,
although they must realize that many clanmatescatch wind of whatever they communicate, Thase wha
wish to use other means — either tw hide secrets from clanmates or to go beyond the teliable range of
their regular couriers — have other options.

1 Storyteller always has the final say as to whether a message arrives or nor, but the fold
systems ean serve as a convenient shorthand for off-stage shenanigans. The difficulty of these rolls is
usually hetween 6 (for a message relayed within the same city) co 10 (for a lengthy journey through
dangerous lands). The number of successes indicates how completely the message is transmitted, with
one indicating basic intent and meaning, and four being a verbarim recitation

* Letters/Codest Literate characters may use letters, coded or not, to communicate. This has the
advantage that if the courier gets through, the message is relayed in full. Of course, the recipient must
ilsobe literate and any literate enemies who intercept the message are privy to its contents. Fartunately,
most bandits (indeed, most people) are illiterate and codes can increase security. Any character with,
Linguistics 3 can be assumed to know-a code and, given the chance, can teach it to another. Coding ot
decoding isan Intelligence + Linguistics roll, difficulty 5.

Regardless of whether a message is coded or not, it still needs to be transported. So the following
guidelines still apply.

© Allies/Retainers: Trusted servants and friends can reliably convey a mesa
ability. The Storyteller should adjudicate whether they make ir safely or not, rolling their Stamina +
Survival or Wits + Larceny to navigate dangerous wilds or dark streets, respectively, If the messeny
isn ally rather than a retainer, some form of payment and reciprocity is necessary.

+ Animals/Carrier Pigeons: Through the use of Animalism and ghouling, Nosferatu cat se
animals as reliahle messengers. They doso either by speaking direetly to an animal or by sending a cartier
pigeon with an attached missive. The former requires the use of Feral Speech, and both systems require

Manipulation + Animal Ken roll to send the beast to the proper destination. Difficulties can be
lowered by 3 for ghoul animals.
ontacts: The use of simple contacts to relay secret massager ie much trickier. The Contmets
Background represents acquaintances who provide some information, but no concrete support. Doing
message along (without sharing \t with third parties) requires paymentand favors,
and even then, there is no guarantee. The Storyteller can require Manipulation + Leadersh
Chatisina + Etiquette culls. Of course, the use of Dominare can ensure compliance, but few Nosteratu
have thut highborn gift

5 write actual script that remains unseen. Ln both

New Discreun ieee rime
ened guage are those with Blood Apocrypha as well

Nosteratu among them who can provide transla

BLoop ApocryeHa CAUspEx LEVEL tions sine
ONg, OBruscare LeveL On!

it would be unreasonable to expect all
clan members to be versed in this Language

trempt to create a secret language all

\ have generated different

methods of coding their speech and messages, One
faction living in the Levant uses Blood Apocrypha
for private dialogue based on the nuances of ex-
pending blood within their body. The Parisian
Nosferatu, how a variant whereby they

This Discipline allows a vampire to relay coded
inforination in one of two fashions. If related t
speech, the two discoursing Cainites must be close
enough to smell and taste the a ed blood.
Kissing is the safest route. The second method,
scripting, enables the writer to draw blood picto
graphs using his own vitae on cloth, The blood

BOOK TWO: LEPERS


neveractually touches the medium, but its dissipa-
tion infuses the porous fabric to create the message.
The recipient, in turn, must expend @ small
taste of blood to speak to the other vampire or he
can breathe hlood vapors upon parchment to high
light the text, In both cases, Blood Apocrypha does
nor supply the coded message; itis merely the ink
instructions. This means that a vam
pire with this Discipline must also understand the
codes being used, That is why the Levantine and
Parisid broods are able w maintain their secrets

ther the m

System: Reganlless of w sage isin

speech of script, and whether the vampire is the

sender or receiver, the player must spend one blood
point for the character to retrieve or relate the
message. In spoken communication, as long as the
nwo Nosferatu are face to face, no toll is necessary.
issives, the sender's player should roll
Perception + Subtesfuge (difficulty 5) to determine
how long the message will last (see below). Reading
the message requires blood expenditure but no roll
— ir succeeds unless the message has expired.

Blood Apocrypha casts ten experience to learn.
Successes Survival of Weitten Messages
four days
one week
nonth
indefinitely

LAMENT CANMaLSM Li
Opruscate Leven Two)

ncient times, the wolf's howl echoed across

ty and moun ing with its

flung brethren. The Nosferatu and Gangre| liv-

ing among the wilds of northern Europe learned how

todo thesame, resulting in Wolf's Lament. This gift

enables the viampite to howl a message out into the

tspen, where it carries for miles. Additionally, any

hearing the wail upp
If done properly, a chain
Lament across dozens and even hundreds of n

volves can sust

Anyone liste erely hears an ceric keen-
ing that pierces the air and settles across the land.
hose with Fetal Speech, however, hear a voice
carried within the how]. The content is brief, bur it
imparts emotional imperat
aves It can w

and a general mis

n of danger, suriton « specific

individual, grieve for someone's death or carry any.

URFLLUS SHNGUINIS 4

other quick and si
can vocali

ple messages, Wolf's Lament
roughly two simple sentences
System: To use this Discipline, the playerrelaces
thesimple messageand the Storyteller judges whether
of not it ts too complex (saying it in one breath isu
good rule of thumb), The player then rolls Manipu.
lation + Animal Ken (ditticulry 6) and the vampire
sends our
indicate the distance the message travels on the
voices of wolves (see below), A failure simply means
there are no packs in the area (or they fail to pick
the message), while a botch
attracts unwanted attention.

< instructions in a howl; the successes

icates that the caller

Wolf's Lament comts sever: enpetietice to learn.
Successes

five miles

10 miles

50 miles

100 miles

250 miles

Gap or Aces CANimausM LeveL Six)
This gift is an advanced kin to Fe
exerts such great conditioning upon natural beasts
that the effects are passed down through the yene
tions. Affected animals and their descendents roam
the wilds of Europe with asi
burned into their minds and very
these creaturesare simple guides with instructionsto
lend travelers of a certain "smell" (Nosferatu, in this
case) along a specific path. Not all commands are
rmistic, however Some aniouals readily fight clew

intent of thought
ng. Often times

superior foes because « vampire commanded
great-grandmother to protect a dom:

System: Like Feral Speech, Gap of Ages ullows
characters to command imals. Talking to them
requires no roll, but to condition the creature sind its
descendants, the player must succeed in 4 Manipula,
tion + Animal Ken roll (difficulty 7). Thereafter,
depending on the number of successes (see below),
this beast and its offspring obey. Again, hecause the
animal is simple, the commands must be as
"Bring others who smell like me through this path?
or "attack anyone who smells dend but continues
walking" are viable orders, Conditioning can be
broken if another vampire uses this Discipline &
issue new instructions. In either case, Gap of Ages

ot affect the already-born offspring af newly
ls.


Affected Animals

1 two generations (the conditioned
imal and its immediate progeny)

three generations

Successes

four generations

five generations
5+ This family-l

Maniroup Guise (Onruscare Lever Six)

Most Cainites believe that Obfuscate is only
good for hiding. After all. the Nosferatu are hideous:
why ele would they use this Discipline if not to
conceal theit repugnant forms? The Nosferatu wield
Obfuscate to shroud their presence, true, but it is
ao a tool of survival and a means to confuse the
enemy. Manifold Guise enables the vampire to drape
his countenance (or that of another person present)
overeveryone around him. What better way to elude
a pary of hunters bent on your destruction than
giving them plenty of you to hunt after?

As with Mask of a Thousand Faces, those af-
fected by Manifold Guise do nat feel different. Still,
by outward appearance, they look like whomever
the vampire chose as a template. This mask cannot
be wiped or cleaned away; the Cainite employing

this power uiust leave the area oc step using his

Manifold

ability for the effect to fade. Additionally,
Guise also projects the same voice upon each person,
« when they talk, they all sound like the template.

System: Ifthe player succeedsin a Manipulation
+ Subterfuge roll (difficulty 7), the character ean
either ast hisown appearance upon everyone within
the immediate area, or choose enmeane he's looking
at during that moment. The only way for people to
erect each other is if one target notices mavement
or actions thar are typical of his ally or known
enemies. This requires Perception + Aleraness (dif-
ficulty 6) in a resisted roll against the vampite's
successes in pulling this charade.

The successes in Manifold Guise also work to-
wards increasing the range of the effect. That means
anyone caught within the area, be they two or a
dozen, are all equally affected. The vampire need not
see all the victims, just as long ax he can see one
target and che person whose appearance he is bor-
rowing (unless he's using his own face). The effect Is
always centered on the vampire. If the Cainite em-
ploys this abilicy und moves abour, he aleers anyone
new within the Diseipline's influence. Anyone who
moves out automatically reverts back tw nortn

Successes
1 Five yards in all directions
2 10 yards in all directions,
3 30 yards in all directions.
i 100 yards in all directions
500 yards in all direetions

New Merits
AND FLAWS

Bioop Bioar G-3 pr Merir)

Somehow you've developed th
more lod in yourself than is 1
generation, You are a fi sage saturated
with vitae, and your skin is strained and parcially
split whenever you are full. Every point in this
Merit increases your ¢:
extra point above your
have a larger reserv
expend the than your peers can
Whenever you are fully fed, yor

ty tw store
mal far your

acity two carry blood by one
neration maximum. You
but you cannot process or
irae any qu
color, and other Cainites can smell the blood trying
Tosqueeze past your pores (ona Perception + Alert-
ness roll, difficulty 7). This can cause frensies tn
bungered vampires

Frenine Toncur Q pr Merrr)

This Merit gives the Nosferatu a cartilaginous
tongue through which he feeds. It ts believed to stem
from the L
The tongue cannot extend
the mouth, bur it does weravated wounds
(treat attack as 9 bite). Unlike the Kiss, this
feeding is very painful for the victim, [t's much like
a giant mosquito plunging a spike-sized needle into

nugh to collapse

rae Nosferatu and any of their progeny

wore than six inches past

Somewhere in yo complished a
great fear of Nosferatu cunning, turning you inte

immortal legend, Perhaps you stole the Pope's mi
ter or convinced a Laso bo

past, you

dhe actu:
possessed a reflection that looked just like you
Regardless, your one exploit has marked you in the
annals of clan history, and it's unlikely the legend
will die during your existerice. Asa resu on gain
two dice in any social interaction with other

ROOK TWO: LEPERS


tatu based on sturus (Intimidation, Leader-
ete.). Unfortunately, all ather actions and
exploits are m ainst this one great
ni. Nothing you do can equal to that

of greamne'

one momen ounger Nosferatu

stantly € vapering a outdo y

Moruer's Mik
Raw Soar:
INHERITING
DEFORMITIES

Nosteratt often inherit deformities and
from their sires and pass these same dis

bilities
urements

on to their childer. Specific malformation

thus
ye back to the Methuselahs and elders

These are not bloodlines,

but fami xed down through blood hered-
ity; they d
There

ges. The most common in Europe are those
nded from the Maer h, most of whom are
Idheaded with moth-earen lobes and disinte-
grated nostrils, Baba Yaga's childer, more commen,
in the Slavic cast, are badly twisted in mockery of
larly. Larvae Nosferatu look like lam.
prey Volsi Cainites are twisted giants, Parisi
possess almost jellyfish-like skin, and L

re a wide variety of such deformed

age. Si

ene re

URELICIS SANGUINIS 4

These inherited deformities are not uniform
however. Euch childe adds another layer of hortor
and inhumanity ro the Nosferatu repertoir
hhags; bloated whales of flesh, and salt-encrusted
beastall pop up in the clan. The dominant deformi-
ties are just the general trends among the wretch
of Caine

To facilitate character creation, following is a
list of recommended Merits and Flaws for the
Nosferatu broods mentioned in this chapter. All
are nar choc, although sone dedivids
als may not have all these traits. Some of these
traitsappear in Clanbook: Nosferatu for Vampi
The Masquerade

* Fossori (Rome): Acute Sense (I pt Merit),
Celestial Attunement (1 pt Merit), Enemy Brood (3
pt Flaw), Legendary Accomplishment: The Cats
combs (3 pt Merit), Territorial (2 pt Flaw)

* Larvae (Balkans): Efficient Digestion (3 pt
Merit), Feeding Tongue (2 pc Merit), Gaping Maw
(2 pt Merit), Territorial (2 pt Flaw), Uneducated
{5 pt Flaw)

* Parisii (Paris): Institutional Contra
(4 pt Merit), Putrescent (4 pt Flaw), Sh
(2 pt Merit), Territorial (2 pt Flaw)

* Lazarene (Constantinople and Parts of Eus
rope): Code of Honor (1 pr Merit), Higher Purpose
(1 pt Merit), Leper (I pt Flaw), Stench (1 pt Flaw)

* Volsi (Western Empire): Hug
Merit), Notoriety (3 pt Flaw), B
Slimy (I pt Merit),
pt Flaw)

Masons
ep Unseen

(4 pe
ine (1 pt Merit),
cench (1 pt Flaw), Territorial (2


0

al Lope

ADVISOR OF
INTRIGUES

Your pry boll mond, butkeepicareful watch
mer. He partakes of the Serpents' council andl
vould stick a forked knife in your back given reason.
Prelude: Born the sale
you grew up within the courts of Adrianople, watching
\de of Byzantine politics. Tr

low of Constantinople's true

ugh of a minor Level,

and learning the

family was a mere sh

inasters, but they were headless nonetheless. Still, heir
did not save them when the Crusades swept

y tothe He

Armed with God's blessing, the

Crusaders stole and pillaged with

through your city on the w

Papal outhority. They were not
theonlym

of flayed skin arid
spied you one
and decided you

you in the darkness, then
your youth by

sinking his rorting fange

into your throar. Power, 24

Wealth and beauty were

fj

lost to you in that
moment. Ina panic, as
the disease gripped and

tipped through you, you

then fled far
than you'd ever been.
De

F west

Concept
spite c
condition, you 3
but

could nothe
the ¢
That's when you

hoticed — several

us Legion

noblemen plowing against a your

skill. You warned the young man,

aVenttue. Impressed with

took you on as see

hhim, and keep watch
Roleplaying Hints: Bereft of the qualities of life

you'd hecome aces are agh

envy and anger Still your grasp of By

and your Nosferatu gifts make you a priceless ally. Ir

another time and ano

lord of promising
nly to discover hie
ur initiativesmnd talent, he
audvisor und spy. Now you serve

nthe courts from the shadows.

ver place, you would have made

a fine Ventrue. Your patron has said ts nc, but you
embarrass

ivated by

steal

know your current condition causes hi
ment. That'swhy youarehissecret. Pat

revenge and partly by concern for your patte
and plot men into early graves. Y
are, and if you cannot prove iti

better than they
heaury, you will do sc
in ability

Equipment: Clothingof your nol
tatvere), a dager, heitloos

n (now it


BROTHER TO
‘WOLVES

tow can you call yourself Nosferatu and walk
ann reid in mortal shit? We are husuers; we don't
auillow in the waste uf our prey!

Prelude: Your farnily had always lived in the wild-
esthearts of Russia nd eilled upon the ancient gods of
the land. Even when Christianity forced the local lords
anwl Kings 00 bow dower before Christ, you mumbled
through theirprayersand continued worshipping Perun
the Thunderbolt. The iey forests
mountains formed your world, and it had no place
god who couldn't stop bleeding.

Quote:
1

nid snoW-€oW

One night, you hunted into
returning home. Ir was then you realized you were

being hounded. You spent the eventide hiding jn the

Neither of yc
either dive into
it would dat

id, for you would
ts filthy claws, or

pear whenever you
were about to
strike. Fie
nuly, aftera

it of this
game. it am-
bushed you
and nearly bir
your head off
It-was the
most plea
surable
sen
you'd
experience
You moaned

Yarilo, the

this kind of
warm, this

God of Joy's name for only he could
bliss. You didn't realize death felt th
comfortable. The cr with
that split the sky and muttered "Not many of Perun's
children are left, believer. Doesa moist ake you,
or do IP

‘Was there ever a doubt!

Concept: You were born to the wild, and you died
in the wild, Is there nothing more firting than continu
ing your existence there? You are a wild Nosferatu and
ins. A.
fil you

this, despite

raw of teeth

the thrill of this wild abande

with utter joy. There is no better life th
your shattered countenance. Your fice is 9 small piv
tance for suck: power

Roleplaying Hints: You're new to this vam
experience, but you relish every sensation. You me
like the wolf, see like the eagle and swim like the
breathless fish, Your existenc
you are the legacy of the pr

Equipment: Bartle


CRUSADER OF YIMA

Quote: Tell me, have you heard of the legend of Yirma?
No? Then paint me to Saint Foy's abbey in Aquitaine,
fethaps che monks there can be of
Prelude: Following the Third Crusa
fen of the German army that
Beirut, bringing them under the crass. Unfortunately,
upon word of Emperor Henry V1's death, the German
army collapsed and scartered co the winds. With the
bonts te Cyprus till, your band bid ina trade caravan
hound northward for Antioch. Saracen raiders ann

tushed the evravisn outside of Tripoli
While your comrades tried escaping the fierec
nighttime taid felt obligated to remain and
fight alongside the overwhelmed merchants. One by
‘one, men and women died alungside you, Some weren'
even old enough to wield a sword properly, but they
sill perished bravely. Finally, you succumbed to the
your back, arms and legs. You fell On:
ut later awoke to a foul stank in yo

nly 9 bitter wash of

slime std down your
throat and set your sou
That's when th
truly began,
Concept:
lowly, you

ome help.

nostrils

ing back
West, Your
sire was a
Wretched
beast who
abandoned
You when you
failed to tum
your back on
yourhonor. His
only gift wae @
mocking tale of
Yimna, burthat

ch. Yama is
the cure t
cursed. €
but
where to hegin. So
you seek our the
elders of your

jour

clan, hoping to question them ubout this p

il: Although the Lord isstill in your heart, yout know
your salvation lies in uncovering the womb of this
sleeping Nosferatu ancient

Roleplaying Hint
because of your comps
universe is
isa driving un

Youwere ptly Enibraced
reward, then the
Still, the legend of Vir
ang. you wonder whether its
desire to uncover hitn, or someboxly else who hiss forceal
you upon this quest. Could ir be you're a pawn in
sanother's now riot, but perhaps you
ule some answers — if he hadn'
into the Synan night, Only the journey will reveal that

to you.

could pre

evond and piccemenl armer

ima language
you don't understand


WANDER: STRUCK
NEONATE

‘Quote: Oh, what's in there pray-tel? Tavon't be meme
A moment
Prolus
tavern, yourdemand for payment was met with adrawn,
sword. That should have been the end of you, but
rething dropped down from the roattop and sank its
ker. Off tu the: mee, you heard
thesnarlingofsomething inhuman. Yoursavior drained!
your patton, and stumbled off into the darkness,
a rotten stench in his wake. He was badly injured
You don't kno
bur you went

appeared |

feer pleasuring patron behind aGenean

whar overcame you that e
mure's aid, even though he

rous beyond imagining and the snarling
closer. You helped him into a stable and
with horse manure to hide his scent. The
for whitever monster stalked the night
drifted by the doors and never entered. You cared for
Absaite, your with sume of your blood and

the cre:

covered hi
ploy worke

repaid you with im
mortality and warned
You never to renarn
to Geno, for the
east thatstalked
him hunted vou
as well now

Concept:
As mortal,
your
prison
Now that
Absaire

d

youfrom the
shackles of

infinite ew:
shout the

are an explorer and inquisitive as to the ways of
Europe. Clan hatreds mean nothing to you, $0 yout
eagerly greet other Cainites as brothers and sisters
Only when the Beast growlk in your belly do. you
think this new life may indeed be cursed
Roleplaying Hints: So your appearance tsnaged,
whar of it? You've heen a pariah for most your lif
despite your mortal form, and look where that broug
you. You are reborn, and possess a sensuality to your
horror that you never thought possible. You can look
like whomever you please and walk places where only
the shadows know of your passing. While living you
werea ghost hecause it was imposed upon you. Outhere
you are spirit by choice.
dipmeat: The clothes on yourback, adag
the coins you juse stole


October $1, 2000

Fools don't even see what's in front of them. The journal
fragments I've found are #11 annotated with a special brand
of medieval pap. The unnamed researcher, and Rasalon the
author, both speak of the Nictuku as agents of various
Methuselans and elders. They speak as if the title were
nothing but that, instead of a far older story my medieval
predecessors simply appropriated. Just because you call
yourself the bogeyman, doesn't mean he isn't really out there.

The Nictuku stalk us and to say otherwise 1s idiotic. Thay
talk of the legend of Yima without even understanding it. an
ancient clanmate free of the curse of disfigurement and
waiting under the earth? Don't thay understand that'a just
another story of the Nictuku? What would a flawless ancestor
do but destroy his vile cousins?

They are so naive.

lebdros

PS: There are references in the Journal to e "Brother
Amtanin! who appears to have been an associate of Rasalua
Androvikus, But I can find no mention of such an associate
anywhere else, and I have very complete records of that dead
lineage thanks to Vykos' little exchange back in ‘24. The
journal's author aven says that the line is dead in = note

to Asianin, supposedly = member of that line. Who is this
Antanin?



+

"Stop! Seize hirn.."

That is all Gnatole could hear
asthe led dDovon winding streets
ict vane THUD and sriovwe Me

could feel tiny cuts int his leet as
he can though frees ir Ig, puddles:
each a miniatuce rmiave filled
woth cazeoc shacp texts ol eve.
ing ice, biting Seepandhard voith
each stride.

Behind him, the grotesque
sShadeoves of his pursuers dogged
him 4 Ai ing mob that rie

Lt and anger Gnatole ran
rom the shadows. not the
wintces henchmen, because he
Breve ae furtsedD beneath
them, and they were gaining
ground Then ee bovien for
PHL AND warted cecenge.


Fear is madness, Anatole thought to himself as he
ventured deeper and deeper into the city, into its
Roman and ruined heart, He let chance and luck take
thin where tt may, knowing providence guided himand
that God would not abandon his instrument — not
tonight. Behind him, the prince's henchmen and their
shudows followed.

Prince Rudolf of Prague wanted nothing to do with
Anatole; hisenvoysmade that clear enough. What was
he afraid off If it was madness, then it was already t00.
lute because it aeethed in his city, It called to Anatole.
But that was it: madness and fear of madness. So afraid
of it were they that the prince and his subjects spiraled
into its depths,

Anatole recalled how the local Cainires had leered
from behind windows and shadows as he had entered
Prague. Hidden from view, orso they thought, they had
watched him, ufraid 9 even cross his path for fear of
contracting hiv malness—as if they could be so lucky.

Proud Brijah found excuses to be out of town and
lofty Toreador whispered that mongrelssuchas Anatole
should not be volcrated dy this civilised age, The wiser
Cainites said nothing, bur thetr fear was equally pal-
pable. The prince himself refused tosee Anatole, on the
pretext of pressing matters,even though the Malkavian
brought a message from Lucita and her Magister supe=
rior — such a breach of etiquette would not be easily

otten. Anatole savored the feat his divine lunacy
caused in others. It meant they glimpsed the terrible
light of God through him, that he was His messenger
andherald, a mercenary of the Wordand nothing more.
The Cainites feared their own damnation and judg-
mene at his hands.

And then the-rumors had started. By the second
night, the Tremere Ardan's apprentice was found dead
and! the Zealot Ecaterina's new childe was nothing but
ash — but Anatole had nothing to. do with these
mysteries. There was something else lurking in the
night, and it had called for him from its slumber:

Arua fle sls teelow bisa: Ele! osans
thisbefore,and knew whut furor was next. Thiswaaswhy
Anat ning now , and the faster he ran the
more the streets and cobblestanes bled into one. Sean,

a» swimming in a maze of narrow streets and

lleyways—cavernsand tombs where secrets

Others would admie they were lost. Anatole,

however, felethe call that beckoned him andso he went
dvepet and deeper into Prague.

was ru

LIRELLUS SANGUINIS 4

He stopped hours later invan oli section of the city
Ruins and hovels surrounded him, He could see a
colony of lepers housed in one of che tenements. They
werenot afraid and this gave him pause. Moments later
thetwo henchmen were upon him, leaping from behind
collapsed column. Bureven distractes), Anuirole moved
with divine swiftness, and his sword, eusted and scarred
slashed through one of the guards before he was even
aware he was being attacked. Steam from the warm
carcass, ripe with the metallic stench of blood, envel
oped Anatole. He felt his Beast stir and how! for more;
he could not resist. From behind him, the second
henchmen swung his axc deep into Anatole's shoulder
ashe fed

Anatole bellowed with rage and plowed into the
second guar, running him chrough until his ribs burst
like thorns from his chest, Anatole rurned in time to set
the shadows ofhispursuersengulfhim. Their swordscut
deep into him, and with each blow mote of his blood fell
wo the cold ground

‘Wounded, Anatole thrashed ar hi
ing hindself cnough ‘time to slip thre
broken wall. He stumbled into darkness and fell for an
eternal moment until rotten timbers andl rubble broke
his fall, Ina haze of dust and snow, Anatole looked up
at the thick stone arches and columns that entombed:
him, Ir took him some time to realise he was in i
basement, below the skeletal remains of an old church

Then Anatole felt it.
silent. The very alr resonated with Itand called to him,
He followed the silent call, flanked on all sides by
crumbling statues and effigies ofsaints and angels, Thi
Geypts led ‘thrdugh a ewiating labycinth of sem!
endless corridors reflecting a spirit even more twisted
than Anatole's awn. At its core was.a room, bate save
lay, Only
the voice thar had
ted him here. In the darkness, Anatole felt her pain,
she was tired of the darkness and he knew only he
could save her

She did not fight ot resist as Anatole pieced het
rock-hard skin with his fangs. She did not move ay
Anatole drank in her vite, However, at the threshold
of oblivion she let out of sigh and with ie a single
whisper. "Why:

Anatole stopped. For the longest time he hovered
above his victim, her existence in his hands. Then,
abruptly, he turned nnd left, sparing hee

He did not know why.

a presence, ancient andl

fora stone altar on which a sleeping statu
it wasn't a stitue, bur a Cainite


orn to Madness

From the journals of Anatole the Prophet, childe
of Pierre:

I write to understand my madness.

Thisisthe sole puipure of dis record. To tluminate
that which consumes snd condemns may clan to myster
fesanad enignasolder than the land itself —tothe seeret
wonder of Godt and his ned servants. Our legacy does
noc begin and end with Came and Malkav, but with the
Almighty who cursed us, who destined us to unlife anal
consecrated all Malkavians with sight und madness.

I.can do this because | knove that, though cursed by

sin and sentenced to madness by Malkav's
blood, | follow the will of Gea. Even in our fractured
stave — dha J and insine — we are His agents, that
ost divine of powers, Just as it was His will to banish
our dark father, it was His will to bestow madness on
Malkay, who then bestowed it upon me. For this
reason, | must understand

Tonight, | seek thar which Mallcav himself cought:
toglimpse theabyssthat dwells within usall andererge
transformed, enlightened.

And so | begin,

BLESSINGS AND
Cases

We are blessed with insight and undersending, bur
we als cursed. Visions and mysteries haunt us every
night and leave usin anguish and uncertainty, However,
in this stor of voices and murmnuts, there are moments
of holy hucidity. Ir is as if something deep within us
reaches out and showsusthe truth wehave been blindo,

Everything becomes clear and we understand — the
gosstmer fabric of our madiness fades and we see what we

gre meant to see. For thar one moment, we know only.
sesasy, We sce deep into the empyrean as if we were
G's Seraphim, forever cast beyond His sight but not
forgotten, forsaken angels set arte in a sea of maxinesk

Then, when we haye caught a fleeting glimpse af

ur-delirium retums to shatter our
left with are frazments. These

part

out forsaken race because of our vision,
this vision that causes our dementia and brands us as

m others «

thod. It is bork the font of our blessed nature and the
cage that contains us, And as with our journey inte
living death, our madness begins with the Embruce

THE CALLING

We are chosen for the Embrace. That is the bord
thar ties our fractured clan together. Unlike the other
clans, we do not damn those unreddy of unwilling to
iceept our Curse — ro do so is crucl and a waste of
Malkav's blood. We Embrace only those ready for
madness and to be remade in our image. The candidate
may well be blind to his own potential, and oth
sce only caprice in our choice, but that
‘Thete in always meaning in ourchoice. Always. Weare
agents of destiny and divine providence

The truth 1s Malkavians can sense the seeds of
madness in others: We call this the calling. Like asiren's
song, the calling draws usto our future childe. Irreveals
which soul needs our hlessing and which doserve
naught but an carly grave. To hear the calling is to see
the divine lunacy in others, to experience iin intoxicat
ingand fleeting epiphany. We hear the silent pleas for
help, redemption and understanding that are the root uf
madness. Some heed this call ike a powerful urge,
desire hom of impulse and instinct, Without waming,
often unaware of their own actions, they Embrace their
chosen in a bloody rage. To oth the calling leads to
a careful pantomime: a game of cat and mouse that

ninates in the Embrace

Our Embrace 1s. rebieth, We are all born iito this
world innocent and blind in our love tor God, unable to
speak anything but babble. Ina word, we are horn mad,
touched by His divine love. In time, however, the bave

Tanguiyge of man infects und taints us. We forget cur
divine roo and its essential madness. Bur there are those

emember.Iristhey whocall touste Embrace them,

nite them with the glory and mystery of God
through our damnext existence. Ibis the hand of God that
chooses —and condemns — our childer. This potential
is rooted, sometimes deeply, other times juse below the
surface, in knowledge, ambition or sin.

Gentus, THe Mapness OF KNOWLEDGE
Truth is often enough ra sow the seeds of madness,
and genius is more often th k of dementia than.

BOOK THREE: MADMEN


petween inion
are bound by their mortal percep
mbrace and rebirth ean set them fr

The gifted sual
llessof t
are eneapeured b

under
lemn them to

GREED, THE MADNESS OF F

wd avarice erode morals,

IBITION
inthe process,
of their goals.

s¢ fools the error of

susintomadne
The calling sceks either to

for the hlood to build e

+. They are chosen

are those
our curse. That justias God d
‘econd City, we must destroy ¢

we build b

ied codwell with Hischosen,

Depraviry, THE MADNESS OF Sin
Ve are cursed. Evil comes easily to:
J dem

ud thisis why
e chosen. Peehiaps in co

withGodan: her Madmen anno cor
hend. Its toknow His a

inost depraved ean be angels in F
Embrace them, why thecal

deranged. They are remix
unknowable and 1

eniigmasafter all, touched by m:
Therefore, our actions shou

posi
ht. This is why w
p leads uss to sinnersand th

never be wholly compre

hensible and sinners should be chosen to show uss the
powe

Tue Marcu or Mapr

only becs
Malkav's mystery, but also bec we

and not dead. Our madness flows th

changing us, shattering ous senses and of

tone within our minds, For that reason, we at
not dead i other C

nant. We re forever caught in a cycle like the mighty
Oroborus — a cycle of endings and renewals. Like the
serpent, we shed our skin and are reborn with each layer

Our madness is not stag


of understanding our madness bestows upon us: We are
lwaysinastate of flux. Weare noc the stoneand marble
stares that other vampires became, but are instead
sand stained-glass windows that reflect a gr

truth. Through us, the mighty Tight of Gaul shines forth;
our way leads to madness and to enlightenment

Once Embraced and jafeveed with dementia, our
journey has only begun. We are always in:a state of
tansimutation, our blood adapting to our fantasies and
changing us within and without. Our madness i alive
ic whispers ro us, granting viston and revealing proph-
ecy. Unlike the dead breasts of other Cainites, our souls
preserve sparks of life

STIGMATA

The words of Jakab, Mystai Acnigmati

[have been expecting you. You who claims a gift
from God, a prophet guided by angels to illuminate our
darkness with light and purpose. You who have come
looking for answers and truths: to hear me speak and
sceal a glimpse of the madness that runs through our
veins. Lounderstand the curse placed on iss, s0 thar you
may better understand whar you call your "blessing."
Yes, [have been expecting you Prophet

Be warned, however, that you may not find the
answers to your liking, because the truth — lke the
secrets of Malkav himself —1s fleeting. The more you
seek it, the further ftom your reach it goes, Before you
know it. you find yourself last. This is the trap that
claims too many of our clan,

You seek the madness at the heart of our vision, [
seek u student and initiate

A History

For too long we have been silent. Thete was. time
when we wete respected, sought after for our vision and
understanding. Our delirium, fickle and saddening,
opened ustotruthsothersignoredorwhich theycoukd not
see because of pride and hate. Like Saulot's brood, we
possessed an inner-eye and like them, in time, others came
to uistust us for It, Myth labeled us mystics and seers,
Jhilesophers and innovators. While not all of our breth-
renembraced their gifts assuch, all understood dhe power
madness bestowed in the for of visions and prophecies,

Tonight the weight of these visions blinds us, and
like infants, we grope in darkness: and howl at the
shadows char surrounds. Weare nothing but madmen
and sinners, driven by fear and demons instead of
enlightenment ot vision. We no longer see truths, only
lis. see you think otherwise, thar we are touched and
Blessed. You have much to learn. Your angels do not

shackle you to
then you'll understand. Bur | digress...

Tue Past

In the dim history of the pa npies
and ruled over kine like the Ventre and Lasombra

trever fonget that, We may be outcasts now, bur that's
only because we have falle

from grace.

Many aveuse us of destroying Rome with our mal-
ness. They forger that it wasour vision th
inspired both kine and Cainites to build acity on those
seven hills. We should not lament its
clan do, bur see in Rome's failure
curse. Yes, he

many of our
reminder of our
blond might enlighten us with madness,

but this madness is both destructive and capricious

1 could spend. hours speaking of Rome, of the
migrations of our clan following its disolution, of

contempt for Byzantium, which replaces vision with
excess... but you know all this. What youdon't know i
that many of our clan were among the first wccepe
Jesus of Nazareth, that many Malkavians saw in Him a
rcbors Malkay — redeemed by God Himself to spread
His vision to kine and Cainite. It is recorded, in dusty
serollsnow lostbeneath the sands, that someofourclan
traveled in His company, out of sight but present and
recording the so-called Messiah's travels. It is also
written thar they recorded their own gospel, their own
accounting of the time of Jesus. This gospel is rumored
to have withiy it The Book of Andveas, wherein Jesus
speaks to one of our clan and pleads with him tw find
"ane and seek his redemption before God.

In the years after the crucifixion, our clan was
divided between the lords of Rome and those hu le
preachersof the Reborn Mallat, In tine, these prophets
faded into the wikdemess; preaching in remote comers
the world, and time soon torgot them. But we remember
and some prophers sull among us, teaching and
carrying ourthe Word of the Reborn Malka, The
among them continue their holy missic
but othersare lost in heresies of bloox, spreadin
notredamption. But, you are too young
own voice to even seek them out.

Ab, this is all history, and since when do- we
Malkavians concern ourselves with what was

Oar BRorHERHooD
1 fear — like the mighty Brujah and our Salubri
cousins — we are shattering, beco fragmented
whole like the great amusaics of Byzanuum. Shards of
tmadnessareall that threaten tore
whole. This is the ruth of our clan

jofouronce glorious
and your destiny

BOOK THREE: MADMEN


Thave heard say that we Malkavians share no link,
wthing to tie usasa clan except for the cused blood of
Caine's Oracle. That we are mongrels no better th

the Cainffand shoukd be reared assuich, Lies. Malav's
blood may run fractured in our veins, casting us like
ashes ta the wind to-settle where we may, but we share
a hand beyond thut of simple blood and linwage —we
share the gifts of vision and dementia.

Trucs we Malkavians are a mutable clan, ever
changing and fluid, That is precisely whar we shace in
common: We have nottitles, no hierarchy and often out
madness forces us (o leaul solitary existences, Som
accept the giftand plunge into the abyss that ts lunacy,
drowning in potential and possibility. Others run from
ivand build wallswithin to shield them from the visions
or voices that the blood awakens in usall, Fartoo many
of our brothers see our delirium as a curse, when in fact
aris what liberates us.

We do not claim to understand, such hubris is
providence of the Latombra and Ventrue. We
Malkavians, however, accept thar we do nor control
everything, least of lLour minds and Beasts, We do not
Question whar we see and hear, but aceeptall possibili:
ties. Even the poor atic, Embraced our «
who isignorant of hispurpose, acceptsthat he's privy to
scerets snd visions borh enlightening ancl damning

Therefore, we exist in the periphery and observe
thedance of chaos, divining what is, what wasanid what
will be from the illasians around us, Uolike xo many of

pity and

cour kind who cast a doleful eye to the past or hick from
the future, we exist in the present — to do otherwise is
to lose oneself to madness. Thaw

h weare feared anil
iny of our clan have the ear of a prince ar
Wor of a cardinal. Qn the surface, many treat us as
nts, No better chan Caitiff or Serpents. But look

anistrusted, 1

carefully and you will see our influence burrowing

below the surfaces

Yet our delirium is infectioas and often
deeper into damnation, Be wary, young prophet, of
process, you might lose perspective and drown tn the
voices that mark your existence until youcan no longer
n't. This iswhy Feling to
sasin in even the heat of chiios, and

Scop nay

discern what is and what

logic, to divining

why [discount visions as nothing more than hallucina-

Hionsobscuringthe real truth. In this, !aman iconoclast.
There are thaw in my clan wh.

statements, deride meas a char

but speak the truth. Lam not afraid to look deep within

would balk: ar my
ul denounce me,

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS +

and see there is more to us "Madmen." We fear that
which gives us our power and how to the weak and
ignorant. We hide from he truth that bums in our
blood and slowly we forget that which makes us great.
Maaness is not a curse: ignorance nd fear are. Under
stand and accept that madness is only a wool, and
enlightenment will follow

Believe that madnessisenlightenment, and youate
afool

Companionsum

We are not all solitary creatures clucking to our
selves when the moon is high. It'sa falsehoods a tragedy
that keeps our clan on the fringes where madness
onsolitude. Take heed, prophet: Madness liberates and
enlightens but spenul too muany nightsslone with irand
twill devour you.

(ur elan shares bond of brotherhood! and family,
though it is Meeting at times. Individuully we ire is
lated, haunted by voices and visions, but together we
are one —a family born of madness and the blood of
Malkav, You are never alone when you hear the whie-
pers of others in your mind. They tell you secrets, hint
aryourpastandhelpyou when youneedit, All Madmen
are bat part of a whole

Aid yet, madness (san infectious and hand task:
master; the kinship of other Malkavisns is not always
enough co stave off the cacophony. The company of
other Cainites. be they savage Gangrel or contempla-
tive Ventrue, grounds us, helps us tare oir delirium
thacwemay betterhearthe voice of Malkav. Thisiswhy
you travel with the Lasombra Lucita, prophet

The irony, of course, is that more the other clans
shun and ignore us, the mote our madness takes root

ON Mapness

To begin
world as we do. See how Malkav's rouch bends and.
if you will

you must understand why we see the

distorts our view of reality, Imagin
sil Lak .
world, They mistoke the inverse image of dhe moury
ulsky (or the mountains and sky themselvesand
Temain ignorant of their own blindness. Now east
stone into the lake. Notice the feflection shatter. Waves
late outwards, each a fragment, 0 portion of the
disjointed truth. This is our madness. Where atherssee
myriad reflections of reality (those true,
those false anid those possible) and understand that not
all is as it appears to be

This te how mc

one, we seed


TRAVELING COMPANIONS

Throw from the time of the
ulot and Set, to the
present, Malkavianshave alwayssought the com-
pany of other Cainires, Perhaps they seck others
te ground their madness, tor act as guldepusts
ves of delirium overwhelm them.
Then again maybe not. What 1s certain is that
most Malkavians, at one point in their unlives,
crave company,

when the ws

ry legend of a lone Malkavian, an
veher tells of iting bond of friendship berween
® Madman anid Shinite, The truth i
most Malkavians are not solitary creatures by
nature, but are rather cast out by their madne:
anal the fear othershave of it. Alone, and with no.

‘any, their dementia usually blossoms ¢o &

Storytellers who want to reflect this in play
can use the following optional system: Players of
Malkavians who are active members af a coterie
(such as most players' characters) can have their
characters momentarily overcome theirderange-
ment by ralling Willpower (iifficulry 7) instead
of spending a Willpower point as normal. Those
playing solitary Malkavians (or Malkavians iso-
lated from th
to Willpower p

ircoterie) conversely have tospend

ints to override derangement

for a scene.

Dy not be se arrogant as to think we understand it
all. We only know there is more. Our madness briefly
shows us the truth before the waves erash down and
down tis, The source of our vision, the stone thar is
Malkav's blood, ts also our doom. Look deep into my
yes young prophet: can you not see the waves and
ripples? your shattered reflection within me?
Dust ann Bones

There are scholarsand mysticsamongourkind who
invise we are dead —tmufy dead, That Cainites ire frozen
in stasis, never aging, never changing, never evolving
However, we Malkavians pur the lie to thar theorem,
We are thiid, creatures of flux and chaos. We are not
dead because within us, madness stirs, It is never pre-

dictable, never dormant. Even in th

Jeepest torpor, it
calls and fills us with voices and wi

ns, slowly chang-
tering our minds so that the world is
always different, always alive! In this we are unlike

Gangn imisce or any of the other clans, Where a
Ventrue lord entombs himself in tradition to prevent
change, ora Toreador artist grows bored with beauty,
Madmen find fascination in the most innocuous of
circumstances and objects. Out eyes and minds
attuned to the mystery that surroundsus, that infects
Compared to us, the other clans are nothing mote than
a memory frocen in time. Their existence sa lie

We see the world as shades do: everyone and
everything nothing more than a whitl of dust and
shadow, an illusion bound in truth and clothed in lies
This is why we seem to ramble and chuse chimera, but
iv isthe others who are lost

Tue Legacy or MALKAV

All Cainites bear the mark of their progenitor, Like
fruits ofa malignant tree, we curry the legacy of Malkay
nd condemn our descendants in a newer-endingeyele
Even though our madness opens new gateways, it f
ventsusftom evercrossingover, Weare damned, gentle
prophet, but to madness, not because of it. You will
ever see your angels. | will never solve the mystery of
our madness, We will never know why Caine cursed
Malkav with the delirium thar infects 1is — unless we
embrace madne
Malkav's legacy manifests differently in every one
af his childer. To some, bis blood is s gift, « lang and
treacherous path that leads to enlightenment. To oth,
cremendousweight, apresence tharcommands
ulconsumesthem whole. And then there
whom the legacy of Mallay is a curse, a prison from
which they may never escape

Tose Bu SEERS

There are secrets in madness, that is cer
consumes the faculty of reason, so often praised but just
asoften mistending and bound to imperfect perception
Malkeav's legacy sharters reason into a multitude of
fragments — each a shard of truth imbedded deep in the
svehe. To those who see m:
liberating force for which they gladly sacrifice reasor
Unbound and free, the unhinged mind reveals the
secrets of heaven and hell, Fortune and fate become
visible, like moming dew on cobwebs, and we ean see
strands of possibilities unfold before our lead eyes. We
call these visionaries seers, or oracles of madne:

Malkav'slegacy condemns them to plaguesof peopl
ecies and omens. Theirs is a world of murmurs and
seerets. Their delirium is tempest that blinds them to
everything except the truth. But thissame truth chains

BOOK THREE: MADMEN

but then we lave onrselves ti te

re those far


them to lunacy — the weight of what they see and feel
is too much to bear, Some learn how to cope through
rituals and chants, findings common tongue in dreams
and vislons, Others, such as myself, look to science and
logic, a means to st

jcture our madness. The unfort:

nate, unable to sce past their delusions, become lost to
thea — their divine hunwy eotsumies dacun

There was.a time when princes and Cainite lords
traveled far in seareh of such seers, those who were
respected and feared for their uncanny perceptions.
Thissame fear has eaused the ignorant, in these nights,
to hunt seers down and destroy them. The path of che
seer (s neither simple nor safe, prophet. All Madmen
hear voices, feel the presence of nur ancestare and
dream nightmares of blood, but seers see more than this,
They alone have the insight to silence theie ¢

and peer past its veil

Tse Possessep: Maniacs

Maxiness does not only come in the form of visions.
The Church claims mudness is che tmark of the devil,
masses, we embody this fiction nither nicely. We are
spawn of the night and we drink blood. Perhaps there
Jssome truth to this mortal superstition afterall — that
‘our madness marks us is the damned legions of Hell.

Tce you agree with me, mighty prophet of angels.
4s this is why you hunt other Caunites and feast an their
blood? Do you believe you are on some heavenly
mission? Madness, all af it...

Where seers are quiet and contemplatiy.
aire awash in fanaticism. Their minds are never still,

never quiet. Even the most clever und sub

maniacs

the one with no hint of his madness except the gleam
in bis eye, is zealous in his delirium, Where seers have
Vision, maniacs have
the sword, seeking

the spilling of blood. Far too often, in pursuit of their
lost tranquility. mani

They become monste

drown their voices in bss

-s become martyrs or creatures
mast decadent and de 1 porcine

even other Malkavians fear

Tuost ConpEMNED: MELANCHOUCS

To some, madness is neither a gift, a glimpse of
nteniment nor a shard of divinity: it isa curse. To
cholic brothers, our dementia isa markofour
the black wings that carry us and other

initve in tow, down into the depth= of Hell. The
melancholicsofourclan spend their nights bemoaning

snd Larienting their maxlness ns part of same heavenly

debt. They are prisonersof their own consciousness and
atonement in hopes of regaining that which
madness took away from them

their sanity

Perhus these penitent ate right, perhaps believing
that Malkay's legacy isa gift is true madness. Maybe we
re deluding ourselves in believing that our aberration is
‘partofadivine plan. Could itbe thatonly themelancholics
really see madness for the punishment it truly is? Some of
these moralists lash out against their madness, devouring
themselvesand others in an attempt to cnd their torment
or find redemption. To an insightful few, madness is 0
fallen state they can ascend from.

Are we not damned as Cainites? Is not our exist-
‘ence nothing more than God's punishment of Caine?
Then perhaps the melancholics are right in the ent. hy
denial and penitence, they are the ones granted true
vision and filled with true purpose. [f this is the case,
only they know

Livinc Memory

From the memoirs of Anatole the Prophet, chille
of Pierre:

On the thind night, Jakab spoke more of our clan and
the factions within it, further dispelling the myth tharwe
are ill loners and outcasts. Tris tae, he said, thar many of
our number choose to live m seclusion, but itis equally so
that many others look to each other for company and
protection. In our madness we are alone, bur ne one
better comprehends our torment than fellow Madmen.

| sense, however, thar there és more to us than a

bond! of madness and isolation, Since my first nights, |
have known that my clan watches from afar. | recall,
after the pain and hunger receded for the first time, the
sensation af a thousand eyes opening in the darkness
and staring right at me, welcoming me. This is biow 1
knew I was part legion, for we are many and the
many are one — Malka

Hidden fromsight, our
Ins mernbbers leew flock or hi
F asked Jakab about this, he ren
fallow

ined. silent. The
ng night he was nowhere to be four. [elt his
presence, however, enticing me togosearching forh

Actos the land [ traveled, Artimes, he lefteluesof
his passing for me to follow, A few were obvious like a
whisper or footprint. Others were so hidden it scemed
1 stumbled upon them by chance, until {realized luck
had longagoubandoned meandiay kind. And the more
Traveled, the more I learnt of my clan


Mapness in THE Dark AG:

In the medieval world, madness is truly terrifying because it is unexplained. [afflicts people seemingly
atrandom and targets the one faculty valued the «vost by the "civilized" w reason. To thinkers of the
time, reascn separates man from beast and is the foundation of civilization. For many, madness is the result
af a witch's curse, divine displeasure or infernal taint —all of which must be shunned.

‘The Church is exceedingly harsh in its trearment of the insane. Not only does derangement deny the
God-given gift of reason, it presentsa threat to the precarious balance and order of niedlieval society. To the
canfinals and priests of the Christian Church, madness is the mark of the sinner and heretic; it isa telltale
sign of mfernalism, The only "cure" for madness is torture — to draw out the devil and make the insane

nfess—only then is redemption offered. The truth is, in the medieval world, insanity isa sentence toeaile
(for the harmless) or death (for the disruptive).

Even in the Islamic world, which has more humanitarian outlook towards the insane, madness 1s a
diseise worse than leprosy, The mad may not be tortured, but they are nevertheless scored and feared in
Muslin lands: Mustinus establish dhe first anylums, however, understanding thut madness ean be treated
instead of pushed away.

Jnanage of uncertainty and darkness, order is paramount concem. Madness denies this order, and the
resulting lack of control is why people of the Dark Medieval world fear the insane. Madness is thought to he
‘contagious, an invadinggand demonic farce thar pomsesses the mind and body of those afflicted. Yet, madness
alo possesses a mystical quality, Many prophets and saints are infected with a religious mania — they hear

Is speak to them and sce signs from God everywhere. The Church, when it doesn't condemn thetn to
the pyres, venierates such divine fools, believing them touched by Gad (\sually in retrospect), The truth is
that the line between demonic and divine possession is nebulous and tao often crossed with bloody an
torturous consequences. If being touched by the devil is frightening to the nyerage commoner, being blesse:
by God is unfathomable.

‘This fear of madness isnot solely a mortal phenomena, Forall theirarcane knowledge and biblical legaey

Cainites ure as perplexed by madness as mortals. To most, Malkavians and their dementia ure # plague that
threatens to steal the last bulwark Cainites have against the Beast — their reason.

THE TONGUE OF BABEL In these nights, the tongue allows clanmates to
communicate with one another. Everywhere we travel,
we leave its arcane symbols, on buildings, by roulside
signs and in certain books. It indicates the location af
safe havens, warns of possible danger and lets travelers
know whose domain they are entering, It isalso helpful

Ihave learnt af the practice of leaving secret sighs
tnly discernable to thote of our clans symbols resem-

Hog nothing more dian stains or candon euchin
fut which our madness can decipher: Hearncthis was
cne of the gifts of Dementation, an artform weaving

rudness and words into. language called the Tongue Keeping our secrets hiklen from other Cainites
"Over many nights T pieced together its, Arbeit Madman tod me shat «i imposible to
AIphabet, though ie could hardly be calle ontr be, teach our language; only tine and madness awakens one
dhe the tongae I nova languave inany traditional) _20Uspmbols All of shave the potential tose the signs
irae. lesen like beteg able tracker the Ungering,  butasany remuinblindrothem. A division exssberween
Fmnadnessarcldlisinemecningwhercether, S08 ited with the tongue and those condemned to
"darrell jgnorance. Such isthe way of madness, fickle and expr
cious Hal not come tounuerstand thishidden kinguage,

Slowly, as I deciphered the tongue, I realized that
i 3 Tnever would have found the others of my cla.

language itself was 2 fie, a form of madness that!
people use to hide the true meanings of things. THE ORDER OF THE CROOKED Cross
Perhaps the myths of Babel are right. Maybe in the Onenight, Imetabsndofknightsandenssidersin the
past, we all shared a common language that tied all honor of Malkay, Theie armor was nothing more than
people as one, Perhaps ourtongue is what remains of patchwork, nusted sind old, but they carried themselves
this divine dialect with dignity and pride. Their symbol, a misshapen scar.
like crucifix, marked the hand ashelonging ww the Onder of

MADMEN


the Crooked Cross: Cainites in service tw hoth God andl
Ma knight, by the name of Verro St, Germain,
welcomed me anxlspokeat length ofhis order andmission
We ve Tray, That of Cane the Father
the one who ju actus
his gift. That of Malkaw the Holy Gho
sand ilhuninates, who fills nr minds with main
finaly, chat of Jesus Christ the Sc
we gave ours to the bl
ing our heritage
God, This és our mission and Holy mandate. But our
puth is long and hard. We seek tenderstanding amt so
travel to the ends of the wold it search of
traveled to dhe He 1 have bande
sworal-brethren because He is gume from
Our tenets are simple, and we
prophets and w
ty we follow. We
shave instructed that we do, We seek enlighten
se tt conddenmed Malkav and redeems us. We
dove by the sword because te i pure arul noble
Before dawn, Verve insisted I divine their furure
before continuing on my journey. {did and saw them
ttavel hack to the Holy Land, bue stop in w city of gold
"There tivoicé would eall to chexiv and asign appear. This
voice would consume them, welcome them into itelf
and this ss how they would vanish until the End of
Nights, Then, I saw only four retum, each bearing the
of the Father

LIENFANT Perpu
Few of our blood choose to nile over kine and
Cainites. But these who do are bott feared. and re?
spected, none moreso that the Child-princeof Antwerp
L'Enfane Perdu— "tbe lost child nost call him,
holds court over the growing seaport, content in the
jom given him by the upheaval in nearby Brussels
ignored, rather foolishly, and considered nothing
more than a curiasity by the dark lords of France. Bat
there is me L'Enfant than meets the eve
1 saw his court and it was no less ostentatious that
thar of Paris or London — only smaller. His madness
was bidden beneath an impenetrable veil of respecte
ability and wisdom. The sa
time and rime again — in our
an courtly

madness to lullothe
deadly manipularors


L'Enfane's ascendancy is testament of the influ:
tice, pervasive and subtle, that our clan wields. He
beganasa child Embraced hecause of hisinnocenceand
purty, but his sire'; madness quickly infected him anul
granted him the ability to divine the weaknesses of
others, With thisknowledge, he made hissireatooland
then wed him to secure the throne. [ wimessed, while
at Antwerp, Toreador artists and Brujah seneschals
upon the child in hopes of earning his favor, and.
a master, he played them one against the other
L'Enfanw's madness, however, hides a eapricious
and tainted nature —he has recently fallen tothe Road
c, he will be known as
id condemn his court to the fires,
sch. This Us laa visi

infant Terible'
of the Ch

THe Monastery at Siceuu

Already months had gone by without sign of
Jalab, and I thought my way was lost. I stopped at a
fonastery in Bohemia, home ty an ancient manachus
and Noddist of Clan Brujali, Here 1 came across a
Curious manuscript, « book with commentary based
0 a Babylonisn fragment of the Book of Nod —
host's most prized possession.

{almost dismissed the illuminated script, but our of
boredom I started reading. In doing s0, I noticed, over
any nights, that subtle alterations and changes had
heen made to the text. A word changed here, « passage
there, but woven into these changes was the mark of
Dementation. It was then { discovered the hand of my
sian in the clever forgery —woven so expertly chat the
lunges humid with damning truth, even though
they wete lies. These lics infected the readerand placed
some kind of spell upon him,

The Busia NeGray A Sk&LuUG MANUSCRIPT
Bound simply in sun-scorched leather, the Biblia Negra

byan Aralyscholar. Wi
ofatime when they shall be freeand

peophe
to keep Cainite

nit, the Biblia speaks of 67 ancient beings trapped within earthen prisons dreaming
claim the world as theirs. Of the 67, only 13 are mentioned, and Cainite
scholars find in the Biblia disturbing echoes of the Antediluvians and dite predictions of Gehenna
Scholirsreadinathe Biblia soon see avast conspiracy at work anal ean feel the
oid in the extreme and refuse to even set foot outdoors at night. Everywhere they look, they wee signs that
‘Gehenna is at hand. In time, the Biblia completely warps the mind of the reader and plunges her into the abys of
madness. Then the reader simply vanishes and the Bibs finds its way into the hands of another poor soul
Fra' Dolcino of the Skellig monastery wrote the Biblia Negra. A work of fiction fired by Doleino's own |
of Gehenna, the Biblia was made using the Dementation technique Madman's Quill (see p. L10)
holars away from true fragments of the Book of Nod. Anyone reading the manuscript is
affected by Howling Lunacy (Dementation level five) if her
ufilicred, the reader develops the following derangemen
ion (I must help them, do anything they ask), Fantasy (I know where their torabs
are), Delusions of Grandeur (Lam theit High Priest) and Amnesia (I had a life before the Bib

This is how I came fo know of the Brotherhood of
Skellig, all monachtand expert scribes who weave mad.
ness into books meant to enlighten. | searched through
my hest's library (and other libraries 1 visited) and
found the Skellig script on. volumes of Plato and
Aristotle, on Bibles and works of heretical content
Some of the romesare simple forgeries, but other: infect
readers with a lunacy that makes thet unwitting tools
of the Skellig monks.

Covenant oF MADNESS

The Skellig manuscripts led me back to Jakabin the
spring of 1200. It was.as if both trails converged. When
I finally found Jakab, not far from the ruins of Athens,
he spoke of ourcults, the. that sought the key ro-aur
madness and promised power and enlightenment
their followers. Cults both ancient and treacherous.

The words of Jakab, Mystai Aenigmatis

Prophet listen, for tonight you become one with
mystery. Tonight marks your coming into the cult, into
the ordo, the societies that have bound our clan since
the dawn o
our clan, each adoorway tothe mystery at the root of our
madness, each an image of Malkay and his disciples
‘They held great rituals where the very fabric of cosmor
was as sand through our hands. The ders » ite
‘ways to mysteries the

ime. Once there were many cults ame

no priest or scrcerer could pierce
Across empires, from Egypt to Greece and Rome, the
cults held great sway. Some legends say they even
spawned religions of their own, although it mighe be
closer to the truth to say we echoed, anid were echoed
by, the gatherings of human priests

anish translation ofa text supposedly written

af the"onclonte" Thoy beso

ls x Willpower roll (difficulty 8). If
for as long as she owns the Biblia! Paranoia (the


Some cults dedicored themselvestomysteriestorbid.

Jen toeven Cainstesand were swepaway by them, Soune
meddled too openly in the affairs of others and w
hunted down for their ambition. As with all this
Cainite, most of

both tothe

join, but each
member has followers anc initiates af his own — both
furthering che ordo. While none reveal the secret order
they belong to, all promise something to their ne
Malkavian followers — pawer, protection and
knowledge most often. While there are only three true
orders, these are builron the foundation of hundreds of
analler cults ignorant (save for their leader) of theit
connection to Malkav's mystery
L welcome you t brotherhood, Until this
the truth like
porto yo will se
with new eyes. You will understand, Before that,
accept the price of membership, We
rules, chee dictates that none may
re to these and you will reap the rewands of
1 greater understanding of the dementia infecting you.

Tue Dicrares

Ofthe rules, the fist is cardinal Reveal the

ionceal the existence of
and the wer see more than
happenstance and coin

sets serveas veil tohide ou hethood, That is
why not all Malkavians are indoctrinated. In their
J protect those who ki

of another, and th

The second dictate maki
madness anil brotherhood
Enemies surround us, both outside a our very

clan. We ate a threat, our vision and prophecy both

asone. Call und the order will heed. Be wary, however
of the first dictate — mask your actions of camataderic

J assistance with your madness, Todo otherwise isto

isk us all.

The final rule—

1 livine purpose of the cults. The

went of our leaders must never be questioned. Never.

Acee h ates and you are welcome
Break the dkne uit you can never hide from that
which hides eternal,

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

<a e

ra


Hierarcuy AND Rives

Weureall brothersin mystery, burnot all are equal
Age means nothing to us, only enlightenment and
maivery over our madness: While the ordo are one, the
tuth is thar we are like the spokes of a wheel, Never do
we gather as one, instead small covens exist across the
lands — ftom the deserts of the Holy Land to the
churches of Paris and the frozen steppes of the north. A
deacon, blessed in his understanding of the mystery of
Milkav, heads each coven, The deacon sets the law for
his wards — mystai and initiates — and guides theit
path co enlightenment. ‘The deacan is our link to

y, tothe mysteryat the heart ofourmadness. Not
thedivinity of the Christ Child, but the divinity of our
own lost heritage as gods and rulers of the kine.

Deacons are oracles and I believe all possess a pure
portion of Malkav in thei veins. [tis said thar shortly
before the Great Deluge, Malkay gave himself to his
closest apostles to ensure his clan's existence even
without him, These anointed few, baptized with

‘blood upon agreatrock, setour to createacult

ge t0 their mad father. They have become

true legacy, and to gaze at the mighty deacons
isto see Malkav manifest in all his fragmented glory

‘Mystai, or those "of the mystery," make up most of
the cults' membership. Their influence extends from
oracles, to kings:
and the Church, They are the Madmen other Cainites
{gnore, or even foolishly believe they control, and who
ave influence and cunning to match thar of any
Maguter or Fiend.

Lam mystai, young prophet. We seek to understand
madness, to unlock its potential and overcome out
Beas. Some search for clarity, others for power and
influence, bucall understand and accept the mystery at

Like all N ins succumb to madness, all
iccumb to their ordo, becoming one with it.
6, like yourself, know nothing of the mys
tery of our cult—only that they have been chosen. For
1 period of one year, initiates commune with their
deacon, learning the ways of the mystery. Like sheep,
younced.e chapherd to nurmure and guide you

Tie ORDEALS

Know then, there ate three tests to be accepted
into the flock, little sheep.

The first is sponsorship. Just as the calling, marks
one for the Embrace, one of the cult must first choose
an initiate to be indoctrinated. Over years, the sponsor
copea vigilant eye looking for potential initiates who
see beyond their madness. This potential is rare — few
ate so gifted. Those who have it are rewarded with

membership. However, selection is not taken lightly
for ifamystai briny i troublesorye iitiate mo the fold
he is punishes! and the initiate destroyed.

‘Once he is sponsored, the coven's other mystai
judge the mitiate. Out af view, they test him time and,
time again. Your travels over the Last few months were
these very tests: In every town and city you visited, a
mystat watched and recorded, Your mastery of the
tongue of Babel was a sure sign that you saw beyond your
own lunacy. This is why we are talking tonight — he
you proved unworthy, you would have never found m
Not tonight, not ever.

The last and final ordeal is beyond my pow
choven, you become one of the mystery in a
known as the welcoming. Fora night, you re ch
Your blood ismade pure with that of virgins and you ure
presented to the coven. You then kneel before the
deacon, and he beings you to the abyss of destruction,
and if i is the will of Malkay, he lets you survive and
immerses you in powerful visions as his blood mingles
with yours. IF you are rejected, the deacon consumes
you, returning your blood to its source and making out

Tre THRESHOLDS

Theondeals mark che initiate's progression into the

. toward becoming m3stat. The mystal's pr
toward a crac understanding of ruadness and
similarly marked by personal thresholds, These ae
signpostsalongour journey to enlightenment. They ate
at the roorof the cults. Ir woul he foolish en think thar
cour thresholds are neatly codified — we are mad after
all. And enlightenment does not come in easy and
ordered steps, but in exhilarating moments both intox'
cating and frightening.

The thresholds ease our tormented existence. They

eepiphaniesthatshine through ourfragmentedstates

Some say thar they awake in these moments, some that
the voices flooding them quiet and become one, others
thar they suddenly understand gr

nifestation of a superior
onter—iadleningin tseyclopean glory, You, Prophet,
might come closer to God and the angels you chase
Regardless of its nature, your Road and faith, illumi-
nares your path and eventually your madness. Our
ritials are designed ro challenge and draw out the Beast
so that we can better learn to control it and, through it,
‘our madness.

How can | describe such an epiphany without vont
experiencing it for yourself? Let me talk: of the Eye of
Madnessritual, then you may understand. Imagine your

BOOK THREE: MADMEN


madness coalescing into hundreds of eyes, all buried
beneath your skin — a suggestion implanted by the
deacon, Each struggles to see, to. open, and so yau claw
at yourskin t9 set them free. With cuch eye that opens,
your blood pours out from the wound drawing your
Beast to the surface. In your weakened stare, it can do.
nothing except recede in the face of the abyss, Then,
free from from torpor, you
understand thut your Beast isas much a prisoner of you
1syou areof it. Tounderstand that isto passa threshold.

1 cam say this: Master the Benst, adhere to the
teaching of the deacon and your Road ind you will
reach the thresholds. [vis like climbing from the abyss,
each victory over the Beast — which fragments our
understanding — brings us closer to the top where the
light ave

Catrs or Mystery

‘Our cults were once tumerdus, a vast pantheon of
\d prophets thar shook the foundations of the
‘ orders remain, although
ny covensscatteredacross the world. When
isdiscovered, it seems to he nothing but

another Camite plot, not an extension of Malkav's
mystery, Such is the cost of survival

NIG MATIS

My order, your future home, is one of enugmasand
riddles, By losingourselves tothe unknown, we emerge
changed and are granted aclatity that makes uspotent
scersand oracles, Ourlibraries contain rare and damn
ing books, and we spend aurtime immersing ourselves

he Beast and sevonuly aw

only three mi

Orvo Fi

in che mysteries of our race. We concern ourselves
with legends and mysteries — each a fragment of the
truth. We delve deep into what others consider lost
and forgotten. Each Aenigmatis understands that
knowledge, like mystery and madness, is ephemeral
and fluid and cannot be entombed in dusty tomes
alone. Only by opening oneself to the unknown can
true knowledge be glimpsed.
The Acnigmatis claim mystics like yourself who
higher power, but also oracles and
prophets rooted th traditions that the Church has
andl tine forgotten. Like myself, the Ordo
Acnigmatis understands that in science and reason the
roots of understanding and mystery often test. This is

ul mote philosophers are

toilluminate the dask-
nes with the light of science and philosophy,

condemine

why, in these times; mo

indoctrinated into our ranks

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 4

THRESHOLDS AND Roap Rarincs

To many mysuai, faith in theit Road isa means
to master their madness and help silence the ca:
cophonous voicesin theirheads. Thisis what draws
many Malkaviansto the cultsand why they become
fanatical devotees. Like the ancient mystery cultsof
Greece, the Malkavian ordo offer a path coward
enlightenment and (in game terms) this translates
to higher Road ratings. While many deacons de-
ceive mystai with false promises like any ether
(Cainite elders, more than a few help theirfollowers
master the Beast and, in the process, the madness at
their core. A breakthrough in this mastery of the
Beast is known is "puasing a threshold"

Many of a cult's rites and ceremonies push
mystai towards frenzy so that they learn how to
control the Beast and catch a brief glimpse of their
own madness in its purest form. More often thin
not, frenzy leads to ongies of blood and storms of
Dementation, but occasionally the mystai experi
ences an epiphany. In a moment of sheer lucidity,
hhet snaduess coulesces into clarity and she gains
better understanding of herself, her Beast and her
Road. Mystai pass these thresholds individually
and they are usually tied to theirderanyements. A
Malicavian suffering from smnesia may suddenly
recall a memory of her past, for example, Thresh-
olds are usually accompanied by an increase in the
mystai's Road rating. This is because cult ritu:
allow mystai to explore their darker side and mad
ness in a controlled environment

While there are no hard and! fast rules for
passing thresholds (other than good roleplaying)
Storytellers can allow Malkavians to raise their
Road rating based on their involvement in a cule
Another alternative is to give temporary (or per
manent, if they have the experience) Willpower
points after a partaking in a ritual or ceremony

Additionally, Storytellers may allow players
to increase their mysuai's virtues at a cost of
current saeing x 2(
members of an ordo,

stead uf 3) ifaluey are active

Tne Eniomaric Mystery

‘We worship the unknown and incomprehensible
We seck to obliterate our madness by confronting what
is unimaginable and magnificent — whether this be
God, time, the totality of the cosmos or Caine himself
Our rituals teach us to bleed our consciousness into the
‘world ofshadowsuntil we are one with them—andthen,
free, 1o open ourselves to divine potential. Te some this


is Golconda, the stare were we are cured of our blood
cune and our madness. To others, itis divinity itself —
tw become gods in Malkav We hold true the
inherent mystery of divinity. This is why a great umber
cof raysuat of our exdo fallow the Road of Heaven. They
worship the enigma of Heaven and hope to unlock it,
whether they call it Allah, Jesus, YHVH or Zeus
Death, the ultiniare mystery and perhops the ulti-
ante maciness, draws others to the Via Ossis, the Road
Bones. Then there are those who turn to life in an
tempt to regain that which the Embrace stole from us
— our humanity —and so follow the Via Humanitatis,
Inrecent times, reasyn and honor have become guides
tomystery. The art of logic and philosophy allow some
to contain madness and hence the Vin Equitum, the
Road of Chivalry, takes hold. By surrendering to rules
and decorum, they are granted lucidiry

POWER AND INFLUENCE
The Ondo Acnigmatis has survived because iti any
igust order. Our seers have foretold and prophesized
the rise and fall of empires and (or this we are hunted
down and feared. Truth rests in mystery, and power in
tnuth. We consult the stars, read the currents of fateand
are aware of the recurring pattems of destiny. This
allows us to divine what child is to be king and who
should be swayed with madness and promises of en:

Uightenment when none ate looking,
Our cult's home is in the hills of Greece, where so

much of our history sill stinds, though we must be wary
of the lords of Constantinople who x00 us.as threat —a
dhullenge to their corupt dream hecause we are not
blinded by it. We have also traveled to other lands like
Europe, we move with the
ne naturally. Jot

even in the darkest lands, you will nor be alone.

Orpo Ecstasis
Once you become a mystai, you will leam more of
the second order that has survived to this night. While
‘our philosophies differ and our goals bring us into
conflict at times, we understand the need to acceptand
aid each other, Of our clan's three remaining cults, the
Aenigmatis and the Ecstasis share an uneasy alliance.
Where we see the Beast as the chain that drags us
down into ignorance and base madness, the Ecstatics
pbrace the Beast.as the Beast Embraced them. To the
jwers of Ecstasis, the fury and passions of the Beast
are the key to unlocking our madness and achieving
dieinity. Blood is not a curse, denying ir and losing
control over it, however, is. Eestatics claim the Beast
fractured Malka and set his mind free, unfettered by

morality or fear. Only by accept
believe, will weu

The Ordo Eestasis is m
pleasure and abandon to quell the Beast. Where we prefer
contemplation and enlightenment, they seek action and
howlsof blood. Yer italso draws urtists and scholars inca ts
folds, where they love themselves to its Dionysian glory.
Creation has a tertible price for us, propher.

Tue Ecstatic Mystery

The Ondo Eestasis gives in to revels and ogiastic
rite, often succumbing 10 bse desires and perverse
passion. The Ecstatics do so, however, to-appense the
Beast and unlock its mysteries. They
Benstisw
facul

es us divine creatures, thar our m
18 our flaw and our owe madness:
dangerous, our Beast is
‘and rough it rests the ke
ourselves. Irshould come as no surprise, then, that most
Eestatics follow the Rood of the Beast
Ic is alo posible to find the rare Ecstatic for whom
chaos is its own reward and who finds hirnself on the Via
Paralocis, the Road of Puradox. Unlike us, those of the
Ordo Eestasisare always moving, and in theirgreat travels
many have encountered Ravnes and learnt the rond fom
them, Or, pethaps,even taught theroad to the Charlatans
The Ecstaties hove a darker side,
‘of much contlict between both cults. Second to the Road
of the Beast is the Via Diabolis. The dirk Festaties
believe that madness isnot a gift from Caine or Malkav,
‘bat from the Devil. They view them
angels cursed from Ciod's sight and falle
They listen to the Beast, whom they sees. companion,

Power AND INFLUENCE.

The Eestaries move in different citcles than us. As
I've said, they area militantorder and ply their influence
among thase who lave battle and are addicted to power
Tbelieve thar if they put their minds to it (a difficult task
given their chaotic nature) the deacons of Ondo Eestasis
could command vast armies and tule kingdoms. Instead,
they content theniselves with plying ti
corgiastic rites allow them co dig their clavs into those
easily lost ro sin. Many aking and Cainite lord has fallen
victim to the Eestatics' web in this manner.

The Holy Land callstothe Eestaties, In the sands of
Egypt and North Africa, they mask their practices with
those of the ancients, ensnaring pilgrims, crusaders and
Kings alike. Closer to Europe, the Eestatics are d
Uke ties to acorpse tothe many heresies that plague the
Charch. Their madness makes them blood prophets of
the Cainite Heresy

nd thie the source

a truly damning fate
BOOK THREE: MADMEN


Orpo MALericus

While you should be wary of the Ondo Eestasis, itis
the Ordo Maleficus that you should fear. All I can say
is that while there are those of the Devil's Road in both
the Aenigmatis and Eestasis who embrace ox darkness
‘asCainites, the Maleficusseck vile darkness. Both of the
true orders have done what we can to extinguish this
cult and its infernal ways. Tonight, only rumors of 1
exist but even this is too much for us to accept

We fear — and mark this prophet — that the
forsaken Ordo Maleficus has fallen to the infernal
swarm. The few we hi tured and tortured reek of
the Via Hyron—easily lured hy the liesof the Bali who
exploit our madness to their infernal cris.

You are now warned.

Tue Lost
BROTHERS

ae the memoirs of Anatole the Prophet, childe
Av une shortly before dawn. An angel de-
seended , calm-and draped by the moan. She
said nothing, but drank deep from me. As she did, her
mained ashen, tornow | could see beyond her
«her true face — upon her forehead
n. In that eye | knew silence for the first
time in my existence. Its gaze was soothing, and when
she wasdone, a whispered "thank you brother" lingered
where she had been but moment before.
Lasked of the Unicoms. }
a kinship that stemmed fre
but would say no more. Th
eat born e

d brothers; remorse at oursilence when Saulot passed
im our sight; guilt because we have done nothing to
avenge the fallen and had even welcomed the Tremere
as brothers, when they are nothing more than crim

ale. This chall he o great seain upon our clin,

DISCIPLES OF
MaLkav

The following night I met one of the disciples of
Malka ansmointeddh
Masia, |eought anawers a


Tue Worp of MaLkav

Spoken by Maxia, Deacon Aenigmatis:

Youund Lareof different ages. lamarelicof the past
and know, though my followersdo not, that | will fade
into history. You, and the other young ones, are the
future of our clan. You will not have the mystery to
guide you, and this will save you, prepare you for when
the nightsend. And trustime, young Prophet, they will
end as | have seen them end once before.

Isee you understand — maybe not now, butin time
— many centuries from now, these words will come
flooding back and you will understand your true mis-
sion. Listen ro what I have to say and then lea

Listen to the Word of Malkaw

Malkaw existed im exile: blind to the light of God,
condemned by Caine and estranged from his companion
Saulot. Malkav was alone among his kind, for Caine
branched him because of his blasphemous visions and
prophecies

‘And so Mail existed beyond, in the darkness,
accomparued any by his madness and six disciples, who

begor 12, who begut 20, who begoe 36. Ie is they who
bring us the Word of Malkav and his mystery. They are
the pamarchs and marmarchs of ou family — together
they are Malkaw. But there és mone to this tale

Alone they existed until, one night, an angel came 10
Matkav with a message. For theee nights, the Messenger
‘and Malkae spoke. For three days, Mallaw knew the
light of God for one last time

‘8y the end of the third night, Matkav retired and
told the Six shat the angel had chosen him ti bring God's
forgiveness to his race. That God had chosen him,
‘outcast and mad, because Caine was full of pride and
Bind to redemption. The angel showed Malkaw the fate
of ther race in the form of seven great calamities, sure
come if they did noe repent

Malkav spoke of redemption, of a reign of 10,000
years when God would javor Caine's get and not Soul's.
Avtime when all Cainites would be as angels, if only,
Malkav said, Caine repented.

The followimg night Malkaw wes grme. and the Six
followed his footsteps to Eniach

When they arrived, dey saw Malkay stand before
Came. Notas sire and chile, but as harbinger and
redeemer. Malkav said nothing, wanting only to spect
with his brothers and sister, His message was intended for
them and not Caine, Tt wes his silence that docrmed him,
Caine descended on him and shattered Malkaw. It was
when Mallaaw's blood fell to the ground, dashed spon a
rock, that the shies opened up anal the rain started

This is the Word of Malkay.

LES...

From the memoirs of Anatole the Prophet, childe
of Pierre:
ry to Malkav. The only mystery is
God, the true progenitor of our race and curse. We are
ssence of Gen!'s darkness, bur ony Makin
tomadness, We are
ess that validates the light. Without us, there
can be no hope in the world.
This is the knowledge that drove Malkaiv mad. We
are vengeful, tyrannical, because God ts. We are
tue children. He ts our sire. His ts the v
1us hear angels and the Beast within our hearts
We are the d
wayward God ash

ess of this world, east adrite by a
med uf His own children.

AN FAlpbeNDUM

lands, In an age of i
secrets ate threats. not ble
elders' eyesas they hide behind the ruins oft
they created. They leave usto the
and to vengeful
of power slipping face from thetr

empires
erey of the Church
ces who strugele to hold onto the
modied hands.
¢ this in the pain of the Salubri, What is
future like when the blessed are vilified and devour
when our cousins are made sito worms' meat?

Thnave not witnessed the ylory of Rome, only iv:
darkened remains; and s0 1 am free to see past its hes. |
hear Constantinople shines, blinding all ro its dying
throes. Across the land, kingdoms bubble like flotsam
over churning waters, yet most are blind to the
rising darkness. In this age, Caine's childer lose then-
selves to the past or cower from the future, but we
Moatkavians embrace the flow of change and chi
even though ns 6 be curning against us, | fear we
are no longer oracles, hut outcasts persecuted far our
vision and madn

LABYRINTHS AND SOLITUDES

Theworld isdack, andin it wefind placestohideanul
make airs, Unlike the ather clans, 0 used to ruling ren
like a dog does cattle, we have always dwelled in the gulf
between the shadows. Only during the glory of Rome did
Malkavians exist in the open. Tonight, as we stand ready
towelcome anew century, 9 e better suited toendure:
and survive, Our madness 1 is adkeptable.

BOOK THREE: MADMEN


ound shelter in the secluded monasteries

» Europe and the Holy Land. In these

fai toy be my he word of God
var arab li

keeps, we

growing larger
the alleyway cchan
the villas and estate finn
Inchts world, th places torus

our own kany and elders

{ moredangerouseach night,

and decorum,
hide, to carve
and these of

other clans — sqwuabt

sunong
daptability, oft fe of our

‘our bane. W
f the instability

wold cle

Yer, this samc
adn chreats
beeaus jores and
var bosoms. With each
indemn us: the sa
years ago, uavele
of our clan, We become
ed clan for the knowle d the gift
of madness thar infect

The other clans are
thurch, harried hy
those wi

not our Only worries. The
Je pyre
inthe

ness and I fear, in the years

i, the smake will only thicken with our ashes.

he world we have inherited; a world [know
in-time, I will make my own.

BrivaNNiaA
My sire spoke of a long
nia. According to him, many Madmen cte
annel even before the mighty Roman legt
ne che people of the island as oracles
chieftains. For their yi
mystics obtained a stale
time, such practices faded the'seei
the thick forests an sles.

istory of our ch

retreated inte

Thecomis
among our
Malka
out th
Ventru

night

ed adrastic chan,
Numerous, Ren
ons, bush
ther with the
tahlisheda king
shave since eclips
especially in cite
such ns London: There, my sire witnessed Mithra
wvians who at
the Ventre

France
France calls tous. Perhaps it is the influence of the
Toreador, or the many wonderful cities, full with,


hosilicavand cathedrals, which draws us here. France

ed land —one of learning and art. The

mniversities of Paris make excellent havens for the

more intellectual of our clan, as do the many quaint
villages thar dor the countryside.

In France, we sre loathed and respected both —
Malkavian jesters and poets delight Artisans in theit
court, while in the countryside they infect common
{otk with beresy and thoughts of rebellion, The south
and west, however, are not too welcoming to our clan.
Here heresy rears its head, sending many of our elan to
the fires of the Church. I've heard rumors of organised
tands of mortals rooting our and burning Cainites —
usually Malkavians made easy targets by their rwvings

France ie land of roses, tompered with thome

TBeRta

(Ofall che lands, save perhaps those of the Crossand
Cresceng, | lang to visit Iberia. My site described it asa
land in ux, of two clashing ideals set co devour one
nother. One backed by faith and conviction, the other
byknowledgeand enlightenment. He spoke of magnifi-
cent libranes, cruel lordeand the Mallavianscanght in
the middle. Here, more than anywhere else, we are a
clan divided. We have also made a name for ourselves
as spies, advisors and leaders fighting on both sides.

Iraty

Upon speaking to me of Italy, my site grew melan:
cholie. The seat of ancient Rome marks the ruin of our
hewlay. Fven naw. close toa millennium after its glory
fell, many of our clan hide in the mountains and deep
within the cities. They are still mourning, lost toreverie
and dreams. They were the Caesars and lords of Rome,
now they are forgotten and unknown. The Magisters
mmayrule Italia now, butin theirshadows—and of those
there are a grewt many —we hide and prosper. In the
mountainsand islandsof Italy, many of our elders make
theirhomes, content tospend their nightsalone watch-
ing the pal tine.

Tue Dreap CarpatTHian:
Okey homelnedl Lhnow
war bevween the Usurpers and Fiend threatens us ll.
Notbecause ofits violence, but because it causes great
evil to stir beneath the soil. This is why 90 few of our
clan make their haven in che mountains and crags of
—we know better. Thase, like myself, who
choose to remain, do so to witness and chronicle, We

are aware of the dragons in the mists.

hy Lbnow thats great

these lands

Doomen BYZANTIUM
Golden Constai
Heaven, calls to us

inople,wcity buileinthe image at

‘or tow long, we have been barred

from enrering its doors, but naw those sme doors arc
crumbling. [hear many of my clan are embarking upon

a great pilgrimage to the city of gold. Like flies to a
compse. we are making our journey there
groups of rwo or three. Slowly, we congregate as harbin:
gers of chaos.

Who better to record the death throes of the
grandest of cittes than those blessed by madness — the
same quality that built the city?

Tre Hoty Lanp

OF the Holy Land, our kind's bomel
spoke with reservation, even fear, He cautioned again
traveling to Jerusalem or any other city where ancient
secrets walked the might with «mpunity. Ab, th
ramblings of am old fool — fearful of the prophicey tht
Malkav latrssomewhere heneath the sandsof Ou

Hong to visit our homeland,

alone oe in

pulses with belief. I want two bask
Church of the Holy Sepulcher and fee
and His love, Then T want to roan d

ats Caine did.
Tue Lost AND IGNORANT

There are those who believe thar Caine only Env
braced once and that this childe —Malkav — spawned
‘our race, They assume that all the other clans are lost
and ignorant of their heritage; their madness s pro
found and ing ned. they have invented their historic
and myths toshield themselves from the truth, Perhaps,
perhaps not. But this ts what / know of the other clans:

ASsAMITEs
Likeustheyare consumed. They lose themselves t
blood like we do to madness. They respect us
understand the impor ners. We
sezpoct them and understand theie blooddhir:ty way
Their honesty is reftest

Brow

‘There is much hate berween our clans. The Zealots
seek knowledge, like many of us, but they are hound by
reason while we are bound by prophecy. Our histo
have crossed paths many times, usually in battle. They
still blame us for Carthage, but prot hey are, they
fail to see the madness that such a city was. Thetr
will he their undoing.

desert and travel

nce of seers and dres

bur it condemns them.

BOOK THREE: MADMEN


CappaAboclaNs

The flowers of death are a clan we share kinship
with even though they treat us with contempt and pity
They think death is noble and madness is intolerable
‘but fail to see how they are one and the same, They
would do well nat to pity us, but take to heed of our
Visions. Already the Earth rings with the sounds of theit
clan buried deep beneath i, and I fear, in time, all eat
will remain of the mighty Cappadoctans are these
forgotten murmauts,

AOWERS OF SET

The Serpents ate perceptive and wise. The
ourmuadnessandsee usforthe threatsthat weare. They'd
rather destroy us than have us interfere or compete with,
thwir deceptions. Thankfully, they are despised and
mistrusted by the other clans, atid we are left unscathed.
Imagine, however, if they could rum the others against
ind thats

tus — then we would have somethinys to fe
why we must block the Serpents ar every pass

GANGREL

Both our clansare outcasts and in this weean count
on each other's help, They do not s¢e our madness a
ave, but asa gift; heir animal heartsare not blind with
eason. When traveling, its always best to seck the
company of the Animals

Lasomsra
They fear us. We are a challenge to the order they
crave. They havealways been apetty and superficial etan
Y andare only fueled by greed. Even in
was the Ventrue sind us who founded
Rome. All the Lasombra did was tocowerin the shadows
while our clans built an empire from a shuky republic.

Nosrerara
They, like
shunned, Their curse manifests out
torments uson the inside. We would benefit much from
lopting their ways, for they share strong brotherhood,
Thave heard of too many Malkavians dying alone — but
never the Nosferatu, only we could have thetru

RavNos

Fellow outcasts, we and the Ravnos share much in
common, They are mysterious and unknown, Unforn
nately, the false perceptions of othershave tamished their
reputation. They are labeled thieves and charlat
we know better. The Raynos are gifted and eam tn
innaginary real —and thisiswhysomanyofmy clan search
for them, hoping they have a cure for our madness,

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

Saver
we sity Malkay and Saulor were brothers and
One eased the pain within, the other the pain
without. Tonight, unfortunately, years go by withour
cour chins having any contact. We hide, plagued by
madnesswhile they fight the darknessand the Tremere.
We have forgotten what itis like to be warriors. They
haven't. Our silence, | fear, will be their undoing. In
their moment of need, we turn our backs on them. We
eave them alone in their fight for justice

TOREADOR

We both love and loathe the Artisans. They occa-
sionally seem to comprehend our torment and value ws
as muses and poets. Orhers have nothing hut contempt
for our muddied rags and ramblinyg nonsense. Still, L
hhave heard of more than one blood union between i
Madman and Arcisan. There is hope for them
TREMER}

I fear them. They have haunted down our cousins,
the Salubei, and I fear weare next. The warlocks worm
their claws around the other clans. more adepe in this
dayand nge,and change the order tharhasbeen in place
formillennia, I know a great reckoning will one day be
at hand for the Usurpers. Saulot might have been «

soul, hut this does not mean his clan will
Je inte the night. No umount of sorcery will
save the Tremere in the end.

Tzimisce

There isa bond between our clans, though few are
aware of it. We are both privy to the secret knowledge
that there is more to our existence than the blood and
ur mortal cail. They seck release from the flesh, while
we seek release from the mind. Together, we would
weave adarmning web across the land. For this reason we
keep our distance, for certain things should not be
VENTRUE

The mighty Ventmie, so proud, so lost. Although
many of their young fear and condemn us, their elders
know that we Madmen make the hest advisors and
suides. Together, we have ruled over the known world
many times over. While this alliance hasn't always been
peaceful, we know that together there is little we ca
accomplish. Bur, as 1 said, che younger Patricians axe
ignorant of our joint potential. A shame really


Madmen, lunaties; prophets and jesters: the
Malkavians are all thar and more. They are oracles and
Cainite mystics tortured by divine understanding and
insight. Each Malkavian livichuial sand al
madness, so the clan seems to be made up of outeas
and loners. The truth, however, is that not ull
Malkaviansare rambling fools who utter erypeic prop
cies with the voeabulary of a child. There is more to

the Madmen than this — insanity is curve, bur notall
ate lost to it.

Most Malkavians experience moments of lucidity
and epiphanies that resonate with truth. Each experi
encesthe worldasifseen through a fmctured lens — the
ignorant call this madness, the childer of Malkav call it
lewight- Whether a scot flooded by visions, a crusader
filled with "divine" inspiration or a priest consumed by
unholy desires, Matkavians are blested.

They exist on the periphery not because they are
mad and pitied, but because they ate feared. Cainites
quake hefore the unknown, whether they admit it or
not, and Malkavians stand as heralds of all that is
mysterious and unfathe ble. Their madness is a
reflection of the mystery a

darkness that condemns

ans are mercurial and diverse, like the
‘65 at their very core, This 1s what makes them
intriguingand challenging to play. Playersare drawn to
Malkavians because oftheir lunacy, but thisalsa makes
Madmen intimidating to roleplay — how do you por-
tray an insine vampire, after all? While there is no
ulsputing the fact that it's tricky, far too often players
and Storytellers resort to childish. shenani

ify ie ae playing "in character.
1 least, defy the
the clans, their

stereotyping that shackles so many

madness often reduces them to caricatures. This scc-

and this entire chapter, presents Malkaviins ina

new light. Iroffersadvice for playersand Storytellerson

how to create and play Madmen who use theirdelirium
ot as a crutch

Voices and Ome

THROUGH A
7 Yox x
Mapman's Eves
When creating a Malkavian character, madness
shouldn't be an after-thought. Itshould be one of your
first questions and decisions as a player. Madness is the
sly has a profound

thers (especially
other coterie members), and how he sees him: asa
Jainite. Think long and hard on how this divine lunacy
manifests, A Malkavian isn't insane because she talks to
herself and has hallucinations. What makes her mad ts.
that she sees the world in a different, and ¥ lly
terrifying, manner — one that often reflects some
‘element of truth or prophecy. Toa Malka
move and slither because they are filled wit
Madmen see beyond the masks others hide behind and
can steal a glimpse of someone's true evil or benevo:
lence. Theirsisan ephemeral world filled with phantoms
and murmurs. Their quirks and idiowynerasi

impa
sees the world, how he interaces with

demons,

Gin game
terms, theirderangements) are only outward manife
tions of chis worldview. Lil
see beyond them and arriv

While madness should be mysterious, as a player

ust

but character, you
at the truth,

younced to know how to use itas a dramatic tool. This

is why you have to understand the sous
character's
(the derange
Caratysts

Chonsing the «

ness (its catalyst) and how it manifests
ents).

the firs step towards developing a playable Malkavian,
By understandin
betterportray her. Thisallows you to find more creative
ways (o manifest her divine deli

of her insanity, you can

um. Bear in mind,
however, thar chis catalyst és only tool and not the be:

all and end-all of m

Tren
Whether the character was mad as a mortal or
driven insane by the Embrace, he is privy 1 eruths that

ness

BOOK THREE: MADMEN


ever changed him, Malkavians are aware and
|, and this is the font of ‘ir dementia.
A worship this truth, be

lation is. each
profound and world shake
You should choose something truly epic (a conviction
that all (
ete)
nal and mortal mund ts un
tru
Suggested Derangements: Amnesia, Delusic

Grandeur, Fantasy, Hallucinations.

udness is neither a gift not a form
nent, buta curse anda punishment, Fueled by
self-loathin, sinks its teeth into the character
and de her from the inside owt, Madness then
be ross to hear, a sign that the Malkavian |
than her fragmented
jones or underst
srment is the source of the charcter's mod
incholic, this catalyst can offer a cum
ck redemption and the torment will
ase. Others see the Embrace as an inescapable curse
and use it as an excuse to give in to hedonisin and
cruelty
Suggested Derangements: Mania, Melancholia
Multiple Personalities, Overcompensation.

PowER

the desire for power and
eventually 9 ¢ lies and le
mnity. The seeds of madness
ind slowly consume the character until all she
ik Of ts power,
lyst of madness is |
ffliction, blind «
the pursuit of daminance. These Malkavians are very
ngerous. They don't sec derstand a greater
truth or to re themselves: they become true mor
However, in this theyare spared

ites. The downside is that few survive for v
their ambition eventually betrays tiver,


Suggested Derangements: Delusionsof Grandeur,
Megalomania, Obsession, Paranoia, Perfection.

Hare

Hare isadark seed that bears black fruits, including
madness. The source of hate can be anything frou att
insult, tofear, to the need for vengeance oreven justice
Regardless of the source, hate anchors itself deeply into
the psyche until it warps and nwists the character. Hate
becomes. drug, an obsession that can never be satisfied

not by violence, not by forgiveness. not by anything
rcter Ir shat
tershermindandfillsher with primal urgesfor violence
Andwhen shegivesin (asshe eventually must), instead

Like power, hte consumes the chi

wm: Thisis what diivesherover
¢ edge and seals her fate as one of the mad.
Suggested Derangements: Compulsion, Fantasy,
Mania, Olssession, Paranota

Love

Whether it runs between partners, parene and
child, or God and man, love fills the heart with hope
promise and bliss. Ir is easy c lose oneself to lave
not all love is healthy. Remorse and mourning can
poison it,ascan betrayal andobsession. Insteadaf being
ture and wholesome. Jove becomesa sickness. Ir infects

the charmcter uneil ir blindshim. Then, in desperation
and longing, he has no other path but madness,

(to death, to another

lover, ete.), or was tcjocied, And this festered into

madness. Some find solace in their madness, living ina

Ke-bclieve world where everything Is tosy. The un:
ite know nothingof love and seek destruction

if themselves, of theirloved ones, of anyone capable of

Perhaps he last a loved an

loving,

‘Suggested Derangements: Amnesia, Multiple Per-
ities. Overcompensation, Regression

DERANGEMENTS

It is easy to mistake a character's derangements for
manifestations of herdivine lunacy and not her lunacy
wself. Insanity isn't » curse for Malkavians, it's what
allows them to see and experience the world with
unique insight. The real curse is that compulsions, false
visions and paranoid ramblings taint and distort their
» It is derangements that blind a
Malk: madness

Derangements, therefore, are not meant to reduce:
a Malkavian character toa caricature —they should be

vision and insigl

tools. They're quirks and behaviors that help players
portray maxiness, hooks and guides designed to encour.
‘age roleplaying, nota creative license ta be a distuptive
‘and uncooperative player. If played properly, derange
mentsnot onlyadd depth twa character, they make the

whole experience rewarding and gratifying. It takes
more than dots in De

prophecies to play 4 Malkavian

ROLEPLAYING DERANGEMENTS
When playing 2 Mallavion, it us always best te
portray derangements with a subtle hand, Just because
your character is obsessive of paranoid, that doesn'
hhe hits to spend the whole session rambling to
himself or looking over his shoulders. Derany
ng matter how insane the character is, aten't always in
play. I'sbetter if they exist below the surface, occasion
ally (and when least expected) bubbling tw the nurface
What makes the Malkavians so feared i thar they are
edictable: no one ever knows what they are goiy

IeAtation of uttesing cteepy

ements work best if you J ways to mani:
sscquirks and subconscious ticks, Try to list
personality traits toepresent your character's
derangement. These should be relatively minor and
pive, even mppearitig normal until people teal
ize that something's not quite right with you. Ani
obsessive could collect mirtors and fill his haven with
glint of sunlight of set up a
is just right. A leather pouch around an
‘sneck, stained red with blood, could carry the
eyes of his victims, but he might never remember why
Be subtle. and use other people's preconceptions and
fears to your advantage.

Vian who always hides in the
es with nervous energy is nothing.

acai

comers
‘more than a caricature and soon the other players stop
ing you seriously. However, if this paranoia
wrof being betrayed, then thi
do anything (including murder) s0 that no one ever
betrays bim, Of the two examples, the second is not

only more playable, bur produces a truly haurstinge
portnayal of a Malkisvian,

New DERANGEMENTS
* Compulsion: Your madness manifests as an over-
‘whelming need to doa specific act. It isan impulse
eventually consumes you This could be somethin as
its crossing yourself every time you hear ¢
fame, oF something more disturbing, like clawins
imaginary bugs that hide undemeath your skin, While

BOOK THREE: MADMEN


obsession ismuch more ofa mental derangement, rooted
nd desires, compulsion is a "physical
rangement —a need that always gnaws at you, in you.

* Lunacy: Your madness ebbs and flows with the
cycle of the moon. Like the tides ofthese, yourdelinium
alternates between contemplative catatonia and fevered
mania. During the dark of the moon, a melancholy grips
your soul making you withdrawn and lethargic. In this
mod, visions and dire omensassail you, and.as the moon
waxes, they become more and more ominous. Then at
the height of the full moon, a fury overcomes you, a
mania thae constantly pushes you to frenzy. You can't
stay still for long stretches of rime and voices cascade in
your head driving you further into madness — thar is,
until the moon begins to wane once more. (Storytellers
can modify frenzy and Rotschreck difficulties by +/-1 to
reflect your character's current outlook.)

* Megilomania: You are gifted, You understand
anid kniow that you are better than everyone else, They
atc like sheep and you must lead them, You want power,
no matter the cost to yourself or others, Those who
don't understand your greamness need to be destroyed
because they lack firth. There ace tines when you hear
whispers and they tell you what to do, You listen t0
these whispers because they've always been right.

* Visions: Images from beyond plague you: They
come without warning and usally leave you spent and
worn-out. When they come, youentera nesir-catatonic
state in which you feel ecstatic pleasure, excructating
corment orboth. Duringthis time, you ramble incoher-
ently, leaving others to guess as to the source of your
visions. Once they are over and your senses return, you
remember only fleeting glimpses and fragments. These
echoes return 9s an unsettling sense of déid vu. You
mirely remember the details of your visions, and what
you do remember is often more frightening than the
fragments that haunt you.

Nature AND DEMEANOR

Madness, to the Cainites and kine of the Dark

Medieval world, isnot explained by psychosis or perscm-
ality disorders: Madness, purcly and simply, i» o sutm

leveled against the Malkavian by God and Caine. tn the
scruggle between a Malkavian's insight and dementia,
Nature snd Demeanor are guides that help players por-
tray madnessand the struggle toovercomederangements
Sjstemically,thisisteinforced because Willpowerpoints
are awarded wheneveraplayer adheres toher character's
Narure. These Willpower points can then be used 10
contain and subdue a character's derangements,

(One way to use Nature and Demeanor ais guides is
to assoclate a character's Nature with her madness. If

in passions

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 4

she believes herself to be possessed. by angels, then a
Child, Defender ot even Tyrant (others must listen to
the voice of God) archetype could represent this divine
"insight" and how it manifests in the character. Het
Demeanor then becomes what remains of
mortal self. This "memory" is slowly losing its hatrle
with the insight-dominated Nature and the derange-
ments that shatter the Malkavian's perception of the
world. So, in using Nature, Demeanor and derange-
ments in conjunction, you can paint a convineing
picture of madness

StoRYTELUNG DERANGEMENTS

Derangements aren'tonly toolsfor players, but
also for Storytellers. Careful and delicate reinforce
ment of a character's derangement can do wonders
for the portrayal of madness in your games.

Remember, you are the Malkavian player's
ceyesand ears, and this gives you the best dramaric
license to portray his character's madness. You
mustbe careful, however, and keep the character's
concept, Nature and Demeanor, caralyst and de-
rangements in mind, The key here is to talk with
the player before play, find out his take on mad.
nessand then integrate that into yourdescriptions.
If a character has Multiple Personalities, start
internal dialogues with the player to represent his,
madness, ar even take actions for this other per-
sonality. Slipping a character a note describing 3
vision is another way to integrate madness and
derangements into play

New ARrcHETYPES
‘The medieval perception of madness is that is
either caused by possession, divine insight or condem:

nation, The following three optional archetypes reflect
this trinity of dementia. Though they serve asa starting
point, they do not bind Malkavian characters; all the
other archetypes are open to Madmen
Srer

You are an oracle, prophet or poct of Clan
Malkavian. Whatever the source of your visions (or
Voices), sight and awarenessare your gifts, Madness his
opened your eyes to mysteries and truths both enlight-
ening and damning. You can see past deceptions and
havea fluctuating understanding of the past and furure.
Sometimes you understand your visions, other times
they are nothing more than constanr reminders char
you are different — blessed and cursed with madness
and insight,


In life you might have been a peasant girl who
heard the voices in the woods and went in search of
them; or a noble, bored and jaded who sealed his fate
with forbidden knowledge and ancient secrets; or even

simple parish priest who heard the true voice of God.
Bur it was the Embrace that unlocked your potential
Regardless of whether you see yourself as damned or
enlightened, itis thanks to Malkav's blood.

To others you seem detached, couched in an
otherworldly aura. This is why they come and seek your
advice, to lear what you have to say. Irisalso why they
fear you. This ic whae gives yeu power over other, be
they Cainites or mortals. In an age of darkness and
superstition, you ace a mystic and a guide.

Regain Willpower whenever you shed light on
a mystery or enigma, or whenever grant somebody else
a greater understanding of themselves, their world or
their actions

Maniac

‘You heat the voices, not out there in the darkness,
but inside you, They are all you ean hear. They haunt
you. It's like something deep within you is begging to
come out to play. "Why can't anybody hear thea?" you
ask yourself, and they answer: "Because we have chosen,
you." Sometimes the voices are benevolent, Other times
theyare vile, cempring and perverse —
when you have embraced depravity, Si
vyoicesand urgesis the only way tosilence them. In time,
your own voice becomes lost in their cacophony and y.
recede into the darkness of oblivion while this "new"
penonalicyemenges. Yougrow mtonothingbutamemory,
your body a vehiele for this new voice,

You might have been a crusader blessed in the
knowledge that you were God's soldier, or the son or

+ of an Italian merchant who listened to the

shadows of your dead uncle wanting revenge. Regard-
Jess, you are possessed. Malkav's blood has made you a
gore 8 portal and agent of powers beyond your
comprehension.

— Regain Willpower whenever you fulfill a goal of
your "inner" voice(s) that goes against your immediate

MELANCHOUC
Once you knew bliss: You stood ar the threshold

between life and death and gazed ar th
once in your life you understood — and then, in a
painful moment, itall came crashing down. The light
sceped away and all that was lefe behind was darkness
anid madness. You are cursed and forsaken. You do not
see visionsor feel the presence of the Almighty. Instead

caf God. For

you exist in despair, far removed frotn both light and
forgiveness. And those treasures are what you crave

You might have been an innocent in life, cruelly
chosen, ora king who knew no mercy, or a priest selling:
lies instead of salvation. To you the world isa constant,
teminder of what youhave lost. Youuure a true harbinger
aand prophet of doom, There is no doubt in your mind
that you have heen cursed, that all Cainices are for
saken, However, deep within your madness lies a single
slimmer of hope — the belief that redemption is pos
sible for those who acknowledge th

— Regain Willpower wheniever your actions cause
‘others to question their own cursed and damned

New Traits

The following are unique Traits, Disciplines and
Backgrounds available to Malkavian Cainites ia Dark
Ages chronicles

New Discieuine Powers

Propuecy (Auspex Foar,
DeMentation Leven ED

Forsome, madness isa link to thestormsof destiny,
and the Malkavian secr is a powerful figure among
Cainites. By opening her mind to the inherent lun
of the world and observing the mind-shattering pat
tems of fate (usually through the device of ritual
implements), the seer can predict the future. She may
be bombarded by images or simply gain, instinctual
feelings, but either way she gains msight that is useful,
She can keep this insight to herself, use it to aid others
or use it to do them harm.

System: The Malkavian who wishes tospout proph-
cy, must look to the pattems of fate in the world about
her. Such supposedly random devices. as thrown bones,
billows ofsmoke, the entrails of slaughtered animals (or
humans) or the very tides are common devices through
which she may see the course of fate. Although the
Malkavian oracle may do these things wordlessly, the
player should phrase a question or subject for the
divination. (Good examples inely
prince?' "What is the fate of my childe
defeat my enemies") The player the
points of blood and rolls Perception + Awareness (dif
ficulry 8). The process takes about an hour.

Ifthe character is seeking simple informat
receives visions from the seas of fate. A single success
indicates a quick flash accompanied by a dominant
emotion, whilefive successes indicate a true experience
setin the future. Ifthe character applies prophecy to an

BOOK THRFF: MADMEN


MApNess AND THE EMBRACE

Notall Malkavians.are insane before the Em-
brace. In truth, for many, exposure to Malkay
blood is whatdrives them crazy. Dementia issomie-
thing Malkaviansarealways fighting, alwaystrying
to-undersand and master. In the Dark Medicval
world, Malkavians see madness «s something that
has turned their ordered world on its head, and
they are left coping with the consequences.
Whedher they accep, or ate ev
madness, most seek to understand their curse, to
somehow regain what it has taken from them
their sanity, Not all Malkavi cotally or
obviously mack: some are stil sane and trying to
cope with the visions their delirium stis up.

svvase of thaeit

wiansare always ina processof evolving

g. They are continually leaning how

tocope with t nessand how to decipher it
In this regard, « Malkavian'sdeliriuns is hike lear
Everyday it makes a little more
esthatlettersareonly the
beginning. Realize that letterscan be combined to
make words —almost infinice in number —which
ean mean, quite lirerally, nothingsnd everything.
Thismakesitessyaeaplayertoplava Malkeavian
‘thar ig ptll sition but tormented (or blessed) by
visions and voices. At the heart of all Malkavians
isa struggle berween the remnants of sanity (a
and Road) and insanity (0

sense, but the

re)

such as facing an

action she is about to undertake
enemy or traveling through dangerous Land.
an instincnual edge, The player tre
pool and can spend them to reduce the difficulty of any
subsequent rolls tied to the action. Each success can
only be spent once: The Storyteller has final say as to

she gains
i the successes 2s

which type of prophecy is appropriate and can even
choose to combine them,

Mallaawinn onsclae often use thicubility vo tree the
fate of others. The same rolls are involved in this case,
bur wo additional blood points are needed from the
prophecy's subject: Ifthe prophecy results in visions, it
is. up to the Malkavian to relay theny; if it results in an
instinctual edge, the Malkavian must convey that edge
through cryptic warnings. These make little or no
actual sense, bur the subject's player gets a pool of
difficulty modifiers (as above) equal two balf the
Malkavuan's successes

rophecy costs 10 experience to lean.

LIRELLUS SANGUINIS +

Mapman's Quit, (Auspe: L
Tuner, VARIABLE DEMENTATION LEVEL)

A Cainite using Madman's Quill can weave aconta-
ious madness intoa work of arroramanuscripe. The very
swirls of a pen or brush, the Lines of a carving, the notes
of a tume or the tiles of a mosaic encode the Malkayian's
own lunacy, ready to transite ir ce kine and Cainive
observers. Using the Madman's Quill, Malkavians can
rake the target of their power insane or casily manipur
lated and deceived by the clever and damning forgery

In most eases, the victim is only dimly a
the arror manuscript is tied to his madness ar del

pawingobsessionsind paranotware common, but not

il or deadly, so that the vehicle is preserved from
destruction — which would end the torment. Only
prolonged observation by someone with knowledge of
such things will uncover the arcane madness woven
into the item,

System: The Malkaviin can use Madman's Quill to
embed any active Dementation power he knows (most,
except for Eyes of Chaos, qualify)
apices
power he wishes his character to encode in the docu:
ment or art p of blood

to a manu
snwork, The player fire chooses which single

the power's level, The number of successes determines
how long che madness will infect the item (see below)
The process take a number of hours equal to the «n+
coded power's level,
Successes Duration

1 one week

one month
three months

4 one ye

5+ indefinite

At siny point during this duration, anyone who
cebserves the item (except for the Malkavian who created
it) for ewo minutes or mote ata ste, isaffected by the
encoded Dementation power is if the Mafkavian were
right there (although any change in the Malkavian
character's statistics subsequen to the encoding aren't
reflected in the item's abilities). The only additional
effect is that any vietim of the tem also yains a deran
ment focused on the document. The Storyteller should
decide thespecifics of thederangementusing therwumber
of successes as a guide, but obsession and paranoia ate

ont. The derangement fades once the encod.
n passes; both derangement and the encexted

powers end if the item is totally destroyed.


cho successfully resist the
Dementation (he person rolling for the item gets no
es on the Demenration attempt) can examine
m to uncover what is behind the strange feeling
ception + Occult roll (difficulty 8)
rem is cursed and perhaps more derails
<cretion)

Characters

lity that can be used to
ny appli m n
be learned foreach power. Ireosts [5 experience to learn.
For Example: Miroslav, an advisor to the Vener
Christoph, wishes to poison relations beeween his
ick, Weaving a forged
asedly written by Fredrick — Miroslav
eighten Christoph's natieral paranta of he
nd. He uses Madman's Quill wo encode the letter
Dementaion Level One)

aver. It need not

a's player spends a blood point and rolls
Aanipulation + Linguistics against a difficulty of 7 (the
Surryteller imposes a +1 penalty bec

se de letter is
the effect lasts for a
Laver, Christoph receiver the lener and
¢ walls Charisma + Emp
ristoph''s Road rain
nce's paranoia surges and

against

be gains an obsession with the leter,
person always. Every time he reads it

in until the two we
ade. By that tm
Veninue are at war, of couse

ss ie play ay

psession and encoding

Vanisiinc (DEMENTATION Level
Four, Osrascart: Levi. Five)

Ieiscommon knowledge that to cross a Matkavi
istoinviteupon oneself af
and those who ha
Ing would attest to
‘of Dementa

worse than destruction
suffered the torment of the

f bvey could. With ¢

the Malkayian can catis its target t
wt, orunliving, ghost. With
erally fades from view, p

aunple word
ply never
System: For the Vanishing to
must lock gases with his victim
et rolls Manipulation + Stealth (¢
Willpower rating) an

ind curse him: the
culty cpu
number of sc
ules from view (dependiny on the

that time,

Malkavi Look
devoured by demons or swept away by any
ied, the victim is rendered deliriow

nothing except bubble w herself and seck

MADMEN


thesun, Ifthe Malkavian scored enough successes, this
eventually dooms the victim to torpor.

The Vanishing costs 20 experience to learn.
Successes Duration

1 one turn
one might

4 one week

r one month

New TALENTS

FAWARENESS
You are attuned to the invisible world of the un+
known. Through the cracked-lens of your perception,
youare seusitive to phenomena that others are blind to.
‘You ean feel the touch of the supernatural like a cold
wind over yourunliving Mesh, Thisisa purely instinctual
sense, nor the leamed sorcerer's knowledge of occult
symptoms. Whereas he might see the signs of haunting,
you would sense the presence of death and hate.
icv: Things sometimes feel weong
to you.
Practiced: Yousee glimpses of the truth,
hut they are always fleeting
‘Competent: You can tell, just by looking
at someone or something, whether
they've been toxiched by the supernatural
Export: You've teen the damonsia the
shadows — and know they stare back
at you.
Master; Yourmadnessnowmakessense
{to you at least).
Legend: You just know
Possessed bys children, oracles, holy men
Specialties: haunting, curses, the infernal

Bape
The tongue of Babel isa secret language of symbols
that Malkavians we to cammumnicate with each other. Ir
isnotan exactscience,as fanything Malkavian could be,
but functions to wam Madmen of dangers or to impart
information. Only those touched by both madness and
Dementation are able ro decipher Babel's tongue. In
particular, a character may never have a higher rating in
the Babel Talent than her current level of Dementatian,
. Novice: Does that say "Danger?
: Practiced: You know where to look,
and the general meaning but still can't
write your own.

LIBELLUS SAINGCINIS 4

Competent: You are fluent in the
tongue, though still litle clumsy
Expert: Babel/stongue comes naturally
to you.
Master: A poet of Babel
Legend: You invented the tongue of
Babel, no marter what others say
Possessed by: Malkavians (especially those ofthe endo)
Specialties: nome

Mertts AND
FLAWS

Buessep (5 pr Merrr)

Youexude an aura ofholiness, your voice islike that
ofan angel and an inner light radiates from you. Others
worship you, and even those who wane to harm you find
ithard to rake action. The true source of this blessing is
unknown, hur those who observe you believe Good has
anointed you in some manner.

Blessed does not confer the benefits of True Faith,
but observers may well believe the characteris couched
by God im that way as well. Blessed convey the
same benefits ax Majesty (Presence Level Five) among
the character's flock, as long as she does nothing to
break the divine perception they have af her.
Toucuen ry ‘rue Ancients (2 pr Flaw)

‘Old blood flows through your veins and something
about you makes elders nervous or curious. This atten:
tion is usually unwelcome and comes in the form of
mistrust, fear or obsession. Whether you want it ot not,
you are the focus of elder attention, Some whisper that
you are a harbinger of Caine, others see Malkav''s mad.
rnessan you and give you a wide berth. The player suffers
a +1 difficulty penalty on all social actions with elders
that depend on trust, because they fear the character.
GrossoLaua @ pr Funw)

Your delirium hasnot only infected your senses, but
your ability to communicate with others, During mo-
iments of stress, or whenever the Storyteller deems It
appropriate (such as after botching a social roll or
entering frenzy), you can only speak in tongues. No
matter how hard you try, everything comes out as

gibberish. A Willpower point can be spent to utter a
single senrence, but after this you can only babble fur

the duration of the scene.


CRUSADER OF THE
Cc ROOKED Cross

Jamwhat lam, thay
re ws m0 place for me

estion

LY
jeved. You Werea wan

an, butyoul
a child, when y
in the golden wheat fields duri
you, He st
way co adul

ved youn
ithood and

Holy Land

and hard, With each pass
ing battle, and with

fainter. Your

re |
\

uurrounded you.
You _ finally
stopped beliex

us you lay d
on the cooling
sands

night
and ve
that
you sa

Through the

Architects of aindneo

cethmston and death, jo lew chat it would

hands clean oft

final, crushing moment of sielin

‘ou are forsaken, cursed and banished

from God's light. In the darkne

hi

ther voice. This one
ter kingdom and prove thot }
a mortal mar. Ciexl may

anadnes doe
Order of the €
reddemptios
Roleplaying Hint
melancholia and fe
engulfs, you seek toinflict your ma

go through eye
deliris

Phen the da

hent like you are damned
mich, youseek forgiveness, to be allowed

suit of armor, sword, tatters


FALSE PROPHET
Quotes Its God's Will.
re even born, or so they all thought.
day serv shortly befor ur 14th birth.
1 cried out lo Il to your knees:
imingto see angels. ln trance, you prophesized your
brother

4 your mother's infidel

prayer (th our, of being
«cted und forced to Leurn while your brother hunted)
brother died

hanged. You never iw your mother

ain and your father came to you asking for mote

"cies. You rent to finally have

er shocked you to 8

visions eventually come true. It just reinforced your
nuura of a mysti

s atrention. It ne your fa

Until you had a real vision, A wora toyou

promises of prestige and influence. She showed
you the true power of visions and, more importantly
how to affect others with them, Over the niext few
nights, you discovered she was responsible for making
your prophecies come true. She bs
you and now Embraced you
tion. Of the consequences
you thought nothing.

‘Concept: If childish visions gor you this far, imayp

seen somethin
a reward for your
madnessand the curse

w+. Yensr father i

inewhat youcan accomplish

more than petty tool, adistraction. You have set your

sights higher and are pla To use your gift to make
your desires a reality, to carve yourown kingdomsoutof
Uestiny and prophecy — even if they are false
Roleplaying Hints: You project an nurs char makes
bothers believe in what you are saying
saintly appe:
other's misconceptions of your clan to your advantage.
You know what to say to whom and when. And when
simple guile doesn't work, i'sa wonder whar the liberal
Awe of Dementario

nce. You are more than happy £0 ae

A acewnnplish,

Equipment: Priestly robes, cosary, fine jewelry iafts
from grateful nobles and Cainites)


MIsTREss O
MysTERY

Quote: Come, let me show you something that will
change the way you see the wold.
Prelude: Asa wife to a wealthy: Venetian mer-

wi hac everything you wanted. Your family's
carried respect and status, not just in your eity-
tate, bur al Jediturranean. But in time,
enough and you started

At first, it was with geand

power and we ni
and masked
and feasts

jou drove your husband
hr, you used these for
ought more than
overs, and soon you and your husband were moving in

tu sate your own desires, Maney

es: Here you met asecretive group of nobles and
s whe) indulged not only in sex and murder, but
and power beyond any:

You were hooked, but
your hu nil was hesi-
tant. You saw fear inhi
sand this sparkes
loathing of him. You
were not content liv
ing off his fortunes —
youknewtharsoaner

or later even your

wer and J

estige. You A}

eed to join; you

crificed your husband
and embraced the mys
tery of Malkay

Concept: Pow
everything tw you
married for moncy, be
cause money is
don't have a

title

You maniputaced yourhushand
dl bent him to your will. When he objected to your
ised him and tured him with

this wasn't 1

increase your fortune

ult

Roleplaying Hines: Y this
is what makes you such a deadly manipulator. Everyone
has his or her use, Trust is nothing weté
and ignorance, love ny
you to Malkav and his cults. You resent this somewhat
and there are times when you curse your Malka

Expensive clothes, Medallion of the

Ordo Acnigmatis, personal attendants, villa in Venice


ORACLE OF
MADNESS

Quote: We have met before, this much am stere of

Pre » your past you remember nothing, not

pur childhood, not your Embrace — nothing. Your

back as the last five years,

¢ sure. For all intents and

ness and the Blood —
dkavians,

Asif your amtyesia was nat enough, you also suffer
froin visi usually terrifying and disturbing. They
erat deca, i's

he's eyes. You
ut these seem strange

vemories only stretch
Dupes, you

re born tom
unnetves other

se vistons, no matter how unsettlin
past and you cherish them — they are all you
Thar other Cainites
lictle wo ye
ong ind no wrong
can be done agaimat yen

ath

you, have triedtode
stroy yout.chanwe anal
luck intervened and
pared you. Iris al
15 if xomeone
or something, is
'
Cone
Your de
seem tt

hikeoths

es alm

benevolent force that

Mathawviars
as if it is a

you with
both mortal

laying
mt under:

currents that nobody else eit See. You don't question
your madness but do seek to understand it. Yous
nce you unlock it, you will remetty
cre'sa part of you,
what you'

‘khen deep inside, thar fe
remember.

Eq ravelingclothes, thick woolen cloak
broach with a crucked mirror (you don't remember

ave it to you, or when)


Of Historical Mote
Q 9 usteen

Budapest, January 9th, 2001
dan,

Thope the nights are treating you well, my old friend. It has been too lung sitive
we've spoken, but I have been aware of your rise in recent, nights — a shining star
for a new millennium. The Camarilla can only benefit from your actions and
foresight. There is an infectious madness in these nights, but anly visionaries like
yourself can help us see past the hysteria and apocalyptic nonsense.

Tknow you are actively seeking and destroying any fragments of our history that
spread falsehoods and fears. This is why I am entrusting the attached scroll and its
translation to you. | trust you will know what to do with it, and that I don't have
to underscore Its damning potential {f that accursed fool, Aristotle de Laurent, were
to lay his hands on it

I know, you don't pay any credence ta rumors and legends, Jan, but take it, from

someong'who hes lived through the darkness of the past; true or not, myths and
superstitions do carry power. Take heed my friend, your grandsire was wise enough
to Usten to me, and I trust you shall be as well.

Yours in Blood,


And there came a time when Malkay, seer of
Caine, stopped receiving visions.

His eyes went dark and could no longer
foretell fortunes.

Even his companion, gentle Saulot, could not
comfort him.

Doubt consumed him and he left Enoch,
Left his brothers and\sisters,

Left his father's city and left in search of
Caine.

For many.a Jong night, he was alone.

He would not feed because he needed to
know why:

He would lay restless during the day hecause
hhe no longer saw angels;

His doubt blinded him, his existence.a cage.
He asked the One Above to guide him, and
like Caine hefore

He sacrificed what was dear to him — his
vision,

This is how Malkay, blind, came upon Caine.
In the shadows of a sycamore, Malkay spoke
to his Father,

Because God no longer spoke to him.
There, in the night, Malkav asked a simple
question of Caine,

A question he needed answered to better
understand his curse,

Aud His sifeuce,

Malkay asked Caine, "Why?"

"Why did you cast your brother's blood to
sand?"

"Why did you cast yourself 10 darkness?"

"Why did you refuse forgiveness when it was
offered?"

"Why did you condemn us, and our children,
and their children's children, to betray one
another until the Final Nights?

"Why were you blind to the love of God and
your brother?" ;

And with cach question, Caine's anger grew
and swelled,

Not because of Mafkav's disrespect, or his
doubt in him,

Progenitor of his Race, God and Father to
them all,

But because Caine himself did not know.

Tn Malkav's face, Caine saw Abel and could
say nothing.

He no longer remembered:

The love that cursed him to darkness;

The words of God before his banishment;
His brother's voice:

Were all forgotten.

He knew that this misery would last uatil the
End of Days,

And this angered him.

Then Caine said to Malkav:

"Ido not know, Seer, and nor shall you,

And like my brother feared me, your brothers
shall fear you,

Your visions, and your burning questions. I
condemn you to silence,

The silence of madness so that you, like |,
will be forever alone in doubt."

This is how Malkay was destined to madness,
crushed by doubt,
And so he waits until Gehenna to ask Caine

ance more — "Why?"


of three clans for the Dark Ages: the Malkavians

ers, Merits and Flaws, and other traits specific

18 of Dementation and Chimerstry

ISBN 1-58846-205-6
WW2830 $15.95 U.S,

INU inh
