# File: Libellus Sanguinis III - Wolves At The door.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Res

Worves. AT_THE DOOR

Se SOURCESOOR FORE VAMPIRE: tas DARK AGES"—

scanned by chede
assembled by tbe_capucbin

for RpGBookz & scans bub:

point your pc to rpgbookz.no-ip.org



From the confines of Jerusalem and the city of Constantinople a
horrible tale has gone forth and very frequently has been brought to
our ears, namely, that a race from the kingdom of the Persians, an
accursed race, a race utterly alienated from God, a generation forsooth
which has not directed its heart and has not entrusted its spirit to
God, has invaded the lands of those Christians and has depopulated
them by the sword, pillage and fire; it has led away a part of the cap-
tives into its own country, and a part it has destroyed by cruel tortures;
it has either entirely destroyed the churches of God or appropriated
them for the rites of its own religion.

—Pope Urban II calling for the First Crusade, 1095 (as reported by
Robert the Monk)



Authors: Jason Langlois (Gangrel), Michael B. Lee
(Followers of Set), Clayton Oliver (Assamites)

Additional Material: Philippe R. Boulle and
Richard E. Dansky

Developer: Philippe R. Boulle

Additional Development: Richard E. Dansky

Editor: Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Brian Glass

Interior Art:Patrick Lambert, Brian LeBlanc, and
Andrew Trabbold

Front Cover Art: John Bolton
Front & Back Cover Design: Brian Glass

, © 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction
iy 735 PARK NORTH BLYD. — without the written permission of the publishers expressly forbidden, except
a SuTe 18 for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
ITE reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade,
CLARKSTON, GA 30021 Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness and
Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
USA reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the
GAME STUDIO Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Libellus Sanguinis 3
Wolves at the Door, Libellus Sanguinis 2 Keepers of the Word, Libellus
Sanguinis 1 Masters of the State, Dark Ages Companion, Wolves of the Sea, World of Darkness Blood-Dimmed Tides, Jerusalem
By Night, Book of Storyteller Secrets and Blood Magic Secrets of Thaumaturgy are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Alll characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
‘Themention oforreference toany company or product in these pagesisnotachallengetto the trademark orcopyrightconcemed.
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. Alll mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLE.
Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2


LKG

») x : "Tate OF Contig Dee

iegead
Book Two: vse es
Book THREE! sere rd



Introduction:

Movoto Use Tes WoOoR

This is the third in the series of Dark Ages Clanbooks — Libellus Sanguinis III: Wolyes
at the Door. This book deals with three clans who exist beyond the confines of what European
Cainites think of as "Christian civilization." They are the unseen puppeteers of the peoples who
threaten Europe's great nations (and the vampires who lurk within them), be it the pagan
barbarians who sacked Rome or the Moorish sultans who hold the Holy Land.

The Gangrel, denigrated as Animals among their "betters," are the barbarians most familiar
to the European lords of the night. They lurk in the very forests that line Ventrue and Lasombra
domains, feeding from bandits and vandals. But the Gangrel are a far more varied clan than most
give them credit for. They travel the world and trace their lineage to the distant East. They fight
their own fight and scoff at the pretense of civilization. They are the wolves in the woods, and
the other clans would do well to heed their baying.

The Assamites, whom European Cainites call Saracens, have become the bogey men of the
European courts. They are assassins and Moorish fanatics, dominators of Islam and diablerizers
of Cainites. But like the mortals they move amongst, the Children of Haqim are far more than
European bigotry will admit. They are warriors, yes, but scholars and plotters too. Some of the
cities they call home are more cultured than any in Europe and as far as they are concerned, it
is the Ventrue and Toreador who are the barbarians.

Last come the Followers of Set, the Serpents. In European eyes, they are despicable
corrupters who come from Egypt to undermine every prince and potentate. They seduce childer
and spread dissent, all in the name of their own depravity. But for the Setites, all this is rel
duty. Mere power games and eternal hungers are nothing to them — they are on a holy crusade
toset the world aright again, as their god has told them. Let the Europeans, with their false myths
of homicidal farmers, be damned.

Sonwmat

The material in this book follows a rough format designed for ease of use. Each section begins
with a short introduction predicated on giving the reader a sense of how the clan thinks. Next
comes information on the clan's organization and dealings with the rest of the Dark Medieval
world. Don't expect a simple rehash of what you might find in the modem day, however — the
Animals, Saracens and Serpents of this time are not who you might think.

Third is the explicitly "game" material — Merits, Flaws, Backgrounds, new Discipline
powers and s0 on. All of the gamespeak is contained in these portions of the book: Finally, there
are a few brace of templates for each clan, and a particularly revealing slice of that clan's history.
What word comes from the Far East? Who are the dreaded hashashin of the Holy Land? Do the
Followers of Set truly walk alone?

Vlevo Crasts

There are any number of new rules-bangles for players to adorn their characters with, some
of which might not make a good fit with your current chronicle. At the same time, a Storyteller
may wish to hold the more advanced or unique powers detailed within for a time when their
application will be most useful in creating mood or advancing the plot. With that in mind, players
should check with their Storytellers before diving head-first into the pile of goodies contained
herein. It's always worse to have something you have your heart set on taken away, than never
tohave seen it atall.



Gohannus rcelished the fear.
Running through the rope
roots and underbrush o

ie Hic in his oon
emilee would —

The vooodsman voas but 100
paces D> making a terrible

Adah of noise as ioe pushed

eroinig ai and Rd
Scavees enetace Geon

ash he kneve but at
ade Loanited tosaver thehurit

villag " hildceen To

rea re tol> Aories of the queat
nouns that ate up babes and


their mothers. Those slightly older he brought into the
woods — supposedly to teach them his skill —and used
for his own pleasures. In some cases, his pleasure was
simple terror: the promise of murder, a chase through
woods, and thena release. In other cases—inJohannus'
case — the woodsman would sate more carnal appetites
with his fair "apprentices." Those who complained
faced Wilhelm's wrath, his strong right arm and even
his ax.

Villagers brave or wily enough to try to circumvent
his authority could not. Wilhelm had an ally in the
local abbot, Father Krause, who shared, if not his
proclivities, then a love of gelt strong enough to over-
look them. Krause would simply smile as a crying
mother told him of her son's fate and say that it was in
the Lord's hands now.

Well, Johannus was the lord of this forest now, and
Wilhelm would be in his hands soon enough. The
woodsman was making for a clearing he knew all too
well, and Johannus circled ahead of him. Just when his
prey was in the center of the open area, he leapt out to
block the exit.

"Mary Mother of God!" the woodsman exclaimed
as heslid toastop on the leaves and twigs of the clearing
floor. He stopped a mere few feet from his former
student.

"Hello, Wilhelm." Johannus' voice was a deep
growl. His eyes burned red in the night, and long talons
capped his fingers. He stepped forward. "You do not
look well, old man."

"Who... what?" Confusion was fighting a losing
battle with fear on his features. He stepped back to keep
distance between the man-monster and himself.

"Don't you remember little Johannus? You said I
was sweet as wine." Another step.

"Johannus? But you—"

"Died? Yes, I did. Does that frighten you, old man?"
Another step. "It should."

"Devil!" Wilhelm the Strong lashed out with his
right fist, which a year ago had seemed akin to a war-
hammer. Now, it struck Johannus' chest with no more
effect than a child's slap.

"A devil?" Johannus smiled for a second and sa-
vored the shock in his prey's eyes. Then he plunged his
talons into the man's entrails and pushed up toward his
heart. "Yes, a devil."

The abbot squealed like a pig and ran into the
monastery. Johannus finished draining an unfortunate
lay brother and let his body fall on the stone steps. Full
of the hot blood, he pushed on the wooden doors of the
house of God until they cracked like kindling.

Abbot Krause was madly waddling toward the nave,
exuding small shrieks with every breath. He turned
when he got to the altar, grasping at a crucifix.

"Leave me alone!" he screamed. He held the cross
high, shaking it as if to sprinkle divine protection
about him.

Johannus walked forward slowly and brazenly. His
hands flexed, anticipating tearing into Krause's soft
pillow of lard.

"Is that how you greet the Devil in your house,
priest? With selfish demands? What of protecting your
God? Your relics?" Johannus moved toward a small
shrine to the Virgin and swiped at it with aclawed hand.
A statue of the Holy Mother of God flew several feet
before smashing to bits on the stone floor. "Your God
seems to have few defenders tonight."

The abbot began to mutter some swill in Latin, and
Johannus roared in laughter. "Keep praying, perhaps
you'll find your reward in Heaven!"

Witha few quick strides, he was in front of the priest
and had batted aside the crucifix. Picking the fat man up
by his garment, Johannus threw him over the altar so
that he slammed into a stone wall. "This is the Devil's
house now, little man! My house!"

"No, no..." The fat little abbot crawled to his feet
and reached for the only thing at hand — the torch
sputtering in the wall. Johannus was almost on top ofhim
again by the time he got it out of its bracket. "Stay back!"

The dancing flame whipped in front of Johannus'
eyes and singed his flesh. Just a trickle of pain, but it was
stronger than anything he had felt since the wolf attack
last winter. He had taken three steps back and was up
against the altar before he even realized it.

"Yes, demon!" It was Krause's turn to step forward
now. "Fear the power of Christ the Savior!"

Johannus ‘couldn't take his eyes off the yellow
flame. It felt like his blood was boiling, fire burning in
his limbs, screaming for him to move, to run into the
woods, far from the pain of the fire.

"You cannot resist the purity of God's servant
on Earth!"


Inan instant, fear turned to hate in Johannus' soul.
This fat little man thought he was a pure servant of
God? This little profiteering leech? Johannus bellowed
and lunged.

He didn't even feel the torch this time, so focused

was he on Krause's throat.
e e e

The church was just starting to burn when Johannus
walked down thestepsand into the fog-shrouded woods.
Thick gray fur lined his back and part of his arms now,
and he smiled. Another sign of his power.

"Lam Johannus the Devil!" he screamed to the sky
above. "These are my woods! I am supreme!"

"You are nothing," said the fog.

Johannus turned toward the voice, his eyes flaring
with hate, talons pushing through the flesh of his
fingers. There was nothing but a gray-white patch of
haze hanging among the tree trunks.

"Show yourself!"

"How many winters, devil?" The voice came from
the fog again.

Johannus screamed and lunged through the fog,
intent on gutting whoever hid behind it. Instead he fell
to the ground, finding nothing but underbrush.

"Just one, methinks."

Johannus turned around in time to see the fog
swirl and coalesce into a huge wolf. Recognition froze
Johannus, and the beast that had attacked him last
winter was on top of hima split second later. Its mighty
jaws clamped around his throat before Johannus could
make a move. He closed his eyes and prepared to die
again.

"You've gota lot to learn, devil-child." A powerfully
built woman was now standing over him. Just the way she
looked at him somehow made him feel as if the wolfs
maw was still at his throat. "But you have potential."

She turned and walked deeperinto the woods. "Come,
the Gather will start soon. You should listen carefully."

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS


Animals. Beasts. Feral Dogs. Barbarians. Destroy-
ers. Slaves. Hunters. The Cainites give us these names
because they only see what we wish them to see. There
is much more to our clan, however, than our feral
appearance and desire to avoid the cities and towns.
While the Cainites like to think of us as an indistin-
guishable mass, we are instead a loose group of individuals
sharing only our blood and some basic traditions.

Tam Rimantas, named "Road" in seven tongues. I was
at the fall of Rome, defended the Pripet Marshes and took
the head of an Eastern Giant. It is my desire to teach you
these traditions, so you might better understand yourself.
Do not let my appearance concern you — soon you too
will show these marks, for the Beast is strong in us all.

I get ahead of myself. Let me begin where we began.

ORIGINS

The Cainites have their story of a cursed farmer
named Caine, the murderer of his brother. In turn, he
spread this curse to others down to the current nights.
This explains much about the Cainites and their wor-
ties. Worse, they assume the same story is true for the
Gangrel. We know a different beginning, however.

There was a god with many children, and they
fought amongst themselves in the manner of children
everywhere. For many ages, the children quarreled
about everything — who would rule the sun, the moon,
the animals, the sea and other trivial matters. The
arguments grew so heated that the youngest twins,
Ennoia and Churka decided to leave the home of the
god and travel east to the home of their mother, who
had left many ages before.

They traveled far, but could not escape their nature.
Anargument began over who would be the first to speak
to their mother and whom she would favor. Without the
controlling hand of their father, the argument grew into
a battle, but the twins were equal in power and neither
could win outright. Each twin recruited warriors for their
war; Ennoia choose the bravest, and Churka choose the
most cunning. Since neither wished their mother to see
their war, they fought only at night and hid from her
during the day. For centuries, they fought this war in the
East. Ennoia's forces were about to defeat her enemies,
when disaster struck — the Betrayal.

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

SGowling for Blood

Two of Ennoia's best warriors, chieftains of great
power who had won many battles, fled west. They left
Ennoiaand her remaining warriors alone to face Churka
and his army, the Ravnos. The balance shifted, and the
Ravnos drove Ennoia out of Churka's domain into the
wild lands of the East. Saddened by her betrayal and
defeat, Ennoia disappeared, leaving her warriors on
their own. From that night on, they called themselves
Gangrel. You and I are their childer.

The Ravnos kept at the Gangrel, joined by the deadly
creatures we call the Giants of the East. These monsters
noticed our nighttime war and fell upon us like wolves. My
own sire claimed that the Giants could only live at night
and on the blood of men, and that they imposed that fate
on us as well — all the better to stalk and kill us. I have
heard many other theories about our nature, however.
Some say it is a penance that Ennoia imposed on us all for
the Betrayal; a few even accept the Cainites' foolish stories
about their even more foolish farmer.

Eventually, the Ravnos and Giants forced the
Gangrel out of our traditional hunting grounds and into
the West, where we contacted the Cainites already
there. While not friendly, the Cainites were less aggres-
sive than the Giants and could not stop us from settling
in the wild areas. We discovered that the so-called
Cainites suffered from similar, though not identical,
curses. They used this similarity to call us their kin, but
we know thata curse doesnot make us brothers. Atmost
they are distant cousins, but I doubt even that.

Even now, we continue the war our ancestors began,
hunting the Ravnos where we find them. Although with
less vigor, we also hunt those who betrayed Ennoia in those
long ago nights, now calling themselves Lhiannan and
Laibon. Some of our number believe that on the day that
Churka is destroyed and the betrayers punished, Ennoia
will return to lead our clan to the arms of her mother.

THE CLAN

To the outside eye, the Gangrel lack organization
and structure. We do not have kings or princes, nor do
we emulate dying empires in an attempt to claim
legitimacy. The Cainites dismiss us as an unorganized
rabble, unable to work together or with others. They are
wrong in this, as in so many other things.


THE GATHER

The main social structure of our clan is the Gather,
a coming together of all the Gangrel in an area. The
Gather provides us with an opportunity to meet, social-
ize and establish status among the clan. It is how we
determine our leaders, make outcasts and solve prob-
lems. The Gather is the chance for each of us to have a
voice in the matters that affect us all.

To call a Gather, the Gangrel leaves special signs
like rock piles and broken branches in the local area.
Nocturnal animals pass the word as well, after the one
calling the Gather recruits them. It can take a few
nights before word reaches all the Gangrel in an area, so
a Gather is not something to call for a rapid decision.
The summoned Gangrel collect at a prominent local
landmark with easy access to cover from the sun.

The proceedings of a Gatherare deceptively simple.
As a Gangrel arrives, she introduces herself to the
Gangrel already present. The rites then begin, with the
newly arrived Gangrel competing with those present to
determine her status. If the Gangrel present are power-
ful or particularly aggressive, the rites could take a few
nights to complete.

After establishing status, we proceed to the business
of the Gather. A Gather is a place for discussion about
everything — warnings, the presence of Ravnos, ex-
changing of stories, and messages from local Cainites are
common topics. The war with the Tremere and the
subsequentalliance with the Tzimisce dominated discus-
sions at my most recent Gathers, for example. Each
Gangrel at the Gather speaks if he desires, a process that
can take several nights ina larger Gather. No Gather lasts
longer than a week past the first speech, however. After
seven nights, the proceedings break up and we scatter.

RITEs OF STATUS

We have a few very simple rites for determining the
ladder of dominance among us. Individual combat is
the most common, without the use of claws, teeth or
weapons. The combat only ends with the incapacitation
or surrender of one of those involved. If the opponents
are evenly matched, the combat can become very
dangerous with a risk of frenzied madness. When two of
us meet for the first time, we use the combat rite. If the
two know each other well, they commonly only use the
combat rite to symbolically re-affirm their relationship.
This is more of a spar than true combat.

The other rite used is the boast. Those involved
exchange boasts, trying to top one another with the
extent of their bravery and ability. They boast of things

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS


A Littte Birp Top ME

News travels fast in Gangrel circles. Of course,
the primary channel for the spread of information is
the exchange of stories and warnings at the Gather.
However, the Gangrel have other methods of pass-
ing along warnings and alarms, most notably using
the Animalism power Feral Speech.

Birds are capable messengers of simple things,
while larger beasts can carry more complex warnings.
A Gangrel traveling in new lands will often interro-
gate the creatures he sees to gather the news a prior
clanmate might have left behind.

The Gangrel also make use of woodland signs,
suchas rocks and broken twigs, to warn other of their
clan off from Lupine grounds or other dangerous
territories. Such a sign is often a clue to talk to the
local fauna for more information.

they can do, not what they have done, and continue
until one of them either demands proof or concedes the
contest. Demanding proof means that both partici-
pants must complete their last boast, with success and
the difficulty of the boast determining their position.

THE REVEL

The Gathers are not all friendly. Rarely, one of us
will calla Gather to form the Revel (also called the Wild
Hunt). The Revel is a war party of the local Gangrel,
united against an enemy. The highest-ranking member
of the Gather leads the Revel, seeking battle with the
enemy. In a Revel, we put aside our personal quests for
glory, and work together to destroy our prey. Often the
last thing a Ravnos sees is a horde of us rushing from the
woods as one mass, screaming battle cries.

The invocation of the Revel is a sacred thing, one
that all Gangrel must honor. We have no tolerance for
cowardice and punish it strongly. Failing to participate
ina Revel can lead to banishment or even destruction.

THE GRAND GATHER AND REVEL

The Grand Gather is an almost mythical meeting.
One hasn't been called in nearly 750 years, since before
the fall of Rome. In principle, it is a meeting of the
entire clan, but there are always some (or even many)
who cannot or will not come. No Gangrel has earned
enough respect or accumulated enough power to sum-
mon a Grand Gather in these nights, so it will likely
remain a thing of legend.

A Grand Gather lasts for weeks, as Gangrel arrive
from all over and spend nights re-establishing their
status through the rites. The one who called the Gather

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

will face the most challenges — failing to win these
challenges will result in his destruction and the end of
the Grand Gather.

Grand Gathers organize massive Grand Revels, where
the entire clan goes to war ona single target. The Grand
Gather also discusses matters that affect the entire clan,
or allows a powerful Gangrel to prove herself to the rest
of the clan, to lead it in times of trouble.

Among the kine, Grand Gathers are an ill omen
indeed. So many of us require quite the feeding stock,
and legend says that Grand Revels have lain waste to
whole countries. Such blights tend to attract the
attention of Lupines, leading to still further blood-
shed. It is glorious!

SOMETHING OLD,
SOMETHING NEw

Outside the Gather and the Revel, we Gangrel
have few rules and rituals, especially in comparison to
the stifling ways of the Cainite broods. When two of us
meet, we exchange a greeting that includes our name,
a few of our deeds and an indicator of our physical age.
Outside a Gather, the younger defers to the older. Age
in this case is determined by years — a Gangrel who
survives one hundred years gains more respect than one
who has survived only a decade, no matter who their
sires are. Survival and bravery are our only true mea-
sures of ability.

A Gangrel who has animal features, the mark of
Ennoia's favor, also gains respect. There is a fine line
here, however; we balance the number of features
against age. Too many such features at too young an age
is a sign of insanity, not favor. Too few features on an
older Gangrel may be a sign of cowardice. There is no
hard rule about too many or few — it is a matter of
instinct. When we sense that one of us has gone too far,
we will shun him to avoid the spread of his ills.

We Gangrel extend our respect to those not of our
line in certain situations. When a Cainite shows great
bravery, in battle or otherwise, we treat her as some-
thing of an equal until she proves herself unworthy.
Some of us also occasionally join Cainites, extending to
themakind of clan status. Cainites given this status can
then take part in the Gather and the rites, if they wish.
Gangrel will respect any status earned by a Cainite at
the Gathers. Keep in mind, however, that such outsid-
ers must be very careful. Should they prove themselves
cowardly or dishonorable — and most are — they will
pay a terrible price, and so will their Gangrel sponsor.


Outcast

The Gangrel cast out any clanmate who refuses
aRevel, performsa treacherous act during a Gather,
betrays a clanmate, or proves himself a coward. The
outcast loses all status among Gangrel and may no
longer attend the Gathers. Outcasts are fair game,
and some Gangrel elders hunt them for sport. As far
as the Gangrel are concerned, all the Lhiannan and
Laibon are outcasts.

An outcast may return to the clan only after
performing a deed of great bravery. Any task that
involves personal danger and risk will do; defeating
a Lupine or a Giant in single combat is a common
quest (commonly undertaken, that is; it is rarely
completed). Tossing the head of such a creature
into the middle of a Gather is always a good way to
re-introduce yourself into the clan.

FAILONE IN THE DARK

Many of us avoid the company of mortals and other
Cainites. The animal features that mark our clan also
draw unwanted attention in these nights. Where in
older times we were sometimes welcomed as gods or
messengers, the influence of the Romans and their
Church has spread far. The mortals bring torches and
priests now, not offerings and news, when we arrive.

Our marks also make most Cainites uncomfortable
— and an uncomfortable Cainite is dangerous. The
tufted ears and fur we display remind too many of them
of the humanity they have lost. Few have found peace
with their Beast, and having a Gangrel around can
arouse hidden fears and angers.

An unwise pup would see what I say as a sign of
cowardice. Why should we fear mortals or Cainites? I
put it to you that wisdom is not the same as cowardice.
Contact with these two forces often brings the Beast to
the surface. Courage is not the blind anger that accom-
panies the frenzy, after all, so only those of strong will
should risk long-term contact with outsiders.

There is one more reason for the solitude of our clan.
Many of usare the last remnants of older cultures. Born in
the days of Scythia or the Goths, we are all that is left of
our tribes. There is a unique isolation in being the last of
aculture, and this is something that keeps our clan from
long enjoying the company of others. There is a melan-
choly in the elders of our kind, best dealt with through

isolation and reflection away from reminders of the past.

GANGREL IN A CRowD

Not all Gangrel avoid other Cainites. For any
number of reasons, a Gangrel might attach himself to
acoterie. Often, adventure is easier to find with other
Cainites along (they have a habit of stumbling into
trouble, after all). A neonate Gangrel may still have
cultural ties to the coterie's members and be reluctant
tosever them. Gangrel also seek the company of other
Cainites for temporary protection from Lupines or
other Cainites. Friendship is another factor, especially
if a member of the coterie has earned respect.

It is important to remember that the Gangrel,
while loners, donotalways wantto bealone. A rare few
might even knowingly associate with a Ravnos, but at
the cost of their reputation within the clan. Such
Gangrel should expect many challenges ahead.

ON THE Move

Our numbers are greater than most Cainites sus-
pect, since they rarely see more than one of our kind at
atime. We are solitary creatures, for the most part, but
we are also nomadic and only occasionally remain in
any place for long. Some blame this wanderlust on our
animal natures, but the truth is much simpler. There are
too many dangers in the night, and to stay in one spot
for too long is to invite trouble.

Iwill name one these troubles directly: the Lupines.
In the Gathers, you will hear the occasional brag about
friendship with these creatures. Consider it a lie. The
Lupines are not our friends. Stories of alliances, rituals
and friendly conferences in the dark woods are fables,
not truths. The Lupines hunt us in the dark as prey, not
as fellow hunters. They do not want to exchange
knowledge. When you wake at night, you will find signs
that they have been digging for you. When you call for
food, they will follow it. We are everywhere they are,
and they do not like it.

We have our advantages, however. We can travel,
while they seem to prefer their own territories. We can
hide in the earth, though this is but a temporary
reprieve. We do not die of old age and with luck and
smarts, can outlive a pursuer. Lastly, Cainite society
provides us a place to disappear for a time.

The Cainite world isa dual-edged sword. On the one
edge, it provides protection and cover. The other edge,
though, is the tendency for Cainites to try to rule us. As
princes and voivodes, they claim domain over the lands
upon which we hunt and seek to restrict our travels.
While a Gangrel may abide these conditions and pay lip

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS


service to titles and holdings for a short time, eventually
the Cainite lords grow uneasy. It is wise for a Gangrel to
move on, before suspicion has a chance to grow.

Then there are the mortals, who constantly push into
the wilds to expand their power. A Gangrel who remains
too long in their lands becomes a "monster," and soon
finds himself hunted by the Church. Many priests are but
overfed hogs, but some are actually dangerous. Being on
the move is the best defense against mortal discovery.

All this is not to say that we do not have places we
consider our own. A few of our number literally crisscross
the continent in their travels, even traveling to the East
or risking the ocean routes to far islands. Most of us,
however, restrict our roaming to a much smaller area. It
may be as small as the area around a lake, or the banks of
a river. It could be as large as the Pripet Marshes.
Generally, a Gangrel claims only the land she can cover
in a week of travel. These territories are temporary,
usually existing only for a few years until their Gangrel
"owners" move on. We do not overlap territory, if at all
possible — too many hunters attract more attention.

Afinalnote—ourgreatenemiesdonotremain inone
place long, either. The Ravnos seem to wander nearly as
much as we, though this may be in part because we are
hunting them (and they us). Some Cainites also seem
more inclined to move around, with their Crusades and
Church. During such movements, they are more vulner-
able than we are. Remember this, and plan accordingly.

EXCEPTIONS

Not every Gangrel is a wanderer. While the
clan's tradition and general situation encourage such
behavior, some Gangrel go against type. A Gangrel
like this will attach himself to an area for centuries,
thinking of it as his land and doing whatever he can
to defend it from encroachment. Gangrel like this
lurk in Scandinavia, the Balkans and some areas of
the British Isles. The Gangrel who do not travel are
among the strongest in the clan, and are respected for
their ability to survive as they do.

These Gangrel also are able to arrange short truces
occasionally with the Lupines. Some very generous
souls describe these trucesasalliances, but really, they're
nothing more than an agreement of non-aggression for
a while. The roots of many Gangrel tales of Lupine
friendship lie in stories about these uneasy truces.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3


BECOMING
(GANGREL

We rarely give the Embrace, because it is both a
curse and a blessing. When we do Embrace, we choose
those of hardy stock, inclined to fight fate. The qualities
we seek in those we bless are courage, strong will and
survival skills. The Embrace is also a curse, and one
given to those mortals who wrong us. The pattern of the
Embrace is similar, whether for a curse or blessing.

THE EMBRACE

A Gangrel sire often chooses a prospective candi-
date for the Embrace during feeding. If the mortal prey
resists, fighting against what is happening, then his
reward after death may be a taste of Gangrel blood. Our
clan makes many Gangrel this way, dating back to the
first warriors selected by Ennoia to fight her war. This
method produces a Gangrel with a fierce desire to
survive, even if he does not have all the tools.

We also find prospective Gangrel through observa-
tion. While most mortals remain safely hidden during the
night, a few risk the darkness. When one of our clan
encounters a mortal like this, she will watch instead of
attacking. It takes courage to wander these nights, afterall.
The Gangrel observes the mortal, watching for any signs
of bravery ora knack for survival. Sometimes, a mortal out
at night is simply lost — if this proves to be the case, he
becomes prey. However, if the mortal shows skill moving
about at night, isno coward, and maintains the interest of
the observer, he is a good candidate for the Embrace.

When we punish, however, there is little effort wasted.
A mortal who insults or threatens one of our clan receives a
nighttime visit. The Gangrel Embraces the mortal, making
the process as painful and terror-filled as possible, and leaves
her. Usually the Embrace happens indoors, in the rooms of
the person punished, assuring their discovery and destruc-
tion. In recent nights, this punishment has fallen into disuse,
though there are still some who actively enact it.

If the pattern of our Embrace is not clear, let me make
it so. We almost never offer a choice. This has become a
tradition with our clan, since so few of us had a choice. I
say almost never, because there are a few Gangrel who do
break with tradition. The offspring of these Gangrel are
considered by some to be inferior stock, even if they do
survive. While not considered outcasts, a Gangrel given a
choice rarely receives the same respect of those Embraced
traditionally, even after the rites of status. I urge you to
think of this, before you offer a choice.

Tue IMMorTAL ENEMY

Embracing foes has the potential to backfire on
the Gangrel. Should the enemy survive the firstnights
and develop his power, he could tur his new abilities
to hunting the one who cursed him. This is a rare
occurrence — part of the punishment is to stack the
odds so that survival is nearly impossible. A new
Gangrel who manages to survive has an enviable
combination of cunning, raw ability and luck —
clearly a dangerous foe to have in pursuit, but possibly
one with a bright future in the clan.

Tue First Nicuts

After the Embrace, the sire disappears into the
night, leaving the new Gangrel on her own. I have
heard Cainites speak of taking years to groom their
childer, training them before the Embrace and even
immediately afterward. This is a waste of time. It is
better to save the effort of training a childe until after
she has proven that she can survive. Thus, the sire
completely abandons his new creation in the early
nights, leaving her alone to face the struggle of survival.

Many do not last beyond even the first night. That first
hungeris the strongest, and it brings the Beast quickly to the
surface. In the haze of that first wild rage, a childe makes any
number of mistakes. If Lupines and mortals don't destroy
her, the first sunrise may. If the sire has chosen well,
however, the childe quickly grasps her situation and adjusts.
The reward for that first night is one of Ennoia's marks.

Any Gangrel resilient and capable enough to survive
the first few nights soon develops the tools we use to
survive those that follow. Over time, the childe must learn
to grow claws, speak with the animals, and come to terms
with our strengths and weaknesses. She must also learn to
make decisions on her own, rapidly. Our condition does
not permit long reflection on the proper course to take.
Such indecision leads to the Final Death. This is a danger-
ous time for the childe, lost and without guidance.

AicCEPTANCE

A new Gangrel must survive at least one winter
before he is worthy of teaching. "How many winters?" is
often the first question a Gangrel asks upon first meeting
another in the wilderness. A new Gangrel rarely has the
correct answer, and thus reveals himself. Tradition has it
that any pup so encountered becomes a responsibility.
The older Gangrel must aid him in his survival and teach
him the ways of the clan, at least until his nature is
revealed. If the pup ends up being from the Cainite
broods, the Gangrel leaves him to his fate.

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS


Once accepted, the new Gangrel learns the stories
and traditions of the clan, particularly the greeting
ritual and the rites of status. Instruction in the use of our
gifts follows. The lessons include descriptions of our
relationship with the Ravnos, Lupines and Cainites.
After months of this teaching, a close bond forms
between the student and teacher, similar to the rela-
tionship between a sire and childe among the Cainites.

After this training, a Gangrel is officially a member
of the clan.

DIABLERIE

We do not generally indulge in the Amaranth,
preferring instead to honor the fallen with a simple
Final Death. As well, we look upon those who indulge
in diablerie merely to gain power as cowards. There is
one instance where diablerie is appropriate — to pre-
serve the spirit of a brave fallen warrior.

GHOULS

The act of feeding a mortal our blood is, for many in
the clan, a grave crime. The Cainites indulge in this
practice with abandon, itseems, creating cults of ghouls to
serve them, and this contributes to the distance between
our peoples. There are, however, times when we will
create such creatures. In the north, Gangrel feed warriors
with their blood to make them stronger, as a reward for
loyal service. Elsewhere, turning a mortal into a thrall is
the step before the Embrace and considered part of the
observation. Nowhere isthe act undertaken lightly, though.

We are more likely to feed blood to animals, to
ensure loyalty and avoid the problems of constantly
exerting our will over them. Many others claim ser-
vice from the creatures of the wild: Lupines, Cainites
and even mortals. Ifa Gangrel wishes a loyal compan-
ion, the gift of blood is often the only way. Even those
free of another's control are mostly creatures of life
and day and fear us if they haven't tasted our blood.

The constant state of warfare, real or imagined,
that many Gangrel find themselves in has led to the
creation of many ghouls, both mortal and animal.
My hope, shared with many in the clan, is that these
numbers will reduce in later nights. Building a huge
tribe of blood-drinkers reeks of civilization to me.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

RELIGION

Thave no use for religion. Once, I worshipped gods
and goddesses and observed the rituals. After what has
happened to me, I can no longer burn offerings or say
the prayers. In some ways, I am a demigod now, de-
scended from the line of Ennoia. All the rest is just lies.

Oitp Ways

Tam notalone in my feelings. Many of us remember
better times, when terrified tribes considered us wood
gods and gave sacrifices to protect innocent daughters.
Inolder nights, tribes held us up as paragons and wished
to emulate our bravery. We were heroes to some. A few
of our kind encouraged this worship, even exploiting it
to build small kingdoms. Those were grand times.

Even some of the young Gangrel find the lure of
godlike power hard to resist. A few establish them-
selves in the remote lands as gods and goddesses, trying
to impress the locals with their abilities. In these
nights, the punishment for such hubris is swift. The
people have a new god, and he does not like us. Only
those in the most remote lands can escape retribution.

CuRISTIANITY

The Church, be it Roman or Byzantine, is our
enemy. The lies they preach have made us monsters.
The priests wage war on our kind wherever they find
us. They bring fire and the cross, and lead the mortals
away from us. We are no longer gods and heroes. Now
we are monsters and devils, though some of us have
existed since before these Christians had a name.

Worse, since the Church has spread so far, some
of the newest Gangrel profess the hated faith. They
even try to speak at Gathers, to convince us that we
are less than human and need redemption. I have no
patience for them, and I urge you to feel the same.
The Church brings in its wake the weakness of
civilization — deceit, buildings, bureaucracy and a
lack of inner strength. If we are to survive, we must
resist it in every way possible.

Last Worps

I have tried to teach you well. I have a last lesson,
though — nothing I have said is law. Laws and rules are for
civilizations, not for us. Some say fate weaves a tapestry
for each of us, and we cannot change our destiny. This
may be true, but what that tapestry depicts is up to you.
Go out and make it your own.


Wolf Tracks

Tam Yesugei, called Oderic among the Franks, and
Tam a traveler among our kind. I have walked further
than any other and have seen more than anyone. I can
count the Lupines I have survived on both hands; those
I have killed on a single claw. I was old before the
coming of Rome, older when I saw it fall, and shall be
older still when it rises again.

I am your guide.

(GEOGRAPHY

I have recently made my rounds of this known
world, carrying the news and stories of our kind to the
four corners. We are everywhere, it seems, though not
as numerous as I once remember. However, we number
more than any Cainite suspects, for they don't bother to
count. This is always our strength, for it surprises the
Cainites to discover how much we can do.

But enough, for the summer night is short and I
have much to tell you. Listen well, so you might
speak at another Gather and tell them Clan Gangrel
remains strong.

THE BRITISH ISLES

We begin where I started the year, in those minor
islands off the coast of Normandy. Yes, I say minor.
Despite the attitudes of the inhabitants, they really play
little more than a supporting role in the events of
Europe. There aren't very many Gangrel on these
islands, and the ones there seem to have strange ideas.
I wintered in their northern reaches, far from the eyes
of the Cainites and the Lupines. Cold lands, with hardy
folk. Sadly, each year makes this harder, as the hungry
needs of civilization and religion push the mortals to
conquer their neighbors. Not that it is ever hard for a
modern ruler to justify conquest.

SCOTLAND AND IRELAND
Scotland's hills and valleys are as safe a refuge for us

as could be expected. This means there's a fair number
of Lupines to avoid, of course. The forests are concen-

trated toward the Lowlands, the home of many Scots.
Northward, the rugged Highlands are home to the
remnants of an older and better time. The Highlanders
have many qualities to admire, I think. Oh, there is also
aseries of small, mostly barren, islands, clustered around
the north coast.

I've yet to meet a Gangrel who would claim
Scotland as her territory, though I know many that say
they were Embraced in the Highlands. We can travel
the moors, but to stay is nearly certain death. The
Lupines guard the wild areas aggressively, and the
Cainites here seem to find our clan a nuisance. During
my spring visit, lencountered a Gangrel near a beached
and rotted dragonboat. He claimed he was one of
many who still raid the shores, though for what booty
I can't say.

Ofcourse, nothing stays the same for long anymore.
There is a division in the people of Scotland between
those loyal to the land and those loyal to the English. I
sense a war coming, and in its wake, our best chance to
claim the Highlands from the Lupines.

Now Ireland is a different tale. It's been a long time
since I journeyed to the green isle, and I don't carry fond
memories of the trip. As unfriendly as Scotland is,
Ireland is worse. Scotland at least offers the chance for
escape south, but Ireland is nothing but a prison unless
you don't fear the cold waters of the sea. Lupines and
goblins fairly infest the place, and it leaves little room
for any of our clan to prowl.

Still, if there is need for proof that our kind can
survive anywhere, this island is it. For even here,
where our enemies are numerous, powerful and impla-
cable, a few Gangrel survive. I'm just as surprised as
you. Most are trapped or left behind by raiders, and not
likely to survive long. The rest are ancient by even my
reckoning. I suspect they date from just after the
Betrayal, and are easily as powerful as our oldest.
Unless you can match them, I suggest staying away
from Ireland.

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS


ENGLAND AND WALES

After the dangers of Scotland and Ireland, England
and Wales seem very safe places. Here, the Cainites are
dominant, as is the influence of civilization. The first
Gangrel here preceded the Roman invasion. Yes, our
clan was there to greet Caesar and the Cainites who
followed his armies. The first few Gangrel came hunt-
ing the Lhiannan in their Druid havens. Some followed
the Angles and the Saxons to the new hunting grounds.
Enough Gangrel have settled in the region to sustain a
population distinct among our kind.

There isn't much left in England to be called wilder-
ness, but the tended woods and hunting lands provide
enough cover for our activities. Rumors of wild cats and
lions are often indications that one us is active in the
area. Tread carefully, though, for the Cainite lords are
likely to investigate such rumors and call a hunt on a
careless Gangrel. For that matter, the mortal lords are
fond of their hunts, and may view a lion sighting as a
chance foradventure. Always remember that if youdon't
make trouble, it won't find you. You scoff? Think how
many winters I have on you, pup, and shut your maw.

Now Wales is place of real opportunity for us all.
Well, if it weren't for the Lupines and the Gangrel
elders who already prowl the hills and marches, it'd be
grand. I will warn you now — the Gangrel in Wales
have a hunger for Cainite blood, and are not fussy. |
managed a short conversation with one, Bodhmall,
after she had fed on my companion. She told me that
the Lupines in Wales seemed willing to talk rather than
fight. I'm not willing to test that theory myself, but I'm
sure some of you will be.

A Ganoret GENTLEMAN

Some of the Gangrel in England differ from their
mainland ilk, mostly in the adoption of civilized
manners. These Gangrel follow the etiquette of the
Norman conquerors in an attempt to fit in. Accepting
the story of Caine and playing on the presumed
kinship it offers, these Gangrel have turned their
backs on their Saxon and Angle heritage to take up
the banner of the Norman Cainites.

The Norman Gangrel reject the ways of the
clan, refusing to attend Gathers or to respect the
rites of status. Instead, they live as country gentle-
men and participate in Cainite society. Having
animal features is a great disgrace, as is adhering to
the Road of the Beast. Some Norman Gangrel have
become so adept at denying their nature they can
pass themselves off as Ventrue or Toreador.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

THe MarmnLaAND

Leaving the British Isles, 1 spent the rest of the
spring roaming Iberia and Gaul, ending up in the
homeland of the Romans. The names of these places
always change, as do the people and the rulers. | refer to
them by the names I learned years ago. Old habits are
hard for us to break, after all.

IBERIA

The Gangrel first came to this peninsula in the
wake of the Visigoth migration, hundreds of years ago.
The clan spread out from the area around present-day
Barcelona in the years that followed. We spread south,
along the coast of the Mediterranean, before moving
inland and north.

Ifollowed the migration route of these early Gangrel.
It wasn't hard, since I was one of them. | remember
when the Moors swept out of Africa, and with them the
truly nomadic Gangrel of the Middle East. For a time,
I hoped the Moors would conquer all Europe. I see now
that they were no better than the Romans they could
have replaced.

The conflict between the Moors and the Christians
still rages. Worse, the Gangrel who sided with the
Moors make war on the rest of our clan and on the
Cainites who centered themselves in the northern
kingdoms of Castile, Leon, Aragon, Navarre and Portu-
gal. Religion and civilization have tricked our kin into
shedding their own blood again. Fools.

GAUL

What you call France is nothing more than a
collection of confused provinces owing fealty to any
number of dukes, princes and kings. The Gangrel
roaming the north are descended from Norse and
Germanic tribes settled there. In the South, you find
Gangrel Embraced from Visigoths, Franks and other
tribes mixed together.

Gaul is a spawning ground for our nomadic kind.
Few of those we Embrace stay very long, and I blame the
Ventrue and Toreador for this. They seem to be every-
where, following the mortals who build cities and
castles. It is hardly a comfortable place for our kind.
Worse, that Roman cult seems to be everywhere here,
making it hard for us to hide.

I passed through Gaul quickly, trying my best to
remain hidden and avoid the stink. I couldn't resist a
visit to Paris, however. I wanted to compare the city to
the decaying Rome I remember plundering. It wasn't


Tarra GANGREL

The Gangrel who followed the Moors and
settled in Iberia have developed their own unique
culture. While still fundamentally Gangrel, the
teachings of Islam and the civilization of Andalus
(Islamic Iberia) has had a profound influence on
them. These Taifa Gangrel (named after the small
Muslim kingdoms of Iberia) see themselves as
scholar warriors, fighting a religious war. They
identify more with Islam and those Cainites who
follow it, than with Clan Gangrel.

In practice, this means the Taifa Gangrel
Embrace only devout warriors. The new convert
pairs up with an elder Taifa Gangrel, for both
schooling and protection. The pair spends their
nights traveling throughout Iberia, hunting Chris-
tian Cainites of all kinds. Occasionally, the Taifa
may join with an Assamite but never for very long.

The Taifa have replaced the Gather with a
semi-annual conclave to discuss matters. No rites
of status occur. Instead, those attending defer to
the oldest Gangrel present. As well, Taifa Gangrel
often abstain from feeding from Muslims, prefer-
ting instead the vitae of Christians or Jews.

last Grand Gather that marked the end of Rome. I laugh
when I hear the mortals call it the Holy Roman Empire;
the unintended irony appeals to me. From this feeble
empire, Clan Gangrel grows.

As you know, even a land as rich as Germany has
dangers for our clan. Everything that makes the place
our home makes it attractive to the Lupines. They are
aconstant presence, watching and lurking in the Black
Forest. There isa silver lining — this makes the German
woods the perfect proving grounds for new Gangrel.
Those who survive learn quickly how to avoid the worst
the Lupines offer.

We also compete with other Cainites, who seek to
exploit the riches and unrest. The Ventrue seem to
have made it a matter of pride to follow the Germanic

THe Hun

Matasuntha came out of the East with the first
horde of Huns in the latter half of the fourth
century, and swiftly dominated the Gangrel of the
West. In 400CE, shesummoned the Grand Gather
and defeated all who challenged her. The clan
called her queen, and named her the Hun. For a
decade after, she led the Gangrel in the Grand

Revel. Across Europe, the Gangrel rose in acts of
violence and destruction. Wherever the destruc-
tion was greatest, there was the Hun — powerful

long after I arrived when a Cainite, of the Nosferatu
Prood contacted me. Herold me something interest- and ancient, with tiger-striped fur, yellow eyesand
= w 7 2 amaamaets Y long talons. Then, just as suddenly as she ap-
made the city their home. My curiosity aroused, I spent ed. che vanished. The, Grand Revel ended,
more nights than I liked trying to find these Gangrel. Sarr Gina dias :
My animal allies and I had no luck — though I suspect pee ‘ae ee -eutinsiaenl oun
some of the rats were lying. If there are Gangrel making ee ee ee
their homes in Paris, I saw no sign of them. she reappeared in the Alps, looking more like a
Ws travals Tirouals deeresk cf the werengl tiger than before and much subdued. Apparently,

y ue) Ee. country: wel her long disappearance had left her hungry, for

a waste. The land is on the verge of war. You can sense nian Catnites disatpeaied (romiliclyand Gee
it in the air and the soil, as well as in the people. The aay during the Roce pears Ol reas ty aa TS
veneer of civilization will crack soon, and I encourage the few whosurvivedan encounter, the Hun spoke

ye tobe eat when it does /ihsen maybe you sll aga of battle with a Cainite in the catacombs under
see the inner fire that led these peoples to war with x
Rome, and of her long years in torpor.

Rome. Then you will see what a waste of time their " A 7
The Hun is returning to form in recent nights,

towers and cities really are. her wounds and hunger now sated. She seeks out
GERMANY AND THE Hoty Gangrel, speaking to them of the Grand Gather
ROMAN EMPIRE she will call soon. Times are not the same, though.
The Germanic people have no unity. Greed, pride, The Hun has new competition in the West, with
envy and too many rulers trying to be kings divides the the All-High ruling the North. As well, many of
land. Is it any surprise that this is the cradle of our clan the new Gangrel do not remember the days of
since we fled the East? The Gangrel who roam all glory of which she speaks, and do not heed her.
eventually pass through here. Here was the site of the

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS


tribes across Europe. It is easy to overestimate the
influence the Cainites have in mortal society, but never
underestimate the ability of an angry Ventrue to lead
the mortals against you — especially in the Holy
Roman Empire, where the priests are zealous.

The Gangrel who claim territory here date back as
far as the Betrayal. Some of these elders are secretive
and hard to approach, hiding as they do in the deepest
woods. Others seem affected by these woods. The
mortalshavea tale they sing of the warrior-king Beowulf,
who slew a great monster. I believe the monster of
which they sing is one of these old Gangrel, for there is
much in the land that drives our kind toward the Beast.

During my travels, | encountered many Gangrel
under a hundred winters old in these states. They came
from all over Europe, and seemed friendlier than the
elders. Our image as loners and animals is born here,
where the Gathers encourage the Beast and the Cainites
fear the woods at night.

With the frontier nearby, the Embrace is more
common here than in other areas. Many mortals risk
the dark woods, from necessity or by choice. Not all
those chosen survive the first winter, what with all the
threats. To survive more than a dozen winters in Ger-
many is truly an impressive feat. It is natural that many
Gangrel who lead our Gathers have spent much time in
these rough lands.

The Lupines here don't even have a pretense of
friendship, as they might in Wales or the Balkans. We
are definitely the hunted, and the wise Gangrel is
always on the move. Luckily, there are many places to
hide — woods, rivers, mountains, valleys and even the
castles and towns provide cover. It is important to keep
astep ahead of the Lupines, and always remember that
you can leave.

Of course, the danger of these lands makes them
perfect for Gathers. Great risks and deeds are always
mere moments away, it seems. Even the journey to the
Gather can be an adventure. Plus, there are plenty of
targets fora Revel, from an annoying local Cainite toan
isolated Lupine. This is truly a land of plenty, and I was
unhappy to leave.

While our clan will always be from the East, our
heart is now in Germany.

ITAty

I rarely travel this patch of ground, but I made an
exception this time. Too much of the land has seen the
ax, shovel, awl and plow for my liking. The last time I

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

spent more than a few nights, it was when the Goths
sacked Rome and ruled the country. Ah, those were the
days, until civilization pulled the mortals down. This
time, I spent weeks confirming that the place is even
worse now. I consider it fouled. I'm not alone in my
opinion, but some always disagree. Some Gangrel actu-

Tue Bic Bap WoLF

Many of the tales the mortals tell involved
wolves or monsters in the woods, and the Gangrel
are quite likely the basis for many of them. Wolf
features are marks of honor among the Germanic
Gangrel, who wear them with pride. The design of
many boasts is actually to produce such a mark,
and in a matter of decades, a Gangrel in the Holy
Roman Empire can become nearly unrecogniz-
able as human. Of course, Lupines and real wolves
contribute to these stories as well, but neither
share the Gangrel's need to prey upon humans.

ally survive there, in the Apennines. These Gangrel
swoop down briefly on the populace, before retreating
into the nearly impassable mountains. It's a minor
revenge on Rome, | suppose. I wonder, though, how
many of these Gangrel are in hiding from the rest of us.
I will say that I have yet to meet a Roman Gangrel,
though I'm sure there was at least one or two of that
empire who might have deserved the Embrace. If you
hear of one, let me know.

THE BALKANS

Nearly every invasion of Europe from the east has
passed through this area, so it is full of Gangrel. The
Balkans was the main route of the Gangrel migration
west, and I always enjoy returning here. We actually
have some political power here, where the tribes we
followed have control: the Magyars, Huns, Serbs...
there are too many to name. This is the frontline of
our wars with the Ravnos (who use the same routes
we did) and the Tremere. Every Gangrel should
eventually come here, I think, to read the history
etched into the soil.

The Gangrel who claim territory here get along
well, maintaining the old tradition of packs. Three or
four of our clan will travel and hunt together, cooperat-
ing for mutual survival. These packs will even combine
to help one another, without the traditional Gather
and Revel. This is the old way, from before the Betrayal,
and I am pleased to see it survive.


Many of our enemies also cluster here, stepping
on each others' toes and making the area a rich
hunting ground for the brave. The Tzimisce rule
much of the land, though they face challenges from
the Ventrue. The Tremere are hiding in their war-
rens, avoiding us as best they can. The Lupines here
are weak, and some are even open to truces. And the
two different churches, Roman and Byzantine, com-
pete for the loyalty of the people. There is no question
of a coming war or period of unrest — something is
always stirring the Balkans.

Ar THE CROSSROADS

While the Gangrel packs of the Balkans follow
many of the ancient and lapsed traditions, they have
developed a new one of their own. A pack seeks out a
suitable mortal, one with bravery and skill, and stalks
him. Having decided to Embrace him, the pack kidnaps
the chosen mortal and takes him toa nearby crossroads.
There the pack Embraces the mortal and then buries
him unconscious in a grave at the center of the cross-
road. From this point on, the pack observes from hiding
nearby or using an animal's eyes.

If the new Gangrel can claw free of his burial, he
passes the first test. Failing to dig out of the grave results
in eventual torpor. The observing pack will wait a few
nights, then unearth the victim and destroy him, rather
than leaving him behind.

Having clawed free of the earth, the new Gangrel
faces a second test. In a frenzied hunger-rage, he must
now decide in which direction to seek prey. To pass this
test, the new Gangrel must leave the roads and begin
the hunt. At this point, the pack summons an animal as
food, then reveal itself and accepts the new pack mem-
ber. Following any of the roads is the wrong response,
and the pack will come out of hiding to destroy the new
Gangrel as unfit.

Gangrel Embraced in this fashion seem normal
enough, though I have seen one or two refuse to hide in
the earth, even under great threat.

SCANDINAVIA

It has been a while since I strode the deck of a
dragonboat or sat at the table in a long hall. The
Gangrel of the North are their own breed, ruling over
mortals and claiming to be descended from their one-

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS


eyed god. The All-High is their nominal leader, the Jarl
of the North as they sometimes call him. These vargr
roam out of their icy halls across Europe, pretending
they are still at the height of their power.

The North is a place of bold deeds, brave acts and
raw courage. There is no fear of Lupines here, only a
grudging respect. Still, the other Cainites have come to
the North and they push our clan further and further
into the wilds. I suspect it won't be long before the vargr
will have to abandon their pretense and join the rest of
us. That, or perhaps they will flee to the fabled Vinland,
which figures in many of their tales.

RussiA

This land is merely a temporary stop on the migra-
tions east, west, north and south. A few of the Northern
Gangrel attempted to settle in the wilderness, but
suffered at the hands of the Lupines. Any of our kind
who has remained here overlong has found the going
difficult. Very few of our clan have managed to survive
more than a few years, and those that have typically
move on to relatively safer locations.

THe Minnie East

I have not traveled to the Levant and other Arab
lands for some time. Gangrel are there, however. Drawn
from the Turks and Bedouin, they keep to themselves.
What little I know I learned from the few Gangrel who
followed the returning Crusaders. They speak of Gangrel
living in Constantinople, of the damnable power of
religious men and the steady encroachment of civiliza-
tion. Apparently, there are Lupines even in the deserts.
I can only think that Clan Gangrel faces the same
challenges everywhere.

Tue Far EAST

I long to travel east again, to where our clan came
of age and where Ennoia still wanders. Driven out by
the Ravnos and the Giants, we retreated to the West.
Once we roamed the steppes like gods. Now only the
brave and the strong risk the trip; much more than the
Ravnos wander the steppes now. The mortals return
with stories of two-headed cows and horned beasts. I
saw such things when I was young, before we fled.
Strange is the only term to describe the East. Travel
there with the greatest care, and be ever vigilant.

And never forget that some night, we reclaim
what is ours.

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

OuTSIDERS

Now let me speak to you of the Cainites and other
creatures. No doubt you've encountered some already.
These are my impressions, based on personal experi-
ence and the stories told to me. I am sure if you were to
travel somewhere else, you would hear slightly different
words, but the message would be the same.

Iwon't bore you with the long list of grievances I've
heard some use. Telling you to avoid Baron Trappe or
to hide out in the barn of Berna isn't useful for more
than a few years, anyway. Instead, I'll just tell you the
important bits and leave the rest up to you.

CAINITES

Supposedly the children of a cursed farmer, the
Cainites are a diverse lot. They all seem fascinated by
civilization and cities, however, lurking among clutches
of mortals like flies on a corpse. This is the line that
separates us from them, although they rarely see it. They
call us Cainites and insist that their holy texts prove us
to be their kin. Accept their conceit if it serves you, but
remember the truth of Ennoia and the Betrayal.

AssaMITES

While we have little fear of any group other than
the Lupines, the Assamites do make me nervous. The
Saracens fight against Christianity, but Islam isn't any
better for us. With a shared enemy, a Gangrel can act as
a guide or scout for the Assamites. Most of the time,
we're more like prey than equals. Every Assamite I've
met has claimed to have honor or to be spiritual. It
seems to bea point of pride for them. But when the teeth
come out, they're hunters like the rest of us. Watch your
step around them.

BRUJAH

They are strong, fast and full of themselves. The
Brujah are a joke, as far as I'm concerned. The Brujah
chose to ignore our warnings about what would happen
in Carthage, because we were just "Animals." Well,
now we treat them like our slow cousins. There was
every chance for an alliance against Rome, but Brujah
pride wouldn't let them join with us. I'm not prepared
to forgive the insult, nor should you. If they could learn
to leave their cities and mortals, and just smell the
flowers, maybe the Zealots would be a lot happier. Of
course, they'd probably want to debate with the flowers.


CAPPHDOCIANS

Our two clans are much like oil and flame, just
waiting for someone to bring us together. Many Gangrel
still hold to the superstitions of their mortal life, and
regard the too-close examination of the dead as black
magic. I'm one of them. That the Cappadocians re-
semble corpses doesn't help any. The detachment from
the Beast the Graverobbers seem to relish leaves them
without much to discuss with any Gangrel. Honestly,
both sides seem to prefer it that way.

FOLLOWERS OF SET

The Setites are foul, hateful things you destroy
wherever you encounter one. If you encounter more
than one, flee. Of course, not all Gangrel feel this way,
but I'd argue that anyone who defends a Serpent is
probably in their service and should be outcast. A lot
of what I know I learned from the Bedouin Gangrel,
who speak of being pets and slaves for the Followers of
Set. You can believe that any Setite you encounter is
sizing you for a collar. | know some of you will not
agree, and will want to try to learn for yourselves. To
you, I say good-bye.

I've heard say that these Serpents also reject the
Caine stories, but that may be just another lie to lure us
in. It doesn't really matter.

LASOMBRA

The Lasombra support of the Church guarantees
that they don't get along with most of us. The recur-
ting experience I've had is that any culture that a
Lasombra encounters soon turns from the old ways and
accepts the Roman Church. A natural resentment has
built up over the centuries, one that I often express on
the stray Lasombra venturing too far out into the wild.
You might want to try it, too. You might not think
they are a threat, but just wait — I'm sure they'll do
something to get you angry.

The Taifa Gangrel have a friendlier relationship
with the Iberian Lasombra who profess to follow Islam.
Trying to explain that any Lasombra who claims to
believe in Allah is lying just gets you in trouble.

MALKAVIANS
The Malkavians are the diviners of the future and

the special protectors of fate. As a group, give them
respect as one would an elder or a dangerous Lupine. Be

BOOK ONE: HNIMALS


sure to pass around the Gather any knowledge a
Malkavian chooses to share. The insight of the
Malkavians is a sacred offering, to be pondered care-
fully. This doesn't mean that I particularly like the
company of the Madmen. On the contrary, theirs isone
of the few clans that worry me. I'm not alone, either.
Malkavians seem to delight in playing with our Beast,
bringing it to the surface and robbing us of control.
When a group of them chooses to turn on us, they can
drive us to destruction.

NosFERATU

The Gangrel and the Nosferatu get along. Some-
what. We both share an unusual appearance, though
their approach to dealing with it differs from ours. Still,
there isacommon ground when we meet. The Nosferatu
share information and are great listeners, and few
Gangrel can resist the opportunity to tell a story,
including me. All right, "share" is too strong a word.
The Nosferatu rarely tell as much as they hear, but for
all their claims at secrecy, they are prone to let drop a
fact or two. We're also a handy courier service for items
too large for the Nosferatu's normal methods, so they
owe many of us boons.

ToREADOR

The cultures we have Embraced from are not void
of artistic minds or an aesthetic appreciation of form
and structure, so dealings with the Artisans are quite
possible. The difficulty between our two clans comes
not from the art, but from the interpretation. Art is a
means of conveying information, a story or a warning;
something to tell the history of a people. A Toreador
seems to see art as something exalted and higher than
mortal or immortal existence. I don't understand it.
Many of us don't. When our two clans meet, this
misunderstanding often spills over into every other
area. You can guess where that leads.

TREMERE

The Ravnos-Gangrel war is ancient, kept fresh by
our undying existence. This war with the Tremere is
something new and all the worse for it. The Tremere
created themselves only a hundred or so years ago.
They experimented on Gangrel in their quest to steal
what wasn't theirs, and they have used their foul
sorcery to pervert others of our clan into shock troops
for the war. There is no punishment less than destruc-
tion that will ease this wound. It is imperative that the
Usurpers pay the final price, before more Gangrel fall
into their hands.

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

TZIMICSE

The Gangrel and Tzimisce share little love, and
both of us like it that way. The lands of the Tzimisce
are the highways by which the various tribes of the
East have entered Europe, and we Gangrel have al-
ways followed in the wake. If the threat of the Tremere
had not arisen, our two clans would still be engaged in
a struggle for dominance. Unlike my other hatreds,
the one for the Tzimisce is half-hearted. I have begun
to understand their fears are similar to ours — they
don't want to lose their past. In turn, the Tzimisce I
have dealt with have begun to see me as more than just
a beast. Not that I'm letting down my guard, for they
are all still Cainites.

VENTRUE

The Ventrue are trying to rule without earning that
right. They exploit the successes of powerful mortals
like the Romans and the Franks, then try to take credit.
They pretend superiority without being able to back up
the claim. Too often we have tried to point this out, and
now the Ventrue try to target our hunting grounds. If we
were again able to fight openly, as we did in centuries
past, we could easily teach them the lesson they forgot.
In the mean time, we will have to fight from the
shadowed woods and wait for the Ventrue to make
another mistake.

BAA

We tried to warn the Cainites about the Baali, and
they ignored us. I say we leave them to the rewards of
their ignorance. The Baali are foul, but no longer our
problem. We must focus on the wars we are already
fighting, before we take on the battles of the other clans.

LAMA

In the service of the Cappadocians, what more can
be expected than obedience? The Lamia are soldiers,
not warriors. Don't make the mistake of confusing the
two. There is no honor gained defeating a soldier forced
to fight to survive.

SALUBRI

I rarely cross paths with the Salubri, but when I do
it rarely turns to violence. That third eye is a curse, and
the knowledge they seem to have is a heavy burden I
wouldn't want to share. Treat them with care, and
perhaps sympathy. They're not like the other clans, but
something about them worries me. Perhaps it is because
the most ferocious of the Giants had three eyes.


ENEMIES AND BETRAYERS

The battle between Ennoia and Churka is still fresh
for us. The enemies who pushed us west and the traitors
who stabbed us in the back are not forgotten and will
never be forgiven.

RAVNOoS

The relationship between the Ravnos and us is one
of out right antagonism — war, if you will. I'm telling
you now, so you don't make the mistake a number of
neonates have. The Ravnos are not your friends. They
are not your allies. They will lead you astray, then
destroy you. If seen being friendly with a Ravnos, you
may become the second one to die. So, be very careful.

The Ravnos are our collective Loki, bringing
Ragnarok. They woke the Giants and plan to bring
about the end of our world. They won the war for the
Eastern hunting grounds. We must not let them win in
the West, too. All the clan can do is prepare. As for the
rumor of shared parentage, bear the insult, because we'll
be the last ones laughing.

Let me also dispel another rumor: We are not the
special protectors of the Gypsies. We merely hunt the
Ravnos who typically travel in their caravans. When
we have destroyed the Ravnos, the Gypsies may hail us
as their rescuers. They're wrong. We're as likely to prey
on them as any other Cainite.

LHIANNAN

Lhiannan was one of those involved in the Be-
trayal, who broke the Gangrel and fled west. Her
descendants hid themselves in the Celtic tribes of the
West. I've heard some Gangrel say that Lhiannan was

simply the first to realize the war was lost. They are
confused — the war was lost because she fled. Her
descendants pay the bloodprice of her act. The All-
High and the vargr have doggedly pursued and hunted
the Lhiannan across Europe. They are not alone. Soon,
nothing will remain of the betrayer.

Larwon

The Laibon are mysterious and hidden. Still,
many in our clan consider them part of the Betrayal
and try to hunt them as best they can. It is interesting
that the Gangrel of North Africa, who would have
the greatest contact, speak nothing but kindness
about the Laibon. I would have to speak to one myself
before I decided. Then again, I may as well wish
myself mortal while I'm at it.

LupINES

If there is one thing that can truly cause fear in a
Gangrel, it is a Lupine. Worse still is a pack of the
creatures. They are death and destruction on two large
hairy legs, worse than we are. They are territorial, and,
unfortunately for us, the territory the Lupines protect
overlaps with our own hunting grounds. I've heard the
rumors about alliances and shared knowledge. Aside
from some isolated locations, most of these stories are
wishful boasts.

Itis true that not every encounter between a Lupine
anda Gangrel ends in the destruction of the Gangrel. It's
just that you don't really want to take the chance you'll
be the one ina thousand. Any arrangement you manage
with a Lupine is an exception to the rule, and you should
never expect it to last. We're just too different.

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS


Mules of the Wild

Merirs AND
FLAWS

Wirnour A TRACE Q pt Merir)

The wilderness is your friend, working to hide
your passage. You leave no trail to follow as the earth
swallows your footprints, and the trees and grasses
cover your scent. Even magical means of tracking you
are inhibited. You pass through places like the wind,
leaving nothing behind but a whisper. Even Lupines
have trouble following you. Normal means of tracking
you (with Survival, the use of dogs) fail automatically.
Supernatural methods of tracking you, such as with
Auspex, have achance, but with greater difficulty (+2
difficulty penalty).

Prep Prrer (2-4 pt FLaw)

Animals like you too much. Every night, when
you rise from your sleep, they are there waiting. They
follow you around like a pack, looking to you for
leadership. They gather from the nearby area; gener-
ally, all creatures of a particular type within six miles
collect during the day around your resting place. They
disperse while you sleep, only to regroup with the
coming of night.

At two points, the affected animals are small like
rats or mice, which will be overlooked. At the three-
point level, they are slightly larger and attract more
attention, like cats. At four points, you're followed by
creatures that are hard to overlook — wolves, bears or
stags. People can use this to find your havens or track
your movements, and it makes it difficult for you to
avoid detection if you remain in place for very long.

New Discretine Powers

Loxt's Girt (PROTEAN LEVEL Six)

A vampire that has received Loki's Gift has the
ability to assume the form of the last thing she has fed
upon, be it human, Cainite or animal. The vampire

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

doesn't gain any of the Disciplines, knowledge or
skills of the form assumed, but otherwise becomes a
perfect imitation. This allows the vampire to briefly
disguise herself as someone else, or, in animal forms,
avoid the stench of corruption typically associated
with Cainites.

System: After a vampire has drunk the blood of the
target, she may assume its form. It costs the player two
Blood Points to transform, and the change takes two turns
(ora single tum, if the player spends an additional blood
point). The player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge (diffi-
culty 9), and each success allows the transformation to last
an hour. The player can spend a blood point to extend the
deception by an hour, up to a limit of available blood. In
the case of a botch, the transformation fails and the
vampire can never imitate the target again. The transfor-
mation automatically ends at dawn.

A vampire using Loki's Gift appears to be the form
assumed for all detection purposes, including Soulsight.
This includes appearing as a mortal, rather than vam-
pire. Soulsight will, however, reveal the vampire's own
emotional state.

REVERT THE BEAST
CPROTEAN LEVEL SEVEN)

This power allows a vampire to revert temporarily
to their mortal likeness, suppressing the animal features
resultant of frenzy. Not all Gangrel elders display this
power, and the use of it is cause for discussion in many
a Gather. Indeed, some Gangrel see it as a distasteful
denial of their true nature. The extent of the reversion
is variable and unreliable, but for many of the oldest
Gangrel, it is the only way to return to what they were.

System: The player spends three blood points and
makes a Willpower roll (difficulty 6). The number of
successes determines how many bestial features fade
from view:

One success

Two successes

Three successes

One feature
Four features
Nine features

Four successes 16 features


These features remain hidden for the duration of
the scene or until the vampire falls into frenzy. A
vampire also gains back lost Social Attributes with the
use of this power, one for each success.

ENHANCE THE Wid Ripe CANIMALISM
LeveL Four, PROTEAN LEVEL Four)

A vampire that has this level of power has devel-
oped the art of Riding the Wild Mind to such a degree
that he can even effect the body of the creature. The
vampire's body remains in a motionless trance akin to
torpor, but the possessed animal takes on some of the
characteristics of the vampire.

This power is a closely guarded secret of Clan
Gangrel. Even were it to become known, it involves
passing over a great deal more of the soul to an animal
possessed than other clans would find comfortable.

System: This power is essentially an enhanced
version of Ride the Wild Mind (Animalism 4) that
allows for physical changes to the possessed animal. The
player spends a blood point and then makes a Ride the
Wild Mind test as normal (Charisma + Animal Ken,
difficulty 8). Use this table instead of the one for Ride
the Wild Mind.

One successCan use Auspex, Presence

Two successes Can use Dominate,

Dementation, Animalism

Three successes Can use Thaumaturgy,

Chimerstry, Fortitude

Four successes Can use Protean, Potence

Five successes Can use Celerity, spend blood

to enhance Traits

The vampire-animal bond is much stronger in
Enhance the Wild Mind than in Ride the Wild Mind.
As such, the player need not spend Willpower to get
the animal to go against its instinct and, with five or
more successes, can spend blood (from the animal's
blood pool) to enhance its physical Attributes. If
blood point spending reduces an animal below half its
blood pool, however, it dies instantly, with the
vampire's mind in place.

This complete inhabitation has a side effect — it
clouds the vampire's soul with the instincts and nature
of the animal inhabited. The effect should be roleplayed,
and continues for a long time after contact is broken.
Spending eight temporary Willpower will overcome
the effect faster, but the vampire will only be entirely
free of the animal's influence after the passage of years.


If the inhabited animal dies or experiences some
great excitement (a fight or involvement ina hunt, for
example), then there is a chance the vampire suffers.
The player must make a Wits + Empathy roll (diffi-
culty 8) to avoid the vampire losing her mind. Failure
means the vampire's mind snaps back to her own body
immediately, but she now believes herself to be the
animal. A botch means the vampire returns and auto-
matically enters frenzy. Any successes mean the
vampire can continue to ride the animal, or can return
without problems.

Using Enhance the Wild Ride during the day re-
quires the player to make the standard roll for a vampire
to remain awake. This power costs 15 experience points.

READ THE WINDS CANIMALISM LEVEL
Four, Auspex LEVEL FIve)

Many animals roam the night, and a vampire with
this power has the ability to see through the eyes of
them all. With a bit of focus, the vampire sees every-
thing that an animal in the area witnesses. The vampire
can also use this power to gain a general impression,
from animals' states, about the area or upcoming events
like disasters or storms.

System: The player makes a Perception + Animal
Ken roll (difficulty 7), and the vampire opens her mind
to the animals in the area. Each success increases the
area in which the vampire can monitor events, though
progressively larger areas observed could overwhelm
her with too much information.

Successes Distance

1 Within earshot General impression

2 Abouta mile Blurry details

3 A couple miles See details

4 50 miles See details, hear faintly

5 100 miles See and hear clearly

The player must divide his successes between range
and details. For example, if a player managed four
successes, he could use three to get the range of a couple
miles and one to get a general impression (it is raining).
He could instead spend three to see details of things
within earshot, like whether there is a Lupine in that
area. With a single success, the vampire gets a general
impression of the area within earshot. The vampire
cannot see things that are Obfuscated or hidden using
this power.

Gangrel often use this power while interred in the
earth. It costs 20 experience points to develop this power.

Detail

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

Cau. THE Witp Hunt CANIMALISM
LEVEL Five, PROTEAN LEVEL Four)

In ancient days, when Gangrel rode openly on the
steppes, this power saw more use. It allows a vampire to
transform her ghouls into a Wild Hunt, a pack of wild
animals whorunwith heracross the steppes. In the process,
the vampire also transfers a portion of her Beast into her
followers, making it more difficult for her to succumb to
frenzy. Her followers, however, give in to blood rage. The
Wild Hunt stays close to the vampire for the duration of
the transformation, never straying out of sight. They will
attack anything in their path, trying to tear it to pieces in
their rage. The vampire herself remains untouched by the
frenzy and is immune to Rétschreck. The vampire retains
her emotions, including anger, but the Beast cannot
dominate her or undermine her courage.

System: A vampire doesn'thave tobe near or in frenzy
to use this power. The ghouls involved must see the
vampire when the power activates. The player rolls Ma-
nipulation + Animal Ken (difficulty 6) with each success
affecting one of the vampire's ghouls (either human or
animal). If the attempt fails, the player must roll to avoid
frenzy (difficulty 7); a botch means automatic frenzy.

Affected ghouls succumb to frenzy with all its standard
benefits (ignoring wound penalties, resisting Dominate,
etc.), but will not attack each other or the controlling
vampire. The ghouls will do everything they can toremain
in sight of their regnant, but should they fail, their minds
suddenly calm. The Wild Hunthas no fear, and will attack
any other creature that gets in their way. Each member of
the Wild Hunt also immediately gain Talons of the Beast
(Protean 2), although the Storyteller or player should note
that a point is spent from each of their blood pools at this
time. These claws will retract once the frenzy breaks.

The controlling vampire becomes immune to frenzy
and Rotschreck checks. The Wild Hunt ends with the
coming of dawn. This power costs 20 experience points.

GANGREL AcROsS
THE LAND

Gangrel are among the most far-flung vampires in
the Dark Medieval world, stalking the steppes of the
East, the glacial lands of the Far North and everywhere
in between. This has led to a certain diversity among
the clan. Some of these differences are simply in behav-
ior, such as the atypical Norman and Taifa Gangrel (see
pages 20 and 21). Other differences are more significant
and have create full-fledged offshoot bloodlines (see


below). The clan's special affinity for the wild lands —
the Gangrel ability to assume animal forms and the
animal characteristics they develop after frenzy —
creates further diversification. Indeed, Gangrel become
animals they knew from life, soa German vampire will
not have the same features as an Arab one.

TERRITORIAL VARIATIONS

Gangrel vary depending on region and influences,
particularly in the type of creature they can transform into
with Form of the Beast. While the majority of Gangrel
become wolves and bats, this is hardly a universal case.
NNorTHERN GANGREL

A Gangrel from the North is likely to transform into
astag or bearas her fight form, and probably an owl or eagle

as her flight form. A number of Gangrel from this region
become wolves, but not as many take the form of a bat.

EASTERN GANGREL

Gangrel off the steppes tend to transform into wolves,
but are more likely to have the flight form of an eagle or
falcon. Ancient Gangrel who have spent time in the
lands of India or further east will transform into tigers.

INTERMENT OPTIONS

Not every Gangrel who developed Protean lim-
its himself to melding with the soil. With time and
practice, some Gangrel have developed the ability to
meld with other elements of nature. The most com-
mon alternate element is trees, though this requires
atree large enough to hold the mass of the vampire.
A Gangrel who frequents the more rocky places, like
the mountains, develops the ability to inter herself
into the very rock. The only limit appears to be that
thesubstance must be natural and that it hasnotbeen
worked by the hands of man (no hiding in a log
palisade or castle wall).

These alternate resting places are not as stable
as the earth, however and force a vampire out with
the setting of the sun. This occurs, even if the
vampire is in torpor. It costs eight experience
points to develop an alternate-resting place.

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS


Way Am 1a Wotr?

The majority of those with the Protean Disci-
pline develop the ability to change into a wolf and
bat, but there is a significant minority that take on
different forms. This isa result of legend meeting the
mystic nature of the vampire. Ifa vampire expects to
transform into a wolf, he will. If a different vampire
expects to become a cat, then she does.

This same expectation helps determine what
aGangrel slowly transforms into with each animal
trait. If, in his mortal life, a Gangrel often felt akin
toa bear, then in his unlife he will likely come to
resemble a bear. On occasion, the animal features
a Gangrel acquires may be her first clue that she is
not limited to merely a wolf form.

Practice allows a Gangrel to overcome this
limit. While the Gangrel never develops more
than the two forms (fight and flight), with practice
a Gangrel can change what these two forms are.

So the answer to the question is simple — you
are a wolf, because that's what you expect to be.

SOUTHERN GANGREL
A Gangrel from North Africa or the Middle East

has a good chance of changing into a jackal or wild dog.
Their flight form is likely to be a bat, though some have
become vultures. There are also some falcons mixed in,
though these Gangrel are very rare.

BLOODLINES

GREEK GANGREL

A strange branch of the Gangrel lurks in the dark
corners and sewers of the great cities like Constantinople
and Rome. There are theories about their existence:
trapped after following Crusaders, the result ofa Tremere
experiment or even a whole new clan. The truth is that
there have been Gangrel hiding in the cities of man
almost from the day the first stone went up in Babylon.
As the centuries have passed, these Gangrel have
focused on surviving ina different environment — one
fraught with its own unique dangers.

The Greek Gangrel, as they call themselves, have
developed Obfuscate instead of Fortitude. It is better to
hide from danger where mortals congregate, afterall. As
well, the Greek Gangrel are on good terms with the
Nosferatu who share the sewers with them.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

BESTIAL FEATURES

It's easy to pick the first few bestial features for
your Gangrel character — clawed toes, fur-tipped
ears, a tail. As time passes and the Gangrel contin-
ues to suffer frenzy after frenzy, however, it can be
harder and harder to find new features. You can't
pick whiskers anda black nose repeatedly, after all.

Remember that not every animal feature has to
be visible. A Gangrel could develop a musky scent
or adopt the behavior patterns of her animal form.
Somethingassimple as circling your prey before you
feed or scratching the doorjambs to indicate your
territory can count as an animal feature. Don't
restrict yourself to the surface features. Do remem-
ber that these "invisible" features still count toward
reducing your character's Social Attributes, though.
It's tough to be socially adept when you're scratch-
ingyourselfbehind the ears or marking your territory.

There are very few Greek Gangrel and most of them
have appeared recently in Constantinople. Atleast one
is present in Paris, as well. Unlike their wild brethren,
they rarely venture out into the wilderness. They have
yet to make an appearance at a Gather, although some
are said to want to build ties to the main clan.

Mariner GANGREL

In the waters of the Black Sea, the Mediterranean
and the Baltic lives a unique branch of the clan, the
Mariner Gangrel. While the typical Gangrel develops
the traits and features of a land animal, this bloodline
instead shows signs of their watery homes. Features like
gills, scales, fins and puckered mouths are the common
features among the Mariners, who quickly take the sea
for their home.

These Gangrel spend their lives in the waters, prey-
ingon thesailors who ply the waves or feeding on the fish.
They avoid contact with other vampires, including the
landbound of their clan. The only group they seem to
have regular contact with is the Lasombra, and it's not
friendly. Because of their strange lifestyle, they have
developed alternate Protean powers (for more details, see
World of Darkness: Blood-Dimmed Tides).


Tue Fanwep Martyr

Quote: The Book of Jeremiah says that a wolf of the
evenings shall punish you, and I am that wolf.

Prelude: You were onceabrightstar in the Church,
full of charisma and with a real talent for holding
people's attention when you spoke. It was little surprise
to anyone that the Church chose you to lead an
expedition into the rough lands of the North, to carry
the word of the Lord to the heathens.

Once you arrived in the midst of the barbarians,
however, your words and charisma failed you. Your
followers were tortured and killed before your eyes, and
all you could do was pray for their souls. Then it was
your turn to die as an offering to their forest god.

Tied toa tree in the forest, you awaited your death
with bravery and the words of the Lord upon your lips.
Night came, and by the light of _ the silver moon,
you saw the furry beast the
barbarians worshipped.
You put all your passion
into the words, hid-
ing the fear you felt
behind your faith.
Nothing could
stop it, though. As
it sunk its teeth in
you, you felt the
wash of God's bless-
ing upon you and
welcomed death.

But you work on
earth was not com-
plete. You rose
infused with the
power of the Lordand
hungry for the blood
of the heathen who
had rejected His word.
Now, each night, you
continue todothe good
work God intended,
spreading the Gospel to
those who do not believe.

jildcen of the Bengt

Concept: Youare an agent of God, speaking his Word
to any who will listen. The marks of the Beast on you are
indications of your falling off the true path to heaven and
letting sin dominate you. God will remove the marks,
though, when you have finished His work.

Roleplaying Hints: You use the lessons of the Bible
as a guide for your nightly activities and never miss a
chance to draw a parallel between the events in the
Gospel and your new unlife. While there is no reason
you couldn't feed from just anyone, you try to restrict
your communion to those who are not of the faith.

Equipment: Cross, rosary, strong boots, warm
clothing, knife

Dscorues

oooo0000000
Sococooo000


Tue Lapy ON THE LAKE

Quote: Come, Baron, surely my new hair isn't that
ugly. Why, if you continue to gape, I'll have to remove you
from my bedroom.

Prelude: With your husband off on the Crusades, it
fell to you to maintain his lands. Under your careful
leadership, they prospered and thrived. When news
reached you of your husband's death outside Jerusalem,
you found yourself the target of many new suitors, more
interested in your wealth than your beauty. Maintain-
ing control of your lands became your driving goal.

One evening as you were entertaining yet another
group of guests seeking your hand, a stranger came to
call. He had wildness about him and seemed unim-
pressed with the noble status of you or your guests. He
demanded a tribute — your blood in a bowl — or he
would curse your lands with suffering and loss. Refusing
him was a matter of course,
and you chased him from
your hall with mocking
laughter. Before he left, he
promised thatyou would for-
ever regret your decision.

A few nights later,
you woke from your
sleep at the touch of
lips on your neck. You
tried to scream, but a
hand was across your
mouth. It was the visi-
tor, and he took his
tribute and more from
you that night. He
also left you some-
thing — an eternal
curse. It was his turn
to laugh as he leapt
from your window.

For the first few
days, you tried to ig-
nore the changes
that had come over
you. You fed from
the servants, swear-
ing them tosecrecy.

Then you started

feeding from your

guests, in the guise of giving

your favors. The occasional outburst of

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

anger led to the first obvious changes and your realiza-
tion that the curse was real. From that point on, you
have looked for a cure, seeking out others who share
your condition for advice and knowledge.

Concept: You are a wealthy noblewoman with con-
tacts and influence in the nobility of Europe. Many of the
elite vied for your hand, and they view youasan excellent
candidate for marriage. The curse laid upon you is a
burden you must overcome through will and persever-
ance, as you search for a cure. The longer it takes you to
find it, though, the more swanlike you become.

Roleplaying Hints: You restrain your displays of
emotion, trying to keep not just your anger but also your
happiness and sadness under wraps. A little vain, you
consider every loss of a human feature a great blow and
will go to great lengths to prevent it. Your condition has
made you less dismissive of those who are not of your
social status — a lack of humility is what led to your
current condition, after all.

Equipment: Fine dress, jewelry, dagger, retainers,
small keep and lands

Drvscat
Someh_ #00000
Damnq_——ee 8000
Sunm——seo000

°
doocoo0000
Bux Poa —
So00000000
S8occooo000


THE SCHOLARLY HERMIT

Quote: To be human is a laudable goal, when one feels
closer to the beasts of the earth. I'm not so sure that ripping
off that poor man's head is a good way to do it, though.

Prelude: You were born into a life of relative
privilege, dwelling of one of the few cities in Europe.
Your parents provided you with the best education they
could afford, even sending you to one of the universities
to study law. It wasn't what you were interested in, but
you did it to please them, and settled into working as an
advocate. The more you learned about the world and
the ways of power, the more you hated it. One day, it
finally became too much for you, and you simply left it
behind. Rather than face your parents, you made off for
the woods and started to work as a woodcutter.

Things weren't any simpler, just harder. You sur-
vived the first winter through luck and the second
through sheer stubborn perseverance. In the third
winter, however, you discovered you weren't as alone
in the woods as you had thought. Making a delivery of
wood to one of your customers, you discovered a wolf
in her home. Hardly thinking, you charged with your
ax to drive it away.

That's when it stood
on two legs and
laughed, baring
its long teeth.
Itwas too late

to flee, so
you fought

for your

life and

lost. As

your life's
blood
dripped

onto the

dirt floor,

the wolf-

man asked

a simple
question:

"Do you

want to

live, brave
woodcutter?"

Your an-
swer was yes and you
drank the blood the crea-

ture offered. It briefly spoke to you about your new state
—no sun, avoid the Church, immortality — then fled
into the dark woods. You lapped up the cold blood of
your customer, then returned to your shack to think on
what it meant to be a human and something more.

Concept: You retreated from normal society because
you found you just couldn't cope with the hustle and
bustle of the world. You preferred life simpler than you
could find in the new towns and cities, with their politics
and close- packed populations. You desire solitude or the
company of only a few select people. You reflect on what
your condition means, for you and humanity.

Roleplaying Hints: You are reflective, but hardly
passive — when something needs to be done for the
good of others, you're one of the first to volunteer.
While you like to be alone, you also like the opportunity
to discuss things with other people. While large groups
or close spaces make you nervous, a small coterie is
perfect for your needs. You've come to prefer the com-
pany of Cainites to mortals, since only another vampire
can truly understand the immortal condition.

Equipment: Good clothing, shoes, cap with feather,
knife, heavy cloak with hood, ax

Grxmumon: 12th
Havens
Conca: Scholarly Hermit I

‘Vous
Connie. 809 00
Sei Contnlnwine 909.00

Soo0c00000

==Bi000 Poor —=
ooo0000000
ooocooooooo


THE WitpD WoMAN

Quote: Grrr. I don't care who you are. This is my
kill, not yours. Find your own before you join it.

Prelude: You don't recall much of your life before
the Embrace. You only have vague memories of the
seemingly unending days spent working to stay alive in
some small hovel on the outskirts of a lord's domain.
There had been children and definitely a husband, but
they don't really mean too much to you now. Not since
the night you died.

It was a crisp autumn night with the edge of winter
in the air when the wolf came calling. The flimsy door
of your home was no barrier to its strength. Your
husband died trying to run,
but you stood your
ground against the
beast — though a
cleaver seemed little
enough protection.

The struggle was over
in moments, but
though you lay dying,
youclungto the wolf
desperate to keep

it from your chil-
dren. They fled

into the night,

and you died.

You woke a
few moments
later, alone and with a
hunger strong upon
you. It was in the early
hours of that morning
you committed yourself
to the Beast within. Your
children returned, tears on
their cheeks, and they be-
came your first meal. You
fled your crime for the safety
of the dark woods and
spent the next few years
learning the true extent
of your curse — and that
you weren't alone.

Now you spend the un-
ending nights trying to survive
on the outskirts of many lords' do-
mains. You hunt amongst the smaller

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

hamlets and villages, avoiding the bigger towns and
castles where the other Cainites make their havens.
The woods are your home now.

Concept: Solidly in the grip of the Beast, you're a
big bad wolf in the woods of Europe. Whatever was once
human in you is now lost and you don't care to find it.
There are bigger things to worry about now — such as
where your next meal is coming from.

Roleplaying Hints: You're only a step or two re-
moved from being an animal and it doesn't bother you
at all. Not everything that you were before is lost,
however — you want the company of other people,
even if it's the brief contact before you feed from them.
Other vampires disquiet you, though. You respect their
power and resent their self-control, but also look down
on them for their attempts to cling to humanity. This
quest to be something you aren't makes no sense to you,
and you're not shy about telling people this.

Equipment: tattered and dirty rags

Sdeetee 000000

Soo00000000

Bic Poa —=
ooo0000000
Sosoooooo0

BY =< PORE


A

, fcr 19th, 2000
_ Karsh, \
Do,/you See now? Do you understand that the old stories were right? You are
older than 4,/so | know you remember the tales told at the Gathers. Of the Betrayal \
and the Struggle between Ennoia and Churka. Of the Giants of the East. 5

| remember what they said, Karsh. They said the Ravnos would wake the Giants
and _begiry Ragnarok. For centuries { scoffed at those stories, and my foolishness {
cost us call dearly. ‘
You know what happened in India, don't you? Churka woke and so did the Giants. i
* We'call them Cathayans now, but that is what they are and Ragnarok has begun. \
3 Have you beeh to Los Angeles and San Francisco, "Warlord"? Have you seen the
. Giants advance! out of the East and into our lands? j
‘Lbrought the clan out of the Camarilla because | awoke from centuries of delusion.
1 realized the old Ways were best and that the prophecies were true. Antediluvians
and Giants from the East are not myths, Karsh. They are truth.
Come. with us. Leave your blue-blooded masters behind and fight like a true
Gangrel. Rage against Ragnarok!
Think of tonight as a time to set things right. Stand with us, Karsh, | do not
want us to be enemies, but | will do what is needed to preserve the clan.
Sincerely,

(a Xavior

BOOK ONE: ANIMALS



more curse than essing the
traveler decided sourly, In the
trocky voastes of the Dooly Land
erent seo ete

The breeze served do (little
more chill the sweat onhis
horses Hanks and the it
caised obscured his vievo of his
quarerp trail: Che traveler wohis-
pered a curse through cdenched
And ceined his mount toa

healt Dis ‘ee bed idly covessed the
hilt of the svoord that hung

m the sadole, then Aipped nr

side his cloals, i with a
lengif? of silk cae 2 Poeanees
around a small day vial and a
chipped ceystat.


With practiced ease, the traveler uncapped the vial
and teased a single droplet of black liquid onto the
crystal. The wind whisked away the few words that he
muttered, but the crystal reacted to their power, light-
ing witha faint yellow glow. It began to swing, gradually
straining against the breeze until it pulled its tether
parallel to the ground, pointing northeast. The traveler
nodded once and murmured another short phrase, and
the glow faded. He wrapped the cord around the crystal
and vial again and tucked them back into his cloak. As
he didso, his eyes reflexively glanced downat his hands.
When he looked back up, he was no longer alone.

The traveler's gaze flitted over the four figures who
had seemingly appeared from the thin, dry air. They
surrounded him at a distance of perhaps 30 paces, just
out of the range at which a strong, well-trained war-
horse could reach a man with one lunge. Their garb was
loose and light, mainly earth tones, and their hands
held short horn bows with arrows nocked but not
drawn. A variety of blades hung at their sides: scimitars,
knives and daggers, a pair of throwing axes.

"Shaitan," one of the archers called out. He paused
and switched to rough Latin. "You do not belong here.
Turn and leave with your life."

The traveler sighed wearily and replied in Arabic,
"] fear you mistake me for something else. Your quarrel
is not with me."

"Indeed," taunted another, "we mistook you for a
wise shaitan, only to find that you are a fool of one." She
bent her bow, taking aim at the center of the traveler's
chest. "But even fools can be taught, and Haqim wrote
that pain is the best teacher." She loosed her missile.

The traveler spun from the saddle, his cloak flap-
ping away to reveal the gleam of well-kept armor as he
plucked his sword from its sheath. The arrow whispered
through the point his heart had occupied but an instant
before. He straightened and his eyes flickered red, their
gleam reflected by the flat of his blade. "So be it," he
hissed. "I have respected the land and the people that
you ward. If you will not listen, your blood is on your
own hands." Two more bowstrings twanged, and he
whirled away from the shots, bringing himself a handful
of steps closer to the woman who had fired first.

Three of the attackers dropped their bows, baring
their own blades. The fourth stood impassive, bow
still drawn but not aimed, watching the engagement.
The three closed with the traveler with inhuman
fleetness. He stood his ground, putting his back to a
tall outcropping. Steel rang against steel, moving

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

faster than a mortal eye could hope to follow. Spatters
of blood and scraps of cloth flecked the stones. In a
moment, two fingers joined them; then a whole hand,
still clutching a long dagger. Two more breaths, and
the skirmish was over.

The traveler leaned against the boulder he'd put at
his back, blood oozing from a score of wounds. Around
him were scattered a trio of bodies. One still moaned
and tried to drag itself toward its own severed leg. The
other two were as still as death; wooden shafts protruded
from their chests.

The traveler straightened painfully and gazed at his
fourth adversary. "'Pain is the best teacher'," he quoted
mockingly. "I suppose you wish your own lesson?"

The other shrugged. "They are young and impetu-
ous, and you saved me the trouble of educating them.
And I have learned as well."

"And what have you learned?"

An ironic shrug and a half-smile answered the
query. A pause, and an elaboration: "To not be seen
coming." The warrior wavered, as if viewed through a
moonlit pool, and vanished.

The traveler's eyes widened and he made as if to
dash for his mount. An arrow hissed through the still
air and pierced his ankle, pinning him to the ground.
He wrenched his leg, snapping the shaft, but two
unseen blows shattered his knees. He fell prone, roll-
ing to his back and holding his blade before him in a
futile defense.

Intheskiesabove, the stars began to vanish, eclipsed
by racing storm clouds.

Another impact splintered the traveler's wrist.
His sword fell to the ground beside him. He half-
rolled, trying to reach it with his other hand, but
halted as the blade of a scimitar caressed his throat. He
looked into the eyes of the warrior standing above him
and saw the emptiness of duty — and an almost-
hidden glimmer of pleasure.

The heavens split with a prodigious roar as a white
flash bleached all color from the world. The warrior's
sword spun away, flinging off glowing droplets of mol-
ten steel.

"Enough." The word, whispered on the edge of
hearing, nonetheless rang like a second thunderclap.

The warrior turned. "Don Delacruz," he began
smoothly, "though your presence is never unwelcome,
I fear | must protest this intervention. I had the situa-
tion well in hand, and the attention of one of your caste
and stature is hardly—"


"Spare me your hollow words, Karim," replied the
new arrival, an older man clad in brown and sitting
almost casually atop a jagged boulder. "The Amr felt
it necessary to send an observer to this place, and lam
somehow not surprised that his premonition con-
cerned you. If this is how you take situations ‘well in
hand,' I am amazed that the Caliph still grants you
leave to instruct pupils."

Karim flinched visibly and, from his expression,
would have darkened with anger had his skin been
capable of it. "There is nothing more to be said here!
We found this shaitan attempting to enter our lands!
He was about to receive the reward of an enemy spy
when you interfered! Stand aside now, or the Caliph
will hear of this and we will see whose word is law on
the Mountain!"

Forcing blood to his shattered limbs, the traveler
willed his body to heal. His blade lay just beyond his
reach, but Karim was focused on another opponent.
Evenas the traveler completed the thought and tensed
to lunge, the sword skittered away from his fingertips.
His eyes followed it as it rose from the ground to float a
handbreadth above the open palm of Don Delacruz, the
new arrival.

He calmly regarded the sword. His left hand rested
on the stone on which he sat; the right, still crackling
with the echoes of the power which it had unleashed,
trailed along the flat of the blade. "I recognize the
craftsmanship," he said thoughtfully, speaking more to
the weapon than to anyone present. "De Peleroma of
the Toreador, unless | mistake myself. And he only
accepts commissions from those of certain lines." He
turned his gaze on Karim. "Your behavior this night has
been unconscionable, and you should give thanks to
the Ancestor that I do not burn you down where you
stand for the affront that you have given an ally of the
Mountain." He paused and smiled humorlessly. "Your
threats to me I set aside, as they were spoken ina heated
moment. I know you better than to think you would
deliberately violate Haqim's laws."

Karim snarled at the implicit challenge. "An ally?
I tell you, I saw him wield blood magic, and his spell of
searching set his course deeper into our lands! What
more must I say?"

"And are all blood-wizards of the shaitan?" asked
Delacruz coolly. Tiny lightning writhed around his
clenched fist and in the depths of his eyes.

Karim stepped back involuntarily, his face an
unreadable mask. "I— that is, I had not thought that
such a—"

"You had not thought, no. Is the house of Haqim so
poor that it cannot afford to extend hospitality to those
who were once as brothers? Must we cut them down
rather than acknowledge our debt to them?"

Karim bowed stiffly, then flickered and vanished
again. Delacruz turned his gaze to the traveler. "And
what am I to think of you? I know what you are, and I
know what you have hunted into our lands. Though
Karim's methods may have been hasty, I cannot fault
his reasoning."

The traveler rose to his feet and squared his shoul-
ders. "Then be done with it."

Delacruz laughed dryly. "I did not say I shared his
reasoning. Too many of your kind see Haqim's line as
little more than ravening bandits. I would prefer to
leave you with a slightly better impression."

The traveler looked pointedly at the space Karim
had recently occupied.

The sorcerer chuckled. "Do not judge a castle's
master by the boys who clean the stable." He made a
dismissive gesture and the sword revolved lazily in
midair, halting with its hilt before its owner. "I return
your blade to you, but your existence would have ended
by now had I not intervened. I will consider your
obligation to me fulfilled if you will do me two services."
He paused expectantly.

"I make no promise until I know its entirety," the
traveler observed. He grasped his sword and sheathed it,
then bowed formally. "Still, | am in your debt, and
honor demands that I at least listen."

Delacruz snorted. "As I said, I know what you
hunt. It is familiar to my brothers, and we know its
destination, though it has not yet offended us so
heavily as to beg for destruction. I will guide you there,
and you will settle whatever business you have with it.
Then you will return to your home immediately, lest
your actions jeopardize our position. That is the first
request I make of you."

"And the second?" the traveler inquired warily.

"As you now have a guide, your pursuit is no longer
as urgent." Delacruz smiled broadly. "Your second task
is to accept my hospitality for two nights, during which
time | will tell you of Haqim's inheritors — as we see
ourselves. If you must hold us in such low esteem, the
least you can do is hold an informed opinion."

BOOK TWO: SHRACENS


You came here seeking knowledge, did you not?
Tales to spin of the Saracens, to charm the heart of a
lady or to win the regard of a prince of men — or of
more than men, perhaps? What did you expect to find in
these lands? Blood-maddened murderers seeking the lives
of those who sent the Crusades against their mortal
families? Godless heathens who hold that your Savior
was no more than a man, and who pray to a holy stone
rather than a holy cross? Wily Arab traders with long
knives in their sleeves, riches in their hands, slaves on
their chains and lies on their lips? Perhaps you thought to
match your Toledo blade against one of Damascus'
finest, or to commission the disappearance of a rival?
Yes, all of these things you will find among my brothers
— but look deeper, and you will see more than your sire
or kin ever told you of.

You disbelieve? You wish to cling to your precon-
ceived notions of what my clan is? Observe me, then.
My skin is as dark as that of any African, but it is the
color of age which slowly dyes those of our line. Under
the darkness, are my features those of an Arab? In the
days when I walked under the sun, my name was
Philippe Delacroix, and I called your own Paris my
home. Even now, among my clan, I use the Spanish
translation Delacruz. Do you still think that my clan
takes only those of the East into its ranks? Note my
hands: stained with ink, not blood. I am a scholar, not a
killer. If that is insufficient proof, examine this blade at
my side. It is but a showpiece, a bluff. Here, draw it;
you will observe that it is slightly less sharp than my
tongue. Hardly the weapon of a hired murderer. Nor is
my home that of one. I took note of your disbelieving
gaze as you entered my study. Yes, these books are all
real — some four dozen, all told. They are my greatest
pride, foolish though I am to take pleasure in such fragile
material possessions. The cross upon the wall there is
mine as well, and has been since well before the night I

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

last drew breath. It is a reminder, I suppose, that God
does not play favorites, nor protect those in His service
from everything that comes in the night.

A hundred tiny details. Alone, insignificant anoma-
lies — but together, they shape an image of an Assamite
that most European Cainites would scarcely find cred-
ible, were they to be confronted with it. But you, who
confront the beast in the cold flesh — ah, I see the
faintest glimmer of belief in your eyes. Attend; I will spin
you a thousand stories of my blood, each more fantastic
than the last, and each the truth of whatever God you

care to name.

‘WARRIORS,
WIZARDS,
HOLARS AND
UIMORS

The so-called Saracens are one of the strangest
clans of the Cainites, at least to the Western way of
thinking. Separated from their European brethren by
geography, language and faith, they have taken a diver-
gent path for centuries. Nevertheless, their claim to
Cainite heritage cannot be denied: they share a com-
mon physiology with the other clans (save for the odd
coloration that their skin undergoes with age). The
Assamites also adhere to a fairly conventional mythos
regarding their origins. They state that their founder,
commonly known as Haqim, was a warrior of fearsome
prowess who received eternal life as a reward for some
nebulous task, after which he took up the scroll along-
side the spear and became one of the Second City's most
renowned scholars. From him sprang all three of the
lines that collectively call themselves the Children of
Hagim: in Western tongues, the Assamites.


Geographically, the Assamites exert influence over
the mortals of more land area than most European
clans. Their pawns are plentiful from the Almohad
Empire to Arabia, and they have extended their web
north into the frigid wastes, south into the dark interior
of Africa, and east to Taugast and parts unknown.
However, the Assamites are no more numerous than
any other Cainites — their numbers simply are spread
more thinly across the territory that they call home.

With that much space to expand into — and that
many mortals to expand among — the Assamites have
diversified to a level unseen in the more specialized,
multi-clan communities of Europe. Three distinct di
sions exist among their r: Though some Cainite

scholars would refer to these as "bloodlines," the
Assamites call them "castes" and they consider each to
be an equal part of the clan — equal in theory, at least.
This equality is due in part to the fact that the two castes
whose roles are most opposed have equally strong
claims to direct-line descent from Hagqim, thus render-
ing it impossible for even the most astute genealogist to

TAUGHAST

In 1197, Europe knows of China only through
second- and third-hand rumors carried by Arab
traders. The East is known by a variety of names
(the most familiar one to modern ears, "Cathay,"
will not be used for another two centuries). In the
Arab world, "Taugast" is the most common. Its
origins are uncertain, but most scholars believe it
to be the name of a kingdom or royal family of the
region. Most Assamites refer to Chinaas Taugast.
They have no commonly accepted name for the
vampiric inhabitants of the area, who most
Cainites in the 20th century will call "Cathayans."

determine which one is the "true" line. The Assamites
consider this point moot: all three castes are equally
Hagqim's inheritors.

The caste that Western vampires most commonly
encounter is that of the warriors. This caste is largely
responsible for most Cainites' knowledge of what the


"typical" Assamite is. The warriors are the fiercest
adherents to the Muslim faith, and the most radically
different from European Cainites in mind-set and cul-
ture. They are siege engineers, master swordsmen,
archers, strategists and assassins. Within the past five
centuries, the warriors have gradually become the domi-
nant caste within the clan, dictating the Assamites'
agendas both in managing their own affairs and in
dealing with other Cainites.

The next most familiar caste is that which specializes
in the Assamites' own forms of blood magic. Known as
the sorcerers (also "magi" and "wizards"), these individu-
als occasionally appear in the major cities of the Almohad
and Byzantine Empires, and have taken active roles in
several battles in the Holy Land. Unlike the unstruc-
tured blood magicians of other clans or the formal but
nascent wizards of the Tremere, the sorcerers work from
millennia of accumulated lore. Their magic is that of
enlightenment and expanded perception. The sorcerers
are the moderate caste within the clan. The caste claims
no direct descent from Haqim, who was never reputed to
be a magician of any sort. Most outside observers com-
monly believe that it is an offshoot of the vizier line that
has grown into its own identity over the centuries.

Rarely encountered by outsiders, or at least rarely
recognized, the viziers (also "scholars" or "scribes") may
be the most diverse of the castes. Their ranks hold all
those who value knowledge over power, or whose
strength lies in word or thought rather than in deed.
Courtiers, statesmen, theologians, bards, linguists, his-
torians, craftsmen, scientists and artists all thrive among
them. They make up the backbone of the clan, manag-
ing Assamite holdings and exerting influence over
mortal society across North Africa and parts east. The
viziers are the most conservative of the three castes, as
befits their role as the primary recorders of the clan's
own history.

CINDER DISTANT
STARS

By many accounts, our line ranges farther than
any save the Ravnos and Gangrel nomads. The lands
that fall under our influence and protection span the
southern shore of the Mediterranean, from the great
ocean in the west to the Holy Land in the east. Our
warriors fought on all sides of the Byzantine and
Roman Empires' wars; our viziers blazed trade routes
to far Taugast and rich India; our sorcerers delved into

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

ON RACIAL AND GENDER SELECTION

Do you think us so foolish as to ignore all but a
small section of humanity, and then only half of
those? No, fully two-thirds of our clan gives the gift
of the Blood to all those whom we deem deserving,
regardless of such considerations of mortality. The
warriors have adopted some mortal foolishness of
late, but they will certainly give it up within a
century as their ranks become depleted.

Contrary to popular myth, the Assamites do
Embrace women. The largest numbers of females
are within the viziers, with the warriors holding
the fewest. Among the Muslim-dominated war-
tiors, the practice of Embracing women fell out of
favor in the late eighth century as they came to
believe that it was immoral to curse women with
unlife. The Caliph, the head of the warrior caste,
only recently re-sanctioned the Embrace of some
women as an "experiment" —a proclamation that
greatly amused some female viziers and sorcerers
who are older than the Caliph himself. However,
this has had the effect of ensuring that any female
Assamite of the warrior caste either predates the
prohibition or is a neonate twice as capable as any
of her male peers.

As for Europeans, the Assamites have likewise
never shied from bringing deserving mortals into
the ranks of the viziers and sorcerers. This is espe-
cially true in those territories where the Assamites
are in direct conflict with other clans, such as the
Iberian kingdoms and the northern Byzantine
Empire. Prior to the Crusades, the warriors were
equally egalitarian, but since 1096, they have re-
fused to Embrace all but the most truly deserving
Westerners — and these few hardy souls, as well as
their predecessors, are subject tonosmall amount of
scorn from their "brothers" for Europe's crimes
against the Arabs and the Islamic faith.

darkest Africa in search of that land's hidden secrets.
From every land we touched, we took new knowledge
and new brethren. With the last century's new religious
conflicts adding to the confusion, it becomes necessary
to examine our affairs in every area of the world

separately, for our interests rarely coincide from one
end of the map to the other.


IBERIA

The land that will become Spain is one of the two
greatest areas of conflict between the Assamites and
other Cainites. Haqim's inheritors backed the Almohad
Empire from its inception, as they had with the Arab
caliphates, the Islamic predecessors of the Almohads.
Many among the clan saw the eighth century's Arab
expansion into Europe as a once-in-a-millennium op-
portunity. The warriors dreamt of glorious victories
against the decadent Western Cainites, and the viziers
sawa melding of cultures unparalleled by any to date. For
different reasons, virtually all Assamites supported the
Arabs. Many, particularly among the viziers, found coun-
terparts in the southern Toreador and Lasombra who
shared their opinions — though motives among these
allies differed radically. The invasions also saw the begin-
ning of a strong influx of Europeans and mixed-race
individuals into the ranks of the Assamites. Many Iberi-
ansand French received the Blood between the conquests
of the caliphates and the beginning of the Reconquista.

Times have changed, however. As the Christian
kingdoms of northern Iberia wage unceasing war against
the Moors, the Assamites in the region divide along
lines of mortal ancestry and religion. The Christians
among the clan find their position to be vastly inferior,
however. Their offers of aid to the northern Toreador,

Lasombra and Brujah are rejected as "Moorish treach-
ery" far more than they are accepted. Many of these
Assamites grow disillusioned with their aid of the
Reconquista and beg forgiveness from their brethren,
throwing their full support behind the Taifa kingdoms.
Almost every Assamite in Iberia has gone over to the
Moorish side of the conflict.

The Almohad Empire is, by many accounts, the
peak of world civilization, and nowhere is the contrast
with the Christian nations more obvious than here.
The cities are centers of learning unsurpassed by any in
Christendom, and their wealth is legendary. Such a
bounty of knowledge is one of the greatest treasures of
the vizier caste, and they will go to any lengths to guard
it from the "barbaric" Europeans — even making politi-
cal concessions to the warriors and sorcerers that would
be unconscionable in other circumstances. In Iberia,
the Assamites are wholly united against the other
Cainites. A few others side with them, most often
Muslim Lasombra and Toreador, but for the most part
the Assamites stand alone.

Nortu Arrica

Though its Iberian possessions are among the
Almohad Empire's most prized, they are hardly its only
ones. The Empire spans North Africa from the Atlantic
Ocean to the borders of Egypt and extends south from
the coast for several hundred miles. The Almohads'
expansion was a matter of both competence on the part
of its Berber founders and complacency on the part of its
Almoravid predecessors. Unlike its holdings in Iberia,
the Empire in North Africa is rabidly conservative,
persecuting religious minorities in a harsh mirror image
of European Christendom's behavior.

The Assamites of the Empire are a strange mix.
Ancestrally, they are primarily derived from African
stock, though a significant minority of Italians and
Greeks exists. The warriors here seek to reclaim the
fierce heritage of the nomadic tribes native to the
region; many wander the Empire's fringes with bands of
mortal followers, mimicking Ravnos customs. The vi-
ziers and sorcerers are intellectually conservative, more
interested in refining their own work and that of the
mortals around them than they are in acquiring new
knowledge from outside their borders.

The insular nature of the viziers here has led to a
gradual loss of Assamite influence over the Almohad
tulers. The Followers of Sethave expanded outward from
Egyptinaslow takeover, gently subverting the Assamites'
pawnsuntil they are almost powerless. These events have
taken place so slowly and subtly that the Assamites are
only now realizing the extent to which they have lost
their hold on the Empire, and they are still undecided as
to the manner in which they should respond.

Tue Hory LAND

If the Taifa cities of Iberia are the Assamites'
greatest treasure, the Holy Land is their greatest battle-
field. The warrior caste has fervently backed Islam's
followers since Mohammed's lifetime, and they see the
Crusades as unconscionable assaults upon the mortals
of the region and upon the Muslim faith itself. While
the fighting in Iberia partially stems from a desire to
preserve knowledge, it is fueled here by religious fervor
of a sort rarely seen among Cainites. This is com-
pounded by the fact that the Crusades drive closer to the
heart of the Assamites' power than any European inva-
sion ever before. Faced with such a threat to their
"ancestral" home, many of the clan's elders feel that
there can be no compromise until the last European
Cainite is dust beneath their feet.

BOOK TWO: SARHCENS


THE PirATES OF CossurA

The black-sailed ships of the Cossuran pirates
are well-known throughout the Western Mediter-
ranean. From their island haven east of Carthage
and Tunis, these raiders prey on shipping through-
out the region, selling the spoils of their ventures
in ports across their area of influence. Cainites
traveling by sea are usually unmolested, though
several have disappeared in the raids and are
presumed to lie in torpor on the sea floor.

Most Cossuran raids are the products of mor-
tal greed alone, but some have Cainite backing.
The vampires in question are a handful of adven-
turous Lasombra captains and their allies among
the Assamite sorcerer caste. The former contrib-
ute ships and crews; the latter apply their mastery
of weather and more directly offensive magics to
the effort. The precise numbers of vampires in-
volved, as well as their exact agendas in their
piracy, are unknown.

Currently, the Arabs hold the cities of Jerusalem
and Damascus, while the Crusaders control Acre and
Antioch. Each has its particular interest for Cainites.
Acre is believed to hold the True Cross (or fragments
thereof), which makes it a strong point of interest for
Christian Cainites and those who benefit from the
Crusaders' battles — though all Cainites who enter its
walls are said to die instantly in an eruption of pure
white flame. Jerusalem is something of an open city,
held under treaty for the past five years to allow Chris-
tians to enter and worship if they are unarmed (see
Jerusalem by Night for details). Damascus is the source
for steel and silk which are unsurpassed by any in the
known world, and it is home to several mortal and
supernatural artificers. It is also a major worship center
for Muslims and Christiansalike, with over 500 mosques
and the ruins of the Church of St. John the Baptist.
Antioch is the farthest point to which many European
pilgrims journey in the Holy Land, as it is the northern-
most major city within the Holy Land that the Crusaders
holdsecurely. As such, it has become the contemporary
equivalent of a "tourist city," with attractions to tempt

visiting commoners and the defending garrison alike.


While the Assamites of the Holy Land are no more
numerous than elsewhere, they are certainly more
visible here. The warrior caste indisputably dominates
the clan's affairs, and they enjoy support from the more
martially inclined members of the sorcerers. Almost
every Assamite in the Holy Land is Muslim, or at least
supports the followers of Islam. Those who do not
endorse the local beliefs, including many Jewish mem-
bers of the clan, have long since moved east to Arabia
ornorth to Byzantium, leaving local affairs in the hands
of those who have the most to gain or lose. The most
ardently Muslim Assamites followed Islam in life, so
many of those who reside here are neonates and ancillae.
There are elders as well, but their dedication to Islam is
less straightforward.

As the warrior caste is predominant here, Assamite
influence over mortal affairs is shaky. Few local viziers
survived the continual battles of the past century; those
who have are nearly as inclined to war as their warrior
brethren. The one exception to this rule is the city of
Damascus, which is the clan's center of power in the
region. It is home to a cabal of viziers and sorcerers who
are said to count al-Ashrad, the head of the sorcerer
caste, among their numbers. These elders share Dam-
ascus with a handful of decadent Toreador who proclaim
themselves the city's rulers. Christian Cainite pilgrims
to the city are allowed entrance, but scrying sorcerers or
young warriors training in the arts of surveillance
continually watch them from afar. Damascus is a per-
manent home to perhaps a dozen Assamites, with up to
twice as many transients staying there for a few nights
to a few months before moving on to their individual
tasks in the Holy Land.

Assamite relations with other Cainites in the Holy
Land are complex and dynamic. The clan has strong
allies among many Malkavians, who claim to be de-
fending the Holy Land because their clan founder
sleeps somewhere beneath it (and privately, many
Assamites express the opinion that this would be a
satisfactory explanation for the madness of the past
century). Likewise, the Followers of Set defend the
region as fervently as the most bloodthirsty Assamite
warrior. Egypt is their home, and the Crusades threaten
it as well. Most Assamites are glad enough of the aid of
Set's children when battle rages, though their con-
tinual subversion of mortal affairs will have to be dealt
with sooner or later. Finally, the surprisingly large
numbers of local Nosferatu and Toreador who have
adopted Islam are staunch allies of the Assamites. The

Nosferatu are the most welcome allies for many
Assamites, because their motives are the most straight-
forward and acceptable; the Toreador are reliable in
their own roles, but are seen to be of little value in the
middle of a war. Ventrue and Christian Lasombra, on
the other hand, are likely to be killed on sight; they are
the enemy, and they are offered no quarter.

EGyetT

Though the Followers of Set watch Egypt with
near-absolute mastery, the kingdom is a point of inter-
est for many Assamites. Like the Almohad Empire, it is
a major focal point for learning, and sorcerers and
viziers often rub shoulders with Brujah, Cappadocian,
Tzimisce and Setite scholars in the schools of Cairo.
One group of Assamite historians resides in Alexandria
where they try to reconstruct the knowledge contained
in the Library of Alexandria. Through careful, me-
thodical research, these dedicated Cainites slowly
unearth hidden stores of scrolls saved from the fire and
extract tidbits of lost knowledge from the ashes of those
which were destroyed. They do this with the tacit
approval of the city's Toreador prince Marcellus, al-
though some local Setites are said to oppose the project.

BYZANTIUM

The Byzantine Empire is the melting pot of the
Western world, an area where three continents meet
in an intricate dance of political maneuvering that
will spawn an adjective from its complexity. In the
shadowed halls of Constantinople and the fallen
temples of Athens, Caine's heirs carry out their eter-
nal schemes with a sophistication that is unmatched
in the European courts, mirroring the mortals' own
plots and stratagems. In this fertile environment, the
Assamites have adapted so well that their more straight-
forward brethren in the Holy Land would be
hard-pressed to distinguish them from other Cainites.
Many Assamite elders consider the Byzantine mortals
"acceptable" (meaning "not European enough to be
discriminated against"). A sharp-eyed observer can
find Greeks, Turks and Russians alongside Arabs and
Cypriots in the clan's ranks.

Nowhere is the role of assassin more prevalent
among those of the warrior caste than in Byzantium.
Though the front lines of the Crusades are in the Holy
Land, this is where many of the Cainite powers behind
the Crusades make their homes: far enough from the
fighting to be safe from a stray raid, yet close enough to

BOOK TWO: SARACENS


supervise their favored mortal pawns. If this were not
enough, the native Cainites have found the Assamites
to be one of the best "neutral" sources of aid in further-
ing their own plots by removing inconvenient obstacles.

The sorcerers come to western Byzantium more
and more frequently in these nights, though they
often disguise themselves as mortal sorcerers or mem-
bers of other clans. Their main concern here is to
observe the spread of Tremere influence eastward and,
in doing so, to learn as many of the Usurpers' Hermetic
secrets as they can. This has beena less than successful
venture, for the Tremere show an unfortunately strong
ability to detect scrying attempts. Wizards' duels have
shattered many a night, and both sides suffer grievous
losses in this shadowy campaign. The sorcerers are
considering enlisting the aid of the Byzantine Tzimisce
in their mission, but neither side has made a definite
commitment yet.

The viziers who serve clan interests in the Empire
are perhaps the most radically different of the castes
when compared to their counterparts in other areas of
the world. Forced by circumstances to adapt or perish,
they are every bit as skilled at political manipulation
and courtly intrigues as the most devious Toreador or
Setite. Some observers say that the viziers are assassins
as deadly as the warriors, though they wield rumors
instead of weapons. More than one Crusade backer has
found his allies deserting him in his moment of greatest
need through the viziers' machinations.

The Assamites' alliances and vendettas in
Byzantium are as impossible to track as those of any
other clan, with the notable exception of the Tremere-
vizier feud. Tonight's mortal enemies may be tomorrow's
boon companions in the complex web of loyalties that
spans the Empire. The only constant is a paradoxical
one: that there are no constants.

ARABIA AND PERSIA

Many Cainites think of the lands east of the Cru-
sader States as the Assamites' "homelands." There is a
certain degree of truth to this belief, as many of the
eldest members of the clan dwell here. The ancient
fortress known as Alamut, which Assamite legend
holds that Haqim himself built, is somewhere in the
mountains of northern Persia, and from here the clan's
leaders attempt to maintain control over their far-flung
brethren. The jagged peaks and deep-shadowed valleys
hold thousands of tiny communities, and many of these
are occasionally visited by native sons dead for centu-

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

ties. Many believe the fabled First and Second Cities lie
in this land as well. The Assamites guard this region
relentlessly, but exactly what the objects of their guard-
ianship may be is a matter of conjecture.

THE KEENING

Since the rise of Islam, the entire Arabian
Peninsula has been an uncomfortable place for
Cainites. The holy cities of Mecca and Medina
are the apparent sources of the Keening, an eerie
rumbling howl that only vampires can hear. The
Keening rises and sets with the sun — it begins as
a faint whisper on the edge of consciousness
shortly before dawn and peaks as a shrieking
cacophony at noon. Sleeping Cainites hear the
roar as they slumber. Until two centuries ago, the
Keening was so extreme as to drive weak-willed
Cainites to the brink of frenzy or insanity within
a day. However, a cabal of Muslim Nosferatu
(now knownas the Hajj) somehow enacted wards
around Mecca that damp the Keening to a bear-
able level (and the sorcerers would dearly love to
know how this was done).

Visitors find the Keening rather unsettling
during their first week in the region. They must
spend one Willpower point to sleep or they are at
+1 difficulty to avoid Rétschreck the next night.
Local Cainites are accustomed to the Keening,
and some actually sleep poorly if they travel
outside its range of effect.

For the most part, the Arabian Peninsula is too
thinly populated to support more than a single vampire
in any given area, and the Keening drives away all but
the most devout, willful or insensitive. Many of the
local Cainites, who include Gangrel and Followers of
Set as well as all three Assamite castes, are loosely
affiliated with roaming tribes of Bedouin nomads, "adopt-
ing" one particular group for a generation or two before
moving on.

Mecca and Medina, the two holiest cities of the
Muslim faith, lie on the eastern coast of the Red Sea.
Meccais the birthplace of Mohammed, and it holds the
Great Mosque. All Muslims who are capable of doing so
are expected to make at least one pilgrimage to Mecca
in their lives. Medina contains several important
mosques as well as Mohammed's tomb. Bands of roving
warriors and sorcerers guard the outskirts of both cities
from non-Islamic Cainites; only Muslims may enter


either city, mortal or Cainite. These guardians are
some of the most devout Muslimsamong the Assamites,
and theirs is a soul-wearying task. Though they protect
these holiest of sites, they may not enter them. Both
cities radiate such powerful auras of faith that any
Cainite passing their gates is subjected to fiery agony
that dims the wrath of the noon sun by comparison.
The faithful say that the Hajj Nosferatu can enter the
city, but more cynical Cainites discount that as legend.

Farther east lies Baghdad, the seat of the Caliphate.
In past centuries, the Caliph was the political leader of
Islam; now, he is "simply" the head of the Muslim faith.
This city is a center of life in the region in many ways:
agricultural, intellectual, artistic, spiritual. Baghdad is
also a major trade center. The main road between
Baghdad and Damascus is one of the most well-traveled
in the area, and most caravans destined for Persia and
Taugast originate here. Assamites are common in the
city and its surrounding communities, and many of these
individuals are true ancients. All three castes take a great
deal of interest in parts east; Baghdad is the center of their
study and their logistical base for expeditions eastward.

THE OUTLANDS

In general, the Assamites have an influence struc-
ture that extends farther southeast than that of most
other clans. Thus, they have much more congress with
the strange vampires of Taugast than do most European
Cainites (though this is a matter of very small degrees).
Vizier merchants and sorcerer researchers who accom-
pany Arab trading caravans eastward have occasionally
encountered far-flung bloodlines whose lineage is diffi-
cult, if not impossible, to trace in traditional Cainite
fashion. To complicate the matter, most of these indi-
viduals claim to have never heard of Caine or his
descendants — though they darkly mutter of thieves
and liars from the West. Oddly enough, some of the
native vampires of India display grotesque powers simi-
lar to those of the Tzimisce, though they avow no
relation to the Fiends, and the Byzantine Tzimisce have
no knowledge of Eastern "cousins." Even this paltry
information has been difficult for the Assamites to
acquire, for the Eastern vampires have no love for
anyone from the West and they are more likely to rend
the flesh from a vizier's bones than to speak two words
to him. The few sorcerers who have survived such
encounters and had the opportunity to inspect their
fallen foes report that these strangers' powers may well
be of infernal origin.

Assamite explorers have also followed trade routes
south, down the eastern coast of Africa and through the
Saharan wasteland. There they have encountered
Gangrel and Laibon fellow-travelers and found some
shelter among the local populations. In this frontier,
Assamite reach is closely tied to the presence of Arab
and Berber traders they use as cover and food supply.
Stories of hostile encounters with local spirits and
animal-warriors also filter back to Alamut.

AFFAIRS AND
CONCERNS

Though we are diverse and far-ranging, there are
matters that occupy the attention of us all. Some have
but trivial bearing on an outsider, and I mention them
only as idle curiosities. Others may mean all the world to
you in the coming nights.

Fortress ALAMUT

Though written in legendary form, this passage is the
most accurate account we have of the founding of our
stronghold. This is the opening of the Chronicle of the
Heartblood:

"So it was that when the decay of the Second City
began to grow, and discontent boiled in the hearts of
Khayyin's spawn, Hagim led his Children into the harsh
mountains. For nights upon end he strode forward,
guided by some unknown inspiration, neither looking
back nor hesitating in his march. At last he came to a
distant peak, barren and silent. He gathered his Children
around him and thrust his spear into the rock, and there
arose a black throne from the heart of the mountain. As
the throne rose, an eagle stooped and landed on it, and
regarded the Ancestor with hunter's eye.

"Here,' the Ancestor said. ‘Our home is here, from
this night until the Last. This place is ours, now and
forever — to gather, to watch, to remember and to
judge. This is the nest of eagles, and it shall ever be
known as such.'

"And the Children of Hagim raised up the mountain
around the throne and made it their home."

In the mountains of Asia Minor, if one knows
where to look, there is a narrow path that branches off
from the main trade road ina place where no villages lie
for dozens of miles. This route ascends the steepest of
slopes, passing close by treacherous depths where cold
winds howl to sweep the unwary to death on the sword-
sharp rocks far below. It has a hundred branches, each

BOOK TWO: SARHCENS


one leading to wastes more desolate than the last, and
it cannot be navigated without the favor of those who
built it. This is the road to Alamut, the Eagle's Nest, the
ancient stronghold of the Assamites.

From the outside, Alamut is little to look at: a small
hill fort made of black basalt, with walls far too short
and thin to withstand a siege should any army care to
expend effort making the climb. However, this is merely
the gatehouse of the fortress. Within the central struc-
ture of the fort, a wide, flat path opens, sloping down
into the mountain. This is where Alamut's actual
physical defenses begin, and members of all three castes
constantly maintain and upgrade them. In addition to
physical defenses, the fortress is also shrouded in en-
chantments that keep its location hidden fromall those
who its inhabitants do not allow to find it.

Within the mountain itself lie all the treasures of
the clan. Here are the training halls, where a hundred
warriors at a time may learn the ways of combat. Here
are countless laboratories for sorcerer and vizier to
experiment in all the arts of man. Here is the great
library with its ranks of stone tablets and scrolls and
books, the artifacts of ages past preserved by the schol-
ars who maintain the clan's histories. The catacombs

descend over two score levels into the mountain, and
they are so extensive thatno Assamite who has dwelt in
Alamutless thana century can be certain of knowing all
their twists, turns and secrets. Indeed, some chambers
have lain closed for centuries, either by design or by the
silence of those who know what they contain. Enough
private chambers exist on the various levels to house
over a thousand Cainites and their mortal attendants.
Many Assamites maintain quarters here, though less
than 30 are in permanent residence and awake at any
given time.

THE BLACK THRONE

Alamut's great hall dominates the very center of
the fortress. This vast chamber is large enough to hold
overa thousand assembled individuals. It has no ceiling
as such, even though its walls extend far above what
innumerable measurements have confirmed is the level
of the floors above the hall. Visitors who look up see
nothing but a vast empty darkness stretching above
them, with the occasional flicker that bears a disquiet-
ing resemblance to a star, and those few who have
mustered the effort to remain awake during the day say
that the ceiling remains the same regardless of the


conditions outside the mountain. The walls are dark,
rough granite, and the floor's tiles — an intricate
pattern that marks out Haqim's own sigil — have been
te-laid a score of times to fend off the wear of thousands
of years of passage over them.

Only one item stands in the hall, directly opposite
the huge double doors that are its only entrance. Its
stark simplicity makes it dominate the hall even more.
This is the Black Throne of Haqim. It is smooth and
undecorated, and whatever stone it is made of resists all
attempts to mark it in any fashion. A wooden shaft the
size of aspear protrudes vertically from the right forward
corner of the throne. This is reputedly unbreakable, but
no Assamite admits to having attempted to test that
story. The Black Throne is seemingly part of the rock
on which it rests, though the vizier who restores the
floor of the hall every century maintains that the rock
below the tiles is not the same as that of the seat. The
Throne is traditionally the single symbol of office of the
Eldest, leader of the clan. Only he may occupy it, and
all understand that the Eldest is merely acting in the
place of the Ancestor Haqim, whose rightful seat the
Throne is and who will one night return to the clan and
make himself known by drawing out his spear.

Haqi's WHEREABOUTS

Though Assamites rarely speak of the mat-
ter, the issue of their clan founder's fate greatly
troubles many clan elders. As far as the official
record goes, Haqim last graced Alamut over a
millennium ago. Shortly thereafter, he briefly
appeared in the British Isles in the company of a
Ventrue known as Mithras, and then seemingly
disappeared from the face of the earth. A persis-
tent rumor that Alamut's masters have never
been able to eradicate says that Haqim left be-
cause of the clan's failure to perform its duty,
though precisely what that duty was differs with
every telling of the tale. Ancillae on either side
of the warrior-vizier conflict often bring up this
apocryphal tale.

Tue HEARTBLOOD

Three levels below the great hall lies another
chamber whose significance to the Assamites equals,
and perhaps exceeds, that of the throne room. This is
the Vault of the Heartblood, the spiritual center of
Hagim's line. The room is small, perhaps a dozen paces
on a side, and all its surfaces are smooth obsidian

polished to a shine rivaling that of the finest mirror. In
the very center of the Vault, a basalt well rises from the
floor. Itis roughly an arm's length across, and no one has
ever determined its depth. This well contains the clan's
Heartblood. It is the mingled blood of every Assamite
to ever journey to Alamut, as well as every one who has
fallen and left behind such remains as could be added to
the Heartblood. According to some legends, Haqim
sleeps in the depths of the well, though the elders who
reside at Alamut, known as the silsila, believe this tale
isan allegory indicating that a good portion of the blood
in the well is the Ancestor's. Aside from the well, the
room is bare, save fora pair of wooden writing desks used
by the sorcerer scribes who dispatch messages to the
clan using the Heartblood.

The Heartblood has several special properties in
and of itself. It is purely Cainite vitae, though all
attempts to determine its exact potency fail. An Assamite
who sips from the well experiences an epiphany of
purpose and loyalty to the clan. Any blood taken from
the Heartblood returns to it after three nights' time,
even if it is within an individual who drank it, so it is
unsuitable as a blood supply for long journeys. The well
itself is enchanted to keep the blood circulating and
fresh forever.

FAITH

It is one of the great paradoxes of our clan that so
many of us cling tightly to the teachings of one mortal
religion or another. Our library at Alamut holds writings
that predate all of them; should we not, then, rise above
such beliefs and seek truer forms of understanding of the
divine? Yet so many of us do not, instead clinging to
Christianity, Islam, Judaism or more esoteric teachings as
a drowning man grasps a straw.

To the Western eye, a single-minded devotion to
Islam is one of the Assamites' defining characteristics.
Those who give any degree of thought to this matter
find such adherence to mortal belief ludicrous at best.
Mohammed founded his religion less than six centuries
ago; many Cainites who were in the region at the time
recall the events of Islam's birthing throes, and a good
number of Assamites who are still active today are so old
as to predate the faith.

In truth, the Assamites as a whole have never fully
embraced Islam, though those who did are among the
most vocal and visible members of the clan, and many
who did not adopt the faith did at least support its
spread. The religion does hold a great deal of appeal for
the Children of Hagim, who find echoes of an earlier,

BOOK TWO: SARHCENS


more noble time in its harsh formal codes of justice and
who endorse the belief that prophets are merely men
with special gifts. As a result, Islam generally receives
more respect from the Assamites than Christianity
with its seeming (to the Saracen eye) hypocrisy and
corruption, though individual Christian Assamites may
hold the reverse opinion.

ON VIE

Many Assamites follow Roads other than
that of Blood. The practitioners of the Via
Sanguinius are those Assamites who are most
convinced of theirsuperiority to all other Cainites
and who follow the records of Haqim's teachings
the most literally. Like the Assamites who follow
the Islamic faith, the impact of their actions and
words far outweighs their actual numbers within
the clan.

Many sorcerers and viziers prefer the Via
Humanitatis, having never lost their mortal codes
of ethics. Assamites who were particularly devout
followers of their mortal religions, or who became
such after receiving the Blood, follow various
branches of the Via Caeli, whose tenetsare equally
applicable to Christianity, Judaism and Islam with
only minor alterations (and none that affect the
Hierarchy of Sins for the Road in question). Some
warriors and viziers who view themselves as nobil-
ity of one sort or another practice beliefs that are,
for all intents and purposes, the Via Equitum —
and, surprisingly enough, some ancient Assamites
of Zoroastrian faith adhere to their own version of
this Road. Many elders who predate all current
mortal religions follow odd versions of their own
faiths, modified for vampiric existence. And, of
course, as with all other clans, there are those rare
few fallen Assamites who walk the Via Diabolis.

The clan also holds many adherents to other faiths.
The Jewish people in particular have lived in lands in
which the clan held sway since their faith arose, and no
few of their number have been brought into Haqim's
brood. Some followers of various Far Eastern faiths have
been Embraced during Assamite explorations into
Taugast and India, though they are a small minority
and either abandon their practices or keep them to
themselves. Individual elders who predate Christ prac-

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

tice even older religions. Some follow Zoroastrian be-
liefs, while others claim to worship the classical Greek
gods by right of the legacy of the Furies.

The Via Sanguinius is an almost uniquely Assamite
philosophy, and one that has been with the clan for its
entire recorded history. Its tenets are simple: that all
Cainites aside from the Children of Haqim have been
judged and found wanting (judged by whom is a matter
of some conjecture among scholars of the Road), and
the Assamites' sacred duty is to purge the world of these
morally inferior immortals. By hoarding the blood of
other Cainites, they are assured of having a worthy gift
for the Ancestor when he arises from the sleep of ages
and leads them in a final holy war. Diablerie is a
sacrament, for each inferior so destroyed in this manner
strengthens his devourer and is one less potential en-
emy to threaten the clan as a whole. As most Cainites
do not treat mortals fairly or honestly, those who walk
the Via Sanguinius strive to rise above this dishonor-
able behavior and view themselves as the hidden
protectors of humanity. The Via Sanguinius limits its
proponents' ability to deal with other Cainites on any
basis save that of immortal enemies, though individual
adherents make exceptions for individuals or groups
whose purposes they favor, and degrees of antagonism
toward Cainites as a whole vary from follower to fol-
lower. The Road's followers are limited in number —
though the Crusades have prompted more and more
Assamites to seek instruction in this Road. The rest of
the clan views them with both respect and wariness,
and fears that the fanatics' actions may bring down a
shattering response upon all the Children of Hagim.

Tue Laws or HAQIM

In his wisdom, the Ancestor saw that were his
Children to prosper, they would need rules to govern
them. He laid down these laws so that all might benefit.
As with all mortal laws, they are not perfect, nor are
they always honored to the fullness of their spirit — but
they are our legacy and our strength.

The oldest teachings of Haqim are the centerpiece
of the library at Alamut. They are engraved in Enochian
on a series of clay tablets that various arts of the viziers
have kept in a near-perfect state of preservation. Trans-
lations differ; the following laws are the most commonly
accepted versions, and the ones that the majority of the
clan currently practices. They do bear some superficial
resemblance to the European Traditions, but Assamites
generally place the Laws before the Traditions. Those


members of the clan who spend any amount of time in
Europe usually learn to moderate their behavior and to
pay at least minimal respect to the Traditions.

© Honor the Eldest among you, for he is to rule my
House when I am absent. This is the mandate by which
the oldest active fourth-generation Assamite rules
Alamut and the clan as a whole under the title of
"Eldest." It is generally accepted as a guideline for
conduct outside the clan stronghold as well; if two or
more Assamites are in the same locale, the eldest
among them is usually their leader.

Ward the mortals from Khayyin's brood and treat
them with honor in all things. The Assamites widely
believe that Haqim held the other Cainite clans in
contempt for their treatment of the kine. The Assamites'
duty to "ward the mortals" means that they rarely drain
their vessels dry when feeding and almost never con-
sider individual mortals to be expendable pawns. In
practice, minor violations of this law are quite frequent,
though simple peer pressure prevents more obvious or
excessive transgressions.

© Slay not those of the Blood, for that right is of the
Eldest alone. Despite the similarity of this law to the
Second Tradition, the Assamites interpret "Blood" to
mean "Blood of Haqim." They do not extend this
courtesy to other Cainites. Duels between Assamites
are a very common means of conflict resolution (the
law does not say "harm not"), though these are never
intentionally to the death. If the hatred between two
Assamites is so great that they cannot abide one an-
other, the commonly accepted (and most honorable)
solution is for both to gather their belongings and travel
in opposite directions for one lunar month.

© Deceive not those of the Blood, for my House is
founded on Truth. Again, "Blood" means "Blood of
Haqim" to the Assamites. They do not lie to one
another, nor do they steal from each other. A member
of the clan who is caught in a malicious deception
(gossip is politely ignored unless it is critically damag-
ing) is held down by four of his peers while an elder rips
his tongue out of his mouth. An Assamite thief loses his
hand. In both cases, the raw wound is smeared with an
herbal unguent that keeps the criminal from regenerat-
ing the lost appendage for one lunar month. The clan
has few repeat offenders.

¢ Judge those of Khayyin's brood and punish them
should they be found wanting. This is the most widely
disputed of the laws. Many warriors, led by adherents of
the Via Sanguinius, claim that this is a mandate to

destroy all Cainites who do not measure up to Assamite
standards of honor — which is just about every Cainite
in existence. The viziers maintain that Haqim intended
this law to be a mandate for justice among Cainites, not
an excuse for genocide, and that other vampires should
be judged and treated on an individual basis. The
sorcerers are strangely silent; al-Ashrad has forbidden
his caste to partake in the debate on this issue.

AWN UNpyING Tuirst

Our greatest shame, our greatest fear — and our
greatest disgrace. For all the power of the sorcerers, we
cannot break the curse that the Baali laid upon us when
we overthrew them at Chorazin and sent them screaming
to meet their masters. One by one, our warriors fall
before this madness, and nightly the task of hiding it
becomes more difficult.

Five hundred years ago, the Assamite warriors made
war on the Baali of the Holy Land as part of their effort
to support the rise of Islam. They sent their mortal
pawns against the heretics of the Baali and engaged the
dark masters of those cults in brutal combat. The Baali
were no match for the fury of the Assamites, and they
showered empty curses on the heads of the warriors as
they fell back to their unholy city of Chorazin.

During the Baali retreat, tragedy befell the warriors.
One of the greatest among them, the ancient Izhim
abd' Azrael, was struck down and taken captive. The
warriors, enraged beyond all reason, assaulted Chorazin
with their full might. With their mortal army behind
them, they breached the city's walls in short order and
made for the temple where the Baali covens prepared
for their last stand. As the first warrior set foot in that
unhallowed hall, though, a black fire raced through his
veins and he fell to the ground in agony. His comrades
were likewise afflicted, and they suffered grievous losses
before a host of sorcerers led by the Amr himself arrived
to assist them. The Assamite forces overran the temple
and rescued Izhim abd' Azrael from where he lay staked
on the Baali altar, apparently the intended victim of
some gruesome sacrifice.

It was not until Izhim restored himself to speech
that the Assamites learned the truth of what had
transpired before their final assault. He had been no
sacrifice, but rather the focal point ofa ritual that struck
at the very heart of the clan. "As you thirst for our
blood," the Baali high priest had told him, "so you shall
hunger for all blood for all time." Izhim was the first
victim of this curse — he nearly drained dry the warrior

BOOK TWO: SARACENS


who offered him blood to heal himself. He had been
struck with an irresistible madness, a soul-deep craving
for Cainite blood.

Izhim was of the Fifth Generation, one of the first
warriors Embraced after the fall of the Second City. He
was once Dispossessed but later rejoined the clan and
served as Caliph for a brief time before stepping down
to wander the deserts. His blood was strong and old
enough to serve as a focal point for a curse that is still
creeping across the warrior caste. The hunger slowly
passes through the ranks without any rational pattern,
touching neonate and Methuselah alike with its mad-
ness. To date, perhaps half the caste is so afflicted.
Many have journeyed east to India or Taugast so that
they may be removed from the temptation of Europe's
Cainite-rich cities, but many more have given in to
their cravings and fallen upon foe and ally alike. The
sorcerers struggle nightly to break the curse, but they
fear that the powers invoked in its casting were stronger
than even they can master. In time, all of the Assamite
warriors may well fall under the spell, and even the
wisest vizier can only guess at what will transpire then.

THE CLAN AND THE

DISPOSSESSED

Though we offer a wealth of opportunities to the new
Child of Hagim, many choose to walk their own paths,
free from the commands of their elders but also far away
from any measure of assistance we might otherwise offer
them. It is a tragedy, but Hagim's teachings are not for
everyone who is given the Blood.

The Assamites present a unified front, but they are
far from a monolithic Cainite organization. The clan's
hierarchy is loose at best and many Assamites go for a
decade without seeing another. However, the arts of the
sorcerers ensure that most of the clan remains loosely
connected and aware of events that affect the line as a
whole. Every Assamite who chooses to remain loyal to
and associated with the clan after the Embrace makes a
pilgrimage to Alamut within the first seven years of her
unlife. There, she ritually adds her blood to the
Heartblood. This spiritually connects her to the clan as
a whole and allows the silsila's sorcerers to send her
missives from Alamut if the need arises. She is also


given a magical link to the Eldest and to her sire so that
they may know the circumstances of her death if she
should fall. The ascent of a new Eldest to the black
throne is one of the few occasions on whichall Assamites
try to return to Alamut, so that they may be linked to
their new "ruler."

More frequently than the Assamites care to admit,
a new individual is given the Blood but declines to
name herself one of the Children of Hagim. Such an
Assamite is known as Dispossessed. She is not bound to
obey the laws of the clan, but neither can she automati-
cally claim the right to sanctuary or solidarity in time of
need. Individual Assamites who remain loyal to the
whole may choose to assist her, but they are not obli-
gated to do so. The Dispossessed are not clanless; they
still exhibit the same traits as all other Assamites of
their caste and undergo the same darkening with age.
Perhaps one in four Cainites of Assamite blood is
Dispossessed, with the majority of these belonging to
the warrior caste and the fewest being found among the
sorcerers. Many of those who peddle their services as
the "assassins of Alamut" to European princes are in
fact Dispossessed and serving only their own interests.

Occasionally, an Assamite decides that her path
and that of the clan are no longer the same. In theory,
she may return to Alamut and request to be withdrawn
from the rituals that bind her to the Eldest and her sire
(though her blood can never be removed from the
Heartblood) so that she may become Dispossessed. In
practice, any Assamite who takes this option receives
heavy scrutiny from Alamut's resident elders to ensure
that she is not turning traitor to the clan. Few individu-
als' resolve to leave survives this interrogation.

THE VIEW FROM THE

Mountain

A wise Cappadocian once gifted me with the advice,
"Do not ask questions to which you do not truly want the
answers." I believe this applies to the question of "How
do you see us?" Our thoughts on the childer of Caine are
less than pleasant in many instances, separated as we are
by belief, cause and geography. However, they are rarely
as straightforward as their subjects assume. As always,
these thoughts may change based on the individual or the
area — for example, the viziers of Byzantium count the
Toreador as staunch allies, while the Holy Land's
warriors see the Artisans as little better than the Ventrue.

Nobility shattered by pride. The Brujah forget what
they have lost even nightly, and more of their younger
members take to the ways of the bandit and the iconoclast
rather than expend the effort to better their station. They
stand as a warning of what we may become — or, some
viziers say, as a signpost on the path we have already taken.

The Assamites have a great deal of respect for the
Brujah —and a great deal of pity. The elders of the clan
are storehouses of knowledge that the viziers and sorcer-
ers trade with at every opportunity. The younger Brujah,
however, revel in their line's downfall, and make uncer-
tain allies at best. For now, the Assamites watch the
Brujah carefully to ensure that they do not bring too
many of Hagim's children down with them in their
long, slow fall.

CAPPADOCIANS

Loathsome magicians, but admirable scholars. Were
they to practice more savory arts, we might find them more
palatable. As they are, the leaming they amass is all that
keeps us from cutting them down as abominations in the
face of whatever gods the individual swordsman claims.

The Cappadocians have a combined allure and
repugnance. They are, by and large, a peaceful clan, and
their influence rests lightly, if at all, on the Crusades.
Their preference for study over action makes them
favorites of the viziers, and individuals of the two clans
often trade parts of their libraries or indulge in joint
researches. The sorcerers would dearly love to master
some of the Cappadocians' secret magics, but all at-
tempts thus far have met with gruesome failure. This
string of unmitigated disasters has led many Assamites
to believe that the powers on which the Cappadocians
draw are something less than reputable, and the clan as
a whole has acquired a poor reputation as a result.

FOLLOWERS OF SET

Allies of convenience, nothing more. Though we
share land with these beasts, that is all that we share, and
we await the night that we can drag them shrieking from
their crypts and catacombs and leave them impaled and
tied to the shattered ruins of their homes. Their blasphe-
mous claims of a god-sire will be disproved as dawn greets
the desert.

In many areas of North Africa and the Middle East,
the Setites are the only Cainites that the Assamites can
call allies. This situation is to the liking of neither clan
— the Assamites recognize their weakness in the arena
of manipulating mortals and Cainites alike, and the

BOOK TWO: SHRACENS


Setites fear the combined martial prowess of the war-
riors and sorcerers. For the moment, the two clans are
united by the Crusades, but constant friction threatens
to ignite a shadow war in Egypt and the Holy Land.

GANGREL

Respectable for their honesty and honor, even as
they should be reviled for their willingness to live as
beasts. We may have been cursed to drink blood and flee
the light of the sun, but that is little reason to descend
below what we would have been as men.

Gangrel opposition to Christianity has made indi-
vidual members of the clan many friends among the
Assamites, and Assamite exploration of Africa and
Asia has increased the clan's stock in Gangrel eyes.
However, the Assamites pride themselves on being
guardians of culture and learning, while the Gangrel
shun all but the essential trappings of civilization.
Many of the Gangrel in lands now controlled by the
Arabs also dislike Islam as much as any other "civiliz-
ing" faith. Such opposed views result in many
unfortunate misunderstandings that doom what would
otherwise be successful cooperation.

LASOMBRA

Some are as brothers, while others are our most
hated enemies — and the difference is not always clear
on first meeting. Shadow's children are to be treated
warily, and given the respect that is due a close ally or a
worthy opponent. The Lasombra who is the former
tonight may be the latter by dusk tomorrow.

The Lasombra debate issues of faith — especially
Muslim and Christian faith — even more than the
Assamites. Christian Lasombra clash with Assamites in
Iberia, and, toa lesser extent, in the Holy Land, even as
alliances form on the other side of the battle lines. More
than any other clan, the Assamites judge the Lasombra
as individuals rather than painting all Magisters with
the same brush. While never friends, the Lasombra are
tobe respected —and, in the eyes of the Assamites, that
is a greater gift than simple fondness would be.

MALKAVIANS

They are dreamers and seers, and they know many
things. However, few of these things have any bearing on
the world as the rest of us know it. Give charity to the
mad if they are willing to accept it, but never humble
yourself before them. Heed their words, but do not
follow them. And whatever you do, never become
indebted to one.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

Allah says that the madare to be sheltered. However,
the non-Muslim Assamites have their doubts about the
wisdom of this advice, having been the victims of far too
many Malkavian jests. For the moment, the Malkavians
receive what can best be described as "wary indulgence."
The Assamites realize that Malkav's menagerie often
receives gifts of prophecy, but they prefer to rely on their
own sorcerer and vizier seers for more reliable, if less

earth-shaking, information.

NosFERATU

If there is a place that you must know is absolutely
safe, look for a Nosferatu. If one allows himself to be
found in that place, then you will know it is secure. If
you do not see one, there are two possibilities. Either the
place is not as secure as you think and he has deserted it,
or it is just as secure as you think and he is watching you
to see what business you plan to conduct there.

The Assamites are sharply split down religious lines
on the treatment of the Nosferatu. Some members of
the clan maintain that physical deformity is a sign of
divine disfavor and that Nosferatu are not to be trusted.
Most of the rest of the Assamites, however, remember
that the Nosferatu have been honest with them — and
allied to them — at times when no other Cainites
would. This dual treatment has left many Nosferatu
skittish of the Assamites, and the flow of information
between the two clans has ebbed over the last few
centuries. Islamic Assamites know of a group of faithful
Nosferatu called the Hajj, who live in Arabia but travel
to other Muslim lands. They are rumored to be able to
enter the holy city of Mecca and to somehow control
the Keening of Arabia.

RAVNos

Islam mandates a simple method for dealing with a
thief: cut off his hand. In the case of the Ravnos, we
prefer to sear the stump with a firebrand, the better to
ensure that the hand in question does not return to our
purses later. Those who prefer stealing knowledge to
stealing trinkets can usually be dealt with on a more
civilized basis.

For Ravnos who fit the popular image of the clan,
the Assamites have neither respect nor tolerance, and
they usually apply Islamic justice to ensure that lessons
in honesty stay taught. However, most Assamites will
admit that many Ravnos have sage advice to offer, as
their wanderings have given them insight into many of
the cultures and areas that the Assamites are only now
exploring. The Charlatans do not appear organized (or
Christian) enough topresenta threat, and the Assamites


are largely resistant to phantasmal trickery, so the two
clans leave each other mostly unmolested unless indi-
viduals decide to trade information on their travels.

TOREADOR

If their ethics were matched by their dedication to the
arts, they would be worthy companions. As it is, they
fall somewhat short of many admirable goals — includ-
ing modesty, chastity and general restraint. Their
continued pursuit of the pleasures of flesh is laughable,
and they are too flighty to make reliable allies. They are,
however, a good audience for the craftsmen among us.

The Assamites and Toreador have enjoyed a long
history of mutual trade. This has given the Assamites
ample time to observe the Artisans, and their assess-
ment is that the Toreador are delightful company but
pitifully ineffectual in any arena save the political.
Amused acceptance characterizes the relations that
Hagim's descendants have with the Artisans. Unfortu-
nately, these generally friendly relations are eroding
quickly because of the Toreador support of the Chris-
tian Reconquista.

TREMERE

The Usurpers are desperate for any friends they can
find. This would make them ripe for exploitation, were
they not so adept at discovering treachery. They have
shown the world they are not to be trusted, so the only
remaining method of dealing with them is the way one
deals with any other rogue wizard: a sword in the throat
or a curse on his house. We pay no heed to their claims
of supremacy in the arcane arts, for we were practicing
such magics when their so-called clan was little more
than a naughty twinkle in the eye of their mortal master.

Saulot's brood was one of the Assamites' favorites,
and the recent hunts against them sit poorly with many
members of the clan. The Tremere have earned a
second mark against themselves in the books of the
sorcerers, who are both amused and offended by the
self-styled Tremere image as the "masters of blood
magic." In Assamite eyes, the Tremere have neither the
right to the power they have claimed nor the maturity
to use it properly. The lesson that must be taught the
Usurpers will be an extended and bloody one, and
members of all three castes relish the thought of it.
Those sorcerers who have directly confronted the
Tremere hold them in slightly higher esteem, if only for
the powers at their command.

The Tzimisce revel in their inhumanity. While self-
knowledge is admirable, they take the principle far past
the point of distortion — in all possible manners. Their
claims to nobility may have some tiny scrap of truth
secreted away in the distant past, but they are little better
than power-mad beasts now. They do enjoy a certain
measure of strength, however, so they are best treated
with some small amount of courtesy.

To the Assamites, the Fiends are everything that is
deplorable about the Cainite condition. They are unre-
strained and open in their inhumanity, and they revel
in their absolute mastery over their mortal subjects. The
Assamites, who advise rather than rule and nurture
rather than dominate, find this behavior reprehensible.
However, the Tzimisce have mutual enemies in the
Ventrue and Tremere, so they must be tolerated, much

like the Setites.

‘VENTRUE

Though the forces they command are impressive,
their reliance on tradition and history leaves them
standing still when confronted with any sudden change.
Their very inability to change will be their undoing, for
what good is the most steadfast fortress as a defense if the
enemy strikes a hundred miles away?

The Ventrue have earned a grudging respect for the
prowess their knights and commanders have displayed
in their campaigns in the Holy Land. However, this
respect extends only to their abilities, not their motives
or desires. When possible, the Assamites try to turn
Lasombra or Tzimisce attention to the Ventrue so as to
avoid direct confrontation. When it is not, Haqim's
children defend their interests in the manner of which
they are most capable.

Baa

If we find one of these creatures, its treatment is
never in doubt. First, take the head as a trophy and burn
the body. Then raze its home, leaving no stone standing
atop another, and sow the ground with salt. Shatter its
sword, cleanse its altar with fire, and destroy all that the
foul being holds unholy. At the last, sell its mortal
followers as slaves to the most loathsome Setite within a
thousand miles and send its name to the Cappadocians so
that they may harness its soul to a chamber-pot. Have I
made myself clear?

The Assamites are at war with the Baali, and have
been so for half a millennium. No quarter is offered on
either side. The offense the Baali have given, and the

BOOK TWO: SHRACENS


possible implications of their actions, is too great for
forgiveness, and the Assamites will notstop until the last
Baali is so much dust scattered across the desert sand.

SALUBRI

Saulot's children are to be cherished and sheltered
whenever possible. Of all the far-flung seed of Caine,
they are perhaps the most noble in their own way. If they
cannot be defended, they must be avenged. Those who
sided with the Crusaders have since paid for their error in
judgment, and they no longer favor the Christian
invasion as they once did. We have no need to adminis-
ter further justice — the Salubri have suffered enough at
the Tremere's hands.

The Salubri and the Assamites were on good terms
for many centuries, simply because their interests so

rarely conflicted. The Salubri support of the Crusades
soured this relationship, so much so that the Saracens
have done little to halt the Tremere purge of Saulot's
childer. In recent nights, this attitude has begun to
shift; viziers now hide some Salubri fleeing the Tremere
purges, either secreting them in the Holy Land or
sending them east to Taugast. Those who supported the
les, however, receive no such shelter.

THE SOCIETY OF
ALLAMUT

We are a diverse people; perhaps more diverse than
any other clan, though this may be the opinion of my
pride rather than my reason. Nevertheless, we have
changed over the centuries, developing specialized roles
within our clan that allow us a degree of self-sufficiency
that others may lack. Alas, we have also developed many
failings — but I shall hold my tongue with regards to
those.

THE THREE LiNes oF HAQIM

Though many accounts portray the Assamites as a
unified society of assassins, this is far from the case. The
clan has a long and diverse history, and has split into
three distinct castes. Some claim that the castes are
recent developments, occurring within the last few
hundred years. The viziers who keep Alamut's libraries,
however, maintain that the clan's earliest recorded
histories, which they believe to be relics of the Second
City, speak of the division between the warriors and the


scholars. The sorcerers are a later development in the
clan, though their precise point of origin — warrior or
vizier — depends on the scholar who is sharing his
opinion. The question may be moot, and most Assamites
give it little consideration, for all three castes include
fourth-generation childer of Haqim. Thus, all three
castes are equally their founder's inheritors. The
Cappadocians and Tzimisce are free to prattle on about
"bloodlines," "true clans" and "patterns of descent and
mutation." Haqim's childer know who they are.

Each caste is, however, a separate line in terms of
blood and the Embrace — the same predisposition for
Disciplines and the same mystic weakness are passed on
from sire to childe, and each of these traits is different
for each caste. An Assamite's caste is the one into
which she is Embraced, and there is no known method
of changing this. A vizier may find that her true calling
is swordplay, and may even go on to receive extensive
training from members of the warriors, but her blood
will always mark her as a vizier first.

THe Warrior CASTE

Many outsiders take the warrior caste to be the
entirety of the Assamite clan. This suits the warriors
very well, for the most part. In Assamite internal
politics, the warrior caste dominates many of the clan's
affairs. Historically, the warriors tended to be the most
straightforward in word and deed. However, this has
changed over the past half-millennium, as the number
of assassins in the caste has risen due to events in
Byzantium, Arabia and the other new empires of the
region (new by Cainite standards, at least). This has
created a sharp division between the more traditional,
direct warriors who value face-to-face confrontation
and the adherents to the newer principles of assassina-
tion and deceit. The Caliph, the leader of the warrior
caste, has not spoken on this issue, which each side
takes to mean that he favors their stance. The current
Caliph is a fierce fighter named Jamal, who occasion-
ally breaks age-old protocol to step down from Alamut
and take a direct hand in clan affairs in the Holy Land.

The traditional role of the warriors has been as
defenders, both of the other castes and of the clan's
mortal charges. Members of this caste serve as body-
guards to traveling viziers and sorcerers, stand guard on
the walls of Baghdad and Damascus, hunt bandits in the
North African wastes, and match steel with Castilian
knights in Iberia. The warriors are the most ardent
Assamite supporters of Islam, and have been since the

religion's founding. Somewhat at odds with this, most
of the clan's followers of the Road of Blood are also
within the warrior caste.

Warriors almost always Embrace individuals who
possess some sort of martial prowess. This is not always
physical — many warriors are brought into the Blood to
preserve their knowledge of military science or to re-
ward a lifetime of faith or loyalty. New members of this
caste are almost exclusively males of North African or
Arab stock, though this has not always been the case
and several notable warrior elders are female, European
or West Asian, ora combination thereof. Most warriors
prefer to allow their new childer to go their own ways
after a brief period of orientation and instruction. If
they can hold their own against the world, then they are
welcome to doso. If they cannot, they will either return
and learn willingly or die in the discovery that they are
inadequate to the night's challenges.

Suggested Concepts: Archer, bodyguard, master
swordsmith, tactician, assassin, Bedouin nomad, spy,
siege engineer, hunter, chess grandmaster

Disciplines: Warrior Assamites have Celerity,
Obfuscate and Quietus as their "clan" Disciplines.

Weaknesses: As per Vampire: The Dark Ages,
any warrior is automatically identified as a diablerist
by any means of supernatural perception that can
reveal a history of Amaranth — even if he has never
so much as tasted the blood of another vampire, and
regardless of the degree of success that an observer
would normally need to detect such evidence. While
this may not seem like much of a liability, Cainite
courts are not noted for adherence to the principle of
"innocent until proven guilty."

The warrior caste has also developed the custom
that a warrior who takes mercenary assignments of any
sort is required to tithe 20 percent of his payment
(whatever form it may take) to his sire. This ensures
that the clan asa whole benefits from its individual sons
performing actions that are not necessarily in the
Assamites' direct interest. Of course, an "independent"
Assamite is free to ignore this prohibition, but one
whose sire chooses to extract "back pay" may regret his
selfishness.

THE SORCERER CASTE

The sorcerers have always enjoyed a unique status
within the clan. Respected for their power, yet feared
for that same knowledge, they stand apart from the
warriors and viziers. They are the force that allows the
Assamites to maintain a loosely unified clan structure

BOOK TWO: SAHRHCENS


over thousands of miles. Their spirit messengers tie the
clan together, their scrying mirrors reveal a thousand
hidden truths of the clan's enemies, their djinni servants
guard the clan's most secret places, and their leashed
fire and lightning scours battlefields before them. They
are led by a mighty wizard named al-Ashrad, a one-
eyed, one-armed man with a legion of beaten and
bound demons at his beck and call. Al-Ashrad, whose
formal title is Amr, spends much of his time in his
laboratories in Alamut, though he does occasionally
journey to Damascus.

Traditionally, the sorcerers provide what poeti-
cally inclined Assamites describe as the pillars and
buttresses of the clan, largely unseen support for the
other castes. Their magic can accomplish feats that defy
reason and faith alike, though its roots are found in
both. They consider themselves researchers and sages,
delving into the truths of the Cainite nature and the
world itself with tools both magical and mundane. This
lends credence to the belief that the sorcerers descend
from the viziers — though some, particularly those of
Iberia and the Holy Land, have chosen a decidedly
martial path.

The sorcerers tend to Embrace strong-willed indi-
viduals who are both adaptable and steadfast. They also
look for above-average intellectual development and
education, though these qualities can be — and often
are — ingrained after the Embrace. True to their
secondary role as scholars, the sorcerers do not always
look for magical potential if the mortal in question has
sufficient expertise in a field of interest. The sorcerers
Embrace from both genders and all nationalities. After
the Embrace, the new sorcerer usually serves a period of
apprenticeship ranging from a year to a few decades.
This is not always under the sorcerer's sire; several
elders of the caste are full-time mentors, and consider-
able prestige follows an apprenticeship served under
one of the more noted of these.

Suggested concepts: Astrologer, battle-mage, sur-
geon, master of djinni, mathematician, astronomer,
seer, Kabbalist, weather-wizard, artificer

Disciplines: Assamite sorcerers' "clan" Disciplines
are Auspex, Quietus and Assamite Sorcery (their ver-
sion of Thaumaturgy). Each individual sorcerer chooses
her primary path, though her sire and other teachers
usually have some say in the matter.

Weaknesses: Assamite sorcerers may be the eldest
practitioners of blood magic among the Cainite clans.
This tradition has left a distinctive mark on the sorcer-

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

ers (even those who don't themselves practice blood
magic heavily). Their aura always shows distinctive
patterns associated with blood magic, and all efforts to
observe them by supernatural means (Auspex and the
like) enjoy a -2 difficulty bonus and are considered to
operate at two levels higher for purposes of opposed
powers (so a character with Auspex 2 trying to pen-
etrate a sorcerer's Obfuscate has an effective Auspex 4).
Sorcererconcealment worksas well asany other Cainite's
against unaugmented observers, however.

VIZIERS

The viziers are the Assamites who diverge farthest
from the European stereotype of the clan. They are by
and large peaceful, tending to their own affairs and
those of the Assamites as a whole (though woe betide
the foolish opponent who assumes that all viziers are
harmless). The viziers are the most diverse of the three
castes, as devious politicians and foppish courtiers
stand alongside ink-stained scribes, wily traders and
deft-handed weavers. The leader of the viziers has the
title of Vizier, an arrangement that may seem awkward
to others but is rarely confusing to the Assamites
themselves, who make the differentiation with a subtle
emphasis on the when referring to the Vizier. The
current Vizier is an Egyptian known as Rebekah who
is unsurpassed in her understanding of Cainite and
mortal politics and courtly protocol. She is reputedly
active on the fringes of Byzantium's Cainite courts,
where she takes particular pleasure in maneuvering
other Cainites against Set's brood.

The viziers are, in large part, the Assamites' heart.
The warriors are disinclined to involve themselves in
mortal affairs, save for participating in violent conflict,
and the sorcerers are often too distanced from the
concerns of the living to be capable of taking a hand in
such matters. Thus, the responsibility of exerting influ-
ence over the Children of Seth falls to the viziers more
often than not. The viziers are also the Assamites who
deal the most with mortals on a social rather than a
predatory basis, though this is a generalization that
hardly applies to every member of the clan. Finally, the
viziers are the Assamites who most often take responsi-
bility for directly controlling the clan's most important
holdings, from the forges of Damascus to the trade
routes toward Taugast.

In Embracing, the viziers look for individuals
whose skills will be of long-term importance to the
clan, or those whose abilities or knowledge should be
preserved. The most recent trend has seen an up-


swing in Embraces of notable scholars of the Almohad
Empire. Viziers are tradesmen, intellectuals and
statesmen. Like the sorcerers, the viziers rarely dis-
criminate as to gender, ethnicity or religion when
giving the Blood.

Suggested concepts: Theologian, storyteller, archi-
tect, sculptor, courtier, jeweler, scribe, historian, political
theorist, scientist, weaver, merchant, linguist, judge

Disciplines: The viziers
Auspex, Celerity and Quietus.

Weaknesses: The viziers are utter perfectionists,
as each one focuses on his own area of expertise to
the point of monomania. Each vizier has an obses-
sive/compulsive derangement associated with his
highest intellectual or creative Ability. When the
derangement is active, the vizier's aura flickers with
strange whorls and patterns that an observer can
interpret to discern the character's Nature and the
focus of his obsession with any successful use of
Soulsight (Auspex 2).

‘clan" Disciplines are

STRUCTURES AND GROUPS

A vizier once said that any group of more than two
individuals will develop its own internal factions. Watch-
ing our clan's own politics, I find this more and more
true as the years pass. Some seeds of cause and desire
wither and die quickly; others find purchase in more
fertile imaginations and grow into full-fledged beliefs.

LEADERSHIP

Thanks to the magical communication abilities of
the sorcerers, the Assamites are unified as few other
clans can be over the vast distances through which they
have spread (though, in truth, most elders of any clan
have their own methods of long-distance communica-
tion). This is not to imply that all Assamites directly
serve the clan's elders; perhaps one in three chooses to
go her own way within a century of receiving the Blood.
However, the majority of the clan is somewhat unified
in purpose, even if they are not always in agreement as
to the best means of achieving that purpose.

BOOK TWO: SHRACENS


The highest leader of the clan is simply known as
the Elder, more colloquially known as the Old Man.
The warriors claim that there has never been a female
Elder, though vizier translators insist that certain
records in their possession provide indisputable evi-
dence of such an individual around the time of Christ.
The Elder rarely, if ever, leaves Alamut, preferring to
pass orders down through the clan hierarchy. Tradi-
tionally, the Elder is the oldest childe of Haqim awake
at the time. If an older fourth-generation Assamite
awakens, the position is relinquished after a brief
period of transition (typically a decade). During this
time, the new Elder reacquaints himself with the
world and the affairs of the clan. The current Elder is
a reclusive sorcerer known as Sha'hiri.

Directly under the Elder are the leaders of the three
castes: the Caliph, the Amrand the Vizier. These three
individuals collectively form a council to advise the
Elder, each tending to his own area of expertise and the
affairs of his caste.

The Caliph is the greatest combatant within the
warrior caste, and any subordinate warrior may chal-
lenge him to trial by combat at any time. However, the
Caliph has the right to choose the method in which
the trial is decided: unarmed combat, armed combat
or military leadership. Assamite rumor says that the
battles that forged the Almohad Empire were Jamal's
trial by leadership.

The Amr is appointed by a council of fourth- and
fifth-generation sorcerers who collectively apply rituals
of divination to determine the potential Amr who will
serve the interests of caste and clan in the most benefi-
cial manner. Al-Ashrad, the current Amr, has held the
position since being acknowledged as an elder in 120
CE, despite the annual repetition of the rituals.

The Vizier is elected by a simple majority vote of all
viziers who can journey to Alamut or send proxies. This
vote is held every 63 years (the viziers refuse to discuss
the significance of this number). The last elections
were held in 1171, at which time Rebekah defeated the
previous Vizier, Khaldun, by a narrow margin.

THE SILSILA

The elders of the clan who no longer serve the
Assamites' interests outside Alamut are known as the
silsila. The few outsiders who have heard of this group
believe that it is made up simply of those Assamites
who remain at Alamut to aid the caste leaders and the

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

Eldest, as well as to act as mentors to younger members
of the clan who seek training from other sources than
their sires. However, the silsila has a greater responsi-
bility than dispensing wisdom. It is the Assamites'
priesthood, and in its vaults in the bowels of Alamut
it holds the clan's oldest records. Clay tablets dating
back to the Second City rest alongside fragments of
the Book of Nod, and Hagqim's first teachings keep
company with scrolls recording Assamite support of
the rise of Islam. The silsila is charged with keeping the
clan's history. It is the collective memory of the
Assamites, and its sacred oath is to defend Haqim's
legacy to the last Child.

Tue Wes OF KNIVES.

In 1102, a small cabal of assassins challenged the
warrior caste's tradition of aloof siring and release of
childer. These warriors established training center in
Asia Minor and took in the most promising mortal
assassins they could find, imparting to them accumu-
lated centuries of knowledge and training. This
program's founders claim to be making the "new breed
of Haqim's Children."

For seven years, students live as ghouls of the
group, acquiring a loose, collective blood oath to their
mentors while they train in assassination techniques.
During this time, they gradually learn the truth of
their masters' identities and receive tutoring in the
tenets of the Road of Blood. At the end of the seventh
year, the Web tests them. Those who succeed receive
the Embrace and their first meal is whoever among
their classmates has failed. The new Assamites then
serve seven more years as field apprentices, accompa-
nying their mentors on mercenary missions of
assassination. At the end of this second term, they
undergo further testing. Those who pass final muster
diablerize those who fail.

This shadowy brotherhood has remained small,
with its signs and symbols guarded unto the death of its
members. To the Assamites, it is the Web of Knives.
The Web is dimly known to many outsiders in rumor
and legend, and some viziers believe that it may even-
tually spawn legends among Cainites and mortals alike,
as many such secret but proactive societies tend to do.
The practice of using ghoul apprentices as prospective
childer is slowly gaining popularity through the warrior
caste, and the Caliph himself is known to have followed
such methodology at least once.


THE SPEAR OF DESTINY

As might be expected, Christians are a minority
within the Assamites. Those few who adhere to their
faith after the Embrace have grown appalled in recent
years at the excessively xenophobic attitudes of the
warrior caste's Muslim contingent. The Spear of Des-
tiny is a fraternal organization that crosses caste lines
within the clan. The only requirements for member-
ship are respect for the Christian faith and a desire to
see the treasures of the Holy Land preserved — even
if this means the failure of the Crusades. The Spear
contains perhaps 40 Assamites, all told; these are
primarily warriors and viziers, with only a handful of
sorcerers. Their numbers are slowly dwindling, through
both battlefield attrition and a decrease in the number
of new European Assamites.

The Spear is currently active in Jerusalem, where
it is trying to forge a new treaty to extend the one that
expires at the end of 1197. The warrior caste scorns
these individuals, but many sorcerers and viziers ad-
mire their dedication and covertly condone their
actions, if not to the point of supporting them. The
Spear is not above using violence (indeed, many of
them were armsmen of one sort or another in mortal
life), though it has not yet stooped to assassination.
Instead, it concentrates on destroying Cainite instiga-
tors of the Crusades on both sides of the wars. This has
broughtit into conflict with several Muslim Assamites,
and some warriors in the region are considering elimi-
nating the Spear.

BOOK TWO: SHRACENS


Many Europeans believe that our powers are some-
how fundamentally different from those which they wield.
This is, for the most part, incorrect. Though the arts of
Quietus and sorcery that we practice have few correspon-
dences among the gifts of the other clans, they are all
aspects of Khayyin's — excuse me, of Caine's Curse. The
misunderstanding, of course, arises from the fact that we
are foreigners, and thus we are to be veiled in confusion
rather than understood. Allow me to dispel some of that
confusion by sharing the fruits of my research.

Merits AND FLAWS

Murricurrurat @ pt Merit)

The Assamites have spread over an immense
amount of territory, and they have encountered a
wider array of cultures than many other clans can
conceive of. Either in life or unlife, you have traveled
among many different cultures and gained an almost
instinctive understanding of how to blend in and not
offend. You enjoy a—1 difficulty bonus on all attempts
to move smoothly through a foreign society (though
speaking the language is still a function of Linguis-
tics), as you reflexively come across as familiar and
knowledgeable in areas where other outlanders would
be ata loss. This also applies to such tasks as appearing
native in an area where you don't belong (such as a
French Assamite hiding from German Ventrue pursu-
ers in the markets of Constantinople).

OurcasTE (2 pt Flaw)

You have rejected the role of the caste into which
you were Embraced, choosing instead to define your
own existence and follow the path of another caste.
While many Assamites take this course with few
negative repercussions, you have managed to make
enough waves to gain a certain amount of notoriety.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

Perhaps you made a public spectacle of your lack of
interest in your heritage, or maybe you asked a mentor
in another caste to take you as his surrogate childe.
Whatever the specifics may be, you have shown your
lineage a great deal of disrespect. Your sire refuses to
acknowledge your existence, and all other members of
your caste treat you with scorn. You suffer a +2 diffi-
culty penalty on all Social rolls involving dealing with
your Embrace caste.

Reuicious PROHIBITION 2 or 4 pT FLAW)

In your breathing days, you were either Jewish or
Muslim and have retained your faith through the
Embrace. As both religions prohibit their followers
from tasting, let alone drinking, blood, this creates a
moral dilemma for you. Even animal blood is a forbid-
den substance, and your conscience pricks whenever
you feed.

This Flaw hasa variable point value. At two points,
you voluntarily restrict your feeding to animals or blood
that has been drained by aritual butcher. At four points,
you refuse to feed unless it is an immediate necessity
(blood pool is three or less), and even then you may fall
victim to depression and self-loathing for several nights
after the forbidden act.

Bioop Mapness (2 or 4 pt FLAW)

The curse that the Baali of Chorazin laid upon the
warrior caste has fallen on your head, and you are
plagued with an unending hunger for the blood of other
Cainites. Whenever you taste Cainite blood, you must
make a Self-Control roll (difficulty 8) or you fall into a
hunger frenzy in which you will do anything to gorge
upon as much blood as physically possible. If you follow
a Road that teaches Instinct, you are instantly lost to


this frenzy; no roll is possible and the Flaw is worth four
points. You often find yourself thinking of other Cainites
— even other Assamites — as potential vessels rather
than equals.

This Flaw is mainly found among the warrior
caste. It is much rarer among sorcerers and viziers,
only affecting those who have partaken of warrior
vitae or who spend the majority of their time associ-
ating with warriors.

New DISCIPLINE
POWERS

RHUGHT OF THE Sout CAuspex LEVEL
‘our, QareTus LEVEL Five)

Many Assamites, particularly in the warrior caste,
raise the potency of their blood through the practice
of Amaranth. Those who walk the Road of Blood are
especially enamored of the practice. This art, reviled
by some but exalted by others, allows the diablerist to
drain not only his victim's power but also his knowl-

edge. Assamites who teach this art advise their pupils
to practice it sparingly, as frequent use of it can leave
the diablerist's mind a shattered ruin full of her
victims' memories.

System: This power may be used whenever the
character successfully commits diablerie. The player
spends a number of Willpower points equal to the
victim's Intelligence and rolls Willpower (difficulty
equal to the victim's permanent Willpower, plus one for
every derangement he had). If she succeeds, the player
gains one experience point for every Skill or Knowledge
in which the victim's rating was equal to or greater than
of the character. These experience points may only be
applied to those Abilities — the player should keep
track of them separately from her pool of "all-encom-
passing" experience. In addition, the character gains a
dreamlike access to some of her victim's most signifi-
cant memories. This system is left to the Storyteller's
discretion, and should be used for parceling out vague
hints rather than an excuse for the player to demand
plot-breaking knowledge. A botch on the roll indicates


that the character gains no knowledge but receives a
permanent derangement (preferably one that the vic-
tim possessed).

Draught of the Soul costs 20 experience points
to learn.

Eyes OF BLADES CAuspex LEVEL Two,
CELERITY LEVEL Two)

Many Assamites hone their preternatural senses
and speed to make themselves more effective com-
batants. Those who have learned to use these two
traits in conjunction with one another are privy to
an important secret: sometimes it is wiser to defend
than to attack. An individual with this power is able
to defend against a multitude of near-simultaneous
attacks, even those to which he would be unable to
respond under normal circumstances. For a few sec-
onds, he enters a trance state in which he can
perceive every potential threat to him, assess it and
react accordingly.

System: At the beginning of a combat turn,
before initiative is rolled, the player declares that he
is activating this power. He spends two blood points
and a Willpower point. This counts as activating
Celerity for the turn. The character may take no
actions this turn save for defending against incoming
attacks. However, he may defend against every at-
tack that targets him, using his full attention. The
player rolls a dodge or parry with full dice pool
against each attack that successfully strikes the char-
acter this turn. This power may only be used a
number of times per scene equal to the character's
Perception rating.

Eyes of Blades costs 10 experience points to learn.

TRUTH OF BLoop CAuspex LeveL Four,
QareTus LEVEL Two)

Assamite justice is swift and merciless, and it shares
much with the tenets of Islamic justice. However, the
Assamites have ways of ensuring that their judgments
are more firmly grounded in the truth than those of the
surest mortal. This power uses the blood of the indi-
vidual being questioned as a means of divining not only
the truth of the subject's words, but the truth behind
those words. The interrogator pours the subject's blood
into his hand and holds it for the duration of the
questioning. The blood gradually smolders throughout
the scene, giving off a thin red mist. It is reduced to
vapor by the end of the scene and cannot be used for any

other purpose.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

System: The character must have one point of the
subject's blood to use this power, and it lasts for the
duration of the scene or until the character releases
the blood. The player rolls Perception + Subterfuge
(difficulty of the target's Willpower) for each state-
ment that the character wants to examine with this
power. The degree of success on the roll indicates the
degree of truth or falsehood that the questioner be-
comes aware of.

One success The character knows ifagiven
statement is a lie, a partial
truth or the whole truth.
The character knows the
emotional reason (fear, pride,
loyalty) behind any lie or
partial truth, though not the
full truth.

The character learns the whole
truth as the target consciously
knows it.

The character is aware of
everything the target knows
about the subject of the
statement —even information
thatthe targetisnotconsciously
aware of, remembered but did
not understand, or lost to
Dominate powers.

The character experiences
hazy visions of the actual truth
behind the statement — even
receiving veiled hints at
information that the target
himself did not have.

Truth of Blood costs 15 experience points to learn.

Bioop TEMPERING (ForTITUDE LEVEL
Two, QureTus LEVEL Four)

This power, which hails from long before the
advent of Damascene steel, has seen a great deal of
use in the nights of the Crusades. Blood Tempering
originated as a means by which Assamites of the
warrior caste reinforced bronze and iron weapons and
armor to withstand prolonged combat. Instead of
envenoming her blades, the Assamite imparts a small
amount of her own resilience unto them by means of
her blood. Some viziers use this power to preserve
their most ancient relics, and the clay tablets that
bear the clan's earliest history have benefited from
repeated Blood Tempering.

Two successes

Three successes

Four successes

Five successes


System: The player spends a Willpower point,
and the character coats the item to be reinforced
with her blood. The amount of blood used depends
on the size of the item: one blood point per foot of
length. Thus, the average sword requires three blood
points, while a lance may need as many as 15. Armor
requires three blood points per extra soak die it
provides. A weapon's base damage rating is increased
by one die, and it is rendered unbreakable by any
means short of a supernatural power with a rating
greater than that of the character's Fortitude or a
truly massive mundane trauma (such as a landslide).
Armor gains one extra soak die and is likewise imper-
vious to most harm (though the individual within it
may still be wounded by force that is transmitted
through it). This power may be applied to solid
objects other than weapons and armor at the
Storyteller's discretion. It cannot reinforce flexible
items such as whips, leather armor or silk robes.

Blood Tempering costs 15 experience points
to learn.

CLEANSED IN BLoop (QuieTus LEVEL Six)

The Assamites have long claimed that their propri-
etary Discipline, Quietus, arose for purposes other than
pure combat. This power bears out that assertion. By
using his own blood to ritually bathe a willing subject,

an Assamite can purge that subject's mind of most
supernatural influences. This power is most often used
on Assamites who have returned to Alamut after long
periods of time in Europe or Taugast in order to ensure
that they have not been turned against the clan.

System: The character touches the subject and
spends a number of blood points equal to the target's
Willpower. The subject rolls Willpower once for each
outside mental or emotional influence that he is under
(difficulty equal to the level of the power in question +
3, with a difficulty of 7 if the power has no level). Success
nullifies that influence. This power is incapable of re-
moving influences carried or caused by blood, including
the blood oath, or by purely mundane techniques such as
brainwashing. It can remove magical or thaumaturgical
effects, such as a curse, but the character using the power
must have a level of Thaumaturgy equal to that with
which the curse was cast.

ASSAMITE SORCERY

The Saracen sorcerer caste practices a brand of
blood magic that is largely unrelated to — and much
older than — the Tremere's still-emerging system of
Thaumaturgy. Assamite Sorcery is in fact an aggregate
of magical traditions recorded by the viziers and adapted
by the sorcerers. Mesopotamian and Persian streams
Tun strong in this melting-pot, but the sorcerers take
advantage of Islam's spread along trade routes and
battlefields to integrate more and more esoteric wisdom
into their sorcery. The unifying paradigm of this diverse
tradition is the need to achieve an altered state of mind
in order to tap into universal forces (with the benefit of
vampiric blood). There are many different ways to
achieve this altered state, including meditation, Sufilike
whirling and self-mutilation. Some of the most power-
ful sorcerers use kalif (hashish watered with blood);
mortal slaves smoke this magically enhanced halluci-
nogen andare then fed from by the sorcerer. Kalif is only
grown in Alamut.

In terms of game mechanics, Assamite Sorcery
functions just like Thaumaturgy, with paths and ritu-
als. Assamites may hence learn the Thaumaturgy
Discipline with the understanding that it actually
represents their own brand of sorcery (and should be
noted as such on the character sheet). Assamite Sor-
cery counts as a clan Discipline for experience or
character creation purposes only for members of the
sorcerer Caste, however.

Assamite sorcerers may choose their primary path.
Whispers of the Heavens (see below) is unique to the
Saracens, but they also have their own versions of Rego
Vitae, Creo Ignem, Rego Motus, Rego Tempestas,
Thaumaturgical Alchemy, Way of the Levinbolt and
Path of Warding, as well access to a variety of rituals
(including those on page 70-71). When using rituals or
paths other than those unique to the Assamites, blood
point expenditure is increased by one.

Note that although Assamite Sorcery may use the
same mechanics as thaumaturgical paths and rituals,
they are neither the same nor compatible as far the
practitioners are concerned. A sorcerer must learn the
Assamite version of Defense of the Sacred Haven (a
Level One ritual) from another Assamite sorcerer —
the Tremere version is nothing but alien foolishness to
him. The Storyteller always has final say as to whether
a particular path or ritual is available to Assamites.

BOOK TWO: SHRACENS


Those who plan on extensive use of Assamite Sorcery
may wish to consult Blood Magic: Secrets of
Thaumaturgy (for Vampire: The Masquerade), which
provides extensive background on this tradition, as
well as other paths and rituals.

WHISPERS OF THE HEAVENS

The Almohad Empire and Taugast both boast
astronomers whose knowledge far exceeds all Euro-
pean lore of the stars. Both cultures also possess a
wealth of fortune-tellers who claim the ability to read
knowledge from the heavens. The Assamites draw on
both of these traditions in addition to their own
studies. This path emerged from sorcerer workshops
after long effort to reconcile conflicting beliefs. Prac-
titioners of Whispers of the Heavens are also known
as seers or diviners.

Whispers of the Heavens depends in large part on
the sorcerer' ability to see the stars. All uses of this path
are at +1 difficulty in overcast weather and +2 difficulty
in storms. The path cannot be used at all if the sorcerer
cannot see the sky.

¢ MAp THE SkiES

Though Europeans have not yet learned to navi-
gate by the stars, Cainite observers with centuries in
which to travel and watch the skies have made some
progress toward this goal. The first technique that a
student of this path learns is that of divining his
location with a mere glance at the stars.

System: The player rolls normally. The number of
successes determines how accurately the character is
able to determine his location. If he has access to an
accurate map, he can apply this knowledge to pinpoint
his location; if not, he simply knows his position rela-
tive to known landmarks.

Within 100 miles
Within 10 miles
Within one mile
Within 250 yards
Within 10 yards

ee READ HEAVEN's PLANS

Many diviners claim to be able to read the fate of a
place or person in the stars. This power allows these
effects, though not with the precision many false proph-
ets claim. The sorcerer is able to glean the approximate
fate of the ground on which he stands or the person to
whom he speaks, though this is less an absolute reading
than a hint of the most likely of many possible futures.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

One success
Two successes
Three successes
Four successes
Five successes

System: The character must be standing on the
ground or touching the person on whom he wants to
use this power. The number of successes determine
roughly how far forward the character's observations
reach. The exact nature of the vision is up to the
Storyteller, but this power never grants absolute clar-
ity. Instead the seer typically receives a few images and
asense of the emotions and time frame associated with
them. Using the power to determine the fate of a city
which will in fact be burned by the Crusaders on
October 8, 1201, but will be the region's best producer
of grain until that time, might result in a vision of
bountiful wheat fields suddenly scorched by fire and
trampled by horses four years hence. As always with
such imprecise prophecy, the fate foretold is not an
absolute certainty, merely the one that is most likely
if events proceed in their present course.

One success One lunar month.

Two successes One season

Three successes One year

Four successes One decade

Five successes One century

¢ ee CALL DOWN THE HuNTER's Moon

"Toeverything," says the Christian holy book, "there
is a season." Natives of Taugast speak of "auspicious and
inauspicious occasions" on which to perform certain
actions. This power grants its wielder a sense of the best
time to act in a particular manner. Though the sorcerer
is free to ignore this divine scheduling, his chances for
success will be vastly increased if he heeds it.

System: The sorcerer names aloud the act in ques-
tion, from "the planting of this year's crop of wheat" to
"Lucas of Normandy's proposal of marriage to Katherine
of Bordeaux" to "the assassination of the Ventrue,
Fabrizio Ulfila." If the roll succeeds, the character learns
the best night within the next season (three lunar
months) to attempt this act, or the best hour between
the present time and the coming dawn to attempt a
more immediate task. The choice of the moment itself
is entirely up to the Storyteller, who should work it into
his existing plans for the chronicle.

If the character does try to perform this task on the
indicated night or at the indicated hour, the player
gains a number of temporary Willpower points equal to
the number of successes scored on the roll. These are
tracked separately from his normal Willpower pool, and
any that are unspent are lost at the end of the night or
upon the successful completion of the task. This power


may only be used once to divine the best night or hour
for any given task — the sorcerer may not stock up on
bonus Willpower.

A small group of individuals (no more than the
sorcerer's Leadership rating) may benefit from this
power. Each character must be aware of the rite and
give the sorcerer one blood point, which is destroyed
when the power is used. Every individual who so do-
nated gains the same number of temporary Willpower
points as the sorcerer himself, and the same rules and
restrictions apply to these boons.

This power may only be used on an extended,
complex task — it may not be applied tosomething that
can be accomplished in a single action (or witha single
die roll). The effects ofa botch are left to the Storyteller's
imagination, but will definitely include a false message
that prompts the sorcerer to act when the stars are not
tight. Also note that outside circumstances may con-
spire against the sorcerer' execution of his task on the
appointed night — this power does not automatically
reschedule the summons of princes, for instance.

@ eee TRACE THE SOUL'S FAVOR

A diviner who knows the date of birth of a specific
individual has access to a vast array of information on
that individual's history and destiny. By tracing the
position of the stars under which the subject was born,
the sorcerer can learn such diverse facts as what trade
he is best suited for, what his personality tends toward,
or what sort of ultimate reward is in store for him upon
his death.

System: The player rolls normally, with a +1
penalty imposed if the character knows only one of the
subject's name or date of birth (or date of Embrace, for
Cainite subjects) and a +3 difficulty if the character
knows neither. For each success, the sorcerer receives
one piece of information about the core identity of the
individual in question. Five successes give the sorcerer
clues to the subject's ultimate fate (Storyteller's dis-
cretion). A botch gives the target a sudden realization
that someone is watching him; if he ever sees the
sorcerer, he will instantly realize that this person has
spied upon him before.


The exact nature of the facts revealed by this power
are up to the Storyteller, but they may include revealing
the subject's Nature, Demeanor, approximate Will-
power rating, Road and approximate rating, notable
Disciplines or Abilities. Ideally these should all be
revealed in character, without using overt game terms.
A subject with Melee 5 and Politics 5 might elicit the
response "sword and state are as equally mastered tools
in her hands." Such a revelation would require two
successes (one for each Ability).

¢¢@¢e RIPPLES ON THE SEA OF STARS

The pinnacle of this path allows the sorcerer to cast
his point of view far away from his physical body, using
the heavens as a vast scrying pool. With this power, he
may observe any events that are transpiring under the
same stars that he sees. Of course, even this powerful
divination has its limits. The sorcerer must be familiar
with at least one participant in the scene which he
wishes to observe, be it the city in which the events are
occurring, an individual who is participating in them or
a specific item around which they center.

System: The character must have a specific target
in mind, be it a location, a person or an object with
which he is at least casually familiar. If the sorcerer has
read the target's future at least once before, either with
lesser applications of this Path or with some other
magics, the roll's difficulty is reduced by one. The
scene that is being observed must be occurring under
the night sky, and must be within sight of at least one
star that the sorcerer can see (though weather does
not block this vision past the usual difficulty modifier
which it imposes). If the events are transpiring under
the sun or under a roof, the attempt simply fails
(though the Storyteller should still have the player
roll). The number of successes determine the clarity of
the image that the sorcerer receives, as well as his
ability to exert limited mystic influence over the
scene that he is watching.

The sorcerer can dimly see
the scene
The sorcerer can see and hear
the scene

One success
Two successes

All of the sorcerer' senses
function with perfect clarity,
and he may use Auspex 1, 2
and 4 to observe in greater detail

Three successes

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

The sorcerer can use all his
Auspex powers to affect or
observe the scene, and can
also use any other sorcerous
path power (though not a
ritual) to observe or analyze
what he perceives
The sorcerer can use any
Assamite Sorcery power or
ritual he knows to affect the
scene, as long as this exercise
of power does not require his
physical presence at the scene
This power's effects last for the duration of the
scene being witnessed or until daybreak at the sorcerer's
location or at the site in question. While the character
uses this power, the player suffers a +2 difficulty penalty
onall actions that require the character to interact with
his physical surroundings. If an individual being ob-
served has Auspex, he receives a faint sense of being
watched from above. This is not enough to identify the
observer, though the paranoid unease it induces may be
enough to press the subject to take matters indoors,
away from prying eyes — and prying stars.

Sorcerous RITUALS

EYE OF THE TRANSLATOR
QLeveL ONE RiruA)

This spell is of limited physical power, but its
potential effects are mighty indeed. It assists the sor-
cerer in deciphering any written material on which he
casts it. Many viziers learn the basics of Thaumaturgy in
order to use this ritual. While it does not actually
change the page that it affects, it creates an illusion of
the writing in question flowing into a form with which
the caster is familiar.

System: The sorcerer cuts himself along his left
eyebrow and allows three drops of his blood (no blood
point or health level loss) to fall upon the page he
wishes to comprehend. He then meditates for 10
minutes while the blood soaks into the writing and
disappears. The player receives a number of extra dice
on all rolls to translate, decode or comprehend the
work in question equal to the number of successes he
rolled when enacting the ritual. These extra dice are
lost if the character breaks off work for more than 10
minutes, or at the end of the night. The ritual must be
cast separately for every page, sheet or surface that the
character wants to translate.

Four successes

Five successes


Bioop's Cry FOR VENGEANCE
(Leven Two Riruaw)

The Nosferatu say that if one Assamite dies, the
entire clan knows of it within a fortnight. While this
isaslight exaggeration, the Lepers are not off the mark
by far. This ritual links two or more willing partici-
pants in a subtle psychic bond. Under most
circumstances, this has no effect, and it is undetect-
able by most methods of perception. However, if any
member of the group dies, all others are instantly
struck by a vision of her fall, and gain a flash of her
emotional state before death (which generally allows
them to know if their comrade died honorably or was
betrayed). All loyal members of the clan are linked to
the Eldest through this ritual upon their first pilgrim-
age to Alamut. Typically, pilgrims who arrive within
the same lunar month are bound to the Eldest and to
each other in unison.

System: Each individual to be linked, up to a
maximum number equal to the caster's Occult score,
donates two blood points, which the character col-
lects in a wooden bowl. She does not have to be part
of the link, though she counts against the limit of
participants if she does. Over the next hour, she brings
the blood to a boil over an open fire while the partici-
pants sit in a circle around the fire and meditate on
their relationships with one another. When the last of
the blood has boiled away, the ritual is complete. If the
player's roll is successful, all participants are perma-
nently linked in the manner described above. This
knowledge is transmitted instantly upon one's death,
and no known method can block it. There is no limit
to the number of circles to which one individual can
be bound.

MESSENGER OF THE WINDS
(LeveL THREE RITUAL)

The Assamites could not maintain the level of
cohesion that their clan enjoys were it not for this
ritual. Messenger of the Winds allows the sorcerer to
send a written communication to anyone, anywhere
in the world, as long as he knows the intended
recipient's name and has enough of her blood to write
that name on the message. Thus, the sorcerers who use
this ritual the most are those who serve at Alamut and
have access to the Heartblood of the clan. This ritual
is limited to the delivery of written communication,
though stronger rites exist that allow the transport of
other small items at greater cost. Of late, troubling
rumors have reached the sorcerers that say that the
Tremere have stolen this ritual for use in extending
their own clan's far-flung web of influence.

System: The sorcerer does not have to pen the
message himself, though it must be written on clean
linen with a pen made from the feather of an eagle. He
tolls the missive and ties it with a white silk cord. On
this cord, he writes the recipient's name in her own
blood. He then carries the message outside and throws
it into the sky, where the winds catch it and carry it
away. It appears in the possession of the target at
precisely noon of her next day of slumber. This ritual
will not work if the document to be sent is enchanted
in any other way (though it may contain magical
formulae or instructions without hazard). A botch
sends the message to a random recipient, usually
someone who is connected to the intended target in
some manner.

BOOK TWO: SHRACENS


eat

THe RENUNCIATE CRUSADER

Quote: You call me traitor; I call it an honor if I am a
traitor to a cause as unjust as yours.

History: The second son of a minor French noble,
you gladly followed the banners of the Church when the
Third Crusade departed for the Holy Land.

The first battle you saw shook your courage. The
second one tested your faith. The third shattered your
illusions forever. You fled that night and, wandered in
the wastes for days, quenching your thirst at muddy oases.
You wrestled to reconcile the teachings of the Church
with the horrors you had witnessed. At last, you hit upon
a thread of hope: the Church's original purpose is pure,
but its executors, being but mortal men, are incapable of
carrying it out. If you are to follow the oath you swore to
be God's sword, you must protect the Holy Land —even

from your own countrymen.

When you
came to this
epiphany, youre-
alized you had
spoken aloud —
and yoursire ap-
peared from the
air before you

and smiled.
| Concept:
Though you
are of the war-
tior caste,
} you're hardly
the typical
/ Cainite image
of the Saracen
assassin. You
BA have renounced your
Church but not your
faith or your nobility,
and you prefer your
conflicts to be di-
rect and open —
J. the better to give

your opponents a chance to see the reasoning behind
your fervor. Thanks to your religious and political
views, you are something of an outcast in both Euro-
pean and Arab society, but you are able to act in both
with equal facility.

Roleplaying Hints: Your current appearance belies
your noble upbringing, and many are surprised by the
cultured front you can present when it's called for. So
far, your achievements have been minor — a battle
turned here, a small word in the right ear there — but
you feel you are destined for greater things and you do
not hesitate to try to sway others to your views. Your
single-minded devotion masks a deep well of loneliness,
for youare fully accepted by few warrior-caste Assamites
and you have set yourself apart from everything you
knew before.

Equipment: Battered sword and mace, dented shield,
piecemeal armor, war-horse, dusty court garb stored in
the bottom of a saddlebag, handmade rosary

oooooc00
Soocococ0o


LIONESS OF ZION

Quote: If you will not leave my people be, then your
ashes will mix with the sands of the desert.

History: When you were nine, the Bedouins came
to your village. You hid in the rocky hills as your
mother's screams rang in your ears and watched as the
smoke rose into the sky. Some time after the raiders left,
you and your sister crept back to your shattered home
and your family began to rebuild.

When you were 13, the Crusaders came to your
village. You tried to hide, but within an hour you were
captured, and you learned why your mother had
screamed before. Some time after the raiders left, you
found the strength to stand again and your family began
to rebuild.

When you were 15, the monsters came to your
village. You had no chance to hide before they ap-
peared out of the night, and no chance to scream before
one of them descended on you and tore your throat out.
The last thing you saw in your old life was the carving
knife that had fallen from the overturned dinner table.
You grasped it, closed your eyes, and struck at the beast
that crouched atop you, too intent on its meal tosee the
blade descending.

Through the roaring in
your ears, you heard a J
woman's shout of rage, then.
steel on steel — and steel
biting into flesh. You did
not open your eyes —
what difference would
it make?

Then someone
took you into her
arms and poured fire
down your throat.

The first thing you

saw in your new

life was yoursire

as she held you

and wept tears of blood
for those she had been
too late to save.

Concept: For your
entire mortal life,
you were perse-
cuted. Nowyou
have power,

and you'll never be a victim again. You area child of two
gods. The first one, the one you followed when you still
drew breath, is Yahweh, and youshall remain forever true
to the Jewish faith (or so you say). The second one, the
one whose name you never heard while you lived, is
Hagim, and though he isnogodas mortals would see him,
his teachings have shown you the way to strength.

Roleplaying Hints: You are nowhere nearas skilled
as you would like to make yourself out to be, but you are
learning — and the first lesson you've learned is how to
appear harmless in order to lull your intended victims
into complacency. You are still dealing with two con-
flicting faiths, and your reconciliation of these teachings
is more a matter of denial than one of clear thought.

Equipment: Daggers, throwing knives, wire gar-
rote, more hidden daggers, stakes, chain mail hauberk
taken from a dead Crusader

Nevune SURVIVOR Grxewxnone 11th
Deawanon: FANATIC Haven
‘Cove Assomite Warrior ConcrrrLioness of Zion

ooo0000000
ooococcc0o


THE SEA Wien

Quote: It seems you've lost your sails in this storm. A
pity, really. Fortunately , we saw your plight and we' llbe more
than happy to take on your cargo so you can limp home.

History: Born into a wealthy family of Greek
merchants, you were at once protected and privileged
well beyond that which would be expected of a girl of
your station. When you were 16, your eldest brother
began taking you on his trading ventures to Alexandria,
ostensibly to introduce you to potential suitors. You
stayed at his side—meekly at first, butas your confidence
grew you began to whisper advice to him. After the
fourth trip, he admitted to your father that the profits his
latest journey had reaped were more your responsibility
than his.

One night off the coast of Sicily, you were attacked
by two ships flying black banners, ships whose masters
commanded the stuff of nightmare itself. They
wrapped your ship in tendrils of night
and shattered her hull.

Youawoke on

abeach near the
ruins °
Carthage and
made your way
to Tunis,
where you
learned that you
were the only sur-
vivor from your
ship and family —
within a fortnight
of yourown battle,
a variety of "accidents
had claimed them all.
Lost and penniless, you
turned to serving in al
dockside tavern.

One night, a
Moorish ship's master
beckoned you to his
table. He bade you sit
with him, andasked if
you knew why your
fate had befallen
you. When you
answered
no, he told ©

the

harsh truth. Your family had grown too bold, too powerful,
too rich, and their ascendance had threatened another
"merchant" concern, one which he and his people op-
posed. Then he put vengeance in your hand and told you
its price.

Concept: You have emerged from training under
your mentor as a woman transformed. You're part free
trader, part witch and part smuggler. You have a new
ship, a parting gift from your sire when he had nothing
more to teach you.

Roleplaying Hints: The flame for vengeance no
longer burns as hot as it did when you were first given
the Blood. If you ever see that captain again, he'll go
down in pieces as you howl your triumph to the storm,
but you recognize that you have other things to do.
You've been given a second life, one free from many of
the concerns and responsibilities of the previous one,
and you intend to enjoy this one as you never could the
first. Of course, sometimes raiding is more profitable
than legitimate commerce — so you go where the
money is. Oh, and do try not to think about the fact that
you're slowly becoming the image of that which you've
dedicated yourself to destroying.

Equipment: Merchant ship with a ramming prow
and a small catapult, short bow, working knife

Gexounon: th

Nevums — LONER
Denexnon: ROGUE

Curve Assamite Sorcerer Conca Sea Witch

Vor
Conainernin.9 8 9.00

——

han
Based Q

. e@eeco
ogoooooco000
—=Bi000 Poo —
Soooooc000

Soocoooooo


QapI

Quote: Attend my words, for I am the guardian of order.
Allare equal under the law, and will see justice done this night.

History: Even when you were a young boy, you had
a gift: people listened to you and trusted your opinion. In
time, you took leave of your village and journeyed to
Baghdad to study the laws of Islam in the great university
there. Youremained there for years, until your brothersent
for you. His message said that the village's qadi, the judge,
was dying, and the community wanted none other than
you to take his place.

You returned home and took up your predecessor's
mantle, dispensing Allah's justice to your people with
a firm and fair hand. Decades passed, and you began to
feel your age. You found a pupil and began to pass your
knowledge to him, for you knew you would not be able
to serve your people forever.

One night, a traveler

came to your door. You

recognized him as an

astronomer of some

repute and the two of

you conversed on a

hundred different

topics until shortly

"before the sun

rose, when he

took his leave of

you. He passed

through the village

often, always finding

} the time to stop and

share an evening
with you.

Onhislast visit,

the astronomer re-

vealed the true

}| purpose for his trav-

} els. He had taken

| note of you when

you were still a

) young man, and

he saw in you

a hunger for

» learning that

would never be

quenched. What

better, he asked, than to have all of eternity to learnall
the works of man?

Concept: Youare ascholarand a lawgiver, and these
two occupations are quite interchangeable to your way of
thinking. The Embrace changed little for you, save that
you have had to make some adjustments to your faith, but
you are certain that Allah will forgive you.

Roleplaying Hints: You see yourself as the represen-
tative of Allah, for Islamic law and faith are so closely
related as to be inseparable. This has given you a sense of
integrity as strong as Damascene steel. You are equally
content whether immersed in a book or embroiled in a
furious debate, and you have no qualms about using
Hagim's gifts to aid you in your judgments.

Equipment: Small library (10 books or so),
robes of office, various second- and third-hand
scientific instruments

a "20000
Damny_ee0000

0000


' Sisto
ane sta |
and One

af you look at history, you will see the ripples that Catnites leave in, their passing. In
gl ee we dirty touch the afd mortal men. In others, our vied ts moré
subtle, sometimes unintended and all the more damaging for its lack of deliberate control.
Occasionally a.mortal learns too much of what*we.are and tries to-imitate us, believi
that the 2 power will come with the 2 form. All too often, these individuals know the what but
not the why, and they mimic the right actions for all the wrong reasons.

In%192, the first Western victim of the radical sect known as.the Assassins fell to their

= Spiers The death of Conrad of Montferrat sent shock wayes through the Crusaders — and,
indeed, all of Europe. While murder is hardly unheard of in ‘theDark Ages, an organized
association of profssional killers was unthinkable until now. a

The origin z the Assassins is unknown to Europe, and onh dimly understood tithe East.
Most scholars believe that the group originated with a leader of the Ismaili sect of Islam
as Hasan-i Sabbah. Shortly fafirasthe turn of. the 12th centui E: Hasan and his militant
followers captured | acastfe in the Elburz Mountains which one commonty refer toas Aluh
Amut: the Eagle's Te eaching. The Seljuk Ti urks, whose Sunni sect opposed the Ismaili faith,
began moving against Ismailisacross their empire.On October 16, 1092, a follower of Hasan
named Bu Tahur Arrani slew Nizam al-Mu k, an advisor to the Seljuk ruler, there ry laying
thé foundation.of.the Assassins. Over the next century, Hasan's devotees carried out a series
of murders calculated.to decapitate Seljukspersecition of the Ismailis.

Hasan-i Sabbah died on May 23, 1124. His doctrine of | loyal and obedience, fiowever, live
on among the Ismailis.and-are the uni ing, pforce for his fo ers. Over thedecades following
Hasan-i's death, Aluh Amut became training ground and headquarters for an organiza-
tion of killers who measure success by one successful stroke of a er_and care not what
happens to them once their target is dead. : ~

"The Assamites would like to deny all involvement with the Assassins but they lack that
fuxury. In truth, theAssassins mig it never have arisen without the aid of a former Assamite
pawn: a ghoul who now calls himself Hagim indark mockery of his former masters.


The man now known as ‘Hagim was an Assamite'warrior's assistant and protégé duri
the fifth through seventh centuries. When his master fellduring the campaign against t
Baali, the ghoul's blood oath recoiled on him.and shattered his mind. He fled in the middle 0
the day, carrying with him the most treasured of his master's belongings. Those Assamites w
knew him.assumed he had met an untimely end in the desert.

4n truth, the ghoul's master had chosen and trained him because of one quality he
possessed. The Fike Hagim (as the Assamites refer to him) had the Gift of true sight, the
ability to gaze past all ihustons and discern the reality behind them. He was his master's
huntin it iercing the obfuscation and chimera of his victims. In two centuries, he
learned many ofits master's skills, not the least of which were the ability to recognize Cainites
and the precision necessary to strike them down from ambush. The victims he claimed in the
years of is freedom may never be counted, but at least a dozen Assamites are i those
vampires he brought down in his unreasoning thirst for the blood that still. Sipe is life.
Sometime during those long centuries, he recovered enough ip himself to begin building power
— and he remembered enough of his master's tales to bi fda history and a legend to-draw
that power to himself. And then, when he heard of a place named A famut, the False Hagim
went there to claim its mantle of leadership. ~ ~~

The False Haqim's influence over Aluh Amut and its inhabitants is limited. Heisa shadow
ruler, notan open commander, and his pawns are few in number. Most of the Assassins' actions
arewnaffected | by anything but the sectarian politics is Islam. However, over the last century,

~thé False Hagim has recruited other men like himself who have the gift‘of true sight. These
comprise his inner circle within the Assassins, and' they share in his immortality, for they hunt
Cainites andyeturn them to Aluh Amut to supply themselves with the water ofeternal life. The
fabled single blow with which the-Assassins ie their targets is a reflection of
impaling an opponent's heart with one thrust of a stake. All Assamite attempts to ass
Amut and remove this disgraceful rogue have failed, for even the strongest powers of O
are like tattered veils befire the gaze of the False Hagim's students. The Saracens
mounted a powerful enough assault to overcome this advantage because — ironically enorigh
— the False Hagim has his admirers among the Assamites. :

Indeed, the ghoul's actions are slowly influencing those of his former masters. As word of.
the Assassins spreads across Europe, the Assamites take note of the effectiveness of terror tactics
and layers of deception The warrior.casteshas noted the Assassins' success in-removing their
own-opponents within the Islamic sects. As,the Assassins strike at the Crusaders, the impact
i on the Evropean psyche cannot be denied. Night by night, the Assamites refine

the methods and images that their accidental protégés are using — and night by night, the
fmages of the two bodes as one in thé minds z the Mose Conti if Fy wigs



visa °
true god and placed the geen
Gover hil D> with Hood at the onnr
i a

in the
it confines of the tent the
reddish ete Gimning small

setails Gut leaving o Ss in
Shadvove Alean, muscular leq an
upraise> taloned hank -

anpses that hinted af much

ut concealed even more.
rocked back on the
balls of his feet and > breath

pel eS os and fesse tame

thet anointed the go® shoul-

ders. AM tMmade rect Cre

ie gleamed faintly

ollerinig, Govel, ifs edge
painted in Goody light


There was faint movement behind
Ankhesenaten, back in the main chamber of the
tent. He recognized the stealthy footfalls of Goreb,
his chief bodyguard. Bowing once more before the
face of the god, Ankhesenaten backed through the
chamber's narrow opening and turned to face his
assembled servants. The tent's main chamber was
devoted to the mundane business of the day, outfit-
ted like any other merchant's tent at any other
market fair in France: a banked brazier sat in the
center of the space, low wooden chairs and stools
surrounding it. A small table and high-backed chair
occupied a rear corner of the tent, for balancing
ledgers and accounts. Cedar chests banded with iron
sat in stacks along the walls. Also in the rear of the
tent, behind heavy cloth hangings, a small cedar cot
sat piled with blankets and furs; when the world
believed that Ankhesenaten slept, a chosen body-
guard lay there, sword in hand.

Goreb waited by the brazier, his dark face solemn.
When Ankhesenaten entered the chamber, his other
servants turned from their tasks and bowed low, their
shaven heads gleaming in the firelight. The chief
bodyguard bowed respectfully. "The French lord has

arrived, Great One, and awaits your pleasure."
Ankhesenaten nodded. He turned to his servants

and bid them rise. With the fall of night they had
divested themselves of their Western tunics and leg-
gings and now wore priestly robes of indigo-dyed
cotton. "Await us without," he said to them. "Ifhe has
come to seek the dark river, I shall send for you. It is
the will of Set."

"The will of Set," the priests intoned, bowing
deeply, then filing silently out of the tent. Goreb was
last to go, taking one more careful sweep of the tent's
interior before leaving his master alone. Ankhesenaten
tucked his hands into the sleeves of his robe and
waited, considering outcomes.

The tent flap was suddenly yanked to the side,
letting in the chill air of northern France, and Godfrey
of Sezanne slipped inside like a furtive thief. The
short, heavyset knight clutched a plain, woolen cloak
around his stocky frame, and kept a full hood pulled
low to disguise his features. As if anyone would recog-
nize the man amid the tents of the Foire de Reims,
nearly 40 miles from his estates. Ankhesenaten could
not help but frown. Such timidity. He had expected
better after the events of the past year.

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

The Setite summoned up a warm smile as the
French lord threw back his hood. "It is a joy and an
honor to receive you in my humble tent, my lord,"
Ankhesenaten said, falling briefly to one knee. "Please
be welcome. May I serve you wine?" He pointedly
surveyed Godfrey's unadorned cloak and tunic. "Pray,
tell me that this last year has given you better fortune
than it appears?"

The French knight threw back his cloak and
surveyed the tent warily, like a hemmed boar. Godfrey
hada broad, fleshy face marked at cheek and nose with
the red flush of a drunkard. His thick lips curled in a
sneer. "I've ransomed enough travelers and raided
aplenty to keep me fat for years to come. But I'm not
fool enough to ride in here with all my finery and let
the duke know who I'm consorting with." He stepped
quickly into the light of the brazier, his thick-fingered
hands working nervously. "I've no time for idle talk,
Serpent," he hissed. "There's word of watch-fires in
the hills south of Troyes, and my spies are telling me
that Duke William has taken to the field with 500
horsemen and 1,000 footmen!"

Ankhesenaten nodded approvingly. "You have
put your newfound influence to good use, my lord. It
is true — Duke William has taken his army to the field
and intends to take Troyes by storm before your master
can react." The Setite paused, letting the words sink
in. "His beloved childer will likely perish. Your liege
will have great need of you in the coming weeks. It is
quite an opportunity, is it not?"

The Setite studied the knight carefully. Now was
the moment, the culmination of two years of labor. He
believed Godfrey could be worthy, anda great triumph
for the god would be realized.

The French lord grew pale. "Oh, God the Merci-
ful!" he whispered. "Duke Roland may have a man
riding for my castle even now!" He thrust out a gloved
hand. "Give me the blood! There's no time to waste!"

Ankhesenaten bowed his head. It was not meant
to be. The man was simply not worthy of greatness. "I
have nothing for you, my lord," he said flatly. "Noth-
ing that would be of use to you."

Godfrey's face flushed with rage. "You misbegot-
ten snake! Is that your game, then? You see a chance
for profit, and you raise your price? Name it!" He
snatched a bulging leather bag from his belt. "I've gold
aplenty, thanks to your past gifts!"


"The blood of the god is not a trinket to be
bought and sold," Ankhesenaten hissed, low and
quiet. Godfrey recoiled, his rage shriveling before
the Setite's sudden advance. "Where is your hunger,
Godfrey? When we first met, you were but a frontier
lord with a heap of stones for a tower. You railed and
whined like a pup denied his
mother's teat, while Roland's
other vassals enjoyed his favor
and drank from his red cup!
You wanted their strength,
their vitality. You wanted to
show your immortal lord that
you were every bit as worthy as

you as mighty as Roland's favored
liege men?"

Godfrey took a halting step back,
speechless, nodding fearfully.

"Did you not triumph at your
lord's tournaments? Did you not
grow wealthy in ransoms and
honored on the battlefield?
And did I not keep my

these last two years. Are you not hungry for the
feast now before you?"

Godfrey shrank before the vampire's dread gaze.
His lip trembled. "If I don't have the blood, William's
men will surely kill me," he whimpered.

"Had you been worthy, after this night you would

never had fear of death again."
Ankhesenaten could no
longer conceal his con-
tempt. "You have rejected

the gift of the true god. I
have no pity for you now."
Taking Godfrey by the neck
like a cur, he cast the knight
headlong through the tent's

dooney:

Ankhesenaten sank gracefully
into a chair and fought to calm his
icy rage. He would have to make
sacrifices and abase himself before

the god. An exquisite plan long in
the forging, shattered by a single
flaw. But better to cast aside the
weak and the timid rather than
share the blood of Set with

promise to you, year after Q=" % the unworthy.
year, giving you drink with- SEE Ss" When he had composed
out asking anything in SS himself, the Setite sent for

return? And now you dare to come before me and
act the craven when power beyond your dreams lies
within reach! When Duke William comes, Roland
will need every warrior he can muster! He will
become indebted to you! He will take you into his
counsel. Can you not see what this could make
you? I have whetted your appetite for power for

Goreb. All was not completely lost. The Ventrue
Duke Roland would still be a desperate lord, come
the next sunset. "Fetch a child from the town to
sacrifice," he said. "Then, in the morning, have the
gold and other valuables taken and hidden in the
countryside. I expect Duke Roland's men will come
for me tomorrow night."


Your lord, the Duke Roland, wishes to hear my
confession, does he? Indeed? Go back to your lord,
childe, and tell him only this: | have committed no
crimes against your lord. I ama Follower of Set, and my
heart is pure.

How is it that I am to blame for the calamity that
has befallen Champagne? Was it I who forswore my
oaths to Roland and came late to the battlefield, or
was it the craven Godfrey of Sezanne? Was it I who fell
upon Troyes with fire and sword, or was it that Lasombra
devil Duke William? I lay sleeping 50 miles from the
sunlit battle, yet I am to be accountable for the firing
of the duke's tower and the deaths of his beloved
childer? You have the look of a scholar about you,
young one — explain to me the logic of these accusa-
tions. Is it because of my faith? I ama heathen to you,
it is true, but does that make me an enemy, like the
paynim devils of the East? Does it surprise you that I
call them thus? Why should it? They were grinding my
people under their heel for hundreds of years before
your Crusaders set foot in Palestine. 1 have no more
love for them than you. If that surprises you, how
might your lord feel if we offered the Ventrue aid and
succor in their planned crusade into my homeland?
Think on that.

You are an intelligent man, and I see you to be a
devoted servant of the Duke. This recent attack has
left him in dire straits, and for a misunderstanding he
has imprisoned me, at a time when I might be able to
save him from his current plight. You have come ready
to record my words; do so now. I shall confess. Not to
any crime, but to the truth about my people, and the
battle we have fought for centuries to save mankind
from itself.

Again, you are surprised. Wait. There are more
revelations yet to come.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

Tue LE oF Osiris

If you are to understand the ways of my people, you
must first put aside all you have known or believed
about existence. The world is not as you believe it to be.

Long, long ago, when even great Egypt was young,
there were two worlds, one upon another, connected by
a great, dark river. One was the living world, the other
the afterlife, a place my people call Du'at. The way of
the two worlds was this: a man was born into the living
world, where he grew strong and made for himself a
strong and prosperous family. When his time here was
done, his life essence, his ka, would leave the body and
cross the dark river into the afterlife. Now, the afterlife
is like an image reflected in quicksilver — it is a place
identical to our own, and everything that exists in this
world has its place there as well. The dead man's family
would carefully clean and prepare his body, and make a
house out among the sands where he could continue his
eternal existence in comfort. Outside the door to the
necropolis, the priests would enact special rites over the
body, releasing the man's spiritual essence, his akh, and
his personality, called the ba. When the body was
interred, all three elements would reunite in the body
across the river, and the man would rise to live a life of
ease and plenty in the afterlife, cared for by the devo-
tions of his family.

Now, in those first days, all men lived their lives to
the fullest, drinking deeply of every pleasure and temp-
tation, as the gods had meant it to be. When they
hungered, they killed and ate meat; when they thirsted,
they crushed grapes for wine. When they lusted, they
took what pleasure they wished in the company of their
kin. These people lived as gods, and grew fierce and
strong, fearful of neither beast nor demon, and when
their time was done they crossed willingly into the
afterlife and lived as kings. So long as the people were


strong, and lived without hesitation or restraint, the
two worlds were vibrant and prosperous, and there was
balance, called Maat.

It was the duty of the man-gods to live according to
Maat and pass along this knowledge to their children,
but there was one such man, a great chieftain named
Ra, whose appetite was as the jackal's, both ravenous
and cowardly. He thought of all the riches brought to
the afterlife by those who had gone before him, and of
all that which would follow in generations tocome, and
his every day and night was consumed with schemes to
gain these treasures for himself. Then, as his time drew
nigh to cross over into the next world, he called his
favored grandson Osiris to his side and told him his
plan. Osiris was much like his grandfather, hiding his
craven nature beneath a mask of handsome beauty, and
he agreed to Ra's plan in return for his share of the
afterlife's riches.

So Osiris went before the people of Egypt and
rebuked them for their fierce and independent ways,
using his false charm to deceive them into feeling
shame for their sensuous and impulsive natures. He laid
the strong low and elevated the weak, making all equal
by the institution of law. No more were the days of wild

hunts and nights of carnal joy; instead Osiris bound his
people in layers of smothering and restrictive customs.
He taught the people of Egypt the deceit of civilization,
and perverted Maat, so that the people turned away
from the savage parts of their nature and lost their
connection to the ways of the land. The people of Egypt
made Osiris their first king, and his laws worked like
poison in their blood and left them weak.

Now Osiris had a brother, who was known as Set,
or Sutekh. Set was a great hunter, stalking the most
fearsome beasts with great cunning and guile. He was
not so strong or so beautiful as Osiris, but his intelli-
gence and perceptiveness was envied among all. It was
Set's habit to hunt among the sands of the desert,
seeing a majesty and power there that escaped the gaze
of lesser men. So it was that Set was out among the
sands when his brother Osiris began his trickery, and
when he returned he was greatly troubled by what he
saw. Set perceived that the grip of law and custom
would unbalance Maat, but as he did not wish to raise
his hand against his brother, he went before his father
and asked merely for a birthright of his own. Osiris
could keep the rich and fertile lands of Upper Egypt,
Set told his father, while he asked for nothing more


than the desert wastes of Lower Egypt, where at least
the people could live according to the ways of Maat.
But Ra refused, wanting nothing to interfere with his
cowardly scheme, and instead exiled Set into the
deepest deserts, to die far from the sight of men. As a
final stroke, Osiris took Set's sister-wife Nepthys to
his bed and produced from her a son, named Anubis.
Thus there would be no children to remember Set's
name once he had crossed into the afterlife.

SLAVES IN Du' AT

Thus it came to be that Ra crossed over into the
underworld and made war on the souls who rested
there, conquering them because their families in the
living world had grown weak and forgotten their duties
of remembrance. Ra took the treasures of those he
conquered and ruled over them with a cruel hand. The
weaker the people grew, the harder their journey into
Dw'at became, leaving them at the mercy of Ra, who
took their possessions and gave them the choice of
eternal slavery or destruction. Later, when Anubis
crossed the dark river, Ra gave him charge over who
would live in chains and who would perish forever.
Anubis became the keeper of the scales, and guided the
dead across the dark river and into the next world.

Meanwhile, Set languished in the desert wastes,
betrayed and brokenhearted. Though he was accus-
tomed to the rigors of the desert, in time even his
stamina was exhausted, and he drew close to death.
Desperate, he dug deep into the sands, hoping to find
even a drop of water to cool his thirst. He dug for seven
days and seven nights, and as the last of his strength
failed him he saw a trickle of water seep up through the
sands and gleam under the moonlight. Set brought the
water to his lips and saw that it was dark as night. It was
the water of the dark river itself, the bridge between
worlds, but his thirst overcame him, and he drank.

When Set drank the water of the dark river, his
spiritual essence, his akh, fled from his body, carried
along into Du'at. Yet so great was his will to live that his
ka remained rooted in his body, along with his ba. And
so Set became one of the unliving, of both worlds and
yet neither, and his akh revealed to him what Ra had
done in the afterlife, and he understood how he had

been deceived.

THe TYRANNY OF LAw

So you see now how the tyrants have corrupted
the natural order, have tricked man into diminishing
himself? It continues even today, even in your Chris-

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

tian faith. Are you not forbidden to indulge in the
glories of the flesh, are you not taught to put aside the
urges of this world for the rewards of the next? Surely
you must have wondered why such natural feelings
had to be denied. Now you know why. You are being
cheated of your birthright.

When Set had learned the truth of Ra's plan, he
returned from the desert to confront his brother and set
things right again. With cunning and guile he trapped
Osiris in a finely wrought sarcophagus and threw it into
the Nile. Yet the struggle to restore Maat was only just
beginning. Osiris had many followers, and the people of
Egypt no longer remembered the world as it had been.
As one they turned against Set and reviled him, hunt-
ing him in the night. Set had no wish to slay the people
of Egypt, for they knew not what they were doing, so
instead he sought out followers of his own who could
spread the truth throughout the land. He sought out the
finest minds in Egypt, the most learned of priests and
scholars, who had often suspected that the world was
notas Osiris said it was. To prove what he said was true,
Set shared his blood with them, which carried in it the
water of the dark river, and their akh crossed over into
the underworld and perceived the truth of things. That
is how the Followers of Set were born, and they went
among the people at the bidding of their god to awaken
the desires locked in their hearts and free them of Osiris'
tyranny of law.

And so began the battle for the world, the prime-
val struggle that the Cainites of Europe have since
distorted beyond recognition. Though Osiris had been
defeated (and installed by Ra in the underworld as the
Lord of the Dead), his son Horus continued the fight
against Set and his followers, enlisting the aid of the
jackal-headed Lupines and the treacherous children
of Bast. Worst of all, Osiris and Horus created their
own immortal followers, the Mummies, whose forms
could be destroyed, only to return to plague us time
and time again. For many centuries the war raged,
tragedy piled upon tragedy as the dark god and his
devoted fought not just for Egypt, but for the souls of
its people. We nurtured our temples in secret, lest the
were-beasts and their kin fall upon us with fire and
sword, and we hoarded many relics of the ancient days,
artifacts and hoary papyri hearkening back to lost Ur
and the First City of men. See! Even your eyes alight
with wonder at the thought of it! We alone sought to
remember the mysteries of mankind's youth when all
others sought to throw them to the flames.


DEFEATS AND VICTORIES

Finally, through much blood and sacrifice, Set
stood triumphant. He hurled his nephew Horus, bro-
ken and bleeding, into the next world, and hunted the
Lupines even to the ends of the desert. But what we
took for triumph turned to bitter ashes on our tongues,
for we were too dedicated to our beloved land and saw
not beyond its sacred borders. For even as we turned the
nobles of Egypt back to their days of decadence and
glory, the followers of Horus stirred the Hyksos and sent
them against us, delivering their homeland into the
hands of the invaders rather than see Maat restored!
We who served the dark god were given a bitter lesson
in those days, one which we have never forgotten. It is
not enough to open the eyes of those whom we love; we
must show the truth to friend and foe alike, even to the
distant parts of the earth. All the world must know the
dark god before paradise may be regained.

The Hyksos cast down the gods of Egypt and
replaced them with their own, and drove the devoted of
Set once again into the shadows, to cultivate worship
where we could and try to drive out the blasphemous
invaders. Yet we were not warriors, to match their
armies with fire and sword; instead, we learned the arts
of enticement, to blow gently upon the dull coals of
desire. We served our conquerors as merchants and
artisans, scholars and prophets, speaking to their hid-
den desires with subtle gifts and tempting whispers. In
time, their zeal faded, and the greatest among them
came to know the glory of our god. Yet still we remained
captive; foras the Hyksos' strength wore away they were
supplanted by the Libyans, then the Ethiopians, and
later the hated Persians. Our undying patience was
matched, stroke for stroke, and in this way we came to
learn that immortal hands were being turned against us,
unknowing of the lies of Osiris. The children of Caine
now lay at the roots of the great empires, directing them
in their quests for power or revenge, heedless of the
harm they brought to the world.

Thus it was that great Set commanded us to go out
from our homes, to turn our backs on the sands of Egypt
and spread his word into the distant places of the Earth,
even unto the ears of the children of Caine, to lead
them back to the truth. So we came to be known among
the councils of the Cainites and unjustly despised, for in

the eyes of men suchas your lord we stood to destroy all
that they held dear.

SETITES AND THE CHILDREN OF CAINE

Unlike European Cainites, the Followers of
Set do not base their identity on the fact that they
are vampires, but instead distinguish themselves
simply as servants of the dark god. While they
must drink blood to survive and shun the daylight
as the Cainites do, the Setites see this as a natural
consequence of their dual existence, not as an
indicator of a common origin with the Western
vampires. To the Setites, any being whose energies
exist simultaneously in both worlds must follow
certain strictures in order to survive. Cainites must
feed as they do, sleep as they do, yet have many
different powers and physical features completely
unlike the Setites. The Followers of Set believe
vampires in general to be descendants or servants
of evil spirits loosed on the world when Ra con-
quered the afterlife and upset Maat. A Cainite who
tries to establish relations or request assistance
from a Setite based on the assumption of a com-
mon origin is likely to be met with derision or even
righteous indignation.

Dark REVELATIONS

And so the Followers of Set found their way across
the land, in merchant caravans, slavers' coffles, royal
embassies and entertainers' troupes. When Alexander
drove the Persians from Egypt, we waited on him at
Siwaand hinted that he was divine; we attended on him
ashe celebrated his conquests in the palace of Persepolis,
and a whisper in his ear brought the seat of Persia's
empire crashing down in flames. Where he went, we
followed, settling in the courts of his governor-generals,
so that when at last the great Macedonian fell ill and
died, his great kingdom fell with him.

It was the Greeks who brought large numbers of
Cainites to our shores, haunting Alexander's city on the
coast and reaching as far as Memphis. They sought the
secrets of our land, and we shared with them what they
wished, leading them to the sacred truths of Set. Many
accepted the true path, reviving much of the old ways
for the first time in centuries. We found favor in the
court of Ptolemy, and the elders of our kind gathered in
the ancient city of Tanis, to celebrate at the feet of the
god and convey his wisdom to the faithful.

BOOK THREE: SERPENTS


There were clashes from time to time. Greek Cainites
grew jealous of our growing influence, especially amid
the scholars at the great library, and from time to time
they sought to hunt us down and rid us from the cities.
Always we melted into the desert, where Set's power
was strong, and let our enemies exhaust themselves
against the pitiless sands. We had learned our lessons
well from centuries of invasion: patience and stealth
will undo the fiercest of warriors.

The Ptolemaics lingered long after Greece was no
more; in truth they had become more like us than their
true countrymen. We skulked in their temples and
whispered to them at their feasts; in time, they might
have been the seeds of a new Egypt reborn in the image
of the dark god. But then came the Romans and their
prideful Cainite masters, disdainful of our ways and
merciless in their subjugation. This once, we forgot
ourselves and sought to turn the Romans aside through
open revolt. We were utterly crushed, and Cleopatra,
last of the Ptolemaic line, chose the kiss of the asp rather
than be led to Rome in chains.

From that day forward we worked toward Rome's
destruction. We made them rich with slaves and gold,
always hinting that they could be richerstill. We helped

them raise their temples and told them that they were
fit to sit beside the gods. The Ventrue fought us at every
turn (which is why your lord and his brethren hate us
even today), but before long it was Rome itself they
were fighting, the colossus they themselves had created.
For a time the engine of law served the interests of Set
instead of oppressing them, spreading decadence
throughout the far reaches of the empire.

Yet even as we savored the glorious subversion of
Rome, an event occurred that shook our cause to its
core. Now well over a millennium in the past, this
event still reverberates among the faithful. Set
thrashed and howled in his sarcophagus of onyx, and
his thoughts filled the dreams of all his children,
even unto the Sixth Generation. For seven nights he
spoke, thundering in their minds from sunset to
sunrise; it was a great foretelling, a series of visions
that prophesied the end of the world, when the dark
river would run dry and the two worlds would become
one. Whether this was because of the efforts of Ra or
Set, none can say. The visions drove many elders
mad, fleeing Tanis into the sands and carrying the
knowledge they gained with them. At the end of the
seventh night, the elders that remained lay in their


sarcophagi, spent and quivering in awe. Only ahand-
ful of mortal priests dared approach the great vault
where the god slumbered, but the onyx sarcophagus
lay in pieces, some blasted deep into the sandstone
walls. The dark god Set, Lord of Sand and Storm, was
gone. None know the hour of his return.

Disaster befell Tanis in the centuries after the god's
disappearance. First, the Romans did great damage to
our mortal servants and to our temples in a bloody raid
on the city. Later still, a great storm descended upon
Tanis, and on its heels came the Lupines. Long had they

call out to their children, and their children's children,
summoning them back to attend them in the deeps. Ido
not know if this is true, nor do know the fate of any who
may heed the call.

When Tanis drowned, the surviving mortal popu-
lation fled and established a sister city, called Tinnis,
on one of Lake Manzala's islands. Clearly they feared
the nightmarish memories of the jackal-beasts that
rampaged through the doomed city more than the
waters of the lake itself. Tinnis is now a center of
commerce, producing many rich textiles much sought-

thirsted for revenge against us, and their time had come
round at last. Without the power of the god to bolster
us, the Lupines could not be stopped, and many of Set's
devoted fell beneath their claws or were driven into the
night. Our temples were razed, and the city's vaults and
tunnels were flooded when Lake Manzala overflowed
its banks and washed through the city streets. Never
again would my people settle in one place again. Many
of our elders and the greatest of our treasures remain in
Tanis still, locked in tombs of sandstone and water. It
is said that sometimes the minds of the drowned ones

after in Egypt and elsewhere. Tinnis has become
home to a sizable population of our brethren and
Cainites alike who seek to plumb the depths of the
drowned city. Of all the cities in Egypt, only Tinnis
can be said to have a Setite prince as its ruler, the
Hierophant elder Setepenre, who has welcomed
Greek-born Brujah, Cappadocians, and even schol-
arly Toreador to study Tanis under his auspices.
Other Cainite expeditions, most especially the two
recently sponsored by the Tremere, he has turned
back or destroyed. Setepenre jealously guards the

THE PROPHECIES OF SET
The cryptic revelations known as the Prophecies of Set are the subject of considerable controversy among

the god's devoted followers. While some see the revelations as foretellings of unalterable events leading to the
world's destruction, others believe that the prophecies are in fact a series of instructions designed to bring about
the collision of the living and unliving worlds. The fact that these instructions were obfuscated in cryptic verses
exist asa test to the Followers of Set, so that only the most clever would be worthy of achieving the god's master
plan, and presumably reaping the rewards associated with it.

Still others find the god's cryptic messages to have a much darker meaning. In the centuries since the
destruction of Tanis, there have been certain elders who have suspected that one among their number betrayed
the city to the Lupines, hoping to deliver the god or his secrets into the hands of his enemies. No one has ever
provided a credible reason for such betrayal, but that has not stopped the elders from using their suspicions to
launch punitive inquisitions among their kind, hoping to root out traitors or eliminate rivals.

The Followers of Set refuse to discuss the prophecies of their god to outsiders, though rumors persist of at least
one written collection, bound in sand-colored leather, which supposedly now resides in the Templar fortress at
Acre. Acre issaid to be anathema to vampires due toa potentaura of True Faith, so this collection remainsa rumor.
No one Setite knows the entirety of the prophecies; it has become a sacred duty for each elder to pass along his
fragmentary knowledge to his childer. As time passes however, and Set's absence lengthens, some elders have
begun to hoard their knowledge of the revelations, in an attempt to reinforce their status within the clan.

There are approximately 300 prophecies attributed to Set, and since his disappearance it is believed that
almost a third of these have been fulfilled, either by circumstance or direct action on the part of cabals of
dedicated Setites. One supposed example of a fulfilled prophecy concerned the diablerie of Saulot and the rise
of the Tremere: Beware the grasping and the blind! They will fall upon he who bears a surfeit of sight and take their
due, and woe unto the lands of the West when their lids tremble and open! Another prophecy, this one supposedly
yet to come, appears to speak to the Setites directly: Let the serpent and the rat embrace, but be not harmed. Let
the Children of the wastes build castles and villages for them in the West, where they will be a joyful sight unto me.


city's ruins, but even his control extends only so far,
as some Lupines still haunt Tanis, and show no mercy
to any whom they encounter.

AINDS ON THE
IND

Since the destruction of Tanis, my kind is reluctant
to place our strength in any one place, preferring
instead to wander the corners of the earth as Set
wandered the deserts of old. Our surviving elders wait
on the night of our god's return, and in the meantime
they hasten to do the work of our Lord and watch for the
fulfillment of his prophecies.

Not only is there safety in movement, but the
labors of Set require us to be constantly searching for
items to entice, to awaken, to arouse. For instance, it
has come to my attention that an emir in Cairo has
in his possession a collection of scrolls authored by
Cicero and Homer, taken from the library of Alexan-
dria. They mean little to him, merely a curiosity
collected from a conquered city — but think what it
would mean to a man of letters such as yourself. You
see? It is not enough to enlighten a man with mere
words — we must have in our possession gifts and
riches enough to bestir all manner of mortal and
Cainite. As a result, the majority of our wanderings
are taken up with building fortunes and networks of
informers, adventurers and thieves. We travel the
many caravan routes, stopping in the major cities
once or twice a year and dealing with our agents
there. If we have ongoing interests in a city, such as
Cairo or Constantinople, we might have our affairs
managed there by a trusted childe. In fact, many
elders prefer to keep their progeny in one place at
first, to allow them to sharpen their skills for a few
decades in familiar surroundings and learn the basics
of managing a network of human agents.

TRAVELING IN THE DARK
MEDIEVAL WorLD

Life on the road is full of unexpected dangers,
from the depredations of bandits to the unpre-
dictable whims of tyrannical lords, not to mention
the perils of sunlight and the stretches of Lupine-
haunted woodland that present unique hazards to
any traveling Cainite. It's no wonder then, that
many Cainite lords rarely stray from the safety of
their homelands, where at least the dangers are
well-known and predictable. The typical Setite
spends nearly all of his unlife traveling between
the major cities of the Middle East and Europe,
however, and so the Serpents have developed
numerous customs and practices to make their
journeys as safe as possible.

Setites conceal their movements within the
long trails of merchant caravans, often organizing
the travel arrangements of several traders and
pooling their resources to hire mercenary troops
for security. Even on well-traveled routes, a Setite
often sends ahead an advance party of mortal
retainers and ghouls to scout the road and alert his
network to prepare for their master's arrival. Dur-
ing the long journeys, a Setite spends virtually the
entire time slumbering in one of the scores of
large chests carried by the caravan, arising only to
periodically feed from a member of his retinue and
make the nightly obeisance to Set. A Serpent
typically rests in a plain sarcophagus of sandal-
wood or cedar, sometimes perfumed with incense
to disguise the his scent when passing through
Lupine-haunted forests.

The Followers of Set rarely travel together,
preferring not to share the details of their network
and their routes with their peers. Though ostensi-
bly united in their devotion to their god, childer
vie with one another for the favor of their sire, and
a Setite who is unable to defend his holdings from
his brethren will find no sympathy from his elders.
Additionally, the growing rivalries and discord
between the Hierophant and Decadent factions
have led to several attacks on the open road,
encouraging caution and stealth among the Setites.
Conversely, however, the Serpents frequently of-
fer the safety of their caravan to Cainites headed in
the same direction, a simple gesture that provides
the potential for making valuable contacts.


EGyYet

Land of Kings, beloved of Geb and Nut, cradle ofall
life — Egypt is the source of all our power, and memo-
ties of her eternal sands sustain us on all our journeys.
Nowhere in the world are we as strong as in the land of
our birth, even as our people rest under the hand of yet
another conqueror, the Muslims. Unlike the Greeks,
who tolerated our true religions and even adopted
much into their own, the Muslims are not so accepting
of our beliefs, forcing our temples into hiding once
more. In truth, after hundreds of years of persecution by
the Coptic Christians during Roman times, then the
equally unkind Muslim dynasties, there are few Egyp-
tians, even in the outlying lands, who remember the
true gods of their people. In these times we are forced to
nurture small, isolated temples, drawing in the poor and
the disaffected, or those who nurture hatreds for the
Muslims' harsh laws. Nevertheless, our power in Egypt
is still strong, for there remain many holy places conse-
crated to the god in the vast deserts and many secret
sites containing relics and treasures of great antiquity.

This is not to say that Egypt is free from Cainite
influence. The sad truth, in fact, is that even in our
homeland, our numbers are smaller than the sum of the
heathen Cainites. There are small but significant num-
bers of the Lasombra playing their games in the courts
of Cairo, though the recent downfall of the Fatimids in
favor of Salah ad-Din and his uncle seemed to catch
even these pale spiders by surprise. The upheavals have
further gained the attention of the mighty Assamites,
those swords of Haqim whom your lords fear so fer-
vently. I wonder how surprised your lords would be to
see the wild-eyed demons of Alamut passing through
the marble courts of the sultan like sage lions and
composing verse to the greater glory of Salah ad-Din,
who drove the infidel from the Holy City and back to
the sea. They seek to spur the Ayyubids on to even
greater glories, and have been perceptive enough to
seek our council in such things, for we know well who
can be persuaded, and how.

Alexandria is now a gateway to our country for
European and Levantine Cainites, granted free passage
through the city by its melancholy Toreador prince.
Through Alexandria's ports come exiled Cainites of
every clan, seeking refuge or planning their revenge
against enemies left in Europe. Ventrue lords dispatch
their childer to scout Egypt in preparation for their
rumored crusade, and small bands of Tremere leave the
city to seek lost knowledge in the shifting sands of the

desert. There are still Brujah lingering in Alexandria,
stubbornly clinging to a Greece that is no more and
haunting the remnants of their once-great library. They
have resisted our overtures for many, many years, but
with each passing night their bitterness grows, and we
are ever patient.

Aswe did the Hyksos in millennia past, we serve the
Muslims as merchants, traders, scholars and healers,
fulfilling their many needs. Many of our number derive
their power and influence from the slave markets,
bringing in flesh from as near as Palestine and as far as
the forbidding Caucasus. Many of these slaves are
servants to their true masters, drinking a little of the
dark river in our veins and reporting back of the needs
and vulnerabilities of their erstwhile masters. In time,
perhaps, these slaves will aid us in pushing the invaders
from our homeland forever; even now there are Setite
traders providing the Ayyubid sultan with fierce Mamluk
slaves to serve as his palace guard.

The desires of the Ayyubids to broaden trade with
the infidel West has also opened further opportunities
for inroads into the Sultan's court, allowing us to entice
the Muslim nobles with European textiles, steel and
gold in return for silks and spices. Many of the court who
lost favor during the fall of the Fatimids have set their
feet upon the path to Set in their desire to regain the
riches and status that had once been theirs. When
neither gold nor indolence touches the Muslims, often
the conceits of scholarship can stir their souls. There are
even Lasombra and Cappadocians who have surren-
dered their much-vaunted control in pursuit of Egypt's
secrets or the knowledge imported there from Greece
and elsewhere. We provide translators, scribes, even
guides to feed the desires of these cold intellects. Few are
wise enough to see that once a secret is answered,
another must be sought out, deeper and darker than
before. It is their glorious undoing.

While many of our number thus keep houses close
to the Muslim courts in Lower Egypt, there are also
elders and their progeny who follow a more ancient,
traditional path. They still lure the ambitious to Set's
embrace through the sublime arts of prophecy. There is
a Setite elder, a Hierophant named Tenermentu, who
lurks in the shadows at Siwa, where the priests con-
firmed Alexander's belief in his own divinity. At Siwa,
in distant oases and in half-deserted villages, there are
temples where mortal and Cainite alike can approach
and be told of their destiny. The Setite speaks through
the priests there and gives the supplicants enough to
encourage their particular beliefs and desires; often

BOOK THREE: SERPENTS


these souls return again and again, for further insight
and instruction. The secret is in knowing a supplicant's
weaknesses; mortals, even Cainites, have hidden de-
sires that need only a little encouragement to come to
the surface. These desires need not be evil in nature —
in fact, the greatest corruption occurs from the noblest
of aspirations.

Consider, for instance, a merchant from Alexan-
dria who is considering a risky investment in shipping
wine to Italy. He wishes to make more money so that his
wife and children might live in comfort, and so he
approaches an oracle and asks if his decision is the
correct one. The Setite may thus give hima divination
of seven ships, their holds overflowing with gold. Be-
lieving his choice to be the correct one, he goes out and
invests all he has in purchasing seven ships, even if he
must sink himself deeply into debt. Time passes, and
nature takes its course. Ships are lost to pirates or storm,
and the man becomes desperate. He turns to gambling,
he waters his wine, he may even steal from his partners
— deeper and deeper he sinks, unable to let go of the
golden vision that has ultimately tainted his soul. Many
become devoted to the dark god without ever realizing
it, all for a handful of words.

Tue Hory LAND

The passions that inflame the lands of Palestine —
the so-called "Holy Land" of both Christian and Mus-
lim — provide fertile ground for our labors. The
Christians and their Ventrue patrons cling to their
shrinking holdings like lions, while the Muslim nobles
in Jerusalem are eager to expand their conquests and
drive the infidels back into the sea. The soon-to-expire
truce wrought by Salah ad-Din and the English King
Richard opened Jerusalem to pilgrims of both faiths, but
has only put off the inevitable confrontation. In the
meantime, desperation and religious fervor leave hearts
and minds open to countless temptations, both mental
and physical.

Jerusalem's physical distance from the centers of
Muslim culture and influence leave the Islamic nobles
in residence there even more dependent on the lifeline
of trade from Cairo. Setite-controlled caravansallow us
an indirect source of influence on the political
maneuverings between the Ayyubid dynasty and its
allies in Palestine, as we offer our services as messengers,
intermediaries and even spies between the different
families. In so doing we craft the rise and fall of many

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

ambitious men, drawing them so deeply into our debt
that they will beggar their souls to survive — at which
point they are ours forever.

While there are few Setites actually in residence in
Jerusalem, the city is interwoven with many networks
of agents and spies, conducting business and collecting
information for their masters. Strangely, it is becoming
increasingly difficult to maintain such networks for
long, even with devotees who have drunk of our blood.
Most disappear sooner or later, and others have been
known to lose their sanity. Why this is the case is not
certain, though some Setites who frequent the city
speculate that the large number of heathen holy sites in
the city place an increasingly intolerable strain on our
servants' faith. If it continues, it is likely that more and
more young Setites will be sent into the city to manage
their masters' affairs.

On the Christian side of the coin, we have reaped
both gold and coin in the passage of pilgrims from Tyre
to the Holy City. There are Setites who keep houses in
Tyre and offer to guide Christians through the bandit-
plagued countryside, though once free of the city walls,
the long journey becomes a series of nightly tempta-
tions. Bandits sometimes kidnap notable pilgrims, and
again we have a hand in this. The prisoners face
numerous seductions of the soul, and when they return
(handsome ransoms paid), they spread the truth of Set
in their homelands.

The Ventrue and Brujah lords who still cling in
vain to hopes of a Kingdom of Jerusalem spare no
opportunity to strike at us when they can. There have
been many tales of atrocities perpetrated against our
brethren and their servants, and their attacks have
been growing in frequency and success of late, particu-
larly in the port city of Tyre. Some believe this is due
to the increasing presence of Nosferatu in the city,
betraying our efforts in order to curry favor with the
Ventrue rulers, but J sense the hand of the Lasombra
in this, attempting to check our inroads into their
lucrative sea trade.

CONSTANTINOPLE

The last, decaying bastion of Holy Rome and its
incestuous intrigues offer the appearance of a rich
bounty of indulgence and corruption, but the subtle
machinations of the local Cainites promise destruction
for the unwary. Most Setites maintain networks in the
city simply because it is the crossroads of the Eastern and
Western worlds, where wealth and influence flow back


and forth under the watchful eye of the Church. Few of
our kind can remain there long before they are drawn
into the schemes and political machinations of the
Emperor's court and the power struggles of the Cainite
Trinity. Some Setites try to profit from the struggles of
the three blood-families, while others curry favor and
influence to support more far-flung endeavors. The
recent decree exempting Genoese traders from the stiff
tariffs imposed on other merchants is just such an
example, attempting to give Setite-supported Italian
merchant houses a means to compete with the more
powerful houses under Lasombra control. This has of
course aroused the fury of the expatriate Cainites of the
Latin Quarter, adding another dangerous dimension to
our efforts in the city.

Constantinople is currently the only city outside
Egypt that maintains a permanent population of Setites,
arare few who have grown obsessed with the wholesale
corruption of the dying Byzantine Empire. It is also the
city where the first non-Egyptian Setites were created,
much to the concern of our elders. The Setites of
Constantinople are widely regarded with some amount
of distrust and suspicion by the rest of our kind. Perhaps
it is the lack of Egyptian blood in their veins, but they
appear to care less for our holy purpose than for the
sheer act of corruption for its own sake.

ITALY

The merchant cities of Venice, Genoa and Pisa
beckon to us from across the Mediterranean, promising
opportunities to extend our influence into the heart of
Europe and beyond. Nobles hungry for the exotic goods
of the East welcome our ships, and in Genoa, several
merchants have followed their own greed into Set's
presence and provided us with a foothold in the
Levantine trade. But if the Muslim Lasombra subtly
seek to counter our influence among the courts of the
Ayyubids, in Italy their Christian brethren fight us with
relentless ferocity, like a beast confronted in its lair.
Murders, thefts and acts of savage piracy are common-
place between the Lasombra-controlled houses in Venice
and Sicily and our followers in Genoa. Despite repeated
setbacks, our brethren stubbornly continue the struggle,
hoping to expand their influence to other houses before
the Lasombra can muster enough strength to destroy
them outright.


EUROPE

The market fairs of Champagne, Rouen and
Paris are the far limits of our influence in Europe at
present, where nobles from across France gather to
partake of our wonders and carry them home to their
kin. Fine silks and spices arouse the avarice of lord
and lady alike, while knights riding the tourney
circuit come seeking potions from the East that
promise to increase their strength and vitality. Un-
like our homeland, here the seductions are more
patient and deliberate, making acquaintances and
learning their desires, then returning in a year's time
with wondrous gifts that set the recipient on the path
to truth. Currently, though, our strange features and
customs mark us clearly for the local lords, and our
comings and goings are treated with intense suspi-
cion and hostility. In some places the Cainites treat
us no better than their herds do Gypsies or Jews,
seeking to blame us for their every misfortune. But
Europe is the heart of Cainite power, as | am sure you
will agree, locked tightly in the tyrannical grip of the
Church and noble fealty. France, Germany and En-
gland cry out for the wisdom of the god, and it is here
that our youngest childer are sent to push the dark-
ness outward, one step at a time.

Houses OF THE GOD

I have no doubt you serve your lord and master
well. You have the look of the dutiful servant, but it
seems to me you hope for something more. Perhaps, in
time, when you have proven your loyalty and your lord
has need of another childe, you will be taken into his
Embrace. Cainites such as your lord spawn childer to
suit their needs or befit their station, much like a rich
man in Damascus buys slaves to fill his halls and show
others how powerful he is. It is not so with us. The
Followers of Set are but few in number, and it shall
always be so, for when we drink deeply of the dark river
we become houses of the god, and only the most
worthy may house the Immanence of the Lord of Sand
and Storm.

SEEKING THE RIVER

There is no worse offense against the god than to
share his essence with one who is unworthy. A Follower
of Set cannot be chosen; the recipient must be seeking
the dark god already. It is a gift that must be asked for,
never offered.

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

Nearly all of Set's children begin as victims of
another Setite's seduction. Most mortals lured into the
darkness react at first with horror and revulsion, still
clinging to the lies of morality and custom. Many times,
the truth of their darker nature crushes them, but it is
the way of this world for the weak to perish to make way
for the strong. Others simply surrender themselves to
their desires and think no more of their former lives,
which is only proper. But a rare few neither break nor
bend; they find meaning in their carnal appetites, a
purpose for the secret ambitions they had dimly felt all
their lives. They are the ones who embrace the transfor-
mations of seduction instead of just its tools. They savor
the darkness awakening within them and seek to spread
it to every soul they touch. They alone are worthy to
serve the true god.

We prefer to create progeny from older men and
women, mortals who have had time to mature and come
into the prime of their abilities, because the arts of
enticement require many different facets of skill and
experience. We prize scholars for their learning and
their well-honed talents of perception and insight. We
value priests if they have learned to use their office to
manipulate the desires of their flock. Naturally, such
men renounce their former faith and offer their souls to
Set, but they often maintain the illusion of Christianity
or Islam in order to seduce the faithful. We select
merchants as well, if they are properly avaricious and
shrewd in the ways of temptation. We do not offer the
dark water to very many nobles, be they Muslim or
Christian; only if their intelligence and charisma are
keen as a knife-edge, and their methods subtle and
refined, will they receive the secrets of the god. We have
no use for the militant or the stoic; a crusade does not
convert an enemy's heart, it only hardens it further.

A Setite often sees the potential in a mortal even
before the seductions begin, and that person earns
especial attention as his darker impulses rise to the
surface. The relationship between corrupter and inno-
cent isalways intimate, sometimes as close as the shared
breath of a lover, but with these potential initiates the
relationship is closer still. We watch them with care to
see what course they will chose once the last shreds of
morality fall away. In many cases this takes years, even
decades. If they have not the courage to revel in their
appetites and destroy themselves, it is of no matter,
because flawed creations are useless to the god, and we
permit nature to take its course. If they sink into
indolence and decadence, then it is a glorious offering
to Set, but no more, and we leave them to their own


devices. But if they choose to use their knowledge to
further their ambitions, or to corrupt others as they
have been corrupted, then the Setite will watch and
wait, offering some assistance where necessary, and
over time revealing clues about the great god and the
nature of the two worlds. If the mortal seizes on this, and
comes willingly to his corrupter to devote himself to the
god, then and only then do we deem him worthy.

Becoming a Follower of Set is not something done
ina darkened alley or in the shadows of a lord's feasting
hall — there is a ceremony that must be performed,
offering the supplicant to the god. This ritual, known as
the Ceremony of Opening the Door, can only be
performed on the nights of the new moon, when
darkness is total.

The supplicant is brought to the sire's house (though
our kind are constantly on the move, we maintain
houses to conduct business in many cities and ports),
where the mortal is bathed by servants and anointed
with scented oils. Then he is brought naked before the
god in the temple room and allowed to see the visage of
Set for the first time.

The sire presents a curved knife to the effigy of the
god and chants, in the language of ancient Egypt:
Homage to thee, O Set, Keeper of the Sands and Dweller in
the Darkness. I am thy servant. I am the serpent who rests
in thy right hand and strikes at thy enemies. I am the serpent
in thy left hand that whispers to the multitude.

Then the knife is passed to the supplicant, who
must kneel before the face of the god and say: Hail to
thee, Lord of the Wastes! Hear me, that thou may come
unto me! See me, and the knife I hold in my hand, and
take this drink to ease thy thirst. With that, the suppli-
cant must open his veins and let his blood wash over
Set's visage. As his life drains away, the supplicant
must recite before the god his many appetites and
depravities, to show that he is a fitting vessel for the
god's essence.

All the while the sire watches, as the supplicant
grows ashen and the fountain of life slows to a trickle.
Atthe proper time he comes before the mortal and lets
him drink of the dark river that surges in his veins, and
the door is opened. The supplicant's akh flies on
falcon's wings into Du'at, and his body becomes a
house of the god.

Tue IMPORTANCE OF NAMES |

Setites maintain the ancient Egyptian belief
that a person's name is a vital cornerstone of his
existence, both in this world and in the afterlife.
They believe that ifa man's name is forgotten, and
all traces of it destroyed, then he immediately
ceases to exist. For this reason, Setites carve their
name into their sarcophagi and the walls of their
burial chambers, and charge their servants with
the sacred duty of preserving theirname inmemory
should they ever be slain. By the same token, a
Setite will not be content with merely the destruc-
tion of aarchenemy —he will not stop until there
isno one alive to remember the foe's name and no
trace of it written anywhere.

WASHING THE FACE OF Gop

Once asupplicant has drunk the dark waters, it now
falls upon himas one of Set's children to not only spread
his truth amongall mortals, but also to nurture the god's
memory and provide for himas any dutiful child should.

The first challenge for any newborn Setite is the
building of a network of influence, whereby he may
acquire wealth and other objects of desire. These are the
tools of our craft, and permit us to spread the truth of the
god across the known world. Each Setite accumulates
treasures according to his own nature — a former
scholar might work to amass a library of priceless antiq-
uities to tempt the minds of mortal and Cainite alike,
whereas a noble might collect lands, servants and gold
to ply the hardened hearts of fellow lords. Not only is
material wealth important and useful in this world, but
also in the next, for ifa Setite is ever truly killed, he must
continue to serve the god in the next life, and will need
resources with which to continue the struggle.

Like any true Egyptian, a Follower of Set is always
cognizant of the otherworld, and each house he pos-
sesses contains a temple to the god and burial chamber
that serves as a place of slumber and a refuge should the
Setite one day cross over into the afterlife. The burial
chamber contains a sarcophagus, usually of cedar but
occasionally made from sandstone or marble, inscribed
with the Setite's name and protective invocations to
ward off intruders. Arrayed about the sarcophagus are

BOOK THREE: SERPENTS


clothes, equipmentand treasures set aside for the Setite's
existence in the next world. Also lining the walls of the
room are statues of wood or clay called shabti, which act
as servants in the otherworld. There is also a copy of The
Book of Going Forth by Night, a tome handed down from
Set and containing all the necessary rituals to allow a
Setite to make the transition into the afterlife. It is the
responsibility of the Setite's closest servants to ensure
that the body of their master is properly interred in the
burial chamber if he should ever be truly slain.

It is one of the gifts of Set that we often become
naught but a pile of sandy ash in death. This allows us
to enter Du'at secretly and evade the notice of Anubis
and hence bypass his scales. It does provide a challenge
for our servants, as they must follow our sacred texts and
collect the ash. The sandy remains must be carefully
separated and prepared before internment in the sar-
cophagus. If not, we are left without support in Du'at.

The most secret and best-protected part ofa Setite's
house is a temple dedicated to the worship of the god.
The dimensions and trappings of the temple room vary
widely, but each must contain a statue of Set, carved
from ebony or onyx. In this room the Setite performs
the necessary obeisance to the god, first upon awaken-
ing at nightfall, and then just before he seeks his
slumber at dawn. An offering of blood is poured into a
bowl at the statue's feet, then the statue is washed in
scented oils and the Setite offers prayers for the contin-
ued strength and prosperity of the god. Even while
traveling, a Setite carries a small statue of the god with
him and makes his obeisance faithfully, screened by
watchful servants. To do otherwise is certain to invoke
the displeasure of the god.

As you can see, we depend greatly on our servants,
perhaps even more so than Cainites do. In most cases,
a Setite will have a small inner circle of priests sworn to
the service of the god and gifted with sips of the river-
blood; you would call these priests ghouls. They also
direct the business of the Serpent's households and
maintain the burial rooms and temples. Beyond these
trusted retainers, a typical Follower of Set spends a great
deal of time establishing and maintaining a large net-
work of mortal servants and agents, including mercenary
guards, spies, servants and traders. Many of these pawns
have no knowledge of their employer at all, merely
taking their gold from another member of the network,
and it is not unheard of for artisans or adventurers to
embark on undertakings without ever realizing that
they are in our employ at all. Mortals are dependable

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3


enough for our purposes, often more so than Cainites,
because once you know their desires and are able to
fulfill them, they will do anything you require.

In recent years, especially in Palestine and Europe,
the agendas of Cainite and human alike have forced us
to maintain a high degree of vigilance in certain cities
to ensure that our own plans continue to fruition.
Sometimes a Setite will install a newly accepted Fol-
lower in one of his houses to manage his affairs for a
prescribed length of time, anywhere from a few months
to a few decades. The childe's responsibilities can vary
from running the sire's business interests, to watching
over the subject of a particularly delicate seduction, to
protecting the sire's holdings (and victims) from Cainite
interference. Ostensibly this is a period of learning, an
apprenticeship of sorts where the progeny learns the art
of creating networks of informers and their use in
discovering suitable victims for seduction. However,
such duties do little to advance the childe's stature in
the eyes of the god, and so the sire is bound to release the
childe as quickly as possible to pursue his own path in
the world. It is not unheard of for impatient or overly
ambitious progeny to rebel against their masters if their
servitude lasts too long.

THE JWANDATES OF
THE Most Hory

In centuries past, the Followers of Set received the
word directly from the great god himself, first in the
darkness of the desert wastes, then later in the vaults
beneath ill-omened Tanis. Though we were few in
number, our influence was powerful because we were
united in the service of Set. Since the god's disappear-
ance, however, much has changed.

THE HIEROPHANTS

In the days after the drowning of Tanis, when many
of our kind were put to flight and scattered across the
Two Lands, those elders who survived the Lupine
attack quickly gathered together and by virtue of their
station assumed the leadership of our kind in the great
god's absence. These Setites were among the firstborn,
who drank directly from the god and waited on him
wherever he went. During the Ptolemaic reign they
came to be called the Hierophants, and it was they who
received the fiercest torrent of Set's prophecies in the
days before his disappearance.

Tue Bioop OATH

The Setites believe that the vitae that passes
from sire to childe is the lifeblood of great Set
himself, passed down from generation to genera-
tion in a line stretching back thousands of years.
They believe that they are literal vessels of the
god's essence; when they make use of their Disci-
plines, they are distilling the very power of the god.
As a result, the idea of placing another Setite, or
even a mortal, under blood oath is considered
nothing short of blasphemy, and using Set's es-
sence to bind a Cainite is a crime deserving of
destruction. Most Setites disdain the blood oath
even when it is used between Cainites, because
such total control is anathema to their ideals of
corruption and self-interest.

This stricture does not apply to the creation of
ghouls, however. Setite ghouls are chosen from
mortal servants or agents that have already dem-
onstrated their loyalty to their master and are
willing worshippers of the dark god. The Setites
see these mortals as disciples of the god, whose
reward is to bear the essence of Set and draw
strength from it. The bond that exists due to the
blood oath is seen in this case as a burden on the
part of the master, not the servant. A Setite must
treat her ghouls as a gift from the god, something
that must not be abused.

Before Set's disappearance, there was no sort of
organization among the Followers, excepting the duties
and devotions expected of childe to sire. All Setites,
even today, are expected to serve the needs of their sire
without fail, and to keep his memory alive should he
ever depart fully into the underworld. Beyond this
stricture, a Follower of Set was charged only with
spreading the truth of the god and heeding his own
desires. Upon Set's disappearance, however, the
Hierophants contacted their children, and their
children's progeny, down through the generations, and
assumed authority over them all in the name of the god.
The Hierophants decreed that they were stewards of the
god's great plan and were the force behind our kind
adopting the almost nomadic existence we share today.

There are seven Hierophants, not counting six
others who remain entombed in the vaults beneath
Tanis. They are all ancient creatures, whose existence
reaches back before the time of the pharaohs. The

BOOK THREE: SERPENTS


greatest of them is called Nakhthorheb, also known as
the First Son, who is said to be of the same tribe as great
Set himself. It is he who holds the Hierophants in an
iron grip, unifying them by force of will and the threat
of the god's wrath. Though all laws and commands
given to our brethren must be agreed upon by all seven
of the great elders, Nakhthorheb is the wellspring from
which such strictures emerge. Ever suspicious and wary
since the loss of Tanis, it is said that he spends many of
his nights as the god did, wandering the wastes of Lower
Egypt and planning the return of Egypt's glory.

Next in power and influence is Seterpenre, Lord of
Tinnis, who in times long forgotten was a mighty
sorcerer, serving the elders of Set's tribe. Unlike
Nakhthorheb, who regards all Cainites as evil and all
non-Egyptians as animals, Seterpenre is more tolerant
of outsiders. He favors alliances with Cainites when
they suit the purposes of Set; it was he who was the
architect of the early alliance with the Tremere, an act
that cost him much in the eyes of Nakhthorheb.

While the First Son makes his proclamations from
the wastes and Seterpenre tries to pull our attentions
beyond the borders of Egypt, it is Maatkare, beloved of
the moon, who remindsus of ourholy purpose ands the
mortar between the stones of our union. It is said she
was Set's concubine in ancient times, and even now her
beauty is so great as to stop the heart of a strong man.
She builds consensus among the elders, outwardly de-
voted to none but her lord and god. Yet it is also true
that her role has given her as much if not more influ-
ence over the elders than either Nakhthorheb or
Seterpenre. Thus far she has offered no plans or initia-
tives of her own to direct us, but nothing happens from
night to night without her approval. Her motives are as
mysterious as the face of the moon.

Since Set's disappearance, much of the elders' time
is occupied with contemplating Set's prophecies, and
occasionally they will reach out to their descendants
and direct them on strange errands to investigate a
person, place or event that resonates with one of the
god's revelations. While they (at the relentless urgings
of Seterpenre) have directed our kind to spread our
influence ever outward, reaching into the West and the
strongholds of Cainite power, the Hierophants them-
selves never leave the sanctity of Egypt, unable to part
themselves from the sands of their home.

The Hierophants are also devoted to keeping the
memory of their sire alive, like any dutiful children
would. As the years pass and the memory of the god
fades (and other Followers are created who never be-

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

held the face of Set), they have taken an increasing role
in enforcing the loyalty and commitment of later gen-
erations. I personally know of three Setites who have
been destroyed at the order of the Hierophants for
failing in their devotion to the god. One of these died
because he defied the wishes of the elders in a matter
relating to the prophecies. Another was rightly de-
stroyed because he shared his vitae with a Cainite. The
third was killed for no other reason than creating a non-
Egyptian childe. The third killing smells of politics to
me; of late the Hierophants have spoken less and less as
aunified group, and it is rumored that there has been a
falling out between the elders, possibly over conflicting
interpretations of the prophecies or lingering suspicions
over the disaster at Tanis. It is certain that in recent
decades the Hierophants have been aggressively seek-
ing out every fragment of the prophecies that they can
find, keeping them not only from the younger genera-
tions, but possibly from one another as well. These acts
have only served to alienate younger Setites from their
hoary antecedents, and lie at the root of the whispers of
dissent rising from distant Constantinople.

THE DECADENTS

The Hierophants' assertion of control after the
nights of prophecy was by no means absolute. With the
destruction of Tanis, the descendants of the drowned
ones would not submit to the surviving elders' author-
ity. Many of these Setites suspected that one of the
surviving elders had betrayed the city to the Lupines,
and held to the traditional practice of loyalty only to
one's immediate sire and childer. They initially spread
throughout Egypt, each seeking to continue Set's work
in their own way, much as they had done before, and
trying to find their own answers to the prophecies. Over
time, however, the Hierophants pushed these "rebels"
out of the Egyptian cities, driving them into Palestine
and later Constantinople. These Setites were soon
driven to form their own loose associations with one
another simply to survive, and the decadent Byzantine
Empire became an ideal refuge in the centuries after the
fall of Rome. For several hundred years, the Hierophant
loyalists and the far smaller faction of Decadents, as
they came to call themselves, had very little to do with
one another.

The Crusades changed all that. The coming of
Christian knights and their Cainite lords into Palestine
forced the Hierophants to acknowledge that Egypt
would never truly belong to the faithful so long as the
West was capable of launching forays against North


Africa and their Holy Land. After the First Crusade
captured Jerusalem, the Hierophants grudgingly man-
dated that the Followers of Set must push outward and
spread the god's influence beyond the borders of Egypt.
But as the years passed, and the focus of our efforts was
directed further and further from our homeland, later
generations of progeny were created who had little or
no ties to the Egypt of old, and were more and more
alienated from the Hierophants. As these younger
generations were sent into the Byzantine Empire and
beyond, they came into contact with the Decadents,
who called themselves the Children of Judas in those
Christian lands, and found they had more in common
with the "upstarts" than their own elders.

Where the Hierophants remain firmly focused on
restoring Egypt's former glory and unseating the tyranny
of Osiris, the Decadents are less concerned with fading
legends and are more interested in wholesale corruption
for its own sake. The leader of the Decadents, a Nuerian
tribesman named Khay'tall, refuses to acknowledge the
authority of Nakhthorheb, and has gone so far as to
promote the worship of evil as the true god, rather than
merely a tool to further the wishes of Set. His childe and
confidant, Sarrasine, outwardly agrees with his sire, but
hisambitions suggest otherwise. It issaid thathe has been
carefully gathering allies from many quarters to eventu-
ally supplant the self-absorbed Khay'tall. Sarrasine's
agenda, however, has driven him to share the blood of
Set with unworthy souls who have no more to offer than
ambitions and ruthlessness to match his own. Jules
Talbot, an exiled French knight, has become Sarrasine's
lieutenant in Constantinople's hivelike Latin Quarter,
and is driven not by religious devotion but sheer, mate-
tialistic hunger. He sees his transformation as nothing
more than a means to an end, and at the bidding of
Sarrasine he is laying the groundwork for Khay'tall's
eventual fall asa great captain plans military campaign.
Itis well-known that Talbot is an infernalist, and he fled
France rather than be burned alive. Talbot has made it
clear that in time he will return home toseek his revenge;
Sarrasine may find that once he has taken the Children
of Judas from Khay'tall, Talbot may be waiting to take
them from him.

One other player in the tangled strands of Decadent
schemes stands apart from their petty squabbles, and in
some ways this makes potentially more dangerous. Bishop
Benedict Alphonso is another of Khay'tall's reckless acts
of corruption, an effort to sow a cancer of evil within the
Church. He succeeded, but only partially. The bishop
was well-chosen for his intelligence, but that same sharp

mind saw our calling not as service to Set, but as a duty
to his own debased serpent, Lucifer. Satan or Set — to
Benedict there is no difference, and his views have
formed a twisted hybrid with Khay'tall's own that we are
merely a force to balance the works of good in the world.
What is most alarming is that this double heresy is being
spread farand wide across the face of Europe by Benedict's
pupils, corruption within corruption.

The Hierophants accuse the Decadents of turning
their backs on the god, and the Decadents retort that
the priests worship nothing but their own iron-fisted
authority. As more and more younger Setites find
sympathy with the Decadent cause, the Hierophants
are facing the possibility of a full-scale rebellion if they
do not resolve the conflict soon.

Non-EoyetiaNn SETITES

Formany thousands of years the Followers of Set
were purely Egyptian, drawn from the ranks of noble
and commoner alike to serve the god and restore
Maat to the Two Lands. Later, during the successive
invasions that saw Egyptians under a procession of
conquerors, the Setites considered sharing the god's
essence with a "barbarian" was the worst form of
blasphemy. Exceptions were made during the Ptole-
maic era in terms of creating ghouls from the Greek
population in Alexandria, only because of theGreeks'
tolerance and interest in ancient Egyptian beliefs.
Despite the ever-increasing diversity of culture and
ethnicity spreading through Egypt and Palestine,
the Followers of Set, particularly the Hierophants,
struggled to keep their identity intact as a bulwark
against the fading legends of Egypt's glory.

The spread of Setite influence in recent years
has put increasing pressure on this ancient stric-
ture, as Serpents in Palestine and elsewhere see the
need to create progeny that can interact less con-
spicuously with Europeans. In addition, younger
Setites, especially Decadents, are growing bold
enough to begin accepting non-Egyptians into
their ranks both as a gesture of rebellion and a
means of bolstering their strength. This trend is
putting increasing pressure on the Hierophants,
who are desperate to keep the focus of the clan
centered on Egypt, and represents a turning point
in the evolution of the clan. The years following
the Third Crusade present a critical period for the
Followers of Set, as its members struggle with their
identity as a clan and their overall purpose.

BOOK THREE: SERPENTS


THE DAMNED AND THE
DECEIVED

To many older Setites, the Children of Caine
represent all that is wrong with the world in the wake
of Ra's usurpation of the otherworld. Only in a land
where Maat had been utterly distorted could Caine and
his progeny come to exist, curses from some false god
notwithstanding. At present, the Cainite manipula-
tions of European and Middle-Eastern civilizations are
perhaps the single largest threat to the our goals of
universal corruption. However, even vampires are not
without their own savage desires. Even they can be
shown the truth of Osiris' great deception and brought
into the service of the true god, often by manipulating
the Cainites' very own schemes. Also, while we all seek
to serve the god, we can and do make common cause
with individual Cainites for other reasons. Part of our
way is to collect contacts and allies, and so we often
help Cainites in their own endeavors. Your princes do
not like to admit it, but there are no clans — and few
elders, even — who have never sought out our help.

ASsHMITES

The Children of Hagim were the scourge of our
people in the early days of the Muslim conquest of
Egypt, dealing aggressively with any threat directed at
the Fatimid rulers and teaching our elders a lasting
lesson in the importance of subtlety. The Assamites'
almost-religious devotion to their founder at least is
something we can well understand, even as their armor
of fanaticism makes them extremely difficult to corrupt.
Of late, the Hierophants have directed a change of
tactics, providing resources and information to assist in
Assamite endeavors in Palestine and Spain. While not
exactly winning the Saracens' trust, we are at least
building a working relationship that will hopefully bear
fruit in the future. At present, our elders are aware of the
Assamites' desire to spur the Ayyubids into further
driving the Christians from Palestine, and have made it
clear that they are willing to aid the Assamites in this.
I believe they wish Assamite aid in return for this
support, but I cannot speak of to what end.


BrUAH

The passionate and idealistic Brujah are often
choice targets for the our manipulations, which find
fertile ground in the clan's combination of idealism and
bitterness of tragedies past. For their part, most Brujah
regard us with unalloyed hate, particularly after the fires
that consumed the library at Alexandria. They have
always blamed the act on the manipulations of a Setite,
and our elders have never gone to any pains to deny it.
Truthfully, we are happy to keep the Brujah as angry
and bitter as possible, because such powerful emotions
turn to poison over the centuries. Whenever possible,
we go to great lengths to place weapons in the hands of
Brujah and reveal the vulnerabilities of a Ventrue lord,
and many among the Brujah rail savagely against our
hand in the growing brutality of their clan.

CAPPADOCIANS

While many clans revile the practices of the
Cappadocians, we find their preoccupation quite un-
derstandable, if misguided. There have been many tales
of Cappadocians lured into the clutches of Set by offers
of relics and knowledge of Egyptian necromancy. In
many ways, the Cappadocians are kindred spirits, lost
souls who seek the otherworld without knowing pre-
cisely what it is they are looking for. We have in the past
provided aid and support to Cappadocians at no cost to
themselves, particularly in Church-dominated
Constantinople. Of all the clans it is the Graverobbers
who are most likely to regard us without prejudice.

GANGREL

The Gangrel are the only Cainites that my breth-
ren regard with open admiration. These so-called
Animals prove that other vampires are in fact able to
embrace their carnal natures and live according to their
physical urges. The Gangrel are especially vulnerable
to our wiles, and there are quite a number of us in
Europe who count Gangrel among our retinues. This is
not to say that the feelings of admiration are mutual —
far from it. Most Gangrel regard the us with fear and
loathing, and will go to great lengths to strike out at
Setites who violate their territory. We approach the
Gangrel as we would any wild beast — with caution and
respect, holding the bridle behind our backs.

LASOMBRA

No other clan in the world causes as much vexation
for us as the subtle and devious Lasombra, schemers
without peer. The machinations of the Islamic branch
are felt nowhere so strongly as the courts of Cairo and

Alexandria, and for centuries they have played a deadly
game with us in our very homeland. Their presence,
more than the Assamites', has ensured the Muslim
domination of Egypt for centuries, though we recently
delivered a telling blow against their rivals by helping
the Ayyubids consolidate their control over the frac-
tious Fatimid caliphate. The upset eliminated many
valuable Lasombra pawns and reduced others in stature,
giving us the upper hand for the first time in hundreds
of years. Now, however, it is the our turn to look for
dangers in every shadow, as we attempt to maintain our
advantage despite myriad Lasombra manipulations.
Move and countermove — the game continues.

Our elders consider it a great victory indeed when
one of the Lasombra falls to our temptations, and we
have succeeded often enough to make the Magisters
exceedingly wary. Conversely, our incursions into Italy,
the seat of Lasombra power, have met with reversal
upon reversal. The cardinals and bishops of the night
know their homeland well.

MALKAVIANS

The Malkavians are a perplexing puzzle to us; we see
so much potential for excess in their madness, yet are
infuriatingly incapable of harnessing it. This is not to
say that we have never succeeded in corrupting a
Malkavian, but such attempts almost never leave a
permanent impression on these mad Cainites, and
sometimes it is not entirely clear who isseducing whom.
The greatest example of this concerned the former
caliph of Cairo, now known as al-Hakim the Lizard.
Though al-Hakim's position naturally made him an
object of considerable value to us, he fell instead under
the sway of the Malkavians, becoming their ghoul.
Though we at first believed that his madness would
make him that much easier to control, instead our every
overture led to wild and unexpected results, and ulti-
mately brought vicious persecutions down upon our
clan and Egyptians in general. The current wisdom
among our elders is that it is better to simply kill the
Malkavians in the long run, though few of us can resist
an opportunity to match wits with them.

NosFeRATU

Ourelders are ofa divided mind about the Nosferatu.
While their wealth of knowledge is exceedingly useful,
it is never far from the our mind that as we are bartering
for secrets about the local Cainites, they are likely
buying information about us. Stealth and discretion are
central to our survival, and the thought of having our
activities bandied about like fruit in the marketplace

BOOK THREE: SERPENTS


causes us no end of unease. Most of my brethren concur
that the Nosferatu are more trouble than they are
worth, and we often take steps to neutralize those
Lepers whom we find, if only to eliminate any possibil-
ity of warning potential Cainite victims.

RAVNos

The Ravnos spoil everything. Many of my brethren
can bitterly relate tales of exquisite seductions, some
taking years to bring to fruition — only to be ruined at
the last minute by one of these infuriating tricksters.
Though they are undeniably corrupt in their own
insufferable way, the Ravnos peddle a form of chaotic
seduction that most certainly causes more harm than
good; the world would be a far better place without
them. Though these wandering Cainites very rarely
make an appearance in lands as distant as Egypt, there
are tales of rivals who have put aside bitter feuds to
eliminate the Charlatans at the first available oppor-
tunity. If the Ravnos are in any way aware of the our
enmity, they show no sign of it, which only angers our
elders further.

TOREADOR

The sheer self-indulgence of many Toreador is a
delight. They are pliable as reeds under our manipula-
tions. In some ways these Cainites are too pliable, for
while the Toreador are more than pleased to submerge
themselves in their own iniquities, they rarely if ever
seek to foster the same corruption on their fellows,
which is of little use to our cause. When an opportunity
to tempt a Toreador appears, the devout corrupter will
not turn aside — unless a more challenging victim
presents itself. Many young Setites are advised to seek
out a Toreador as the first Cainite to pit their nascent
abilities against; the Serpent who fails in the attempt
does not hear the end of it for decades to come. There
are, of course, Artisans who are infuriatingly resistant
toour wiles, especially in the court of Alexandria where
they know us perhaps too well.

TREMERE

At first the idea of an alliance with the Usurpers
seemed a logical one, for they, like us, were beset by
enemies on all sides, and we could offer them much in
stores of lost knowledge and arcane artifacts. For a time
this arrangement worked to our mutual advantage, but
our attempts to slowly turn the Tremere to the path of
the true god was ultimately in vain. The Tremere
worship no other god but Tremere himself, bound up in
the crimson chains of the blood oath. It is despicable.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

Still, there are those among our elders who have sug-
gested an attempt to mend the rift between the warlocks
and ourselves by offering our support in their struggle
against the Tzimisce. As yet, this suggestion has fallen
on deaf ears.

TZIMISCE

The Fiends of Carpathia are almost mythical crea-
tures to us, inhuman monsters brooding in a cold and
forbidding land, taking what pleasure they will of the
land and its people, but suffering no trespasser to enter
their domain. On the one hand, they appear won-
drously, deliciously debased, but on the other, their
perversions have made them so utterly inhuman as to
render their glorious natures irrelevant. This transfor-
mation and its implications trouble our elders deeply,
though few care to admit it.

VENTRUE

The Ventrue stand for all that is anathema to us —
law, tradition, custom, authority. They embody the
deception of Osiris and the tyranny of law that has so
upset the natural world. Many of our schemes are
invariably directed against the Ventrue, either in Pales-
tine or Europe, and the Ventrue respond with fire and
sword, rooting out our kind and destroying them in
gruesome fashion. Most European Ventrue make it
clear that a Setite trespassing on their land will be
destroyed out of hand, which more than anything has
forced us to begin creating progeny from less-conspicu-
ous French, Italian and English stock, or else go disguised
as members of other clans. Of course, there are always
Ventrue more tolerant of us — as my presence here in
Champagne must attest.

OTHERS

Baau

We make nosecret of our hatred for the infernalists,
who further disrupt Maat by summoning demons and
making bargains for power. You will think this foolish
pride, but one major source of our outrage against the
Baali is that their clumsy and brutal activities are often
lumped together with our own. To us, this constitutes a
mortal insult to us and our god. Our traditions regard
demons as evil, the same as Christians or Muslims, and
the thought of giving the world to them is intolerable.
We and the Baali have clashed on numerous occasions,
and with our influence spreading ever deeper into
Europe, a final confrontation between us is looming.


SALUBRI

These Cainites frighten our elders, who find Salubri
practices of enlightenment perverse and nightmarish
— the death of the soul disguised as inner peace.
Though encounters between Setites and Salubri have
been rare, we have been unsettled to no end by the
three-eyes' seemingly imperturbable nature. Many of
our kind breathed a sigh of relief when they learned of
Tremere's diablerie of Saulot.

LupINes

Our kind universally hate and fear the Lupines,
remembering well the catastrophe of Tanis, and the
sentiment is entirely mutual. For reasons unknown to
us, the Lupines of the Middle East and Europe often go
to great lengths to confront and destroy a Setite
passing through their lands; more than one of our
caravans have disappeared in the trackless forests of
France and Germany, never to be heard from again. It
is said that the furious nature of the Lupines makes
them vulnerable to manipulations of rage and despair,
but only the most fearsome Setite would dare attempt
such a feat. For the most part, we keep to our sar-
cophagi and trust our servants to move us as swiftly as
possible away from any possible encounter with the
werewolves. Thankfully, the sands of Egypt seem less

welcoming to these beasts than the forests of your
continent, but we all remember the lesson of Tanis.
Nowhere is wholly out of their savage reach.

TakE My Hanp

I have committed no crimes against your lord. I
am a Follower of Set, and my heart is pure. Now do
you understand?

Tam acorrupter. I am the rust that eats at the iron
bands around a man's heart. I am a seducer, subtly
guiding men and women to the truth that they have
been resisting all their lives. I give back what has been
taken from them, and let them live as nature intended.
No more. No less. I did not tell Godfrey of Sezanne to
fail in his duty to his lord. That is a decision he made
himself, and he is solely to blame. In fact, I have the
means to allow your lord to have his revenge on Duke
William and his ilk. There are some documents in my
encampment outside the city that will implicate Wil-
liam in a number of crimes against the lords of Venice,
some of them his Lasombra peers. With these in hand,
your lord can drag William by the hair from his
Venetian palace without any of the local Magisters
raising a finger to stop him. Allow me only to write a
letter informing my servants, and you can go and get
these papers yourself to present to Duke Roland. It
would be the grand service you have always wanted to
provide, I imagine, more than enough to secure your
own Embrace. All | ask of you is to speak well of me to
the duke and explain this current misunderstanding.
What could be more fair?

I don't ask you to believe me. Let me prove myself
to you. I can give you all that your heart desires, if you
are bold enough to accept my help and see past the
deceptions sown by my enemies. Take my hand, now,
and let us be agreed.

From this day forward, your life will never be the
same again. This I swear, in the name of almighty Set.

BOOK THREE: SERPENTS


Merits AND
FLAWS

AGENT OF Propuecy (1-3 pt. MERIT)

None other than mighty Set himself has foretold
your coming, and it is whispered by the elders that you
figure prominently in one or more of the Prophecies of
Set. This mark of great destiny carries great weight
among devout Setites, but it also makes you something
of a prize to be sought after by ambitious elders seeking
to bask in the reflected glow of Set's favor. The proph-
ecies in question may not come to pass for many
hundreds of years, but your fate will not be denied.

This is a variable Merit, with cost representing
the perceived importance of your role in the proph-
ecy. Each point taken allows you to cancel a single
botch during a given story, but also increases the
expectations of your clan. As an added wrinkle, the
Storyteller may decide that at least one of the proph-
ecies you are intended for is soon to come, making
you the locus of vast events that you may or may not
have any control over.

This Merit does not indicate whether you have
been able to translate your association with prophecy
into any real authority among other Serpents. For that,
you must purchase the Status Background.

Nametess (5 pt Flaw)

Whether by accident or the actions of a rival, your
name and all traces of your existence have been wiped
from the earth. No one remembers your name, no
writings remain that speak of you, and no mortal
descendants (or vampire progeny) exist who bear your
name. In Egyptian tradition, you have become a non-
entity. While your physical presence would seem to

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 3

argue against this, as far as the rest of your clan is
concerned, you no longer exist. You have no status
within the clan, nor will any future progeny you create.
In fact, it is incumbent upon any Setites who encounter
you to diablerize you and return Set's vitae back to his
remaining children! Further, any wealth, lands or ob-
jects in your possession may be taken from you by other
Setites without fear of retribution.

BACKGROUNDS

Network

Network represents the geographical extent of a
Setite's web of contacts, allies and retainers. Each dot
of Network expands the Setite's reach, although it
does not increase the number of members in the
network. Indeed, the player must still purchase dots in
Allies, Contacts, Herd or Retainers. These represent
servitors of various sorts who are readily at hand
(usually in the Setite's home city). When the Setite
arrives in a new locale that is within his network
(determined when purchasing Network), a similar
number of Allies, Contacts, Herd and Retainers will
be available. Hence, the Setite never loses dots in
those Backgrounds from moving about within his web
of influence. When arriving in another city, the vari-
ous "moved" Backgrounds become fully available at
the rate of three dots per night. The player chooses in
what order the dots become available.

The Setite may also reach out to members of his
network in another city, either by message or through the
Setite Sorcery power Whisper of the Sands (see p. 105).
Without the Setite's physical presence, however, net-
work members only serves Contacts; the master must be
close to elicit services beyond information gathering.

For Example: Hepaphet, a Setite flesh peddler

operating out of Cairo, has amassed an impressive


network of contacts in several Mediterranean ports. His
player purchased the following Backgrounds: Allies 2,
Contacts 3, Network 3 (Venice, Cairo, Tyre, Tripoli)
and Retainers 2. Were he to travel to Tyre, he could
quickly establish his clutch of contacts and servitors (it
would take a total of three nights to do so fully). Were he
to simply communicate with his network in the city
without leaving Cairo, they could only provide informa-
tion, not act on his behalf (all count as Contacts).

If you buy three or more dots of Network, you can
choose to have the network spread across a region
instead of concentrated in a fixed number of cities. In
any major city within that region, the Setite is likely to
have agents. In smaller settlements, he may have only
asingle agent. The Storyteller should decide how many
agents are available on a case by case basis.

. The network covers two distinct cities.

ee Thenetwork covers three distinct cities.

eee The network covers a small geographical
area (like the Nile Delta) or four
distinct cities.
The network covers a significant
geographical area (like Upper Egypt or
the Languedoc) or five distinct cities.
The network coversa large geographic
area (like the Low Countries, France
or Egypt) or six distinct cities.

THE Via
SERPENTIS

The Road of Typhon practiced by many Setites
operating in Europe is a somewhat debased form brought
about largely by the Decadent worship of corruption for
corruption's sake. The use of the Greek Typhon (their
version of Set) indicates its alienation from the
Hierophants and their Egyptian roots. The original,
pure form of the Road of the Serpent — the true Via
Serpentis — is much more religious in its overtones,
emphasizing devotion to Set as the true god and spawn-
ing corruption for the purpose of returning man to his
carnal, bestial origins, thus restoring balance and weak-
ening the tyranny of Ra and Osiris. Depending on a
Setite character's origins and his individual beliefs, she
may choose whichever of the two philosophies that is
more appropriate, and individual Setites have been
known to switch between the two. Adherents of either
interpretation of the Road still hold to the virtues of
Conviction and Instinct.


Followers of the traditional Via Serpentis seek to
undermine the foundations of order and society in all its
incarnations, and erode virtue and restraint in the
individual. They spread war, disease and misery wher-
ever they can, for desperation is the quickest path to
human barbarity. Sometimes, as in the case of Rome,
Setites will support ruling institutions if its actions
facilitate the spread of unrest and corruption across its
domain. In keeping with these goals, followers of this
Road conduct themselves according to a revised Hier-
archy of Sins (see box).

Most Cainites believe that only Setites follow the
Via Serpentis in either of its incarnations, but this isnot
the case. Indeed, the seduction and corruption of
Cainites can lead to them becoming servitors of Setand
following the god's Road. To qualify, however, aCainite
must show supreme dedication to the ideals of the dark
god. Most of these Cainites undergo a ritual similar to
the religious Embrace of Setites described on page 93.

These Cainites find themselves in a difficult posi-
tion. Because they do not have the blood of Set — the
river between life and death — in their veins, most true
Setites see them as lessors on par with ghouls — special
servants, but servants nonetheless. Other Cainites, if
they discover them, assume they are either true Setites
or their slaves. Khay'tall and his Decadents have had
the most success recruiting other Cainites, although
Hierophants would claim that this is because he is
much less selective in his candidates.

SETITE SORCERY

Since the days of Set himself, his Followers have
practiced a form of sorcery that bears only a passing
resemblance to the Thaumaturgy of the Tremere. Setite
Sorcery depends on tapping into the Du'at and the river
between worlds as sources of power—their blood serves
only as one conduit to that power.

In terms of game mechanics, Setite Sorcery func-
tions just like Thaumaturgy, with paths and rituals.
Setites may hence learn the Thaumaturgy Discipline
with the understanding that it actually represents their
own brand of sorcery (and should be noted as such on
the character sheet). Sorcery does not count as a clan
Discipline for experience or character creation pur-
poses, however.

Before acquiring her first dot in Setite Sorcery, a
Serpent must ensure a source for her power. This
involves extended supplication to Set (done at her
temple) and the preparation of a ritual focus. The
necessary focus is a direct connection to Du'at and the
Osiran tyranny therein: a body buried in ancient Egyp-
tian tradition. By using the mummy as conduit, the
Setite siphons power that would go to serve Osiris to his
own use. Obtaining such a body is never easy, but there
are many undisturbed graves still in Egypt. Both because
of its dependence on things Egyptian and its direct ties
to the god Set, this Sorcery is largely the domain of the
Hierophants and their followers.

The Immanence of Set (see below) is the primary
path in Setite Sorcery, although sorcerers also practice
their own versions of other paths, most notably Rego
Tempestas (called the Way of Sand and Storm) and

REVISED HIERARCHY OF SINS

Road Score

Minimum Wrongdoing for Conviction Roll

Failing to indulge in the most trivial of physical urges
Failing to immediately sate one's carnal desires
Refusing an opportunity to corrupt a mortal

Refusing an opportunity to corrupt a vampire
Refusing an opportunity to corrupt a holy figure
Failing to undermine the prevailing moral environment
Failing to undermine the current social order
Protecting an individual's virtue

Punishing an individual for indecent behavior
Actively enforcing the rule of law


Rego Elementum (called the Whisper of Quiet Stone).
Setites also know many rituals. Note that although
Setite Sorcery may use the same mechanics as
thaumaturgical paths and rituals, they are not the same
or compatible as far the practitioners are concerned. A
sorcerer must learn the Setite version of Defense of the
Sacred Haven (a Level One ritual) from another Setite
sorcerer — the Tremere version is nothing but alien
foolishness to him. The Storyteller always has final say
as to whether a particular ritual is available to Setites.
Those who plan on extensive use of Setite Sorcery may
wish to consult Blood Magic: Secrets of Thaumaturgy
(for Vampire: The Masquerade), which provides ex-
tensive background on this tradition, as well as new
paths and rituals.

THE IMMANENCE OF SET

The Setite clan is grounded solidly in the belief
that their creator is nothing less than a god, and the
blood that courses through their veins is the essence of
Set himself, shared amongst his followers to grant them
powers over mortals and supernatural creatures alike.
Along with this belief comes the sure knowledge that
they have become houses of the god — they are utterly

joined with their creator, and he may touch his children
no matter where they are. Setites employ this sorcerous
path to call upon the energies of the god for purposes of
communication, manipulation, and destruction.

Unlike Thaumaturgy paths, Immanence of Set
does not always require blood expenditure and a Will-
power roll. Each power describes what roll and blood
expenditure is appropriate.

¢ WHISPER OF THE SANDS

The shared blood of Set that sings in the veins of all
Setites creates a bond between them that allows a
Serpent to communicate his thoughts to his servants
and childer, no matter how far away they may be. This
power allows the sorcerer to share news and informa-
tion with his network all over the known world, and set
plans in motion from hundreds of leagues away.

System: To use this power, the player spends one
blood point and rolls Manipulation + Leadership (diffi-
culty 6). If successful, the vampire may communicate
with any of his progeny or ghouls, no matter how far
away. For each success, one target can receive the mes-
sage, although all targets receive the same message. The


communication lasts for one turn, and can consist of no
more than twoshort sentences. The player may maintain
the link and have the vampire communicate further by
spending a Willpower point for each succeeding turn.

¢ ¢ TONGUE OF THE TEMPTER

All Setites are chosen for their ability to manipu-
late the minds of mortal and Cainite alike, but this
ability heightens these qualities to the utmost, giving
their words a hypnotic sweetness that can loosen the
tightest lips and release a victim's innermost desires.

System: The Setite must invoke this power im-
mediately after sundown. The player spends two blood
points and rolls Manipulation + Empathy versus the
target's Willpower. That night, the Setite must seek
out her victim and engage him in conversation for at
least a half-hour. If the invocation was successful, the
victim lets slip one of his secret fears or desires, though
without remembering having done so. The number of
successes can indicate the import of the secret at the
Storyteller's discretion.

@¢¢ VOICE OF THE PROPHET

In ancient times, the powers of the oracle could
change a mortal life forever, bringing even the greatest
heroes to glory or ruin depending on how they inter-
preted the words of the god. The Setites were very often
the serpent lingering in the shadows of oracular temples
such as Siwa or Delphi, sharing the corrupting words of
the god with those seeking confirmation of their fears
or ambitions. When a Setite employs this power he is
supposedly communicating with his akh, lingering in
the otherworld and drawing on the supernatural knowl-
edge available there.

System: The Setite must invoke this power in the
presence of the intended victim. The player spends two
blood points anda Willpower point, then rolls Perception
+ Empathy against the target's Willpower. If successful,
the Setite delivers a cryptic message to the victim that
speaks directly to his deepest desires. The nature of this
message is determined by the Storyteller, and may mean
little ornothing to the Setite using the power. The victim,
however, will take the message as confirmation of his
secret ambitions, and will be driven to acting upon them
regardless of apparent risks or disadvantages. This ability
can be unpredictable, turning a complacent pawn into a
raging madman (or vice versa).

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

¢¢¢e LORD OF STORMS

Long before his incarnation as a tempter, Set was
the god of darkness and storm. This ability allows the
Setite to summon up a sandstorm (or thunderstorm) of
ferocious intensity, blocking out the sky and driving
any sane person to cover, but allowing the Setite to
move about quickly and easily.

System: The Setite's player must spend three blood
points and a Willpower point, summoning a raging
storm that blankets the area within a square mile of the
corrupter who summoned it. The player may increase
the radius of the storm by spending additional Will-
power, increasing the area by 10 miles per Willpower
point. While the howling winds and sand (or rain) are
severe enough to drive most sensible creatures to cover,
the Setite (and anyone in his immediate retinue) may
travel untouched by the raging weather, as though it
were a calm, clear night. The effects of the storm last for
at least one scene but can last much longer, at the
Storyteller's discretion. More than one Setite has used
this power to hinder the movements of his enemies
while making a well-timed escape, most notably during
the catastrophe at Tanis.

e eee DARK INVOCATION

For thousands of years, the people of Egypt protected
their tombs and treasure vaults with foul curses that
called upon the gods for vengeance. This ability allows a
Setite to lay a protective curse upon an object or place, or
direct a damaging one against a particular enemy.

System: To lay the curse against a person, the Setite
must know the victim's name, and in the case of another
vampire, he must have a drop of the Cainite's blood. The
Setite must first devise the nature of the curse — it must
have a single, specific effect and a specific duration, no
longer than a lunar cycle. The effect can be virtually
anything: let his strength wither like the parched reed; let his
mind be dulled as though by strong wine; let his tongue speak
nothing but truth; let the skin fall from his bones.

Once the curse has been devised, the player spends
four blood points and a Willpower point, then makes a
Manipulation + Occult roll versus the target's Will-
power. If successful, the curse takes effect immediately.
In most cases, the number of successes become a diffi-
culty penalty for the target in appropriate circumstances.
In the case ofa curse laid to protect a place or object, the
Setite must state specific "triggers" that would activate
the curse, as well as its effect and duration, and this
information must be inscribed around the place or
object in question.


Servants of Set

Tue Court Poet
Quote: If this humble verse casts but even a pale
reflection of the Caliph's greatness, I will be content.
Prelude: You sought power at court but were not a
warrior or scholar. Poetry, thankfully, was revered as a
fine art by the cultured nobles of the Islamic courts, and
like the jongleurs of Europe, a man with a fine voice and
a clever turn of phrase could find himself in great
demand among nobles eager for flattery and diversion.
What you lacked, however, was training, and ac-
cess to a library of popular verse — until the night you
were approached bya lord recently arrived from Thebes.
He claimed to have been intrigued by your few ama-
teurish verses, and saw promise in them. Because he was
a patron of the arts, he liked to nurture talent where he
found it, having little patience for ~~
the stuffed-up peacocks that often
infested a caliph's court.
The lord's patronage changed
everything. The training he of-
fered —and the philters he
prepared to enhance your
voice — quickly made you
aforce to be reckoned with
among the court poets.
Soon, the most influen- /
tial nobles sought out VY
your company, and you
realized how your tal-
ents could not only
entertain, but ma-
nipulate. You made or
broke the reputations of
lords depending on your
whim, and more than one
noble who crossed you was
hounded to ruin by your
cruel satires. Before long, it
was all just a game to you.

Your patron watched with endless patience until
you grew bored with the sport of the court. That was
when he made you another offer.

Concept: You have been chosen and carefully
groomed to win your way into the courts of the great and
powerful, to entertain and manipulate the ambitions of
your audience. Even the most hardened Ventrue lord
loves to hear his deeds extolled before his vassals and
allies, and more than one has been spurred to ruin by
believing in his own exaggerated abilities.

Roleplaying Hints: Vanity is the key to all men's
hearts. Make them believe they are strong, noble and
wise, and they will love you. If they love you, they will
trust you, and if they trust you, you can control them.

Equipment: Fine clothes, jewelry, paper and ink,
library of poetic verse

Geneumon 12th
Howes
Concur: The Court Peet

Menta

fee
GBEUSCATE seo000

Ones Tears—

B00 Poo
ooo00000000
Soococcccca0


Tue Mistress OF THE TOWER

Quote: If Geoffrey de Blois were to make a similar
offer of marriage I would have to consider it as well, as his
holdings are — for the moment — more extensive than your
own.

Prelude: Your fool of a husband fell from his horse
and scattered what little brains he had over the frozen
earth, and you were left a widow. Suddenly your hall
was full of nobles seeking your hand and eagerly
eyeing the family's profitable holdings. For the mo-
ment, the duke's interest was busy elsewhere, so you
were left to fend for yourself — and you turned eagerly
to the task.

Not one man who sought an audience in your hall
had the wit to believe that while he was plying you with
his wiles, you were plying him. You chose the best of the
suitors and made promises to them, fueling their rival-
ties even as the enraged duke forbade further struggles
to keep the peace in his realm.

You knew that before long the duke would have to
take a personal interest in settling the claims to your
hand. Eventually, the game
would end.

But then came a
traveling jongleur
whose keen eye and
quick mind clearly
grasped the situa-
tion you were in,
and took great
amusement (and
admiration) in the
way you played your
part. He respect-
fully pointed out G
that there were ways
to bind any new hus-
band to you, leaving
youstill quite firmly
in control. =
husband could even
become one more
tool in your games of
corruption. The idea

took fire in your heart. |
You told the

jongleur toname

taste of power was finer than any wine, and you would
give anything to keep its taste on your tongue.

The price, as it happened, was very much to
your liking.

Concept: But for the capriciousness of birth, you
might have gone on to become a powerful duke, or
perhaps even a king. Your resentment and envy has led
you to turn your talents to corruption and cruel manipu-
lation, playing upon the conceits of petty lords and
leading them to destruction.

Roleplaying Hints: Acts the proper lady to keep up
appearances, but always remain in control. The men
who surround you are not rivals or threats (least of all
your foolish second husband); they are pawns and
opportunities. Use them as they think they use you.

Equipment: Fine clothes, jewelry, revenues from a
modestly prominent estate, a fair-sized castle in mild
state of disrepair

oooocccooo

Bim Por —
oo00000000
Soo09cc050

his price. The
LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3


THE TRADER OF FLESH

Quote: Consider her a gift, great sir — merely remem-
ber me to your friends at court, and I shall be content.

Prelude: Your father's pottery stall was near to the
great market square of Cairo, and you watched with
shame as he bent his neck to the city's Muslim masters.
You spent the days wandering the city, and that was
how you found Cairo's slave quarter.

There you learned two important lessons: the road
to power is paved with the bent backs of the weak, and
the slave trade was one place where an Egyptian could
still be rich and influential. You learned everything you
could about the slave market, and when the time was
tight, you approached a slave trader just arrived with a
coffle of Christians from the Holy Land. You used your
knowledge to help him turn a tidy profit. When he left
again for Palestine, you rode along as his apprentice.

You returned years later as a trader in your own
right and that was when a mysterious patron found you.
One night you were approached by a fellow Egyptian
who presented himself as a fellow businessman, and
made an offer of partnership. He
had in his possession certain an-
cient formulas handed down from
the time of the pharaohs, potions @
that would give your chattel sur-
passing strength, stamina and
beauty. They would fetch
the best prices in the mar-
ket, and all he asked in
return was a small share
of the profits.

nership changed. Your
patron asked you to train
your slaves to gather infor-
mation about the households

iquities. Soon your patron was |
using the information to
blackmail and manipulate

theselorsandladies.adan- |
gerous game indeed. Later,
some of this knowledge was Hy
shared with you — debased

desires and blasphemous |
appetites for flesh that your |
slaves were expected to pro-

vide. You were expected to teach your chattel how to
serve these needs. Naturally, you obeyed. Your contin-
ued fortune depended upon it. What surprised you was
how much you enjoyed it. Shaping human minds into
tools of decadence and using them to seduce the noble
and the pious fed a hunger you never knew existed.

Your patron was well pleased by your devotion. In
time, he shared with you the truth of his nature and the
name of the god he served, and the birthright you had
so long been denied.

Concept: The buying and selling of slaves is both a
source of great wealth and a means of influence reach-
ing all across the Eastern world. Your challenge now is
to spread your influence to other cities throughout
Egypt, Palestine and even Europe.

Roleplaying Hints: You cultivate a charming and
cultured manner that belies a cold and ruthless heart. A
human being is nothing more than coin to you, or a
piece of property, an investment to be shrewdly ac-
quired and bartered for the best price available.
Compassion and mercy are nothing more than excuses
for weakness and lack of ambition.

Equipment: Fine robes, curved dagger, slaver's irons

Sonex Tews —


THe WAYWARD PILGRIM
Quote: Let us walk, and I will tell you what truths I've
leaned, and perhaps some of it will be of use to you.
Preludes There was a time, once, when you truly
believed. Fueled with zeal at the stories of your father's
experiences in the Crusades, you determined that be-
fore devoting yourself to the Church, it would be only
fitting if first you made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land.
With a small bag of coin to pay for your passage, you
took a pilgrim's plain tunic and boarded ship in Venice.
Instead of a bastion of Christian faith, you found a
handful of cities with their backs to the sea. Fifty miles
from Acre the mercenaries protecting your procession
betrayed you to a band of Muslim slavers. Those who
resisted were slain, as well as those the heathens felt
were not worth the effort to take to market. You were
driven at the end of a whip to a camp in the hills.
That night you met the leader of the band. He
surveyed all the captives with care, asking many of
them questions about their parentage and why they had
taken the pilgrim's path. The leader took an interest in
you and your fervent beliefs. Then he ordered the ga
men to separate you from the other captives and \W
had you taken to his tent. Hegave ">
you wine and meat to eat, and you
spent the long night in conversa-
tion, debating religion and
philosophy. At the end he
made you a wager. He gave |
you a month's time to con-
vert him to the ways of
Christ, while he would
make every attempt to per- ~
suade you to forsake your
beliefs. If you succeeded, he
would release not just you, but |
all the other captives as well. |
Eagerly, you agreed. |
In 30 days the leader of f |
the slavers introduced you to }
every dark appetite lurking
deep within your soul while you |
weakly resisted with empty prov- /
erbs and naive parables. He
didn'targue, merely gave you /
the opportunity tosate your"
desires upon the terrified"
captives and left you to rec-
oncile your urges and your

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 3

beliefs. In time, you understood how man's true nature
had been concealed beneath the artifice of shame. The
slaver listened with delight as you spewed hateful blas-
phemies toward Heaven. Then he asked you one simple
question: now that you knew man's existence for what
it truly was, were you not obligated to spread the word
to others? You agreed, and that is when he opened your
veins, letting the dark river rush in....

He left you in the hills with but one command:
spread the truth.

Concept: You cannot deny your own depravity,
and now you seek to reveal the same in others, gaining
the confidence of the innocent and drawing out their
evil natures. In so doing you reveal the lie the Church
has forced on humanity and free your brethren from the
yoke of shame.

Roleplaying Hints: You passionately believe in the
righteousness of your cause, and you manipulate with
the zeal and dedication of a proselytizing priest. Natu-
rally, you delight most of all in bringing down the pious,
and leave your seeds of corruption festering in every
abbey or monastery you encounter.

Equipment: Pilgrim's robes, staff, sandals

Novum FANATIC
DeaaaNor: PENT

Yowwens

Conca The Weyward

Mexta

ooocococo0000

oooooooo00o
Soocooo000


Teotukapis, beloved of Set,

Vour tidings concerning the Assamite vizier Mahmoud al-Asran are
welcome news to our elders; your efforts in Damascus have brought a
mighty victory within our grasp. Until now, we have been forced to keep the
ultimate purpose of your embassy secret, and your devotion and diligence
in spite of this is a joyful sight unto our God. Now you may know the true
nature of your mission: heed these instructions, and follow them to the

smallest particular.

Vou are to approach the vizier Mahmoud with an offer of alliance
between our elders and the elders of his clan. The purpose of this alliance
is to pursue a swift and final war against the hated Baali, whose actions have
sorely vexed both of our peoples for many centuries. This is not to be a simple
campaign of conquest. We wish to light a Flame that will rage until every last
one of these vile creatures burns to ash.

It is not merely the Fact that these infernalists are an offense to.our God
— they now threaten our very existence as servants of Set. Those rebellious
children in Constantinople who scorn our authority and call themselves
Decadents have openly allied with the Baali, and corrupt our beliefs with all

~ manner of vile heresy! Jt is said that Jules Talbot and his ilk tell their childer
that our God is nothing more than a demon, no different from any other the
Baali worship! By learning their infernal summonings, they hope to call Set
back to Earth and consume the world in fire. These heresies are spreading
like a Fire of their own amid our kind in Italy and France, and presents a
terrible threat to our beliefs.


With the aid of the Assamites, we may take the Decadents and the
Byzantine Baali by storm, striking their leaders in their havens all in the
space of a single night. Then we may find suitable warriors to spur against
the surviving infernalists, perhaps even providing information to the inquisi-
tors of the Church. No doubt the sight of true demons in their midst would
sive them zeal enough to Fulfill our wishes.

OF course the warriors of Hagim will require suitable payment in return
for their aid. Vou will inform them that the elders will agree to providing
whatever support they may require to spurring the Ayyubids to rise up and
complete the task that Salah ad-Din started, driving the hated infidels from
Palestine. Jf that offer is insufficient, tell them this: we are well aware of the |

~ curse the Baali set upon them so many centuries past. We know that they
may take sustenance from the blood of vampires alone. Tell them that we
have learned the nature of this curse. Offer no details, but say simply that
if the Baali should be destroyed, their curse dies with them.

Let them think on that. True or not, they cannot ignore the possibility.

Do this, and the God will be well pleased. Know that your elders' eyes are
upon you, and the future of our people Lie in your hands. We know you will not
Fail us.


scanned by chede
assembled by tbe_capucbin

for RpGBookz & scans bub:

point your pc to rpgbookz.no-ip.org


murderous reach. From hoary Egypt come the tempters who serve
the dark will of Set. From the barbarous lands to the north stride
the wandering Gangrel. None of them are pleased with what the
rest of civilization has been up to.

From beyond the lands that honest Christians call civilized, they
come to wreak havoc. From Outremer, the Saracens extend their |

» Full coverage of the three clans for the Dark Ages: The Assamites,
Followers of Set and Gangrel;
» Information on the lands of the Middle-East;

New Discipline powers, Merits and Flaws, and Thaumaturgy
abilities specific to the three clans;

Hidden truths and secret plans of the clans most alien to the
European princes.

ISBN 1-56504-203-4
WW2823 $15.95 U.S.
