# File: Libellus Sanguinis II - Keepers Of The Word.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


=
Z
Ec
Zz
©
2
EG
m&
ne
a8
xe
ze
ares)
OW
Pom
ag
me
>
28)
iS)
eal
g
¥
=
PS
jaa


"Sound me out with shrewd words.
Let your own intellect not be hidden,
nor that of which you have deepest
understanding be kept secret."
The Exeter Book, Maxims I,

Translated by S.A.J. Bradley


CREDITS SpeciAL THANKs To:

Written by: Jackie Cassada, Richard Stratton and Cynthia The Ladies and Gentlemen (not to mention their
Summers manager, Dean, who really doesn't fit in either category)
Development by: Richard E. Dansky of the White Wolf Warehouse. Without their hard work

and just general coolness (again, except for Dean, who's
too hip to be cool), this book would still be sitting on a
pallet somewhere, buried under thousands just like it.
Thanks, guys — what you do is appreciated.

(Butif youever try to back the forkliftoverme again,
we're gonna have words....)

Additional Development by: Justin Achilli
Editing by: Cynthia Summers
Art Direction by: Lawrence Snelly
Andy Bennett, Leif Jones, Michael Gaydos,
Chuck Regan
Front Cover Art: John Bolton
Layout and typesetting by: Conan H. Venus
Front and Back Cover Design: Richard Thomas and
Conan H. Venus

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
: SuTE D8 except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, World of Darkness,
CLARKSTON, GA 3002] Vampite the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the Ascen-
, sion are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
US reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Libellus Sanguinis Keepers of
GAME STUDIO the Word, Libellus Sanguinis Masters of the State, Dark Ages Compan-
ion, Dark Ages Storyteller Secrets, Constantinople by Night, Transylvania
by Night, Transylvania Chronicles I Dark Tides Rising, Clanbook Cappadocian, Clanbook Tremere, Clanbook Toreador,
Clanbook Brujah, Liege Lord and Lackey and Three Pillars are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc
‘The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion ig advised.
Check out White Wolf online at

heep://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp storyteller

PRINTED IN USA

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 2


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INERODUCTION

BookvONr: ARTISANS

Book Two: CISURPERS

Book THREE? ZERLOTS

CONTENTS



Intvoducfions:

Move to Use this Book

You have in your possession the second in the series of Dark Ages Clanbooks — Libellus
Sanguinis II: Keepers of the Word. Here we have gathered under one cover the three clans of the
Dark Medieval world to whom scholarship and the arts of wordplay are the most vital, though
perhaps there islittle agreement among the three as to how the gifts of language should best be used

The Toreador, called Artisans, concern themselves with the arts of love and beauty. Do not
dismiss them as mere dilettantes, however — their graceful fingers lightly pluck the strands of
power, and the Courts of Love carry more weight than many ducal decrees, As the fine arts have
less concrete expression in the dark nights of the 12th century than they will in the modern world,
these Toreador are as much concerned with the ideals of beauty and expression as they are with
the actual creation of art

The Tremere Usurpers are not nearly so cocky in the Dark Medieval world asare their modern
counterparts. Their place in Cainite society not yet ensured, their very existence under siege from
Lupines and vengeful Tzimisce, the Tremere are in a fight for survival. Ivis in these bloody times
that the clan's legendary paranoia and tight-knit structure come into being, for there is no other
way the Tremere can continue

Finally, the Brujah are caught here mid fall, trapped between the noble Cainites of Carthage
and the Rabble they will become. Balanced between the philosophy of Hellas and the rage of the
modern day, the Zealots are at once monsters and scholars, destroyers and would-be saints.

So what webs do the Toreador weave with song and favor? What will enable the Usurpers to
outlast the rage of the other clans? What will the Brujah's rage destroy, even as they seek to rebuild
lost Carthage? The answers, gentle reader, are within — if you're willing to learn them

Sormot

‘The material in this book follows a rough format designed for ease of use. Each section begins
with a short introduction predicated on giving the reader a sense of how the clan thinks. Next
comes information on the clan's organization and dealings with the rest of the Dark Medieval
world. Don't expect a simple rehash of what you might find in the modern day, however — the
Artisans, Zealots and Usurpers of this time are not who you might think

Third is the so-called "crunchy" material — Merits, Flaws, Backgrounds, new Discipline
powers and so on. Alll of the gamespeak is contained in these portions of the book. Finally, there

isa brace of templates for each clan, anda particularly revealing slice of that clan's history. Where
do the Daughters of C
City? You might discover those secrets here, assuming that you trust the teller ofthe tale. And that's
not always wise when Cainites are concerned

cophony come from, or what really happened to foment the fall of the Third

View Craits

here are any number of new rules-bangles for players to adorn their characters with, some of
which might not make a good fit with your current chronicle, At the same time, a Storyteller may
wish to hold the more advanced or unique powers detailed within fora time when their application
will be most useful in creating mood or advancing the plot. With that in mind, playersshould check
with their Storytellers before diving head-first into the pile of goodies contained herein. It's always
worse to have something you have your heart set on taken away than never to have seen it at all



cated af the narrow windovw
of hee chamber Jsouda stared
soven af the dack-clad liqure
crossing the dravobridge. A lroven

brielly puckered hee brow andlips
as she considered her visifor

WMoarianneas eaeo had alwoans

had a vwoayn of engendering eno
inher the nuns Soi had =a bie
den it in the (east Tha filly the

Oung voomean Salciend Suc

ecimore, the confirmed loss of

WMercit brought a neve and alfo-—
gether ariplescdit oor fo their
cuccent situation.

She felt cather than heard the
reappearance pad Vaulo "Youheard
it all then! she said


LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

"Indeed. Poor little Marianna, searching for her husband, all
alone in the great wide world," Paulo replied, his mock-sympa-
thetic tone embittered with scorn.

Isouda turned to the Magister, who stood casually in his usual
spot beside the chessboard. His patrician features had never failed
to capture her attention, even when she was annoyed with him.
Now, however, was not the time for her to enjoy his visage. "When
you have losta loved one and understood such grief, then you may
feel free to wallow in the misery of others. You will forgive me if
Ido not join you in your joke — Marianna isa sister through both
God and clan, no matter how ridiculous she seems to you."

"Of course, lady. Many apologies." Paulo advanced the white
king's pawn a single space and looked at her expectantly

She frowned again (the insincerity of his apology would need
addressing, but later) and sat down across the board from where
the Magister stood. Carefully, she advanced a pawn in response,
knowing thathe wasstaringather face, her hands, her every move.
For all that he had been dead for five years, Paulo was still human
enough to remember certain things. It worked to her advantage
when Don Roland was foolish enough to send his smitten childe
to continue their dealings. "How fares your master?" she asked,
pitching her voice to hold the proper of amount of solicitous
concern.

Paulo sighed, took two steps and waved a hand in annoyance,
giving Isouda a prime view of a piece of velvet on his belt. She had
managed to catch sight of gold thread woven into that particular
scrap of fabric before he chose and advanced a pawn. "He has not
visited the courts in five months now. He trusts only me to serve
as his proxy. Of late, though, my business has brought me here
instead. Don Roland wishes to leam—"

"Whether or not I can repair the damage done after the
incident with that fool Fulk." Isouda smiled and moved her
queen's knight

"Asalways, youcut to the quick, gracious lady." The Lasombra
moved a knight of his own, placing it where it had only a pawn for
protection. Again, the brief glimpse of the velvet on his bele. This
time, Isouda noticed a single initial: R.

"I can promise nothing, of course. I am fortunate enough to

have some sway with Severus, asa fellow Artisan, but if he choos:
not tocontinue his relations with your master, that ishis business."

Don Roland is most concerned that the matter be brought to
some conclusion. After all, such an incident only serves to fray
relations between our clans."

Isouda smiled lightly; her lips, still as red as when she had first
come across the border between life and death, were holding his
attention more firmly than was the board. "True, but your pres-
ence at our Court of Love has assisted matters greatly. Ido hope you
are finding entertainment enough to suit you?"

Paulo permitted himself a chuckle. "If you mean watching
that fool Geoffrey abase himself before Aline, then yes, I have
enjoyed myself immensely. Whyever do you allow him to hang
about the place?"


YOCESYOL HNO MOOd

‘uonseysnes ur parmuunuu
ays ,(aew pue yoy — Suny aya soyer uaanb y>eig,,
"JoIAeyaq 291g 01 tUIY apenstiad 01
yBnoud 9q pjnom pure zaduroa s puejoy Uo [jor sTaup ayer Ayperauasa
plnom (soured pur ‘sino pur) 10.8) uestay 0 sso] 94 3eYp paaay}aq
epnosy nq "aes 2q 07 UTeWIaI PInom diysuonepar eM aarasaid or
UNO sTY Jo UO Ae2q 02 popensiad 9g p]nod ay JayRaK[A\ "AppInb os
UOUNSOAUT UP YpNs Aeswe MOM 01 KJOyf] 9q JOU pjnom ay Ise aU
(pi suonejazatp areanqno on sopeoop [eraAas iaIsisepy ayp UayfeI pey
21 Sy "JOARy pos snuanag Jo uNyaT aup Jo astwuoad auf 30} aBuEYDXA
UL new auf jo. saojaiaya pur sweyA axp Surureay ut aoteAsisse
sty puo] 01 popensiad aq ays puejoy uog] uatp ‘souereaddesip
SaUoyAy UT paynsor aeYp aBaIs oLp pay ey Oya AqUIOSE] v U9
pey a1 aeep Surumsse ur 091209 919M JONISIA 19 J] "ysMop "AaruMI0d
-do Sunsoroiur ue yale Joy poruosoid aouereadde seumEne yA,
quowizpn{ ur
sosdv asossoa8 sniaaag yo 9u0 aq 01 283q ap IYBNOUA epnos] !994
Ypnutzao paumnour Ud9q 10U PeY sso} SHINY "OY Aystaes
02 ySnous ueyp a1ow aq pjnoa a1 weep parsadsns
epnosy ang ‘areqap 01 uado J]Nssea aa13 01 BUN
94] pjhom ay eanuur Moy Ajastoaag "yons anutUOD
20U pIp 9]oyat e se opeaio | ayp IeUp aunsua o1
Jeap 22018 v oal8 pjnom poaput pur ‘siarsiseyy
Dt wpa suonejar BuINUNUCD UF sar
ou pj9y ay ‘appryP sty yo sso] ay ayy "IUIOd
JOOUI B seaK ‘9sINOd Jo ‘srUDAAG "ULRBE 194] A104
9q prvog au poldpisuos uesnay ou
pararua pey ays s
Apomb se pouredap ays puy ,wepew 94st
poop "20uasin0s 4, parsund punuuesoy,
«cPIUS 9A,] IY IBLOy 10U OG] "Nod ayp
2e ¢MNOMOWO? Nod 99s []eYS | pue ‘8 Aew
NO} ‘Pood, *[BAU SHoHas v ay JapIsUOD
on avy pjnom epnosy ‘aoe ApUeWION OUT
ssounyaveS ase] ap odway on aum aiow.a}y]
B Yptad £9A07 Jo UdaNg) Kou aUp jo sBunfeU
2tp pey punuresoy ‘oun styp Ajaumuas ‘pays epnosy
"ysim not sy ,:APe] *NOA aseajd on paseayd wre J,
PU 01 UARY 2077], ALIOD 2A,NOK sey
soy 9801 9 saseajday ‘puntuesoyy 1po19.1va18 aU OPNOA,,
isnianag fo myn puy ,Ape] At ‘98IN02 JO,
peysnuf
2up am Uaym wap UY sm 2 2xOUL fo 9q [PoYs ay — WAY I9RLASLI
01 amunuod ‘auop aq 01 12K 340m s} akaya anayag | "aus snoproNpU sry
pun DuurUDyy yi0g SuupanBer aun SSuuyaaf s1y 2YM aag ,-[eUAIeUT aL
sansind ays a]1yat Aqfenauaids j]9si0y 399]89u r0U sop Ape] Poo'
Jy ‘anata jo nsind ur 9ouasqe ano4 40} YORULIDAO JOYNS 20U TPA
nod au Aueduiod 194 UI aw axoW puads 01 wey OU Nos Op
[841 —stay saisig quim apnyye yeads‘atuesayp asn{ poo,
gmou mypy ,:Apey Suu ‘ou pue ‘Apey Au ‘S94,
‘uiny yam auop 26 101
240 ay 920M OM IxaU YA JOf anUNUOL ,;tUSIYDOIeD INA 199/39
nod savy 10U pjnom | ¢AppUadaI ssePY 01 U9Aq NOK aAKyy,,

Bunpou sizadsns
a} ,c2stead anof yo Ayziom os sheaye we y adoy J,

{pe0coad qo Seog] SunpSuv rsadsns ay s2oqq ,:@ppy> ‘paseayd
sou We J JOIN ANCA Wo sBuTYp poos Auew preay aaey J,
-parsanbas nok so asnf Ape Aw ‘nos yuetp ‘Jam Aa,
"soavf ano a1om ay avs | ,{SUOSS9] NOK 08 WOH,

-Gpoafiad nok punsiapun | ,: Spe] Att ‘9sin02 4O, "2anus9p os aNd
jousem quaqUT aN Jay YBNoUpTe ‘Appjaauu parjdas punwresoy
"Koon sof
‘op stomp am so yvads ‘uayods pey ays eyp SuLmowy ‘epnos pres
{3101 11 3a1adeAd 0 pasu NOs 105 ‘youary yeads |JeYS 2,

"roy 210J99 poors [118 aup se Ajaaess 9Spoud

Joy poropisuod ays pur ‘puey 2 yYOM sea a19y2 IN "sasor

asomiaid sguno9 ayp jo au o1U UMOAB ‘are9 apay] B YI ‘pey,

soda udo13-Aea8 pur sey Jo yreyp Ardy ay MOY a];qer|TeUIAL Os

seat 3] ospury 19y jo UoHeNpe Ut Iso] sea epnosy UALIOUL

B 20g "iodstym & anoUPIN Jay PUTYaq 21 Paso]> pue Jomsue Ue

20, 3unrem anoypin pararua "1oop ayp e Apainb pay2ouy

punwesoy ‘saz] soanurtu aap y "UMO T9Y{Se >A

se swe MOU] 9ys pur SuNOA dup 105 BUIyaes

‘sayBnoyp sy Ino paypians oys ‘passed pey
uone]duraiuos 10} awn aqqeains vay

poopu

suis Sunisoxqur — syuex aay v paoteape

usaq pey doysiq yperq & pue ‘pauneanp

poors oo ayn 8 ‘preari0} 12} 002 paoe|d

uaaq pey uaonb arryar oyp ‘(3ej A449 2U0U)
paoueape usaq pey suaved jo zaquinu
e :puryag yo] taeq pey rey SuLapis
-UOD ‘SOINUILU AL} KOU AYP 1Oy p4eOq
yp parpmas epnosy "atoq daap e yaa,
jlaswuty pasnoxa pur ‘(asanbaa e apeut
Ape] & uayar ansst ayp said 10U pIp Axo]
Jo 1yS1Uy paiq-yjam e yey SuruEa] sea a4,
— uSis poo8 v) ane 20u pip oyneg "eso uns yp a10}9q MAE
on signa] pey ays weep BunUTE]D ‘ojneg passrussip epnos| ‘saAow
ssoputod pue aeyp-aryp ayp! jo anoy-Fley zaqpoue sayy
-apereyp atp jo pan Apeaye seat ays ySnowye ‘9ytus
snorpea8 e Yate wry paroaey ays pue , ‘@sinod Jo ‘pardasy,,
Ape] Aur ‘saiBojodyy,, "sox19] ay 01 uoRIppe Ur Uns UapIOs
8 998 pjnoo ays pur ‘dey sity UI MOU sea IAJDA OL "Os pIp ay se
preauioy Surueay ‘saoaid ayp paseydar Ajnsey preueds ayy
{cho ay] 20 St ssautstN]D Yons — o]neg UO ‘AYA,
"sumed au) 1990 payouy WN UL YpTya >Yoor B BuruINaaA0
‘sjovg pays! pury sy se payrus ayg "sove>Iput Aue seas uor>eaL
s.o]neg 1 38e9] 1e ‘Surypyp Js seas Yanor say ‘sxea4 40} payysy
uaaq pey siasuy 1ay YSnoy J Wapiode Aq jr se sty Surysnag y>eq
puey 204 poxour pue urese 1481 194 paoueape ayg ,s1ystyap
Aqyprea Jo uopieS soradwa owios Jou st stp yx ue] ASHE
3} "doy apzay] pnoid ano uo xaY9 AroIDeJsHIeS YOUU B ALY [IA
(ares-pue-yanaj jo syaam aay B YUN | ayy Jadord suzeay
241 $e Moos se ‘SyYBIU{ s,9A07] Jo U0 Jo sSuNEw ayp sey aH,


The Wide World
ond ifs Wonders

ArtisANs IN THEIR OWN Worpbs

The Toreador are, by and large, a secular lot, more
temporal than their fellow Cainites They dwell in the mo-
ment, neither looking too far ahead nor too far behind.
History is a story about things come and gone, perhaps
relevant to the day, but not required reading. The future is
murky ince would
permit one to dare to claim knowledge of what is to come.

When one considers the transience of beauty — the
flower that smiles today dies tomorrow — the Artisans'
attitude is not entirely surprising. However, for a group of
individuals who have the potential to enjoy life everlasting,
that's a lot of transient moments. For the Toreador, the trick

nd unknowable, and only extreme arroga

to eternal life is drinking in existence's moments when they
arrive, each framed by the search for beauty and truth:

Toreador firmly believe in the importance of beauty and
love in the world, even their particularly dark one and even
despite their particular tastes. A world without beauty gives
one nothing to aspire to, and with no inspiration, what reason
is there, then, todrag ourone's existence? Matters are likewise
with love, but to the Toreador, love is a much more serious
business. A world without love isa world without life (which,
admittedly sounds odd coming from a Cainite, but the Torea-
dor definition of "life" is more akin to "existence" than "the
ebb and flow of blood in one's veins").

CLAN STRUCTURE

Unlike many of their brethren, the Toreador maintain a
fairly tight clan structure. All Toreador are expected to know
their place and keep to it. Social station can be as rigidly locked
as mortal society near the very top, but there isa certain amount
of freedom to ascend that is not often found among the kine. A
Toreadorneonate has the chance to move up in the world of her

elders, provided she attracts the right eyes, says the right things
and shows the proper initiative. Some claim that, at the higher

echelons, often one's art becomes secondary to one's social
graces. These claims are by and large quite correct

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

Those Toreador who come from the peasant or merchant
classes (and how few they are!), and who believe they are being
instantly catapulted into a realm of equal opportunity by the
Embrace, are in for a rude shock. The Cainite in the castle is
their lord, and they had best not forget it. Few believe in the
notion that death should equalize all; why should a peasant,
Embraced with straw in his hair and dung on his boots,
suddenly be elevated to the same position as the lord of the
manor? That peasant must first show that has some social
graces before he can start dreaming so grandly, and no sire
worth his salt skimps on this training. Afterall, the upbringing
of the childe can and does reflect on the sire, and no sire wishes
to be disgraced by his childe. For a clan that places so much
emphasis on art and the finished "project," the Toreador see
the training of a childe to be no different than the creation of
1 stained glass window or illuminated manuscript

Toreador select their potential childer carefully forskill at
art, "noble quality" and potential political use (not necessarily
in that order). The would-be childe must not only possess
qualities worth preserving, but must show some ability to grow
personally. It is one thing to Embrace a harper who was raised
by peasants, but he will be worth little to his sire if he still eats
and talks like a peasant even after a decade of instruction. Such
achilde, one who never outgrows his humble origins, is usually
shunted off to some distant outpost, or is driven into self-
imposed exile after one too many humiliating incidents at
court

In spite of all care, there are still impulse Embraces of
beautiful mortals, wherein some Toreador decides that she
wants to preserve a beautiful mortal from aging past her prime
but with little other thought to that childe's usefulness to the
clan. This leads to one of two things — either the childe
quickly learns to make herself useful in some way, or she is put
where she cannot do much damage. It is rare for Toreador to
destroy their childer unless the Embrace has driven the poor
unfortunates mad, or they have caused heinous embarrass-

ment to clan and sire.


Another impulsive Embrace, even worse than one done for
beauty, is that done for love. Perhaps a Toreador lord wishes to
ring his lovely young wife across to live with him forever, or a
Cainite lady decides thatshe must have the young count who has
her heart completely. These Embraces often have the
ends —unexpected Changes can drive the new childe to

rage, resentment or madness. Sometimes, the sight of the t
loved displaying the same predatory instincts as her sire is
enough to send the sire into depths of remorse or insanity. The
adds of a romantic Embrace producing a happy union are
slender, but occasionally Fare or some other higher powersmiles
onthe pair. If the couple can survive the first tumultuous months
of their new relationship, they have several decades of more of

the same to look forward to.

THe WOMEN OF TOREADOR

Perhaps it is only natural thata clan which traces its lineage
ulptress should be so protective and supportive
Inan era that largely views women as chattel to be

moved from one household to another, the Artisans take a very

expansive view of their ladies. Women outnumber men in the
clan, and distaff voices carry a ring of authority that is used to
obedience. A number were once the keepers of the hous
keys, born to positions of authority. Others may not have
born to power, but they soon learn its ways.
Iry, unsurprisingly, finds its greatest support among
Jor. Some have argued that under this school of
omen are no better off than before, merely treated like
instead of chattel — not much ofa improvement. These
loudest critics tend to be women of the more "martial" clans,
such as the Brujah and Gangrel. The Artisans and their propo-
nents di when one is required to be quiet and respectful
a lady speaks, one might actually listen, and (Heaven
d!) actually learn something. And chivalry has produced
men, not beasts who happen to be able to swing swords.

Many Toreador women model themselves after the great
queensand beauties of antiquity (Helen of Troy, Esther, Hippolyta
of the Amazons, the goddesses of Greece and Babylon), and
aspire to equal them in the realms of strength, wit and beauty.
The ascension of Eleanor of Aquitaine to her current post as
Queen of Love and patroness of chivalry has added her to the
roster of eternal worthies as well, demonstrating that the heights
to which the Toreador aspire can still be reached

Some clans see such "largess" as foolish fripperies — "Just
like a woman to be preoccupied with frills," they say. "Leave the
real work of governing to the men," they say. The Artisans,
however, came largely from the ranks of those who know what
power a woman can truly hold, and how she can use it. These
Cainites know who controls the household, who encourages the
arts, who learns the real secrets, and who gathers the murmurs
and sleepy tales of the pillow — and that is power beyond what
most Cainites can comprehend.


RANK AND PRIVILEGE

One can rise through the ranks by merit and skill alone,
although it is rough and slow going. Without some form of
surety regarding a neonate's politics, art and bloodline, many
older Toreador are inclined to distrust those who simply
appear on their stoops, and with good reason. It can be
frightfully easy to impersonate a Toreador (so long as one can
carry a tune, have a pleasant speaking manner and remember
to stare at the appropriate moments), and the clan fears
infiltrators terribly. A neonate who is new to the ranks, but
without any sire or other elder to introduce her around, can
expect to be tested a thousand thousand times before anyone
is remotely satisfied as to her claims, and even then, she will
be watched for a long time to come

‘Acquiring a patron or mentor of the elder ranks is one of
the best ways to get one's name recognized and accepted. A
patron is not chosen, although an artist or other low-ranking
clan member may petition a higher-ranking Toreador for her
patronage. The criteria for selecting an artist to patronize
varies from elder to elder, and none seem to quite know how
or why certain choices are made. Ithas happened that an elder
bypasses a promising neonate for an overly proud blockhead;
such choices may have more to do with those who are not
immediately recognizable as part of the picture. Perhaps the
blockhead has a particularly powerful sire who has deemed
that his childe shall have only the best, ot has a boon which
he has used to obtain the patron's favor. The bypassed neonate
may hav
childe of someone who has been cast out of court. The elder
himself may have certain requirements that must be fulfilled
before he will even consider a ward, such as a certain amount
of wealth, the right bloodline, political beliefs, even some-
thing as simple as nationality.

Patronage is, quite simply, the process by which the
patron takes the childe under his wing, teaches her what she
needs to know about the manners and business of the court
and introduces her to the "right" people, while the childe
works for her patron by producing artworks on commission or
showing off her patron's name to the best of her ability.
Patronage may last for decades, even centuries, if the benefits

politics the elders do not care for or may be the

are mutually agreeable. There are few better bargaining tools
within the clan than the promise of patronage — granted or
withheld

SECULAR VERSUS SACRED

Very few other clans experience the clash of Church and
crown more intensely than do the Artisans. Straddling the
line between those two worlds as they do, Toreador experi-
ence far more interclan strife than do the others, with both
sides squabbling like siblings when a parent's back is turned.
The Church's power is considerable, but not absolute. For
every Holy Roman Emperor forced to kneel in snow for three
days to gain a pope's favor, there are local churches and

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

monasteries ransacked by knights eager for profit. The balance
isan uneasy, ever-shifting one, and the demands and desires of
the Toreador on both sides of the equation make equilibrium
in these affairs a myth

THE CHURCH

In an era where the Church is center of power, art and
culture, small wonder that the Toreador hold so large a place
in its workings. The fact that the Artisans must share that
niche with others is not always a bone of contention. The
Church's labors span thousands of miles and millions of lives,
from stonecutters to Crusaders, oblates to the Holy Father. At
the lower levels of Church power, Cainites might spend their
unlives quietly working away and never come into contact (or
conflict) with one another. As they climb in power, the
smaller numbers of positions available in the hierarchy inevi-
tably brings the various factions and clans into closer quarters,
and rivalries are bound to erupt as a result. But in many cases,
a Toreador interested in constructing a cathedral can work
quite well with a Lasombra intent on making the Church's
authority manifest by diverting tax funds from the local lord.

A number of Toreador enter the Church, or find new
fervor for it, after their Embrace. The Church represents
security — there is strength to be found in the solid stone walls
and familiar rituals, in the belief that one is serving God and
that He might, in His mercy, remove the stain of Caine's touch
eventually, Are there not passages in the Bible where Christ
forgives the stained and sinners? In passion there isecstasy, and
the ecstatics of this time are considered touched by God. This
fervency occasionally translates into True Faith — and a
Cainite with True Faith is a miracle indeed.

The Church also preserves a connection to mortal life
that is often lost with the Embrace. Abbeys and cathedrals are
hardly the place to hide oneself away from the world. They are
vital, thriving communities with extensive groups of people
dependent on them. The abbots and abbesses who rule th
places hold extensive power over the lands surrounding the
abbeysand the peasants who farm them, and can be summoned
to the royal court or act as justices for the Crown, Cathedrals
are often the sites of pilgrimages, and the seats of bishopric
power. Toreador wishing to maintain their human natures
often gravitate toward such spots, seeking themselves while
assisting or bedeviling others. A few Artisans seek bishop's
miters for the temporal power that can be wielded over a
region, in addition to the considerable spiritual power the see
grants. However, the power wielded by the clergy need not
always be in the form of an iron fist bearing a bishop's signet or
coming from an abbey. In smaller parishes, the lower clergy are
seen as the spiritual leaders of the community, respected and
even loved. The act of confession or blessing holds great
weight with the simple people, and withholding those sacra-
ments can produce remarkable results when necessary. In the
days following the Third Crusade, many clergy have turned


their attention to the brutes who call themselves knights, urging
them to add piety, humility and protection of the weak and
powerless to their list of virtues. As the clergy exhort the less-than-
chivalrousknights to improve their behavior, society likewise urges
them on. The approval (or disapproval) of the clergy, high or low,
has a far greater impact than many Cainites give it credit for, and
the wise Toreador learns to take advantage of her fellows' negli-
gence.

Cuarcu Art

Without the Church, there would certainly still be art, but
there would not be nearly the opportunities it is given to grow
during the years covered by Vampire: The Dark Ages. The
building of the cathedrals has resulted in much more work for many
Toreador, who seek to scale new heights with their creative
endeavors. The sponsorship of the Church grants the Artisans
some measure of freedom to experiment; after all, every bishop
wishes a fine cathedral for his seat (and for a magnificent stopover
point for wealthy pilgrims), and it simply wouldn't do to have a
church that looks no different than the one a few towns over. But
is the striving of the Artisans who work on that cathedral a matter
of wishing to do one's best work for God or to outperform the rival
working on another cathedral? In the end, whether the height the
Artisan wishes to scale is spiritual or artistic is a moot question
Music, stained glass, stonecutting, wood carving, the mystery plays
—art finds a way, and in the end the art is all thar matters to all
concerned

Monastic OrpbERs

Why the orders? Afterall, surely a lifetime or more ina nunnery
isaclearand present danger to one whose "condition" would lead her
tobecalledademon or worse. Formany Toreador thus directed, there
are ew other choices —a woman wishing to serve in the Church has
nochoice but toentera monastic order. A widow, evenaCainite, may
be forced to seek shelter in the abbeys (if only for appearance's sake),
particularly if her husband's land is usurped by an aggressive neighbor
orking. For others, itis a matter of personal comfort. The routine of
prayers, the safety of the surroundings, the contact with peers, all
combine to make a familiar and comforting mixture that some
Artisans find necessary and good when they are trying to keep their
minds focused on their faith and search for God. And lastly, some
Toreador, having been part of the orders in life, simply can't imagine
unlife without them

Nearly all of the monastic orders at this time have at least asingle
Toreador in their midst. The only exceptions are the mendicant
orders, such as the Carmelites; even the self-designated Ascetics do
not seek out such. Extreme poverty rarely suits the Artisans, the
logistics of travel are nightmarish to contemplate, and one meets up
with too many Nosferatu among mendicants.

Toreador Embraced during or after Crusades often drift into the
military orders: Templars, Hospitallers, Teutonic Knights and sundry
smaller ordersspecific to individual kingdoms. These Cainite knights
fill into each other's company quickly, forming groups that do not
cause much comment when all practice a particular routine. Such

6.98
BOOK ONE: TOREHDOR


knights are discouraged from attempting to jump from these rag-
tag bands to the actual Toreador knightly orders, however; each
new conversion heightens the risk of the orders' being unmasked
for what they are. Instead, the Toreador subtly support these
anonymous bands with gold and hospitality, in the process
keeping them from looking beyond their current situation to
something perhaps a bit more structured.

The Cistercians also hold a place in Toreador life, by dint
of sheer numbers. By 1152, there are some 54 monasteries in the
British Isles alone; it is Cistercian effort that supports the wool
and cloth trades, making the Isles the leader in the industry. The
Cistercian sisters are another matter for the Artisans, though
The Cistercian movement among women takes root largely in
Spain and Italy, somewhat to the consternation of the Toreador;
afterall, being cloistered in a Lasombra abbey in the middle of a
Lasombra-dominated country can be a dangerous proposition.
The Cainite women who have chosen the Cistercian route often
find themselves trapped in the webs of Lasombra intrigue with-
outany effort on their part. The abbeys spin such like thread on
aspindle.

The other order supported largely through Toreador effort
is the Gilbertine nuns, Founded by St. Gilbert of Sempringham
around 1131, this order of nuns, lay brothers and sisters, and
canons has become a popular cause for English and Norman
Toreador to support. Part and parcel with such interest is the
favor of Eleanor of Aquitaine, who supported and respected
Gilbert, even when he supported Thomas 4 Becket against her
husband, Henry II. In the 1160s, lay brothers charged that the
Gilbertine abbeys were immoral (a charge no doubt brought
about by lay brothers frustrated by the piety of the sisters), a
charge never proven and cleared by the pope. At the moment,
Toreador Heloise de Couci serves as abbess at one of the
Gilbertine houses in Lincolnshire, while three Toreador men
work as lay brothers in another house to the north. Heloise, in
return for Malkavian supportagainsta Ventrue prince'sattempts
to seize the house, has begun to add caring for the insane to the
Gilbertines' list of duties, an arrangement that has suited all
concerned quite well so far.

The convent of Nogent-sur-seine also remains under the
watchful eyesof the Toreador, as ithassince itsfoundingin 1123.
Founded by Peter Abelard for his beloved Heloise, the convent
has been the destination of not a few Artisans on self-imposed
pilgrimages, who come to pray in the chapel and hope fora lo\
as passionate as Heloise and Abelard's. Some Cainite loversalso
pray to the pair as patrons of love that overcomes the odds.
HERESY

Heresy isa delicate subject among the Church-Toreador.
Those Cainites who entered the Church in the hope of
absolution for the sin of their vampirism often prefer stricter
tenets and more conservative theology, believing that the
ordeal will strengthen them. Those Cainites who turned to
the Church as a refuge for their art or to serve as lay canons
tend to favor a looser hand on the reins of devotion, and are

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

given to less moralizing and more attention to God instead of
ritual and dogma. The result is interclan squabbling over
religion that occasionally leads to one side pulling out the
battle-wagon and, through mortal pawns, declaring the other
guilty of heresy

Toreador elders are demanding that such quarrels cease,
orat least that they be kept reasonably private. An investi-
gation of heresy brings outsiders and many uncomfortable
questions for all involved, particularly Cainites. However,
there is evidence of a particularly virulent quarrel over
heresy brewing, in spite of the warnings, over the
Albigensians (or Cathars) who dwell in the Languedoc
region of France. The Cathars' extreme asceticism and
loudly professed belief that Satan rules the material world
while God rules the sacred have begun to wear on others —
in particular the higher powers of the Church the Cathars
no longer serve and the secular rulers unable to collect taxes
from them.

A striking number of Cainites, not a few of them Torea-
dor, have received the Cathar consolamentum (the rite of
initiation) and number themselves among the perfecti (or
"perfect"). The dichotomy of any Toreador deciding that the
material/physical world is evil and refusing to perpetuate it is
almost too incredible to believe, which has more than a few of
the elders wondering if these converted Cainites are in their
right minds. The number of Cainites who have chosen to
attach themselves to the Cathars as believers (or credenti) is
currently unknown, but the rumored numbers are staggering.
As the requirements of perfecti are no great effort on the part
of Cainites (abstention from all meat but fish, remaining
unmarried, creating no progeny, perpetual celibacy and ex
tinction of life to liberate the spirit from the chains of the
flesh), a number of Toreador leaders fear that the vampires
who swell the sect's ranks may be drawing the wrong sort of
attention from outside clergy. Already, vampires may kill with
little fear of retribution; some wonder if they do so with the
blessing of the Cathari leadership. And now come disturbing
rumors that those Cainites who walk as perfecti make little
effort to hide their true natures, with the worst offenders said
to be the influx of young Toreador. Terrifying rumors are now
repeated as fact across the breadth of Europe — that exsan-
guination has become the method of perfecti suicide so that the
dying may feed the undying, and that those Cainites who serve
as perfecti practice Amerath without fear of punishment

When Raymond VI became Count of Toulouse in 1194,
Catharism entered high politics. As secular authorities be-
come interested in the Cathars, the Toreador elders fear that
too much scrutiny will bring the eyes of the superstitious
mortals and the Church upon the Cainites. Already the elder
Artisans seek the identities of those who begin the first
campaignsagainst the Cathari— perhaps Lasombraseeking to
expunge the influx of Toreador, perhaps a mortal who knows
too much, or perhaps another vampire who hopes to set the
Toreador and Lasombra at fatal odds.


Tue ALBIGENSIAN CRUSADE
In 1208, Pope Innocent III, sup-
< ported by the King of France, initiates
his call for a Crusade against the

Cathars. Beginning with the massacre

‘of Béziers (the city refused to hand

over its handful of Cathar residents;

< the Crusaders slaughtered the entire

population — men, women and chil- "

dren, most of whom were not Cathar
~ — in response), the Crusade rages

until 1229, at which point there'slittle ~

2 left in Languedoc for the Crusaders to
plunder. With the fall of the fortress of

~ Montsegur in the Pyrénées in 1244,
the last gasp of the Cathar heresy is
essentially wiped out, and-most of its
Toreador adherents with it.

Po.itics

King-making isa dangerous game, and one at which most
Toreadors will freely admit they have little skill. There are
grounds where angels fear to tread, and this is certainly one of
them. The Toreador's perceived lack of interest and skill in
such matters often leads other clans to consider them to be
beneath notice in the vineyards of politics. For those Artisans
who do choose to play the game, their cousins' docility
provides them with unexpected, though not unwelcome,

While king-making isa game which the Toreador ignore,
duke- and baron-making, on the other hand, is more to their
liking, a game which the Artisans use to their advantage. In
1197, most countries are collections of duchies and baronies,
ruled by a single king. A properly placed (and sufficiently
fortified) duke or baron can make life difficult for his superiors,
and certain large duchies (such as Burgundy and Orleans) are

extremely influential when gifted with a talented duke. A king
who must continually contend with the antics of a few rebel-
lious barons cannot spend time expanding his kingdom's

borders, or dealing with an abbey that's withholding tax
revenues, or treating with the Cainite diplomat who comes as


a representative of an enemy... and so the best-laid plans
of mice, men and monsters gang aft agley. Of course, even
the most fractious duchies and baronies can usually be
subdued by a king of reasonable competence, but rarely
before the Toreador are ready to let them capitulate.

By virtue of a number of their innate gifts, the Torea-
dor are consummate politicians and diplomats. When one
is able to placate a flustered chamberlain and in the same
breath inform the king that he is served by a fool, a career

a diplomat becomes simply a matter of opportunity —
and the clan excels at creating those opportunities. Con-
sider the necessities of the diplomatic existence: an
emphasis on courtly grace and manners, familiarity with
the intricacies of the dances of both Church and secular
courts, and the closeness one must endure to one's peers
and subjects — all of these are second nature to a great
many Toreador. Indeed, even when they have little inter-
est in such, Artisans are among the first singled out by
princes to perform diplomatic missions, particularly if
those Artisans are not especially well-known to the com-
munity (either vampire or mortal) at large. Toreador,
renowned for their decadence and lack of focus, are rarely
suspected of posing ing in
manners and the arts to allay any suspicions that do arise
and skillful enough at observation to avoid observation
themselves. Some Cainites sneer that both the Toreador
and the Nosferatu truck in the same gossip; the Toreador
simply acquire it at the supper table instead of at the
garbage heap. Wise Cainite rulers know that while the
Nosferatu will know the details of a palace's every plot, the
Toreador will know who set the plots in motion, why they
did so and who let the Lepers in on the secret.

y threat, sufficiently da:

In Cainite politics, any connection a Toreador has
will be exploited to its utmost, usually without the ex-

ploitee realizing that she is being used thus. For example,
the request of a loan of a horse might not seem like so great
a matter between friends, but the Toreador borrowing the
horse is acquiring it for a messenger borrowed from an-
other friend to take a message to a third friend, who is

requested to pass the message on to a fourth — the
interconnected webs of favors owed and granted can ac-
quire Byzantine proportions quickly. The webs spun
between resources, contacts, allies, Cainites and mortals
can dizzy even the sharpest Toreador, and all are so artfully
and delicately balanced that a single wrong move can
easily bring down the entire structure. Needless to say, no
Artisan allows strands of favor to fray so perilously; if a

connection to a mortal guildmaster is weakening, threat-

AUS SANGUINIS 2

ening other portions of the web, then the Toreador quickly
cauterizes the strand by whatever means necessary. By neces-
sity, then, the Toreador maintain one of the busiest
correspondences imaginable, and are forever seeking new and
faster ways to send their messages.

Mortat Lire

Toreador, by necessity, are part of mortal life, in spite of
the grumbling and attempts at separation. Mortal courts, cities
and churches are Toreador playgrounds, and the Toreador
who attempts to separate himself entirely from mortal com-
pany will soon find the loneliness and limited companionship
ofhisbrethren maddening. Many Cainiteshave noted that the
Toreador seem to need mortals in spite of themselves — as
mirrors of themselves, as inspiration, as audience. Some claim
that this is why the notion of Toreador hermits and ascetics
makes for rich comedy; how could the social Toreador con-
sider locking himself away on some mountain with only the
birds to preen for?

Everywhere one looks in the life of the clan, one finds
mortals — as subjects, friends, allies, coworkers, contacts,
lovers, spouses, students and children. While the Toreadorare
certainly not the only Cainites to have associations with
mortals, few others hold the living so close and so deep. For as
many benefits as such connections might be, there are few
worse wounds than a strike at a Toreador's mortal relations
The loss of a trusted ally or casual friend can send an Artisan
into a fit of melancholy, while the death or destruction of a
parent, lover, child or spouse reduces him to rubble. Should,
however, the vampire find the strength of spirit to turn on his
foes while in the throes of despair, the enemy can expect
neither surcease nor mercy.

Of the many potential opportunities for involvement in
mortal life, the rising guild structure for craftsmen provides the
Toreador with a new and unexpected vehicle for inserting
themselves into the cities. Most of the guilds focus on the crafts
or trades that incorporate art in some way — from weaving to
goldsmithing to masonry — and for the Toreador, the organiza
tion of such talent has proven to be a mecca before which they
prostrate themselves. Guildmasters set the tests for entrance,
occasionally to reflect certain high standards (such as those laid
down by the guild's patron), resulting in a guild that is rich and
strong in talent. A number of guildsare even induced to sponsor
stained glass windows in churches or the mystery playsat holiday
time (some after a little "encouragement"). In some cities, a
subtle contest of one-upmanship has grown among the new
guilds as various Cainites encourage their pets to greater heights
of influence in all spheres of city life.


or, WHAT THE BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE ARE
DOING ALL THIS TIME

A 20th-century casual scholar might look back on the era
of Vampire: The Dark Ages and ignorantly postulate the
Toreador to be wallowing in stagnation. After all, there is
absolutely nothing for them to do, right? Everyone knows that
mortals are barely scraping by with life in general and that art is
a luxury unaffordable by any. Therefore, what use are the
Toreador, except as interesting relics of a bygone age, pretty
fossils who can still remember the rhyme schemes to some old
Greek paeans?

In truth, the Toreador have a great deal to busy themselves
with, even in these "dark olde days." While the arts won't reach
their full flowering until the dawn of the Renaissance, there are
always places where art is welcome. Every society inevitably
needsitsartists, and the Toreador are always there to fill that gap.
"Creation, whether it be of a sword, a song ora soul, is never an
act wasted — there will always be someone in need of it," claims
one Tuscan Toreador

Forinstance, thereare the cathedrals. These glorious monu-
ments to God from His loving subjects single-handedly produce
rampantblossomings of artistic
tion. F
glass to the vestments of the clergy, all around is beauty waiting

pression from their very incep-

om the architecture to the carved stone to the stained

tobe brought forth. For Toreador wishing to serve God in some
capacity and place their works at His disposal, this is the closest
they can get. A few have discovered to their dismay, however,
that certain sites, relics or workers can cause a great deal of
discomfort, radiating True Faith that negates their attempts at
devotion, Cathedralsare not built in aday, or even a year. Some
can take a decade or more, depending on the flow of money,
availability of workers and general weather conditions; it is
entirely possible to have the same vampitic architect, stonecut-
ter or glass painter working on the same building for up to a
century (after a few strategic changes of identity, of course),
Even in the most repressive times, there isalwaysa demand
for music. There are fewer opportunities for musicians during
these dark years, but "fewer" is a far cry from "none." As the

Courts of Love grow in prominence, there is a need for the
troubadours and minstrels to sing of the beauty of the ladies or of
the bravery of the knights who quested for those ladies' favors.
The best troubadours enjoy a seller's market for their talents, and
a few Artisans can cut deals at remarkable prices to compose a
particularly artful song fora lover ora biting satire fora rival. For
musicians wishing to travel, villages and manors hungry for
entertainment and news of the outside world are receptive to
those whoarrive on theirdoorsteps. Gaelicbards, French jongleurs,
Russian skomoriki, itinerant musicians of all nationalities — all
agree that one wishing to travel would do well to learn an
instrument.

The Church often commissions new music for Masses. At
this time, polyphonic harmony has its first outings, producing
daring (for the times) new sounds in music. Monody still has its
place (monastic chants are done in monody), but polyphony
offers new opportunities to experiment with harmonies, blend-
ing voices and instruments in different configurations.

Theatre has all but gone underground during this time. The

of Aeschylus and Euripides which graced the amphithe-
sof Greece and Rome are not gone, but largely forgotten and
certainly considered too godless to produce. Most theatrical
productions at this time are "passion plays," stories dramatizing
the life of Jesus, or "mystery plays" which tell other Biblical
stories. Some of these plays occasionally teach moral fables and
talesas well. For the illiterate peasants, th
stories of the Bible. In the town squares and on the church steps,
mystery plays are sponsored by guilds and merchants as a show of
wealth. Traveling entertainers like jongleurs put on silly displays
ofa topsy-turvy world during Carnival time, mocking royalty and
peasants alike in bawdy performances that arouse Church ire.

is how most learn the

Brightly colored illuminated manuscripts are often works of
art in and of themselves. Often gilded, with capital letters that
take up large portions of the vellum or parchment page, these
magnificent pieces are the crowning jewel of many a library. The
Book of Kells, produced in the eighth century, is considered the
very finest example of the art. Such beauty, however, takes time
to produce when one is hand-copying a manuscript in addition

BOOK ONE: TOREADOR


to adding such pretty pictures. For Toreador, trying to work by
candlelight on a small piece can be agonizing. A number use
Auspex to magnify their sight enough to see their craft while not
risking more than a few small candles (as light is expensive and
risks a potentially disastrous frenzy in the middle of work)

Painting has shied away from too much realism since the
Roman times; such is considered to be approaching the work of
God. While the artist himself might not mind, the purchaser is
unlikely to willingly take on something potentially blasphe-
mous. Perspective is not entirely unknown, but it is not always
used, resulting in pictures of towers topped with ladies as large as
they or cities small enough to be vaulted by the horses of the
invading armies. Likewise, portraiture is affected by this lack of
perspective and realism. Faces appear flat, occasionally some-
what distorted. It's enough to give someone a general idea, but
few are likely to mistake the picture for the real thing.

Needlework, the creation of tapestriesand lace, and fashion
(although considered to be "lesser" arts by some of the elders)
enjoy great popularity. Most clans admit (however grudgingly)
that even when wearing the simplest of clothes, Toreador look
wonderful. In the Church and royal courts, magnificent ves
ments utilize gold and silver and bullion, ot rich fabrics like silks
from Cathay or brocade from the Levant. While the Artisans
abide by sumptuary laws in the mortal world, it is quite another
matterat their own courts; one Ventrue chronicler reports that,
". such was the magnificence of the gowns worn, the multitude
of buttons upon the ladies' sleeves, and the trims of gold crusted
with gems, that | fair believed myself in a field of living flowers."
Such sumptuousness also results in a subtle one-upmanship
among some to be the first to use a new trim or fabric, or even
createanew style. Sometime during thisera, an anonymouslittle

stress has the idea to cut her mistress' dress with curved
armholes and sleeve caps, resulting in a better fit and silhouette
Current speculation claims that the seamstress in question was
in the employ of a Cainite lady, for the design was not seen
among mortals until this lady began to wear her special styles to
mortal courts. Daring fashion, however, has a way of riling the
Church fathers, who believe that such vanity reflects a lack of
care for the soul.

What of the written word? While books are expensive to
reproduce, they arestill being written, often available only tothe
wealthy patrons who frequently commission them. Chivalry
owesagreat debt to Marie de France's romancesand Chretien de
Troyes' stories of the Knights of the Round Table. Andreas
Cappallanus, the author of The Art of Courtly Love, is venerated
by every Toreador who ever attended a court or wooed a lover
(although he is privately sneered at by elder Toreador for his
parodying of Ovid). Bede the Venerable also bears a great deal
of quiet Toreador worship, less for his Churchly writings and
more for his preservation of numerous old tales, including
Beowulf

Not everyone is interested in sacred art at this time. While
itis considered tobe the higherand "nobler" thing, there is more
to creation than putting halos on everything. Secular music

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

certainly exists, performed and largely committed to memory by
often illiterate musicians, who sing it for peasants or for royal
entertainment, Notafewsuch songsare rife withdoubleentendre,
delivering important messages to Cainite listeners while amus-
ing the kine, When the secular music is written down by monks
in the interest of preservation, many of the very bavidiest lyrics
and refrains are replaced with nonsense syllables (resulting in
things like "Heyho, hey nonino!""Down-a-down" and thelike).
Those songs bearing Cainite stamps are gently (or less so)
rewritten into more acceptable-sounding lyrics; a few simply go
missing. Bored monks and schoolboys scribble daydreams and
unchaste thoughts in the margins of the texts they are supposed
to be reading. Folk tales and heroic epies from days past (such as
Beowulf, The Mabinogion and The Vainimoinen) are filled with
descriptions of gory battlefields and witches' charnel houses,
flesh-eating monstersand the fatal tricks of faeries; some Artisan
storytellers become so engrossed in the blood and hunger of the
monsters of their tales that they need to feed immediately after.

Some Toreadorspeak of using their Disciplines, particularly
Celerity, toallow them more speed ora finer touch, but Artisans
in general look on this unfavorably. The Disciplines, they claim,
do not enhance the art, but can occasionally muddy it. Speed
from Celerity may allow for more work to be accomplished
during the night, but the critics among them say that Celerity-
driven work is frequently sloppy or lacking in fine detail. Using
Auspex togive oneafinertouch anda keener eye resultsin details
thatare near-blinding, such as the glitter of buttonson the figure
of a brooch in a portrait; many times, most mortals' eyes simply
cannot absorb such things, and so such work is done for Cainite
patrons alone.

Tue Arr or Art

Art at this time is considered to exist solely for the
glorification of God in one way or another. Whether it be in
the form of the music that rings through the cathedral, the
glorious stained glass windows, a singer's achingly beautiful
voice or people acting the part of angels at the birth of Christ,
art comes ftom God, and Man is expected to return the favor.
The Toreador, however, find this simple equation to be most
problematic as a result of their unliving state. Art is meant to
glorify the works of God. The Toreador create art with the
same purpose in mind, but do so as vampires (creatures not of
God and therefore damned). Will their art be considered
glory to God? Not according to the thought of the day. So
what is left to the Artisans, deprived (and perhaps depraved)
of their art's raison d'etre?

If their art is refused by God, then for whom should the
Toreador create? What is the worth of their creations? It is
one of the most explosive questions posed in Elysium, and the
debates are fierce. Many Toreador insist that they should still
respect God's wishes and create for Him, even if He rejects
their creations (as He rejected Caine's sacrifice). These
Toreador feel that their works may be the very things which
redeem them in His eyes. Others feel that they should shift


their focus and make theit art for those who can appreciate it,
namely other Cainites and perhaps mortals of rare perception
an and Cainite do some very fine work without God's inter
vention, these Toreador postulate, and therefore, why should
they be left without recourse to art? If the art of the Cainites
cannot be given to God, as it isasullied thing, then why not give
itto those who can and will smile upon it? The argument results
in a constant tension between the artist's need for recognition
and the Cainite search for redemption
Such humanistic thoughts, though, are supposed to be kept
strictly to the Elysia and the shadows of one's own mind. Charges
ofheresy are easy to fabricate in these suspicious times, and a few
Toreador who take their artistic rivalries too far have found that
a warning of seditious thoughts, whispered to the proper au
thorities, can remove a rival with a minimum of fuss or guilt
Those Artisans who do dispatch their rivals thus (and are found
out) had either best have plans to travel or extremely wealthy
patrons who can support them for a long while to come. Friendly
rivalry and competition is one thing, but betrayal of a clan
member is considered treason of the first water, and is usually
met with drastic response. The clan believes as a whole that no
art should be destroyed, and destruction of an artist is nothing
more than a pre-emptive strike against everything she ever
would have produced. After all, who knows what the victim
would have created in time, if his carved altar would have
crowned a royal chapel or if her song would have moved an
intransigent enemy to tears?

It has been said that artists are duty-bound to sabotage the

familiar, forever testing the borders in their attempts at creation.
It is one thing to carve a piece of stone to look like a saint in
robes, but someone looking to do more than simply imitate what

has gone before seeks out new techniques and tests the border of
‘cceptability" in the search for something better than an
imitation. That being said, artists are frequently found in the
company of rogues, whether they are aware of it or not, and oft
end up surrounded by scholars, philosophers, gamblers, whores,
thieves and libertines — dangerous people to associate with. In
an era in which the clergy can deem art to be a threat to God,
and in which the putative divine order is strictly enforced by
those who benefit from its current construction, artists who
stand outside the order and work at what their muse commands
are by definition heretical. There are a few small places here and
there within the "natural order" where one might have room to
stretch, but for the large part, doing so is not advisable. There is
comfort and safety (not to mention power) in the familiar, the
routine, the accepted order. Stepping outside that order risks
chaos and invites trouble (such as suspicious clergymen looking
for any excuse to light the witchfires). Most young Toreador
take their risks haltingly, looking for approval from mentors,
patrons and elders before they step too far beyond the bounds
previously established. Older Artisans, having lived through
many changes of social mores, simply continue as they always

1 their view, the times will change soon enough if one
waits long enough.

TOREADOR


ON Art, AND ITS
CONTEMPLATION

My dear Percival.

I thank you for your acceptance of my apology regarding

the incident a fortnight ago. ‘You have asked of me an

planation of how such a ching could happen. and under the
cirewnstances of your own calling and our friendship. T feel
obligated to reply. I shall warn you now that Lam no scholar.
am I merely spin conjecture and repeat the theories most
plausibly put forth by my own kind. Herewith. To presene the
fruits of the past evenings' study.

Art of any sort has always hel deep fascination for us.
more so than for any others of our kind.None can seem to recall
a tine when it has not. even those who claim to have held
converse with our progenitor. We seckit out. revel in it. support
ic by whatever means necessary, drink it in and sup at it like i
be food and lover. Mayhap it is even greater than vitae to us.
for Lhave hear' of those of my clan who have attempted to
become ascetics and Later wene mad for lack of it

T believe chat art is not merely the finished piece or fait
accompli. or why should the Toreador alone see and understand
this — ie is the act of creation, of bringing forth che new from
the great midy sea of deas. thoughts. recollection, motiva-
tions and emotion. The ereation that gives us a new piece of
work leaves its mark upon that piece. as animal cracks in new-
fallen snow or writing across a fresh page. For my own part
when listening to a piece of well-done music, gazing into a
lovely face or contemplating the architecture of a church, 1 find
myself looking for those marks of creation, seeing what Was
loft with each sweep of the brush as it were, imagining the
process itself, wondering what will yet come about as a result

of this beauty én the world. And. as my thoughts srddenly spin
off into themselves. when T awaken, time has passed without

me.

T have heard from others that there is some sort of

mystical bond in our blood that cries out for beauty and art as

much as it does for vitae. Leannot say whether this is eruchful.

although the madness of those who have been without either
for t00 long would seem to suppore this

Another suggestion I recently heard was chat che clan

0d because of the vanity of its founder, Arikel, She was

enamored of her own beauty, and refused to surround

herself wich anyching but beauty. One day. Father Caine did

call her to attend hin, and she refused. 30 lost Was she in the

beauty of a young slave brought co her. Caine di call her agait

and she refused him again. On the third refusal. Caine himself

dd curse her to be a slave to that which she worshipped. event
above him, I cannot vouch for the theory's validity. but it is
amusing, no?

The night grows shore, good friend. and Tam called by my
chamberlain that T have guests.

"by this hand and in Love's name.

Tsonda

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

AA BARON's THOUGHTS
ON Love

Who is she, youask, the lady drawn there on the ivory? Ah,
you have found Annelies — the work is my own vain effort to
capture what God hath wrought. Yes, I did love her, and still do.
Do you think that when we accept the Embrace that we lose all
thatevermadeus? Weare the products of ourartist —why should
we not retain something of the grand artificer Himself, even if
His hand no longer works upon us?

While it is not to say that the other clans do not feel love,
few would argue that we are the most passionate of Caine's
children. Immersing ourselves in art and mortal society as we do,
how could we avoid loving those we are surrounded by? Some
have said that the "love" in question is merely more of the same
courtliness and chivalric behavior that we have been workingall
this while, but those who are fortunate enough to find it would
never mistake it for anything else.

The dichotomy of the seeking and the having, however, is
nothing less than sheer anguish. The Book of Nod — indeed,
Caine's own words — says that Cainites should not seek love
among mortals. According to both the strictures of the Church
and our own words, Cainites are considered damned and un-
clean, thought to exist beyond the grace of love. And yet, the lure
isthere, the chance for redemption in the eyes of at leastone, and
that lure is perhaps the most powerful temptation every devised.
The notion of loving, and being loved in return, isone that often
drives many of us to amazing feats of creation and bravery. The
Court of Love would not flourish so if we refused to believe in
love.

And what of courtly love? It would seem to be the ideal
solution to this quandary. At its most basic, courtly love proposes
thataknightholda lady (particularly an unattainable one) asthe
pinnacle of virtue and beauty, and do great deeds in her name, all
for the chance of a smile, a word of praise ora gentle glance. The
lady, in return, is expected to support her "suitor," but is not
required to return physical proof of love (a kiss or an embrace).
As physicality supposedly should not enter into the equation,
chivalric love ought to support both the vampiric knight pining
fora lovely mortal woman and the Cainite lady who has caught
the eye ofa mortal knight. Speaking as one who has sought such
refuge in the chivalric courts, however, I find that it satisfies only
part of the need — much like sitting at a sumptuous banquet,
surrounded the smells of every dish I have ever enjoyed, and
being unable to eat a morsel of it.

Our nobility often have particular considerations with
regard to love and marriage. Unmarried nobility are regarded
with suspicion, and a noble who is without an heir of his flesh
risks his lands being seized by another with a dynasty. Some
places do allow for adopted heirs, but alas, only the uncivilized
continue this custom. Many of us may take spouses to allay
suspicions, particularly if we are maintaining our mortal lives.
Sometimes the spouse is told the truth, and sometimes she is not.


Some of us have gone so far as to have surrogates assist in "bearing"
offspring (such as the mortal wife of a Toreador lord laying with her
husband's mortal brother to bear her husband a child). This is a
dangerous gamble, though, as the information in the wrong hands
could result in charges of incest or illegitimacy at ascension time.
And what of the ascetics you've heard so much about? What of our
clergy and those dedicated Cainites who seek the Lord's forgiveness by
serving Him? Surely they must give up the notion of love as well, you
are thinking. My childe, ifthatwere true, then whatadulllife this would
be indeed. Surely your sire told the story of Peter Abelard and Heloise,
who, like ourselves, forced to reconsider the notion of any sort of
physical consummation. While both may have given themselves up to
the Church upon the frustration of their designs, do not think for a
moment that their passions simply died like a frostbitten flower. Their
ardor remained quite alive, but necessarily tempered into something
more spiritual in nature — the love of two souls bound in mutual pain
and finding passion in their heavenly delirium. I have been told there
issomething quite similar among the ascetics. Some of those who must
maintain "chastity" take up Marianism with a zealotry that has grown
tofrighten some Churchmen, worshipping the Blesséd Mother with a
zeal that quite outstrips the thought of God and Christ. I dare say some
see the Heavenly Fathe a potential rival! Others tum to
mysticism in their lonely travels and travails, seeking to embrace the
of loving God by many means, and in that mysticism, they speak
of the relations between God and Man in a variety of terms. One ideal
that is so often used comes from the lips of Christ Himself, that Man is
like a bride and God's spirit the bridegroom at a chaste and spiritual
wedding. I have read poetry from some of these chaste mystics, and they

could just as easily be a song from a passionate knight to his lovely lady
"The Song of Solomon" would be the most familiar to you, but | would
also suggest any writings of Leonidas of Athos, if you ever happen to
come across them. A word of caution, tho' —some of these mystics are
considered in the mindsof some to be nigh unto heretics, and younever
know who will fall under the shadow. If you keep writings of these
scribblers, be certain that you havea good hidingplace in which tostore

their creations.

The other supernatural races may well entice us to lose our
hearts. In Ireland, not a few of us have fallen in love with the faeries
whocame to dance on Midsummer's Night, and some of the Fair Folk
return the favor. Ghostly lovers or passionate witches may also bring
one to his knees — I recall one such witch, with hair the color of the
forgotten sun and eyes as blue as a summer sky. She had met young
Gervase during the dancing of a feast day, and they wereSun and fire
from the start. Unfortunately, when it was leamed that Gervase was
spending his time with a pretty (and mortal) witch, Rosalba, one of
the women of the clan, went nearly mad with jealousy and hunted
down the unfortunate mortal (and Gervase, I recall) with the fury of
a beast. Such matches, when they occur (and occur they do) are
considered star-crossed from the beginning, and all the lovers may
look forward to is flight and deception as they wait for those few
moments when they can be together. As for Gervase and his witch,
thetwo eventually fled and heard no more of them. Atbest they were
driven out — at worst, they were pursued and killed. Cruel? Unfor-
tunately, while we may sigh over tales of lovers parted and the like,


weare not very goodat tolerating them among our own. Witness
the practice of disparaging, used to diminish the status of one's
rivals. When, for example Countess B____ is disparaged for
marrying a penniless knight, he is not raised to her station
Instead, she is lowered to his.

Annelies, you ask? I knew her when we were both mere
mortals, time and ago. As I said, the portrait is nota particularly
good one. Its difficult to make a life study when the subject is

a hundred years dead.
AFTER Court wiTH LADY
CATRIONA LINDSAY

Come in, darling, and close the door behind you. You
looked splendid tonight, and carried yourself with such gre

was very proud to acknowledge you as one of my own.

with me, for I have much to tell you. Now that you have passed
your first test as my childe and a Cainite, I believe that you are
ready to undertake your next step, one that is your birthright as
a Toreador. When you were mortal, were you familiar with the
Court of Love? ou say, which I will take for ano.
Very well, then — consider this your first lesson.

jot as sucl

The Courts of Love, founded by our own Eleanor of
Aquitaine, are one of the brightest flowerings of our work
Within the shelter of the court, noble ladiesand knights play out
their games of courtship and love, giving tise to the romantic

i

i

ae

images of questing knights and beautiful ladies that our trouba-
dours make their living singing of. However, not a few of those
knights and ladies play at politics while they dally with their
"lovers," and the innocents so dallied with further our agendas
without realizing it

The court arranges itself thus: There is a single Queen of
Love, often selected by popular accord, who leads the court and
createsthe rulesby which the gamesare played. Itisshe whodoles
out punishments to the erring suitors or encourages the ladies,
and occasionally reaches the new and inexperienced. She is
looked toas the example of beauty and wit, and the court follows
her. Those who cluster in our courts are usually

be the best and brightest of their "mortal" courts.

cknowledged to

Now, how does the court itselffunction? Each isdifferentin
its specifics, of course, but all have a general pattern so that one
may travel between them and rarely lose one's footing as a guest.
A knightsetshis eyesand heart upona lady, and seeks to win her
favor howeverhe can. He rarely announces his intentions before
the entire court; afterall,
public rarely endures, not to mention the embarrassment to the
lady if she dislikes him. The knight is expected to perform deeds
that will honor his lady, to undertake tasks at the behest of the
queen or his lady, to endure without complaint the teasing and
long waits for her attention, to treat his "belo
than the summit of womanly perfection always, and to brave
infinite dangers for a gentle glance orsmile. At every step of the

‘appallanus reminds us that love made

nothing less

el, *


YOCHAYOL NO MOO€

{pareuSt10 siojd ayp aouaym woy 1]1 au0
ue Moy uno» auf Jo y|Nw pur rau ay aq disso8 se pury "wry
pouands oyas Ape] aup 10 Jeans sty 10} 9]qnoN asned or pour
ur Ayqeains aq Aeur (anured Jo Jeu0Ur JaypaYar) passtwsip
gouns y ‘Ansodea e sioploiqwi uewoMa|qou e se A]p]IM
se Yanna 9yp saprouquid 10 "yons aos 10 ,Ajadoad weds 1,upIp,,
una dup JO spuom dy 2Yp spunoss ay UO sper]eg Jo S134}
apa, Aypenses Avur Aayp ‘astmayry "ssaureai3 20} szossa2ons
woo13 10 1yZnoYp puod~s e anoYpIA speats stays serpy Aew
suediaiunos yeri0ur asurese pozaid sinopeqnon s0peai0 |
-yo pred sey 10a ano
]]o8 oy 29s |]ta aw Jo ssouT|Ty axp SuTY anp apn pue spuey oy
AUOYUT FLA OY 4og auY v ULOg dag aoUTS sey PITYD ay p "aU
sodoad aup ae agim sty yatn Avy 02 Ayoug pourmar pey ‘puegsny
Jay pue ‘po] J1aep wep adatpaq 01 siueaIs atp pasned UeI>.10 jo
uo ‘sypuoW perdaas zo} daoy say 2e 129] 94s 40 UMIaL Uy UOReNAIS
aweotfap super v Jo} dYeus pip a ‘ssuisnq UO AeA puegsny
Joy pue ‘pauzew sem UoHsanb ur Apel atp s¥y "PIryS yun Buraq
Joy] 01 pay YD 19e Ue YSU, aILOAeY Jay YHAL ano punoy,,
seat oy Apey B semi uonsanb ut Joos 100d ay2 — OB sea4 B anoqe
pauinod0 Yyons UK "HeUY>eIq AINOD 02 IO] e JayPeA dn aat8 ued
ays10 ay Yainb sree ap dooy smu wyst4y 10 Apel axp Ayareiadsop
soy uo Surpuadacy ‘opesmac uo wy Surpuas o1 uny BupNs9xo
woy Suryzdue op Aeur ysrys ‘sonsnt jes0] 01 pakenag waaa 10
‘kds 8 se aotatas nu UIs ‘ashte9 JOPEAIO J ¥-O1 WHE Proms sty PUdT
01 pasio} aq dew ay — ajqnon ut jjaswary puy osje Aew 1431
DULL "tosd9s areye ay daay 02 z9p10 UT JoILDULIO Joy or ]9ys
30 AdUOUL JUUTY 01 Pad10} ‘[HeUNYDeIq LOpeax0 J. Jo pus Surataoas
ay ae sjesioy puy Aen soum Aue oor auUndinyf w IysnED APE] y
s pueqsny 0 100 puv aut Jaypoue aesedoud Aew ppiyp ssoypaas
goano sApey aya 40 {PeuNDeIq YBnomp 124998 adoy, ‘pjoysno
B se puegsmy ayp oovuisIp 02 O81] Ie F[IOM ay O1 payeaaai
9g Avu sree ot — suioq awe on ap MON "UoNeURUNSLOS
Jeo1skyd ut saBeBua Aqpemmuaaa opdnoo at pue oa} s,r0uns 194
sadaooe Ape] aya 2eyp A|SurUUIMs os paaoord sBunyy J "s19a0j au
uaaaiiog Soop ay se staisetu sty 02 UOHeUUOJUT yout se SurauUTY
‘qusruy ayp 40j nopeqnon ayp se uaa sdeyzad ‘staacy ap 10}
uaaaniag-o8 atp se saaias ]NOYB y "AUOU aatadai spAL SITY ATTY
joy pue syury aay & UdAt8 st ayBIUy aup Jo ‘se|NONaed UT YSU,
esnodua 1uNod atp Jo Uaanb 1OpeaI0], ALL
‘siyBruy Jo Aaaq [Jews e Aq uodn aas Aduioad st pue ano axyp
utofoi paaurst (Awousaues eo ued yp sdeytad sopearo |.
aup jo Awous ue st oy) puegsny soy yp Addeyun Apel y
autod urased ‘ppom ,J91no, ay ur pasn aq sae] AewsuOTUNasotp
reyp uoneiadxa oyp ala\ ‘saIpe] pue sIYstU Uaamiog soypreM
aieai 01 aoueyp axp jo aSeiueape ayer sh jo AueUT IAI

UO JOARy 01 JY

-polopuenbs A]pt aq 20 |pEM apt3 sip
reUp painsse 3801 ‘Ino s,epnosy re 99214 sty 10} |]! Mpoos s,rayseU
siy UI ang pjo8 ur Ajuo 20U pred Suyproy annua, Suno' e rey
pueysiopun | Burueaw Aut MoJo} NOS 41 ‘saaj 2oueNUD UTELIAD
pueuUOD ue> suo "AIUD 01 3uIs3oq uedinIed aq-pjnom
svy auo uayy\ aoadsns pjnom AueW ueYA souANYUT arour Tey
aaey 0} aod sey stuedionued pue sSunpiom sir Aq pur ‘srpuepy
pur aureanby jo asoyp ueyp auo sayjeus & aac] Jo 10D &

220 sapisaid ‘asieyg ap epnos] Ape] Uo 1No Jo. aUC) "ppoMaIno
atp UT ]]aM Way? aatas IEE suOssa] BY JBUILS 02 puE "Uma oD
auro sauo Suno4 ayp ‘]peus Afaaneyas are sayers ayp azayan asp]
‘uvstLy PUk ISEUE Y20g Jo suOHUAIE arp Jo AyIOM SHi0M axe |e
un is unos axp oy SuneI21p pue uaanb Jo uonsod ayp 0
nopeqnon asoq atp Sumnd
‘szomns uasoyp 3uiZemnoosIp 10 Buresnosua ‘say>reu Sutsues

Burst uaa ‘Jeane asutese 32044 oF

-ay ‘sonmumuoddo pajajjesedun apraord sino ayp ‘sn 104
"W Upeays 02 MOY 10 IN PIOAIS B BUIAs 01 MOY st MOL,
Aayp ype ways pasana]un osu1aq zaaBou [Ln Aoyp way Avpe awd
J}! axa, jsantansay ano uldf on jeap reaIs v aa'8 saBpay stamp yo
JeqHUNU e 2 BULMOUY 199US 02 9IN Os aq ‘tuofUop auf e seaus
BuUDA soup YpIA pores ‘sp1o] BULDIUS as9(p P|NO AY "WLP MOL}
Nok qpeys Som s,t1OU INO Aq pu ‘Os q 01 LUHE]D OY SIseDq I0KE
Suow wrotp aa18 om sooygo pur suapres asaxpi Ag "snopoaty Yossapasn
are samoo aup wIE]> Oya asoup Ye Yods | "BIA JaUIO Aue se Ise} SIE
02 ploy Aoup weep pue ‘siysruny sno jo saquunu v 404 Jost! o1uN LIA
vawiooeq sey Aupearyp ep Supurasiapun Auw sty "oe, ep weKp
uarayip Yonus 002 10U Aydosopyd e ‘Jeo8 sey aAary>e 02 peor
up ueyp [eo8 v Burureaqo anoge say st 11N09 axp Jo IDaLqo aU] ay
(pia pus pjnoysaysnorp Araaasty pur ‘parojaq umosty Aq paruias
yeUP UeYP sodeIqWId 19420 OU JO} YstA PINOYS JaAO] Wy 2910} hq
dye DUOSIse ssopanfer aslaayI[ SI UOM Aisa O02 Ios Y TUIAL
(quom 20U se Udas s1 poruasaid AlIswIN]D 10 popueap st ey AAO]
"noo ayp Ut parsadxa asimaypy are apaeq ur IystUny e Jo popurEut
ap suOIss9DUO9 UTED pue ‘9Ao] Apunod yar poutAMUD aninb
autodaq sey ay "Aupeatyp ‘sa4 ‘ye BurAws [sea Ieyar MoULING
-3q 01 BUILD SID MOY 98 01 parsazaItt
aamb aq []}4 oyas auuos aq ]]!a4 ax9yp aqnop ou Sanoge sSuHg Ie:
ey 29s ]]eYs9 fq, -APUANbay azo ssp IyBtUpHU puane or pue
sjayjaq Uo sry auTUeXa 01 UNBaq pey ay — Ajpis BurAq nopIA\
snoid pue aju98 st oy — Surpep sty Jo ansind ap Uy cyey
‘Avs [arep *- yo Aanpenb ajqeyseusas v dey dsip 01 ueBaq "uso 1n040
uo "UaT|N( sIg AOY aves | APUEDAI ‘AY AA "SdyNsox Bustudns 190W
yaa uayo ‘Joa se paBeanooua are Azo1d pu Aayprumy Jo sonyea
DY "PHom ayp 01 Sung Aayp aovad pue Aneag auf 10} paroaroxd
pue paysuiay> aq pjnoys uawom aeyp pue siuesead arp 0
sajdurexa se saajasuiayp urezurewr Aaup reqp Quauoddo pauureun
ue ayINS zaAdU SIYSTU IeYp spueULap [eap! U]eAIyD ay | ‘pioN
Jemnug, pue ssopoucy AJaB1e] v 01 oUOY pue aovI8 Jo amnseaut
e Bung oy adwone sno ‘suioojg, Aupeary> yey a19y] St I]
-saney sdaxs Jo souias seynonred
2eYp UO asinoosip zany aatB |JeYs | ANg ‘suorpeas SuNod ayp
Buowre woySunsajas hq puegsny spapja.0 ysano] v woyade:
‘syaas Ape] Sunok paruzeur Aytddequn ue Ateurqnopon "puegsty
Joy SuIpreSar soysias Jay adaooe asnur ay ey Sumpuersiapun
qf yp ‘4pey paiuewr e ano Kew aysiu y "uaddey 01 uMoUy
uaaq sey a1 YBnoypye "uoNWUTUNsUOD JeoIshyd UF yINsax fjpenst
20U S20p aA0] Jo oouEXdaode UY "9dUEP sip YSNos WoL Ure
uewp say]e azour aso] Aew snorsuides 002 st Oya Ape] e YBNoKpeE
‘9084 40 90] apa] Yat sasooyp ays se uns axp1 ada9oe 10 astyos Aww
Ape] ayp ‘pu ap uy "unos ayp jo apnanae ayp a8tuey> 01 10 zorIns
say worn Aqqer0ae} 300] 01 uxeay Pue IYBorp s,4pey axp apens
-zad 01 stuauryst{duiosse saysiuy ayp Jo Suts smopegnan ‘ex


ii
nai

Way

antl,

On Favors
To my ‘Rosamund, fairest rose of Islington,
T recall. earest. that I promised to instruct you
4 1 favors and cheir use, upon your introduction to
che court. As you have indeed reached that point. I
must hew Co my word and inseruce you.

A favor is a token of a lady's affection to the
one who fights for her honor or who holds her heart
Tokens are made to be given away, but with caution
as spreading one's favor among too many may well
result in too many remands for attention, and che
possibility of jealousy among one's swatrs. Por my
‘own pare. Ihave mave chem for my husband. my
lover. my knight and my favorice childe, and so far:
all has proceeded well. T must admit, though; that my <
lover became quite irked to discover that his favor

* bore the same embroidered tree upon it as my chile's

Favors often require a bit of labor on one's
pare. If nothing else, their creation encourages you
not to be coo liberal wich yourself, Examples include
a piece of embroiery. scraps of the cloth used in your
last gown, or che ribband that was last woven
through your hair. For my own part. when my

\ gowns are being made, Trequest that at least one
extra sleeve be cut. for it be a ching of beauty when
. your kaight rides out wearing your colors on his arm. «

Like all other chings. favors may be read like

books. provided one has been taughit to read chem

< Consider the following example: a Lady gifts her
hotight with a favor created on purple cloth and
decorated with a she-tider. a dragon couchant, and an

? oak blasted. "While this might seem innocuous enough,
consider che symbols themselves — the she-eiger for
vanity, the xagon couchant suggesting passivity and
the oak blasted for scerilicy. "What to hin looks like
a token of valor is in fact an insule on her part
"Whether chis insult were intended or not és another
matter for you to learn.

— Isouda de Blaise, from her letter

On the whole, the Courts of Love have not been widely
accepted among many of the clans. The Brujah, though they are

ed by the ideals put forth, remain somewhat suspicious —

bout the "games" played they find off-putting. Such
naysayers are the youth of the clan; the elders are some of our
favorite visitors. The Ventrue and Lasombra, by their very natures,
find the courts to be ide: unds and enjoy them. True, they
have attempted to usurp the courts for their own many times, but
they have consistently met with failure. To the credit of these
would-be paragons of amour, they do know when to admit defeat
when it comes to them.
Isee the sky lightening to the east. Off to bed with you, and

quickly! Those eyes will look a sight if they are red with wakeful-

ness. Until the morrow, sweet one.


SSUASDAS WGA
See 7: A

HE CAmNITE CODE OF CHIVALRY

codes. The members of the newer orders have taken to modifying the Via according to their personal beliefs, ©
popular writings and agreements of the members, By the time some Cainites are finished, the code's original ==
intent is hardly recognizable. What follows is an approximation of the original. <
1 — Thou shalt be honorable and fair-minded in thy dealings with others.
2 — Thou shalt stand firm and recoil not before thine enemy.
3 — Thou shalt respect those above thee.
4 — Thou shalt succor and aid the weak if they call upon thee.
5 =Thoushalthold the honor of thy lady, thy lord and thy charges fast to thee. Ifthis honor be lost, thou
SS must avenge it. fee
6 — Thou shalt regard all men with equal merit.
7 —Thou shalt shelter the women of this world with thy sword arm, thy strength and thy honor,
__8—Thou shalt not break thy word. 4

9 —Thou shalt not abuse the trust and charge placed in thee.

10 — Thou shale treat thy opponent with respect due a peer.

Ofcourse, the code has been reinterpreted many times to foster a particular group's views and wishes. For
instance, Item Eight has been interpreted with the corollary "...to thy fellow Cainites," or only to nobility;
‘what one does with regard to mortals, peasants or animals is another matter. Likewise, Item Six has been ~~

ixS. rewritten with "men" indicating only Christian Cainite males of noble birth, all Christian noblemen (Cainite
ormortal), every born male, or every "person" (which could exclude Moslems, Gangrel, Malkavians, peasants
and whoever else doesn't fit the knight's conception of affairs). The current claim is that the code is but a.
borrowing from something much older. The attributed author, one Aloyius D'Etienne, has hedged about his
inspiration, buvin one of his less guarded moments mentioned a set of fragile scrolls that held a code written
in aurious hand, the gist of which he found to his liking.

For those who'uphold the code in its highest form, their clanmates' casual rearrangement of the "truth"
of the code is seen asa violation of everything that chivalry is meant to represent, namely a system of dealing
with one's peers, superiors, foes and underlings with honor and efficiency. Those who interpret the code too
liberally may find themselves being hunted by their fellow Cainites for their crimes and forced to "quest" to. .
cleanse their stained honor. These code-breakers often do not return, as they are sent on tasks that are often

~ designed to kill the quester — searches for holy relics or pilgrimages are common. Those who survive their
‘tests and return to Cainite life are rarely wholly accepted back; often their experiences change and harden
z them, sometimes driving them down another Via, sometimes sending them into the arms of Golconda.

73
‘S

Z
Gs
=

The knightly orders of Cainites are among the first to
wholeheartedly embrace chivalry as an ideal and a belief
system. Some of our scholars speculate that the Toreador of
these orders were also the creators of the Via Equitum, and
there's little to contradict the speculation, Where the orders
themselves came from is another matter. I've heard every

bird-brained theory imaginable, so I am uninterested in

IN THE HALL oF Don
HECTOR GONZAGA

Enter, childe, and do not hang about the door like a
starving dog. You are a Toreador, after all; your sire would not
be pleased to see such mopery from you.

So, you came to learn of the orders, then. Do you seek

entrance to their ranks? Hmmph, they do not take those as
ait to see if you will trip
over your sword-belt first before they consider you. Better to
letyouskewer yourself playingatknight in the courtyard than
on the battlefield. Still, | know something of your sire, and
know that it was he who sent you. Sit there, and listen, then,
for | dislike repeating myself.

new to the blood as yourself — they

further speculation on the matter. The orders themselves
typically claim divine ordinance or inspiration from. the
Hospitallers and Templars, among whose numbers you will
find a few of our own.

Some Cainites find the very idea of Cainite knightly
orders to be foolish or misguided. Others are intrigued at the
notion of a familiar kine organization modified to meet our
particular needs. For now, | will speak only of those which

BOOK ONE: TOREADOR


have been founded by and are ruled by Toreador. Members
of other clans may petition for entrance, or, if they show
ry stomach for it, they may be invited to join,
but outsiders are afforded few mistakes. In the case of the
Chanticleerans, the outsider's first error is usually his last.

The White Company — Modeling themselves after
such flowers of knighthood as Galahad and Parsifal, these
Cainites hold themselves to strict vows of honor, obedi-
ence to God and celibacy (wherein they refuse to drink
from women for pleasure or have intimate relations of any
kind with Cainite women). They select their members
only after observing them in the field and receiving testi-
monials as to character and honor. These Cainites deal
with the honorless and oathbreakers swiftly. Most identify
themselves with a white sash or unmarked white tabard

The Fellowship of Our Lady — This band of knights
is small, numbering at most nine, but they are remarkable
for their devotion to their ideals of Marianism and the
protection of women. This unusual choice is explained by
their leader, one William Grey, who claims to have been
blessed with a vision of the Virgin when he was on
Crusade, According to him, she charged him with his
mission to protect and assist women, a mission he believes
will cleanse him of his vampiric stain. The fellowship does
not drink from women except under direst circumstances,
and believes that each woman should be treated as the
sister of the Queen of Heaven. William's recent quarrel
with a Ventrue prince of Avignon may have undone them,
however; the Fellowship's knights are now under suspi-
cion of heresy, and Marianism in general has become
highly suspect in the mortal world. Most carry white lilies,
the sign of the Virgin, somewhere on their personal de-
vices or their tack.

The Order of Chanticleer — The order's name refers
to a wily rooster of peasant folk tales. The order is a more
serious matter than children's tales, however, using the
rooster's name to identify their order as hunters of demons
(specifically the Baali). Chanticleerans carry the sign of a
rising sun on their shields to symbolize the cleansing light
of morning, or wear a rooster's plume in their helmets.
Many attempt to push their endurance to stay awake to
greet the dawn, retreating only upon the sun's full en-
trance, The knights' zeal, xenophobia and overbearing
piety have won them few allies, leaving those who call on
them with the dubious task of deciding whether the illness
or the cure is less bearable. The order's fight against the
Baali has brought them into direct conflict with the
Toreador's most decadent elders who lair in the South,
pinioning the Chanticleerans between two tenets of the
Code. Until a decision is made, they hover in uncertainty,
unable to make a move in either direction, and exposing
themselves to the carefully attentive allies of the Baal

the nec

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

THE LIBRARY OF
Mara

One might associate forbidding tomes of secret lore
with the Tremere and Cappadocians, but most would
never consider the Toreador to be repositories of such.
While the Tremere pore over their grimoires of hermetic
lore and the Cappadocians probe the mysteries of death,
the Toreador keep the old libraries of Egypt, Greece and
Rome alive.

As the classical world collapsed under the weight of
the onslaught of barbarians hordes and the excesses of
unbalanced emperors, many Cainites rushed to keep all
extant learning from collapsing into the grave with it,
often hoarding their own personal collections. In tombs,
cellars, musty crawlspaces and caves, the learning of cen-
turies past is collected in scrolls, clay tablets, fragments of
stone and papyrus and books. For now, the Cainites are
content to hide their treasures away, waiting for something
to signal that they may return these works to the world at
large.

The greatest of these secret libraries is the collection
housed in the dry cool air of a cave on Malta, tended there
by a Toreador known only as Simon. Few know if he has a
surname, although he has signed some letters as "ben-
Jacob," a reference to the mortal past he refuses to speak of.
Some clues in Simon's speech and manner have led to
speculation that he was Embraced in the Middle East
during the Roman occupation, perhaps as early as the time
of Christ, and had been well-educated for his time.

Simon receives few visitors, and the mortal knightly
order that headquarters on Malta serves to keep the idly
curious away. Those who do venture to the house Simon
keeps often come on business; unexpected guests are not
welcome unless they can convince him of the urgency of
their business. If a traveler visits in search of a particular
text, he is asked to wait while Simon fetches it from the
cave. Only a privileged handful have ever been permitted
to follow him down the winding trail that leads through
the thickets and into the multi-tiered cavern where the
wisdom of the ages rests.

The cavern itself consists of numerous pocketlike
chambers connected by a single tunnel, all surrounding a
main gallery. On some walls, the remnants of old paintings
may be seen by the flickering light of lamps — human
handprints and animistic creatures painted in faded indigo
and carnelian. In the main gallery is an enormous stone
slab, scored with knife-strikes and marks, and often used as
a reading table. Directly above the appropriated altar are
more paintings, these showing spirals and starlike figures
Simon claims the gallery and chambers are unchanged
from the evening he claimed them.


The first chamber houses mostly minor Greek and Roma
works, largely histories and records, with a few old orations
dry poetry thrown in for good measure. The second chamber
bears strange inscriptions of words written in charcoal and more
indigo paints; some claim thata number of the words are written
in Enochian, the tongue of the First and Second Cities. Poetry,
drama and diaries spanning centuries of Greek and Roman life
fill hischamber. Another holds Arabic writings ofall sorts, from
poetry and religion to royal decrees. The fourth, somewhat lower
inlevel, holds"barbarian" works, includingaset of wooden sticks
inscribed with Druidic glyphs; a leering human face adorned
with animallike ears and teeth watches visitors here. Below the
fourth, in a tiny room, the doorpost of which is inscribed with
Hebrew letters, Simon keeps a prized collection of Hebrew and
Aramaic works. A sixth chamber, painted in camelian warding
symbols and with a Seal of Solomon upon the floor, holds the
darker treasures of Simon's collection — occult lore, demonol-
ogy texts, erotica, and manuals of warfare and torture

One chamber directly off the gallery remains a mys-
tery even to Simon himself. Blocked off by a single massive
stone inscribed with the symbol of a cedar tree, the cham-

ber has been sealed since Simon took possession of the

. He has never been behind the stone, and has refused
all offers to have the place excavated. If it is a burial
chamber, no irate spirits have made their displeasure
known. Simon has sensed a presence now and again while
near the stone, but has no other idea what might lurk
within the chamber. For now, the room is allowed to keep
its secrets

The scholar is said to take small collecting excursions
away from Malta to Salerno, Bologna, Palermo and Naples,
where he talks of books with his mortal "peers" and with his
Cainite kin of graver matters. He does not answer summons
to court, and wise Toreador do not attempt such. He has
grown to great influence by virtue of hisage and his work, and
as such has earned his right to privacy. Indeed, Simon has a
number of powerful patrons and supporters who prefer that
his collection remain undisturbed, but the scholar himself is
quite capable of defending his privacy and his possessions.
Once, a loutish Ventrue thought to teach the "doddering
elder" a lesson and tore a prized Hebrew parchment to shreds
before Simon's eyes. What happened next has remained a
secret between the Ventrue and Simon, but the mention of
Simon's name causes the Ventrue to cringe.

The new universities have become Simon's most re-

project." Supplied with copies of a number of his

, several teachers shape young mortal minds on a

dy course directed specifically by Simon through the

texts "found" in his library. He seems to take great delight

in choosing what will and will not be taught, as if he is

enjoying a perverse revenge or advancingan agenda known

only to him. Other elders who are likewise taking interest

in the universities rarely interfere with Simon's whims,
either out of friendship or a healthy respect for him

as

Yh

UUW

th

Us

eae.
"it Fada:

it
Sb hb Be:
diate

E: TOREADOR


RELATIONS WITH
OTHERS

ASSAMITES

My teacher had been largely silent on my progress
except to criticize me. I had begun to believe that I was indeed
the fool that Jacques called me for this quest to Andalusia. I had
been at the forge for the better part of the evening, striving to
master the stroke that Master Ibrahim has said is the basis for
all I will learn. The master entered, and did inspect my work,
and spoke but little of it, merely pointing out where I had pulled
too short or had struck too hard. I was as much ange with
myself as with he, and when he-had left, I was muc
Then, there came a visitor to the Yorge, another of the /
clan by his swarthy skin, and he seemed surprised by my
appearance. We exchanged talk, and he inspected my work as
well, speaking words of praise, the first | had heard in months. I
had not thought they would be such balm to my soul. Then he
said how rare it was that Master Ibrahim tolerated the presence
of an infidel — I must possess skill indeed if he took such pains
with me..

wwncast
ssassin

— Denis D'Orleans, from his personal recollections

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 2

Many Toreador have been drawn to the Holy Land since
before Joshua first marshaled his troops with trumpets, at-
itecture andartcontained
"Ie seems that everything

tracted by the divinely inspired
within. As one visitor remark
they do becomes art in some way, whether it be the way they
make war, forge a sword, or paint tiles in a mosque." The
residents of the Levant see these foreigners with justifiable
suspicion, but the desire to share knowledge often overcomes
distrust. In the end, many artisans (and Artisans) are pleased
to have such willing pupils as the western Toreador are apt to
be. During the era of the Abassid Caliphates, the exchange
program between western Toreador and eastern Assamites
thrived, and the very finest Toreador crafters can still boast of
some time of study in the Holy Land. In Europe, Moorish
outposts in Spain see the occasional Artisan visitor, depend
ing of course on the current state of relations between the
Lasombra and Toreador

reat deal more to

led to see the other

Assamites and Toreador would hav
talk about, if both sides could be persua
without the blinders inflicted by their progenitors. Toreador
love of philosophy would find a fitting match among those
Assamites who debate the issues of the Q'uran as well as the
older theories of the Greeks, while Assamite
well use the webs of contacts and favors that the Toreador spin

ssassins could

to their advantage


BrujAu

Hear them now, how they cry at the gates!

My brothers in arms, take up your spears

And know that this is the last of all nights

Already I hear Tamar, the Rose of the White Wall,
wailing for her lost one,

The Scholar Relan, first to fall, her name upon his lips.

The war-beasts, and the creatures they ride, batter the
gates again!

Let us all die together then, if they will not let us live!

—Curran o'Liam, Clan Brujah, from the epic "Dirge of
Carthage"

Memories of Carthage and Dacia still ring loud for many
of the elder Toreador and the childer they raised to the
tradition of humanism. The elders of the clans continue to
debate philosophy and history when they meet, and elder
Brujah are frequent visitors to Toreador courts. Some of the
oldest among both clans maintain friendships dating back to
the founding of Carthage, or even earlier. Unwise is the
neonate who probes too deeply into the roots of such alliances,
though.

Many of the younger Brujah who have become enamored
of chivalry find themselves among Toreador, occasionally to
the Zealots' disgruntlement. The Toreador insistence on
manners and decorum can nettle even the most reasonable
scholar-soldier, and many's the Brujah currently on quest as
punishment for losing his temper in front of the Queen of
Love. Likewise, the Toreador emphasis on certain standards of
conduct for battle is even more of a thorn in the Brujah's
collective side. Having grown used to a certain measure of
egalitarianism from their clan, young Brujah who were not of
"noble birth" often receive a rude shock when confronted
with the elitism of the Toreador.

CAPPADOCIANS

«Thad thought I would but briefly enter to make a quick
study of the decaying corpse for my latest rendition of ‘Death and
the Maiden.' After all, the air in such places is noisome and
unhealthy, even for those like ourselves who need not taste it. 1 was
just turing away from the body I had chosen for my examination
when it sat up and spoke to me, inquiring as to my purpose. Once
Thad recovered my ghastly shock, the cadaver assured me that it
was of the same great family as I, and proceeded to demonstrate
something of its powers by resuming a form more familiar, which
twas that of a'young man just beyond the bloom of youth, with skin
ascold and pale as that of one advanced in years within the
Embrace. We proceeded to discourse on the nature of death, and
such was his skill at debate that I nigh forgot the morning's
approach. He suggested that I spend the day within the confines of
the crypt, which I did, having little other choice. When I rose next,
he had gone, but I returned to find a strange fire suffusing my
thoughts, ‘Death and the Maiden' having become less a picture and
more a window to my strange encounter...

— Sebastien of Tours, excerpt from his memoirs

When they can be dragged away from their books,
Cappadocians can make remarkable partners for discourse
on mortality and temporality. Most Toreador shudder at
the thought of death and the afterlife; to a clan obsessed
with beauty, the Cappadocians are uncomfortable remind-
ers of all life's fragility. Rare is the Toreador who can stand
a Graverobber's company for long, though. Some Epicure-
ansare repulsed by their corpselike appearances, and refuse
to stay long in the same room with them. However,
Cappadocian insights into death provide the more morbid
members of the clan with much food for thought. Recently
anoted Toreador stonecutter began to cultivate interest in
the Cappadocians, for reasons few wish to speculate on. In
truth, he has been commissioned to carve gargoyles, and
has gone to the Clan of Death, hoping that they might
have something to tell him about the inhabitants of Hell.
So far, his meetings have been quite informative...

GANGREL

I know them well, brothers and brother-beasts,

Know them by their elf-locks and the spiral

They have painted in blue upon their breasts

They make songs in their throats like the wolf-songs

That salute the moon when she shows her face

When they sing their battle-songs — cry aloud, mortals,

And hide your eyes in fear of those that flash by,

Killers of the black Formorian host

Slayers of Rome's shining ten thousand

Whose war-cries are better than a lover's sighs!

— Padraic, "Song of Brendan"

When discussing Gangrel, most Toreador tend use
words like "noble," "remarkable," "savage" — words that
could be used with equal accuracy to describe animals in
the forest. As far as the bulk of Toreador are concerned,
there's not much difference. The only places where the

Artisans and Animals have reached any sort of under-
standing is the British Isles. In Ireland, it might even be

said that the clans have something of an alliance, though
neither would be likely to call it friendship if asked. In
England, relations are less "passionate," but the groups at
least accept each other as part of the landscape. In other
portions of Europe, Gangrel are disdained, if not openly
spurned, by the Toreador. Some unfortunate enough to be
captured are treated quite literally as animals by Toreador
who think themselves droll; the unluckiest are occasion-
ally "kept" at court, as if in a menagerie, although the
"keeper" usually keeps such a fact a tight secret — Gangrel
who slip their chains are terrifying sights to behold. In
short, unless a Gangrel can demonstrate he's not simply
another bearskin-clad, muscle-bound savage, then he won't
get particularly far with any Artisan

FOLLOWERS OF SET
I would sooner hurl myself bodily into the holy fire of
our Lord's wrath before following a Serpent to the gates that St

BOOK ONE: TOREADOR


Peter himself mans. What is truly frightening is that the
Serpents' most devoted followers give themselves unto corrup-
tion of their own accord, and with all willingness and joy
Truly, the greatest corruption occurs when the follower is
unaware that he is so marred.

— Dieter Geisfleich, from a speech given at the court of
Avignon

In the south where decadence rules, the Setites have
gained a frightful foothold among the jaded elders. They
encourage the excess that has become standard in secret
Elysiums, and often supply drugged vitae for these dens of
iniquity. Likewise, they encourage traffic in the vice trades
— slavery, drugs, prostitution. A member of the White
Company, Dieter Geisfleich, claims to have found evi-
dence that the Setites (and certain of their Toreador
cohorts) are responsible for the disappearances of women
and children traveling on pilgrimage through the southern
regions to the Holy Land. Younger Toreador believe quite
firmly that the Serpents are responsible for the elders'
descent, and shun them for the devils they are

LASOMBRA

...In conclusion, Your Excellency, I believe that Lady
Isouda will make a fine addition to our circle of friends. A few
months without our attendance at the courts, or responses to
gambits proffered, and we enjoy the sight of that lovely lady
crawling back to us

—Paulo de Castille, Lasombra, from an intercepted
letter to Don Simon Isidore

As for the ridiculous notion that I could be broughe to

my knees by the loss of you and your kind from my court,
might I remind Your Lordship that your current quest for the
Court of Love is yet unfinished, and that you may not return
until itis complete — no amount of judicious prestation,
dealmaking or outright begging will grant you entrance until
then. But, I beg you, do continue your blustering if you wish.
Your letters bring us a great deal of amusement.

— Isouda de Blaise, from her reply to the above letter

Most Cainites believe the Ventrue and Toreador to be
the ultimate sparring partners, warring with each other over
matters of state and Church for greater control. After all, are
there few pairs better matched than the stately Patricians and
the beautiful Artisans? Propose the idea to a Ventrue, and he

will agree. Propose the idea to a Toreador, and she will laugh

In private, Toreador believe their true counterparts are
the predatory and elegant Magisters. It is the Lasombra who are
considered the pinnacle of political maneuvering, and the
Toreador seek the pinnacle in all things. By this logic, one's
opponents, therefore, should be chosen from the pinnacle of
achievement as well. Oh, the Ventrue still have their place
(someone has to fund those works of art and maintain the
courts), but their intrigues are seen, in the end, to be predict-
able. Ventrue are fine for the childer to cut their political teeth

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

on, but the Lasombra are a challenge; enemies who will last
as long as their opponents, and foes with as much style and
grace as their counterparts.

MALKAVIANS

Most astonishing of all was the Malkavian who was kept
chained to the throne as a prophet or diviner of some sort. He
practiced augury to work his second sight, using the entrails of
living kine — the very old, the very young, women, hale men,
whatever was brought to him. During the time I spent as your
guest, I became inured to a great many disturbing sights.
However, voivode, I think that even you would be moved by
the suffering that these kine endured for the sake of a Madman'
attempt to call upon prophecy.

—Lida Mateuz, froma letter to the voivode Vlad Ionescu

Although the Malkavians are viewed as macabre, pitiable
lunatics by the majority of the Toreador, the Toreador of the
south have a great deal of use for them as prophets and visionar-
ies. Talesof human-based augury, prophesy by observingspattered
blood and using mortals as the "planchette" of certain forms of
divination are but a few of the more scurrilous rumors of the
behaviors ascribed to the Madmen — and more than a few of
those tales are true. Needless to say, such poor deportment has
not endeared the Malkavians to their "more civilized" brethren;
not only is their scrying inefficiently cruel, it lacks style.

The Toreador who does discover a reasonably lucid
Malkavian makes what use she may of the resource. The Mad-
men are considered to be "sleeper" allies by most, and a sudden
rush of Malkavian support to the Artisans' side has been enough
totum the tide of politics in more than one court. The Malkavian
who can make himself understood and interpret the madness of
his brothers often finds himself tolerated, but rarely beloved.
From where the Toreador sit, however, this is sufficient

In return for whatever help the Malkavians provide, Torea-
dor within the Church have worked to keep inter-clan relations
friendly by ensuring that certain monasteries under their aus-
picescare for the insane—herding lunatics where the Mal

can access them easily.

NosFERATU

I would give a great deal to be rid of the Leper Ximenes
He grants me no peace, even when I am at Mass. Today he
fawned upon me when I came from the church, wailing for all
to hear that he was but a poor beggar craving sustenance, when
in fact he wished only to embarrass me before the bishop. That
he has also besmirched with offal my prize coat with the Virgin
broidered upon it in silver thread has given me cause to hate
him. Surely there is some task I could set him to from which he
would not return.

— Vassily of Kiev, from his personal writings

The average Artisan would rather die than be seen in the
company of these ugly and disgusting creatures. The Nosferatu's
constant railings about the first being last and whatnot, mixed


with a healthy dose of sundry other pseudo-Biblical rants,
make for tiresome company. Even the Toreador chivalric
orders find their patience continually tested by the excesses of
the Nosferatu. To those seeking information, Nosferatu are
invaluable, but the Lepers' attempts to outshine the Toreador
in piety does not win them friends. The Nosferatu may have
excellent sources of information, but caveat emptor is the
Artisans' rule of thumb when buying such information; veri-
fying the secrets the Nosferatu sell ofttimes requires going
where the Nosferatu go, which few Toreador are willing todo.

There's little worse fora Toreador than getting tricked by
a Nosferatu using Obfuscate on his appearance, a trick at
whichanumber of the Lepersare becomingskilled. A Nosferatu
who plays such a jape may win the approbation of his fellows,
but also earns the eternal enmity of the butt of his joke.

RAvNos

In short, my lord, I demand recompense for the loss of
both my purse and my dignity, thanks to this ruffian who dared
accost me outside my very haven. If you have not the strength
to deal with the criminal elements of our society — indeed, it
would seem that you tolerate them — then perhaps it were meet
that the Cainites of this city find one who can

—Lord Giacomo del Amici, letter tothe Dued'Aquitaine
Pierre Capet

Ifa Toreador knows a Ravnos as anything besides a thief
and trash, he keeps it a tight secret or suffers a serious loss of
status. The Gypsies are considered fascinating and amusing in
the way that a Cathayan puzzle box might be, but most
Artisans would never approach or associate with Ravnos, as
they are considered "unfit company." Those who dare the
wrath and disapproval of their elders find exciting times with
theRavnos, and return as consummate performers, but forever
after those venturesome Toreador will be seen as untrustwor-
thy, and will find themselves the first to be suspected of any
crime. Toreador who have been Ravnos marks likewise do
their best to keep the knowledge a secret, although there's
always going to be some overly fastidious lord who demands
that the prince "dosomething" about the ruffians who stole his
beggar purse.

TREMERE

Ie is not so much that we approve of their deeds, but that
we have certain ideas about what needs our attendance and
that does not. The Tremere situation is one of those things that
does not need attention at this time, that is all. This does not
mean that I was not annoyed by the antics of that idiot wizard
and his pet witch when they invaded court improperly dressed
and displaying an appalling tack of manners. I think that the
humiliation they suffered will be enough to silence them for at
least the next three months, while I choose an appropriate long-
term punishment for them

— Nicolette Foudet, speaking to clanmate
Isabeau Monstrelet

For most Toreador, the fact that the Tremere strode in
demanding their place among the clans is more of an outrage
than Saulot's death. A few elders have grown uneasy about the
ease with which Tremere accomplished Saulot's subsumption,
and fear that the Tremere will soon be searching for other
prizes. The Toreador's slowness to spring into the fray to
protect the Salubri has a few Tremere believing they might
have allies among the Artisans, but the Usurpers' recent,
clumsy attemptsat bribery have resulted in their being laughed
out of many a court
TZIMISCE

My dear, I could not begin to tell you of the wonders that I
have seen here. Shall I speak of the fires and dances of Kupala's
Night? Shall I speak of my host himself, with a face that the
Powers and Thrones would mistake for one of their own? Shall
I speak of the labyrinth below the keep, wherein I have seen
things that not even nightmares can craft? Shall I speak of my
lessons and the marvelous gifts my host has awakened in me?
Or shall I tell you that when I return, your reign as court
beauty will be ended when I have finished with you?

— Isabella de Aragon, from a letter to an unknown rival

Some Toreador strike up strange friendships with the
Tzimisce after becoming enchanted with a beautiful
fleshcrafted face. Occasionally, the Tzimisce have worked
Vicissitude on particularly persuasive Toreadors, granting
them the visages of angels (although what the price is for such
few like to speak of). As for those Toreador who like to
explore the fine lines between pain and pleasure, they prefer
to have Tzimisce as their companions. In the south, Tzimisce
find themselves much in demand among the dissolute who
enjoy pain, whether as spectacle or experience. Younger and
less experimental Toreador usually give the Fiends a wide
berth, treating them as mad tyrants to be humored but
avoided whenever possible

VENTRUE
And therefore, my most gracious lord, it is with great

sadness that I must decline your invitation to your Christmas
court. Lady Franziska, of your clan I believe, sent me a fine
offer to attend her at her Christmas court and to oversee certain
of the festivities. The choice was quite clear, particularly after
you had announced that Edward Blackwater would be selecting
the entertainments. Edward, while no doubt a Ventrue of
sterling character, lamentably lacks something of your sense of
taste. I feared that you would be embarrassed by his efforts,
especially before your friends, and as such sought to spare you
that embarrassment. I submit to you once again my humblest
apologies that I will miss your celebration.

— Corbett Duncan, from a letter to Prince Gerholm

Most Toreador, given their choice on a Sabbath
evening, would much rather be ruled by Ventrue princes.
Ventrue usually give the Toreador enough space to let
them do as they will, but also keep them close to the seat

BOOK ONE: TOREADOR


‘1yBru oy 10} pamias sey aouarpne
s,A1oas oy Ways YaTUISIAATIS [EDO] By 10} []e9 INg ‘mou 10}
saqea asaup sstusip Apot{gnd zopeaso y ayy ‘sowes Suuny
asiaasad ul pasn 40 sSop ayy] Surwaopiad our pareurwog
Buraq sautdn7] jo syvads adoinq jo yanos ays woy Ino
Burz0a]1y Iva ay Jo oWos ‘puey JoyI0 942 UE "spjia\ aya
on daay sourdny aup apiya ‘a]2se9 pue uaor jo Arayes aya
sgjoad sanrures aya se ‘sautdn saiunooua Ayazes suestay
salutes 3sv9] Iv are JouBuRD ax "|e Joye — Ja1BUeH
uvy2 JoMO] W9AI siseaq paxapIsuoD are saAjomara/y\

SaNIdn]

taqnyeg ata yam op o2 Burrow
avy systuy Jopeaio J aya Jo auO AsaAa dey Surpuewap Aq,
afuaaaz sty sae ursseony Juaroue ue IY? NWN sdisso3
ay pur ‘Ury syarweg asureSe aBuaaar azoms ursseony
‘parpnsuy "wry pasnyas ‘sue Ie [[P4s 10 UOOAap s,arUIED,
Bunod ay YIM passoadwrun ‘Jarweg ang ‘sio1zeM jo
pueq sty ulof 02 jatureg ino 1yBnos pey UIsseoNYy "UIsseoNy
se AJUO UMOUY JOpeasO], & pue Jarueg Uaamaag Jarzenb
B 01 ANp UdIYIVIq May JO Sa1I9 ay O2 sea Atay aso]>
sopeaio | Jo siystuy aya ey parsadBns sey (souaey pue
ngvsjsoNf AJe81e]) soounos |AyOMsTUIUN,, Wo, passed
disso 1uozing "s1ysruy saya pur suestary aya wos 2DUd]!s

snourwo ue AU Uaag sey ay "YSNoY ‘Mosear aUZOs 104

uayfe1 aq 01 UOIIDe Yas 10} s|]29 ATUTEI1a9 10UOT] Jo apoD,
ay2 se ‘ULy Uqnjeg HEY BuNsisse UT asa1ayUI aUos Iseay,
3 Davy P[nom sopessoy aya wy? YUTY pnom 2uQ

auis sty 03
30129] B Woy] (OURDSN] Ip Oapewy Ajrowdo}) JaeFEY —

Sopdv]

v fo Cundwios aya ui ry8tu sayroun puads 01 4228 101 pynom

] "Kuvduioo rund am avya sanieq st 11 sdoyiag uay2 ‘uonvayps

40 sdiyspuausf nok upya azout yonos pasaysim sty pup sonvf

saussvony aud not fy ‘au auoys 01 y2as nok upys 240

1vf nok saunys anapuvad fo suoispap yuim spavziav pprs0w

-fyoy fo joquo v fo spoep 2y2 01 onoaddo an13 prnom nok wy L

aBary Ku pup asnvo Koy 03 yaoq uonoaap fo ‘sun 20 104s

fo ‘Casauoy fo you — ajdoad asoys Suown oun Cu ws yoru

pauuva] aavy | *Cauno9 pur uno wouf au umosip pnom

nok ‘Grupa paynsur s,a1u> Bus8p up arvnsadiad 01 posnfax
Cut sof — sn uaamaag siya 2911 pus 01 si 11 ‘0s puy

WaNTHS

3no DUO yas 01 AJay{]] 10U St pu ‘saUT|poojq aya
Jo duo jo aqua v 19W IOU sey UdYO "UE]D Jay Jo 9UO 10}
a8ueas sfaunof spew sey 10 uoTueduios pajaaenn-|jam &
sey ays ssaun ‘opeai0 J aBeroav ay, ,2]doad yons yin
aaeidosse 1,uOp AT]eraUas | pur ‘uonvinda jo 0s ure1199
e aavy Ady ing ‘ways yew 4aAau aay ‘|]a;\,, ‘UoruTdo
ayP spjoy Ajjensn ays 10 ay ‘saurpoojq aatsnjrez ayi
Jo pray sey uorsonb ul sopeaso J aya I~ BurwNssy

@ SINIDONHS SNT

Aeuieyp ap auey 02 19129] & Woy "uorxeD preysHy —
DIU] D auniwaio jnflapuom supp pa]py> 2804
yy sarpoyy yung ayn fo Surssayq ayp payoo ays sau soy |
poo] ayp fo sayoun ur usas sanau poy | 24y sift8 parousuowep
Pun ‘sun 2 11248 a]qvsapisuod 240g ‘UDUL D ay) PauLY svM 24g
"ponuiap som aSvauy soy aouaym aumuuarap 10u pynod | poojg Cu
€q 1ng ‘Cjumwuao anu ‘upwom v pasarunosua | ‘wnuorduss
s ummvps puauif Cut o1 nist asp] Cue wodyy "samorse ways0w Cut
uo sayuow aya fo sarpnas um1u29 01 puvBax yum siaBBipanvic)
ayy Suow awn quads aavy | wys mou Kq panay anvy

nox "puauaf Cui ‘amvjas 01 Sun apqnysvuias yout D avy |

SANITGOOTY SH]

yoIjUoD s9yINy
ploav 01 109 Ue UI AeM JayI0 ay YOO] 02 UNBaq arey
Joquinu & pue ‘uonoeur out wayp pouorurd sey sBuryey
SaVWUE]D UTEIZa9 Jo aSpaymouy ays AJareuNzOjUN HyeEg
Aoasap pue ano 499s 02 uorss1wW euOsIad Oy IF ayeW
suesaajauey ay J "Aqddns qz0ys ut uaag ranau ‘see ‘aay
udT]ey pue pew ay2 ang ‘sare Jo spuaty sastpeurdzuy aya
Jeo wdq]ey 10 peur Ana ay APUG "VOHeArasaI YIN Os OP
Aaya waa ang ‘112g Ino yaas op saunased ,9]qxI00dS<A1,, $89]
auuos Yat aUFadXd 10 ured Jo sue au ApNas O2 Ysim OYA
suesiy asoyy yeeg yam dn oaw saaou Aaya adoy pue
‘soreuouiap aq-Pjnom asoya Jo.1ySnoyp aya ze zappnys Ajduuns
JOpeaio] IOP ‘SIOUX 9yI Jo aWOS UO saystNOy ;eUy
ayp and Aems s19yp zapun asoup 19] Uap pue ‘saayasuiayp
Suey oa yorya yim ador yBnous swias1a say aatB or
aayoid tyeeg oy ‘uoneadwiar 21uowAp Jo UoRpeN pjo ou,
dup uy "pauiofiad rou ‘paudsur saey "paridsur-tpeeg are

JOpeai0 | aya Jo $assaoxa isIOM aya Ing "Aes 02 PES STI]
auuardures)

ap uanazyy 02 saa] & Woy ‘shIza]BA sMrED snI9N7]

AWOY UI HOVE OU auv a4ay.] "2924L09UI 24D $224NOS 4NOK ‘ULL
sv] a4 40. "JaLung UMAR Joy WI asnow D SunaUNoIUa UDLUOM
Plo un ay apanis pup ‘4aUs0d Kuana w SuOWAp as NOX "UEDA
us Kyjonsn si yorym Suncom v ‘wonvooaodd asarysys ayp 10 M019
Kay] "nok paumns annb soy sunveapnunyD ay Suown aun

ano ‘uanaayc) avap Ku ‘4anay 180] 4nOK 01 pupou ypt/A\

TWEE,

squawraarsesip
a|qeaaiSer Buuawos aie aejnonied uy sareis ueW
4199 ayp ‘sue]D oy uaamiaq suoNeIar pasey ur SupjNsar aze
aaeas pure yomnyD waamraq soyse]> Ate 001 UO WoY suOISAI
Bunepessa ‘Jaramoy{ "2]quiipaid 002 annua, ay PUY JOP
-Bal0 | ‘Pua ay? UL INg ‘YaYRoUk auO UF parsazarUt Way daay
03 yonur puy op suepo oma ayy "(purus ur aday are saysta
aaeuTTg]N s,194ng ay Se SUC] Os) sUOIsT99p OUP Jo IsoWW ayEUU
01 opeaio yay SuyMoTye ‘so1ayAse" Jo sxorIEW 02 preSa1
yim suesiiy ayp 02 sajap Apuanbayy suersueg "s1n0>
ay or ,Aineag jo sraBurg,, pue s1ostape [B190s se 1aMod Jo


WRAITHS

While most Toreador don't believe in ghosts, they do
fear and hate them. It is one thing to get delicious chills
from hearing a story about a harp inhabited by the spirit of
a murdered girl, quite another to actually encounter that
harp and hear its strings whisper your name. Toreador who
have attracted ghosts are often shunned by their brethren
as bad luck, and it rarely takes long for the news of such an
affliction to spread. A haunting in a Toreador castle brings
about some very interesting (and often amusing) efforts to
keep guests and outsiders from learning the truth. Torea-
dor fear wraiths asasign of things to come in the afterworld
and despise wraiths for "bringing the subject up."

MacEs

Very few Toreador understand magic beyond simple
parlor tricks or illusions. After all, magic is what those
untrustworthy Tremere do, isn't it? The differences among
hedge magic, parlor tricks and True Magick are lost on the
Artisans; as far as they're concerned magic is magic, and a
magic-worker is a magic-worker. Toreador are careful not
to antagonize mages, but won't go out of their way for
them, or even seek them out except in the most dire of
straits.

Far

In Ireland, England and the other places where the fae
may still be found, curious friendships spring up between the
Toreador and faeries. Many a Toreador falls into madness or
one such

hopeless longing after glimpsing a sidhe's fac
Cainite burned out his eyes after gazing on a sidhe woman,
saying that he would never again see such beauty. Fae are
often drawn to the creative efforts of the Cainites and their
mortal protégés, while the Cainites see the fae as inspiration
tantamount to a visit from an angel (or demon).

In Ireland, Cainites have discovered a convenient
legend with which to cover their tracks — that of the
leanhaun sidhe. Known as the muse of poets, this beautiful
(and legendary) fae woman is also a blood-drinker, slowly
killing her pet artists even as they create rapturous works
asa result of her attentions. A few Toreador have used the
legend of the leanhaun sidhe as a way of explaining away
their trail of victims, but at great risk to themselves; the
sidhe speak of a noble house that goes by the same name,
and which has taken grave insult at the Cainites' actions.
More recently, a young Toreador monk of the Celtic
Church tied himself to a cross to greet the sun after
finishing a masterfully illuminated Gospel of St. Matthew.
While no definite connection has been made between his
death and this legend, his companions speaks fearfully of
the flame-haired beauty who was seen in his company
during those final nights.

BOONS AND
Forreits; NEw
TRAITS

DIVERSITY IN THE RANKS

Artistry is in the mind of the artist, and the best art is
found in enjoying one's existence — or so say the Artisans.
Representational work has its place, of course, but who is to say
whether the Ascetic or the Caligulan has the truer bead drawn,
on "true" art.

THRILL"SEEKER

Many Toreador become sensation-seekers, not necessar-
ily looking for "excitement" per se, but just some way to break
out of the rut their eternal existences provide. Such Cainites
are looked on with scorn by their brethren, particularly since
many engage in "improper" behavior: dabbling with sorcery
and hedge magic, traveling with bards and minstrels in dis-
with religious orders, consorting with
heretics, enlisting with mercenary companies or running with
the other supernaturals. If a Thrill-seeker keeps to himself,
that'sone thing. Ifhe's outof control and adisgrace to theclan,
that's another matter entirely. Peer pressure, often one of the
surest ways to keep wayward members in line, means very little
to this crowd, and elders are likely to take extreme measures to
ensure that potential embarrassments are dealt with effi-
ciently.

ASCETIC

These Toreador are interested in the beauty found in the
serenity of their minds' surroundings. Often they are disen-
chanted with the dissolution found in the Church or among
their own kind. Rather than make a futile attempt at reforma-
tion, such disappointed idealists retreat from the world to live
in acave, cell or some other isolated locale. Such a course of
action is not taken lightly, if for no other reason than the
logistics of feeding. Assorted rumorsclaim that Ascetic Cainites
train their bodies to accept only animal blood, or even to go
without feeding forseveral daysata time. Many Toreador (and
not a few other Cainites) believe that the sort of rigorous
training that the Ascetics supposedly inflict on themselves is
one of the first steps on the path to Golconda; Salubri often

guise, taking von

recommend it for those who live in a highly secular society
(such as the Toreador). Ascetics do not often retreat entirely
from the call of their blood, though; a number practice mysti-
cism, taking instruction from Sufis and hermits and producing
remarkable writings and poetry on the relations of God and
Man. This theological diversion is perhaps the most important
reason the majority of Toreador Ascetics do not go insane from
boredom in isolation.

BOOK ONE: TOREADOR


PATRO

Patrons enjoy creating people, shaping them and helping
them to become their very best — so that in doing so, the;
become a credit to their patrons. For these self-appointed
patricians, their artis the shaping of a new personality from old
clay. They take their charges completely under their wings, see
to their education, outfit them, and otherwise transform them.
How Patron spots her diamond in the rough varies, but she will
putforth her best efforts to ensure a fine finished product, and the
subject had better put forth the same. Training methods also
vary, and some call upon startling cruelty to make certain the
charge learns her lessons. Patrons often call bills due at some
later point in time, expecting recompense from their former
"projects" forservices rendered. Wise beneficiaries comply; fools
resist and suffer the slings and arrows of an outraged Cainite's
wrath. A Patron who feels she has been taken for granted or
wronged is a frightening sight, for she will not stop until she has
taken back her pound of flesh, preferably from her ungrateful
protege's heart.

HuMANIst

Humanists believe in mortals — specifically, in their
ability to commit great good or great evil, and in their
creativity and their worth. These Cainites do not see humans
as perfect (far from it), but they do believe that mortals have
gifts to give and Cainites are wrong simply to shove them
aside. Humanists struggle to keep their connections to their
own humanity alive, which grants them some empathy with
mortal struggles and fears. Their art is frequently some of the
most beautiful of all that the Toreador create, for it touches
the hearts of its viewers and reminds them, however fleet-
ingly, of what they have lost. The mortals Humanists choose
to interact with often come away less "damaged" than they
might in dealings with some other Cainites, Humanists fre-
quently have their fingers well-placed on the pulse of the
mortal community, andare some of the best-informed Cainites
with regards to incipient changes among the living

CALIGULAN
These Toreador are labeled such by their brethren in
response to what more staid Toreador perceive as horror and
hame perpetrated on the clan. Cainites dubbed Caligulans
believe not only that vampires are monsters who ought to revel
in their monstrosity, butalso that "the needs of the blood" must
be satisfied without remorse or pity. They study forbidden arts of
torture and experiment with living subjects, adjusting their
works until the pitch of the victim's scream reaches a pleasing
note. Such Cainites also bathe in blood (in Roman bath houses
when they can find them) in an effort to keep the bloom of
mortality, and often flaunt their vampiric nature before any and
all mortals they meet. They use the list of the Seven Deadly Sins
asa checklist of an evening's entertainments, and are prone to
murmuring, "Amusing....", "I had not thought of that...."
"mitator...." during tales of cruelty.

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 2

EpicuREAN

The image of the Epicurean is what most readily comes to
mind when one imagines a "typical" Toreador: the fops, the
temperamental artisans, the snobbish padrones — they are all
Epicurean to one extent or another. Some are actively snob-
bish, others take advantage of luxury after living so long
without it, and the rest simply believe this sort of demeanor to
be their due as Toreador. Itis rare to find an Epicurean looking
sloppy or untidy, acting without manners (that is, courtly
manners — politeness is another thing), or drinking from
slovenly vessels. Many Toreador begin as Epicureans and find
other, less stereotypical niches as time passes.

New Discipnine Uses
Artist's INTENT (LEVEL 3 Auspex)

By this gift, a Toreador may penetrate the "soul" of the
inanimate artwork she is examining. Through such examination,
she may better interpret the work, perhaps even gleaning the artist's
state of mind, the relation between artist and work, and the stages of
the creative process itself. Much of this reveals itself through aseries
of progressively palerimagesas she looks furtherback into the work's
past. Some Toreador use this to critique a piece, while others utilize
the ability to monitor their patronages for unspoken rebellion or
sadness, orgetthe "real" story behind the letterproposinganalliance.

So far, this Discipline has proven unusable on "living" work,
such asa play in performance, songs or pieces of music being played,
orastory being told. Speculation on the reasonsfor this suggests that
such work depends on and conveys, however unconsciously, the
performer's intent, whereas an inanimate piece is unlikely to be
"tainted" by such.

System: The player rolls Perception + Auspex (difficulty 7) for
each work she wishes to examine. The number of successes deter-
mineshow much she perceives of the work. The difficulty rises ifshe
attempts to "read" a piece with multiple artists or a long creation
span. Items such as cathedrals, castles and the like will leave the
Toreador a gibbering vegetable from informational overload.

1 success — General feelings, no historical context ("The
artist was melancholy while creating this.")

2 successes — More specific, a vague sense of history ("He
was melancholy when she started this, but I believe he grew
happier as the work progressed. Perhaps he grew to like his
subject, or something changed in his life.")

3 successes — Details emerge, along with a fuzzy historical
outline ("He didn't like the subjectat first, and he hated the work
because of it, butaftera while, heand the subject gotalongbetter,
and the work went better.")

4 successes — You have a definite idea about the artist'
emotional state, and a fairly reasonable idea of the timeline of
the work's creation.

5 successes — You can see the work in stages, and know
how the artist was feeling every step of the way


MELUsINE's SONG (LEVEL 6 PRESENCE)

Named for the legendary (and supposedly fae) progenitor
of the Anjou and Lusignan houses, this power grants a Torea-
dor the ability to sway another though song. Ifthe Artisan can
phrase her requests in song form, those words take on the
power of nigh-irresistible commands.

System: Initiating this power costs two points of blood
andapoint of Willpower, at which poine the player must write
down for the Storyteller both the suggestion she wishes to
weave into her songand the nature of the song itself. All those
in earshot must immediately roll Willpower (difficulty 8) or
submit to the request without realizing they are doing so. The
effect lasts for as longas the Toreador continues to singor until
the target leaves the singer's presence. Commands that re-
quire the victim to leave the Toreador's presence can be
resisted with an additional Willpower roll (difficulty 8) once
the sound of that enchanting voice fades.

Those within earshot, but not in the Toreador's immedi-
ate presence, may notice something odd (Wits + Subterfuge,
difficulty 8) about the ensorcelled singing, but little more than
an exceptionally good performance. Toreador within earshot
of this sort of performance are immediately entranced.

Asan additional bonus, knowledge of this power reduces
the difficulty by 1 of all rolls related to singing.

Diptomat's Boon (LEVEL 5 PRESENCE,
LEVEL 3 AUsPEX)

A diplomat's most difficult task is understanding what
people need to hear in order to make them agreeable to a
suggestion. With this power, a Toreador may learn what it is
that a target wants to hear. The power does not necessarily
reveal all of the views of the Cainite's target, but it does grant
invaluable information which can then be put to good use in
negotiation, avoidance of treachery and so on.

Despite its innocuous-sounding name, Diplomat's Boon
isnotalways used for peaceful matters. Enemies may be allied,
marriages arranged and wars started with proper application of
this knack,

System: The player spends a blood point and has her
character concentrate for one turn on her subject. She then
knows what to say to elicit a particular response. If the
character is attempting to further an idea that the target
believes fundamentally wrong (such as convincing a pacifist
monk to propose wat, or a happy person to consider suicide),
the target is permitted a Willpower roll (difficulty 8). The
effects last for one turn.

Douse-TONGUE (LEVEL 6 PRESENCE,
Levet 3 Auspex)

The Toreador may cloak her words in such a way that her
target hears one thing — the intended message — and those
around her hear another thing entirely. The listener does not
hear the intended message on a subconscious level — the
words sound as clear as if the Toreador had spoken them

herself (which she did). Those who use this power on a regular
basis describe it as imagining that the true message is buried in
words around it, like so: "Good day. I am How are a Toreador
and you? Would you hear my you like true words to take a thus
walk?" The audience hears: "Good day. How are you? Would
you like to take a walk?," while the target hears: "I am a
Toreador, and you hear my true words thus."

This power has any number of practical uses. A popular
one is to "discipline" a servant or a knight (while in fact
praising him for a job well done). Another is during diplomatic
relations, when the Toreador may sing melting phrases about
aking's goodness, when in fact he's letting his real target know
thathe finds said king tobea laughable poltroon. In the Courts
of Love, Double-Tongue has proved invaluable to many a lady
who wishes to inform her knight that she does in fact accept
his attentions, but must publicly refuse him. Such an ability
also makes for valuable messengers; the most sensitive of plans
may be hidden within the earthiest of nonsense rhymes.

System: This lasts for one turn per Willpower spent. To
discover out how well the message was conveyed, the player
must roll Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty of 10 minus
listener's Perception)

Merits AND FLAWS
Fetcu @ pt. Merir)

You have access to a mortal who looks just like you
Pethaps she's your twin sister, a long-lost relative, someone
who has been Vicissituded or simply very good at disguise.
Unless she is ghouled, however, she will age and eventually no
longer be your double. Your fetch may move about during the
day, conducting your business and keeping up your semblance
ofa mortal life — but also commits actions for which you will
be held responsible. Remember, your fetch should be kept
carefully informed regarding your relationships and business

dealings

Patron (2-4 pt. Merit)

You have at
who has made it her job to see that you succeed. Perhaps you
gained her attention because of your lineage, pethaps because
of your artwork, or something you did or said. Whatever the
reason, you have someone who will champion your work and
speak up for you in the courts. She may even arrange for shelter
or training. Be careful not abuse your Patron — no one likes
being taken for granted. A two-point Patron is someone who
is about your own level in clan station, but is perhaps older
than you and has good advice to offer. A four-point Patron has
resources at her disposal and occupies a station high enough to
make a significant difference in your unlife.

CLosER THAN Bioop (3-5 pt. Merit)

You have an affinity with another Cainite (most likely a
Toreador, but possibly one of another clan) not brought about
Blood Oath or other artificed means. You would lay down your

BOOK ONE: TOREHDOR

ted the attention of another Toreador,


unlives for each other, and you feel empry without the other
nearby. Such bonds can be same sex or opposite sex, and there
is no way to predict who your "twin" will be. A 3-point Merit
indicates that you occasionally can sense the other's strong
emotions (fear, joy, pain) if your "twin" is in the vicinity. A 5-
point Merit means that you often sense the other's emotions,
even at a distance, and can feel the other's physical pain or
peril.

Toucuep By Gop (3 pt. Merit)

Your art is considered truly inspired and inspiring. There
is an essence of life and beauty about your work that moves
others. Perhaps you were always gifted, or the Embrace might
have opened you to the Almighty in ways you hadn't ex-
pected. Your singing voice causesstonesto melt, your paintings
look as if their subjects might step off the canvas at any
moment, or your storytelling holds people utterly spellbound.
The difficulty on all Expression rolls is reduced by two. If the
art being produced relates to God, the Church or similar high
ideals, the difficulty is reduced by three instead. Such perfec-
tion, however, can engender jealousy in mortal or Cainite
rivals. Some suspicious clergy may believe that you sold your
your talent, or that you are guilty of hubris by
reaching too high with your endeavors.

Vampiric Consort (5 pt. Merit)

You are in arelationship much like marriage with another
vampire. This pairing bestows the benefits of the Merit True
Love on both of you. Taking this Merit in addition to Closer
Than Blood allows you a remarkable degree of closeness — you
may even be able share Disciplines on occasion. Your consort
is most likely your equal in power and status, but together you
present a formidable front. You would die and kill for each
other, and God help the fool who attempts to come between,

soul to achiev

you or harm your lover

Rivatry (1-3 pt. Flaw)

You have an ongoing rivalry with someone (perhaps
another Toreador, another Cainite, or even a mortal). You
may or may not remember how the competition started, but
now you and your rival are inseparable. This rival takes
advantage of every opportunity to slander you and advance
himself at your expense. There may be ways to cool or end this
quarrel, but doing so will take a long time. A L-point rival is
at your own power level, and is often annoying but not too
dangerous. A 2-point rival occasionally takes harmful action
against you, or his words have some measure of influence. A 3-
point rival has no qualms about occasionally attempting to
have you killed or has some serious clout with someone of
higher standing than you (a mortal authority or a clan elder).
Forhim, your rivalry has become a matter of death or dishonor.

ANGUINIS 2

Disparacen © pr. Fraw)

You married someone beneath your station, and thus
have lost social standing yourself. An example would be a
countess who has married a knight or a duke who married a
baron's daughter. Among your own social class, you are treated
with disrespect or even actively snubbed, while your spouse is
ignored or treated rudely. Your spouse's peers don't know how
to behave with you, resulting in further awkward relations or
standoffishness. A+2 difficulty is added to your Social rolls
when dealing with your peers. Your marriage may be a happy
cone, but you have paid a terrible price for it.

Csep AND Austen (2 pr. Flaw)

For some reason, you have incurred the wrath of those
higher in station in your clan. These Cainites have the power
to make your life miserable — injuring your reputation,
spreading nasty gossip, slandering your lovers — and all for
reasons that you can't understand. However, just because
you're being abused doesn't mean you necessarily have co
endure it meekly. You may be able to find assistance from
others who disbelieve the slander—but you may have toprove
yourself several times over first.

Vuicar Q prt. Fraw)

You are rude, crude and socially unacceptable. You seem
constitutionally incapable of saying or doing the right things,
in spite of all attempts to teach you. Your sire is criticized and
ridiculed for choosing you, and you are frequently left off guest
lists. You may eventually work off this Flaw, but the Storyteller
should make itparticularly difficult. AtStoryteller option, you
may be at +2 difficulty on all Social rolls.

Demesure (3 pt. FLaw)

Démesuré refers to sinful pride that results in extraor-
dinary (and sometimes horrendous) costs to the possessor
and those around him. The most famous example is that
of Childe Roland, who refused to allow his men to retreat
as the Moors slaughtered them, his pride goading him to
remain so that he would not to appear a coward. A player
who takes this Flaw should (with the Storyteller) select
one (maybe more) things that his character takes great
pride in — his clothes, his horsemanship, his fighting,
etc, When that pride is insulted or threatened, the player
must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 9). If he fails, he
pursues the salvation of his "honor" to the exclusion of al
other business. This obsession can result in lost allies,
plans gone completely awry, loss of loved ones or even.
Final Death. Each time the character achieves
relating to his obsession, he may make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7) to see if he can let the obsession rest for the
remainder of the night.

goals


THE POWER
BEHIND THE
THRONE

Quote: A most interesting suggestion, lord, but with respect, I
believe sot may have overlooked something. If I might—?

History: The second daughter of minor nobility, you were
frequently overlooked and ignored in favor of your two brothers
and elder sister. While they got the attention, education and
baubles, you were shunted aside, scolded and ignored. You
wouldn't getanythingof the estate with yourbrothers inheriting,
you'd have to wait for your sister to marry before you could (and
with that horseface ofhers, it would bea while), and aboutall you
had to look forward to was getting old and caring for your
querulous parents. At the tender age of 11, you
decided that you were going to take your
life in your hands and do things your way.

Since you were often ignored, you
could spy on your brothers at their lessons
and thus learned to read and write. You
leamed to listen at doors, talk without
really saying anything, lie without blush-
ing, tempt without compromising
yourself. You leamed politics by listen-

ing in on your father and brothers, and |

questioning anyone who came to the
keep. This was all well and good, but
you wanted a challenge. Someone
must have been listening to your
thoughts, because your father and

brothers died, one after the other, of

sickness or accident. While your
mother and sister wailed, you got
busy securing things for yourself
and your heirs. Now the shoe was
on the other foot, and your family
suddenly found cause to regret ig-
noring you all this while

Youmarried aman of mea
anewly minted baron, and it w
onlytwomonthsbefore you found
out that he was a vampire. Im-
pressed with your political
acumen and skill at subterfuge,
he brought you into the clan's
presence. When all were suffi-
ciently dazzled, he Embraced you
and presented you to the prince
of the city. Since then, you have

Songbirds After Sunset

maneuvered into the enviable position of beinga prince'sadvisor
without all the fanfare that goes along with being noticed. Your
position has also given you an excellent vantage with regard to
the rest of the Cainites, and many fear you, for your words can
ensure a young vampire's success or failure.

Concept: A weak woman? Hardly. Some may be enchanted
with your looks, but underneath the silk and roses lies cold steel.
You know what must done and how to get it done, and you have
little patience for those with weak stomachs for the demands of
power. Few, ifany, understand your true role in court. That'stheir
mistake, though, especially when you can ensure that the fop
who insulted you at midnight can be staked out for the dawn.

Roleplaying Hints: You change your moodsas others might
change gowns — all to suit the occasion. Some might call you
artificial, but youpreferto think of yourselfasadaptable. Whether
you need to banter wittily with a knight at the court, or rebuke
that same knight later that night for failing at the task you set
him, you can reinvent yourself ina heartbeat. So longs you stay
one step ahead of those you must charm or misdirect —and you
hav

thus far — all will be well.

Equipment: Fashionable court clothing, rosary, book of
Marie de France's romans

CAMPI

DAR AGES

Nae mae AUTOCRAT — Gexeanmox: ith
| Peer MERNO GALLANT Hive!
} Chnonice Cun TOREADOR CONCEPT: The Power
Bohm the Tone
ArrrRipares ee
Pays Soci

— FBT

Waren:

eeeeeeecce
poaooec000

won Poor

oooogooc000
oooo050c000


THE JONGLEUR

Quote: A tale to cheer you, sweet lady? Shall I sing you of the
Lady Chrystobel and her good Sir Eglamour.

History: As a peasant boy growing up in Normandy, you
heard many of the old stories of heroes and witchcraft. You were
suffused with the fire of imagination, and many was the day you'd
do your chores imagining yourself as Childe Roland or Sir
Launcelot. You started recounting the stories you'd heard for
your younger siblings, and found that you had a real gift for
performing. When you told your tales, you could feel your
woolen clothes turning to heavy armor or see the trees of the
woods become the pillars of a castle.

‘That was all well and good fora boy, your father said, but he
expected you to take up the smithing trade — he'd already
promised you to a neighbor as an apprentice. You tried to be
dutiful and carry on, but you'd start daydreaming while pumping
the bellows and not wake up until something had happened,
usually an accident. After one too many of these, the neighbor
returned you to your father, and you faced a lifetime of working
in the dirt unless you did something about it. Like the legendary
heroes who sought their fortunes by running away, you decided
to try your luck on the road.

After several hungry days, you fell in with a band of

jongleurs who were impressed with your
storytelling abilities and who taught
you music and a few magic tricks as
BP you traveled through the country-
side. Some days you were hungry,
and some days you were cold and
miserable, but you never wished to
go back. Your gifts improved with
practice, and soon you began to
build a reputation as a tale-teller

of rare gifts.

The troupe stopped at a
castleonenighttorequestshel-
ter in return for

entertainment. The crowd
was full of strange pale
people, but you plucked up
yournerveandwenttowork.

You spun your magic like
never before, and the silent
crowd warmed to you and
your words. When you were
done, they stared at you blankly
for several moments, and you
thought your career was com-
pletely finished. Then, they
seemed to shake themselves
awake, threw money and ap-
plauded until the hall rang. You
had gone to bed down for the
night when a servant came to say
thatthe lady of the house wished
tospeak with you. You'dheard

alittle about such instances, so you took your instrument, wore
the tunic with the open neckline and went to see the lady in her
chambers.

You had heard about such things, yes, and had even told
tales about what she was, but nothing could prepare you for the
moment when she sank her teeth into your throat.

‘Concept: Your song and story enchanted your sire until she felt
that she simply must have you. It was difficult to get accustomed to
your unlife at first — you missed the days of sunshine and birdsong—
butyou've adjusted. Youand yoursire gotalong well enough until the
wanderlust took you, and she let you go, but only with a promise to
retum each year. Now, like the questing knights you sing of, you
wander the lands performing for mortal and Cainite alike. Many
Toreador will pay high pricesin goldorboonsforgoodentertainment,
and you've been able topitch yourpricesa little higher each year. The
songs you've written lately have been more about Cainites, mixing
what you think these self-styled knights ought to be with Churchly
values, anda few of the court ladies are starting to demand that their
lovers act accordingly. So many people forget about the troubadour
in the comer when wine loosens their tongues, and you've found
some of the best secrets are dropped with you just in earshot.

Roleplaying Hints: You love telling a story as vividly as
possible. You want your audiences to see what you see, and you'll
do almost anything to help their imaginations. You're becoming
more familiar with the courtly customs, although you sometimes
try too hard to show that you are cultured and come across as
pompous.

Equipment: Instrument, traveling clothes, spare perfor-
mance clothes, knife

gpMERE

Nowe Narane: GALLANT

Gesewrton: 2th
Puwer: Denson: CELEBRANT Haves
Cronies Claw: TOREADOR ——CONCEVT: The Jongleur

FALrrRinares
Privat Mest

————— utes
Kxowusnots

es FLV TAGE

Dusgpues Brcxoncunns
WSPEX- 800000 0086:

Gree Trans Ron:
b #80000 HUMANTY
Conair

Wiurowen:

. 000
doocoDco000

Bunn Pere
——] soooooo0n0
dooo0sc0000


Soo00000000
aocccccso00
oN H0KnK

ooo00000000
O0eeeeeeee
—aK031)5——=

penis) Seonoe:
cyl OO@eeee i

SUN HaNLG

YONGY— Soocce gees
scan — 900008
ROD So03e Na

SenAOI AL Seamad

sananty,
es SOHNE YY

Sees. wey co000e myn 000008
SALLIE

Sovoee: ey

Suxany wong ORR Ate
SSLDARLLLY,

ARGH SHLuaDsoy —-YOUWAYOL v1 ENON

NIAUL——YBNOT ONAL saad
tng sxouENT

ANGINA INN, aNvN,
Sora >)

TW

syepues 9]2q
adox ‘sagor y8nos ‘s]] mb pue yuauyoieg :suaudinbg
"[npyBnoyp pue moys
ypaads sno pue ‘asnstp wor ao] pue Arsna Sy ayBq]s st 29104
AnoA Syeads op Nod uaY,A "2AeY NA sIYBnoyp ay AoauOD
02 Astunj> pue mo]s 002 a1e sproMm IVY [99] NOA sdeysad 10
‘ao10a s,p10] ap Jo zdsiya ayp sstur aystw No' Buryeads
Aq 2p sea} no X ‘221049 UMO MOK Aq Ang ‘so AUR Jo asNeD
-9q 104 ‘Ayyensn qUaPIs daay nox :syuIpY Surdepdojoy,
«c3Jl]y SYA UT paatuze nod ysryn Aq sues
ay) wey os aiow auoU pur ‘shem snonarsdu UT syI0M
p10 ay] *a9epos parsadxaun ue uaaoad sey yyes9 pjo aod
01 Suruimia2 pue ‘Kueduio> Aressaoau sapiaoid Asaaseuow
Aqueau ay "ssautjauo] asureBe s]asinod Jaais 02 Au NOK
prey soy Janeur ou ‘aids anod 01 Surureap saumawos s1
apnatjos ayp pur ‘souaastxa aynoypip v sa] "peaasu suoAs|]TU
B punoj NOA Avs YSU aUIOs pue ‘{Nos INOA 10} JOYOUL
ue 10} Surjoo] wstsnsku 02 pauim nox ydaou05
-o¥snuu anod Surpeaids jo ayes aya
20} pauopuege nod pyiom aya oyu] y9eq SuTINIUIA SuTZapis
-Uod aie pure ‘Ayaiom a10wi 32) SuIyraWos ou! SuPpEWSUOS
Jo siuajer PJo ano4 wing oy adoy nox "saouatiadxo jena

-shw pure siadeid
moé — umop
1am 02 -ueB
-9q Spiuaser pue
‘qyBnoyp jo shen
aya 02 siuapnis
Mau sayI0 OMI
ay8nei aaey nox
"Araiseuow & 1a
uorejdwaiuos
uy oui quads nok
aieya wnnuezig
oir payaaen nod
‘zorusw anos Yara
seodaay yy
[dnd axou
sty aq pjnom nod
rey MAU] NOA ‘aUOP
sea Jer s,owures
aya aun aya hg
AaBuny astmayft] S19
"Yo yam a8pa|Mouy
sty azeys ay rey A[uO
payse pey rgqnyeg aya
uapms sty, Burseay
-a1 uody, ‘aBueyo v
403 4aBuny pidnd e yam
yptey pue wisionsdur jo
a8pajnouy sty pareys pey
ya "ugnjeg & Jo aorape aya
uo ary awOd pey apy "IUeUBEAS
uMor8 941] 8 Jo Azeam UMOIS pey ay
‘nod ax] pue ‘uey> aya Jo Buyprep par9y
ue parseor e uaag ado pey ay ‘Nod 9417] "AsOAS sty NOK Por
pue aavd sty 02 A]sno1se18 nos pawtosjam wuUaY ay],
"ana sem a1 JI JJ9SINO 30} 998 02 peY NOA IwYy aBueNs
8 sem vapl ay] "UOHE|dwaiUOD Wau sty ads oy
pue aiuuay e se jlastury Aq paar] oym sopeaio |e ‘ume
B aNoge preay NOs ‘uay | "YDINYD pue sayeUUL|D ainjossIp
anod Yam ax9M NOA se parsn3sip ‘aproins uo paploap pey
NOA ‘Aanquaa ay Jo r1ENb JeUY aya Ag "yA0M 01 pauzo9s
Buryiou pue ‘Azaysnegap 01 UoIBta1 Woy ‘Jasin 03 492q
oA ayeys o1 sueatt Jo raquinu Aue par sidad anoJ ‘siva
Ins Ur adUeUOSsIP sem JIsMW INOA puke "yaeag JeUTY Nod
uodn nos pareme IY sxoz0y aya Jo swearp Yam panded
a¥aM NOX "sduaIsIX9 and asidsap UdYA ‘>¥!|SIP 01 ISIy
M18 NOA ‘YBnoy? ‘Uo 210m aU SY ‘az![UN INOA pasofua
nod asny aw pue ‘BuryewSuos yw |]PYs anos soy AamUa>
ays jo Suruursoq ap ae paoesquig a1aM NOX :As03S1H]
Pepa.
wu | pury Ky] kq pun ‘aas | ‘2am Ky fg sarong

LINE FH


frequently sound wistful and dreamy, and ina way you are. You

THE FALLEN ace areachied es your bumnimnicy anid the wiortal world by only the

most tenuous of threads

Quote: I have such sights to show you. Equipment: Old-fashioned clothing, knife, whip, chains,

History: One of 14 children born to a peasant family, you scrolls of Roman pomography, bloodstained chemise
were given as an oblate at age six to a convent as payment for
something you don't remember. As you grew older, the arrange-
ment proved more and more unsuitable— your temperament was
t00 wild for the abbey, and you longed for the world outside of
stone walls and six-times-daily prayers. You were beaten in an
attempt to mold your spirit to something more "maidenly," but
the beatings only inflamed you all more to escape.

When you were 15, a priest arrived one evening for a stay.
You were ordered to serve him in his chambers, and he took a
likingtoyou. He told you rales of the outside world until youcould
think of nothing else. Perhaps finding you an instrument to be
played, he began to recount stories of darker things that no true
priest should know about — witches, demons, black rites,
ghosts and vampires. When the sisters heard what
you were being told (the spying harridans!),
they appealed to the local bishop to be
rid of this man. The bishop bowed to
their wishes, and your priest left in
the middle of the night, but he
didn'tgoalone. Youranawayand
caught up with him on the road,
begging him to take you along.

Aftera moment'sconsideration, he
laughed and agreed.

You traveled with him to Rome, journeying under the cover
of night for safety reasons (or so he said), and every night seemed
like adventure. When you reached the Holy City, he introduced
you to a few of his fellow priests, who stared at you with hungry

eyes until you felt uncomfortable. As his compatriots led you até na ae

below thestreets, youbecame frightened. When you were brought Pure DrnnoeciDe Hoo
to the blood baths, you screamed. Suddenly adventures weren't ee THE Fall

fun anymore, and you begged to gohome, but it was too late. Your Dian i ern

priest Embraced you, and that night, youhad your firstswim in the : : =
baths.
Astime passed, he introduced you to every form of debauch- Keown

ery imaginable, Ac first you were frightened, but once you made femviba—eseono
your first kill, once you saw how flimsy mortal life was compared ot Saar
toCainite life, once you had that night in the crypt with that very sn ‘ omer
willingCappadocian, yourmoralsfell away likea snake's first skir P go908 Soaos0

You have never regretted your transformation, except to wish you ; e388 SE eer

could share with the good sisters some of the visions you've seer = mmm ADVANTAGE a

ept: You ‘anted an a or your $ 5 AUSPEX, CONTACTS.
Concept: You wanted an anchor for your soul; now you ae ae
search for it in those you torture and the creations you make from 38

them. Sometimes, you believe you feel the touch of the divine on : peeee

you when you are in the throes of creation, and you go to great : =
3 : soov Cea oe
lengths to achieve that feeling. You believe you are sharing your t eer
experiences with others, and often wish that you could truly help eoees
them to see the greater purpose in what you do. pooeee
Roleplaying: Only when the madness flickers in your eyes
doesanyonesuspectanything wrong, andby then it'stoolate. You f Sauososead
truly don't understand why people act the way they do around senpcooca

you. You only want ro show them the marvels you've seen. You

Wuvoren

OoooGoG000G _ hncapwiceed

Expewsvee —

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2


Of Historical Mote
Centuries of Echoe

A Toreador once believed she had reached the pinnacle of her singing ability,
and indeed had attained the purest sound that mortal or immortal ob create. /
She was capable of holding her clanmates spellbound for hours, and her Voice Was
of. ‘such purity that it brought tears to the eyes of its listeners. Then one night.
she heard a Woman of the fr sing a simple lament to a lover proven unfaithful,
and suddenly, she realized that the heights she had attained were as foothills -
before a mountain — so long as this beautiful creature existed. her own work
was like a child's piping compared to the music of the spheres. At first. she was
mad with jealousy. and sought every opportunity to slander and ruin her rival <
in the same way that shee her peers. but without success. Every avenue to
vengeance seemed to be closed to her, and her gifts seemed ee and worthless.
Finally, her jealousy faded into pain — pain that she could never create music
one-tenth as pleasant or Gani From envy she turned to contrition. and in
sackcloth and ashes she sought out her rival in desperation. At the foot of the
(0, the proud Toreadvor begged like a child for the opportunity to learn from the
fae woman. "Please, Tl consent to anything, she said. "Just teach me what you
know!" After some consideration (and much toying with her one-time pursuer).
the lady of the sidhe invited her beneath the mound to learn.

The Toreador's departure did not go unnoticed. Songs have been written
about the brave singer who entered the fae mound for the sake of her art. The
songs all have the same ending. unfortunately for those who like variety —
supposedly in a century (or two, or eve — accounts vary) the long-lost singer
will re-emerge from beneath the sto. having mastered He secrets of the music
of the Fair Folk. Then, according to the darker versions of the songs, she will .
wreak a terrible vengeance with fae magic and Toreador art. though what she's
seeking vengeance for is not necessarily clear. :

Sensible Toreador dismiss these songs as claptrap and pseuto—Arthurian /

obbledygook. More prudent ones locate their havens far from reputed fairy
orts, i count the years with an eye on the horizon. And there are evenings
when Toreador out on raves in imitation of the Fair Folk hear music eer
beneath the ground, singing more beautiful than anything they have ever heard
among mortals or Cainites. At such moments, the entire procession halts,
transfixed. as the Toreador strain to catch each note.

/ And the most gifted among the Toreador thus seduced by song? They swear
they hear two voices.



ms lov Soice eae

rai ae cAD crisp sim

fence of the autumn
cos food af the

of her fovwwer room,
rors eee she could s [
he stately outline 3 |
m Cathedral silhou-
etted a iy hay aay the moorlif

price on hands she held a

soe et golleh novo
empty of the warm, cich
vitae that served as her

only sustenance.


"Do you believe the tales, lady?" Geraint de Montfort
asked as he came to stand beside her at the window. His gaze,
like hers, fastened on the nearby abbey. The young man,
ghouled to her service as an apprentice and companion since
a few nights after her arrival in this godforsaken part of
England, had helped her secure the rower she now occupied
and that served as the Tremere chantry. Meerlinda stole a
glance at him from the corner of her eye. Geraint seemed
composed, despite his knowledge of this night's importance in
his life. Such equanimity in the face of the elaborate ritual of
exsanguination and infusion that comprised the Tremere
Embrace would stand him in good stead during his first nights
asa Cainite. Meerlinda had schooled him carefully, preparing
him for his transformation; soon, he would demonstrate the
degree of his attentiveness to her lessons.

Meerlinda shrugged. "It matters little," she said
"Once, long before you were born, I might
have sought diligently for such a trea-
sure, as much to deprive the Church
ofaplaythingas for whatever power
those bones contained. But now,"
she raised her own goblet before
her, in imitation of the priestly
elevation of the sacramental chal-
ice, "this provides me with all the
magical nourishment I require."

She handed the goblet to Geraint

and turned away from the win-

dow. "Attend to yourduties, now,"

she told her apprentice. "I expect

you to have resolved any unfinished
business that remains to you before

you return to me. I will see you after

the midnight candlemark." Geraint bowed
and left the room.

A small desk in the center of the room held a pair of
opened scrolls — letters, one from the chantry at Ceoris and
the other from France. Meerlinda seated herself at the desk
and picked up the first of the missives, sighing as she reread
Etrius' angled script. As usual, her fellow Cainite's message
contained his customary misgivings about his woeful state of
unlife. With the first words, Meerlinda shook her head rue-
fully. Etrius would never change. His horror at the price of
gaining immortality had not lessened with the passing of over
a century. Neither had his anger at Goratrix, the instigator of
the grand experiment that had transformed the leaders of
House Tremere from mortal magi to immortal children of
Caine.

Her lips moved as her eyes passed over the passages of
Etrius' letter and found the "news" that he dutifully conveyed
to her.

Our master spends much time in the deep sleep that we
have learned to call "torpor." The nightly management of our
affairs increasingly falls upon my shoulders. I begin to wonder

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

just how wise it is for us to remain in these forsaken mountains,
surrounded as we are by hostile forces that would like nothing
better than to see our complete annihilation. I speak, of course,
of the Tzimisce

I fear we have traded our diminishing powers as mortal magi
for an insecure place in a dark and unholy society that does not
welcome us. We work feverishly to unlock the thaumaturgic
knowledge so vital to our survival, yet our ritwals seem palery in
comparison with the True Magick we have sacrificed upon the altar
of our greed. By night, we hear the howls of the beasts sent in
search of us by their voivode masters. By day, we receive no
respite. While we pass the sunlit hours in the tormented sleep of the
Damned, the Fiends' mortal servants scour the mountain passes for
signs of our resting places. They are joined in this by the minions of

the Church, who send their knights against us. Only our
wards and the inaccessibility of our halls serve to
protect us, and I fear the time will soon come

when even those precautions fail.

My only joy in this pitiful shadow-lfe
lies in the knowledge that Goratrix no
longer haunts these halls. Yet even that
solace is tempered by my fear of what
new inquiries his foul intelligence now
pursues. France is not far enough away

for my liking.
The rest of the letter contained
solicitous inquiries about
Meerlinda's own position and re-
quests for news concerning the world
outside Ceoris — particularly with re-
gard to the activities of Goratrix.

Meerlinda smiled and put the scroll

aside, turning her attention to the second

letter. This one, from Goratrix in his chantry in

France, differed from Etrius' communication in several signifi

cant aspects. Most prominent was the author's approach to his

existence. Rather than lamenting his changed status, Goratrix
gloried in his transformed state.

You and I are fortunate to have escaped the confines of the
barbarian countryside for more civilized climes. I have had my fill of
listening to Etrius' constant moaning about "our pitiful half-life," as
he calls it. You know as well as I that we have attained a transfor-
mation beyond our most potent imaginings. More than ever, the
breathing world and its puny inhabitants have become as children's
toys in our hands. So far removed have we grown from their petty
concems that we need no longer trouble ourselves with aught
beyond the pursuit of knowledge, and the power attendant upon it

A long self-laudatory passage followed in which Goratrix
described his latest alchemical experiments upon his "toys."
Meerlinda grimaced as she read his words with gruesome fascina-
tion.

Laying aside both scrolls, she sat in contemplation of the
answers she would inscribe to both her fellow Tremere. Her
distance from the heart of her clan had not lessened her


involvement in the ongoing dispute between Etrius and
Goratrix. Both still looked to her for advice. And, as usual,
she would give it — cautioning each of them to remember
their common blood and the bonds that served to unite
them in the face of growing enmity from outside the
chantries' gates
Meerlinda pulled her thoughts away from the conten-
tiousness of her fellow elders and fastened instead upon
more immediate concerns: the bestowal of the Embrace
upon her apprentice. Focusing her consciousness upon the
glyph she had placed over the door to her laboratory,
Meerlinda scried the room in which Geraint even now
busied himself with his preparations for the ritual of the
mbrace. She watched with approval as the young appren-
ice arranged the pewter bowls which would be used to
contain his lifeblood. Once, Geraint paused to take a deep
breath, visibly forcing himself to relieve the tension mani-
fest in the taut muscles of his neck. His lips moved slightly,
mouthing the words of the oath of loyalty he would recite
immediately after his transformation. Meerlinda nodded
to herself as she watched him for a few more minutes.
Satisfied with what she saw, she severed her connection to
the scrying device and returned to the task of answering
the pleas of both Etrius and Goratrix

Geraint returned just as Meerlinda finished pressing
her gold signet ring into the daub of wax on the second
scroll. Tomorrow, one of her retainers — not Geraint
would see to their delivery.

"Are you ready?" she asked her apprentice

Geraint nodded. "I am, my lady," he replied. "All has

been prepared as you have ordered."

"Does the thought of eternal life prove daunting, now
that you stand ready to receive it?"

The apprentice turned his face toward the window
The town of Durham now lay occluded in the darkness
that followed the setting of the moon. "Why try again for
Glastonbury, why search further for the Sangreal, when
the cup of immortal life rests here, within my grasp?"

Meerlinda rose. "And have you no fear that this path

eads to your soul's damnation?"

Geraint smiled faintly. "You offer me eternity in
which to reflect upon that question," he replied

Meerlinda nodded, satisfied. "Then let us proceed to
my sanctum, where you will drink from the cup of bitter-
ness and strife, of joy and learning. From this night forward,
you shall stand among those who have embraced the outer
darkness in pursuit of the inner light. Tonight, through
me, you become one of the children of Tremere."


And Esau said to Jacob, Feed me, I pray thee, with that same
red pottage...And Jacob said, Sell me this day thy birthright. And
Esau said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall
this birthright do to me? And Jacob said, Swear to me this day; and
he sware unto him: and he sold his birthright unto Jacob

— Genesis 25:30-33

This night has seen your birth into the House of the

arper. The other clans of the Cainite describe us thus, for we
have seized their secret of life eternal and made it our own. We
have cutdown one of their mighty onesand putourown founder
in his place. For this, they hate us. For this, they seek our
destruction. Yer, we survive.

Mere survival does not constitute the whole raison etre of
our existence, though —no, far from it. The beasts of the field
survive, as do the human kine from whose vitae we draw our
sustenance, Our clan serves a loftier purpose, for we seek to
preserve a power that even now diminishes in the world around
us. L speak of magic. For we are a clan of magi, though the nature
of our magic has changed.

THE
TRANSFORMATION

By will and by magic have we insinuated ourselves into the
bloodlines of the Children of Caine. In describing here our
transformation from mortal to immortal, from those bound to
the cycles of base reproduction and fleshly cares to those freed
from those concerns by the eternal darkness we have embraced,
I make no idle or frivolous boast. I but present to you, my childe,
a true declamation of the means of our genesis as a clan of
undying wizards — or former wizards, if the harsh truth be
known. For in our achievement of endless existence, | fear we
have traded away our birthrightassurely as we have: dothers'
inheritance of immortality

Think back on the exquisite agony of your Embrace. When
the last of your blood flowed from your veins and the first drops
of my vitae burned their way into the core of your being, you

passed into a state of dying — not death —your living flesh
transformed into immortal matter. You screamed as something
inside you shattered

That moment of fragmentation and the slow, agonizing
feeling of dissipation that ensued signified the incorporation of,
magic into your very essence even as it heralded the death cry of

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

your wizardly power. From a potential worker of magick,
you became, instead, a magical creature in essentia, no
longer able to command the forces or harness the elemen-
tal mysteries of the world. Instead, you have become one of
those mysteries.

Our transformation lies at the heart of our present
dilemma. By infusing ourselves with the vis that now entwines
itself with our blood, we have set ourselves apart from nature.
As mortal magi, we ate from the tree of knowledge and tried
to content ourselves with the slow absorption of its fruit. As
Cainites, we have swallowed the forbidden seeds of immortal-
ity, and now the whole of eternity opens before us like a
gaping chasm into the abyss of the unknown. Knowledge has
gained a pungency far beyond our mortal expectations.

Yet, we suffer from our sacrifice of mortality. Under-
stand, my childe, that our choice was an irrevocable one.
The steps we have taken cannot be retraced; they have
changed us forever. I fear that what we have lost can never
return to us, and that the path we have chosen to walk,
which you now tread alongside us, leads only deeper into
the eternal night in which we must dwell. Still, we must
embrace that darkness, for without it, we have nothing.

THE Purpose OF
KNOWLEDGE

In becoming immortal, we have had to rediscover how
to use our magic. The ways of mortal wizards no longer
avail us. In transforming our nature, we have lost the
capacity to perform those magical charms and rituals that
once served to impose our will upon the natural world
Instead of harnessing the emanations of magic, we must
place that yoke upon ourselves, utilizing our vitae to
replace our vanished power. When you learn to see the
halo which surroundsall living creatures, you will find that
we exude a radiance of brilliant scintillae that marks the
dispersal of magic throughout our corporal bodies

As individuals and as a clan, we strive to master the
knowledge of our newfound methods of magic, which we
call Thaumaturgy. Already, we have learned to duplicate
much of what we lost in becoming immortal. We can only
hope that the rest will follow from diligent pursuit and
experimentation. Now that we exist outside the bound-
aries of mortal flesh, the constraints that inhibited us as
humans no longer exercise control over our actions.


THE ONus OF SURVIVAL

Apart from recovering our knowledge of magic and
comprehending our new state of existence, our clan seeks
in the Cainite hierarchy. The
process of self-transformation began in 1022, when Goratrix
produced the elixir which initiated our change from mor-
tals to immortals. Since that time, we have had to conduct
further dissemination of our vampiric gift under condi-
tions of utmost secrecy. Not all members of House Tremere
have as yet undergone our transformation. Further, those
other houses of the Order of Hermes who know or harbor
suspicions of our great experiment grow increasingly an-
tagonistic toward us. We dare not flaunt our achievement
outside our own house, lest those who were once our fellow

to establish for us a plac

wizards condemn us out of ignorance.

We cannot maintain our pretense of humanity indefi-
nitely, however, and to that end we have intensified our
efforts to complete the transformation of all the members
of House Tremere. Until that time, and perhaps even
beyond, we must adhere to a rigid code of loyalty among
ourselves and obedience to our elders. Only in this fashion
can we protect our secrets and pursue our goals without
disturbance. Unlike the other Cainite clans, we know the
value of presenting ourselves as a disciplined, unified
force.

In like manner, we must stay ever alert to the dangers
from our supernatural enemies. The other Cainites refer to
us as "Usurpers," and the term holds some truth. We have
claimed for ourselves a birthright not originally intended
for us, and have dared to set ourselves as equals among the
Children of Caine. Clan Tzimisce despises us for stealing
their vitae in order to effect our transformation and for our
expansion into the lands of Eastern Europe,
they once held sway. That our search for the secret of
immortality required the sacrifice of one of their elde
in addition to a brace of our own acolytes — has caused an
irreconcilable rift between our clan and theirs.

over which

Further, once we discovered that Cainites dwelled
within a highly structured society heretofore unknown to
us, we realized the necessity to establish ourselves as a
bloodline equal to those of the other vampires. Thus,
Tremere took into himself the power and generation of the
Antediluvian Saulot. We did not anticipate the scorn and
hostility that would be instigated by that action.

Was Tremere's Amaranth of Saulot a mistake in terms
of our survival as Cainites? You need not answer that
question immediately, my childe, In part, it serves a rhe-
torical purpose. Every action we have taken since that
fateful night bears questioning with regard to its unfore-
seen consequences. Our enemies beset us on all sides and
from all quarters. We exist because of our caution and our
determination; ironically, our willingness to undertake

THE SEARCH FOR
ACCEPTANCE

As we move farther away from our mortal colleagues, we
grow more intimately bound up in Cainite society. Notice that
I do not refer to it as the "society of the Damned," as I have
heard other vampires describe their state —and, indeed, as my
friend and fellow Council member Etrius so often pronounces
it. Heretical though it may be, I believe that God reserves His
judgment for mortals, and for mortals alone. We have become
something different.

As important as any of our other pursuits, the gaining of
acceptance by our co-equals looms as one of our most imme-
diate concerns
other houses. Now we form a clan of Cainites within a society
of disparate and often quarreling clans. Though the other
Cainites call us Usurpers, they cannot deny our existence.
Already we have formed a few alliances with those Cainites
who despise our Tzimisce enemies. No doubt any clan who
approaches us believes that it acts out of self-interest; for now,
we must content ourselves with allowing them to continue
their delusion. Wresting a plac within the
hierarchy of vampires counts as but the first step ina larger and
more ambitious process.

Tue ATTAINMENT OF POWER

We aspire to more than mere acceptance. With the
advantages granted to us by our unique thaumaturgical ability,
Clan Tremere possesses the potential to gain dominance over
its Cainite brothers and sisters. Despite our relative youth asa
clan, we count among our number some of the most agile and
resourceful minds in Cainite society. The other clans have
grown set in their ways. Moreover, their own petty concerns
over ancient rivalries prevent them from assembling a unified
force to oppose our ascension to power among their ranks.

Once we existed as a house of magi among

for ourselv

Our clan structure provides the necessary stability for our
campaign to increase our standing and authority within the
fractious shadow realm of Cainite governance. This aspira-
tion, of course, must remain occluded from the minds of any
who might oppose us. The obstacles that confront us seem
formidable, as did the prospect of unlocking the secret to
immortality; yet we succeeded in our first quest. I have no
doube that we shall likewise prove successful in attaining our
rightful place of leadership within the world of the unliving.

HE SPREADING OF
By
THE SEED
Asaclan of usurpers, Clan Tremere must carve outits own
realms of power and influence, taking territory and establish-
ing our presence where we may. As magi, we once held claim

to many villages in Eastern Europe and Transylvania. Here we
constructed schools of learning that served as our chantries.

BOOK TWO: TREMERE


| 1k

i

f

Unfortunately, our presence in those lands of wild and power-
ful magic aroused the ire of the vampires of Clan Tzimisce.
Raids by these undying ones and by other supernatural crea-
tures resulted in the loss of many of our strongholds. Now, only
a few remain.

As magic diminished throughout much of the world,
House Tremere sought an ingress into Eastern Europe. There
we found places where magic still flourished, albeit in strange
and often incomprehensible forms. Still, it enabled us to
continue to harvest the vis we found so necessary for the
continuation of our abilities.

Now that we have freed ourselves from the dependency
on such external sources of magic, needing only the blood of
common mortals to resuscitate our own internal magic, Clan
Tremere possesses the capability of expanding its borders and
establishing enclaves throughout the known world,

Tremere himself has ordered our dispersal in order to
assert our presence in as many countries as possible. In this

we force the other clans to recognize our existence and
give ourselves the ability to present our case to some of the
vampires more likely to ally with us against a common enemy
In addition, by locating our elders in various parts of the
world, we can decrease the likelihood that any single attack
by our enemies can deprive us of our most potent clan

members.

EASTERN EUROPE AND
TRANSYLVANIA

Despite attacks by the Tzimisce, we still consider the
lands around the Carpathians our primary home. The
fortress Ceoris, greatest of our chantries and home to the
founder of our clan, lies deep within the mountain fastness
As rivals of the Tzimisce threaten the voivodes' hold on the
region, among them the Eastern lords of Clan Ventrue and
agents of the Toreador and Brujah clans, we find it possible
to reassert ourselves — though in secrecy — in some of the
emerging cities. In Prague and Krakow, where universities
tise as centers of learning for mortals, we have established
inconspicuous chantries and offer discrete alliances with
non-Tzimisce vampires. In the cities of the Siebenburg and
in Romania, we extend our presence as well. For us, the
long nights of occupation are underway

In Poland and Lithuania, a few Tremere outposts now
rise, feeding on the vitality of the pagan populations of
these regions. Although the Tzimisce still hold sway over
these realms, other clans beside our own have succeeded in
contesting the Fiends' claim to the land.

Tue BririsuH ISLEs

Mithras and the Ventrue control much of England, al-
though the Toreador contest them vigorously in a few areas
outside London. In the city itself, we have acquired a few allies
who may yet ease the way for our entrance into Cainite society.


Although the ancient prince of London has no love for
our clan, we have managed — as you well know — to make a
few inroads, Here in Durham, far from the interference of
Mithras and those who hold Glastonbury, we hope to stay far
enough away from the affairs of London to pursue our interests
in peace and gather the strength that we need to expand our
influence. Eventually, we hope to spread into Scotland and
Ireland, taking advantage of the residual pagan magic that still
permeates those outlying lands.

FRANCE

The Toreador hold nearly uncontested sway over most of
the lands of France outside of the region of Brittany, where the
Norman Ventrue maintain supremacy. Nevertheless, we have
found that the new universities springing up in Paris and some
of the other growing cities provide us with ideal locations for
building chantries. Tremere has sent Goratrix to oversee the
expansion of our clan's interests in Caesar's Gallia. His re-
sourcefulness — along with his Gargoyle servitors — should
prove useful in protecting our new French chantries.

In the south of France, both Tours and Marseilles hold
promise for the growth of our clan. Marseilles, in particular,
offers many advantages for us. Lacking a prince and governed
by Cainite trading interests, the port city provides us with
ample space in which to maneuver, provided we do not
conflict with the mercantile aims of the Ventrue and the
Lasombra.

Hory ROMAN EMPIRE

In the land of Germany, we stand to gain one of our
strongest spheres of influence, due to the interclan rivalry
among Ventrue, Lasombra and Toreador. In exchange for
certain tokens of assistance, we have had promise of support

from the Ventrue. The ongoing — and clandestine — nego-
tiations between Ashram, one of ourclan's most subtle agents,
and the Ventrue Jurgen von Verden have helped us to insinu-
ate ourselves in the duchies of Saxony, Silesia and Pomerania.
We have accepted the invitation of Austria's Ventrue to
establish a chantry in Vienna. Already, it shows signs of
becoming one of our most productive centers of research.

IBERIA

Insofar as we can surmise, the Christian kingdoms of
Castile and Leon, now combined into one state, fall under the
dominion of the Lasombra and Brujah. clans. Although we
have chantries in Toledo and Santiago, we take great pains to
conceal our presence lest we run afoul of the strength of the
Church in these lands

In the southern lands of the Almohad Empire, we have
only just begun to insert ourselves. The Assamite presence in
this land of the Moors makes us exercise the greatest caution
in our endeavors there. Nevertheless, we cannot ignore the
prospect of studying the works of the Islamic scholars, many of
them well-versed in occult learning.

The merchant cities of northern Italy exist in co
rivalry with each other, in both the mortal and the C
realms. We have taken advantage of that fact to establish
chantries in a few of these cities, hoping to remain unnoticed
until such time as we can afford to act openly. Though most
Cainites avoid the Papal States, some of our more adventurous
members have attempted to make contacts among the
Nosferatu, who are rumored to have access to many of the
underground libraries of the Eternal City. The acquisition of
knowledge necessary to our great work makes the tisk of
positioning ourselves in Rome, though great, worth taking.

THE BYZANTINE EMPIRE
AND THE Muslim STATES

My childe Abetorius — your own elder brother in blood

— has the distinction of acting as both our emissary to

Yonstantinople and our agent to the lands held by the forces
of Islam. My latest communion with him informs me that he
has made progress in his discussions with the Cainite Trinity
who rule that magnificent center of civilization. He has
received permission to establish a chantry within
Constantinople. He has also embarked upon a search for one
of ourmore rebellious childer who conceals herself somewhere
within the city. His report that one of the Salubri lies secreted
in Constantinople gives us cause for concern, since we cannot
afford to allow any of Saulot's line to remain active to conspire
against us.

In the lands controlled by the Turks and the Arabs, we
must walk carefully and inconspicuously. Although our allies
among the Cappadocians may allow us passage through lands
they control, the veneration in which many local Cainites
hold Saulot's children makes an open presence difficult to
sustain.

CHANTRIES

Unlike most Cainites, who prefer to dwell in solitary
havens, we find our strength in numbers. As mages, we lived,
for the most part, apart from the world, secure in our chantries.
There we conducted our magical experiments and passed on
our knowledge to our acolytes. The communal nature of our
existence helped us form a bond of loyalty to one another and
made our house strong.

We continue with the practice of residing in chantries,
both for our protection and for the benefits we gain from the
society of others like ourselves. In those chantries that still
contain human magi, we strive to keep the truth of ournatures
hidden until such time as we can complete the transformation
ofall members of House Tremere. We, therefore, move quietly
among our ignorant mortal colleagues lest they discover our
secret before we have had time to administer the Embrace to
all of them.

BOOK TWO: TREMERE


Our newer chantries — such as our own here in Durham
need maintain no such pretense. You have known of my
vampiric state since your first draught of my vitae. The mortal
servants and retainers who keep watch over us during the

daylight hours believe what we condition them to believe.
Our transformation has given us an astonishing control over
the limited minds of our human servitors.

Within the safety of our chantries, we pursue as many
interests as there are childer of Tremere. Each of us has her
own research into the nature of our changed magic. You have
seen the thaumaturgic experiments that I have conducted in
my own laboratory and have helped dispose of my failures (and
in some cases, of my successes as well). Each chantry strives to
make some contribution to our clan's growing storehouse of
occult knowledge.

Most chantries house a library of scrolls and tomes col-

ected during our days as magi of House Tremere. More
recently, we have acquired other valuable books and writings
from our dealings with other clans or through the efforts of the
intrepid Celestyn, whose exploits have achieved an almost
legendary status among our elders. In particular, his written
accounts of his contacts with the Tzimisce have provided us
with much material on our enemy and proven advantageous

in helping us to combat them.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

While a few of our chantries resemble fortresses or mon:
asteries, thus affording us with a formidable array of physical
use magical
wards to render them unnoticeable and to provide proof

defenses, some chantries — the smaller ones

against discovery and intrusion. In some cities, we disguise our
chantries as herbalists' shops, while in other places we must
content ourselves with inhabiting the catacomb chambers
beneath a ghouled chirurgeon's or alchemist's establishment
Even our largest chantries seldom hold more than two or three
ofour clan, but such numbers are enough to give usa venue for
expansion

Although I cannot divulge to you the locations of all our
chantries, | may mention a few of the most prominent —and

intriguing — ones.

CEORIS.

Once the heart of our Hermetic Order of magi, Ceoris
now occupies a central position for our clan. Deep within the
Carpathians, its stone walls steeped in the magic of the land
itself, the fortress has survived wave after wave of assault from
the Tzimisce and their minions, as well as from other super-
natural enemies that haunt those desolate mountains. Ieann
yet speak to you of the defenses that protect Ceoris, except to
state that both magical and physical protections exist and that
they have served to deter those who would come there unin-


vited. Were I to attempt to breach the wards that surround
Ceoris without the express permission of its residents, I fear
that even I would meet with an unhappy fate

From his sanctum in the bowels of Ceoris, Goratrix
discovered the means of our transformation. There, too, he
created the Gargoyles, who served to turn the tide in our war
against the Tzimisce. You have undoubtedly noticed the
creature who perches high atop this tower — a gift from
Goratrix to make certain that I was not without guardians here
in Durham. | will speak more of it — and those like it — later

Our founder now sleeps in Ceoris, or so I believe. Etrius,
one of the original seven who underwent the ritual of change
along with Tremere, serves as the unceasing guardian of our
clan's Antediluvian. Even in his torpid state, Tremere still
exercises a compelling presence throughout the clan; his
efforts serve as a model for our own personal achievements as
well as for our attainments as a linea;

DurHAM

This chantry, as you know, lies just outside the city of
Durham, within sight of the cathedral that houses some of the
holiest relics this isle offers. The tower we occupy has been
here since Roman times. | have found it sufficient for our
current needs, in particular because of its underground cham-
bers and the passageway our servants have just complete
Upon my arrival here, I saw to the setting of the magical wards
of Durham Tower as well as the strengthening of the fortific
tions already in place

Here we are far enough away from Prince Mithras' court
in London that we do not threaten him unduly with our
presence. I have heard that he does not take kindly to our

presence. That is something I hope to change, once we have

established our right to this small plot of ground. And if this
place fails, there will always be another this green and
pleasant land contains an abundance of suitable homes for us.

Legends claim that the bones of the sainted Cuthbert are
here, as are the long-lost Lindisfarne Gospels. There are the
usual tales of pagan magics and standing stones as well, though
you'll find those anywhere in England that two rocks are piled
ononeanother. Certainly, magical energiesstill course through
the ground here, fed by the belief of the populace and the
encouragement of the monks. The overwhelming aura of
magic that permeates this ancient land, sacred to both pagans
and Christians, reminds me of the magical resonance present
throughout large parts of Transylvania

Ceoris rose to prominence due to its proximity to the
magic-rich soil of Eastern Europe; 1 have hopes that our
Durham chantry will, in time, absorb some of the pervasive
emanations of magic that surround it. Although we can no
longer imbue ourselves with the vis of the land, its mystical
energies — | believe —assist in our thaumaturgical endeavors
and experiments and seep into the blood of the mortals upon
whom we feed.


Once head of the chantry at Ceoris, Goratrix now leads
our spearhead in France. His chantry in Paris, so hear, lies not
far from the university district there. Goratrix and his follow-
ers have constructed an underground labyrinth that serves to
dissuade unwanted visitors. His Gargoyles act as guards and
defenders, in addition to serving as his spies throughout the
city,

The Paris chantry should prove one of our strongest
centers of scholarly research, as I am certain that Goratrix
himself spends most of his evenings in his laboratories. His
continuing efforts in studying the vampiric form have in-
creased our knowledge of what we have become.
VIENNA

The Vienna chantry has only recently come into exist-
ence. Invited to the city by the Ventrue in order to help them
strengthen their hold on the region, we have established a
small but thriving community of Tremere near the heart of the
city, Although I have few details as to the defenses of the
Vienna chantry — overseen by Etrius himself, I am told —
much effort has gone into concealing its location from the
other Cainites of the city. Reports have come to me that the
chantry's library rivals the one in Ceoris.

LITHUANIA

Perhaps the strangest of our chantries lies near the out-
skirts of Riga. Since its formation shortly before Tremere
formalized our clan through his assimilation of Saulot's es-
sence, the Riga chantry has preferred to remain only
peripherally connected to the rest of our clan. We have
received minimal communication from the Tremere of Riga,
who hint that they have discovered a way to extract latent
power from the land itself. This goes against everything we
currently know about our state. Efforts to compel them to
elaborate on their findings have proved unsuccessful. My
personal belief is that the Lithuanian Tremere walk a danger-
ous path, which may lead them outside the auspices of our
clan

THE Tres OF BLOOD

I must now speak to you of the strength of our blood and
how we use it to bind us to one another and to the leaders of
the clan, Along with the draught of my own vitae, which
brought you into your new existence, you also took into your
body a mixture of the blood of the members of the Inner
Council. Tomorrow evening, upon rising, you will repeat this
process, thus bringing you to the edge of confirming a Blood
Oath to the clan's elders — myself included.

Thope this does not dismay you. We require it of all newly
Embraced Tremere for several reasons. Our existence at this
moment — and for the foreseeable future — relies on our
ability to exert a unified presence in the face of those who
oppose us. That we must enforce such a predisposition of

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 2

loyalty upon you reflects the depth of the precautions we must
take to preserve the secret of our existence. Our best childer
understand this need; our worst feel "insulted" by the lack of
trust. I have no doubts that we will number you among the
former, however.

The current war for survival against mortal and immortal
foes demands that we cleave to one another. The world views
us as the monsters that we are; other Cainites view us as
intruders. We have no allies save each other, and we must do
everything in our power to excise any hint of betrayal from our
ranks. You bear within you the mystical reminder of your
kinship with those who first crossed over into the forbidden
garden ofthe undying. Consider your draughtsan oath of fealty
rather than a link ina chain of servitude. We all have masters
Yours are the elders of Clan Tremere

SIRE AND CHILDE

Blood binds you not only to your clan, but to your sire as
well. In most clans, so far as we have discovered, the bond that
exists between a new Cainite and her creator resembles the
relationship between parent and child. This holds true for our
clan, as well. More than that primal bond, however, are the
other ties formed by the passing of my blood into your body.
Justasa fledgling wizard serves a term of apprenticeship under
his master, so, too, does your education into the ways of our
clan fall to me to oversee. You have become my apprentice in
thaumaturgical magics, and my legacy for the continuation of
our clan.

Do you feel this connection? Once you learn the means,
you may commune with me at any time and at any distance,
merely through the enactment of asimple ritual. Our common
blood enables this magic

THE ORGANIZATION OF CLAN
TREMERE

We observe arigid hierarchy within our clan fora number
of reasons. We draw from our experience as.a house of magi the
importance of maintaining a stable order of prominence. The
lines of instruction pass from elder to younger, from the more
experienced to the less knowledgeable. This pyramidal struc-
ture gives us a strength and harmony of form.

Atthe apex of ourclan stands Tremere himself. Just below
him in authority are the members of the Inner Council, those
of us who first experienced the vampiric transformation. All
clan policies come from this level of authority; Tremere has
weightier matters to attend to. Below that are the chantry
heads, who instruct those within their chantries and pass down
the decisions of the Inner Council.

For the most part, those of us whose blood is stronger
exercise power over those whoare weaker. Most Cainites agree
that this is the established order of our kind. Within our clan,
however, strong blood alone does not constitute the sole
criterion for authority. The most potent in blood are also, in


most cases, the most knowledgeable. The possession of knowl-
edge and its attendant power sustains our right to guide those
with lesser expertise.

Since we fight a war for survival, we must consider
ourselves as an army of sorts. This lends additional justifica-
tion to our need for leaders and followers. Thus, we have
derived our present structure as the best means possible
whereby we may defend ourselves from outside attack.

CONCERNING OuR
Naraure

There remains much to impart to you with regard to our
nature as Cainites. You must forgive me for a momentary
expression of my personal bitterness in this matter. Unlike the
clans who trace their beginnings to the early reaches of time,
we came to this state of being as neophytes — unprepared in
many ways for the restrictions of our unlife and untutored in
the powers we possessed. Our road to self-knowledge has taken
more than a century of study and experimentation, often at
great cost. Other Cainites have been loath to assist us.

For decades, we labored under many misconceptions. We
have had to struggle for every scrap of information we now
possess about our heritage, our strengths, our weaknesses and
our limitations. Remember that, and you will never feel the
temptation to open yourself to anyone outside our clan. We
stand alone on the fringes of the darkness, illuminated only by
the light created by our own efforts. If we bloody our hands by
our quest for enlightenment, it is because our enemies have
forced us into a battle we did not begin.

Besides making him equal to the other clans' Antedilu-
vian founders, Tremere's incorporation of the essence of
Saulot also provided him with that ancient one's knowledge
of the ways of Cainites. Thus, we have corrected many of our
early notions about ourselves. There exist two explanations of
the origins of Cainites — one which identifies us with the
cursed descendants of the murderer of Abel and one which
proclaims us as the bastard children of Lilith, Adam's exiled
first consort and the mother of all witches. From time to time,
Tremere has hinted of yet a third origin of the race of vampires
coming from somewhere in the East, but refuses further
elaboration.

From our own experiments, we have learned to beware
both sun and flame, but immersion in water has no adverse
effect upon us. We need not slay those upon whom we feed,
though we must take precautions to ensure that our vessels do
not remember what has transpired or that, if they do, that they
keep silent on the matter. We have still notsolved the mystery
ofwhya wooden stake through the heart only immobilize, but
does not destroy, us. Experiments with both living and non-
living wooden weapons have proven inconclusive.

Weave yet to comprehend fully how our transformation
affects our inability to tolerate certain items or our reactions to
certain natural phenomena. The vampiric condition expresses
itself in a variety of ways among individuals within our clan.
Some of us recoil from the symbols of faith, while others find
thatcrossesand saintly images have little effect on them unless
wielded by those of righteous fervor. In the Carpathians, the
peasants use garlic to ward their homes from Cainite intrusion;
in some cases, but not in all, this precaution proves successful
Some Tremere have discovered they are unable to cro
running water. Others, like myself, have no difficulty negoti-
ating even the swiftest streams.

The nature of our resting places also remains a topic of
study. In the beginning, we imitated the habits of the captive
Cainites we studied, sleeping in crypts or digging graves for
ourselves in the grounds beneath our chantries. Now we know
that such practices are not necessary, and that we only need
conceal ourselves completely from the rays of the sun in order
to survive the harsh hours of daylight. Nevertheless, some of
usstill persist in these morbid habits, whether out of fear or out
of a necessity to remind themselves of their closeness to the
world of the dead.

SPECULATIONS

While other Cainites content themselves with survival or
sate theirambitions with dreams ofpolitical power, we Tremere
find the need to formulate a precise understanding of the cause
of our supernatural state. Our wizardly tradition compels us to
pursue the secrets of our undead nature regardless of the
consequences. As a result, most of us have adopted one of
several theories concerning our nature.

Some members of our clan believe that the vagaries of our
existence stem from alchemical impurities engendered during
the Embrace, when the sire's blood fuses with the dying body
of the childe. Imbuing the initial vitae fed to a childe with
tinctures and infusions and then studying the resulting eccen-
tricities has led to ambiguous and inconclusive observations.
The transmutational process from human to Cainite seems to
defy many of the known laws of material transformation.

Anothergroup, led by Celestyn—when he isnot engaged
in his exploratory endeavors — has attempted to link the
variations that exist among us with astrological significance,
plotting the conjunctions and oppositions of the stars at the
hour of a new Tremere's Embrace. The conviction that our
exclusive attachment to the night proves our connection with
the starry firmament seems to offer some promise of providing
answers to why we differ from one another in small ways. By
the precise calculations of the constellations' movements
throughout the heavens, the proponents of stellar attraction
hope to ascertain why some of us awaken as soon as the sun has
set while others remain in slumber until the first stars appear
or until the rising of the moon.


A third school of thought seeks to measure the precise
balance of bodily humours at the time of the Embrace,
searching for correspondences between an overabundance of
one of the four elemental fluids and its expression within the
Cainite temperament. Thus, an imbalance of choleric humour
results in a predisposition toward the condition known as
frenzy, while an overly sanguine individual suffers from an
excessive need for blood. Those individuals with an excess of
phlegmatic humours often require longer periods of re:
while their melancholic counterparts succumb more easily to
torpor

One group examines our separation from the natural
order of life. By passing through the state of death without the
departure of our souls to the place of judgment, these "natu-
ralists" believe that our removal from the processes of life,
death and the afterlife is responsible for our aversion to the
sun as well as our extreme trepidation in the presence of
flame. Proponents of this theory have yet to explain why the
other elements — air, water and earth — do not affect us so

adversely as fire.

My own particular interests lie toward the mystical
experience of our transmutation. It is no coincidence that
Tremere chose to send me to the Isle of Britain and that I
elected to attempt to establish a chantry near the reputed

resting place of the Holy Grail. The ingestion of the blood of

our Cainite ancestors and our resulting transformation bear

some similarity in my own mind to the miracle of transubstan-
tiation currently under dispute by Church theologians
Whether this means that we have transgressed or fulfilled
divine law, that is the substance of my research

I must also mention those among us who firmly believe
that we have embraced the Devil's works by becoming Cainites
These diabolists actively engage in all manner of barbarism
and exercise their basest instincts toward humanity. They
contend that, since we have transformed ourselves into min-
ions of Hell, our true vocation lies in the proliferation of
damnable actions. | fear for what might result if these debased
members of our clan gain ascendancy within our ranks

EXPERIMENTS

Through alchemical and magical experimentation, we
have increased both our knowledge of our place in the world
and our ability to defend ourselves. Do not be afraid to use your
keen mind in the pursuitof occult understanding. Had Goratrix
not dared to combine the essences of Gangrel, Nosferatu and
Teimisce Cainites into a mystical amalgam, we would not now
control the Gargoyles who so ably interpose themselves be-
tween us and our foes.

In addition to the work of Goratrix, other Tremere are
engaged in studying the effects of our vitae upon mortals; so far,
we have learned its efficaciousness in promoting rapid healing
of near-fatal wounds and its retardation of the aging process in


ourghoul servants. You yourself benefited for many years from
the life-prolonging essence of my blood before I bestowed the
Embrace upon you.

My most recent experiments have to do with, not the
nature of our vitae, but rather the bestial transformation that
overwhelms us when we succumb to frenzy. Tests that I have
performed upon the few Gangrel I have been able to capture
have enabled me to understand, in part, the odd metamorpho-
sis that results from thei losses of control. It is my hope that
by provoking my current subject into repeated bouts of fury, I
can determine the stage at which a Cainite ceases to resemble
anything remotely human and gives herself over entirely to
her bestial inner nature. So far, I have been unable to reverse
the process, but all knowledge — even the awareness of one's
failures — has its uses.

One area of experimentation fills me with trepidation;
only my trust in youallows me to mention its existence. There
aresome Tremere who seek todiscover whateffect our Cainite
nature has upon summoned spirits. As human magi, we had
strong prohibitions as to the nature of spirits we could com-
mand and the conditions under which they might be
summoned. We do not know if our altered state of being has
affected our ability to make compacts with creatures from the
spirit realm. Unfortunately, I suspect that some members of
our clan have decided to test our influence over infernal
spirits. I believe that the idea of summoning and binding
demons does not appeal to you. See that it continues to
exercise no pull upon your inquisitive mind.

Your own inclinations will undoubtedly draw you toward
experiments of your own devising, For the time being, I shall
act a$ your instructor in the proper procedures, in order to
bring you to the point at which you may pursue your own
theories without my constant supervision. Above all, you
must leatn to exercise caution both in choosing your experi-
mental subjects and in disposing of the remains of your studies.
The monks of the nearby abbey believe us to be a community
of cloistered scholars and, thus, do not interfere with us. I
desire that this situation continues, so that our work may
proceed without interruption.

FINAL
EXHORTATIONS

The hour grows late; the darkness of the night will soon
give way to false dawn, at which time we must make our way
below ground. Your exile from the sunlit world begins with
thisday's dawning. Do notgive in to the temptation, however
great, to test the truth of your susceptibility to the sun. With
the passing of time, if you are fortunate, you may forget your
longing for the sun's warmth and the garish colors of the day.
Learn to content yourself instead with passing your nights in
such a fever of study and learning that the coming of day
brings only thoughts of repose.

Never forget that we dwell among those who would
destroy us. Until we have completed the transformation of
the rest of House Tremere, we cannot afford the smallest hint
of our secret to filter to the other Hermetic houses. Yet, at
the same time, we must not Embrace too many of our kind
without the means to ensure their survival. |
caution you too much about our beleaguered state.

cannot

Here in England, we do not experience the constant sense
of peril that our clanmates in Eastern Europe feel, yet we must
maintain our vigilance. We prefer to provoke as few conflicts as
possible. It is enough that the Tzimisce, Nosferatu and Gangrel
desire our destruction; we do not need to add other clans to the
ranks of our foes. Our prospects for achieving acceptance in a
land not dominated by our enemies gives us some latitude; we
must, therefore, make the best use of our relative security to
further our advancement without antagonizing other elements
of Cainite society.

We cultivate the appearance of supplicants among those
clans who fall prey to flattery; among those who value
learning, we assume our most scholarly mien; to the dilet-
tantes, we strive to emphasize our aesthetic sensibilities.
Those who seek political power need to see us as worthy
supporters of their ambitions. To the mortal world, we must
appear — when we appear at all — as scholars, pedants and
recluses. If this dissembling strikes you as deceptive and
furtive, keep in mind that in being false to others, we remain
true to ourselves. Usurpers they may call us, but we only take
what we deem is our rightful portion of eternity.

Tomorrow evening, after you have partaken once
more of the elders' vitae and thus entered fully into the
communion of blood, I will begin your instruction in
thaumaturgical magic, along with the other abilities in-
nate to our clan. We will also seek to determine whether
you possess any aversions or repulsions to garlic, holy
symbols or other objects so that you may know what, if
anything, you must avoid. The process of finding vessels to
satisfy your hunger for blood will grow easier as you learn
to separate yourself from the kine upon whom you feed. In
time, your growing powers will act as proof to you of the
distance you have come from your mortal life.

For now, rest content in the knowledge that you have
successfully passed your first night among the undying.
From now on, in an endless procession of nights, your
existence belongs not to God or the Devil or even to
yourself, but to all of us who dared to abandon the carefully
tended garden of humanity for the limitless vista of eter-
nity. No longer must you dwell in terror of that which you
cannot comprehend. In becoming one of the Usurpers, you
have become the terror that others cannot fathom. This is
your legacy, bequeathed to you, through the gift of my
blood, by Tremere himself. May you prove worthy of the
trust that has been placed in you this night

BOOK TWO: TREMER


je Fouse of the
Supplanter

Unlike the other Cainite clans of the Dark Medieval
period, the Tremere cannot call upon millennia of history and
experience to guide them through the complexities of survival
ina world grown suddenly unfamiliar and perilous. They have
had to learn through trial and error how to cope with the
dangers created by their transformation. The Usurpers' rela-
tive youth asa clan has resulted in a curious mixture of naiveté
and inventiveness. Although it has learned much about
Cainite nature since 1022, Clan Tremere's knowledge of
Cainite society and the fine points of vampiric existence
remains incomplete. In some instances the Tremere commit
howling errors of etiquette and tactics; in others gain advan-
tage from unique and creative solutions in situations where
other Cainites' responses are bound by the shackles of tradi-
tion
Above everything else hangs a sense of urgency. Clan
Tremere's genesis as vampires has embroiled it in a bloody
conflict with several clans, most notably the Tzimisce, whose
blood formed the basis of the elixir that allowed the wizards to
become Cainites. Clan Tremere's penchant for experimenta-
tion on captured Cainites has also aroused the anger of both
the Gangrel and Nosferatu, the Usurpers' favorite subjects for
magical and alchemical research. Furthermore, the danger of
the vampires' discovery by the other houses of mages within
the Order of Hermes (with which House Tremere still remains
affiliated) grows nightly. The Tremere realize that they can-
not maintain their ruse indefinitely, and thus frantically seek
to complete the transformation of all the magi within their
house. Within five years, in 1202, the scandal of the house's
vampirism will rock wizardly society. Asa result, the Tremere
will be declared anathema and targeted for destruction by
most of their former fellow magi.
An aura of resignation also permeates the House of the
urper. Having embarked on their fatal journey into the
realm ofundeath, the Tremere see no recourse but to make the
best of their decision. Nightly, the horror of their existence

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

impresses itself upon the Usurpers, impelling them to delve
even deeper into their damnation in order to understand its
demands in hopes of overcoming them.

THE COMPLEAT
TREMERE
(SELECTION)

The need to swell their ranks in order to increase their
chances for survival has led the Tremere to begin an active
search for promising recruits. The Usurpers still give prior
ity to those mortal mages already within their ranks,
marking them as primary candidates for the Embrace, but
there are simply not enough mortal magi remaining within
the house for this to be anything more than a short-term
solution. As the clan expands outward from their strong-
hold in Ceoris, after Tremere's diablerie of Saulor, the
Usurpers have undertaken a concerted effort to find and
Embrace other likely individuals.

Mortals with a strong interest in magic, alchemy, academics

orastrology attract the Tremere. The Usurpersfrequently choose
promising candidates as "apprentices," leading these talented
mortals to believe that they have embarked on a study of the
occult arts. After a suitable period of training, which sometimes
includes making the apprentice into a ghoul servant of her
master, the candidate receives the Embrace.

The Tremere have also recognized the need to include
skilled warriors and diplomats among their number, and
have thus Embraced veteran soldiers and individuals with
highly developed skills for negotiation and etiquette. Oc-
casionally, the Tremere select mortals connected to the
Church in order to gain influence within that powerful
institution, but the Lasombra and Toreador jealously weed
these Usurpers out


Maci anp MacEs:

A PoINnT oF TERMINOLOGY

The earliest members of Clan
Tremere came from House Tremere of
the Order of Hermes; as such, they were
magi (the plural of magus). Modern prac-
titioners of True Magick refer to
themselves as mages. In the Dark Medi-
eval world, the word magus pertains to
practitioners of True Magick, although
some Treme: ue to refer to them-

THE NATURE OF
THE EMBRACE

For the Tremere, the Embrace takes the form of an
nitiation rite, surrounding the process of transforma-

tion with the trappings of ritual magic. By maintaining

the charade of an advanced occult ritual, the Usurpers

may thus entice even the most unwilling members of
House Tremere into the vampiric fold. In Ceoris, where
many unconverted members of the house still reside,
mortal targeted for the cha are summoned
without warning into the presence of one of the Inner
Council. Informed that they have been chosen to un-
these human

irre ritual of
ir sires' vitae

dergo a unique ritual of advancement
wizards usually submit willingly to the bi
blood-draining and forced infusion of tt
The fledgling Cainite realizes the true implications of
her transformation only when it is too late. While a few
transformed magi rebel against their changed circum-
stances, most of them quickly adapt to their new
existence — particularly after they have been placed
two-thirds of the way under the bonds of a Blood Oath
to the elders of the clan

Rather than allowing her childe to feed directly
from her veins, a Tremere sire usually first drains her
blood into a goblet and forces her childe to drink from
it. This practice both enhanc
the Embrace and re-enacts the ceremony of the founders
original transformation. At least two and sometimes

the ritualistic aspect of

more draughts of blood are thus fed to the new Tremere.
The first goblet contains only the sire's ae, thus
establishing the all-important bond between sire and
childe. The second goblet, however,

drop or two of the mixed blood of th

also contains a
n elders. The


fledgling Tremere receives a second infusion of founders'
vitae (but not her sire's) on the evening following the Em:
brace, bringing the childe to the verge of a Blood Oath to the
founders of the clan.

A Tremere
makes extensive preparations before doing so — including
securing the necessary mixture of blood from the clan's
serve the

who desires to Embrace a mortal usually

couriers, known as "redcaps,"
House Tremere) by traveling

founders. Special
Order of Hermes (includin
from chantry to chantry, delivering messages and transport
ing valuable items for their masters. Occasionally, these
servitors' duties include delivering a vial of precious liquid
(founders' vitae) to certain chantries. At other times, this
responsibility goes to trusted ghoul servants or to recent

neonates (and their unsuspecting coteries)

Usurper Rogues

Despite Clan Tremere's attempts to enforce
loyalty through a dual infusion of founders' vitae,
occasionally a newly Embraced Tremere refuses
to submit to the demands of the clan. If she
succeeds in fleeing sire and chantry, a rogue
Usurper faces a difficult existence, devoid of

nctuary among others of her clan. All too often,
such a renegade falls prey to one or another of her
many enemies — the e, Lupines or mortal
hunters — or else finds herself without a safe

haven from the ravages of sunlight.
Rogues who manage to avoid
represent a constant danger to other members of

ch peril

the clan. Because of the liability they constitute,
Clan Tremere pronounces a ban of anathema
upon all such defiant childer. Rogue Tremere
avoid other members of their clan, seeking the
company of Cainites from other clans instead.
Even then, they are rarely trusted by their com-
panions.

Few rogues learn more than the most basic
form of Thaumaturgy, for no Tremere in good
standing will share more advanced thaumaturgic
teachings with these fallen ones.

Rumors persist of a chantry, hidden deep in
the Carpathians, that holds several Usurper
rogues. Search parties sent to validate such ru-
mors have so far managed to discover no real
evidence that such a chantry e Neverthe-
less, Clan Tremere maintaii ince against
the possibility that its rogue childer may one day
unite with the clan's enemies in a concerted
attempt to usurp the Usurpers.

Riruat oF CLAN LoYALTY

The ritual swearing of an oath of loy-
alty to Clan Tremere and its founder forms
an integral part of the Tremere Embrace.
Although the wording of the oath will
grow ever more complex over time, it
essence remains unchanged from the clan's
earliest nights. Taking its form from the
origital oath sworn by members of the
Order of Hermes, the Tremere oath en-
joins its swearer to remain loyal to the
clan, its founder and all its members. Ad-
ministered to the newly created Tremere
immediately after the Embrace, the oath
serves to impress upon the fledgling not
only her place in the clan but her respon-

ibilities to her superiors.

In the Dark Medieval world, an oath
often carries within it a true compulsion,
making it difficult (though not impossible)
to break. Enhanced by the use of Domi-
nate, the loyalty oath of Clan Tremere has
a terrible strength that goes beyond the
impetus even the most fearful mortal oath
can bear. Though this ritual of oath-taking
does not irrevocably bind the will of the
swearer to the clan, it does act as a deter-
rent to many actions that might go against
clan goals.

While there are no set rules to compel
a Tremere character to obey her elders
slavishly because of the oath, a Storyteller
may, at his discretion, require a Willpower
roll (difficulty 7) whenever a Tremere
character wishes to act in direct defiance
of her clan or her elders.

Each newly Embraced Tremere formally swears an
oath of loyalty to Tremere, the elders, her sire and her
clan. Conducted either during the ritual of transformation
itself or shortly thereafter, this complicated

with it a mystical compulsion that makes it a difficult one

sath carries

to break
Although the Tremere occasionally resort to the
tlefield Embrace" in circumstances which require spon-
taneity, individuals so transformed receive the founders'
vitae and formally swear their oaths of loyalty as soon

afterward as possible


CINIQUE BLOODLINE

In Lithuania, Clan Tremere has transformed itself
into a unique bloodline. Since it separated itself from the
main branch of the Tremere before the clan founder
diablerized Saulot and solidified his place as an Antedilu-
vian, this cadet bloodline has diverged from its parent in
several significant ways.

TELYAVELIC TREMERE

Taking their name from the Lithuanian god Telyavel, the
protector of the dead, the Tremere of Lithuania form an
exclusively pagan branch of theirclan. Unable to recover from
the original horror of their transformation into Cainites, a
small group of new Tremere left Ceoris purportedly to assist in
the spread of their new clan's influence in the world. In reality
they desired only to search for some means of reversing the
catastrophic change they had undergone.

In the wilds of Lithuania, these Tremere discovered a
refuge among the pagan population, who saw them as incarna-
tions of Telyavel (or Kaleval) and welcomed the newcomers
into their midst as priests and shamans. Discarding the name
‘Tremere," these Cainites began referring to themselves as
Telyavs, reserving their former clan name only for blessedly
rare interactions with chantries outside Lithuania.

In addition, the Telyavs sensed a mystical emanation
from the land, one which permeated the soil, forests and

animals. They learned from their pagan followers that this
"emanation" came from the Siela, the part of the spirit that
remains bound to the world after death and also inhabits
animals, plants and even stones. Excited by this discovery, the
Telyavs soon developed a Thaumaturgical Path based on
combining their vitae with soil, the sap of trees or the blood of
animals, producing a variety of effects. In addition, their
deliberate closeness to the vis-rich soil itself enables them to
draw upon the metamorphic aspects of their Tzimisce blood

Unlike their colleagues elsewhere in Europe, who prefer
to distance themselves from mortals and conduct their busi-
ness in secret, Telyavs operate openly among the pagan
population of Lithuania. Their nocturnal habits and sangui-
nary tastes seem utterly appropriate for their roles as servants
of the protector of the dead. While they do insist on keeping
their chantries' locations secret, they move about in human
society with relative freedom.

Though the Telyavelic Tremere are no closer to restoring
their original humanity than they were when they first sepa-
rated themselves from their parent clan, they have managed
to attain a compensatory sense of connection with the living
world. By assuming the duties of priests and shamans, they
have also carved out for themselves a place in pagan society as
abridge between the living and the dead.


Appearance: Unlike most Tremere elsewhere in the
Dark Medieval world, the Telyavelic Tremere actively Em-
brace women, seeing them as embodiments of the dark
mother-goddess figures of local paganism. Although the
majority of this group is still male, nearly a third is female, and
many of these were Embraced in middle age. Eschewing the
somber clothing of their more scholarly parent clan, the
Telyavs dress to fit in with the local population, adopting
either the dress of the common folk or the robes and symbols
of their newly adopted patron deity.

Haven: The majority of Telyavs occupy a chantry near
Riga. Situated in a copse of trees atop a sacred hill, this
chantry remains one of the clan's best-kept secrets. While
other Tremere know that it exists, only the Telyavs know of
its location. A few other chantries of this bloodline exist
throughout Lithuaniaand Poland. Occasionally, alone Telyav
dwells among her pagan followers, protected by ghouls. In
addition to their chantries, Telyavelic Tremere often have
secondary homes, which also serve as shrines for pagan
worship.

Background: Candidates for the Embrace must come
from the ranks of pagans. Many of them are priests and
priestesses of the old religion. Lithuania has become a battle-
ground between the pagan tribes and the Christian Order of
the Sword, so a few Telyavs also come from warrior stock

Character Creation: Telyavelic Tremere generally have
shamanic ordruidic concepts. Asin their parentclan, Mental
Attributes and Knowledges assume primary importance in
most cases, although a warrior may emphasize Physical At-
tributes and Talents. Natures and Demeanors usually reflect
the Telyavs' pagan outlook. Backgrounds include Allies
(their mortal pagan followers) and Influence. Most often
they follow either the Road of the Beast or the Road of
Humanity.

Disciplines: Auspex, Presence, Thaumaturgy

Weaknesses: Telyavelic Tremere find it difficult to
counteract the effects of True Faith or the display of Christian
holy symbols, Difficulties to resist frenzy are two higher than
usual when confronted by an enemy who uses her True Faith
asa defense, and Telyavs recoil from the sight of the cross or
other symbols of the Christian faith

Organization: The Tremere of Lithuania adhere to a
modified pyramid. Each generation drinks twice of the blood
of the previous generation, thus bringing them to the verge of
forming a Blood Oath with their sires' generation. Typically,
a number of Telyavs gather together to oversee the Embrace
of a new member, thus ensuring a sufficient supply of elder
blood to establish the hierarchical bond between genera-

tions.

Destiny: The Telyavelic Tremere continue to exist
until the 16th century, when the union of Lithuania and
Poland results in the triumph of the Christian religion over

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

paganism. Hunted by the Church, they are eventually wiped
out in a grand conflagration that destroys their main chantry
and most of its members. Within a few years, the remaining
Telyavs are captured and destroyed by the Inquisition and the
armies of the new Christian state

Quote: The Earth and all that dwells within and upon it expose
their secrets tome. Through the power of my blood, I become all things.

ON RoteeLayine TELYAVS

the Telyavs do fill a role explicitly within the
of the pagan culture to which they have fled, that
doesn't necessarily make them nice. The local paganism
s alien to many of the original Telyavs, making their
integration into the Lithuanian culture uneasy at times;
other Telyavs can take their putative role as protectors
of the dead a touch too literally and wreak havoc on the
living.

In short, these are not shiny, happy, friendly,
vampires who spend their evenings dancing in the
woods and communing with nature. The Telyavs,
despite whatever good qualities they may poss
are still bloodsucking monsters who have appropri-
ated a mythological role that was never intended
for them. To ignore the essentially artificial
of the Telyavs' place in Lithuanian society is to
render them caricatures.

New Traits

Merits AND FLAWS
Nartarat Vicisstrupe (5 pt. Merit)

Youhave "inherited" more of yourclan'sstolen Teimisce blood
than most of your clanmates and have thus become something ofa
throwback to your"parent" clan. You may, therefore, choose Vicis-
situde, rather than Dominate, as a clan Discipline. Improving your
rating at Vicissitude, however, may present difficulties. Unless you
can locate another Tremere willing and able to teach you further
mastery of Vicissitude's higher levels, you must seek further instruc-
tion from the Tzimisce (most likely through coercion).

Fatse Tuirp Eye ( pr. Flraw)

For reasons unknown to you or your site, your Embrace left
you with the imprint of a third eye upon your forehead. This
reminder of Tremere's diablerie of Saulot renders you both an
embarrassment to other members of your clan and a figure of
distrust to all except those who know you. The "third eye" does
not open ot function. Unless you conceal it under a hood ot
beneath your hair, the stigma is obvious to all who see you. All
Social rolls are at +2 difficulty whenever you interact with any
Cainites other than your coterie or closest allies. Attempting to
pass as a Salubri is not advisable


NEw
THAUMATURGICAL

Paru CNon-
SIELANIC)

The war between the Tremere and the Tzimisce in Eastern
Europe often involved more than combat between Cainites
Both Usurpers and Fiends pit mortal armies against one another
on the battlefield and in siege warfare. The necessity of mai
taining and moving troops and supplies from one place to
another in a timely fashion led to the development of a form of
Thaumaturgy to assist in rapid transportation. This path |:
until the 19th century, when scientific discoveries enable the
invention of steam-powered travel (such as the railroad), thus
making this form of Thaumaturgy obsolete.

Tixy OF PASSAGE
Way OF PASSAGE

This Path allows the thaumaturgist to endow swifter than
normal movement and, in some cases, increased endurance to
objects or creatures other than himself. Thus, horses can run

and farther, and draft animals can pull wagons and siege
machines at greater speeds and for longer periods of time.

System: In addition to the standard expenditure of blood
and a Willpower roll, the player rolls Manipulation + Animal
Ken (difficulty 7) and spends an additional Willpower point for
each Attribute the vampire wishes to affect. Only one roll needs
to be made regardless of whether or not the vampire is affecting
a mount's speed or endurance or both. The number of successes
determines the number of days (24 hours) the effects last. Note
that this is not useful in combat. Although the mount moves
faster, the rider does not benefit from this with extra actions and,
in fact, may find the increased speed of his mount a detriment to
successful combat maneuvers. Rapid travel from one place to
another remains the primary focus of this power. This power does
not act as an alternative to Celerity or Fortitude and cannot be
used on humans, Cainites or other supernaturals.

No individual descriptions are necessary for each level of
this Path, since the effects remain consistent; only the number of
individuals or objects affected increases as the thaumaturgist
gains mastery of the Path. The Storyteller may modify the
following effects toallow for combinations of ridden mountsand
those used to pull wagons.

° One mount

ee Up to six mounts or one laden wagon

Up to 12 mounts or four supply wagons
Up to 24 mounts or eight supply wagons or
one siege machine

Up to 48 mounts or 16 supply wagons or
four siege machines

BOOK TWO: TRE)


‘THAUMATURGICAL
Parus CSIELANIC)

Utilizing the power of the Siela, or the animistic spirit
latent in the earth, stones, plants and animals, the Tremere

of Lithuania have devised a pair of Thaumaturgical Paths

that allow them to assume aspects (and in some cases, the

forms) of animate or inanimate objects. Based on shamanic
practices, these Paths combine aspects of both nature- and
spirit-based magic. Some Tremere outside Lithuania be.
lieve this Path to be an offshoot of koldunic sorcery, a
province of the Tzimisce, and look upon those who prac-
tice the Sielanic Paths with suspicion and distrust

Telyavelic Tremere always learn one of the two
Sielanic Paths as their primary Thaumaturgical Path.
Other Tremere may learn either Path by studying with a
Telyavelic Tremere. Non-Tremere may also learn this
Path
Thaumaturgy and can convince a Telyavelic Tremere to
teach it to them

provided they already possess knowledge of

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

The Sielanic Paths disappear with the extinction of the
Telyavelic Tremere bloodline; with the rest
nites there attempt
ielanic Thaumaturgy

based on incomplete and sketchy records
PATH OF THE WORLD'S
Bioop CSIELANIC)

This power allows the vampire to become part of the
natural world that surrounds her, partaking of the abilities

nce of pagan:

ism in 20th-century Lithuania, a fe

to rediscover the lost principles of

inherent in the earth, trees, rocks and life forms of any ground
to which she has attuned herself. While most practitioners of
this Path regularly use it within their "hom:
simple ritual (see below) enables the character to attune
herself to any plot of ground provided she has sufficient time

territories, a

in which to do so.

This Path occasionally requires the vampire to ingest
some rather foul concoctions of her own blood mixed with
animal blood, soil, even leaves and grass. It remains a con-
tinual mystery (particularly to those outside the Telyavelic
circles) how the practitioners of this Path c
mixtures without promptly heaving them. Som

n drink the
elyavsclaim
that study of the Path prepares one for such necessities, while


others posit that a form of transubstantiation, such as that
which is said to change the bread and wine during Mass, is at
work. Whatever the reason, the Telyavs continue to swallow
and work their magic without difficulty.

Note: Sielanic Thaumaturgy is not quite traditional
Thaumaturgy, Asa result, it uses the same roll as the normal
Discipline except when specifically stated otherwise.

¢ EYES OF THE EARTH

The vampire "sees" everything that goes on within 10 miles
of her haven (or shrine) by utilizing the spirits of the grass and
other plants, trees, rocks and animals in the vicinity. Thus, a
Telyavelic Tremere dwelling within her chantry may know
instantly of the approach of worshippers or strangers. In addi-
tion, she canalso view events transpiring within the range of her
attunement. Such visionsdonotcome with handy explanations,
though. No sound comes through, and unless the Telyavelic can
read lips, she cannot know anything that is being said in a spied-
upon location. Further, if the sorcerer wishes to keep track of a
particular person as he travels, and if she views him for longer
thanonenight, she must locatehimonce againaftereach broken
contact (to sleep or perform other actions, for example).

System: The vampire ingests an infusion of her own vitae
mixed with soil, grass shoots, leaves, animal fur and bird
feathers (or blood from these creatures). The number of
successes achieved on the Willpower roll determines the
duration of the subsequent "earth-sight."

Isuccess one turn
2 successes one hour
3 successes. one night
4 successes one week

one month

¢* Roots OF POWER

This ability enables the Sielanic practitioner to draw
upon the power latent in the earth itself to enhance her
own physical abilities — so long as she remains in contact
with the soil.

System: The vampire expends a blood point by cut-
ting the soles of her feet and letting her blood soak into the
naked earth. The number of successes gained from the
Willpower roll determines the number of points the vam-
pire can add to her Physical Attributes. No single Attribute
may be raised above 5. For example, three successes allow
the character to add one point each to Strength, Dexterity
and Stamina, three points to any one Attribute, or two
points to one Attribute and one point to a second. The
duration of this effect is one scene, and the effect covers an
area of approximately 50 feet around the vampire's origi-
nal position (i.e., where the Cainite's blood first touched
the soil)

¢¢e¢ ARBOR OF PROTECTION

The vampire uses this ability to seek refuge within the
living wood of trees. Thus, he is able to encase his body within
any tree that stands inside his realm of attunement. In this
fashion, he may conceal his presence from enemies. His aura
blends with that of the tree in such a way that increases by two
the difficulty of detecting his presence through Soulsight. In
addition, the character may use any Disciplines and abilities
not dependent on physical gestures that he possesses; although
the vampire can "see" his surroundings, he cannot make eye
contact with specific creatures, so any power which requires
meeting the victim's gaze does not function. Should the
vampire entera tree to avoid the coming dawn, he is protected
from the sun so long as he stays within the tree. If the tree is
chopped down, the vampire suffers five levels of damage and
is forced out of the trunk; setting the tree afire inflicts the same

amount of aggravated damage.

System: The vampire drinks a mixture of blood and tree-
sap prior to the player expending a blood point and making a
Willpower roll. A single success allows the vampire to remain
inside a tree for one turn; two successes extend the duration for
an entire scene. Three or more successes allow the vampire to
maintain his position within a single tree for up to 24 hours.
When the time limit expires, the tree ejects the vampire.

@ ¢¢¢ COURSE OF THE BEAST

This power give the Sielanic practitioner the power to
assume the shape of any animal that exists within her domain
and, in some cases, to change from one animal form to another.
The vampire gains all the physical attributes and skills of the
chosen creature, although she retains her undead nature in all
forms. While transformed, the vampire may use any mental
Disciplines she possesses, as well as other powers the Story-
teller considers reasonable within the limitations of her form.
The ability lasts from moonrise to moonrise.

System: The vampire mixes her own blood with that ofan
animal and drinks it, then expends three blood points to
activate the power. Each success on a Willpower roll (diffi-
culty 7) grants the character the ability toshift into one animal
form. Thus, three successes enable the vampire to assume the
shape of a deer for swift travel, then transform into a fish to
conceal herself and move about easily under water, and,
finally, take on the form of a bird to fly to safety

eeeee WAY OF THE STONE

The vampire uses this power to transform himself into
what resembles a stone dolmen. As such he can withstand the
rigors of daylight and is immune to flame. In addition, he can
even move about in a very limited fashion. The legends of
stones that walk and move about during the night come from
the practice of this potent art

System: The vampire expends three blood points by
allowing his blood to drain onto a boulder, at which point he
assumes the boulder's rough shape and consistency. The num-

BOOK TWO: TREMERE


ber of successes gained on the Willpower roll (difficulty 7)
determines how long he may remain in his stone form. The
features of the vampire become indistinct, taking on a semi-
carved aspect with barely discernible facial features and body
parts. Nevertheless, his eyes, ears, mouth and appendages all
function normally, except that the difficulty for all physical
actions are increased by two and movement is at one-fourth
normal rate.
1 success lcm
2 successes 1 scene
3 successes 1 hour
4 successes 1 night
5 successes 1 week
6+ successes 1 month
‘These durations represent the maximum time limit; the

vampire may abort the effect earlier if he wishes.

PATH OF THE SHADOW
‘Wor Lb CSIELANIC)

Through thispower, the Sielanicpractitionerreachesacross
the border between life and death, using her own unliving body
asa conduit for contact with the world of the dead. In addition,
at more advanced levels of this path, the sorcerer isable to touch
the essence of Telyavel himself

This path disappears with the demise of the Telyavelic
bloodline, though itis rumored to have become subsumed as part
of Dark Thaumaturgy and other Infernal Disciplines (see Dark
Ages Companion for more information).

(Note: For more information on dealing with the souls of
the dead, see Wraith: The Oblivion and Vampire: The Dark
Ages, specifically pp. 255-258)

¢ SEE THE DEAD

The vampire can view the ghosts of the dead that inhabit
theareaupon which she focuses herattention. In addition, she
can determine the general attitude of these wraiths. Relatives
of a person who has recently died often seek out the local
shaman toask whether the soul of the departed seems content
or if it needs propitiating in some fashion.

System: The vampire must expend a blood point and
concentrate on a specific area. The player then makes a
Willpower roll. A single success allows the vampire to detect
the presence of any wraiths (or Spectres) in the vicinity of her
concentration. More successes allow her to determine details
about the ghost's attitude

ee REPEL THE ANGRY DEAD

With this power, the vampire can banish hostile ghosts
from a designated area, such as the home of a relative of the
angry wraith. In some cases, the banishmentis only temporary
or isattendant on the performance of some action intended to
appease the ghost.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

System: The vampire must first locate the angry wraith
(through the use of See the Dead). His player then spends a
blood point and rolls the character's Willpower. The number
of successes obtained determines the number of hours the
banished ghost remains away from the designated location (a
house, a grave, etc.). The vampire can determine if certain
actions need to be taken to ensure the permanent repulsion of
the ghost through a second Willpower roll (difficulty 8); only
a single success is necessary for the vampire to ask the ghost
what must be done to satisfy it.

@¢¢ COMMAND THE FRESHLY DEAD

The vampire can command any ghost that she can see to
obey her. With this power, the practitioner may receive answers
to questions within the ghost's realm of awareness or require the
soul todeliveramessage tosomeone else, Additional simple tasks
fall within the parameters of this power, although the vampire
cannot compel the ghost to do anything that requires a material
form to accomplish.

System: The vampire must first use See the Dead to locate
adesirable ghost. Then comesa contested Willpower roll against
the wraith (most ghosts have 5 Willpower). For each su
Cainite achieves over the successes scored by the wraith, the
ghost answers one question or performs one action at the
command of the sorcerer.

eeee ARMY OF SOULS

The Sielanic practitioner uses this power to raise a spec-
tral troop to act as defenders or to deliver warnings to her
enemies. These ghosts appear as ethereal images of warriors
long dead. Although the tattered images cannot materialize
completely in the physical world, they can use their own
powers to hurl objects or frighten away attackers.

System: This power costs two blood points and demands
a Willpower roll (difficulty 7). The number of successes
determines how many ghosts (mindless shells of the dead,
called Drones) the Cainite can summon. The ghosts return to
their rest at the end of the night upon which they were
summoned.

eeeee WALK THE ROAD OF SHADOWS

This power enables the vampire to cross physically the
barrier between the world of the living and the world of the dead
and enter the Underworld (or Shadowlands) for a brief period of
time. While she is in this dark and barren realm, she appears to
its denizens as a particularly solid wraith. She can interact with
wraiths freely while in their realm, although she has no control
over how they will regard her. Anycombat that ensuescausesreal
damage to both the sorcerer and her wraithly foe. Sielanic
practitioners who function aspriestssometimes use this ability to
transport mortals into the Underworld as part of a shamanic
initiation ritual.

System: This power costs three blood points and two
Willpower, and requires a Willpower roll (difficulty 8). A single
success allows the Cainite to penetrate the Shroud and enter the

ess the


Underworld. Three successes enable her to take another
person along with her. The sorcerer may remain in the
Underworld until dawn forces her to leave, until she flees, or
she is driven out by its residents. This power does not allow
travel into the deeper Underworld.

SIELANIC RITUALS

BECOME ONE WITH THE LAND CLEVE!
One RiTuAL)

This ritual enables the Sielanic caster to attune her-
self toa specific plot of ground; the area covered may not
exceed 10 square miles but may be less than that. The
caster combines her own blood with several handfuls of
earth from the land she wishes to claim. By covering her
body with this mixture before going to sleep for the day,
the vampire is able to absorb the essence of the land into
herself. Thereafter, she is able to enact the powers of the
Path of the World's Blood within the area designated
before the enactment of the ritual. Whenever a Sielanic
practitioner relocates or travels to another place, she may
attune herself to her new location in the same fashion. She
may only be attuned to one place at a time, although she
may renew lapsed attunements by repeating the ritual.

System: The vampire combines her blood with some
natural substance (such as animal blood, tree sap or soil)
to effect the desired result. After the ingestion this mix-
ture, the next step is the expenditure of two blood points
and a Willpower roll (difficulty 7). The number of suc-
cesses determines the duration, intensity or range of the
desired effect

Sout OF THE LAND (LEVEL Four
Rirua)

This extremely powerful ritual grants the caster an almost

complete identification with his domain. He becomes "one with
the land" and, through this intimate connection, instantly
knowsofanything that threatens the land or itscreatures. Hecan
tell ifsomething is wrong with the soil (and thus give advice on
how to ameliorate the problem). Additionally, he knows the
location of any hostile forces, can predict weather patterns that
affect his domain, and can exercise subtle control over the
features of the land itself. He can cause trees to move slightly to
obscure paths through forests, change the course of streams or
widen them to make crossing difficult or cause boulders to rise
out of the earth to block a mountain pass.

System: The caster buries himselfin a grave near the center
ofhisdomain, remaining within the earth for one full day. Upon
arising the followingevening, he imbibesan infusion ofhisblood
combined with the soil in which he has lain, thus uniting his
essence with that of the land. Periodic expenditures of blood
(eight blood points per week) can maintain the connection
indefinitely. Ifa week passes without the caster spilling his blood
into the ground, the connection breaks; the caster must repeat

the ritual to reestablish his tie with the land. The Storyteller
shouldassist the playerin determining the precise manifestations
of this ability so that its uses don't wreak undue havoc on the
story.

Toucu THE RRoTECTOR's Minb (LEVEL
Five Rrra)

This ritual links the caster's mind with that of Telyavel,
the protector of the dead. This ability is only used in
extreme circumstances, such as when an invading army
threatens the protected realm of the sorcerer. By drawing
upon the essence of this ancient being, the vampire is able
to enhance her Physical and Mental Attributes and gains
access to powers beyond her normal abilities.

System: The vampire spends one hour in meditation,
focusing her thoughts upon establishing contact with the
mind of Telyavel. The Cainite's player then expends five
blood points and makes a Willpower roll (difficulty 9). A
single success puts her in contact with the mind of Telyavel
The caster immediately gains 10 dice to allot to her
Physical or Mental Attributes in any combination, though
she may not increase any Attribute beyond its normal
maximum. In addition, all her Disciplines function as if
she had one additional level in them, including enabling
her to use powers she has not yet mastered. The ritual also
confers upon the vampire the ability to remain awake
during daylight hours and provides some immunity from
sunlight, provided the caster does not directly expose
herself to the sun's rays (i.e., she must remain in the shade
or under some sort of cover). This ability lasts from one
moonrise to the next. No successes means that the caster
fails in her attempt to touch the death god's mind. A botch
means that the vampire takes five levels of aggravated
damage (which she may attempt to soak). In addition, the
vampire may acquire a permanent Derangement (unless
her player is successful in a Willpower roll) from touching
the god's mind too closely without receiving his

New BACKGROUND
FAMILIAR

Although your Embrace has deprived you of the ability to
function as a magus, it did not break the bond you had with
your familiar. This bound spirit may take the form of any small
animal, such as a cat, raven, mouse, frog or other creature
normally associated with magi or witches. Conversely, the
familiar may appear as a homunculus or mannikin. Large
animals (horses, goats, bears and the like) as well as magical
creatures (such as dragons) are not available as familiars. The
number of points you put into purchasing your familiar indi-
cates its relative power. Only Tremere characters who were
magi before receiving the Embrace may take this Background

Although it no longer acts precisely as a magi's familiar
might, your bound spirit still performs simple tasks and minor
guardianship duties for you. Iralso holds you to the agreements

BOOK TWO: TREMERE


made upon initially binding it to your service, however, so you
must adhere to those terms in order to keep its favor. The
benefits purchased at each level include all the ones from
lower levels.

. Your familiar performs minor services but does
not risk itself for you.

oo Your familiar acts as an early warning to alert
you of the presence of intruders, but does not prevent them
from entering your haven.

© Your familiar can perform fairly complicated
tasks and act as a messenger for you. It also attempts to deter

tile creatures from entering your haven, although it does

not confront them directly

© Your familiar has developed a true fondni
you despite your unliving state and your lack of standard
magic. It not only acts as.an assistant (within the limits of its
form), it may incur minor risks to its own material form in
order to protect you from harm.

© © Your familiar has a very strong bond with you
and serves you as faithfully as any retainer sworn to you by
Blood Oath

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

RELATIONS

Because of their recent arrival in Cainite society, the
Tremere have only just begun to establish relations with many
of the other clans. While their origins and certain of their
practices have placed them at odds with a number of clans, the
Tremere yet have hopes of allying themselves with a number
of the remaining Cainite groups. Above all, the Tremere have
made it a habit to study Cainite society carefully in order to
learn as much as possible about the interactions between clans
and, armed with that knowledge, take advantage of each clan's
weaknesses. This mixture of curiosity and the Tremere's in-
nate arrogance combine to grind the lens through which the
Usurpers view the other supernatural denizens of their world
FA\SSAMITE

As the Tremere spread their influence eastward to
Constantinople and westward to Spain and the Almohad
Empire, they encountered the seemingly exotic paynims.
The Tremere's familiarity with some of the ancient occult
lore of the Levant, Asia and northern Africa has given
them an interest in learning more of the secrets of the
Assamites, but opportunities to indulge that interest hai
been few and far between. Since they have occasionally
found themselves targets of these Cainite assassins, the
Tremere have quickly developed a healthy respect for the


Assamites' powers of stealth and their death-dealing abil-
ity. Usurpers regard most Assamites with wariness and
keep their distance from them.

BRUJAH

While the Tremere understand neither the Brujah's in-
fatuation with lost Carthage nor their undying hatred of the
Ventrue, the Usurpers recognize a potential enemy in the
Zealots. The diablerie of Saulot has incensed many of the older
Brujah, who harbored great respect for Saulot and his childer.
Inareas where the Brujah hold power, the Tremere attempt to
go about their business as quietly as possible.

CAPPADOCIANS

The Tremere view the Cappadocians with outright
envy. These Cainites seem to have a profound understand-
ing of the secrets of death, and it is for merely a fraction of
this understanding that the Tremere have already given
their very lives. The Tremere actively seek out members of
the Graverobbers in order to exchange knowledge with
them, hoping to increase their own body of mystical
information through discourse and the occasional theft.
Unfortunately, the Cappadocians do not hold the Tremere
in high regard, as the Cappadocians feel there is little
knowledge the Tremere can offer them that they do not

FOLLOWERS OF SET

Unlike many of their fellow Cainites, the Followers of
Set immediately saw the advantage of cultivating friendly
relations with the new clan of "wizards." The Tremere, for
their part, realized that the Serpents' Egyptian origins
gave them access to some of the hoary secrets of the
Pharaohs. Thus, the Tremere welcomed the attentions of
the Setites and quickly formed an alliance with them.

Only later, as they observed the mistrust and suspi-
cion which other clans harbored toward the Followers of
Set, did the Tremere question the wisdom of their overt
and open cooperation with the Serpents. Bowing to dis-
cretion, the Usurpers have since cooled in their public
attitude toward the Setites, while privately continuing to
cultivate their favor in the interests of knowledge.

GANGREL

The Tremere view the Gangrel as little more than

bestial creatures, devoid of any trappings of civilization. In
fact, some Tremere do not even consider the Animals to be
aseparate clan, believing them imperfect and degenerate
Cainites unworthy of official recognition. As such, they
feel no compunction in using Gangrel in their unholy
experiments, such as the ones Goratrix used to create his

Gargoyle servitors. The Gangrel, for their part, hate the
Tremere with a single-minded, animalistic passion — and

with good reason.

LASOMBRA

The Magisters' political subtlety impresses the Tremere
Their own experience in the fractious society of warring
wizard houses has alerted the Usurpers to the importance
of treating with other Cainites from a position of power,
and the Lasombra provide the Tremere with an abundance
of good examples of how to do so, The Usurpers recognize
that their own survival relies on achieving recognition and
approval from the most important clans — of which the
Magisters rank among the leading contenders. Whenever
possible, Usurpers seek to ally themselves with powerful
Lasombra, while at the same time exercising wary caution
when dealing with these "shadowy" Cainites.

MALKAVIANS

By discounting the Madmen, the Tremere have opened
themselves up to their unwelcome attentions. Many
Tremere believe that the children of Malkav are either
possessed by infernal spirits or else have become maddened
by the Embrace. Secretly, the Tremere fear Malkavians,
since the lunatics' often discomfiting ravings defy the
Usurpers' concepts of reason and propriety. A few Tremere,
however, realize that these mad Cainites possess uncanny
insights. These rare and forward-thinking Usurpers advo-
cate studying the Madmen in order to test their potential
as oracles and seers.

NosFERATU

To the Tremere, the Nosferatu represent the most
horrific and foul aspects of Cainite existence. While they
have recently learned of the Lepers' status as masters of
acquiring information and collecting rumors, the Usurp-
ers' instinctive dislike of the Nosferatu makes it almost
impossible for them to treat with the Lepers as anything
approaching equals. Indeed, Goratrix' experiments upon
captured Nosferatu have made enemies of most members of,
that clan.

RAVNOos

‘The Tremere regard the Charlatans as little more than
fakes, holding them in the same contempt as they hold
beggars, serfs and traveling buskers. The Ravnos' chica-
nery and "false" magics are viewed as merely the hallmarks
of a tribe of thieves and mendicants. Unfortunately, the
Tremere's disdain leaves them open to the most malicious
tricks the Ravnos can devise.

ToREADOR

The Tremere hold the Toreador in high regard, not
only for their grasp of culture and history, but also for their
political influence in the Church and in many parts of
Europe. However, the Usurpers temper their admiration
for the ease with which the Artisans maneuver in both
Cainite and mortal society with a faint disdain for the

BOOK TWO: TREMERE


apparent frivolity exhibited by many Toreador. The
Tremere have yet to realize just how much power the
Toreador have in formulating Cainite opinion.
TZIMIscE

The Tremere's relationship with their "parent" clan is
complex. Although a state of outright hostility exists
between the two clans, as the Tzimisce attempt to drive
them from their ancestral lands and eventually obliterate
them, the Tremere find their own hatred of the Fiends
tempered by the knowledge of their common blood. Until
Tremere's act of Amaranth upon Saulot confirmed him as
an Antediluvian and gave his followers the status of aclan,
the Tremere were considered by many Cainites as little
more than an offshoot of the imisce. Although most
Tremere would hotly deny such an allegation, they do, in
private, acknowledge that without the blood of the
Teimisce, they would not now existin their current vampiric
state. Of course, they hasten to point out, Zeus owed his
existence to Cronos, and that the Tremere view their
relationship to the Tzimisce as similar.

Aboveall, the Tremere both hate and fear the Tzimisce
The Fiends' mystical compact with the soil of their home-
land and, some say, with the dark, Infernal deity whose
essence permeates the Transylvanian vastness, haunts the

Usurpers. This, if anything, only increases the Tremere's
desire to establish themselves outside of the lands around
Ceoris and the Carpathians.

ncounters between Tremere and Tzimisce usually do
not last long enough for verbal exchanges. Instead, they
are brief and bloody clashes that end in the Final Death of
at least one of the participants.

Whenever the Tremere are fortunate enough to sub-
due and capture one of the Fiends, the unfortunate Cainite
becomes the subject of further experimentation. The fate
of a Usurper taken by one of the voivodes is, if anything,
worse.

INTRUE

Although the Tremere acknowledge the Ventrue as
the current leaders of Western Cainite society, this just
makes them the ultimate targets of the Usurpers' ambi-
tions. In the meantime, the Tremere attempt to cultivate
the favor of the Patricians whenever possible, the better to
learn from them how best to go about relieving them of
their power. For their part, the Ventrue admire the Usurp-
ers' successful bid for Cainite recognition even while
condemning their methods of achieving "legitimacy."

The Tremere are aware of the antipathy that exists
between the Ventrue and the Brujah, although they do not
quite understand why Carthage occupies such an impor-
tant place in the rivalry between the clans. Nevertheless,
the Usurpers attempt to make use of the Ventrue-Brujah
conflict to better their own position with regard to both

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

clans, playing them off against each other whenever pos-
sible. In
Europe), the Tremere seek to establish clandestine alli-
ances with the Brujah while paying lip service to the
Patrician ruler. In those regions under Brujah control, they
secretly attempt to curry favor with the Patricians in hopes
of "civilizing" the area. The Tremere are only partially
successful in these endeavors, however, for they have not
yet learned the extremes of subtlety and intrigue that their
potential dupes have had millennia to practice.

In Eastern Europe, the Tremere often find themselves
allied with the Ventrue against the Tzimisce. Although
the Usurpers dislike incurring obligations of loyalty to the
so-called Eastern Lords, they recognize the pragmatic ad-
vantages in cooperation with the Patricians against a
common and terrible enemy.

OTHER CHINITES
BAALI

Although most Tremere reject outright Infernalism (a
holdover from their training as magi), a few Usurpers
grudgingly admire the power wielded by these possessed
Cainites. Some Tremere fall prey to the Baali's lures and
succumb to their schemes without realizing, until too late,
that they have done so. The Tremere destroy those among
them who show any overt evidence of traffic with the
Baali, but are sometimes slow to destroy the Baali them-
After all, who knows what secrets the Infernalists
might be tempted to reveal if spared...

SALUBRI

The children of Saulot are an affront to the Tremere
by their very existence. The Usurpers actively hunt the
remnants of theslain Antediluvian, fearing that the Salubri
will succeed in rallying other Cainites against them. At
least one subsect of the clan, famous for its ability as
warriors rather than healers, has sworn vengeance upon
the Tremere for the diablerie of its founder. Thus the
Tremere seek to destroy all remaining Salubri in order to
protect themselves, wrapping their mission of extermina-
tion in a cloak of rumors of Salubri depravity

Mac aNp Maces

Although their Cainite natures preclude the practice
of True Magick, many members of Clan Tremere find it
difficult to separate themselves from their connections
with mages. At present, mortal magi still exist within
Tremere chantries, still oblivious to the undead creatures
who walk among them. Nevertheless, Tremere typically
treat mages with extreme caution, their respect born from
their own knowledge of the powers these individuals com-

eas where a Venttue is prince (i.e., in much of

selve:

mand.


House TyTALus

This group of mages does not seem to share the same
aversion to the existence of vampires as other mages. The
vampiric Tremere hope that, in the event that the other
mages discover their identity as Cainites, the mages of
House Tytalus, at least, will not entirely abandon them.

WEREWOLVES

The Tremere have incurred the wrath of the
Transylvanian werewolves (mostly Shadow Lords), who

consider them intruders on their domain. In addition,
many Tremere seek to hunt and trap werewolves in order
to use them for experimental purposes and to take advan-
tage of their potent vitae in alchemical research. As they
expand across Europe, the Tremere encounter other tribes
of werewolves, which they also swiftly antagonize by vir-
tue of their incorrigible tendency to experiment on the
Lupines they capture. To the Tremere, the Lupines are
animals and resources, nothing more — an attitude the

werewolves find less than appealing.

OTHER SUPERNATURALS

The Tremere know of the existence of wraiths, faeries
and mummies. They both respect these other supernatural
creatures and desire to learn as many of their secrets as

possible. As usual, the Usurpers are not above attempts to
use their thaumaturgical powers to gain control over other
supernaturals whenever possible.

Those Tremere who engage in traffic with the dead do so
in order to discover the truth about the afterlife or to attempt
to learn as much as they can about the nature of the Under
world, but to date have been frustrated by the seemingly
contradictory information they have garnered. E}
while informants have been known alter their personae and
tales in the blink of an eye, making it extremely difficult to sift
wheat from chaff. More than one Tremere has written off the
entire Empire of the Dead as a pack of liars, and has begun
researching ways to try to extirpate the troublesome ghosts.

n erst

A few Tremere have attempted to capture faeries i
order to use their blood in their magical experiments; the
unforeseen effects of fae blood, however, make this prac
tice risky at best. Those Usurpers who were magi before
becoming vampires are aware of the dangers inherent in
arousing the anger of the Fair Folk.

Some Tremere actively look for evidence of the
Pharonaic immortals, hoping to discover from these true
immortals how to reverse their own undead state. Most
Tremere, however, realize the folly of attempting to wrest
the secret of eternal life from these creatures by force and
merely study them from afar.


Famep APPRENTICE

Quote: You need not thank me for my assistance. No one else
has ever done so

Prelude: Your mistress bought you ftom your parents at the
Royal Market in Buda-Pest. You were seven and only a girl, but
the cloaked woman paid for you in silver and took you away with
her toahuge castle high in the mountains. You traveled by night
toreach your new home and, once there, you saw nothing of the
world outside.

For seven years, you labored for your mistress, cleaning
her workroom — her laboratory, she called it. You learned to
read and write Latin and Greek. Then your real work began.
Your mistress taught you about magic. You studied until
alchemical formulas, astrological conjunctions and all man-
ner of mystic theories came unbidden to your mind. Still, she
forbade you to learn any conjurations or spells

When youasked your
mistress when you
wouldreceive train-
ing as a magus, she
refused to answer
you. You turned
away in shame and
neverspoke of itagain.
Youfelethar, somehow,

you had failed her.
Then the others
came and women with pale
facesand hollowcheeks, They spoke to your
mistress about you. Then they asked you
questions. You answered them as best
you could, but felt that nothing you

said satisfied them.

The following evening, your
mistress ordered you to bathe and
gave youa crimson robe to wear. She
asked you if you would learn the
secret of immortality. "Will I be-

come a magus like you?" you

asked. "You will become like
me," she replied.
That night, deep within the cel-
lars of the castle, your mistress drained
youof yourblood. Inadreamy, trance-
e state, you watched as your

life-force seeped into your blood-red robe. Too late, as your
mistress' fiery vitae burned your lips and charred your soul, you
realized what kind of immortality you had received. You would
never become a magus, for you had become one of the Tremere.

Concept: Throughout your long apprenticeship, no one ever
praised you. Even when you succeeded, you believed that you had
failed. Intellectually, you know that the harshness of your training
helped prepare you for your existence as a Cainite; tendemess and
affection do not suit the demands of your unlife.

Roleplaying Hints: Despite your competence in many areas of
knowledge, despite your success in leaming the beginnings of
Thaumaturgy, youcannotshake thecertainty thatyoufailtomeasure
up to the expectations of yoursire. Apply yourself to whatever taskis
assigned to you with determination and resolve. Youhave leamed to
motivate yourself, since no one else seems to encourage You.

Equipment: Crimson robe and cloak with cowl, scrolls
and treatises in Latin and Greek, alchemical tools, astro-
logical compendium

(epee

Nawe Nira: LONER
Purves Dawennoe: SURVMOR Have:

Gexenimon: 9th

CRT

Choo Cuan Concer

Pavscnt

ABILITIES:

AlbvanTaces:

(GENERATION: #6800

HUMANTY
eeeeeeecnn
Wasser
ooco00c500

Biss Poor
goooo00000


TWISTED LORIST

Quote: No knowledge is too dark, no secrets too dangerous.
Let me show you my latest discovery, but hurry, before my subject
expires!

Prelude: Your family sent you to Paris for an education,
but nothing in the libraries of the university satisfied your
thirst for the kind of knowledge you desired. Then you heard
whispered rumors of a secret cache of scrolls beneath the
library. The other students claimed that those who read these
forbidden writings lost their souls, damned by the teachings
contained therein.

You had to see these damning documents for yourself
That very evening, you secreted yourself within the library
until it closed and the last musty scholar left for the safety of
his home. Groping your way through dark passages, candle in
hand, you found the stairway that led to a small room below
the streets of the city.

Suddenly, a voice muttered in the darkness and a gentle
light illuminated the room. That night, you discovered both
the knowledge you sought and the
man whowould teach you even more
You led a strange and exhilarating

double life — studying the works of
the Church fathers by day
and delving into the li-
brary of the Damned by

night
You don't remember
sleeping, or even needing
to sleep. The ancient
scholar who supervised your
clandestine education soon

introduced you to even more
bizarre and satisfyingpractices.
You studied the workings of
the human body by experi-
menting on living subjects in
his laboratory, also below
ground. You soon learned to
ignore the plaintive screams
of your victims. The quest for
knowledge justified every-
thing.
One evening, your
mentor pronounced you
ready for the next phase of
your study. He told you to
pack your things and pre-
pare fora journey into Hell.
He laughed as he spoke,
but somehow, you be-
lieved him,

A week later, you had satisfied the head of the chantry in
Paris that you were a suitable candidate for eternal unlife. The
following night, yoursire initiated you into Clan Tremere. You
sometimes ponder what ultimately led you on the path to your
damnation — the books, your tutor or yourself. Then you
consider your newest experiment and realize that, in the end,
it does not matter.

Concept: The lure of forbidden knowledge compels you
to push your mind into stranger and stranger places. Your
laboratories of vivisection provide you with an endles
of entertainment, as well as increasing your comprehension of
the mysteries of the universe. Unlife has freed you from the
cares of your soul and the petty laws of king and Church. Only
the clan has any hold over you, and their dominion has
liberated you from the rule of others.

Roleplaying Hints: You are first and foremost a seeker of
knowledge — of anything and everything. The forbidden
exercises an almost irresistible pull on you and you follow your
urges to their ultimate conclusion. You do not fear damnation;
that comes, if it comes at all, after death — and your existence
stretches before you in a potentially endless continuum of

ource

discovery.

Equipment: Scholar's clothes, laboratory, tools for your

experiments, expendable victims

Nerune FANATIC Gexeemnions Mth
Devtenson: CELEBRANT Haven:
Cu: TREMERE Concern: FST

LrreirrEs:
GE ya ties eee

—————$ Avanrncss—$—$$$<—

Desciurves Vorrurs
ru

i
E Seecoe
AUSPEX 203000 HERD —
So0000 —GENERATON.® 0000
a Te
DEV rel

eeeeeec000 tin

oo000

so0co00050
Bus Poor

Doocoooooo
Dogoooossa

By Tass Fe


. Roleplaying Hints: Sometimes, as you
ILENT SLAYER sleep during the day, you still hear the
screams of your parents and sisters, but
with each Tzimisce head you take, the
cries grow fainter. You prefer killing
the voivodes, but you also have
Lupines and the oc-

: casional Gangrel
survived only because you hid until dawn. Then you fled andNosferatuto your

Quotes You needn't bother asking me to spare your pitiful
unlife. But youneedn't fear, either. I, unlike you, deliver death
swiftly and relatively painlessly

Prelude: Your family committed the unpardonable
crime of offending the voivode. For that, they died. You

into the forests, preferring to die from the fangs and claws credit, Eventually, you
of savage beasts than at the merciless hands of your over- will travel to France or
lord. England; the Tremere

The wolves found you after dark. You fled through the have enemiesevery-
pitch-black forest, fear quickening your steps and height- where, and it is
ening your awareness. Cornered, you turned to face your —_- your job to deal
death, seeing nothing but glowing red eyes and hearing _ with them
only the anticipatory snarls of the enormous, slavering Equipment:
beasts. Your carving knife seemed such a puny weapon, but__ Traveling clothes, good
it was all youhad. You held it out in front of youand waited _ sword, sharpened stakes
for the end.

Suddenly, a bolt of lightning struck the ground in
front of you, charring one of the wolves. The others fled in
howling terror. A tall, muscular man stepped out from
behind a tree and clapped an icy-cold hand on your
shoulder. He told you that you were safe, and you believed
him.

Your rescuer brought you to Ceoris, where you related
to him the tale of your family's agonizing death. He
listened gravely and then asked you if you wanted revenge. = AMPIRE
You nodded eagerly. "Then you will have the opportunity, ars

‘Dawe Ao

>" he Nive: FANATIC Gr
in time," he told you. DasteaNon: DEFENDER Hives:

You lived with the apprentices, but you studied the art Ciacamc cis ae aber asia
ATES —<$<$@<$<$<—<——

of killing rather than the mysteries of alchemy and sorcery. Piven vine

You rarely saw your savior, for he spent most of his time ‘ 328 aie

away from Ceoris, searching for ancient stores of knowl-
edge and lost treasures of the past. You had other teachers.

You received the Embrace because it was necessary
"The Tremere have many enemies," you were told. "Most oe seeee

of them are immortal. To bring death to the undying, you, = 200000

too, must join their ranks." SEte888 Si
ADVANTAGES |

Twelve years after the voivode slaughtered your fam- ADWANTAG! ae
ily, you tracked him to his haven. Your Thaumaturgy te ae
Sours

gained you admittance into his stronghold, but your sword thee
removed his head. His death was the beginning of your —
quest for vengeance. Siena! aor eee

— 000000 @ eee 800000

Concept: Unlike most Tremere, you are a trained anh

killer — an assassin for your clan. Originally, you sought secveeesoo
onacnaogce

only to avenge your mortal family's death. Now, you take
Theo Po

a professional pride in eliminating Cainites and any others qacgoce
Etetstetetot

who threaten your new family

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2


POLISHED SCHEMER

Quote: In return for ceding these minor holdings to my clan
for the purpose of establishing a chantry, my lord, you have the
assurance of Tremere support in your claim to the recently vacated
princedom. We ask no other favors from you save your good will
and your gratitude

Prelude: Some call your work diplomacy; others refer to
itas lying. Regardless of the details, you are an expert at the art
of subtle negotiation and arbitration. You enjoy the interplay
of give and take necessary to bring opposing interests into a
mutually agreed upon accord. Others achieve victory with the
sword; your weapons are your mind and your carefully consid-
ered words.

You learned your skills from your father, who was a
renowned mediator in the Holy Roman Empire. Like him, you
saw the advantages of seeking to prevent the ravages of war by
establishing cordial relations among the petty nobles of East-
em Europe. When you felt ready to strike out on your own, you
traveled to France, where you offered your services to the local
nobility.

Your successes in France brought you to the attention of
the Church, and so— although you remained a layman — you

traveled throughout Europe
as a papal emissary. Finally,
you negotiated a delicate
agreement between the Pope
and a local noble. The Baron
de Granville congratulated
you on your expertise and
hosted a feast in your
honor, claiming he
wanted you to meet some

of his friends.

Those friends proved
to be an unusual group
of learned men and
women, who ques-
tioned youas yousupped

at your host's table al-
though they ate nothing
themselves. You answered
them as honestly as you
could, explaining to them
something of your methods
ofachieving agreements be-
tween supposedly
tractable parties. They
asked you if you planned to
work for the Church's in-
terests indefinitely; you

replied that you would continue to represent the Pope until
someone made you a better offer.

That offer came within the fortnight. Although you
found it hard to believe your new patrons' promise of eternal
existence, you found their insistence difficult to refuse. Now
that you have received the Embrace and belong, unbeating
heart and damned soul, to Clan Tremere, you realize that
Cainite powers influenced your decision. Now you wield
those same powers to sway the thoughts of others. You have
no regrets.

Concept: The Tremere selected you for your diplomatic
and political acumen. You exist to smooth the way for your
clan's expansion and to gain entry into Cainite society for the
Usurpers. The risks are greater than any you have ever taken
before, but the satisfaction you receive from successfully
gaining the advantage for your clan exceeds your previous
dealing with mere mortals

Roleplaying Hints: Always choose your words carefully
— not just when you engage in serious discussions with the
agents of the local Ventrue or Toreador prince. Even casual
conversation serves your — and your clan's — interests.
Study everyone you meet to ascertain how best to win their
support.

Equipment: Traveling clothes, court finery, letters
of introduction

SS

jor Daa Alors

Nawe: Narune: AUTOCRAT Gee
Pav Dawaroa: ANOVATOR Haven:
Cimoreur Cus TREMERE

ALTRI
Pays Soom.
e000. Mange coo

ABILITIES

Tauents ‘Skis,

'20000 Anim Ken 000000
Bo000 Arter, oo0000
000000 Enver
00 Hebala

000. Rik

Stet ee000 | Suv

Dscwunes Vorrees

Cone

Waren:
@eee000000
=] Soococooco

Buo0 Poot —

ooooo0ocn000
S8o00050000


Of Historical Mote:
The Sleeper of Ceoris

"THEY SAY OUR FOUNDER SLEEPS WITHIN THE HEART OF THIS FORTRESS, AND THAT, FROM THE
DEPTHS OF HIS SLUMBER, HIS SPIRIT TAKES NOTE OF ALL THAT TRANSPIRES ABOVE HIM ETRIUS IN
PARTICULAR CLAIMS TO FEEL TREMERES PRESENCE, BUT HIS EXPRESSION SHOWS THAT HE TAKES
LITTLE JOY TO HIS WORDS.

I TOO, HAVE FELT SOMETHING — OR SOMEONE — STIRRING RESTLESSLY IN THE DEEPEST PART OF
"THE NIGHT. THE WALLS CREAK AS IF AN UNSEEN FORCE PRESSES AGAINST THEM, AND THE VERY AIR:
\WITHIN THE CAVERNOUS HALLS GROANS WITH THE PASSING OF SOME MOMENTOUS BENG IT 1SNOT
PLEASANT SENSATION, I FEAR, SOMETIMES, THAT THIS IMPREGNABLE FOR TRESS SHOULD COLLAPSE
FROM THE WHGHT OF THE TERROR THAT PERMEATES ITS STONE FOUNDATIONS.

‘WHE THE OTHERS PRACTICE THEIR SECRET ENDEAVORS IN THER LABORATORIES OR PLOT THE
DEMISE OF THE LATEST OUTSIDE THREAT TO OUR BHEAGUERED CLAN, 1 REMAIN WITHIN THE
SANCTUARY OF THIS LIBRARY, ENSCONCED AMONG THE DUSTY PARCHMENTS AND SCROLLS AND
FORGOTTENBY MOST OF MY FELLOWS. HERE, INSOLITUDE, IPORE THROUGH THE ACCOUNTS OF THAT
FATERUL NIGHT WHEN TREMERE TOOK SAULOT'S ESSENCE TO FORTIFY HIS OWN VITAE AND
ESTASUSH OUR BLOODLINE AS A CLAN

"THOSE WHO WITNESSED THE EVENT HAVE UTTLE TO SAY ABOUT WHAT ACTUALLY TRAN-
‘SPIRED, IT IS AS IF SOME GREAT CONSPIRACY OF SILENCE FELL UPON THEM THEY REPORT ONLY THAT
"TREMERE FOUND THE ANTEDMLIVIAN, THAT HE SUCCEEDED IN SUBDUING SAUILOT'S TORPID FORM.
(HOW COULD HE NOT) AND THAT HE EMERGED TRIUMPHANT WITH THE POWER OF THE THIRD
(GENERATION COURSING THROUGH HIS VEINS.

1 SAW Our FOUNDER ONG, AIST AFTER HIS RETURN FROM SAULOT'S HAVEN His BODY
IRRADIATED A PALPABLE AURA OF MAGNIFICENCE AND GRANDEUR, BUT SOMEHOW, HIS EYES SEEMED
‘AIARDED, AS IF HIS ACTION HAD SPARKED AN INNER WAR.

ISTOOD AMONG THOSE WHO WAITED TO WELCOME HIM BACK, I DOUBT HE EVEN NOTICED ME,
APPEARING BOTH EXLLTANT AND WEARY.

"IT 1S DONE," HE PROCLAIMED IN A VOICE THAT BARELY ROSE ABOVE A WHISPER YET ECHOED
‘THROUGHOUT THE MEETING CHAMBER "WE ARE A CLAN BY BLOOD AND BY DESTINY." THAT WAS
ALL HESAID, OR ALLI CAN REMEMBER. THE REPORTS WRITTEN BY OTHERS VARY LITTLE FROM THAT
‘TEXT. PERHAPS IT IS WHAT HE WISHES US TO REMEMBER.

‘SHORTLY THEREAFTER, HE CALLED Etruus, GORATREG MEERUNDA AND HIS OTHER CLOSEST
ADVISORS INTO HIS PRESENCE WE HEARD LATER THAT TREMERE HAD VOLUNTARILY ENTERED
TORPOR, FOR THE REPOSE OF HIS SOUL AND FOR THE GOOD OF THE CLAN I HAVENOT SEEN HIM SINCE,

Now, some GO YEARS LATER, I SEEK TO UNDERSTAND THE TRUE IMPORT OF TREMERES
SACRIRCE £

‘Yes, ISAY TREVERES — AND NOT SAULOT'S ~ SACRIAE, BECAUSE I HAVE CAUSE TO WONDER
KIST WHO SUFFERED MORE AT SAULOT'S DEATH MOREOVER, I QUESTION WHETHER THE PRICE WE
PAID — OR RATHER, THE PRICE TREMERE PAID — TO ACQUIRE THE NECESSARY CREDENTIALS FOR OUR.
CLANS LEGITIMACY WAS NOT TOO HIGH

‘Tre Counai OF SEVEN GUIDES US, AND THEY DO THER BEST TO ADMINISTER RISTLY THE
AFFARS OF CLAN TREMERE STILL, WE ARE BEREFT OF TREMERES DIRECTION IT 1S AS IF HE HAS CUT
US LOOSE TO FEND FOR OURSELVES IN A DARK AND HOSTILE REALM, WITH ONLY OCCASIONAL TUGS
(AT THE MINDS OF ETREIS AND THE OTHERS TO GUIDE US THROUGH THIS MURKY QUAGMIRE OF
(CAINTIE EXISTENCE IT 55 NOT ENOUGH

AND THEN, THERE ARE THE DREAMS.

LIBELLUS GUINIS 2


"THE NIGHTMARES COME TO ME — THEY COME TO ALL OF US — IN THE MIDST OF OUR DAILY
REST. HAVE TRIED TO SPEAK TO MY GLOSEST COMPANIONS ABOUT THE TERRORS THAT CAUSE
‘THEM TO WAKE SCREAMING FROM THER AITFUL DAYTIME SLUMBER. THEY DO NOT SPEAK OF
‘WHAT CAUSES THOSE OUTCRIES OF DESOLATION, BUT I MUST RECORD FAITHFULLY MY OWN
EXPERIENCE

‘SOMETHING UNSPEAKABLE WALKS THESE HALLS. SHAPELESS, WITHOUT REAL SUBSTANCE
YET PREGNANT WITH MALEVOLENCE, IT WATCHES US ALL

‘YET, FoR ALL KNOW, THIS ENTITY MAY NOT WALK AT ALL I THINK THAT EVEN ASI SLEEP,
IEAR IT SUTHER PAST MY RESTING PLAGE, PAUSING FOR AN INTERMINABLE MOMENT TO USTEN
FOR SIGNS THAT ANYONE HAS DETECTED ITS PASSING. AT SUCH TIMES, I AWAKEN, MY SKIN
GUSTENING WITH BLOODY SWEAT. WANTING TO SCREAM I BITE MY LIPS INSTEAD TO COMPEL
MYSELF TO SILENCE BECAUSE I KNOW — I KNOW ~ IT WAITS JUST OUTSIDE MY DOOR.

AND THEN IT LAUGHS, INDULGENTLY AND MAUGOUSLY, IT SNEERS AT ALL US PITIFUL
Usurpms. AND ITS LAUGHTER HAS THE SOUND OF TREVERES VOICE — BUT NOT HIS VOICE
ALONE THEN I TRULY AWAKEN A SCREAM FORGNG ITS WAY PAST MY BLOODIED LIPS.

I1LOOK UPON THESE WORDS AND READ THE RAVINGS OF A MADMAN. PERHAPS THE CURSE
OF MIALKAV HAS DESCENDED UPON ONE OUTSIDE HIS UNE PERHAPS NOT.

I HAVE MADE MY DECSION THIS NIGHT, WHEN I COME TO THE END OF THIS PARCHMENT, I
INTEND TO DESCEND INTO THE HEART OF CEORIS AND DISCOVER THE TRUTH FOR MYSELF. Ir
"TREMERE HAS SOMEHOW TURNED AGAINST US, WE NEED TO KNOW TIS. IF HIS STRUGGLE TO
COME TO TERMS WITH HIS CONSGENCE HAS DRIVEN HIM TO MADNESS, WE MUST DISCOVER SOME
MEANS TO HELP HIM I GO NOW, BEFORE I WITHDRAW MY RESOLVE

Meerlinda,

Gbivect this doeument lo your allention; tt has cemained within my possesston since
Uhe disappearance of its author, Domokos, three years ago. Sfeel, for reasons best left
unvorced, that 173 loo perilous for me to retain it any longer. Please, for thesake of our
elan and for the respect J bear for you. and your work, keep 11 safe regardlessof your

| thoughts as tothe veracity of its contents.
All Seansay toyou is this: F, too, havenightmaressuch asDomokos has described.

TG, too, hear my own screams pull nefrom my daily rest Count yourself fortunate tobe

far from this place of growing unease; my thoughts grow lighter when J think thal you,

Uat least, are safe from thal which threatens} us in ways even J Cannot begin to
comprehend.
Orillen this 12 night of October, in the year 1198, by my oun hand,

Ofertas



"Benoit is that you?" 3 shouted into the
Andalusian night Our reconnaissance had
led to a skirmish and the cinging of Glade
upon ade still echoed in the shadovos of
teloww valley around us Garbed a eee
of the Keconquista, the enemy of my alli
my childe stepped over the dying body a
young Rhalid and cushed to greet me.

"VOhat strange fortune, sire! It is IO years
at (east since 3 Departed Trones' Dis laugh-
tia pane ywoas, of course, uncharged uponits
surlace, buf the fiee of wae burned in his
eyes, as ominous as the blood that stained
his succoat 3 wedcomed his embrace as
much as I had vohen we last parted voays,
but 3 sensed his unease.

"Ten years exactly, Genoif time enough
for you fo ecacn the right to call me as
name, certainly. Sut iehret of this uniform
you voeer? Hease tell me you have not cast
yout lot with the Keconquista!" I snorted
int obvious disbeliel


"| have, Michel." My childe's voice was defiant, but
his eyes sought the bloodied ground. | took his arm and
guided him from the battlefield. Enough time remained
before dawn for me to rejoin my companions after having
words with my misguided childe,

"] trust you realize whom you serve," I said, more
brusquely than I intended. Whoever held his allegiance, it
was good to see him again. The journey from Troyes had
been lonely, and despite my current alliance I spent most
of my nights in battle or solitude. Granted, Benoit had
left me long before |
still my childe.

"] do. I am not proud of this, but it is a
matter of necessity. In return for my services
toChristendom in ridding Iberia of the Moors,

Maffeo Altieri of the Lasombra has agreed to.
assist my allies in expelling the Ventrue and
their English slaves from the Aquitaine."

His words stunned me. "Have you
lost all sense, Benoit? What possessed
you to do such a thing?" Benoit knew
I hated them even more than the
Patricians. He knew such a deal
would alienate him from the rest of
ourclan. He —I struggled to regain
my composure, knowing my fight
against frenzy was plain for him to
see. "It is not the way of the
Magisters to become directly in-
volved in anyone's conflicts. A
Lasombra's word carries even less
substance than his reflection
Whatever comes of this devil's bar-
gain you have struck will be far from
what you intended, my friend."

He looked away from me, brows
crooked and dark above his eyes.

"Do you think me a fool, Sir

Monvignier? Childe of the most

famed and learned Alypius? I have not

been sitting idle in my little French

keep for 10 years gathering cobwebs and

waiting for Divine Providence to banish

my enemies back across the Channel. I have

garnered allies from Normandy to Toledo, allies who
would be more than happy to drive the Patricians back to
their little island!"

deemed him ready, but he was

"You and your allies may smash the Ventrue into
powder, but it will not displace-the English taint from
French soil. Do not suppose, as the Magisters do, that

vampires govern the world. Influence it, yes, but it is the
mass of humans who guide nations' destinies, not the
Cainites above them. Seek your allies among the kine, not

LIBELLUS SHNGUINIS 2

the damned Lasombra! It is up to the French people to
expel the English from our homeland. Do not expect the
Lasombra to do it for them!"

We laughed then, and for a moment it was not as sire
and childe nor as old friends, but the laughter of brothers
Ten years ago we laughed that way, but 10 years ago he
would not have made bargains with the devil. Benoit
sobered suddenly, and gazed out upon the wreckage of the
valley. Despite our laughter of a moment ago, tension still

weighed in the air
"No, I will not turn from my path. This
feels right, Michel. Altieri has ensured us
passage through the port of Bordeaux. We
plan to spare one Patrician's life, so that
all his clan will know that a Lasombra
loosed the blood-crazed Brujah onto
their city. It is my hope to turn the two
clans upon one another. | am not alone
in this—"
"You play their game," | warned, "a
game in which you know nothing of the
true stakes. Join me, instead! Surely
this mad pact you have made cannot
be so momentous as to pit you against
your sire and clan. I promise you,
whatever bargain you have contrived
the Lasombra will twist to their own
ends."
"You know full well Magisters
occupy both sides of the Reconquista
Perhaps one pulls your strings, yes? And
how long until one of your Saracen allies
sinks his teeth into your neck? Better to
serve Christendom and the war against
the Ventrue than Assamites and

Moors."

"There are better ways. Our breth-

ren in Portugal are already putting their

plans into effect."

"Bah! You plan, you debate, you bide

your time with pretty speeches and tales

of how marvelous the world shall be when

we have won the final battle, but you do noth-

ing! Nomore, Michel. I haveallies, I have brothers

of our clan behind me, and I am prepared to overcome

anyone who would stop me. He who is not with me is
against me."

A thousand replies hung upon my lips, unspoken, as]
watched him stride into the darkness.

"Farewell, Michel," he called back to me. "If there are
any men among the elders of Lisbon, tell them | await their
visit." Then my childe left me for the last time, consumed
by the shadows of al-Andalus.


21 Con |

Listen carefully to what I have to say, Francisco. We
may be immortal, but that does not mean I will spend my
time repeating myself. I have already told you what you are;
itis time you learned who you are. Only by understanding

very facet of what it means to be Brujah can you hope to
play a role in bringing about the Ideal. | have wandered
Europe from east to west, spoken and fought with brothers
of every faction and heard arguments for and against every
cause. Everything I have learned I tell you, but remember,
this is my version of the truth. Clan Brujah is diverse in
attitude and belief; though I strive fora balanced view, not
aone of our brotherhood will agree with me on all points.

The blood of Brujah that now suffuses your flesh has
passed down to you from the finest thinkers and leaders of
Cainite society. We are warriors, yes, but proficiency with
the blade is meaningless without a strong mind to guide
the hand that holds the sword. Prior to the fall of Carthage,
our clan blended perfectly the arts of war and philosophy.
Each decade since, we have faltered a little more in our
discipline and our dedication to the preservation of Brujah's
line and the pursuit of the Ideal.

Clan Brujah is splitting, Francisco, and the fault lies
within our own house, The Gerousia — the "old men" of
our clan — and their followers espouse patience and
consolidation of the ancient social and military wisdom
that we command. They say they will lead us to victory,
but I have yet to meet an elder who leads from the front
lines. Younger Brujah, especially those Embraced since
Rome's fall, challenge the old men at every turn, unwilling
to sit idly by while the clan's enemies tighten their grip
upon the reins of power. The most unruly we call the Ruck;
they are brash, follow no rules but their own, and never
shirk from a fight. Those few, like myself, who stand
between these extremes urge compromise and peace, but
asa clan we are becoming less and less capable of sustain
ing either

Note that when I speak of our brothers I speak of all
Brujah, male and female. The women in our ranks are as
capable in thought and action as any male member, and
take pride in demonstrating this to the unbelievers. Be

careful how you address them.

Our Nose
HisTORY

THE BRUIAH IDEAL

Brujah's Ideal, as my sire and friend Alypius tls it, codified
system adjudicating the manner in which Cainites were to deal
with mortals and with each other. However potent our gifts,
mortals, through sheer numbers, are far more dangerous than the
handful of Cainites who liveamong them. The Ideal thus forbade
the killing of a human for sustenance or whim. Vampires
expected mortals to serve willingly and to pay a tithe in blood
each month, lest they be entirely consumed. The code likewise
forbade war between Cainites, for in those days mortals held
vampires as gods, and if they discovered that the gods could be
slain, Brujah reasoned, it might mean the end for us all.

The Ideal recognizes all Brujah as brothers and all childer of
Caine as equals, but few agree on that last point. Remember,
Francisco, this is an ideal. The elders point to the Six Traditions
as evidence that Caine himself countenanced Brujah's code
This only reaps furtherderision from ourpeersand thesuspicions
of our younger brethren, who bitterly point out that even among
the Brujah elders are typically equal only to themselves. It is
ironic but telling that the Ruck war against the supporters of the
very Traditions their own elders worked to enact.

The Ideal may have its faults, but what could possibly be
wrong with a sharing of power among our Cainite peers? What
better way to still the Jyhad and provide voice to the fractious
childer that plague all our clans? All that stands between the
present and the Ideal are immortal egos, most especially those of
the Ventrue and Lasombra. What Patrician would gladly step
down from his throne to share a commoner's table with his
Brujah fellows? What Magister skulking in the shadows would
not take every opportunity to bind a Cainite council to his will?
It is the hauteur of such as these that keeps the Ideal from
reaching its fulfillment, Francisco! Its the greed of petty tyrants
and manipulators that thwarts our own efforts to achieve har-
mony among our kind! One night, we will raise up again our
fallen cities, not for ourselves, but for all Cainites. The wise will
then choose between our Ideal and the promise of eternal
subservience to the Ventrue. If our enemies wish for peace, we
shall have it. they make war upon ws, we shall have their heads,

BOOK THREE: BRUJAH


LIBELLUS

HELLAS AND CARTHAGE

You cannot understand our present without some famil-
iarity with our past. The history of our clan extends to the very
beginnings of mortal civilization, but the Golden Ages «
Carthage and Hellas were our own, the highest points of our
success. The Brujah chose Hellas — always Hellas, never
Greece —as.a philosophical proving ground. Despite the lack
of traditions to bind them, our elders expended little effort in
influencing mortal affairs. How can one conduct an experi-
ment if one influences the results? How can we judge a mortal
worthy of the Embrace if his every action has been according
to vampiric dictates?

Though all of Hellas received our attentions, Athens

became the focal point. Every generation brought new leader

ship, and often a new form of government, which our scholars
studied and refined with further generations. How many of the
codes and reforms of the city originated with the Brujah an¢
how many with Solon, Peisistratus and other leaders only the
eldest know? Itis hardly significant. What is important is that
as Athens took steps to suppress corruption and become
increasingly democratic, the ability ofa single Cainite to effect
change diminished significantly. This is the key to subversion,
Francisco — the more mortals collectively empower them-
selves, the weaker our enemies become. Humanity is the key
through them all our succes

Such was the clan's prosperity that we allowed other
Cainites entrance to our lands. By our leave, Toreador inspired
the artisans of Hellas to achieve ever greater works, and the
Salubri found thei wisdom welcome within our walls. So long
a our guests abided by our laws, we welcomed all Cainites
Through human ingenuity and immortal guidance the Golden
Age of Hellas achieved new advances in every field of en
deavor. Alas that it could not last forever.

Why is it the loss of Carthage and not the fall of Hellas
that so calls forth our fury against the Ventrue and Lasombra?
In the answer lies the earliest source for the dissent that wracks
our clan. The twilight days of Hellas saw our eldest abandon
the cities, supposedly to meditate on all they had learned over
the previous millennium, Alll the magnificence of Hellas, and
it was only an experiment! This undertaking, the evolution
and manipulation of the greatest civilization the world had yet
witnessed, came to an end. So devoted were these Praedicanda
— the "most renowned" of the Brujah — to their quest for the
perfect society that they gave up Hellas and all it had produced
tomortal care and the mercy of Rome. Beware such hubris, and
the corruption of ages that tums you from the Ideal

Many of their childer fought, and met Final Death, during
the war that ensued. Others spread to the corners of the earth
in hopes of founding a new Athens or Sparta, or fled to
Carthage, unaware that Scipio's armies already doomed that
city. A small contingent of our brotherhood decided upon a
different course. Any citizen of Hellas, mortal or Cainite, who

did not oppose their enemies became an enemy himself. One


by one, as Troile to Brujah, they slaughtered their elders.
The Praedicanda slew those rebellious ones they could
find, and claim to this night that the Baali foment played
arole in the betrayal. Word of this atrocity leaked to the
other clans, and since that day they have named us Zeal-

ots. Few Brujah today know of the treachery committed by
the Praedicanda and their childer, but the clan bears its
burden nonetheless in the schism that divides us, young
from old. Alypius posits that the source of our rage, too,
lies in the betrayal of Hellas, not the fall of Carthage, but
the truth may never be known.

If Hellas represents our heritage, Carthage embodies
our pride. The Brujah of that time instituted the perfect
integration of mortal advancement and immortal guid-
ance. This was no experiment, but the triumph of our
clan's most essential beliefs! Neither before nor since has
the clan orchestrated such a focused effort to recreate the
Ideal we perceive the First City to have been. Then, as you
know, our city fell, razed to the ground by Publius Scipio
Africanus Minor and his Ventrue allies. Those of our clan
who still lived fled to every point on the earth, and to this
day the fury of our loss boils our blood. We are a tenacious
clan, Francisco; we do not give up our causes without a
fight. The Brujah built Carthage to be the Third City of
the childer of Caine; memories and the thirst for revenge
fade slowly among immortals.

Be warned, even among our kind the victors too often write
the histories, and Brujah survivors of the final days of Carthage
are few indeed. The Ventrue take great pleasure in denouncing
our ancient triumphs, and many believe them. Their version of
history speaks of Carthage as some devil's pit of demon worship
and human sacrifice. They beguile listeners with stories of our
complicity with the Infernal and portray our city as some great
sacrificial altar to the Devil — a devil who had not yet been
invented! Is there any mention of the advancements of Cainite
and mortal society that our creation fostered and which Rome
could only hope to emulate? Never! Cold within our enemies'
hearts swells jealousy at the very thought of Rome's insignifi-
cance next to the splendor of the Third City of Caine. And in
such a wonder as this we would cast infants into flaming pits?
Engage in blood orgies and Infernal rites worthy only of the foul
Baali? We, who fought side by side with the noble Salubri against
that same accursed bloodline?

Learnéd Alypius will not lower himself to speak of their
absurd fabrications. A pity he could not have lived in the time of
Carthage, for all who know him accept his word as truth. These
fictions are vilest slander, and those who spout it, Ventrue or
otherwise, shall answer for them on the points of our blades. And
many have! They cry innocence when I begin, but they scream,
"Mercy!" before I finish. The things they say, childe — the lies
they tell to others.... We must make these perjurers suffer,
Francisco! We must make these liars bien!

on

StrENGTH OF Bopy, Focus oF Mrvp:

‘The more éynical detractors of our clan remark on how we have degenerated in our:Disciplines.
Why; they ask, should philosophers and scholars pursue Potence and Celerity rather than-endowments
more applicable to intellectual pursuits? They askif itis not a symptom/of:the clan's-ultimate failure
that we now rely onthe powers of war and-passion. What these fools fail to understand is:that Brujah,
dedication to unearthing the still-hidden potential oftour vampiric forms madé these Disciplines -what
they are today.

We Brujah have always been'a clan of focus. Whether in search of a singular piece of knowledge;
‘experimenting with some newly:conceived philosophy, or working to bring change to a stagnant society,
ourability to concentrate on a single goalis unparalleled among the descendantsof Caine. As the notion
of civilization flourished, the elders of oar clan felt it wise to-hone the body as‘an-exercise ‘of the mind
and a means of protecting it. They: referred to this perfection of body and mind as Entelechy, the
realization of potential: Though hardly the limit of our focus, perfection of Cainite powers has heen the
clan's consuming passion since the earliest times. In those days our Cainite powers werestilldeveloping,
and ‘very rough in practice. The strength of an ancient could crush a friend in greeting were he not
careful, and his speed was useful for little else-than running on an open field. Disturbed by this lack of
focus, the Brujah took it upon theniselves to masterithese abilities-to.the point of total control, and to.
adel their skills to any who wished to learn.

Now there is no need for special trainingto utilize these-arts efficiently. Only the meanest-of our:
‘clan'cannot saddle a horse or garb himselfforwarat many times the speed of a mortal, and all canembrace
alovédoneor raise a portcullis with the strength appropriate to éither action. Still; our-eldérs are never
satisfied, and seek‘now-to improve Celerity beyond what itcurrently-offers. 1¢ will be interesting to see
what:they gife as with-when:those-researches finally bearfruits 5

AN ee Ole \Paaae, oe AE nist ar| pa HeES 2
BOOK THREE: BRUJAH

PEERED


Our DyING
TRADITIONS

Uniry

It is a cruel irony that by Embracing only the most
revolutionary and idealistic thinkers, our elders ensured
the very dissent that tears at the Brujah. The clan is no
longer greater than the sum of its parts. The change has
been gradual, but the distinction between the Brujah of
the past and the future grows more noticeable with each
passing year. Alypius tells me that our gatherings once
consisted of brilliant orations and polite debate, but in 70
years I have heard nothing of the sort. The Gerousia's
laments for nights none of us remember drown under the
Ruck's ranting against enemies and each other. Such
foolishness! The elders utter little sighs of disappointment
and trot back to their demesnes as if they expected the
young ones to beg their pardon. Neither accomplishes
anything but further decay

I think the elders spent too many years of their lost
youth in meditation. They while away their nights trapped
in antiquated memories and endlessly plotting retributions

that they never carry forth. I have no doubt that the

strength of their beliefs equals that of our younger breth-
ren, but fear of meeting Final Death tempers the fire of
their willingness to act. The Ruck think them as caught up
in tradition as the damned Ventrue and manipulative as
the Magisters, and I cannot dispute their case. Elder obses-
sion with rebuilding a lost city in a world that will not
tolerate it alienates at least as many brethren as it attracts,
They are powerful, and they are wise, but if the Gerousia
are to rebuild Carthage they must adapt to a world 1000
years changed from their own

Do not think me one-sided in my viewpoint, Fran-
cisco. The Ruck are capable of being every bit as intolerable
and intolerant as our elders. They will argue any point
merely for the sake of arguing. Why bother with diplomacy
when strength, speed and numbers favor them? Why be-
come bogged down in the traditions of the past when they
have already failed us? One cannot blame the Gerousia for
characterizing their wayward childer as impulsive and
illiterate wastrels squandering the legacy of their clan. In
the eyes of the Ruck, skill with a sword and hatred of
nobility alone warrant the Embrace. A process that once
took months, even years, they consummate in but a week
I do not think they even know why they fight

This is what we have become. While our clan retains
its name, the rift between the young and old, the sense of
"us versus them," persists. am hardly a neonate, but even


I find it difficult to feel a sense of true brotherhood with a
clanmate Embraced three centuries ago. Unless those of us
caught between the young and old force understanding
and compromise between the two, the schism within the
Brujah clan will break us all. The ties that bind us loosen
more with every passing year. If ever you call upon a brother
for aid, and he does not come, you will know the end of our
clan draws near.

THE TRAINING HALL

This room, in which | Embraced you, is my training
hall, what our Hellenic elders call a sphairisteria. The
training hall is a Brujah's sanctum, his retreat from the
outer world. Here, I can study from the books and scrolls
Ihave collected during my wanderings, practice with my
blade or sharpen control of my physical Disciplines. Even

a century past my Embrace I exercise my skills at every

opportunity. Levering a 500-pound block of granite three

handspans from the floor is simplicity. Maintaining that
exact distance while playing an entire game of chess is not,
no matter what your strength. Practice at archery is one
way to hone your control of Celerity; this peg board is
another. Precision is everything, Francisco.

This hall is small when compared to the edifices some
of our brothers erect. The Hellenic Brujah construct their
sphairistevia to resemble ancient temples to the gods (which
is an honest indicator of these brothers' estimations of
themselves). Brujah of Portugal and Spain prefer open
courtyards and drill no matter what the weather; indeed,
they relish training even in the fiercest storms. Outside of
al-Andalus, though, nearly all training halls are enclosed
buildings hewn of stone orsmall, hidden chambers like this
one. Most brothers still build their halls from stone quar-
ried by their own hands or tear down trees for lumber where
good stone is limited. We use a minimum of tools to
construct our sphairisteria, in the belief that building the
hall with one's own hands and blood is the first step on the
road to Entelechy.

The training halls of the Brujah are as individual as the
brothers who build them, but some common traits exist. As
we emphasize the mind as much as the body, all worthy halls
contain writings well-suited todevelopingour intellect. Some
authors in my collection you will not recognize. They are the
names of Brujah philosophers whose writings I am most
fortunate to own; you will read them.


Even at such a low point in our history as this, we are
a proud clan, and decorate our halls with trophies of our
victories. The coat-of-arms and morningstar you see be-
neath my own belonged to the Lasombra Guillaume Duese,
whose "superior" blood spattered my blade as I hacked him
into mincemeat. He was arrogant, in the manner of all
Magisters, and underestimated my prowess. | wish I could
better recall the look in his eyes as I lopped off his head

We commemorate all our victories with such memen-
tos except for those won against the Baali. Not a one of us
defiles our sanctums with the filth of that accursed blood-
line. Leave their flesh and bones to the sun, that the
heavens may deal with them appropriately. Anything else
in their possession, whether it be a church or a child,
destroy without pause.

Some well-traveled brothers keep exotic weapons gar-
nered from lands ranging from unknown Africa to the
lands of the Mongols in their halls. Elders possess grand
and ancient works of art from a hundred long dead civili-
zations. Buristocles of Thessalonica creates miniature
working models of the cranes and siege engines of
Archimedes. Salassa of Amastris is famous within the clan
for the chess sets she carves from the mystically preserved
bones of our most hated enemies (white from Ventrue,
black from Lasombra). Near Lisbon lies Hamilcar's
Palaestra, perhaps the largest of all training halls, in which
hang the ivory tusks of Hannibal's famed elephants.

Ivis customary for Brujah who possess halls to Embrace
their childer within them, as I did with Benoit and your-
self, but this is a rare unanimity in Brujah tradition,
Hellenic Brujah wear no clothes within the sphairisteria,
regardless of gender and company. Italian Brujah keep the
bones of their mortal families and friends in sepulchers
built within their halls. I have seen this tradition followed
by our Iberian brethren, who set aside a single night in May
to meditate upon the bones of their dead and perhaps
commune with their souls.

It may sound to you that training halls are universal
within the clan, but this is no longer the case. True, it is
exceptionally rare for an elder not to have a training hall
Alypius abandoned his long ago to travel, but I cannot
think of another such example. It is equally rare, how-
ever, for the young Brujah among the Ruck to build halls
Their knowledge of the tradition is typically sparse and
their transience too great to devote themselves to the
construction and care of these shrines to Entelechy. |
never refuse a brother who asks entrance, though, no
matter what his age or beliefs might be. Once a guest
enters these walls, however, lam his master, free to inflict
whatever form of instruction upon him I deem fit
rarely appreciated honor for us to invite vampires of other
clans into our halls, but few Brujah can resist the temp-
tation to flaunt their skills

TF

5
3

55

Iw Tue Tranxine HALL

In:time; Francist6, you will become capable of lifting these stones, even throwing
them while using the speed your blood provides. The levers and-pulleys exist to help
you pérfect control over your strength; what I know of their making and :uses: I will
show you. Archimedes demonstrated that the proper arrangement of cogs and pulleys
allowed a single mortal:man to:draw a‘fully laden ship from the water: Think of what
a single Brujah: can do-with the same learning!

Jayill not allow: you to make the mistake that-too many of our clan (including my
first childe) now make, namely-that of hardening their physical abilities arthe expense
of all-élse. My library is small, -but-you will-read every word of it before declare you
fit to leayémy mentorship. Over games of chess and backgammon ‘you will memorize
your lineage and stories of your clanmates. You will test your powers over emotion
upon my retainers. [will expose you to fire, so that you know the fear it incites. You
will learn everything I have to teach you, andI am nota gentle master. I will beat you
with sword and ‘stone, test you upon every word you read and-hunt you down by
indonlight, Epounded iron nails into: Benoit's skull when he failed me; and still-he is
no better than the rest-of the Ruck. If you forceme to resort to: harsher-means of


THE OtyMpic IDEAL

The personal goal of every Brujah, traditionally speak-

ing, is the perfection of mind and body; | urge you to make
it your own. What constitutes "perfection" I will let my
brothers debate. What is important is that we continually
test ourselves in ways that will prove our development.
The Hellenes encouraged athletics to keep their warriors
in fighting condition, and developed the Panhellenic
games as an incentive for the physical training of all their
citizens. Every decade, the Hellenic Brujah call a panegyra,
a universal gathering for the clan on the island of Chalcis,
where we sponsor Cainite versions of traditional Olympic
games. If you wish to impress your elders, and to trade tales
and viewpoints with brothers of every nation, attend the
games.

Mind you, our brothers in Hellas carry their traditions
like a coat of arms, Athletes compete in the nude, and the
javelin and discus are still part of the pentathalon, with
wrestling, sprinting and the broad jump. The judges group
competitors by strength of blood to prevent the elders
from dominating the contests, and channeling vitae for

rity is frowned upon

I never want to strike a brother so much as at the
games. The victors grow more haughty with every decade,
but beware goading a loser into frenzy! The punishments
vary, but the judges strive to inflict humiliation rather
than serious injury on offenders. I am proud to have
personally pulled the lever that catapulted Erik Guntharson
and the elder Afaya into the Aegean Sea. Such a bath is a
fine way to cool tempers, yes?

We do not restrict the games to vampires of our own clan,
but itis rare for others to join us. Toreador who appreciate the
physical body come to observe our athletes, allegedly to study
movement and form but just as likely to whet their lusts. The
judges keep a watch for Malkavians interested in disrupting
the events. The judges deal harshly with those caught, but this
does not disstade the Madmen from their efforts. Seventeen
ritable abyss in the broad jump sand pit,

and howled like fiends when Galayne

years ago they dug
concealed their w
fell into their trap, The one Malkavian foolish enough to be
caught still lingers in that very pit
Our clan's Hellenic Games have altered little over the
past millennium, and serve asa proud reminder of
however, and new blood into the clan,

as of what constitutes amusement. The

eritage.
Time brings chan,
with their own i

BOOK THREE: BRUJAH


Gerousia think them degenerate, but in truth these games
represent new traditions being forged to unite our clan. Such
pastimes might repulse you, but they are very much a part of

what it is to be Brujah. I have yet to meet the elder who does
not revel in his strength and speed, sensations felt even more
profoundly by neonates. Our pursuit of Entelechy begins with
the advancement of these traits, and our entertainments
demand it

Following the destruction of Carthage and annexation of
Hellas, our surviving brothers fled to all ends of Europe in the
Brujah Diaspora. Some Ventrue, not content with conquer-
ing our homelands, hunted us down like animals. That we
slew many of the Patrician hunters during that dark time does
not ease the memories of those who survived their persecu-
tions. The Nemesine Hunt began as a means of vengeance
against the Ventrue, but our brethren no longer restrict
themselves to that class of prey. Hunters participating in this
rite set a captured vampire free perhaps a league from the
nearest town and give him a few moments lead before giving
chase. Through speed and numbers they act as a pack of
wolves, driving their quarry in whatever direction suits them.
Ihave heard of hunters guiding their Cainite game into the
forest to be slaughtered by shapeshifters, but that may only be
a braggart's tale. The edge of the wood isno boundary to those
devilspawn, who would be as content with the flesh of Bruja
as Ventrue. Most often, the hunters drive the prey throughout
the night, beat it into torpor and leave it for the morning sun.
The most brazen, or vengeful, packs even go so far as to leave
messages for their victims, informing the unfortunates of the
impending hunt

Perhaps no single act of our clan inspires the malice (and
fear) of other Cainites than the Nemesine Hunt, but the Ruck
who pursue this tradition care nothing for others' opinions. |
find this a fitting punishment against the Lasombra and
Ventrue, but itis foolishness to assault other Cainites this way
if we are to gather more allies. There are other, equally
entertaining, ways to deal with our foes.

I favor the barathron to the hunt, an honorable trial by
ordeal. Combatants fight honorably, and many win their
freedom (the very reason why many brethren prefer the
hunt). The barathron is similar to other Cainite trials by
combat, but as the name implies, both combatants duel
within a pit dug for the purpose. The accused receives choice
of weapons but not opponents. Brothers often fight among
themselves for the privilege, but invariably the strongest and
fastest claims the right. Ingenuity occasionally conquers
brute force, but the lesson rarely leaves an impression upon
the Ruck. Elders find use for this ordeal as well, employing it
not only as a form of trial but to demonstrate and practice
their skills. The Gerousia may be a secretive and arrogant lot,
but they are frightening in their power.

Duels between brothers are as popular now as in the
clan's Hellenic days, when boxing and wrestling depended
upon skill rather than brute force. The latter factor domi-


nates such competitions now, even between elders. The
single rule of these challenges disallows the use of weapons.
Opponents gouge out eyes, break limbs, snap fingers, crack
spines and twist necks at amazing speed, all the while balanc-
ing the use of Celerity with the healing of wounds. Ah,
nothing generates such feelings of exhilaration and camara-
derie as pummeling your brothers with all the strength our
nature grants us! We hold mortals nearby to replenish our-
selves, especially in event of the occasional accidental removal
ofa limb, but we try to choose only the aged, or pawns of our
enemies. We obviously cannot allow human witnesses to
report what they have seen, regardless of whether anyone
would believe them

Sometimes mortal witnesses serve a valuable purpose,
however, as much for entertainment as subversion. The Ruck
favor the tactic of preying upon mortal superstitions, to the
detriment of those who govern over them. Whether caving
in the homes of peasants, slaughtering mortals' livestock in
gruesome ways or Dominating townsfolk into leaping from
city walls, our brothers cause such terror among the people
that they often rebel against an aristocrat unable to protect
them. The lack of subtlety of this tactic often calls the
attentions of other Cainites — a curse or blessing, depending
onwho seeks to confront us. The real danger of this approach
lies not in vampiric opposition but the intervention of the
Church. There exist in this world beings of such faith as to
burn your flesh to ash. Remember what I have told you:
Whatever other vampires may claim, the mortals are infi-
nitely more dangerous than we.

"THE GAME OF KINGS
"As a clan determined to achieve perfec:

tion, Wwe constantly!test:durselves, even "in
our: choices of entertainments 1 Know. you
enjoy dice): but: to develop Your mind; and
impréss: your elders, we shall play: games of
skill: Backgammon and ipachisi ate the clas-
sical favorites, but chess: dominates' the

© cinvexest of mast Brajah, who consider it the

* Sperfect blend of ure and strategy Many breth-
ren. possess a migh fanatical attitude toward
the game, and pay bigh\prices for boards and
pibees of gold, silveror ivory, Salassa, dinong
others;takes pride in carving her own pieces;
and-training halls of the most atdent players
Spall dppenel@e setae You Would receive.
more respect from these. masters defeating (
one. in chess than if you ‘singlehandedly 7
rebuilt the ‘tallest tower of Carthage: 3


PHILOSOPHY

A perfect physique is only so much meat without a

strong mind to guide it. This charging bull mentality that
has evolved among our younger brothers sickens me. Clan
Brujah includes the wisest, most original thinkers of the
Cainite race, and these childer find nothing better to do
than duel one another with fallen trees! Through lack of

teaching I failed Benoit; I will not fail again with you.

First, do not look to Plato or Aristotle to answer
questions about what you are. You are a vampire. Plato did
not write for you. Brujah tradition, however, claims one
who did, called Heracleitus of Ephesus. You will not find
two Brujah who interpret his words identically, but I will

teach you as my sire taught me, albeit briefly.

Heracleitus sought a single idea that would govern all
things acall times. This idea, he decided, was fire. Through
fire, the universe exerts change. Wood turns to ash, water
turns to steam. The universe itself is static, but always in
! The sun is as constant

motion. Precisely — like a vampii

as we, but by its light is everything possible

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

Without day there can be no night; so it is with all
opposites. If God is the divine fire of the universe, then God
must encompassall things: good and evil, winterand summer,
human and Cainite. Thro
does all change occur. Strife, therefore, is necessar
takes place within our clan. Brujah serve, then, a
change. In our blood burns the divine fire, and it is our duty
to pass this fire to mortal and Cainite alike. The manner of
this passing, of course, depends on to whom you speak.

the conflict of opposing pairs
even if it
ents of

This is an old belief in our clan and rarely passed down
anymore, but just knowing the name of Heracleitus highly
impresses the Gerousia. Even the Ruck appreciate his theo-
ries, since it all but excuses their refusal to find common
ground with their elders. Mind you, this is not the final word
of Brujah belief. Thrasymachus of Chalcedon promoted the
idea that might makes right. Most of the Ruck follow hiscreed
whether they know it or not. Another, Anacharsis, held that
no lasting justice can be established for men, since the clever
will twist any laws to their own advantage. What you choose
to believe is your choice, but never forget that your blood is
also fire. If you do not guide it, it will rule you


For THE GREATER
(Soop

In working toward the Ideal, we wish for nothing more
than the betterment of Cainite society. Let the damnable
Lasombra think what they will, we are all equals, some just
older than the rest. Some Brujah even consider us no more
superior to mortals than we are toone another, but I think you
can see that view for the absurdity it is. To better achieve this
goal our clan has plumbed the depths of its vampiric and
human natures, believing that through perfect understand-
ing and integration of these aspects of the self we can bring
about perfection, Entelechy, in those around us. The means
by which we seek to attain this ultimate state have changed
over the centuries, the focus shifting from inner exploration
to the exertion of influence on the world without

We may no longer be human, but by clinging to human
values we discipline ourselves to face the Beast and maintain
our empathy with mortals. No clan has such a rapport with
humankind as we, nor is any as effective at implementing its
vision through mortal channels.

The urge to question prevailing beliefs and formulate
new ones, not as a clan but as individuals, leaves us with a
weak grip upon our creations. When focused, we Brujah are
masters of planning for the moment, but once that moment
is past we hold our course no better than a storm-caught ship.

Somehow, the very act of organization brings dissent to our
brethren. Idealism breeds a suspicion of order, and what
infighting begins, the manipulations of our enemies often
completes.

Over a half-century ago we gained power in Italy and
Sicily through the ascendance of Roger Il. Through him we
opened the gates of freedom and enlightenment toll mortals
and, eventually, our fellow Cainites. Ah, it was as close to
Paradise as the Brujah had achieved in 1000 years! It was also
a trap. Our brothers in Palermo gave the Toreador entrance
as the first step in integrating other Cainites into their new
society. The weak-willed Artisans made perfect pawns for the
Lasombra. Theit most innocuous suggestions, flawlessly
worded to appeal to our brothers' idealism, lulled the Brujah
ekklesia into false security. Damn them all, but the Magisters
excel at their art! Our brethren never saw the shadows
thickening around them until the trap was sprung. The
ekklesia might have succeeded in turning back the Lasombra,
but something old was on the Magisters' side. Numerous as
the Brujah were in Palermo, they could not match an ancient
with the element of surprise. Few escaped, but those lost to
the shadows will be avenged! Let ussee if they reflect my blade
when it is buried in their livers! Let us see if they can
command shadows cast from their burning corpses! Let us see
their hubris turn their bodies to ash...!

My apologies, Francisco, you may come out. The Ventrue
may be our greatest enemy, but the Lasombra inflame my
wrath like no other. Puppeteering cowards, all of them! This
brings us to an important question, one that even the eldest
consider more with each passing year. Can we fulfill the Ideal
while other Cainites yet live? Can a place such as Carthage
exist in a world torn by the Jyhad? More and more | think not,
and I am hardly alone. Some clans, such as the Gangrel and
Toreador, are amicable or indifferent enough to our goals as
not to present a problem. Then again, I wish you luck in
telling one of theTzimisce about brotherhood! Try explain-
ing toa Lasombra the meaning of equality! They may nod and
smile and applaud your wisdom, but they only wait for you to
turn your back.

What, then, can we do? As impractical as the Ideal
seems in this age, very few of us wish to abandon it entirely.
Some dream of making war upon all our fellows, but they
are as deluded as those who think we can all be friends. 1
agree with our brothers who submit that only by total
separation from other Cainites can we come closest to
fulfilling Brujah's Ideal. Our brethren in the fledgling
kingdom of Portugal support this very theory, but they
make more noise in bickering than do the Tzimisce in
torturing! Still, I see them as holding the best hope of
creating a new Carthage.

Our most profound success of recent years originated,
ironically, not from immortal machinations but from hu-
man dreams of independence from the nobility. In the year
1020 the king of Castile granted the city of Leon the first
communal charter for self-rule, freeing the populace from
noble domination. We seized upon the opportunity to
plant a thorn into the Magisters' backside, only to see it
blossom into something more: a revolution. Our ability to
guide mortals along chosen paths served us well. By the end
of the century, Burgos, Toledo, Barcelona and others
received communal charters of their own, and the fire had
spread to Lomabardy, England and France — where it still
burns brightly. Oh, if you speak to a Magister he will crow
proudly about his plottings coming to fruition, but with
every charter granted their trembling increases.

Remember this lesson; the greater the power wielded
by ordinary mortals, the more difficult it is for our enemies
to maintain control over their noble and ecclesiastical
puppets. This sort of quiet subversion may seem contrary to
our nature, but if the commoners have the power and the
Brujah support the commoners, we will sweep our enemies'
chessmen from the board!

The French nobility and clergy and their Cainite masters
still resist communal expansion bitterly, the reason I returned
with you from Portugal so quickly. The fighting in Tournai
ended in our favor; even threats of papal excommunication
could not overcome the mortals' passion for independence. In
Troyes I severed Guillaume Duese's head from his neck, and

BOOK THREE: BRUJAH


in Rouen I urged the people to ransack the homes of the
cathedral canons. Remember, Fi
key to victory against our enemies. They are the lever of
Archimedes with which we can move the world. Let the
Lasombra and Ventrue have their ways with aristocrats and
bishops; so longas the Brujah mold the will of the masses, they
must ponder us with fear!

Tue DepicaTED

Though few in number, the Dedicated dominate the
affairs of the clan whenever they make themselves known.
They carry the pursuit of Entelechy far beyond the bounds
explored by the rest of the clan, seeking to become the
eidolon of Brujah perfection in mind and body. The
Dedicated carry the clan's Hellenic heritage strongly within
them. Through Lycurgus they came to dominate Sparta,
implementing the code that transformed artists and aristo-
crats into the mightiest warriors of the age. They study
philosophy and science with the same diligence as they
labor over sword and bow, and even those Embraced today
must learn the language and customs of Hellas

The Dedicated profess three bases of the pursuit of
Entelechy, which they refer to by their Hellenic names:
enkrateia, inner strength; andreia, manliness and courage
and, most importantly, saphrosyne, control of the self.
These are not trained skills but requirements for any
candidate being considered for the Embrace. Neonates,
through rites and training the Dedicated keep as their own
secrets, polish these qualities to unrivaled heights. Those
who fail to improve sufficiently are destroyed.

ncisco, that mortals are the

The Dedicated retreat from civilization as sire and
childe, maintaining only enough contact with human
society to ensure a steady flow of vitae. They pursue a
rigorous regimen of physical and mental development for
decades, perfecting their Disciplines as far as their strength
of blood allows, and honing their physical and mental
attributes to the urmost

Only upon achieving total mastery of himself and his
powers is a neonate recognized as Dedicated, and allowed
to emerge from his exile. The freshly dubbed Dedicated
then immediately seeks out and rakes command of any
brethren he can find, either through sheer presence or
through trials that prove his superiority. The Dedicated's
methods are systematic and often brutal, justified as their
right by perfection and the cause of the Brujah Ideal.
These brethren rarely act alone, preferring to convert
"lesser" Brujah to their purposes, by force if necessary. The
Dedicated hold the concept of brotherhood sacrosanct
only among themselves. They never disguise the fact that
they consider the rest of us inferior, to be guided and
directed as they see fit. It isnot unknown for them to "cull"
one of our fellows from the clan if the unfortunate disobeys
or does not perform favorably.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

Not all Brujah regard these near-mythical Cainites
with favor. The Dedicated version of the Ideal demands
coldness, efficiency and the endless pursuit of perfection
The one I spoke to, who called himself Mandari, told me
of an assault made upon an enemy some centuries ago. He
had the lesser Brujah with him Embrace the men of a
village used as herd for this enemy — whose nature Mandari
never revealed to me. The village's women and children
served as food for these childer, also ensuring that his foe
would starve even if the siege failed. With this small army
he overwhelmed his opponent, then left the newly created
vampires to the morning sun. Effective tactics, certainly,
but few other Brujah would utilize such methods.

Some brethren accuse the Dedicated of Infernalism, but
I think their motives both more obscure and less monstrous.
Neither the one I spoke to nor those told of in stories explain
exactly who their true enemies are. They question us end-
lessly about other Cainites we have encountered, and brothers
who have fought with the Dedicated often cannot recall the
details of their opponents. Whatever secret these haughty
brethren of ours share, they obviously think us unworthy of its
keeping. But despite their incredible arrogance and obvious
disdain for the vast majority of the clan, the Dedicated are
powerful allies — if your stomach is strong and their cause is
your own,

ATTLEGROUNDS OF
CIROPE

HELLAS.

The city-states of our ancient homeland passed into
history long ago; now the Byzantine Empire claims the
entire region where once we dwelt. Ironically, the same
Brujah who abandoned Hellas to its fate never left Hellas
itself; they just contented themselves with watching the
collapse. These ancients refer to themselves as the
Praedicanda, the "most renowned" brothers of the clan, but
one rarely hears that name used by any others save them

elves. "Gerousia" may refer to all our tradition-bound
elders, but the self-proclaimed Praedicanda fit that title
best. They are haughty and aloof, but not so uninvolved in
mortal and Cainite affairs as they would have us believe
They keep their secrets well, but the very arrogance that
drives their belief in their own infallibility opens the
Praedicanda's motives to those with patience and percep-
tion.

The offspring they create they scatter across Europe,
in the hope that their ideologies will entrench themselves
within the belief systems of an enlightened humanity. By
pitting monarchs against nobility, these Brujah hope to
make commoners the deciding weight in the balance of

power. To gain decisive advantage, one side or the other


must curry the favor of the lesser classes, which can only
result in greater freedoms for the downtrodden rabble. The
benefits to humanity are incidental to the ploys of the
Praedicanda in this equation, however. Reduction in the
power of mortal leaders means a proportional weak

of the Ventrue and Lasombra powers behind the throne.
What the Praedicanda plan beyond this is a mystery to me,
but I have no doubt that all Brujah fit into their scheme.
They affect knowing smiles when you mention the rise of
the communes and claim it is just the beginning. I wonder
if any of them realize how much they have alienated their
brethren. I doubt it, and I doubt they would care if they
knew

The eldest dwell primarily in Attica and Laconica,
even as their most devoted childer spread throughout

Boetia and the Peloponnesus. They come together annu-
ally at the Acrocorinthus, a 2000-foot-high mountain
fortress near Corinth. There the Praedicanda continue
debates begun countless centuries ago, to predictable e
fect: Invariably, they resolve to table all matters further
until the next meeting, at which the cycle repeats itself.
One cannot deny our elders' claim that they are the finest
speakers in existence.

The Praedicanda do allow other Cainites residence in
their lands but watch them closely and warn them against
interference in Brujah affairs. How a vampire can interfere
in the affairs of those who do nothing I know not, but
considering the power of the Brujah who enforce these
decrees few argue the conditions of their residence. In-
deed, many of the elders' visitors come not to interfere
with the Praedicanda, but rather to beg their favor in the
matter of scholarship. It is the libraries these elders keep

thousands of old tomes, papyrus scrolls and bits of

dicanda

cuneiform line the rooms and training halls of Prae
acropoleis — that draw strangers to Hellas. The lifetimes
it would take to pore through so many works almost
excuses our elders for their inaction.

Rumors persist that the volumes to which these an
cients give visitors access are but a fraction of their true
collections. Ancient writings of the Salubri, dissertations
upon the realms of spirit, dark sorceries and information
on other supernaturals of the world supposedly remain
hidden from the eyes of the curious; I'm certain there are
rumors that the elders keep the Sangreal and the True
Cross as well. I myself have seen nothing unusual in the
havens of the two true elders I have stayed with, but
Alypius believes the Praedicanda practice highly demand-
ing rituals of self-enhancement that they keep secret from
all outsiders. If this is so, it would present another barrier
between elder and neonate.

How can I describe our clan's feelings toward these
progenitors when I cannot explain my own? All that we
have become, fair and foul, originated with the Praedicanda.
They guided one of the greatest civilizations the world has

BRUJAH


ever known, then abandoned it to the Roman barbarians.
They justify their actions by pointing to the resultant
spread of Hellenic culture and thought to the rest of the
world, but was this the only way? We had a chance to break
Rome and the Ventrue who ruled her, and thu
Carthage, but they would not fight! They may be the "most
renowned" of our clan, but they are not the most worthy
Imagine what their childer felt upon realizing they stood
alone in resisting the power of Ventrue elders bent on
conquest. The Praedicanda are as much my brothers as you
Francisco, but | cannot condemn those childer who rose
against them

Still, it was long ago and our clan must remain as one
soul, if not one mind. For now the Praedicanda content
themselves with observation and debate. If these old men
ever choose to setaside their books and involve themselves
with the outer world, we may yet stand a chance of
rebuilding our dream.
racy

Two primary lines of Brujah carry on the fight in Italy,
and one, the Hellenes, is further split. The elder Hellenes
have made southern Italy their home since the settling of
Magna Graecia. Much like their sires among the Praedicanda,
the Graecians are patient scholars concerned more with
the dissemination of knowledge and the quest for En-
Some

to save

telechy than with making war against our enemies.
make a habit of debating matters of scholarship with
Lasombra in the University of Salerno, even going so far as.
to invite the Magisters into their training halls for a game
of chess! Were the Graecians not such ardent keepers of
Brujah tradition and lore, they would be entirely worthless
to our cause. They claim their "methods" could make allies
of our enemies, but even I can see the strings of shadow
slowly being tied around these brothers' wrists. Their
contentment has led to complacency. The Graecians are
capable, but roo willing to fluff the Lasombra's pillows in
return for a quiet life of board games and conversation.

The other Hellenic line of Italian Brujah descend
from those same brothers who turned against the Praedicanda
during the elders' abandonment of Hellas. These Zealots'
rage against those ancients — impressed into them from
sire to childe for a thousand years — could ignite stone, but
they hold themselves above reenacting the revolt that first
split our clan. Instead, they channel their fury against
Ventrue merchant princes, Lasombra nobility and who
ever else impedes their efforts. Theirs is the lesson of
Palermo, but think it falls to the rest of us to learn it. Most
of their number died there, and the rest of these beserkers
care for nothing but vengeance, or, failing that, violence
Unpredictable except in their hate, they worry me as
potential prey of the Infernal. Pray with me that my fears
have not already been made truth.

LIBELLUS SANGCINIS 2

The non-Hellenic Brujah, the Byzantines, were re
sponsible for the transmission of Hellenic knowledge from
Constantinople to Italy during the reign of the Iconoclast
emperors. Like the Graecians, they are learned and main-
tain our traditions well, but they refuse to squander their
opportunities to further the Ideal. Of all Brujah, the
Byzantines are most adept at using our enemies' own
tactics against them. For a century they have spurred the
communal revolution in Italy with magnificent succe
Nobles now swear allegiance to city consuls in Genoa, Pisa
and elsewhere. Through the arti, the Italian craft guilds,
they resist the Ventrue merchant princes. By fanning the
flames of animosity between Guelf and Ghibelline they
entwine Ventrue conquest through the Holy Roman Em-
pire with Lasombra political and ecclesiastical interests.
Their preference for quiet subversion rather than confron-
tation earns scorn from those who think of victory only in
terms of the quantity of blood spilled — but that scorn
comes only from the unlearned and the unworthy.

Alas, the Byzantines are coming out of the shadows,
and as they do they are falling. One by one they are broken
or hunted down, and for what? The Byzantines believe that
by putting themselves in direct peril they force other
Brujah to come to their aid. Were these the days of old,
they would no doubt be correct in that assumption, but in
these fallen times, who knows? I only hope that if the
Byzantines do fall, they do not drag too many of our
brethren into the abyss with them — assuming any answer
the call. What have we become, my childe? I fear the
answer this crisis shall give.

IBERIA

Here, the descendants of Carthage's few Brujah survi-

vors represent some of the most famed tacticians and
thinkers in Cainite society. During the final days of the
Punic Wars, many of our ancestors, realizing the inevita-

bility of their defeat, left the city with what troves of art
and knowledge they could carry. Those who did not dis-
perse throughout northern Europe or descend into torpor
migrated to unclaimed regions of Iberia to start anew

The Iberian Brujah settled mostly in the region that
would someday be known as Portugal. There they have
remained for centuries, through invasion and darkness,
Great admirers of many aspects of Almohad Islamic cul-
ture, they lament the arrival of the Assamites and the
danger they pose to Cainites of elder blood. However, the
advent of the Reconquista, and their mutual hatred for the
Lasombra of Castile and Leon, has provided grounds for
truce between the two clans.

Our early attempts to limit the extent of the Reconquista
failed miserably, humbled by the might of religious fervor
and Lasombra influence. Our Iberian generals have there-


fore decided upon a new tactic, not far removed from the
Lasombra's own modus operandi. The Magisters may be
masters of political maneuvering, but most, especially
those ensconced in the Church, leave soldiering to the
mortals. Capable Brujah tacticians have taken opposing
sides in the Reconquista, and are now ready to lead the
forces of their Lasombra patrons directly against one an-

other, unbeknownst to their benefactors. Proper

coordination of their efforts shall lead to heavy losses on

all sides, and perhaps even direct conflict amongst the

Magisters themselves. And if we persuade the Saracens to
ply their skills against the appropriate targets, we could
destroy Lasombra power throughout the region!
As serious as their efforts to destabilize the region are,
rue purpose of the Iberian Brujah is the re-establish-
ment of Carthage. No greater concentration of
rthaginian Brujah exists, and belief in the Ideal burns
hot within their hearts. However, a millennium of change
has made fulfillment of their dream all the more difficult
These remaining elders cannot find the same degree of
cooperation the simpler times of the past afforded. Too
many distractions prevent them from finding focus, and
the nights when vampires could walk openly in mortal

society are long since past.

Through the port of Lisbon we have access to Italy and
Hellas, France and the British Isles. We hope this capacity
if used properly, can increase clan unity and cooperation
between our various factions. Also, some of our Portuguese
brethren claim that the Gangrel are spreading rumors
concerning lands far across the ocean. Elder Brujah who
remember the daring sea battles of the Punic Wars have
taken utmost interest in the these tales and plan to encour
age further mortal exploration of the world. Perhaps they
feel that if they fail to consummate their plans for Iberia,
new lands will bring further opportunities for expansion
and pursuit of the Ideal.

ENGLAND

The heart of the clan is changing, and nowhere is this
more apparent than in England. Anarchs of the clan
abound throughout Europe, fighting for whatever momen-
tary cause fires their passion, but no other band can match
the tightly focused fury of the growing contingent of rebels
and bandits called the Agitators. Alas, no other group of
our youths fallen so far from the Ideal. They denounce our
traditions as antithetical to the equality ofall Brujah. They
long ago discarded the master-student relationship of the

training hall for undisciplined practice at swordplay or the

: BRUJAH


aye) | "passaunrm aaey o2 une] ay? IYsISUE Jo sapreIW
JOAoIwYM ssappreBa1 ‘shaunol nay wo UMA Aaya
uaya wep ayp Jo 3snu1 a4 aso] sI9yIOI Yong "a21A afduis
ueyp tag Jo saMO]JOJ asayp1 O2 arour aq ysnUT ary) I~
BunsaBans ‘o8paymouy suadiag ayp Ino yaas sJoo} aug
pootpsatad aya uodn aouanyur arag Buons yons yaa 1}
08 passaaoud aaey pjnoo aso] uend4sg reyp faareut v st I]
"spjoysuons siuadiag ays 01 aBars Ae] 02 1d43q OUI aap
uodn quasunuod st apesnag Yano, v jo 0ddns no ‘paapuy
ssoiduian ssajoueys asayp areutunarxe 02 aq pjnom a
‘ggned anzUd,, & YatA S9A]asINO AI]E 01 19A9 9A 219),

ALAS JO SUAMOTIOL

"yo wand
02 ayeNsaY 10U Op ‘sURAIas 10 sp19y NOK UOdn puey Burdedap
duo Ae] Aaya J] "Burylou sn siu saay peuowr pue poolq
Jenow Jo aise toy | "pueyasiy sta1998 5,4peap quinfd o2 Aare
-nuoddo axp ,sioypeasas,, ueropeddes asoup aat8 ou pjnoys
aM J! S9AJ9SINO se SN JO .A19} ON "UALO sTANB Ing snes AurE 10} WAL
3sn 07 UOREUTPDU ayp OU aAeY Aayp Ing ‘SIaIDas AUEW SULLY,
01 afio]e sioqqor9aeig ayy "Aressaoau are saoyudes yons axoun
JeUP UOISH]oUOD ayp AwAp A] qeUeAUE pue ‘suEWUNY asaya OIysNE|S
Ajqeueaut Soup "suazop ay Aq uayo ‘stuawnadxa jnoj s1ayp
uy ,uonedionued,, 10, speuow aaty 00K suersopedder ay |

‘staguewioidau atp jo spuey ayp 3
tow Aayp souo ayy UL spud 19NI9q 18} Paarasop Puk ‘sje0UE
Ano aia Say ing ‘sjeuour uaaq aaey AeuL sazpmas asoya
Jo SWHDIA oY] ‘soIpnas sroyp Jo} advyrECE pue sey]a}] JO Peap
ayp Buisn ‘skep uewoy U sarursua se streIopedded aya 19q
-wowa1 uarype1g No Jo Isapj> ay|],"ArnUUa ano 1eaq snY? pur
{aaamoy ‘S1OslApe Se SUNOS anNUaA Ut aaras AUeYY "2[yOp
02 aaoy os Kay satiraUa ayp 0 saajasuIayp I9ENSAI AL se
Suo] Os ‘S1aqqoraaeIH ay YA I!JUOS OUT aUIOD AparEs 2
"ul ]]omp Aaya prom Aseruey eo1Sojoreysse ayp woyrey wouURD
aj ‘sasdiod Jo SIAC] Asay YA Yonn ay] avy 2A,

SNHIDOdHddr)

sal]]e [2UOIse990 UeY ax0Ut
9q 1949 [JIA ami O]]Oy Ady POO|G Jo peor ay axesI0y Aayp
Jaun ang ‘pjayapaeq ay Jo pue Uo ‘Je sn ayouag pjnom
somumessy ayp Upia red ueps y "pearsut pauresp r0puayds
umo sty aaey or Ajuo sopuayds si ur yup o1 andwg
peyouy aya or padauunof sey siapja ano jo auo ueys
a10y "JeBuEp 2ea18 spjoy UoNeNIe Yans ang ‘Buneandes
st arord pur aaios A[posayye saarmessy oy 4191908 ay L
Janamoy ‘sarwessyy ay) 02 1oadsaz partunyy edu ay,
ABojoapt pareys Aue jo ano ueyp saypes
soluaua parey 1s0W Jno IsUTRBe ayLs 02 aoULYD B Jo adoy
woy Ua axow Ysnoyp ‘puey] AJoH ays Ul ensue, ay puL
vLag] JO eiquiose7] au isuTEse somUEss ayI YIM soAyos
-wayp Ayye yefnag Auew ‘ssajayrauoN "YDeq INOS OUT apy
v saBunyd smopeys ay ut uoruedwios sty aprym pazrparoun
pur aarmutad se adoang jo [Je aej ano4 02 Audap |]14\ aU
‘paapuy ‘somatenb asoyp areys suasereg paureu-os aya jo ma}

@ SINIDONHS SNTISEIT

os 2eyp aas3az ayy "predax yBry ur way joy s1ejoyps sno
jo Auew siyp 10} pue IyBnowp pue ooudrs ‘ze UI You ae
sraquinu si1 saesp ue]D sip wWoYA wos sajdoad oy],

SHLINUSSYH

NAMHLLAAG] ALINIWS)
UNO ONINUFONO')
SMAIA,

yetnag wepD Jo Ueay mau ayp Apoquia siopeaz. asaup ‘asnsip
nur apey vpuraipanig ay jo SuoMpeN oup sy "Is9q 2e pauTeNs
ale app atatp yum suonejar natp pue ‘sjaqas zuenptur AyyatY
asap Suowre azerst diysiejoyss o uonoaag "Aypreue jo auEND0p
v utp paresrduios aroun Aydosopryd Aue 10} SuRpou are pue
‘sons nay uetp Jaypany Aue aBeaur] stay sen 1oUUeD sia1s3uNOK
asoyp Jo ISOPY "URAD ay UIYPIM qUaeaaid azo pue aiow But
-wodaq sietp UoH]aqa1jogtstds aup Ajruostad 1apytyp asoy |,
juny Aatp sjewou axp
on ueyp siorensy aup 01 Appsoo arow sdeysad are spies asaup wey
=AeDIPUL 1 HAAS P]Om Ue|D ayp apisino soounos ‘aowLLoyBN
09]s,uoy annua, axp UT WOYPe UeIp azo SuNpou.agorsaajes
-wiatpl woop sionBy ayp ‘serpy uodn Apoanp seq 01 SIOH>
nrowp Sung Aoyp [aun ang ‘Surseayd st sayout on2e sip sovys
pue 2e9y at | ‘apedap ased aup 1990 sue1uneg Je12A2s Jo YOO]
Jeuow aup payjno aaey syped sty ng ‘a8pajmouny sty Jo aounos ay
28]naIp 10u pjnom puejaay "sproy sueIUNEY aUp :[ooy sar
group 2 oyENS [Js ued Aayp ‘kpaNp anUa, axp yeNe ouUeD
siowiBy ay J] "Aro ap or pueg spuejae7] smexp uoIseI00
uo ang ‘aoe[d snora8uep & UOpUOT sayeUr SEY Jo aouasaid
{LL "pauonsonbun st sueisuneg oyp 40} paney stay ang ‘sey]Op
Jo aBeyues 10} Supou ares Aut siOeNBy ay, "pjnom Aayp
ysia | Uoy siyBru o2 nue anu | —YBnowp ‘Anpueg Aemuysty
219 YpIA saApastuatp AystaeS 10U Op sIayIOIq BUNK Sy] |
-uanparq ysysuq Aol
ano jo uaWUTEHAIUD dtp are Yang ; 100} Aq wry Uo SuruTeS aze
oA saztpead puke yDeqasI0Y UO NOA WOY saa] ay Se soso saIpUEG
¥ Ul YOO] ayB 01 seredwos Suro "YY -aoueUDIsns SuTUTES
pue s][Pys nay Suronoed jo sueau e wep yJoysumor Jer] Oy
40} paap poos & $89] SI JOWLO} aU] | "UaoID ayp Jo sTuRALas AreMUIT
pue spuediag uodn Aoud sayjje slatp pue siowensy ayp ‘pue(sug
UrOYNOs Jo sIsa10} aU NOYSNoMP UappiH "ssaupeam jenuarod
Aue a1o}dxa 01 yainb st pueg s,puejaa7 pur ‘aaamoy ‘uopucT
woy anu Araaa Up suayeam jay SuLMpno ay uodn dus
SIH] ‘[] A2uapy Jo uBto1 ayp Buuinp paystjdwoooe am Sunpdroaa
paregou sey ‘serpy ‘annua, qoIoUE ayp Jo asu ayy,
ssodons paxtan yl Ware ‘yr
URULION asurede AAITIGoU UOXeg MEP YIM soajaswyp pare
aaey Soup ‘purpar] ulgoy "apea| Juannd say YBN] "st
peg annua, sit pur AypreuoU! ysnug atp asurese syped soy
221810 01 Aarpiqe aup Aq ang poo]qjowpSuans.o aBe Aq 10u paseq
Squnp ] ‘Apasia ‘siapea] saya asooyp Aay J, "stapjnog jo Suny


Egyptian advancements as further proof that Cainite con
trol of mortal affairs is not so strong as our fellows would
like to believe.

The Setites are feeble warriors and tread carefully
around us, but delight in laying snares for our feet. Too
often we must undo what their machinations have wrought,
many times going to war against a local prince ot aristocrat
who has fallen to their corrupting influence. Such actions
as these earn us the name of Zealot! The craftiest among
us let the Setite drown within his own decadence for a
time, then lead our fellow Cainites against him. Thus the
Followers of Set become our unwitting allies, but are not
spared our steel. In time we shall march into Egypt, rouse
the populace against their corrupted priesthood, and tear
the forked tongue from every Setite in the land

GANGREL

The Gangrel are strangers to most Cainites, preferring
to live as they do outside the cities of mortal men. Rather
than cleave to the humanity that is their birthright, they
embrace the nature of the very beasts they surround them
Gangrel and t
indistinguishable from one another. Nonetheless, they

selves with until, over tim st become

have a form of honor that is rare among our kind, and we
counted many of them as friends during the diaspora. If you
cannot find a brother of your clan to trust, seek a Gangrel
as ally, and call him a man, rather than Animal (as do the
other clans).

Despite their barbaric ways, the Gangrel are of interest
to our clan for two reasons, Firstly, they harbor a deep
resentment against the Ventrue, and have united with the
Tzimisce against the
Tremere allies. Whatever the cause of their disaffection
may be, cultivate it carefully. The Gangrel are solitary
people, however, preferring to strike at their enemies from
the forests and then to the forests return. If the Gangrel
would only organize under our leadership, what a force we

tern Patricians and their sorcerous

would have!

Additionally, no
the world as the Gangrel. None are so adept at travel, and
the tales they return with never fail to engage the mind
patient enough to hear them. Some bring rumors of a land

nites have explored so much of

far across the ocean that excites our elders with the possi
bility of anew beginning for the Brujah Ideal. We take care
to keep such talk of our plans far from the ears of the
Gangrel, all the while encouraging them to tell us more.

BOOK THREE: BRUJAH


LASOMBRA

As we teach the wonders and lessons of Carthage to
our childer, so do we teach the role of the Lasombra in its
destruction. They hold high places in Cainite society, but
the supposed superiority of their blood could not prevent
the fall of Rome nor keep Italy and Sicily secure from its
recent mortal conquerors. Likewise does it not prevent
these cowardly lurkers from falling to our blades whenever
we root them from the churches and palaces in which they
hide.

The Magisters are behind the throne in every major
town and city in the civilized world. They spark conflict or
arrange the downfall of a fellow Cainite merely to prove
they can do so and to slither further up the ranks of
Lasombra status. Recent centuries have witnessed the
Magisters worming their way into the core of the Church,
blaspheming it with their feigned devotions and assump-
tion of religious titles as markers of clan prestige. Currently
the strength of their ties to the nobility and the Church is
beyond our means to break. They continuously underesti-
mate the potential held by the lesser classes, however,
whom none influence so well as we. As the communes of
Europe have broken the stranglehold of noble authority,
so will we break the Lasombra when the time is right.

MALKAVIANS

They alone of the conspirators against our fallen city have
we forgiven, forseeing their broken clan reminds us of the fading
Salubriand of what we ourselvesfearto become. They make poor
allies, for their minds are fraught with confusion, but when left
to their own devices the Madmen often work toward the very
goals we seck. Their disdain for convention and ability to make
the most capable and cruel tyrant look the fool earns them our
gratitude, if not necessarily our respect. Do not enlist their aid
when they come to your city, nor go out of your way to make
yourself and your causes known. Likely as not they will react

against you in a manner you cannot expect for reasons you
cannot hope to comprehend, for reason does not concem the
Malkavians. Its far better to let them be, then exploit whatever
chaos they bring to bear upon the chosen target of your wrath.

Many Malkavians, particularly the elders (who are disturb-
ingly great in number) make excellent, if brief, companions for
all manner of discussion once you recognize and circumvent
their particular affliction. Though conversations with Madmen
typically take bizarre turns, these Cainites understand more than
most credit to them. Astounding insights have been realized
through such dialogues, often to the apparent surprise of the
Malkavian herself.

NosFERATU
The Nosferatu are a paradox. Though no longer made
in God's image, they seem the most genuinely reverential

of all Cainites. By necessity, they dwell far apart from
mortals and vampires alike, but know all that transpires

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

around them. They cry out against the damned nature of
our unholy existence, but they cry out in ever-growing
numbers of their own. Theit humble reserve seemingly
removes them from the heart of the Jyhad, but the treasure
of information they possess puts them in a powerful posi-
tion to manipulate its outcome.

The Lepers rarely become overtly involved in our
crusades, but make tremendous allies when their hearts
can be won. Such an alliance is difficult to forge, but couch
your goals in terms that appeal to their religious fervor, and
the Nosferatu will quickly add their strength to your own.
Beware, however, trusting the Lepers too well. The
Nosferatu are a mercenary clan, and will share their secrets
with whoever is willing to pay the highest price, be it
Ventrue or Brujah. Be certain to emphasize the future that
can be theirs in alliance with us, versus the prospect of
further servitude under His Lordship the prince.

RAVNOS

Every year witnesses more of these rogue Cainites venturing
into Europa. Wanderers like the Gangrel, the Charlatans are of
completely different character, and one would be wise not to
confuse the two, lest one find her purse, and prestige, much
drained. These tricksters have no fear of the open road and come
and goasthey please, asoften asnot witha Blood Huntupon their
heads. Despite the dangers inherent in associating with the
Ravnos, many of us have benefited from tutelage in their arts of
deception.

The Ravnos are useful in much the same way as the
Malk: ns and, like the Madmen, are best left to their own.
devices. Their open disregard for authority and the skills their
larcenous arts develop make them effective allies, but one should
never trust them. Upon encountering a Ravnos, the best tactic
is to grace his palm with a hint of silver, point out a far better
source of the same, then await any the opportunities the inevi-
table chaos will present. If you find his hand in your purse, cut it
off, along with any other extremities that merit removal

TOREADOR

Our relations with the Toreador stretch back millen-
nia through the histories of Carthage, the Greek city-states,
Etruria and beyond. While we molded the
the most powerful and influential lands of their time, the
Toreador fueled the creation of arts the like of which have

nations into

never been produced since. The glory of our success in-
flamed their passions, however, and while Rome rose
against us the Artisans chased after wanton pleasures that
belie their undead flesh. Rather than fight for their beliefs
they betrayed the Ideal and fled to Rome with centuries'
worth of knowledge and art as their spoils. They have
escaped our wrath, but whether due to the potential che
clan has for supporting the Brujah Ideal or the belief that
fighting a Toreador is akin to beating one's hound is a
matter of personal opinion


A few of the more focused elders now hold seemingly the
Pope's leash, but the remainder of this clan consumesitselfin the
pursuit of hedonistic extremes or the construction of new works
for Church or monarch. Alypius tells me the Artisans have
composed themselves since the nights when they engrossed
themselves with the pleasures of Roman courtesans and Hel-
lenic hetairei, and pethaps they have. Many still accept the
patronage of the worst of tyrants, their artistic skills producing
naught butfuel for their chosen lord's vanity. A fewstill combine
their efforts with ours to keep the craft guilds strong in the face
of merchant princes and greedy nobles, but even these call upon
the Brujah when threatened. One day we shall press swords into
the hands of the Toreador, and they shall eithersee beauty in the
art of war or die whimpering upon their knees.

These foul sorcerers have taken the blood of Saulot, and
now seek to defame and destroy his noble lineage. Even the
dullest of childercan see that the Tremere have no other purpose
than the acquisition of power. Ifweallow them togaina foothold
in the Cainite community, they shall surely use that power to
destroy usall. Can one find greater proofof the Ventrue'siniquity
than in their alliance with the Usurpers?

In the past decade the Tremere have come west in greater
numbers, arriving in secrecy and concealing their true natures,
then feigning innocence to Cainite ways after their true natures
are revealed. Believe none of their promises, for you are more
likely to find honesty and honor among the Ravnos than these
diabolists. If possible, slay them to the last; if not, remind your
fellow Cainites of Saulot's fate. We cannot permit the expansion
of the Tremere to continue.

TziMisc

Can it truly be said that these beings were ever human? Are
they even true childer of Caine? The Fiends go to great lengths
to alienate themselves from their fellow Cainites as well as the
people over whom they rule, laying waste to either according to
their whim. They speak much of tradition and the importance
of hospitality, but neither the innocent wanderer nor the people
they rule over can expect safety within the borders of their

The oppression of mortal leaders is nothing next to the
tyranny of the Tzimisce. So intensely do they deny their mortal
roots that they do all in their power to refute and destroy them.
The ideology of the Fiends, as much as we can understand it, is

in direct opposition to our own, but this can be suffered. What
we cannot bear are the horrors they make of their people and
their homelands. I have seen with my own eyes what lesser
monsters these monsters create from the flesh of their lands,

With my own sword I have cleansed these creatures from the
world, and from their own misery. The night will come when the

peoples of Eastern Europe will realize the power they truly
wield, and on that night the Tzimisce shall fall! No one
will mourn their passing

VENTRUE

Theeldersofourclan hate the Patricians for the destruction
they wrought upon Carthage, the young for the hauteur with
which they command obedience within their fiefdoms. Even
the most patient Praedicanda find it difficult to stomach
Ventrue traditionalism and claims of "divine right to rule,"
and so we fight them, We bring unrest to the principalities of
the Holy Roman Empire to prevent the Ventrue from further
expanding their domains. We encourage tax-burdened peas-
ants of the British Isles to revolt against the monarchy,
straining the Patricians' grip upon that land. And we burn the
shipsand rob the wealth of their merchant princes, driving into
poverty those who would feed their treasuries.

‘The Ventrue hunt us with mortal hounds bound into their
service, but for every aristocrat that benefits from their patronage
a thousand commoners rally to our cause. They can only hide so
long behind their kings and counts before they must face us on
the field of battle, There will be a day of reckoning, my childe,
when we shall channel a millennium of rage into our swords, and
we shall whet our blades upon Ventrue flesh and drench the hilts
in Ventrue blood. My sword shall be among them, for there can
benoreconciliation, no truce, and no quartergiven! If must face
Lord Mithras myself, I shall tear out his "divine" throat, bare his
decayed intestines to the wind, flay his waxen skin from his bones
and feed his shattered brains to my hounds.

BaAALL

These servitors of the Infernal would unleash the
most unthinkable of horrors upon the world, and for this
we have battled them for millennia. Still they spread,
and with them spread their temptations, for even among
our immortal kind there are those for whom the legacy
of Caine is not enough. It is not the Bali that one must
fear most, for once they are rooted out we easily dispatch
them to their pits. Rather, it is the Cainites they have
swung to their sinister cause who represent the greater
threat, for who can say how many among our number
have formed such a pact, and what dark powers they
have gained thereby?

Let no temptation encourage dealings with them.
Let no doubt stay your hand when the opportunity arises
to deliver them and their allies to Hell. Consider any
alliance necessary to rid them from our world. These are
the enemy! The only good ever spawned by these demons
was the league of Cainites that broke their power long
ago. It is a shame the lessons of our cooperation were so
quickly forgotten.

BOOK THREE: BRUJAH


SALUBRI

Have pity for the Unicorns, Francisco, for none of our
kind are so noble as they. Now broken by the death of their
founder, the Unicorns flee the persecutions of the foul
Usurpers and scatter to distant lands. Other clans either
ignorantly support the destruction of Saulot's childer or
repose in the soft cushions of indifference. Only the
Brujah remember the courage of Salubri warriors in battle
against the Bali. Only the Brujah remember relief at the
hands of Salubri healers; it is we whom they trust most
when seeking aid and shelter.

Legends tell of Saulot's journey to the East and his
dealing with all manner of foul beasts and demons. These
ed only by fools, for
s. The

legends of Salubri as Infernalists are belie'
it is the diabolist Tremere who utter these blasphem

lubri are mystics, and have knowledge of powers perhaps

best left alone, but their aims are pure, and no demon spawn

would wish to face them.

The Salubri recognize the Ideal for the noble dream itis,
though they consider it first and foremost as a means to better
coordinating strikes against our Infernal foes. For their crimes
against the Salubri, verily against all the childer of Caine, the
Tremere shall pay dearly. Never fail to assist Saulot's childer,
for in their wisdom may lie the salvation of us all.

OTHERS
WEREWOLV

The stink of cities is displeasing to these monsters, and
those citiesare in Ventrue and Lasombra hands. Do nothing to
anger the Lupines, and they will do your work for you. Draw
attention to yourself, and you are ash on the wind.

Mact

From their ranks came the Tre
be said?
GuHosTs

We have created more than our fairshare of ghosts, and you

should be wary of these. Their hatred for their murderers burns
as hot as ours does for the Ventrue. On the other hand, the Dead

ere. What mor

can be directed to pour out their wrath on our enemies as well,
a risky game to play but occasionally a worthwhile one:

Tue FAE

As patrician as the Ventrue are the lords of the fae; as
rowdy as we are their subjects. There is no dealing with these
creatures, for there is no reason to them save the logic of
madness. Leave them to Malkav's childer, and be wary of
angering them. Beyond that, you may safely ignore them and

they, in turn, will ignore you.


HEINYE AHAH.L MOO

sorrunizoddo yons
998 02 JayL0q 10U Op AUEW "YeInag oy UTYIIM BuIpUers
poo8 01 pasoasou aq 01 YeLTed 10} a[qearaouod $1.31 ay AN
yyIteE JaxdeIYD ayp S1apIsuoD UR]D ay] "YIVeG JeULy jo
sla 2e ssajun aoueastsse 29y adaooe Aoyp ]]}4 JOU ay tI
yeads ou pre say 02 awo> soypeU |] yelnag "wsIoens
Joy UI BuLy]Nsay ‘ue]D aya INOYsNozyp peadds sey aUNID sty
Jo ploy "oyewUE]D v sUTEse Jpn Jo ArayDVaN Jo 198 Ue
pomuUOD sey Me]J TUIOd-sno} ay YIM JIDEILYD V
*(ppom jeaaipayy eq oy? ur puy or Surya
]NOYsIp e) Yelnag peor-ayp-jo-a]ppiu a10u1 10} 9UO 02 poonp
-a1 si Ayeuad sry "eazy Aq aseassut aU10dmata orsoddo
aya Burppoy yelnag yam Burpeap ut syjor pers0g [ye Jo
so1aynoyyiq] ‘waaypaaq aareasasuoD a10Ul Jay YIM IOI]
JalIp UI aWOD Avy IYA sMIYA — sUITYR UMO J9y 02 BUL
-pioooe paroe sey pue ‘saisequey azatu aue s1apya atpa Jo seos,
aya eyp ]99p yBIU Yelnag oy ‘Ajaaneusayy "sorewUE]D
Jeotper axowr soy jo Aarpeanaq yser ay paosunouap Ajsno
"10814 aavy Ae ays ‘sBUNY-reJOYDs JUa!UE Jo IUepUadsep
B Sy "UEP Yelnig ay Jo saWaNXa oa ay Jo BuO ‘prop
10 pio Aq ‘payynsti sey ays }2a] autod-omn ayp ay sesIno
{ou Ss} pue zy 002 Aarenpraipul soy uayea sey saideIey>
dY2 Ing ‘uoRVUIWHarap-Jjas saBeINosUA UR]D ay] "suLoUE
qud1aypip Aq jl ‘s[e03 UoUIUID preMor BUPAIOm (sI9IsIs PU)

s1ayiorg jo UL]D & sajaswayA zapIsuoD Yelnag ay,

(AW ‘Ld p-Z) HER,

aut B av ME] Sty Jo UoIssa1dxo

auo uey? alow YIM palapury aq 10U Pinoys AIUD Y
yser
ay2 uodn aioaap 02 Oa Jo aUMNIa}I] B apise IAs asaq pry
ays ang ‘MeL siya aAowar o7 ayqe aq IyBIW JaIDEIeYD ay
‘zapje pauren & woy aBejaim sadoad yaty "si9ad oy jo
uoIstiap ueIsUOD ay D8) pue ‘soUAIOg ue AILA]aD Yoq
jo Jonuos 2194 ur sMey aaey yelrag adaut Ajnn awog
(svutod aaaya) ¥se1 oy 01 Aydde ued sarsereyD
ayp rey aorp Jo saquinu ayp st ajnser oyL_ "(9 a]NIyyIP)
[Jor aourr0g + yBuang v somber wes e BuruMIEA0
Jo 918 v BuIyI] se Yons UNDE Jeotskyd y -s]]or aeuep
pue yaSuang 10g ao1p jeuonppe se poppe Tuo axe pears
"Ur ing ‘HeWOINL JOU are sassadoNs auaI0g "AJaarDaya
ypBuans siy sn90} 10u saop saIDeIeYD ay Jo POo| >Y,L
(stutod oma) aouryeg sty Sutz9a09a1 ay!ya OHNE 1xOU
siy soso] xa1oeeYp ay sURaW |JOI [NYssaoonsuN WY -(adua
-og + yaBuang syaoeseys aya jo 4]NdYZIP) [Jor 22/9
+ Aauoixag & sareiissacau uodvam aajaur e YM xeNe
Jhyssazonsun ue ‘Ay]BUORIppy "299fGo 198383 ay O21 oBeULP
ur aouaiog ]ny sity Ajdde asnuu aarsezeyp aup ‘s]1ey (9 Ar]n>
-1gip) []02 Famodqp py & J] -(3ny e yw aurds sty Burddeus
40 ‘a]dwexa 20} ‘wry 3uN9033 Ur puey s,puary e SuPyeesq)
ypnsor D0aey Sa] YDAY> Ut 11 Burdaay UO aYeNUADUOD asnUE
pue yBuang umo sty JoRUOD JoUUED JaIdeIEYD ay

-(autod auo) pareanoe ar
219193 YM a]qissodurt axe JOWNE UT jJ9saUO Surques 10 UNL
v Bulpppes se yons uorstsaid Sumber sanransy "Aynoyytp
[+28 are Aauajag Sursn apy apew syoene Au "qUoUIaAoW
yequiod pue Suruuns 40} pasn aq AfUO Seu AI1I9}9D)
sso1oua1oyap
snorsuNu parensuowep oaey wey syd ula yelnig
Buryoey st sauyjdiosip
Jeo1skyd yioq 10 aUO J9A0 JoNUOD s,ardeIEYD ayp *(a8vo
-Ul] pareonpaun ue ‘poojq UrYA) Uoseas JoAdIeYM 404

(AUT Ld ¢-]) TOULNOD sO WUT]

~1OMUAW UL JOp aUO 1se9|
ve ssassod yshur ayy siya Yt yenug e ‘AJsno1ago IUyy
siyp Jo asn wo aq ued o8pa]mouy e aseaiout 01 Juads siuIOd
ayp Jey wey ax0W ON "a8papnouy v Sursea:ou! uo puods
01 auIod souazadxa ao sureS Ja1DeTeY> ayp ‘ssa99Ns YDRA IO
(edu jaquy s,raxdereyp ayp snurw Oy] AaNo1yIp) punosdyoeg
JOIUDYY OP UL sey ay se aD1p AUeUE se |fou AeUE 2adejd oy
"uoned siq ysis 12e1U09 papuarxo sey JoIdeIeYD aqp se BuO] OS
‘Azoas yova Jo pua ay ry "Apnas Jo sosinoo snouea ur zrveIeyD
ay JOoYps 01 saomoser pue aouaned oy YIM aUO ang auis
sty Apitessa99u yoU ‘ONAL A]Te|OY>s e sey JaIDEIEYD AY

Clg *Ld ) HOWTELLD | SHO.LNAYAT
ain} auO 10J SUPE Jay] JONUOD AeUL 49298
-1eYp ayp paaarype ssa2ons ysva 40, "Azuay asisoz 2 AINOYPIP
JeuSz0 arp wets systY auo AyMoypip eye sDUNSUT 10 ]ONUED
JS 29y [Jor pue quIod somodypi yy & puads asnus aueyy step
ya sadejd yy "ayer sarzuay say UORIaNp atp jonuo> own
poluq vsoy ued Yyelnag asoyp ‘sroyL0Ig paut}diostp ssa] sioyp Ue
uow AUP iseag ay Jo []B> aU asISaI 02 ayqeUN apy [9g PUE
astag jo ssouareme soy pareiaqur Ayjny a10W savy ‘AysajaUy
02 UOHOAsp Hoy? yBnorp ‘uej> ay jo UampeIG UIEUED,
yelrag ay Jo onsuaiery> Surysinsunsip v si Acuay or
Agyiqudassns jou 20 21 Jo ypnn ayp adadse Aoyp 124A

CLAY "LA @) SHO, SAUD

spouasoig BULAJOAUT s}]oI Je
Jo} AapNoIyIp Z- We st ayy sy WIN Yelnag Yy ‘aouaiazap
MOYS SyOIeUOU! Jo 1UaPYUOD sow ay? ayeU pjnos ey
Aqyeuosiad yo ao104 & ssassod yefnag ure1a9 ‘poojg a]qou
jo doup apBurs & ssassod ou Aew Aaya apry,y "sonnpenb
auei aambas 99s yefnag oy2 se siopeay yong -siarsew
sundwea jo iy uRYA Jaye ‘Burag-]Joa UMO soy 40)
a8uvys souanyu or suewny aSesnooua ‘uep> Joy2o Aue
ueyp aro ‘siojeaz ay_L ‘a8eaur] 9]qQoUu jo spew Surseaq
"Wg Ya saapasway2 UZa2U09 OU Op YefnIg ‘annua,

pue eiquosey ayp sea Arewud aya ayyUQ

(ARAL Ld Z) SONTY AO ONAN,
SMUT ONY S.LIayAy

SLU, MAN


New Discretine PowERS

The Brujah ever seek to extend their mastery of themselves
and their Cainite heritage. This quest for knowledge has brought
to light new powers both within and without their triad of core
disciplines. Most such powers were designed for the medieval
style of warfare, and thus fade from use with the centuries.

COMMAND THE Wary S1
(PRESENCE 3, ANIMALISM 3)

Through use of this power, the Cainite can cause his

s? mounts to rear and bolt, singly or en masse, by the

strength of his gaze alone. The player canalso elect tobolster the

courage and tractability of his allies' steeds, allowing greater

control in battle and the ability to manipulate the animals into

performing actions or entering places they would normally
avoid.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls

Manipulation + Animal Ken (difficulty 7). Enemy mounts

ed become terrified and nigh uncontrollable. Difficulties of

all Ride rolls are increased by 3, and mounted combat becomes
impossible. Friendly mounts affected by this power become
much more pliant (- 2 difficulty on all Ride rolls), and may be
coerced to remain calm in situations they would normally avoid.

Esprit DE Corps (POTENCE
PRESENCE 5)

A Brujah with this power can stir the hearts of his
allies, granting them courage and strength in the cause for
which they fight. Once the power is employed, those
affected will fight fearlessly and with great strength, fol
lowing the Cainite into battle against even the most
overwhelming odds.

System: The player rolls Strength + Intimidation
(difficulty 7). Any opposing power that would inspire fear
or otherwise mentally prevent those affected by Esprit de

Corps from fighting faces a +2 to its difficulty. Also, all

allies affected receive one dot in Potence for the duration
of the scene per two success, whether mortal, ghoul or
Cainite.

The number of successes rolled determines how many
of your allies the power affects:

1 success ne person

Two people
Six people

20 people

3 successes
4 successes
5 successes Il allies in the vampire's imme-

diate vicinity (e.g., a courtyard or battle group)


Zirethren of the Clan

HAUGHTY
PERFECTIONIST

Quote: You bested me now, but in a year we shall meet again
Then we will see who is the better man

Prelude: You never doubted your fitness to lead the family
once your father passed away. With a healthy, if dull, brother
ahead of you in the succession, however, you knew your chances
of inheritance were slim. Divine intervention seemed unlikely
and assassination carried heavy risks, so you decided upon the
course of simply proving your superior worth to the family
patriarch. Equally adept at academics and fisticuffs, you made
fewfriendsatuniversity. None coulddeny yourtalents, however,
and you graduated with well-deserved honors.

Even your scholastic achievements and skill in swordplay
could not overcome the heavy weight of tradition; your brother
remained heir. Youprotestedand youraged, but your father's will
was explicit: to your brother went wealth and the estate, to you
went a recommendation to take holy orders. Certain that a
better furure than the cloistered life of a monk awaited you, you
set off to chart your own destiny

CV AMPIRE

AD DI AOS

Puree

[Narune: TYRANT
Desteanon: AUTOCRAT
Cae BRUAH

Gexexaross (2th
Haves

Coneme navaHTY
Benrecnonst

FL TRIBUTES!

Mevrnt

PRESENCE

ADVANTAGES:
Bacwonoun
RESOURCES
FLUENCE —«

Ron

RY.

Buon Poe

doocogo000
doocooo000

While employed as tutor to the son ofa wealthy merchant you
sawan opportunity toattack your brother, ifnot physically. Through
your employer you convinced town officials and other tradesmen to
purchase a charter of self-government from the king. Once granted,
the charter reduced yourbrother'spolitical influence tonothing. The
town rewarded your efforts in organizing the commune with a minor
clerical position which you graciesty declined.

Your deeds were not without an admirer, however, one who
sought youout one evening justafter sundown. He commended your
many talents and explained his offer, an etemal one — if you felt
yourself worthy and interested. Old pride welled up in yourbreast. Of
course you were interested! Of course you were worthy! And, of
course, you were Embraced.

Concept: Fervently determined to prove your superior
worth, you strive forself-betterment. You practice incessantly in
your site's training hall, and intend to design one of your own,
some night. The lure of physical mastery has eclipsed your
devotion to mental development, but your confidence in both
areas temainshigh. Youhave all eternity toadvance
yourself, and plan on taking every advantage
of the chance

Roleplaying Hints: The day youbested
your sire in swordplay was a proud one
Emancipated from his authority, you seck
other Cainites out forftiendly duels. Vic
tory swells your pride, defeat incites
your rage, and you leam from
both. You prefer physi-
cal challenges to
political intrigue,
butwouldconsider
attending to any
worthy cause. Sto-
ries of a line of
clanmates devoted

to absolute perfec-

tion have excited
your interest — one
day you are sure you
will number you
among their ranks.
Equipment:
Worn finery,
broadsword,
basic text-
books, diploma


SUBVERSIVE
SCHOLAR

Quote: Let me tell you of the ekklesia, where free men used to
choose their own destiny. Then let me tell you how to become free men.

Prelude: For generations your family served the count, caring
for his estates and acting as couriers and envoys. Possessing a keen
wit and sharp ears, you quickly rose to the position of envoy in the
count's service. Something about your character cultivated the
confidence of others, leaving the countalways one step ahead of his
enemies and your purse lined with silver.

When not ferreting out information on rival lords, you
immersed yourself in the histories of Greece and Rome, and
the doctrines of its finest leaders and thinkers: Solon,
Pericles, Cicero and Plato. Their words inspired you, but
the grim realities of present day society left thoughts of
just rule in your daydreams. The lessons gained from
your studies of philosophy, however, afforded new
insights in the way you conducted your business.

The motives of common men and kings became
your playthings, but with new wisdom came dissat-
isfaction with the nature of society and your place
within it,

The man who visited you in your reading chamber one night
wore the garb of a courtier but carried himself like a man trained for
battle, He admired your erudition and returned night after night to
discoverhow much you had learned of the past. He spoke with such
knowledge and authority of the Golden Age of Hellas (as he
insisted upon calling it) that when he at last revealed his true nature
you could only nod in simple acceptance of his offer. If he had seen
such miracles as Solon's reign and Caesar's, and passed them on to
you, then how could you not accept his mantle and pass on your
history as well?

Concept: Rarely staying in one place for long, you travel the
length and breadth of civilization recording all that you see. You
have not let your talent for eavesdropping grow cold, however, and
learn whatever you might about the mortal and immortal lords of
the regions in which you travel. Your fellow clan members have
come torely on youfor information, notonly concerning those they
fight against, but also the ancient past they strive to restore.

Roleplaying Hints: Your primary goal has changed from the
acquisition of knowledge to its dissemination. The more informa-
tion the local populace possesses concerning their rulers, the
greater the potential for unrest to develop. You spread the seeds,
and your brethren harvest the wheat. Youspeak with authority, and
if your message is somewhat skewed to the Brujah perspective, it is
no matter. History is written by the victorious, and you intend to
write the history.

Equipment: Pack horse, cudgel, saddlebags, afew small tomes,
scrolls, ink and quill pen.

LIBELLUS SANGUINIS 2

Nast
Buivent
Crmosscue

Deans

iv

Narune PENTENT — Gesenarow: 2th
DewexNone CARETAKER Haves
Cus: BRUIAH Concevr: SUBVERSIVE

a SCHOLER,
FAIVTRIBUTES!

ws #00000,
1—<—<—<—
AIGE e000

‘Oru Tans

= Wusvowsn
do00000000

000 Poon

oooo0000
DooooooG

docacon

Pca


WRATHFUL
PEASANT

Quote: Forall your titles, wealth and pride, your blood tastes like
that of any other mortal, my "lord."

Prelude: Born into an already overcrowded family of serfs,
you knew from an early age what it was to be slave to land and
lord. Your family earned little, and the nobility taxed them
heavily tosupport their wars. The resignation of your fellowsonly
inflamed your hatred of your position in the world. Youspoke out
against your lord quietly at first, but too many hungry nights fed
the vitriol in your heart until word of your discontentreached the
ears of yourmaster. When the soldiers came for you, you ran, but
satisfaction at your escape turned to fury as you watched the
troops set your home and others aflame instead.

Your neighbors blamed you for the loss of their homes and
drove you out, but you knew that your cause was just. Your zeal
attracted the attentions of one who gave you hope, even though
she told you the cost of your continued struggle would be your life.
You accepted her offer of immortality without question. What
was your life now, but a form of damnation? And if only blood
could sate your hunger, you knew who would provide your first
meal. The lord who burned your home fell all too quickly to your
wrath, but these nights you take your time with your prey.

The peasantry still huddle like sheep, and as sheep they feed
your hunger. Perhaps their fear of your predation shall excite
them into revolt against an aristocracy unable to protect them
from your hunger. Few of your clanmates will associate with you,
so you seek allies where you may. You have heeded their
warnings, but not for the reasons they might expect. The blood
ofhuman royalty satisfies your palate for now, but more and more
your mind fixates on the vitae of your vampiric rulers. You lack
the strength to face them now, but the night will come when you
will add their power to yours

Concept: You are an avenging angel sent by God to punish
the mighty, or perhaps a demon of Hell. It is for others to debate
the source of your power and inspiration. Your acts of carnage
against mortal nobility are no longer driven by vengeance but the
pleasure you take in reducing mortals of stature to weeping and
begging for your mercy. Though you prefer targets of noble
station, you are not above (beneath?) taking the blood of holy
men. Afterall, ifsuch men were strong enough in their faith, they
would have nothing to fear from the likes of you.

Roleplaying Hints: You continuously encourage and assist
in the efforts of your Brujah companions to bring low those who
hold themselves so high. You feed without remorse and allow
others torestrict you only when it furthers your purpose. You take
delight in intimidating the weak, but beware those of greater
power for now. Your night will come, as will theirs.

Equipment: Broadsword, traveling supplies, stolen funds,
trinkets that serve as trophies of your kills.

eS a

Nowe Navune: REBEL
Puavn Destensor: ROGUE Havens

Gexewamo: 20h

uRamsut

Cwonc Cas Peasant

BRUIA Concer

ALTTRIBUT!
Pays Sout

Save 0000 See 00008
——— HAN —
Descour Virras

HEAVEN
eeeee00000
Wiupowen
ooooocco00

Feo Pook

jooooo000
‘gaceoaa


THE DISILLUSIONED
REBEL

Quote: Speak to me no more of causes or justice! My nights
of fighting others' battles are over now!

Prelude: As the daughter of a freeman living in the
shadow of the duke's manor, you lived little better than the
serfs, but your father held hishead high. Froman early age, you
learned that fate was not a kind mistress, and that you had to
fight for everything you had. To this day, you remember the
day the duke's troops marched through yourfieldsand trampled
the crops, and the long, hungry winter that followed

Summers later plague struck; of your family, you alone
survived. Unable to work the farmalone and unwilling to bind
yourself in marriage, you left the farm and joined a traveling

nd of mercenaries. You performed menial duties: mending
idles, cooking, minding the horses —whatever the warriors
did not wish to do themselves. Ie was little better than life on
the farm, but you were your own mistress, and your freedom
was worth any price. You fought to earn the respect of your
companions, and soon carried a sword with the rest of them.
You cared little for whom
you fought. Baron, bishop
and brigand were all the
same to you, so your sword
went to the highest bidder.
One night, your current
"employer" sought to take
his liberty with a servant
you had befriended. As
he dragged thegirl away,
you put a knife into

his back.

You — fled,
knowing full well the
penalty for his mur-
der would be

execution. Your
victim's men

— caught up
Sto you,
but a

figure from the shadows
cut them down as soon as
they arrived. Confused
but in need of aid, you
let the woman take you
away. She claimed to
have watched you for
several months, and
deemed youworthy of
® joining her long

struggle for justice. Her offer of immortality struck you as
obscene, but she would not take no for an answer. You stayed
with your sire long enough to learn of your new powers and the
dangers of the world, then struck out on your own. You derest
your undead state, but now you have all of eternity to support
the one cause that matters: your own.

Concept: You travel where your fancy leads you, enjoying
a freedom more profound than any you could have known in
your living days. Occasionally you accept a companion for a
time, but eventually each road comes to a fork and you part
ways. Memories of that hungry winter still burden you, how-
ever, and the temptation to finish the business you have left
behind tugs at you

Roleplaying Hints: Your years as a sell-sword have not
cured you of your cynicism regarding the aristocracy. Let your
fellow clan members worry about the princes of the undead;
you are far more concerned with your own unlife. Ifsomething
tries to control you, avoid it. If someone steps in your way, cut
him down. It's that simple.

Equipment: Sword and dagger, traveling clothes, several
scrolls with royal orders calling for your execution

Nowe Nowonis REBEL Gesexnmons 11h,
Pure Deters SURVIVOR Haves
Comoe: Cuan BRUAK, Conca

FLTTRIBUTES'

psetusero
Saat

ABTS $$
Sous Kwoweenies

ht ——

Drcvunes Bac Voeraes

CELERY eo0000 __ CONTE
BOIENCE so9000
BRESENCE s 2900

‘Onnen Tears
800000 Ware:

Conn


OF Historical Mote:
Warnings of the Sire

Be silent for-awhile-Michel, and let:me speak. I've traveled far to.be with-you; I've
notime for extended greetings or farewells. J will relate all I have learned, and then‘l am
bound for Greece.

Tt-was-my intent to spend two:seasons exploring the remnants of Carthage,:secking:
any.artifactof.greater note' than' the: bones.of those poor mortals caught within the wars.
that destroyed -her<In truch-mystaylasted only four: days, but L yall explain-that in due
course. Truly, Scipio-didinot leave a single stone set upon stone."The razing of our Third:
City was as.complete-as the stories'say, but Eve learned much of Carthage and its:final
days that:was new to me; I'l not repeat tales already told; I crust you've not forgotten all
T taught you: ,

Ic is'a far different land-than I remember. Christendom hasall but faded'from sight,
and the charchesof hippo, Thagasteand Alexandria stand rotting and'abandoned: Garth.
once fertile dried into sand-long ago, andthe glory of Carthage 1s 2 lost memory. A few.
broken pillars and scattered bits of pottcry alone remainof the Third City:MyCappadocian
colleague, called PictroCactani, and Lwere forced to depend onnatural landmarks to lead:
us'to: the areas where monuments once stood and battles had raged.

‘Immieasurable lack and the skills of my-colleague, or so we thought, helped us unearth:
adeeply buried cairn. I confess; 1 tore at the rubble with my own hands.as though in frenzy,
heedless of the dipping tools we had brought and the warnings of my friend. The stones
were jagged, and scraped the flesh from my hands, but the painonly encouraged my efforts.
Dietro lent his strength to mine, but: with ‘his usual calm, my. jest concerning "che
Graverobber at work" drawing only a sincere nodi

‘As vigorously as I attacked the earth, it was Dietro who broke through the final layer
of rubble first. Iremember during onc of our many discussions, I slammed shut the heavy
tome that occupied him and demanded.his attention. he set the book upon its binding and
tapped at its center: The book fell open to-the exact page he'd been reading when I closed
it. he ‘bore ‘the:same smug expression then as he:did-upon unearthing-the. barrow. Then' =
ahand linged out and-caught Dietro by-the throat, snapped his neck likea dry twig and. /
dragged ‘him into the cairn. Then the grave's occupant tore open my friend's:gullet and: *y
consumed. his vitae; =}


OI eee CT ert.

‘

LLAMA

Danin me; Michel, could but watch! Dictro struggled but could not brealchis captor's grip.
My fricnid fought but died, while I jase stood there, immobilized. I saw his body crumble into ash
and scatter uipon the wind like sand. But that horror was forgotten in ayheartbeat, for Dictro's,
murderer then rose from the grave. The man who climbed from the crypt was of small stature
bur perfect build he possessed buta single cye, Michel, but it burned, not like those ofthe Gangrel
but like-my-memiory of sunrise;

"Greetings; brother," he said, the dialect he used barely comprehensible to mic. "I have been
waiting for one suich: as you toxreturn horne; "she laid bare my mind a5 rasily as he hail ravaged

Dietro's throat; forcing loose a torrent of memories I could:domothing to staunch. In time,
he ended his search with a sad exclamation, then took my hand like Twas a child; Leading my
unsteady foorsteps, he wathed Oiard-theeca.! Vongyeh £0 Kooi Shani: hesaid. "Fowl el
You, then, a8 recompense for the-loss of. your friend."

There' were six-of-them,'six of the eldest who! gave themselves over: to. BaalHaman'and
inspired his Worship among, the people of Carthage: In return for the sacrifices— up tozoochildren.
inone dayl = Carthage-grew into the Third City. It was everything you and I have heard, both
ftom ‘our- brothets' accounts ‘and: Ventruc. slander. The blood. of these: children fed' vampiric
‘cravings and: mortal Superstitions; and in that Way the practice was endorsed by all

Of-the wars that destroyed-our- city he would say infurfatingly little, and I:feared to press
him: Three of the six'sought t6 break from the pact, secure that their strength and that of the
Gainites of Carthage could overcorne the rot that gnawed at the heart of the city. It was riot so
simple; In'short, "chaos swept over our-home, the Ventrue induced the Romans to attack, and
Scipio. and bis Cainite allies letthe city burn for.17 days. At this point my.captor reached his
destination, a deep pit onthe western arm of the harbor. It resembled perfectly the cavity from
which he had emerged, only time had croded its edges and filled in part of its depth:

‘There are two more such tombs not far from this place," he said, "but here js where my

ney ends." I was unsure of his meaning when at last I beheld the lightening sky: Instinctively
Tstruggled, but my guide made no move to seck shelter or release me from his unbreakable grip.

"You see, brother, of the three who rebelled against the pact, I am the only one to:-have
survived ;arid'l have survived for longer than I canbear.The Baali have exhumed my old criemies.
‘Beware of therh,for they are potent and-aided by che Infernal." With that the sun's first rays
Janced-over the horizon, mirroring my brother's cye. he cast my smoldering body into the pit and
blanketed 'me With earth: Not even ash greeted me when I awoke.

Jam shating this story with but afew of our brethren, lest the Brujah become:as hunted'as
thé Salubri! What wasionce a Wary eye must become: the-cye of the hunter. Whether the fallen:
‘Brujah have woken from heir sleep I do not kndw; butmany yearShave passed since they entered
torpor: Tell only those jou. trust, and: guide the rest'as you can. It is such a share that Francisco.
abandoned you for our Emplish brethren; he Showed great potential. No matter, I must journey. |
‘to hellas to speak-withour elders. Dethapsthisis news enough to rouse them ftom their indolence.
Farewell, Michel; until we meet again.


Do you see these scrolls? Do you know what they contain? Here is \
all the majesty and knowledge of Athens and Rome, of Carthage .
and of forgotten Ur, kept against the ravages of the centuries. And 1 ||
who has held these secrets in safety, childe? I have. For in knowledge
there is power, and my knowledge is great indeed. Perhaps someday
you will understand this; for now, it is enough to know that as my re |
knowledge is great, so too is my power. | | }
Prepare for your instruction, childe. It is my fervent hope that you | | |
will survive it. 4a 1 |

|

Libellus Sanguinis II: Keepers of the Word Contains: »
A © The secrets of three Dark Medieval Clans: the Brujah, Toreador iS
) and Tremere;
e Expanded Discipline powers, Merits and Flaws, and additional |
| ® tools for creating a Dark Ages character; f
N © The deepest, darkest secrets of three powerful clans — truths that |
have been lost to the ages until now.

815

il
