# File: Litany Of The Tribes Vol. 1.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Aribebook Coripilation for
Werewolf: CheApocalypse and WerewolfChe Wild West



THE IMAGES ON THE GCREEN
MAKE mE WANT TO RAGE.
BUT THIS 19 NOT THE TWAE OR
PLACE. LATER. PLL ALLOW
MYSELF THE LUXURY.

THE WOMAN ON THE SCREEN IS
SCREAMING. NOTHING NEW. BUT
THE OBSCENITY SHE GUFFERS IS
NOT SPECIAL EFFECT.

—_— oe

A GROTESQUE MAN Is
LAUGHING BEHIND AAG. IF
HE UAS EVER HAD A
VYOMAN, 1 PITY HER.

SSn1_ £ SSSS < HE ISSISSSSSSE

nee sae Sls N NOT TO PUKE.

—w,
HEY. BARE LICE THE SHuOw?
TLL BET YOU DO. DONT YOU?

Feel ceca OR

HIS BREATH COULD
OQURDPLE A CORPSE.

MY SMILE IS FOR REAL. 1
ALREADY KNOW WHAT PAA
GOING TO DO TO HIM.


HE VWASAPT WORTH
A SHAPESHIFT.

N

oe

aAY RAGE FEELS GOOD. uic
BLOOD TASTES BETTER,


‘ ne
5 .
THE MANAGER REEKS OF ; .
DRAKKAR NOIR. 1COLLAR HIM NO ONE NOTICES SCREAMG IN
OUTGEIDE TO ASK HIM SOME TMG PART OF TOWN,
. a «~ m Re —)
3 i o
4 "2 e .

GUES TIONS. am

\


MORONS FLOCK TO

TINGEL TOWN LIKE FLIES ON
ROAPDKILL. WANNA EE IN
PICTURES? WE MAKE ALL
KINDS DOWN HERE.

A SIGTER FIXES ME UP. GLASS
EYE AND EVERY THING.

FULT | | Pas
FEL | LLL Tf | A yA y? - "22
Gutta af \ "wy U LUKE. VOURE IN MOVIES?
Gy) (<n & . 2: ‘
{Th ;

Sy

/

| AGT LIKE EVERY STUPID APE
Wve EVER KNOWN.

——
_—
DEAD GIVE-AWAY. A WOLF
IND THE FOLD.

7 a Ff


KNOY (Pores A
PORNO SHOOT.

<a 0
a _

HOW MANY GIRLS? HOW
MANY CHILDREN? HOW MANY
ROOMS LIKE THIS?

THIS IS TOD EASY &
CHUbY TO ie IN,

a

1 TASTE THE BITTER RAGE,
BUT THIG IGAST THE PLACE...

el
THIS IG A BAD TOWN TO BE [ THIS 12 JUST A
UNEAAPLOYED IN. WAY-S TATION. TEMPORARY
RECRUITING QUARTERS.
a

IW ANT TO RIP
QUT THE HEART.

L MAKE IT LOOK GOOD. BUT
NOT TOO GOor.

1G@O LiMAe. IT BEATS
BEING DRUGGED.

THATE HEADACHES.


A& QUICK HOP ACROSs TOWN

IN THE BACK OF A VARL THE THEY HANDOUEF WS BEFORE
BLINDFOLPS. ROOA IG COLD AND eTinice WE OWAKE." IVE BROKEN
OF SEX GONE STALE ANID HANDCUFFS BEFOR'
STUPID.
<7
é tt ee aa
Y
Z ed Aer

— / ca er eS mm. N

ye a <e 2

wv
3
2

=e, en
% a " ~
1 SMELL AY UAGENT." OLD sty ent
BLOOD... AND NEW LEATHER. SEP aT
Vine Ni
.. + OH MY GOD
THE GHOST OF THE WOMAN I ba
BAW ON THE SCREEN LOVERS alias 4
NEARBY. SHE ig¢ NOT ALONE. u ¥
. — NOINO! GODINHEAVEN
TT z , te MESUECHRIET NOOM
2 as
! TASTE PY RAGE, _ -
SwEETER THAN fg < a -
BLOOD.
; wy x F RAGE!
LGET A PAST-LIFE FLASH! OF ; \ ) Va
THER TIMES. BURNING TIMES < n ee

OQ
DIFFERENT PLACE. SAME
DEMIOES. SIMILAR. ANY VWAN.

a Ae j isi

DOES IT EVER LANGE? DOES y ~ Zo
IT EVER STOP i 4 ws

RAGE! ch

Lok RAGE! 7 wo
} Zz

a am
my ae = ¢
— onto ~
= Sy ae = é
, =

x a
v Nesp 14


FILM BURNG WELL, VIDEOTAPE

LLOST A-GOOD PAIR OF DAMN THING IS. THERE WILL

BOOTS. GOOD JACKET. TOO. CRINKLES IN THE HO TO GET BE SOMEWHERE ELSE.
THEIR JOLLIES SOMEWHERE ELSE.

"4

= ‘ _
rd .
t - .
{ MRENS. TIME TO GO. oe
" 7 GAVE ME. Fa... sZa

a
FOr SIaTe
BET AN TI
BETTER THE Muck PEATH A
WITH NO ONE WATCHING. F}

w

HOW MANY, MOTHER? F:
HOW MANY MORE... ae
- = res

HARNI5.45


URIES

By Phil Brucato
with Judith A. WtcGlaughlin

WN

\\

Credits

Awther: Phil Brucaro

Additional quotes, ideas, and guidance: Judith A.
MeGiaughlin. . .

Greek term research: Ellen Brundige

Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: Heather Bryden

Cover/Splash Page and comic book: Tony Harris

Act Director: Richard Thomas

Art: Ron Spenser

Typesetting and Layout: Sam Chupp and Aileen E.
Miles

Logo and Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

E. SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA.

WHITE-WOLE
GAME STupie

© 1997 White Woif Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes
of reviews, and blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire
the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
‘Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Aion, Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Black Furies
Tribebook, Bone Gnawers Tribebook, Children of Gaia
Tribebook and Litany of the Tribes are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to amy conipany or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.

Special Chanks

Chris "Briisecriiise' McDon6éugh for "slipping" on the
booze cruise.

Michelle "Mad Hatter" Prahler for hér Hat Party in that
tiny apartment.

Josh "Waterloo" Timbrook for the battle against the
water heater.

Rich "Howling Harlan" Thomas for sending off the book
forms too late: a

Stewe "Here comes da' judgé" Wieck for gettin' the ugly.

Ben "Bad hair week" Monk Jr. for his to-die-for hair
styles. :

Jim "Overtime" Townsend; promises, promises...

Sam "Paradox" Chupp for trying to hand his Mage game
off to Phil.

(Dedications

To Cathi, Jane, Jennifer, and Shadow

Author's Mote

Some of the subjects and sentiments expressed in
the book aré pretty strong. 1 make no apologies for this.
Anything less would be a disservice to the characters
and an insult to the audience. Though the world of the
Black Furies is fictional, the specter of violence against
women is not. Thousands of women are beaten, raped,
and killed each day worldwide, often by people they
love. If you have suffered such abuse, you are not alone.
If you have not, someone you know may have. Stand
up, speak out,.and offer your hand to those in need.
Silence and "propriety" help no one.

WW

y


Contents
Introduction: Che Lessons Begin |

- Chapter One: SeAEVvELOA ASEAOME .
_€gisters of the Wtoon)

The history of the. Black Furies

Chapter Cwo: Tpomoo KvKi0oo
(Che Way of the Circle)

The culture of the Black Furies

Chapter Chree: KarA DUG Toeto
(Gaia's Dale)

Thé Black Furies 6ver the world

— Appendix One: Powers

New Gifts, rites, fetishes and totems

Appendix Two: Black Fury Cemplates—

Five réady-to-play charactérs

Appendix Chree: Furies of Note

Famous Black Furies throughout the world

LL

SES . _ Contents

14

22

34

40

45

56

ii



Every woman ought to be filled with shame at the thought that
she is a wornan:
— Clement of Alexandria
Better to'die on one's feet than live ori one's knees!
 Dolotes Ibarruri

Asrrogarit pup!

Look at you, your soul still bleeding from your First
Change, the scars of your Passage Rite still fresh, decked
out in your leather and steel and ready to join the Furies,
the ass-kicking bitches of Gaia's vengeance!

Beware, little sister. That way lies the Wyrm.

Violence for its own sake is the province of the Red.

Talons and the Get, not our tribe, and they are closer to the
Wyrm. than they know. The Wyrm feeds on their unfet-
tered Rage, and he laughs.

Our Rage is pure, the slash and howl of the wounded.

mother, not the senseless carnage of the glory-seeker. We
Black Furies serve life above all, for sisters are the bearers
of the future. Hatred, simple Rage without focus, is the
gateway to the Wyrm. We kill to defend or avenge, but our

true path is to protect, to nurture, to teach: Even if the
Apocalypse is upon us, we must bring forth the seeds of the
future. Orherwise,..everything goes down in blood with
nothing the better for it.

I know the pain in you, the stinging slaps and Rage of
blasphemy, of women raped and. children beaten. The hand
of the Patriarch is heavy, and the Wyrm guides that hand

' ¢hrough fearful Scriptures. Our Mother knows your pain all

too well.
Sit down, little sister, and listen. You have much to learn;

‘and unlearn: Qur lore, our legends. Sit down, little sister,
\ and keep an open mind. Everything you thought you knew

is wrong. Everything you felt within you, unspoken, has
been right all along.

Introduction ; I3

wy

Ww



There was a tine when you were not a slave, remernber that.
You walked alone, full of laughter , you bathed bare-bellied. You
say you have lost allrecollection of it, remember... You say there
are no words to describe this time, you savy it does not exist. But
remember..Make an effort to remember. Or, failing that,

invent.

~-- Monique Witting, Les Guerilleres

The young Fury bristled from her elder's rebuke, tossing
her spiky black hair from her eyes and raising her chin to
meet the elder gaze for gaze. The elder chuckled. The
youngster reddened. "Iam not your enemy, little one," said
the elder, "save your Rage for the Wyrmspawn."

The young Fury crossed her arms defiantly and remained
standing, despite the elder's invitation. "Sit down, sister,"
the old one repeated, "I havé much to tell you."

"PI stand, thanks," the young Fury retorted." The elder
shrugged; "So be it. Your legs, your loss... "

7» ©

Chapter One

"he First (Days

Anger éan be seen as a response to anattack; very few men
are in positions where they can afford to directly confront their
attackers. :

Men's anger, then, becomes twisted and perverted. It-is
threatening to recognize the true source of his rage, because then
he would be forced to recognize the helplessness... of his position.
Instead, he may turn his anger on safer targets ~— women,
children, or still less powerful men.

—- Starhawk, The Spiral Dance

In the First Days, the balance stood firm in the hands of

the Goddess. Life was never easy; let no one tell you it was.

is

"
r
r

L


dedubduns

sia am Ot

ee eee

waemnecem

Pain; sickness, and death have éver walked in-hand with
joy, health, and life. Such is the Mother's way. Without
thorns, the rose loses its sweetness. But in those days there
was balance..Man and Woman stood together without
anger, without hate, for mutual survival. Man, closer to the
earth, hunted and built with the strength of his arm and the
power of his spirit. Woman, closer to the Mother, tended,
taught, and strove with Man to bring forth and guide new
life. As it is with all other animals, so then it once was with
humans. .

Men do serve a purpose, yourknow, beyond the spreading
of seed. The Wyld was strong in those days, and I need not
remind you how deadly the Wyld can be.

It is said that in those First Days,-the Mother, in her
aspect of Artemis the huntress, transformed a pack of black
she-wolves into her personal servants, that she might pass
on to the hurnans the mysteries that only Women share.
"These wolves were our foremothers, and they spoke only to
Woman. Man saw this, and was jealous.

Inancient times, Man bent his knee to Woman, believe
it if you will, and his heart burned with envy to see Woman
befriend the wolves. The Wyrm seized on that envy, and
visited Man, teaching him the secrets of seed and womb. As
the Wyrm feasted on the jealousy of Man for Woman,
Man's strength was turned against his partner and the peace
was lost. With his great strength and natural aggression,
Man quickly turned his hand from survival to conquest.

His tyranny lashed out not only at his partners, but at all
the Wyld. The Wyrm delighted in his new ally and set Man
about the task of raping both the bodies of Woman and the
souls of the Mother. Despairing at the destruction, the
Huncress of the Moon appeared to her she-wolves and
transformed them. into the First Daughters, into Garou.
Passing to them human names, powerful fetishes, and the
full mysteries of Womanhood, she charged them with
reining in the fury of Man, and teaching him the fury of
Woman.

The First Daughters passed among the humans for many
years, and their wrath grew strong. Isthsmene, the Warrior
and the fairest of the pack, and Euryale, the very first
Daughter, urged that Man be punished, beaten back down
to the feet of Woman. But Helena, the Wise One, saw
correctly that Man's fury; so chained, would only grow and
erupt again. Balance had been lost, balance must be re-
gained. Medusa, the Artisan whose Rage froze men like
stone, sang songs of batrle for Isthsmene. Stheno, the pack
Mother, urged compromise; limit the spread of Man and
thus limit his power. So did the First Daughters join the
Impergium.

l see you recognize the narne of Medusa, and maybe
Euryale and Sthenoas well. Gorgons, Mancalled them, and
built up myths about them in his ignorance.

The First Daughters, it is said, walked the Earth for long
lifetimes. They kept their watch and taught Woman their
secrets at revels and feasts: They chose males both human
and wolf as lovers and gave birth to threescore children, the

y


Second ‘Daughters. From them,°Man learned again to
respect the power of Woman, as the ancient tales: of
goddesses show...

se es. @

"Oh, please," sricered the young Fury; "spare me the fairy
tales!"

The old Fury's lips curled in' a snarl, and her scalp
bristled.."Don't roll-your eyes at me, sister!" she snapped.
*You still think too firmly with Man's logic. Listen, do not
judge!"

The young woman shruggéd, and the elder's eyes blazed.
"Stop smirking! This is high lore, child, not back-fence
gossip, and deserves to be told as such!"

Whatever," muttered the youngster, crossing her arms.
TVhe-elder continued, but her tome betrayed her anger.
Battle lines had been drawn.

7» * @

The Wyrm gnashed his teeth and bit his tail in fury. His
poison poured into the hearts of Man, and bicter struggles
arose. Many human women fled the cities of Man to build
cities of their own. Some of the Second Daughters joined
them there, and the Wyrm fed them poison, too. The earth
screamed as blood of Woman, Man, and animal spilled in
floods, and the Mother's fury grew.

The First Daughters were long-lived but not immortal.
As age overtook them, Wyrm-tainted heroes of Man slew
the mothers of our kind. In wrath and despair, Artemis sent
Incarna —— Pegasus, Owl, Unicorn, Panther —~ to aid the
Second Daughters..Christened the Black Furies, the Sec-
ond Daughters spread across the known world. For many
years the council of wise Helena was forgotten, and the War
of Rage, battles with other tribes, and our custom of slaying
male children, held until recently, kept our numbers low,
while the children of Man multiplied and passed on the
Wyrm-taint.

That Wyrm-taint poisoned many of the Garou as well.
As our foremothers traveled, they met tribes where females
were treated with disrespect. They made war with those
tribes,.as we still do. The hatred between the Furies and the
Get of Fenris remains a wound in the Mother's side,
festering still. The strength of the Fianna, Get, and Shadow
Lords has kept us from the Northern areas of Europe, even
in modern times, and any incursion by them imto our
homelands has been met with claw and fang.

- * @

agg AI A APPT AT ME PT A Sa GAP PP

(he Patriarch

In childhoéd a woman must be subjected to her father; in
youth, to her husband; when her husband is dead, to her sons.
A woman must never be free of subjugation.

ime Node of Manu, the "first man"
Patriarchy is indeed a male neurosis.
—— Judith Pierce

The elder Fury paused in her tale,-an-ancient hatred
kindled in her eyes. The younger Fury sensed Rage rising.
Despite her full-moon pride, the young Fury backed away
slightly from the heat of that Rage.

one

From the Middle East came the Patriarch, the most
insidious plot.of the Wyrm, under many names in many
forms. The bloody-minded Patriarch rippéd the souls and
battered the bodies of Woman in the name of his male gods.
The Patriarch, the Incarna of jealous man and servant of
Abhorra, the Urge Wyrm of hatred, promised Man limitless
power. For the sake of that power Man gladly bent everyone
around him to the yoke of the Patriarch. Though the
Patriarch's prophets spoke of kindness and good intentions,
they crushed Woman beneath laws of ownership and myths
of sin. .

Taught from the first that they were to blame for the
miseries of the world, the women of the Patriarch wrapped
themselves in cloaks of shame. The Furies raged, seeking to
tear the cloaks from their sister's shoulders, but the spirits
of Woman were crippled as the Patriarch, .in his myriad
forms, rolled across the lands of Europe, Asia, and Africa.
It has been said that the Furies led human followers of the
Mother, the pagan enemies of Greece and Rome, in their
many attacks against those lands. To our shame, the pagan
hordes turned to the Patriarch even as they conquered their
foes, and the Furies allowed it. A brief alliance between the
Get, the Fianna, and our ancestors is said to have come to
an end amid the ruins of Rome.

Over the centuries, the face of the Patriarch changed
and spread, bringing oppression and denial with each new
creed. Yet beneath it all, the Goddess could not be wholly
denied. The cults of the Patriarch tempered their hatred
with the names of love and forgiveness, and the worship of
the Holy Mother infused their litanies. Some Furies, find-
ing solace or merit in some of the teachings of the Patriarch,
sought to save the best of those beliefs and spread the old
ways ina new guise. Others rejected the Patriarch entirely
and led rebellious W/oman in dances beneath the moon.

When Rome fell, the Patriarch faltered for a time,
though his ideas remained strong. Again to our shame, we
Puries grew complacent, feeling that women who chose the
Patriarch's ways were beneath contempt. As we abandoned
the cities of Man for the Wyld, a war of ideas racked the
lands of the Patriarch, and crusades between his cults
ravaged Europe and the Middle East. I have heard rumors
these wars were fed by our sisters, some of whom used

Chapter One L7

ANY

\W\

we


deception to manipulate Man against himself, and I believe
them.

During this time, the Turks invaded our homeland, and
many Furies turmed to battle the conquerors alongside
human allies. We gained many concessions from Man
during these times, which may be why Greece was spared
the horror of the Burning Times.

"he Burning Cimes

Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.
~——- Exodus 22:18

All wickedness is little to the wickedness of a woman.

— Kramer and Sprenger, Malleus Maleficarum

We need not fear that women will do what they cannot do...

— Christine Pierce

From the beginning Woman has shared a close mystic
bond with the Goddess, and from the beginning Man has
feared and envied that bond. As the. Patriarch warred for
the souls of humanity, his priests turned a difference of
beliefinto acrime punishable by torture and death. W/oman's
ways, called witchcraft by some, fell under the gaze of the
priests. Every manner of evil was laid at the door of the
"witch," and no woman was safe.

Many of our Kinfolk and human friends. did indeed
practice witchcraft. But as the Burning Times began, Man
punished Woman for everything he wanted and could not
have. The evil of that time, the sickening outrages, blas-
phemies, tortures, hideous perversions... There are not
words for the carnage, the suffering of thousands of women
murdered screaming in torments we can never conceive.
Angi, Urge-Wyrm of Cruelty, rode high in those days.
Those times are a stain on the souls of Man forever!

We Furies were slow to shift our attentions to this
sacrilege, and it was far too late when we did. The Inquisi-
tors had grown strong, and were prepared for the worst we
could do. Many of the witch-hunters had battled vampires,
and were more than ready to take the fight to us. The Wyrm.
rode beside them, and gave them powers to battle us. Worse
still, it is said the Get of Fenris aided the witch-hunters
against us out of spite. I have no idea if this is true, but one
can never trust the Get.

We fought back at first, but for all of our Rage, we were
outnumbered. Our tribe, never strong in numbers, fell
before armored men with silver weapons. Qur Kinfolk, our
charges among the humans, and thousands who had noth-
ing at all to do with us, were hunted, tortured, and burned.
The Patriarch's cups ran over with innocent blood. Men
died too, but it was Woman who suffered worst in the
Burning Times.

‘The Sisterhood was born during the Burnings; a network
of Furies, Kinfolk, and sympathetic humans who freed and
protected Woman from the hunters. It smuggled women
into Greece and other lands beyond the horror, but many

I8 Black Furies

AI AE IT Ts PP OP

would not leave their homes and fell beneath the torture
and the stake.

The witch-frenzy lasted nearly three hundred years, and
cost untold thousands of lives. Our tribe was laid waste by
the time the witch-frenzy had run its course. It is not easy
to admit helplessness, sister, but we were truly helpless in
those dark times. Remember this when you think of rend-
ing the Veil, of letting yourself be known for who you truly
are. Of all the tribes, the Black Furies have learned most
painfully what all out war with the humans means!

When human explorers sailed to America, we Furies
followed as soon as we could. The mangled souls from the
Burning Times still haunt our home continent. I sensed
them on my journeys through Europe years ago, and never
have I felt a sadder thing.

The few Worlo
ble

Gam

Remember all men would be tyrants if they could. If particu-
lar care.and attention isnot paid to the Ladies we are determined
to fornent a Rebellion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any
Laws in which we have no voice, and no representation.

— Abigail Adams, a letter to her husband John

Depend on it, We know better than to repeal our Masculine
systems.

— John Adams (his reply to the above)

Rage is ever our blessing and our curse. As white settlers
spread across North America, many of our foremothers and
Kinfolk went with them, fleeing the insanity in Europe. To
our shame, we battled the Wendigo and Uktena for the
right to settle on their lands, raising caerms to the Mother,
building towns for our Kinfolk, and breeding with the
native wolves to revive our tribe. Though free from the
taint of the Patriarch, many of the native peoples still
placed Man above Woman, and we naturally objected. It is
easy to say now that our ancestors were wrong, but deeds
were done that cannot be erased. Sister, remember in the
future to respect our mative cousins and avoid our past
arrogance. I have my differences with the Wendigo, but
they are noble allies.

Free at last in an unspoiled land, our foremothers swore
never to repeat their mistakes. It is said that packs of our
sisters moved south to settle near the great river named for
the Amazons, but many remained in the north. At the
Finger Lakes in New York state, we retook a powerful caern.
from the Wyrm, and pledged there a new beginning for
Woman. Never, in this land, would we allow a horror like
the one we had fled. The Patriarch might batter at the heart
of this new land, but by all the blood of our tribe, he would
not take it!

In the years since, we have grown close to our human Kin
and encouraged them to stand up for themselves. The
powerful spirit of this land has fed Woman's urge to be free.
With a stronghold in America, we Furies were able to


rebuild our tribe and stake a claim in the Wyld before it was
entirely overrun. In the deepest forests on Earth, we keep
the peace for the Mother once again.
Unfortunately, the exodus brought about ‘a split in our
tribe, one that festers to this day. Many Old-World Furies
: have long disdained their American kin. Even today they
| : see us as traitors, while American Furies regard the ancient
: traditions of the Temple of Arternis as hopelessly outdated.
We present a united front to the other tribes, -but there
remains a tension within us that I, for one, regret.

Che Finger Lakes Oath

Thrée things trust and cherish well, 9.

The horse on which you-ride,

The beast that guards and watches,

And the sister at your side.

i Mercedes Lackey; "Threes" ;

Have you ever seen the sacred Mother's hand print at
Finger Lakes? You must, sister; all Furies must, for the heart
of the twentieth century was birthed there.. The spirit of
Gaia, of Luna, Artemis, Hecate, Selene ——- am I confusing

very ground, the air, the endless water of Finger Lakes
Caern. It is said that the Mother Herself scooped the Wyrm
out from the land and hurled him away, leaving Her hand
print in the earth. Even if it is not "scientific" cruth, itis a
wonderful story!

you? Never mind, (ll explain ——~ the Mother infuses the |

. As 1 Was saying, our foremothers swore an oath at Finger
Lakes that the Furies would guide Woman in this new
world, and that we would watch the hand of Man and take
an active role in his doings. When American' wornen,
dissatisfied with the old ways and old roles, came together
to demand their freedom by right and law, we advised them,
guarded them, and sometimes, in the night, avenged them.
Our sisters across the world followed our lead, and the lotr
of Woman. improved in the world, if only slightly.-:.

Che Modern Era
Fill us with the Light. «|
Give us the strength to understand,.
and the éyes to see. ~
Teach us to walk the soft Earth as relatives
to all that live. :
a Sioux Prayer
Fight, dammit, fight!
| Kill the damn bastards! :
— Shanna the She-Devil, Savage Tales
"Improved?!" The young Fury snorted, "Oh, bullshit!
Child abuse, wife beating, rape, harassment, this is im-
provement?" She snapped to her full height, scorn etched
across her face. "Elder or not, you're full of crap,.a toothless
old wolf gone soft!"

Chapter One Ig

L

q¢

j The elder scowled. "You're interrupting me."
\ "This is garbage," the pupil spat, "and you're no Black
Fury, just a babbling old fool!"

There were pasps and growls around the fire. Several
listeners edged into crouches. Rage coiled in the darkness,
but the young Fury stood firm, daring the others to strike at
her. Or to agree.

The elder only laughed, a bicter, barking cackle that
lashed across the clearing. In the shadows, another Fury
joined in, then another, and the youngster trembled, hu-
rniiliated, as her sisters mocked her. "Sister, sister," crooned
the elder, "You have much to learn... Haven't you listened
to anything Pve said? No one said that things were good or
tight..1 only said that they were bertrer!

"Our Rage is just, sister, itis just. But heed the lessons of
what we lost before. Rage unfocused is Rage lost. Now shut
up and let me finish..."

During World War Il, the Nazis overran our homeland:
Many Furies joined the Sisterhood in a covert war across
Europe. We Garou learned a. great deal about fighting
against modern weapons during the war, but the lessons
were expensive. The Get, the Fianna, the Silver Fangs, and
the Shadow Lords all took a beating in the war. While they
licked their wounds, we cemented long-standing treaties
with the Children of Gaia and Silent Striders to remake the
western world in a way more to our liking.

20 Black Furies

Some of our sisters would gut me for saying so; but 1 think
the tribe was enriched by its alliance with the Children of
Gaia. The Rage that has undone us at so many turns was
tempered by the Children, and through this we have
become more productive. With their help, we worked our
way into the legal and political workings of this country.
Soft words and favors when possible, claws in the night
when need be. Mariy of those secrets we taught for so long
are now common knowledge. Woman holds political and
social power for the fitst time in centuries, and our voice is
spreading world-wide. Simple Rage would never have ac-
complished this, sister. Patience has. its place, even for
werewolves.

ef «

yor

"Patience, my ass!
lieve I'm hearing this...

The elder leapt the fire in asudden blur; her teeth ripped
into the skin. of the young Fury's throat, drawing blood,
cutting off breath.

"Don't. Interrupt. Again!" the elder growled, her jaws
locked around the young Fury's ‘windpipe,. her shift to
Crinos too swift for the eye to follow.

After amoment, the youngster relented and the elder let
go: The two werewolves locked eyes. Another few mo-
ments passed, and the youngster turned away. The elder
returned to Homid form and lightly touched her pupil's
shoulder. "We are not enemies sister, remember that. As I
said, you are right to Rage... "

- - @

snarled the youngster. "I don't be-

"

No matter how high up a sheep climbs, it will nevér get beyond
the killing floor.

— Nancy A. Collins

We are not Man's equal, and never have we been Mari's
slave! We are the daughters of the Goddess, inheritors of
Her power, Her wisdom and Her wrath. We bleed the blood
of life. We are the carriers of destiny, the bark, the roots, the
very tree of life itself. It is sacrilege for Woman to bow to
Man, to unwillingly feel his hands on our legs, our breasts.
Better, by far, that wé should feel his Manhood quivering
between. our teeth!

Sad to say, our own sisters have sold us out —— humans,
and even Garou, who buy the lie of Man's superiority.
Greed, fear, and simple Stupidity carve out scars across the
Mother's face, and many women bear the blame. When we
battle our own sisters, in the streets and boardrooms or at
the barricades, Man grows stronger and the Wyrm laughs.

So few, it seems, can feel their birthright, feel the pull of
their own divinity. For every woman who joins us on the
picket lines or under the moon, a thousand sit on their asses
or cringe uncer some bastard's hand. Like sheep, they offer
their throats to the Patriarch and hand him a dull blade.

In the world's few Wyld places, we wage a desperate
battle for the sacred earth. Of all Garou, we Furies feel the
loss of the Mother's forests most bitterly. It was our charge,

WW

b


our'sacred purpése, to keep these places safe from thé hand
of Man, and we have failed.

Despite the blood of countless sisters, despite the pro-
tests, speeches, and outright battles in the street, the
cowardly Patriarch shields his groin and spits in the face of
Woman. Our blood spills out onto the bride-pyres in India,
onto battlegrounds of Bosnia, onto darkened streets the
world over. Man fears us, young Warrior, and in his fear he
lays waste to everything around him.

Man is a deadly fool and we must not repeat his mistake.
We must control our Rage, channel it, use it to slip free of
the Patriarch's chains. There have been too many chains in
place for too long to shatter them by Rage alone. With
patience, we have loosened them over time...

Goddess help Man when we get free...

21

WW

\ wie


i
|

Wisdorn is the supreme part of happiness, and reverence
towards the gods must be inviolate..Great words of prideful men
are ever punished with great blows, and, in old age; teach the

chastened to be wise.

=— Sophocles, Antigone

‘The eldér's eyes reflect hard-earned wisdom. "You need
to learn control, and respect as well," she says. "You are
right to Rage. You are wrong to interrupt!" >

The young Fury stood silent as the elder paused to drink
from a cup. Off to her sides, she watched the other Furies
who had gathered to listen, who had mocked her and
watched her defeat. As her wounded pride throbbed and
her throat stung, she ached to pay the old one back in kind.

The others, she knew, would take the elder's side in a
fight, and her new life would be over before it began. Some
other tactic, some more subtle confrontation, would have
to do.

"It is said," the young Fury said as the elder put aside her
cup, "by some young Garou, that the old ways and tradi-
tions are a waste of time, and that we'd all be better off ifwe
concentrated on the here-and-now than on a bunch of old
stories." A. low growl rurmbled off to her left, and the elder

Chapter Two

gazed at her dangerously. "So it is said by some," the young
Fury finished. :

"ould you agree?" The elder's tone was offhand, bur
the look in her eyes was menacing.

"Maybe," the younger replied, crossing her-arms and
meeting the elder's gaze.

"Warrior, warrior," the old one sighed, "your moon-sign
becomes you! Surrounded, outclassed, .cutmumbered, but
rade all the samme. You'll make.a fine warrior, sister, a great
warrior," her voice dropped suddenly, "as soon as you learn
to shut up and think!"

The others laughed again, and the youngster stood
confused, caught off-guard by the sudden praise and abrupt
rebuke. The elder took the opportunity to take another
drink, then continued.

se

23

L


I
i
i

Che Passing of
isOom

You see now the differénce between the old and the new
ways, and the schism that divides our tribe. Old baggage
like me, the crones of our people, hold on tovhistory after
our claws have dulled, while young —— pardon the expres-
sion —— maidens like yourself carve out new paths with the
same old questions. I was the same when I was younger, and
you'll have the same problem instructing some other young
hellion, assuming you live long enough.

History's important, child. From history comes culture,
and our culture is our strength. Without it,we would spin
im rudderless circles until the Wyrm dragged us screaming

off to hell.

Kuklos (Che Cirdes)

Man, corfronted by woman, does seem to feel, variously,
frightened, revolted, dominated, bewildered, andeven, attimes,
superfluous - ~

-—— Dr. Wolfgatig Lederer

Weare each Virgin huntress , ave areeach Great Mothers, we

are Death Dealers who hold out the promise of rebirth and

24 Black Furies

I ET ET BP OP Pe IAP CE LE,

régeneration. We are no longer afraid to seé ourselves as her
daughters, nor are we afraid to refuse to be victims of this subtle
Burning Time. -

— Morgan McFarland, from Drawing Down the
Moon

As you've said, there are thosé in our tribe who have lost
sight of the balance between young and old. The old-world
traditionalists cling to our rites like a lifeboat, while many
of our youngsters figure they have nothing to learn that
they can't teach themselves. Silly rifts over philosophy,
ritual, the roles of Man and the Goddess, have split our tribe
into kuklos, or circles. Most of these camps are friendly to
each other, but some are armed to the teeth against their
sisters except in the face of an outside foe. When our backs
are to the wall, we Furies will fight like a thousand Get for
our sisters, but put too many Furies in a room together and
sooner or later the door will come flying off, usually aimed
at some fool's head! .

The great American experiment caused more friction
between sisters than a thousand years of struggle against the
Patriarchy. American septs will cooperate with their Old
World sisters, and vice versa, but not without some name-
calling and such. I think some of the Old-World types are
jealous of us here, but then I'm prejudiced.

Many Furies will not even go to South America, Africa,
or Asia, so those lands are often left to the Freebooters, the
Amazons, and the Order of the Merciful Mother. I met a
Fury from the Congo once, but I have no idea what group,
if any, she belonged to.

lsee by the blank look on your face that you haven't
heard of any of these carnps, so I'll fill you in as best I can.
l would recommend you visit some of Our sisters in these
kuklos. They could tell you far more than I.

Che Amazons of (Diana

Every part of the earth is sacred to my péople. Every shining
pine needle, every sandy shore, every mist in the dark woods,
every clearing and hurnming insect is holy in the memory and
experience of my people.

—- Chief Seattle

The Amazons of Diana protect Woman and Wyld, and
frequently travel across the world to stamp Man's face into
the mud. Most come from America, where wormen are
raised to be more self-reliant and aggressive... Many are
active in American or Canadian politics, siding with-our
human sisters to lift the Patriarch's yoke by law or claw.
‘There are, however, groups of traveling avengers who seek
out pockets of the Wyrm or the Patriarch and fight them at
their own doorsteps.-Glory is the Amazon's province, and
her peril. lwas once a follower of Diana, and frankly, I was
fortunate to survive my travels. The life of an Amazon is
glorious indeed, but véry, very short. If this is the path you
choose, I wish you luck, strength, and courage.

TEN

WY

y


he Amazon Speaks

And you let him do this to you? You silly bitch! You disgust
me, the lot of you, coming in-with black eyes and broker arms,
erying on our shoulders and telling us how much he loves you!
Wake up, dammit!

Who are we, anyway? You wouldn't know, I guess. Call us
Amazons if you like, warriors and daughters, protectors in the
shadows. If stupid chicks like you would stand up for yourselves
more often, you wouldn't reed us to scrape you up off the floor.
Radical? Look in that mirror. Is there a better answer?

Hey, look, mm -sorry, I kriow it's been rough. Don't ory...
No, on second thought, go ahead... Hey, same friends of mine
are having a party tomorrow night: Yeah, kind of a full moon
party. ve got same crash space. Maybe we can go talk to them
tomorrow...

By the way, where did you savy he lived?

"he Freebooters

This house is full of my madness,

This house is full of my mistakes,

This house is full of madness,

This house is full of full of,

Full of fight!

— Kate Bush, "Get Out of my House"

The Freebooters span Gaia's Vale searching for artifacts
to steal and hide,.a long and honorable tradition -that
began, I have heard, with a group of Furies who stole the
treasures of a Greek vampire. More importantly, the Free-
booters secure the few remaining patches of Wyld until
caerns can be set up and septs established.

FPreebooters tend to be young, reckless, and full of fight.
More than any other kuklos, Freebooters tend to work
outside our tribe, mixing with Garou of all genders for a
common cause. Freebooters spit in the face of the Wyrm
and live to tell of it more often' than the Amazons, I'm
afraid, because Freebooters strike quickly and run. Stealth
and wit, not force, makes a Freebooter.

Despite the courage of the Freebooters, many Furies,
particularly Amazons and Bacchantes (You haven't heard
of them, either? Child, what did they teach you in school?),
regard them as cowards or fools for their fleet-footed antics.
I do not share this view, myself. The Freebooters' way has
done more damage to the Wyrm than a thousand pitched
battles, and serves the Veil better, as well.

Che Freebooter Speaks

No, you're not hallucinating. I wasn't here a rioment ago.
Heh heh heh...

Darkness is our friend, girl, and dor't you forget it. Screw
that damn-the-torpedoes crap. That'll get you killed, make no
mistake! Class, girl, class and style will get you da lot farther than
playing Indiana Jones. The jungle's full of killers, and the trick

Chapter Two

is to be one of them: A-good trap works better than a banzai
charge.

Shhh! Check out Elmer over there..Elmer as in Fudd; you
ever watch cartoons? Well, this ain't a cartoon, and when that
trick goes, Elmer there won't be just getting up and walking
away.

Nasty, huh? Now arern't you glad I was here? Could' ve been

C he Order of Our Merciful
WMother

It is forbidden to decry other sects..The true believer gives

honor to whatever in them is worthy of honor.
ww A decree of Asoka; Emperor of India

The Order of Our Merciful Mother is the group I spoke
of earlier, the sisters who turned the Patriarch's own words
against him by fighting faith with faith. They have taken
the best of the Patriarch's godspeak and put it to practice
helping those who suffer... While some Furies ‘regard the

Order as an affront to the Mother, I have seen the good they |

do. As I said before, we must nurture as well as avenge.

The sisters of the Order, many of them metis, set up
ministries in less developed countries or urban industrial
centers where humans raised in the Patriarch's faith must
still be taught the Morher's ways without outward sign of
conversion.

The Order has also used the power arid trappings of
Man's religion to secure caerns against industrial "develop-
ment." Without the Order ministering to the poor by day
and hunting our foes by night, the W/yrm would hold a
firmer grip than he already does. The numbers of the Order
are slight, but their faith is strong.

"he Sister Speaks

I see that you noticed my hands. No, 1 have becorne used to
three fingers, having had a lifetime to do so. You are kirid to be
concerned..So many of our blood are not.

We carry the Mother's word to those who would not other-
wise listen: Their senses have been sealed by the god of Man, and
they cannot appreciate the tang of sap on a clean breeze or the
ery of our animal kin in the Wyld. Their slavery has become a
darkness, a self-made darkness, and it is our task to lead them
from it.

No, I do not believe itis athankless task: The glimmer in the
eyes of a woman discovering the true secrets of the Goddess, the
truth behind the lies she has lived for so long, is worth the vows
and the sweat and the soul-ache I feel when we see our charges
die. So marry die out here. The land is harsh, and the people too
numerous to feed. A few less men-out here makes a great
difference...

There are other compensations for our work as well...

ANY

WY

Ly


he Sisterhood

lari a secret agent

Of the moon...

Celestial subversive

Con-spiritorial

Spirita Sancta

Holy

Holy

Holy

"And then some

And I have friends.

: i Barbara Starrett, from I.D.

I mentioned the Sisterhood earlier,.tche European net-
work of Garou and Kinfolk who safeguard many of the
caerns and cities of the Old World. They are more tolerant
of American Garou than most Old-World Furies,.and,
along with the Moon-Daughters, are among the most
tolerant in practice of all Black Fury. camps. Many male
Kinfolk hold high positions in the Sisterhood. The founders
recognized long ago that accomplishing goals such as secur-
ing property rights and negotiating with human institutions
would be difficult, if not impossible, in. Europe without
men. Claws in the darkness are not always the best solution
to a problem, though some Furies would disagree.

The Sisterhood dates back to the Burning Times, when
Furies fled the Patriarch's clutches and even the sternest
Garou pitied the human women caught in Man's hate. Like
the Underground Railroad during the American Slave Age
(which, it is said, we Furies helped to guide as well), the
Sisterhood smuggled Kinfolk, humans, and Garou away
from the Inquisitors and into safer lands, though few lands
could be called safe during that hideous time. The Sister-
hood bought or otherwise négotiated the purchase of many
sacred sites in Europe. More recently, the Sisterhood spread
to Africa and Asia.. There, wealthy groups or sisters buy
land to set up wildlife preserves, but this is a new thing, and
faces a hard road.

Kinfolk play an important role'in the Sisterhood, more
so, perhaps, than in any other kuklos.. The Sisterhood
fought as partisans during World War H, and have a warrior
tradition going all the way back to the Burning Times.
Sisterhood Kin are more skilled in combat than many
Garou. Most human Sisterhood Kinfolk practice minor
magics, and have a local reputation for sorcery. The locals
call them strega,. an ancient name for witches. Lupine
Kinfolk guard sisterhood outposts and caerns,. and travel
with the circle's charges. European vampires and rival
Garou know better than to trifle with the Sisterhood!

he Strega Speaks =

You do not speak the languagé of our homeland? Why is it that

you Americans limit yourselves so? I could speak three languages ©

by the time I was twelve.. Well, no matter. You have...

26 Black Furies

property... you wish to dispose of? Yes; 1 know where we may
take it.

No; I am not Garou; but any sister of the homeland knows
the value of our work here.. We deserve no less glory than you,
though the moon does not flow so deeply in our veins. We have
our magic dlso, and we battle the Kallikantzari —— the vampires.
1 killed my first when I was fifteen. Do not underestimate your
Kinfolk, sister.

Yes, itis a pretry trinket: You say itcame from the Tremere?
Good. Anything out of their hands is a blessing to Artemis.
Where will I take it? Sister, with all respect,-that is not your
concern. Trust that it will be safe.

The Cemple of Artemis

The mortal is mad who sacks cities and desolates temples and
tombs... his own doom is only delayed.

-— Euripides, The Trojan Women

The Temple of Artemis sits at the far end of tolerance.
‘Traditional to an extreme, the Temple reveres the old ways
to a degree that even I find hide-bound. Still, the Temple-
Keepers are the backbone of our tribe. They speak the old
truths and seek the Mother's wisdom. Despite their mystic
bent, the Temple-Keepers are fiercé warriors and keen
hunters, each one skilled with the sacred bow of Artemis:
Even the oldest (and the Temple-Keepers often live long
lives) can outshoot the best human archer or chase a deer
across miles of wilderness. Still, much of aTemple-Keeper's
time is spent in ritual, training, or meditation. If you find
me antiquated, you'll find the Temple hopelessly prehis-
toric!

For centuries, the Temple has set the policy, such as it is,
for our entire tribe. In the last century, the rising tide of
American informality and independence, coupled with the
physical and culrural distance between the continents, has
put the Temple on the defensive. In my view, the Temple
of Arternis could do with new blood and new ideas, but,
conversely, newer packs of Furies could learn much from
the Temple and its ways before dismissing it out of hand. It
is said that the Mother takes mortal shape among the
Temple-Keepers and advises them face-to-face... You may
make of that what you will, but I believe it.

The Priestess Speaks

Hold the arrow «Feel its weight, sense its purposé in the sharp
point and feathered quills. We are the arrows, warrior, bent and
fired by the will of Artemis.

She hunts on two feet, or four feet, or on wings, and her prey
never escapes. We Furies are only a pale shadow of the Goddess.
Think of yourself as her arrow...That should keep you from
thinking too highly of yourself. Like arrows,.we are tripartite.
Like the metal point, we are human. Like the fletch, we are
animal. Like the shaft; we are of raw nature, shaped by the
Goddess' hand.

Remember the arrow when you let fly your Rage. Aim true,
and do not falter.

a

Ww

b


"he WMtoon-CDaughters

Ll cormé to you with strangé fire; I make an offering of love.
The incense of my souil is burned by the fire in my blood.
—- Indigo Girls, "Strange Fire"

The Moon-Daughters are another mystical sect. Al
though they share .much with the' Temple, the
Moon-Daughters and the Tetnple often work at cross-
purposes. The Temple of Artemis is the keeper of the past;
the Moon-Daughters are the bearers of the future... Their
rituals are spontaneous, their traditions subject to constant
challenge and change. Moon-Daughters often guide hu-
man New Age and pagan groups and work closely with
political action and consciousness-raising groups, male and
female. Moon-Daughter Kinfolk often practice Woman's
magic and keep wolf Kin as companions.

The Daughters are the product of the American spirit,
more egalitarian and accepting than most Fury sects. Male
metis hold higher ranks among the Daughters rhan any-
where else in the tribe, and male Kinfolk stand near equal
with their sisters. The Daughters work closely with the
Children of Gaia, and seek more mystical, less combative
ways of solving problems. Still, as with any of our tribe, the
Rage of Gaia is the nectar of the Daughters.

Though not'as warlike as the Amazons or Bacchantes,
Moon-Daughters are as deadly in their wrath as any Furies.
It is said that some Moon-Daughters have lupine Kinfolk
who can breathe fire, or that they know arcane secrets of
spirit-lore even the Temple does not share: In any case, best
not to cross these so-called "crystal-gazers." Mother alone
knows what they may do...

Che Mystic Speaks

Reach deep inside yourself, past all that accumulated debris,
and draw a breath into your lungs. Feel it washing through you,
cleansing, expanding. Wrapitin your soul, pull that primal howl
from your gut. Open your throat and let thar how! loose!

Doesn't that feel better? We'll do it together. Our voices can
move mountains, our howls reach the moon. You don't have be
a wolf to feel the inner howl. The howl is W/oman's birthright.
We howl with agony and joy at the birth of our children, with
bitterness at our betrayal, with rage when we are slighted, and
with delight when we may finally be ourselves :.. :

Within this circle there are no secrets; we have no lies and we
neéed no masks. Within this circle, we are one,.and the Goddess
is with us.

Let us howl with her...

Che @Bacchantes

Possessed though I am, 1 shall for once emerge from my
frenzy.
— Euripides, The Trojan Women
Ah, yés, the Bacchantes. I had forgotten them, hadn't I?
Have you learned the tales of the Wild Women of Greece,

said by man to be the followers of a male god, Dionysus?
Wild dancers who frenzied under the moon and tore living
animals and people apart with their bare hands? No? Pity.

The tales are, of course, somewhat incorrect.. The Bac-
chantes exist, but male gods had nothing to do with their
activities. Not all are Garou, or even Kinfolk, but most are.
Bacchantes —- also called Maenads —~ are the Mother's
wrath personified; Woman tthe destroyer, Wornan the
primal killer. Kali, Lillith, Pele, Tiamat. Under any name,
the wrath of Woman cannot be denied for long.

The Goddess channels her Rage through the Bacchantes,
more so even than through most Furies, and they revel in
that Rage. Bacchantes gather in their moots to celebrate
Gaia's fury with strong drink, natural drugs, and ecstatic
dancing. Their wild rites leave even Red Talons dumping
their bowels in terror: The Termple of Artemis has had its
hands full over the centuries guiding the Wild Women, but
even the most conservative Temple-Keeper must secretly
admire the Bacchantes for the purity of their Rage and their
closeness to the primal pulse of Gaia.

Thave never knowna Bacchante ata time when the Rage
was not upornher, sol have no idea what they are like away
from their revels. Iris said that Bacchantes are not so much
an. organized camp as an elite fellowship chosen from the
ranks of Woman. Many Bacchantes doubtless belong to the
other Black Fury kuklos as well. Perhaps you yourself may
be chosen by Gaia to join this mysterious fellowship. You
certainly have the temperament.

Chapter Two 27


a

The Bacchante Speaks

That' s it, wet yourself, you shitty little wretch! How proud is
Your prick now, you raping bastard? Big, tough man like you!
Any last words? You're full of good words when you want them.
Where are they now?

Too many drinks? That's a great excise, a wonderful excuse!
I've had too many drinks myself, and I'm feeling a little crazy,
but it's crazy ina good way, and I think I'm gonna have me some
fun tonight! Come on, bud, let's party! You like to party, don't
you? Aw, look, I think he's gonna cry...

Shoe's on the éther foot now, isn't it, you foul little excuse for
a pathetic turd? Come on, big boy, let's see how tough you are...
Look at this, he is crying! Big boys don't cry, do they? Guess
you're not such a big boy after all...

Notall Black Furies belong to these kuklos: Many do not.
Just the same, knowing about these camps may serve you
well some day.

oe 8

Aspects of the Mother

The young Fury finally looked interested. The Rage in
het eves dimmed, and the elder was pleased to sée it. The old
one reached for the wine at her side and passed it to her
pupil, who took it with a grateful nod. The others around
the firé whispered to each other of their approval.

"T hate to ask a stupid question," said the youngster when
the ritual was finished, "but you mentioned Artemis, and
Luna, and a few other names as well. Isn't Gaia our God-
dess? Isn't Gaia the ‘Mother' you mentioned?" She tensed
her shoulders, expecting a sarcastic barrage from the crone,
but the old woman merely smiled.

"Let me tell you about the Goddess," she said...

en. &

O Earth-Mothér, Thou of uncounted names and faces, Thou
of the many-faceted Nature in and above All, Nature Incar-
nate, Love and Life fulfilled; look favorably upon this place,
grace us with Your Presence, inspire and infuse us with Your
‘powers; by all the names by which You have been known, O
Earth-Mother.

— Hasidic D
Chronicles

Gaia is our Goddess, the All-Mother of living things and
special patron of the Garou, but Gaia has many faces and
aspect. It is through Her sister, Luna, also called the Moon,
that we can better know Gaia. Luna sheds light upon the
mysteries of the mother as she does the cycles.of nature. She
reveals a three-fold incarnation of the Goddess. Each of the
three aspects summons forth a different aspect of the moon,
life-blood of Garou and the shaper of our destiny. >

Artemis is the hunter, the Virgin Goddess, while Selene
is the Mother, the fall moon pregnant with possibilities.
‘Hecate, the Crone, is the name given by some to the dark
avenger of the night. Humans called her che patron of
witches, and many modern Garou and Kinfolk, the Moon-

Druids of North America, The Druid

EF
if

\

Daughters in particular, feel drawn to this aspect of the All-
Mother.

Maiden, Mother and Crone are aspects of the Goddess
incarnate in W/oman, the shard of divinity that Man covets.
©urs are the keys of the cycle, birth, death, and rebirth. All
aspects of the cycle are present in the moon, in the Goddess,
in Woman. This is the first of the Mysteries that Artemis
taught our foremothers, and our foremothers taught human
women.

And what, you may ask, has this got to do with killing?
Death, too, is part of the cycle, and, to many, the Black
Furies are the agents of death. :

Children of the Furies

Your children are not your children:

They are the sons and daughters

of Life's longing for itself.

They come through you but not

from you,

"And though they are with you

yet they belong not to you.

~~ Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet

Killers, avengers, mothers, protectors. The Furies are all
these and more. Yes, of course we're mothers! Did you think
that we divided and spawned like cells? More than any

28 Black Furies

i


other tribe; I think; the Furies know thé value -of our
children. All Garou are precious, even males.

Once we slew our male children, whether out of hate or
ritual I do not know. This, I have heard, stopped during the
Burning Times, when each new Black Fury kept our tribe
from extinction. Since then, we have given male children
or metis pups to other tribes or Kinfolk packs to raise. Many
male Children of Gaia, Silent Striders, and Stargazers have
the blood of the Furies in their veins, and male Kinfolk,
both human and. wolf, make good studs for furure genera-
tions.

Motherhood is perhaps the greatest joy of Woman, and
our greatest burden. It's certainly the hardest to explain.
Hard as pregnancy may be for born warriors to-accept, the
quickening of new life inside you, the ecstatic agony and
joyful terror of giving birth to a new being, of carrying it
within and forcing it through. yourself to gasp its first
breath, all are sensations known to Woman, and Woman
only. Man's greatest envy is that he cannot bear life, only
end it. Some sisters forswear bearing children, and such is
their right, but as one who has brought three daughters into
the world, can say there is no greater rhing. oo

Because of our endless war, we rarely care for own
daughters, giving them to the care of Kinfolk or worthy
humans. You were one such, born to the descendants of a
Fury's male child some three generations_past. Yes, we've
been watching you! The trials our children face prepare
them for the hard life of Garou.

ar tribe is small. Warriors above all, we cannot simply
sit around and breed! So female Kinfolk are in many ways
the futures of our line. Before the Burnings, many Furies
insisted that only Garou Furies would make fit mothers. But
now our Kinfolk often mate with suitable Garou, and the
children they bear, if female, are raised as Furies.

And what is "suitable," you ask? We have a rite, which
you will learn in time, to determine which men aré most
likely to carry good seed. From this rite, we often determine
our mates, and the fathers of our children, for what that is
worth. No, I don't hate men, child, but I personally have
met few who were good for much more than breeding stock.

Che Breeds

The tribe to which this sisterhood belongs I have seen not, nor
know I what land.can aver that it rears such a race with
impunity, and has not afterward to repent of its pains.

—~ Aeschylus, The Eumenides

We are the best of all worlds, sister, wolf and Woman in
one. As a Homid, I know it will take you time to get used
to the idea that many of your sisters never saw a cradle or
watched cartoons. You know our breeds, do you not? I see
you do. Lest you become convinced that: our breed is
superior, let me tell you of the three breeds, three more faces
of the Goddess in our tribe.

Chapter Two

Lupus

The wolf is our sacred forbear-and our tie with the
divinity of our birthright. As we are guardians of the Wyld,
we are bound to hold the wolf in greater esteem than other
tribes do, especially the thrice-cursed Glass Walkers! Those
of the lupus breed are no less valued by Gaia than we born
of human VW/oman, and they perhaps; to Her, may be more
worthy of love. No wolf dumps toxic wastes in Her oceans,

eh? .
Homio

We homids bear the guilt of the stain we have created on
this world, but we have our advantages. Our culture and our
language serve us well, and our adaptable nature confounds
our enemy. The Wyrm. would have a much easier time of
things if we had no cars, computers, or guns! Besides, I for
one would become .bored by a lifetime without books,
paintings, or music!

Wetis

The spawn of mated Garou have a miserable lot. 1 pity
them, though many Furies do not..In our homeland, the
state of the spirit is said to be reflected in the state of the
body. Perhaps thé spread of these bastard outcasts reflects
the inner corruption of all Garou. How else could there be
so many of them in these final days?

WwW

Male metis are doubly condemned, being both male and
deformed and that much further from the Goddess. What-
ever you do, little sister, never inflict this kind of living
horror on your child!

oo @

Joy

"The old Fury paused, thought for a moment, and shook
her head. "It is so easy," she said, "t6 see all that is wrong,
to stare perpetually into darkness. Is this, you wonder, a
Fury's lot, to smolder forever at the pains of the world, one
step away from fiery Rage? Is this, you may wonder, all there
is to our lives?

"I wonder these things, little sister, even if you donot. I
wonder about them often."

She motioned to a lanky woman off t to her left, a Fury
with a wooden flute in her hands. The musician nodded and
began aslow, moody song, its cadence matching the leaping
of the flames.-A she-wolf.with.a white-streaked muzzle
began to croon softly as another woman began to slap a
slow-tempo rhythm on her bare legs. The pack joined in,
and the elder began to sing...

The young Fury set up a counter-rhythm, and the drum-
mer picked up her pace. The flute and voices quickly took
on a frenzied air, and power gathered in the leaping shad-
ows. The women began to clap, to smile, as the elder sang

30 Black Furies

A i

unknown words in a foreign tongue, motioning the others
to go faster. As she reached a crescendo, the elder let out a
wild yell, and her sisters yelled with her. As the sound died
away, the elder smiled. "There is more," she said, "so much
more,.if we choose to see it."

oe ee @&

If we weré to dwell in anger, as do the Get, our tribe
would boil over and explode with its own wrath. Of course
we have our celebrations, our games, our tribal recess. Life
would be intolerable otherwise!

What do the Furies enjoy? What brings a smile toa

. killer's jaws? Music, for one thing. Song is the Goddess' gift,

and one all Furies love. We have songs for everything, but
the best song, I've found, is the music that wells from the
soul when the heart is pained. It's no accident that some of
the most joyful music our world has seen flows from places
where sorrow hangs heavily on the Mother's children.

‘The bond of sisterhood, our eternal family, is a powerful
source of pleasure: Our children are a joy tous as well, a _
fleeting happiness made more precious by their brief time -
among us. Walking the Wyld, feeling the Goddess' touch
with every sense, brings an ecstasy mon-Garou can never
know. Carry the memory of this pleasure with you when you *
go into battle. Irs sweetness will remind you what it is you
fight for-


Ritual

Of all Garou; we Furies share perhaps the greatest love of
ritual. Qur ties to the Mother, closer than even most other
Garou, bind us to Her seasons, and we reflect this in our
rites. Joyful or somber, our rites are celebrations, thankful
tributes to the goddess.

Our rite is not the stuffy affair of Man's church; where
you were dragged when you were little to squirm on hard
wooden benches. Our rite is a spontaneous song, or the
passing of a cup, ora proud battle boast. Games, plays, tall-
tale tellings, anything that brings us together in the Mother's
bounty is a rite to the Garou.

Long ago, we taught human Woman our rites, and she
took her holidays home with her: Ancient cultures, more in
tune with nature's flow,-adopted our rites. Even the Patri-
arch had to acknowledge them, though he changed their
names and twisted their meanings. :

Even our most modern sisters have rites for everything,
though they tend to be more spontaneous than the rigid
ceremonies of the Ternple of Artemis. Generally, we gather
in circles around a bonfire and begin singing and howling,
adding drums and other human devices if anyone can play.
The rite leader, called a Mystae, (and yes, for our pack,
that's me) weaves the skeins of song together into a tapestry
of praise. Some more traditional septs divide into Serophe
and Antistrophe, two sections of singers, at the M-ystae's
command. This is a human embellishment, but an ancient
one. In more modern rites, three or more chorus may
counterpoint each other. All of this will come in time for

Choros ( Moots)

When the full Moon shines on all below

heed not wind nor weather ,

we'll dance the dance that the Men don't know,

Sisters dancing together.

~— Leslie Fish, "Sisters Dancing Together"

For centuries, we have invited human women to join is
under the moon, in informal moots we call kuklochoros, or
circle-dances. At these kuklochoros, we teach them the
secrets of the Goddess and help them find Her. within
themselves. When the Burning Times swept the land, these
dances were called witch's sabbats, and the women who
joined us were tortured horribly for consorting with "un-
holy beasts." Man, as usual, was jealous of what he could not
control. Today women joinus freely at these dances, at least
in America. Wornan still fares badly in other countries, and
does not share our freedom, such as it is.

Ulaka megaleis, or grand howls, are for Furies alone. The
grand howls are long, deeply ernotional events. For days we
build power through challenges, rites and debates. At the
peak of the ulaka megaleis, we burst into a wild revel to send

our power back into the night. Even a wolf my age may
dance like a pup when such power flows through her!
The hunt, the kuneigeseon, is:a tradition from ancient
times. It has, if anything, more validity today than it did in
days past. When we discover a man who has committed
some gross crime against Woman or the Mother, we seek
him out and take him with us: At the start of the kuneigeseon,
we set him free. Aftera revel, we hunt him down. His blood

feeds the Wyld, and his death feeds the cycle. Finding such.

men these days is easy, though abducting them without a
trace is not. Still, we remove dozens of blights from Gaia's
Male each year this way.

"ropos (Che Litany)

You know the Litany, do you not? I sée by your expres-
sion that you're unsure of it. No, child, I will nor attack you
again. We expect pups will take some time to absorb the
pack laws. In time, they will be instinctive. ;

"As you might expect, each tribe, each pack, follows the
Litany to their own taste. Each tribe considers some aspect
of the law more important than others. Age, for example,
is a curse to some Garou. To the Furies, age is power, rank,
a testament to the strength of the sister. In becoming one
with the Crone, a Fury completes the cycle of the Goddess,
the moon, .and life:.I see you smile! An-old wolf like me
would make such a claim! But as you travel among the
sisters, if you live so long, you will find this to be true.

Garou Shall Wot Mate with Garou

Many Furies break the first of the Laws, the prohibition
against sex with other Garou. Contrary to belief, we have
not all forsworn the company of Man. The drive of Woman
to Manis a natural thing, and not always a bad one. I would
advise, though, that you refrain from loving a male Garou.
Such unions bring nothing but shame and suffering.

Combat the Wyrm Wherever Jt
CDwells and Whenever Jt Breeds

Wre Furies stand in thé front line against the Wyrm: Any
Fury who cowers in His face should be gutted on-the spot!
Gaia's Vale and the Mother's children are our sacred
charges, and no Fury should ever forget this.. There are
many ways to battle the Wyrm, but any Black Fury who flees
the fight will fall beneath her sisters' claws before long.

Qespect the Cerritory of Another

As I told you earlier, many Old World Garou violated
the third Law, that of respect for ariother's territory, when
we intruded on the lands of the Wendigo. The Furies, at
least, admit our mistake and now pledge to honor another's
hunting ground, provided the other tends it properly.

Chapter Two 31

"Ay

\W\

Vs

Accept an Honorable Surrender

Black Furies always accept an honorable surrender, even
from a male. Beware, however, the treachery of other tribes,
particularly the rabid Get. They hold no honor, so expect
none from them.

Submission to Chose of Higher Station

Respect and hon6ér aré a Fury's lifeblood, and you'll do
well to remember this in furure. Rank is not so much a
matter of station as of plain manners. Constant interrup-
tions, my sister, may be fatal!

Che First Share of the Kill for the
Greatest in Station

Respect for T hose @eneath Ye — All
Are of Gaia

Elder or pup, Maiden, Mother, or Crone, all are equal
before the Mother. We are all sisters here. As I said, rank is
a matter of respect, not of station. We Furies ignore these
Laws. Other Garou do not. When in doubt, err on the side
of caution.

The Veil Shall Uot Be Lifted

Remember always the horrors-of the Burning Times.
Carry them with you. If Man were to Rage again, we would
be his first target.

Do Not Suffer Chy People to Tend
Thy Sickness

‘To attain great age isa Fury's greatest triumph. Crories
are the teachers and the passers of the ways ——~ much as ?ve
been teaching you tonight. In age, we become one with the
final stage, with death. Some day, though not any time
soon, | will carry myself away from here and rejoin the First
Daughters.-So it is with all our sisters.

We take care of our own as much as possible, but some
wounds may not heal. We put crippled sisters out of their
misery and mourn them later. We do this for Kinfolk and
human women as well, if their wounds are deadly or their
corruption too deep. Better our claws than the Wyrm's
poison or Man's hand!

Che Leader May Be Challenged At
Any Cime during Peace, Mever during

War

I cannot stress too heavily the importance of respéct
within our tribe. The leaders must listem to their packs, and
the packs must respect their leaders. Without this devotion
between. sisters, our tribe would have fallen long ago.

Challenges within'the tribe should be handled peace-
fully, though they often-are not. We should always avoid

32 Black Furies

shedding a sistér's blood. The blood of others, however, is
a different story.

Ye Sall Take No Action That Causes
a Caern to Be Violated

iff ever meta Black Fury who had defiled a caetn, I would
throat her slowly and bloodily. Any Fury worth the name
would do the same.

"Che Councils: Che
Outer and Jnner Calyx

The affairs of our tribe are overseen by two packs of
leaders, the Quter and Inner Calyx. A Calyx is an earthen-
ware vessel, a jug to put things in. The Goddess channels
Her will through the Calyx, and it imparts this will tous. So
it is said...

The leaders of the Outer Calyx are chosen much like
human Popes, supposedly by lot and merit, actually through
rank and influence. Politics and werewolves make for grim
whimsy, sister! This conclave sets tribal policy (or at least
tries to!), mediates disputes, and secures supplies and aid for
tribes in -meed. Leaders have their uses, I suppose, but.a
werewolf parliament has always struck me as just plain
foolishness!

[have no idea what the Inner Calyx does. Its motives and
purpose are secret, even to most elders. Artemis used to visit
it long ago, they say, and speak though the body of a living
oracle. If this has ever happened, it has not happened in
some time. Some Fury elders wonder why...

(he Sacred Creasures

Bring me my broadsword

and clear understanding,

bring me a cross of gold

asa talisman:

—— Jethro Tull, "Broadsword"

Someé say it has to do with the Sacred "Artifacts. You
remember the tale.of our foremothers? It is said thar
Actemis entrusted the First Daughters with five artifacts,
five objects that defined the Daughtrer's purpose and carried
great magical power. The Inner Calyx reputedly guards
these artifacts im our homeland, but these great fetishes
haven't been used in centuries. Some say the objects were
broken. Others, stoleri. In any case, the Inner Calyx has not
answered our questions.

"he Sacred Charge

Look out, look out apairi, cast your éyes in every direction lest
the matricide should have escaped us by stealthy flight and should
go unpunished...

— Aeschylus, The Eumenides

The young Fury sat quietly by the fire, her hostiliry
calmed. The elder watched her indulgently, an aged mother
reconciled with a prodigal. As the others watch, the two
share another drink. .As the bonfire crackled and sweet
wind stirred the trees, a red-haired beauty tilted back her
head and howled to the Mother Moon. A thin wolf,
crouched beside her, joined her, and the whole pack, homid
and lupus, began to sing the Song of Peace.

As the howl faded away, the elder continued...

oe 8

We bear the future in our bellies, in our hearts: Ours is
the cycle, ours is the blood, the bond, and the sacred charge.
We are the slayers of the cruel, the avengers of the weak,
and the protectors of the Wyld. Wolf and Woman, Maiden,
Mother, Crone. We are the Black Furies,-chosen of the
Goddess!

We are Vengeance! May the Wyrm tremble!

Artemis

Our thanks we give,

Moonshine Maiden:

Che Five Creasures of

© Huntress, Wyld Shade,

Given to us these tokens five,

seal of birthright, bond of pledge;
The Cloak, that Daughters may
confound the eye of Man;

The Salve, that Wise Ones might
anoint the wounds of sisters;

‘The Bridle, that Mothers may
réin in the Wyid in us;

The Loom, that Artisans may
weave tapestries of wisdoms;

The Bow, that Warriors might
strike down the foes of Nature.
Thanks be, Sacred Mother,
Blessed be, Sacred Friend.

Chapter Two 33


Oh, life is a glorious cycle af song,
a medley of externporanea;
and love is a thing that can never go wrong;
and I am Marie of Romenia!
— Dorothy Parker, Comment

"T don': immagine," said the elder to her pupil, "that you
know much of the Wyld, being city-born as you are."

"No," the young Fury admitted, "Outside of a few camp-
ing trips with my family, 've never really spent much time
in the woods." She glanced about. "It's...wild...-

The others laughed, but it was'a hearty laugh, not
mocking. The youngster laughed as well.:. ;

The old Fury slowly raised her arms, a sweeping gesture
that encompassed the night forest; ics branches rustling
softly,.its shadows flickering with half-hidden life. "The.
Wyld is more than Paradise tous," she said at last, "it is as
much a part of the Black Furies as the hearts beneath our
breasts..."

oF @&

Chapter Three

Che Wyle

You offered me an eagle's wirig

That to the sun I might soar and sing

And if I heard the owl's cry

Into the forest I would fly

And in its darkness find you by.

Loreena McKennit, "Samain Night"

The Wyld is beyond description; a torrent of sensation in
the heart of tranquillity. Once you have seen it, Man's cities
lose their luster. Gaia flowers in her fullest youth and
coldest splendor; life and death enmeshed in the eternal
cycle.

AWRY

WW

L

Thave walked the winding trails and felt dead brush and
living earth beneath my paws. Wyld is the hunger of a
newborn bird and the stink of arotting carcass, the brush of
leaves against your skin and the dew-jeweled spider's trap.
I have breathed the tang of green water and felt ticks in my
hair and fur. A hawk snatches its killin midair, while below
ants war over rotting flowers. Wyld is the chuckle of a
stream, the rustle of the wind, the fallen oak and the tender
sapling, the canyon's abyss and the desert silence. More
colors than the mind can name, more scents than the heart
can fathom. My ears, then,-are full of sound, and lam one
with the Mothers' hand.

Have you walked barefoot in the glens and felt the soft
kiss of dew-wet grass? Have you seen the dart of a fish
catching its morning meal inthe mirrored pond? Has your
soul capered at the sound of birdsong, or frozen at the cat-
fight scream? The whispers of the Wyld are all around us,
sister, but Man has walled them out, and all that's left is
plastic dust.

Wyld is Mother's: womb, Maiden's: playground, and
Crone's resting place, the ecstasy of life and the passion of
death. Feel them all in the bonfire's breath and the hum of
the mosquitoes. On Earth or in the spirit realm, Wyld is the
Goddess, and we, her handmaids. It is a great rhing to bea
Fury.

Life Out Of Balance

You can't just let nature run wild.
— Gov. Walter Hickel, Governor, Alaska

But as the Weaver goes mad, she spins the Wyld out of
being..-The Wyrm vomits his poisons upon Gaia. Man,
always out to prove his superiority, is all too eager to help.
You know the sharp tear of broken glass and the rusty slash
of rotting metal. Look around you; even far from the cities
the woods are littered with beer cans and shattered bottles.
Even here; we smell the sewer reek. This is not life and
death; this is sacrilege.

The Wyld is dying. Man is killing Her-

Wtan

Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow
and thy conceptiori; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children;
and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.

—- Genesis 3:16

"What about men?" Asked the young one. "I mean, [ve
met some real bastards, but I've known good ones; too. And
I'm not sure if... well, women have... never...

The red-haired Fury burst out laughing. "Goddess, girl,
we're not all dykes!"

The elder chuckled. "Despite popular misconception,
the Black Furies do not all forsake the company of Man. For
all his brutish, stupid, jealous ways, the bond between a
Woman and Man is as natural as that between ‘a she-wolf

36 Black Furies

LSoere,

and her mate. The male wolf simply knows his place bétter
than the human!" ;

The pack roared with laughter, then quieted as the elder
continued...

>.

We have every reason to hate Man. The catalogue of his
outrages against us would fill che Abyss. Across the worldin
recent years, Man's fear of our rising power has led us into
open war with him.

But even if Man were faithful to the Goddess,-he would
still have no place with us. Qur way is the way of Artemis,
the Virgin huntress, and her purity is our own. We shun
Man for his weakness, his place in Gaia's shadow, not for his
crimes. Naturally, we could all hardly remain virgins! Our
tribe would've died out long ago! For practical reasons, we
need Man, both wolf and human, to help carry on our line.

Wtale Companions

And I hatie loved you and hatéd you
all of mvy life
— Theories of the Old School, "For Giving"
While many of our tribe choose sisters for companions,
this is neither fair nor natural to all Furies. Though we are
forbidden to mate with male Garou, some Furies seek out
male companions outside the tribe. In times past, a sister

Re aa ——- vy


would be cast out for such an offense, but these are liberal
times, and more pragmatic. Our leaders still take a dim view
of such relationships, feeling (and rightly so!) that they risk
the safery of the pack. Bur many simply demand the sister
be discreet and careful in choosing a maté, never forgetting
that her duty lies outside the bedroom.

Man can be kind, gentle, respectful; and understanding.
Like a dog, he may be a faithful companion, but will bite,
and bite hard, if he feels himself wronged. Sadly, his
confidence is so fragile that any hint of his weakness is often
enough to bring him to homicidal rage. Man makes a:good
lap-dog, but far too often has rabies, and must be put down
for his own good.

In the end, the choice is yours..Man is not evil by nature.
The Wyrm, however, is only footsteps away from his heart.

"he Others

There are other haunters in this world, sister. You may
know their names, but I wager you haven't yet séen their
faces. If you survive the bitter years ahead, you ‘ll grow to
know therm all too well. Some we Furies count as alliés.
Others, we would sooner die than call friends.

Dampires

Vampires do exist; pawns of the Wyrm, many of them.
Any good Garou would throat therm on principle. But war
makes strange bedfellows, and 1 have known vampires I
would trust sooner than some Garou; certainly more than
a bloody Get!

Vampires have tribes, much as we do: From what I've
heard, they trace their lineage through the blood of their
sires. Though they are powerful, we can beat the young ones
in a fight. They're crafty, though, and live for centuries if
they're lucky. The old ones can bést the most powerful of
Garou, and you'd be lucky to die quickly if you met one! If
you meet a vampire, drop him hard and kill him fast!

Thave héard of one vampire tribe, called Gangrel, who
orice shared battlefields with our people centuries ago. In
the myths of the Norse, our Northern tribes called them-
selvés Valkyries. Some women among the Gangrel went by
the same name, and the two fought bitterly until they found
a common enemy in the Get of Fenris. I have heard some
Furies even call these Leeches "friend." More fools, they!

As I said, if you meét-a vampire, attack first and ask
questions later.

Wages

Our EKinfolk are nor the only ones to practice magic.
Though their numbers are small, true sorcerers exist. Be~
ware them, sister! A real mage's power is great. have heard
the strongest of them can bend reality at a touch. Fortu-
nately, they are rare.

Most wizards are cowardly, grasping creatures who raid
our sacred caerns for the foul Wyrm's magic. Only two
tribes (yes, they have tribes, too!) have the Furies' favor.
Those-W/ho-Walk-With-Dreams know the old ways, the
ways of Gaia; and the Mother has Gifted them with Her
magic. [have known shamans of this tribe, and I trust them.
"The second tribe call themselves Verbena, and we share a
common persecution.

During the Burning Times, our foremothers forged an
alliance with these Verbena for mutual protection. The
Patriarch's madness drove the Verbena underground, and
our tribes crossed paths in the cellars of the Sisterhood.
Since then, we have kept reasonably good relations with
this tribe. They know the power of Woman and follow the
paths of the Goddess.

There. is a third tribe I have encountered, a reeking
bunch of Wyrmspawn! They call thernselvwes Euthanatos,
and there is nothing good about them. Their name may be
Greek, but we have nothing in common with these mon-
sters! Kill them. if you meet them.

Wraiths

DPvealready told you about meeting the spirits of dead
women in Europe. I was not exaggerating; ghosts are real
and disturbing to encounter. The ones | have seen exude a
loneliness that makes the heart quiver. They did nothing to
harm me, and I don't know if they even could, but I pity the
soul ofanyone, Woman or Man, who achieved such a state.
Their lot must be miserable indeed.

You accused me earlier of being a toothless old wolf.
After my warnings here tonight, I'm sure your opinion
stands firm! But if I seem, perhaps, protective, it's only
because I have seen so many eager Warriors charge head-
long into needless death. We are few, my sister, my daughter,
and every one of us is a buffer between the Mother and the
Wyrm.

oe @

"he Worle of Wtan

As the moon reached the mid-point of her arc across the
night, the elder paused and glanced at two women beside
her. "Ie will be time, soon," she said. They nodded, stoad,
and walked into the darkness. "You'l understand in time,"
the elder explained as the youngster looked on in baffle-
ment; "A very short time."

Then she continue,.as if nothing had happened...

see @

Che Wyrm and the World

Wild spirit, which art moving everywhere;
Destroyer and preserver; hear, oh, hear!
~— Percy Bysshe Shelly, "Ode tothe West Wind"

Chapter Three 37

\\\

L


The Wyrm tightens his grip on the world even now. In
the Amazon, our sisters battle filthy hordes of Banespawn.
In-Central America and. the Middle East, Fury packs rise
against the Patriarch: In North America and Europe, we
struggle alongside women who see their hard-won rights
threatened by greedy politiciams and masses fearful of
change. In the East, in the Orient, something is rising that
withers the land and puzzles our allies. We're a-busy lot,
sister!

he Amazon

Have you heard of Péntex, the giant corporation that
embodies the worst in Man? Inthe Amazon jungles, Pentex
wages an all-out war on the Goddess, dumping toxic waste
and hewing the trees like weeds. Its Wyrmspawn allies carry
weapons of all kinds, mystic and material. Our sisters and
kin have joined the battle, but at great cost. You -will
doubtless be asked soon to lend your strength to the
Amazon war, but I caution you, daughter, take care. Too
many seasoned Garou have perished in the Amazon. I
advise you to wait until you have more combat experience,
if you join the fray at all. A young sister like yourself could
win great glory, but would more.likely win a painful death.

Che Chird World

In other parts of South América and in the Middle East,
the Patriarch stands strong against Woman. In those lands,
a woman who stands up for her rights may be beaten or
killed, while society and the courts wink in acceptance.
There, Woman imprisoned is W/oman violated, and Woman
wed is Woman sold. In India, a sister may be burned ta
death sirmply because her father is too poor to provide a
wedding price. This madness will not continue!

All over the world, Woman, human. Woman,. has
mounted the barricades to protest the tyranny of Patriar-
chy, the "divine right of Man." In daylight, we support their
efforts whenever possible. At night, packs of Amazons and
Merciful Mothers prowl those lands, instructing Woman
and... chastising Man. Fear may teach Man what reason
cannot.

In Aftica; the Order maintains missions to the starving,
and raises caerns to cleanse these miserable lands. Some
packs, I have heard, enforce a small Impergium there,
though they do it without tribal consent. The Freebootrers
and Amazons carve out Wyld places from the jungles and
mountains. It is said we have sisters in the Congo whose
caerns date back for centuries. I have also heard we keep
protectorates where animals thought to be extinct still
roam. Anything is possible.

Yorth America -

Not to be séxist or anything; butit's amazing how much abuse
a woman will take.
— "Slash"

38 Black Furies

gg AEP I PE TE, OPO ITE

It's about time that women learned that they aré predators,
yiot prey.

i _Diamonda Galas

I believe the term is "feminazi," a popular media térm
used to describe Woman when she dares to stride from the
kitchen and demand her due. Such an amusing phrase. The
man who coined it should avoid the Wyld, I think...

This is the problem in North .America: Although
Woman's lot is better here than in many other nations,
Man wages a shadow war in which rape, abuse, arid insult
are substitutes for outright oppression. We have tried to
bring human sociéty into line, but our limited success
breeds the resentment that Helena, Wise One of the First
Daughters, foresaw millennia ago. If there is hope for
humanity, sister, if che future begins anywhere, it is here.
But the fight is long, and difficult. So difficult...

In Alaska, a greedy government threatens our wolf-
cousins with extinction. Any man with money may prove
his manhood at the expense of our lupine kin. The Furies,
and indeed all Garou, have vowed to prepare a memorable
reception for any wolf hunters we may find...:

€urope and Asia

In our homeland things are quiet, but to the North, in
the Balkans, the earth~screams. The Patriarch rubs his
bloody hands as Man's folly fills the streets and hills with
the blood of innocents. Most detestable, most despicable of
all are the organized campaigns of rape inflicted in the
name of "ethnic cleansing." It is said there is even a black
market in videotapes of rape and torture. If this is true, Man
is utterly beyond redemption!

The Outer Calyx disparches packs to-deal with this
newest outrage even now, but there are so many evils, so
many atrocities, and we are so few...

In Russia, something brews. No one I have spoken ‘to
knows what, but some evil, sorme spawn of the Wyrm, is
loose in the land. Perhaps the Apocalypse is dawning even
now. Who knows for certain?

** @

Kuneigeseon

But we who feel the weight of the wheel
when winter falls.over our world

can hope for tomorrow and

raise our eyes to :

>

a silver moon inthe operi skies
— Leslie Fish, Hope Evyrie

Despair, palpable despair, rose ‘around ‘the fire. The
elder's voice was hoarse and weary. Hackles rose on the
young Fury's neck as the red-haired Fury and her lupine
companion began to howl softly, mournfully. "The elder
stood, her eyes glowing warmer than the firelighr. Her
voice grew strong once again, filling the clearing.

\\

b

"The Wyrm breathes down our necks as we speak! But if
the Apocalypse is here, if the final Days are upon us, ‘we are
not afraid! We are the Black Furies! The Daughters of Gaia,
Children of Artemis, Warriors, teachers, mothers, crones!
We stand defiant in the face of Man, the Patriarch, our
brothers, and the Wyrm! We are the Mother's Rage, and we
are not afraid!"

She turned to the young woman, and took her hand.
"You are one with us, sister. Welcome to the pack."

As the fire burned low and the wind stirred the forest, the
chorus joined. Each one, youngster and elder, lupine and
homid, began to howl a song to silence the wind.

The pack sang the song of Change, and women became
wolves. They sang the song of sorrow, and the spirits
mourned. They sang the song of Rage, and ‘the forest
trembled.

They sang the song of Vengeance, and the two absent
Furies released the night's prey. The hunt began.

oe @

Someone slipped the hood from his head; night -air
bathed his face, and he struggled anew. Strong, slender
hands yanked at his gag and blindfold and cut them away.
Jesus, it was good to breathe again! John Campbell sucked
in fresh air as they cut his bonds, swearing beneath his
breath. When he got back into town, he'd go straight to
Charlie's place, and rhere would some really sorry bitches
come daylight. He turned to curse them out, but they were
gone. =.

In the distance he heard a chilling wail,.a baying like a
thousand wolves. His heart burned with primal tetror.

Two nearby howls joined the cry. John's eyes widened,
and he ran.

The forest was an alien thing, battering, slashing. John
cursed, stumbling as he ran. From behind, he heard the
crash of huge bodies, hurtling through the woods... He
screamed, but nobody heard. He wept, but nobody cared.

Eyes glimmered in the moonlight, and two shapes burst
from the darkness. Black shapes, dark as sin. Huge wolves
with fiery eyes. John stumbled to a halt as the first one,
young and sleek, cut in front of him. The second, a gaunt
and limping gray-flecked beast, arced off to his left.

Heartbeats hammered in his ears. His body spasmed. His
mind went wild.

The gaunt beast glanced at the sleek monster. John
swore the young wolf nodded in return. He shrieked as two
sets of jaws snapped shut on his arms, one wolf on each
side... :

On cue, they yanked him between them like a wishbone.

Far the Arigel of Death spread his wings on the blast,

And breathed in the face of the foe as he passed;

And the eyes of the sleepers waxed deadly and chill,

And their hearts but once heaved, and for ever grew still!
— Lord Byron, The Destruction of Sennacherib

39

NAY

WW

L

len"
"ayy?

san,
ML \


Uew Black Fury Gifts

Owl Speech (Level One) —~- Black Furies may invoke
the kinship between their tribe and the owls of Athena.
This Gift combines the effects of the Galliard Beast Speech
Gift and the Philodox King of the Beasts Gift, though it
only works on owls. This Gift is common among the
Temple-Keepers of Artemis and the Sisterhood. Many of.
their Kinfolk share this Gift, and new sisters often receive
it as an initiation Gift. :

Touch of the Muse (Level Two) — With this Gift, the
Fury invokes the spirits of art and artifice, allowing her to
lower the difficulty of any Social Attribute rolls for the
duration of the scene. A Gnosis roll (difficulty 8) reduces
the difficulty of Social rolls by one per success. The roll
itself depends on what the character attempts. A poetry
reading, for example, would require Manipulation + Ex-
pression, whereas a seduction would involve Appearance +~
Subterfuge.

Flames of Hestia (Level Three) —- By spending one
Gnosis point and making a Gnosis roll against difficulty

eight, the Fury produces white flames around her hands.
These flames purify whatever they touch; cleansing tainted
food or water. They will also reduce damage inflicted by
radiation, poison, or disease by one level per success. The
flames do one level per success in aggravated damage to
Banes and fomori if the Fury scores a successful hit while

- invoking the Gift during hand-to-hand combat.

Freebooters Gift

Messenger's Fortitude (Level Three) — As the Silent

Strider Gift.

Order of the Merciful Mother Gift

Mother's Touch (Level One) —- As the Theurge Gift.

Woon-CDaughters' Gift

Moonshadow (Level One) —- With this Gift, a Daugh-
ter of the Moon may step sideways using a patch of moonlight.
In addition, the difficulty is lowered by one.

Appendix One 41

Ww

L


Uew Cites

Soothe the Scars

Level Two -

Although. the Furies pride themselves on their resil-
ience, some cruelties, such as rape or familial abuse, leave
deep spiritual wounds. This rite helps survivors heal these
wounds. With it, the Furies break down the mental blocks
that inhibit healing and channel their own strength into
the survivor's own will. The process is painful for both
healers and healed. The rite :cannot erase the memories of
the abuse, but it allows the recipient to heal her own scars
completely. Scenes involving this rite should be played for
maximum dramatic effect.

Rite of Teaching

Level Two .

This unusual tite is conducted only while in Homid
form, in the company of human women. During kuklochoros,
the Mistress of the Rite passes ancient secrets of woman-
hood to her human guests. These secrets include aspects of
sexuality, childbirth, and contraception, the primal con-
nection of Woman to the land, herb lore, and physical and
emotional healing.

Lupus Qite —
Rite of Pure Breeding

Level Two

‘This rite allows the Garou to observe a woélf or human of
the opposite sex; and determine if he or she will provide
certain desirable breeding traits: The Furies use this rite to
find likely mates for female Garou.

By spending one Gnosis point and making a roll. of
Intelligence + Primal-Urge, the Garou may determine if
mating with the wolf will produce a particular characteris-
tic. Such characteristics can-include a large litter, rhe
prevalent sex within the litter or a higher chance of Garou
heritage being passed down. The difficulty is usually seven,
but nine for determining if Garou heritage may be passed
on. If a wolf does not have the capability to breed for a
particular capacity, it mever will. However, it may be
checked for other desirable traits.

Note that the higher chance does not mean automatic.
The Storyteller should decide what the actual chance is of
a particular trait being bred, and modify it if thisrite is used
successfully.

42 Black Furies

‘Cemple of Arternis and WMoon-
(Daughters' Rite:

Rite of the Oracle

Level Two

The group pérforming this rite chooses one among them.
to be the sibyl. As the others gather in a circle around her,
the sibyl inhales the smoke of burning herbs and enters into
a trance, during which she-may gain insights from the
Goddess. The Mistress of the Rite asks a question, and the
sibyl replies enigmatically, but with truth. The Storyteller
is encouraged to make the sibyl's answers as cryptic as
possible, and players should be left to puzzle out their
import alone.

"Cotems

Though most Garou associate the Furies with Pegasus,
other Incarna favor the tribe as well. The torems below
often ally with packs of Black Furies; the Medusae and
Themis are exclusive toterns, and will refuse any other
tribe.

Totems of Respect
Che Wluses

Background Cost: 5

Some few Fury packs follow thé path of the Art Spirits,
who grant their chosen gifts of insight and grace: The Muses
usually choose a pack collectively, passing their individual
blessings (poetry, music, history,-erc.) to the most worthy
Furies. Muse pack members each gain one permanent point
to the Social Attribute of their choice, the Gift Touch of
the Muse, and one point in either Performance, Expression,
or Enigmas.

The Muses are not to be confused with Awen, the sacred
creative impulse. The Muses teach the craft amd form of
their arts, bur chey cannot engender the creative impulse.

Ban: Muse packs must devote their lives to art and
learning. They also work to defend free speech and freedom
of expression.

"otems of War
Che Weousae

Background Cost: 7
The angry spirits of the slain Firse Daughters still guide
the Bacchanmtes and many Amazons. Their Children are

\

BAI

L


terrible in their wrath, gaining Intimidation 4, 1 Glory,
the True Fear Gift, and an additional 2 points of Rage.
Medusae followers will not Fox Frenzy, only Berserk. Chil-
dren of the Medusae hate Man with unsurpassed ferocity.
Although relatively few, their extremity colors the reputa-
tion of the Furies as a whole.

Ban: Followers of the Medusae will not tolerate any
abuse from a male of any species. Insults are repaid in blood.

Panther

Background Cost: 5

Though an unusual totem for Garou, the spirit of Pan-
ther guides many packs of Freebooters, Bacchantes, and
Amazons. Panther, in her aspects of Great Cat and Black
Cat, shares an everlasting bond with Woman: graceful,
thoughtful, quick to strike, and deadly in anger. Panther
Gifts her children with Eyes of the Cat, and reduces by two
the difficulty of all rolls involving stealth, grace, or balance.
Most Red Talons and Get of Fenris despise followers of
Panther. The Bastet consider Panther packs kindred spirits
and may aid their sisters in times of need.

Ban: Panther packs must aid felines in distress. Panther
also asks her children to gather good gossip for her.

Cotems of Wisdom
Chemis, the (Drearn-Weaver

Background Cost: 6

The ancient Greeks regarded Themis as a patron of
balance and justice, of air and earth. As the balance of the
‘Triat shifted, the Dream-Weaver slipped into the gray area
between Wyld and Weaver. Her present Realm is a dream
sphere in this middle ground; aid and advice from Themis
come only through dreams.

Followers of Themis gain i Wisdom each, and one
additional point in Enigmas and Gnosis. Galliards of Themis
gain the Dreamspeak Gift and may also receive prophetic
visions (Storyteller's option), although the meaning of the
visions will be obscure. Players should interpret the dreams
themselves, rather than making an Enigmas roll.

Packs serving Themis must spend much time in the deep
wilderness, observing and meditating on the balance of the
Tellurian. They oppose injustice whenever they can. Themis
is an old spirit; Priestesses of Artemis and more traditional
Amazons often follow her.

Ban: Glass Walkers will never be chosen by Themis.
Too much of the Weaver exists in them.

Owl

Many Freebooters and members of the Sisterhood find a
friend in Owl. Many human witches consider Owl a sacred
spirit; the name "stirge" or "strega" roughly means "owl
woman", and several Gifts are said to come from Owl's
friendship with the Furies.

Appendix One 43

Unicorn

Unicorn packs tend to associate closely with the Chil-
dren of Gaia. Many of the Order of the Merciful Mother
follow Unicorn.

Fetishes

Amazon's Labrys

Level 3, Gnosis 6

In addition to doing Strength +4 in aggravated damage,
this double-headed axe can invoke the Ahroun Gift Spirit
of the Fray when used by a Black Fury, regardless of her
Auspice. The wielder must spend the normal cost to use this
Gift: one or more Gnosis point(s) per turn. This axe howls
like a banshee when used in combat against male foes.

Lash of the Furies

Level 4, Gnosis 8

These ancient whips, barbed cats o' nine tails, are reputedly
made from the guts of the Nemedian lion. Only five whips are
known to exist, and they are typically used for punishment
rather than combat. A hit from a Lash does Strength + 3 in
aggravated damage, with a difficulty of nine to soak. Wounds
from the Lash leave permanent scars. Spirits inside the Lash
ferret out the target's guilty secrets on a successful hit, and relay
this information to the Fury using the whip.


Pandora's Cox

Level 3, Gnosis 6

Sarcastically named for the Gréek scapegoat, these Boxes
trap hostile spirits. The Fury using a Box rolls the fetish's
Gnosis verses the spirit's Rage. Three or more successes will
trap the spirit in the box. A Box may contain up to ten

meme, arene

spirits. Spirits trapped in this manner tend to be ‘rather
angry, and will attack anything within range when they are
freed. Whenever the box is opened, the spirit which has
been trapped the longest will be freed.

WMerits and Flaws

Psychological
Inner Strength: (2 pt Merit)

You have the grit of a true survivor. In acrisis; your deep
reserve of determination gets you through. Reduce the
difficulty of Willpower rolls by two if struggling against
impossible odds.

Awareness
Insight: (2 pt Merit)

You recognize the inner qualities of anyone around you,

good or bad, and are not often fooled. Those using Subter- ©

fuge or similar deceits against you raise the difficulty by two,
and you reduce your own difficulties by two when trying to
figure someone out.

Other common Merits and Flaws for Black Furies in-
clude:

Berserker, Nightmares (of past abuse), Vengeance, Calm
Heart, Untamable, Animal Magnetism, Daredevil, Cursed,
Moon-Bound, True Love, and Media, Political, or Under-
world Ties.

Intolerance (of meri) cannot be taken by a Black Fury
character; it is a common tribal trait.

44 Black Furies

ANY

WwW

\ as

Black Furies pride themselves on their role as defenders play character templates for Black Fury characters. Feel free
of Woman and the Wyld. However, it takes all kinds to... to personalize them.a little, as long as. the Storyteller
protect the sacred from assault: street punks, wise old approves and beginning character creation rules are fol-

women, violent avengers, etc. Given here are five ready-to- lowed.


Street Cat Roleplaying Hints: "Attitude, attitude, attitude. Every-

an one hhas a knife behind their back, so watch your own:
Religion is your particular sore spot. Hey, life's rough, ain't
it? At the surface, you're a stone bitch, but underneath,
you're terrified of being alone. Stick close to those you trust
and save your worst pranks for those you'll never see again.
: Equipment: Switchblade, motor-
cycle jacket, 9mm automatic pistol,
flash powder, piano wire; and as-

sorted tricks.

‘and I don't give a darnn ‘bout my bad reputation!
— Joan Jett, "Bad Reputation"

Quote: I didn't like his attitude, so I spray-painted his face
to match his uniform.

Prelude: Life's a bitch for a hunchback in an orphanage.
The teasing and the nuns were bad enough, but when you
found out Father McMurry had a thing for little girls, you
were outta there.

You ran away when you were maybe twelve. You may
have been a shrimp, but you had enough attitude for
six. Running with a gang taught you street survival,
but when the guys tried to get too friendly, you were .F
gone. Survivor? Damn straight!

Playing wild child, you raked in with'a
bunch of headbangers into the~black
metal scene. Trashing churches was fun,
but deep inside you knew those crazy
bastards were onito something a lot
worse than cheap thrills. You hadn't
heard of the Wyrm then, but could
still smell it.

Your First Change scared you so
bad you huddled in an alley for a
week. You probably would've
ended up with the Bone Gnaw-
ers, but a. Moon-Daughter |
recognized you and tracked
you down.-She ‘chilled you
out and gave you'a job anda
place to crash. You've still
got an attitude, bur now
you've got a purpose.

You're not real lik-
able, and you really
don't care. Your Kin-
folk are wolf-blood
buddies | from. .the
street, and your
mentor is a long-
suffering . Fury
fated to house-
break you (or
die trying... ).

»

46


Name:
a Player:

Breed: Homia
auspice: Ragabash

eR Faqes

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:

Chronicle: Concept: Street Rat
os Physical Social ‘Mental
Pont Srrength. @e@000 Charisma @ee00 Perception, @2ee00
oa Dexterity. eeee0 Manipulation, @ooo0o0 Intelligence @@000
va Stamina @e000 Ap ay a Fee @0000 Wits, Paranoia esceoee
Talents ath Knowledge
Alertness, @e000 Animal Ken, oOo0000 Computer. o0000
Athletics. 90000 Drive. e0000 Enigmas. @e000
ft Brawl. eee00 Eriquette. oOoo0o00 | Investigation, 20000
: Dodge, S8000 Firearms. Py yerere! Law. @o000
ae : Empathy. o0000 Melee_ Knife @ee00 Linguistics Q0000
: Expression, 00000 Leadership. oO0000 Medicine 20000
Intimidation. eee00 Performance o0000 Occult @e000
os Primal-Urge 00000 Repair. E0000 Politics C0000
5 Streetwise________..6#§=§=>seeees Stealth. @e000 Rituals, e0000
: Subterfuge OOOO Survival OOOO Science 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
4 Meritor @0000 Smell of Man
a Allies e@e000 Open Seal
: : oO0000 Heightened Senses
o0000
00000
S DOOOOoOoooOg OoOoOoOoOooOooOo Fart eae
oror y ~
0o0 00 FH ooo0o0 fo ALG Gnosis sooner veeneetoaimant Wounded 2 1
OOOOOOOOoOO ew#e#o0nd0000 0 Maule 2 =
1 Wisdom tippled 5
| . COO ODS 606 NOOOOOoOOooOoo Incapacitated _
"y MOOMMMOOOO Willpower —Sa— ~Weakness ——<a—
. ny Rake em eeeee0000d0 DE ERENZY
a OOMOOOOOoO

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and rribe; Bach

a TT,

AGAINST MEN

bie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


Dagabonod

i take rny shoes off and throw them in the lake,

And [ll be 2 steps on the water.

— Kate Bush, Hounds of Love

Quote: You should not have come here.

Prelade: From childhood you were an outsider, driven
by some wild passion no one could explain. You ran away
at fifteen, and scrabbled for survival in the woods. Only
fortune, will, and an uncanny animal sense allowed you to
survive. °

You awoke one night surrounded by wolves, but the
wolves did not attack. When the alpha rolled on his back
at your feet, you knew that somehow your true family had
found you.

Your Kinfolk sent for a gigantic black wolf to meet
you... The wolf became a woman, and the woman. be-
came your teacher. With her help, you underwent First
Change and learned about your kind.

You declined to join the tribe, choosing to run with
the Kinfolk pack who found you. The forest is your
mW province and your protectorate. Any trespassers learn to
respect nature in a hurry!

Concept: A true lone wolf. Spirits speak to you, but you
don't understand them yet. Your First Change came late;
you''re a little unstable and your social skills are nil. Your
powers of concentration could use a little work, too.
You are, however, a consurnmate scout, pretty good
\ ina scrap, and your years in the Wyld have given
you insight into Gaia's mysteries.

Roleplaying Hints: Though human-borri,
you are more wolf than. most wolves. You
prefer to be left alone if at all possible. You
accept your duty to -your Mother, and might

join a pack for a while to serve some greater

good. Still, even under the best of circum-
R stances, you remain in the background in
* social situations and leave the talking to
others.

Equipment: Survival Knife and the
clothes on your back.

AS

. Black Furies

a cagA AIT A Ts A EE OL AF A

"SY

a!

\ ws

=) eee Oe

Name:
Player:

Chronicle: Camp:

Physical Social
Strength. @@600 Charisma, @0000
Dexterity. eee00 Manipulation, @eo00o0
Stamina__Tough eceeee Appearance___Wild @eeee0

Talents
Alermiess, See00
Athletics. @eee00
Brawl. oo0000
Dodge. eEe0000
Empathy. @eo00o0
Expression, feletelere

Intimidation,

ooooo
Primal-OUrge. @e800
Streetwise O0000
Subterfuge. Oooo0o
Backgrounds
Kinfolk ee@00
Ooo0ooo
goooo
eoooo
ooaoo0o
Glry
oo OO CO Co ao oO eo 8
OOOO
Honor
00 00000000
OOOO oooOooo
Utstomn
0 00 00 0.00 0-0
OOOO oOOoo

|

Attrit 5 Abilid

LACK } UAUQGIES

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge

Skills
Animal Ken, @e000
Drive. LeleleceZe)
Etiquette. 00000
Firearms, e0000
Mel @0000
Leadership. oO0000
Performance feferetete!
Repair. 20000
Srealrh__ Weediands 2eee0
Survival Ne Gear eeee0

Gifts

Fersuasion

a

Pack Name:

Pack Totem:

Concept: Vagabond -
eoemcemmt

Mental

Perception, Feral S800
Intelligence. @0000
Wits ©0000
Knowledge
Computer. o0000
Enigmas. 0000
Investigation, oOooos
Law. 00000
Linguistics. oO0000
Medicine. @0000
Occult, BO000
Politics, CO000
Rituals. 20000
Science 20000

Gifts

Sense Wyrm

Heightened Senses

@@eeoo09090 0
OOOnoOOOooo
error smn COSTS —annietieonss
@ea@oooo0o°00 0 0
OOOMOOOoooo

Willpower ——enme
eee co0000 00
OOOO OCOOOCD

seen SO cape A cP Hi OA

Bruised oO
Hurt 1°
Injured 41 o
Wounded ~ 2
Mauled 2 0
Crippled 5
Incapacitated Cl
Weakness ——haane
-~1-TO FRENZY
DIFFICULTIES

AGAINST MEN

2 13/9/5 Gifes: 1 Level One from breed, auspice arid tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

Ly


Wissionary

Every finger in the room is pointing at me

IT wanna smash their faces then I get afraid

of what that could bring

—~ Tori Amos, "Crucify"

Quote: The Mother has many faces. Why can you accept
only one?

Prelude: You knew you had a vocation the day the
visions began, visitations from the Mother that only you
could see. From the pack that raised you, you learned what
itis to be an outcast. In the words of asympathetic preacher,
you learned forgiveness. From your visions of the Goddess,
you learned that even metis have a purpose.

The cries of yourhuman sisters brought you overseas,
to witness the crawling misery of starvation,
filth, and disease. Your hybrid faith — part , —
Christianity, part Goddess-worship —— sus- ‘=
tained you in the face of despair. For you, t\
the sacred Mother tempered the iron —
hand of the Father, granting forgive- j
ness through the Son. Shrugging aside
the jeers of packmates was nothing
new, and the Order offered you a
whole new pack, true sisters who
shared your dissident views.

The Holy Mother showed you
the human face behind the mass
suffering, the greed behind the
misery. You know now that
even divine forgiveness has
its limits. There are many
ways to do the Mother's
work...

Concept: You revere
the Goddess in much the
same way that medieval
Catholics honored the Vir-
gin Mary. Your faith is
genuine, and you really get
offended if other Garou
mock your religion. To
you, Christianity offers a
peace the traditional Fury
pack denies.

The Mother's spirit
follows and aids you. Your
allies are human friends
grateful for your efforts.
Great strength makes
up for your brittle
claws, but your dip-
lomatic skills often @
make fighting un-
necessary. Working

"ff

sa

ng AIT ET I PE ee ee

as a missionary has taught you a variety of useful skills, but
your wrestling prowess make even other Garou leery of
pushing you too far...
Roleplaying Hints: Practice what
you preach; stay honest, pious,
and forgiving, as forgiving asa
werewolf can be. You have ex-
cellent self-control, but the
Rage beneath your surface is
terrible to behold. Try to
maintain a balance in all
things, but when your pa-
tience is exhausted, let fly.
Disfigurement: Fragile
claws.
Equipment: Jeep,
medical supplies, flak
jacket
Csize
XML!)

A
|
|
|


Ee Fuaes

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:
Concept: Missionary

Name: Breed: Métis
Player: Avuspice: Philodox
Chronicle: Ae:
Physical Social
Strength eeeee Charisma, @eee0o0
Dexterity. @eee@00 Manipulation, @e@000
Stamina @e@e00 sa Abilities @0000
Talents kills
Alermess @e000 Animal Ken? o0000
Athletics o0000 Drive @eee00
Brawl__Wreetling eeee0 Etiquette. O0000
Dodge. o0000 Firearms. @e000
Empathy. @e@000 Melee o0000
Expression, o0000 Leadership. @ee00
Intimidation, o0000 Performance. COO000
Primal-Urge. @e000 Repair. @0000
Streetwise 20000 Stealth, Be000
Subcerfuge. o0000 Survival @e@000

"br ean ees
Backgrounds
Familiar Spirit ry y Yere)
fetelelete)
eoooo
oe0000
oooo0o

Arezil 7513 At

Create Element

Mental
Perception, @@e00
Intelligence, S8e00
Wits. @@ooo
Knowledge
Computer 0 OOOOO
Enigmas. C0000
Investigation, aYo0000
Law. ooo00o
Linguistics. @e@00o
Medicine @ee00
"Occult ferererere)
Politics. oo0000
Rituals o0000
Science. O0000

Regist Fain

Sense Wyrm

eeeeeoo0oo090n9a0
OOOO oOoooo
wewnnieeminreaenl oy CHOSE § <evimamntitionet
@#e7oeo0o00000.0
noooOonooOooo

Willpower ——
eeooeoeeeno0$9
OOOO

ea

Bruised a i
Hort 10
Injured os ee
Wounded 2 0
Mauled 2 ©
Crippled 5s ©
Incapacitated Q
-~Weakness ——aam
-1 TO FRENZY
DIFFICULTIES
AGAINST MEN

bie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Back

A TT,

|


‘War singer of your life. Isn't that what life is for?

Roleplaying Hints: Life is a long song.

Come waké the dead Sing well and with gusto. Everyone's your
ith li buddy unless they prove otherwise. Why ,
with a scream of life bitch and moan? ‘Take pride -in Z A

And battle the ghosts at play
Jethro Tull, "No Lullaby"
Life is serious, burt art is fun!
~~ John Irving, The Hotel
New Hampshire

Quote: Noisé? You've got no. vision!
Noise to you, magic to me!

Prelude: Mother always loved you
best; you had a howl she couldn't
ignore. When you grew to adult-
hood, you were the alpha's choice
until a huge black wolf with reddish
streaks beat him down and carried you
off.

Life as. a wolf bored you: When you"
learned. to shapeshift, you found out
why. Life was better on two legs, more
exciting, more challenging. The chants
of your Moon-sisters and the thunder of
human music stirred a passion to sing,
to dance, to fight. Creation is -the
Mother's bounty, and you're deter-
mined to sample every bit of it!

Concept: A. mystic hedonist.
Though you were raised a wolf
and trained a witch, your heart
belongs to the wild night. Your
life, for a werewolf, has been
easy. And even the toughest
fight is like a party to you. Yeu
have' tremendous untapped
power, but little discipline. It . " allt
will take a major tragedy to "" y
bring you:-down, and even ¢
that might not work! —_ 2

Unlike most lupus;.™ 2
you love -humans. You" know
your way in the woods, but they
bore you. Rituals, whether the
moots of the Moon-Daugh-
ters or the postures of MTV, Q-
are your lifeblood. You
learned to play
guitar, and you
play damn well.
Your wolf-cousins
view you with distaste,
but you're having the time

yourself, watch the shad- —

ows, and kick

ee,

the

Wyrm's ass!
Equipment?
Trench knife, sawed-off shot-

gun, serious collection of guitars,
amps and hard-rock CDs.

352

a

> AN

\

WW

\ wa

ee Fraes

Name: Bréed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice:. Galliard Pack ‘Totem:
Chronicle: Aes. Concept: Warsinger -
Physical Social Mental
Strength: SeG00 Charisma, @eeeeo Perception, @0000
Dexterity. eee00 Manipulation, @eee00 Intelligence OOOO
Stamina, @e@e00 Ap ee ab litioc @@e00 Wits. e@ee00
Talents kills Knowledge
Alertness. @@000 Animal Ke: 00000 Computer 00000
Athletics. oo0o000 Drive ee000 Enigmas, @0000
Brawl] e@eee00 Etiquette. 20000 Investigation, e0000
Dodge. e0000 Firearms. oo0000 Law. 20000
Empathy. oo0000 Melee. @e0000 Linguistics. o0000
Expression, e@ee00 Leadership. 00000 Medicine o0000
Intimidation, @e@000 Performance_Gultar eeee0 Occult, BO000
Primal-Urge. @0000 Repair. @0000 Politics, O0000
Streerwise. @ee00 Stealth, B0000 Rituals, O0000
Subterfuge. E0000 A ee000 Science. C0000
waian oem azic oe ese
Backgrounds Gitts Gifts
Resources @e000 Leap of the Kangarco
Contacts ee000 Call of the Wyld

00000 Sense Wyrm

o00000

00000

Gi .
eo OOO OO OO Oo eoeeoeoee 00090 Bruised io
OOM oOoOooo OOOO Inj a —
00000835 0000 ht GTS iS rete Wounded 2 0
NOOOOOOOOO eweeoo000000 Moles 2 J
Wisdom . Ppice "
006 OS 6-6 6 OOOOOOOOOeC Incapacitared oO
OOOO Willpower —Ka— ~Weakness ——Lesm
a Rake em @eeaeoeeeeoo°0n I UENZY
oooooooooo ACAINS TY Mund

Attrit US5/3 Abilia

13/9/58 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice arid tribe; Backer

a oe

bie Poines: 15 (7/5/2/t)

|


Qadical

A revolution is not a dinner party... it ‘cannot be so..
refined, so leisurely and genteel, so temperate, kind,
courteous, restrained: :..A revolution is :
an insurrection, an act of violence
by which -one class overthrows
another.

= Mao Tse-tung

Quote: The time for reason
is past. If we can't share power,
we'll take it!

Prelude: Your father was‘a WY brutal
man who beat his wife whenever he felt like it, and
your brothers followed his example. Dealing with them.
taught you how to fight: One night, your father went too
far. pen . : a
Murdering your father isa hell of a way to usher in your
First Change. When the haze cleared, you stood naked
amidst the gore. Two huge black wolves were standing
beside you; they calmed you, cleaned you; and guided you
out into the first night of your new life.

Werewolf or no, you are unable to curn your back on
other women. Your passion and charisma have made you a
formidable leader despite your youth. You have enough
skills and resources to make you an asset to your pack and
a terror to macho bastards everywhere.

Conéept: A born leader. You've got a carload of horror
stories about men, and a carload of guilt ower your family.
These fuel an endless crusade.

Despite your rather narrow view (hence your low Per-
ception), you are charismatic and can be an engaging
speaker, as long as you avoid certain subjects. You are
absolutely convinced that your sisters, your children, and
the earth itself must be protected from men atall costs. Your
contacts, allies, and many of your Abilities derive from
your activities.

Roleplaying
liever, with
an -hon-
est

\

WY

Hints: You're a true be-

oa ":

concern for
those around you and a
to go ona rant. Injustice is
a personal affront. Put your best face .
forward... to win others to your cause, but
watch out for that awful temper of yours ...
Equipment: Political literature, camera,
light revolver.

54 /
Z

——

réendency

= EX Fuaes

Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Avspice: Ahroun Pack Totem:
Chronicle: ae. Concept: Radical
Physical Social Mental
Strength. S@000 Charisma, Se@ea0o0 Perceptiori @BO000
Dexterity. ee6¢00 Manipulation, @eeee0o Intelligence. @ee00
Stamina. ee000° a 4 eee00 Wits. @e@000
Talents Ah Knowledge
Alertness @@000 Ariimal Ken eo0000 Computer 900000
Athletics. @0000 Drive. e@e000 Enigmas. E0000
Brawl, @eee@00 Etiquette, S2e8e00 Investigation, o0000
Dodge. a0000 Firearms, ee000 Law. @e@000
Empathy. 00000 Melee eE0000 Linguistics. o0000
Expression... @ BOO Leadership__ Speeches ee8e0 Medicine o0000
Intimidarion___. @eeooo Performance @ee000 Occult, Q20000
Primal-Urge O0000 Repair. oo0000 Politics, eee00
Streetwise. o0000 Stealth. O0000 Rituals, oO0000
Subterfuge @eo0000 a 450 ene KOIOOOO Science. o0000
Backgrounds - Gitts Gifts
Allies eee00 Fersuasion
Contacts @e@e@000 Razor Claws
Kinfolk @0000 Sense Wyrm
90000
o0000
ecm nag eS ETT A HE PUP
COO O FOO Oooo £eeeeeooce Bruised oo
NOOO OOOO Inj 3 —
eooooo coo 0 8 las CHOSE S emenennmtlntionar Wounded 2° 01
NOOO eeo0000 000 Mouled | 2 =
Wisdom CI ripplec 5
ooo oon GS 0.600 NOOOooOooo Incapacitated
oo Rake a @eeeeoo0000.n Bene
OOOO OCICIcOCI AGAINST MEN

2/3/3 Abiliti

13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


Bone by bone, hair by hair, Wild W/oman comes back. Through night
dreams, through events half understood and half remembered, Wild
Woman cores back.

— Clarissa P; Estes, Women Who Run with the Wolves

Jona Kinslayer_anod
Ceiresias the Wise

These elders gained fame during the Nazi occupation of
Greece, battling the Germans and saving one of the Furies'
most powerful caerns, the Sept of Bygone Visions, from the
Wyrm..(See Caerns: Places of Power.)

Ilona, an Artisan of the Outer Calyx; is a stern and elderly
Priestess of the Temple. She earned her name by killing her
own Bane-tainted Kinfolk. .An excellent tactician, Iona
provides advice and shelter for Freebooters worldwide. She

56 Black Furies

has a dry wit arid little patience for fools. Her outspoken
ways and ill temper have made her unpopular among the
Furies.

Teiresias, the blind sage, is the highest-ranking male in
the tribe. He sacrificed his eyes to Nazi torturers, but
retained the power to bind potent spirits to Ecube, the
island caern. Though nearly eighty years old, Teiresias'
perceptions are keen and his wits dagger sharp. He mumbles
constantly at the spirits who surround him, but offers clear
council to anyone who listens. Many metis revere him, but
it's unlikely that many would pay the price he has.

Ww

L


Althea @aneslayer

The Gréat Mother of the loner Calyx is an aged three-
legged lupus with a gaze that could pierce steel. Though her
charisma and mediating skill are legendary among the
Furies, she was once a great warrior. Artisans still sing of her
battles in the East, where she led a band of Amazons against
the Wyrm in China, Burma, and Cambodia. She lost a leg
to a land mine, but still travels the world with an escort of

hellhounds, huge Kinfolk who can breath fire. Althea is
known for appearing when she is least expected.

She has -great compassion: and often appears from the
Umbra bearing food for needy humans or spiritual aid for
desperate Garou. Althea ‘has attained the stacus of a sort of
Black Fury Santa Claus, odd as that sounds, and some think of
her more as an Incarna than an elder. Nevertheless, she is very
much alive, and quite powerful. Woe to the human, Garou, or
Wyrmspawn who strains her considerable patience.

Appendix Three S7


N

Shin
LP SY

« -
Sister Judith Paws-Of-
Light

A metis Wise One of the Order of the Merciful Mother,
Sister Judith displays eerily accurate foresight and a power-
ful bond with the living land. Rumors tell of Sister Judith
raising new saplings from desert dust and healing advanced
cases of leprosy. Light blazes from her snow-white paws as
she works her potent Gifts; some even say she can banish
Banes with a command. Such stories are doubtless wishful
thinking, but most Furies concede that Sister Judith holds
special favor with the Mother.

She is reputed to have skinned Iraqi soldiers alive during
the occupation of Kuwait, and slaughtered Israeli and PLO
fighters alike to save innocents caught in a crossfire. Fury
gossips claim Sister Judith has gone into Bosnia to put an
end to racial cleansing.

Many Garou claim that Sister Judith is a myth, a tale
created to glorify the Order of the Merciful Mother. Others
maintain that they have seen the Pale Fury with their own
eyes, and that the Spirit of Blessed Mary guides her hand.
Only her sisters in the Order, and the Goddess herself,
know the truth.

arr oes
DANN

Wari Cabrah

An urban Amazon, Mari stalks the neon-drenched maze
of New York, hunting Bane and corrupt human alike.
Abused as a teen-ager, Mari is sworn to protect other girls
from the pain she suffered. She runs a self-defense dojo,
teaching martial arts to any women who wants to learn.
Though she prefers to live alone, she has taken more than
a few young runaways under her wing, teaching them to
stand on their own before sending them back into the
world. .

Mari has a soft spot for kids and a special hatred for urban
predators. Among the Garou she is known for her sharp
tongue, fighting prowess, and keen familiarity with the
Weaver's jungle. She once ran with an inter-tribal pack
called the Guardian Rage. Mari remains bitter about the
split, and has taken on a sour attitude towards packs in
general.

AN

ee gg
Dolcheka Jbarruri

Her first name means "wolf-lover;" her last is a tribute to
a Spanish revolutionary. This up-and-coming young Fury
wages a personal war against the wolf-hunters of Alaska.
She rarely kills her prey; she prefers to maim them and leave
them bleeding on the outskirts of a nearby town..Her
psychological warfare has already taken a toll on the hunt-
ing trade...

The Alaskan authorities fear a band of radicals has taken
up-terrorism in the forests,.but Volcheka wages a lone
crusade, even disdaining the help of other Garou. Her
immunity to the Arctic cold and seeming ability to control
winter storms leads some to believe she serves the Wendigo
totem. Volcheka already seems a legend; more Furies know
of her by reputation than can ever claim to have met her.


A

Julisha of the Chousand

Vas

This African Pury is-rumored to belong to the Inner
Calyx, bur no one (except the Calyx themselves) knows for

sure. She is reputed to be a mistress of disguise and infiltra-
tion. Ragabash to the core, Julisha's deadly pranks are

known the world over.

Some claim Julisha has aunique Gift that allows her to

thange shape into anything she desires. Her calling card, a
miniature Zulu war mask, is said to have greeted Robert

Allred himself as he fluffed his pillow. The explosion killed
six Pentex employees, but not, regrettably, Allred

A\\ \ i

mare

ree

fe


~—— Brick Fumes

<a

WName: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
Physical Social Mental
Strength oo0000 Charisma, oo0000 Perception, O0000
Dexterity. 00000 Manipulation. oOo0000 Intelligence__. OOOO
Stamina o0000 Appearance oo0000 Wits. : oo0000
eee ee AA ADI ities ence ene Lorna
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness o0000 Animal Ken. oo0000 Coémputer. oO0000
Athletics 00000 Drive o0000 Enigmas, oOo0000
Brawt oo0000 Etiquette o0000 Investigation. oo0000
Dodge o0000 Firearms BO0000 Law. 00000
Empathy. oo0000 Melee oo0000 Linguistics, oOo0000
Expression, o0000 Leadership. ooo00°0 Medicine oo0o000
Intimidation. O0000 Performance O0000 Occult oO0000
Primal-Urge oo000 Repair. DOO00 Politics ao0000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, O0000 Rituals VOO0000
Subterfuge O0000 Survival ooa00o Science Patetetsts!
Backgrounds . Gifts Gifts

o0000

o0000

fexerererel

o0000

forererete)

Glory i ci
NOOO OOOOOCI HOO OCOCOCICIC urt -
Honor . iiajured. = ae
00 0 0 OO O OO Om GOSS mene lamar Wounded = -2 0
NOOOOOoOOoOO coooeo0 eo OOo Mauled | 2 =
Wisdom tipple 5
S60 0 "6 0.0 6 NOOO OOMICICIes Incapacitated ol
MOOD COCo ~Willpower -——H— Ceeeem Ce aktite 5 5 mmm Lonanee
—T* Rank —— am ooooo oOo Oo oO oO eee
OO CIO OIC AGAINST MEN

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Fréebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


Breil 3 hoe

——Homir# Glabro— ‘Crinos—4 Hispo——~ Lu pus——ow
Strength (+2). Strength C4). Strength.(+3)_ 0 Strength (+1)
on Stamina (+2). = Dexterity: (#2). Dexterity (+2)
Change Appearance et a Stamina. AG +3) Stamina. (+2)

oe Manipulation © > an Manipilarion ( § -3 3) Manipulation (-3)__

a

i Manipulation Ce
Difficulty: 6 Difticaley: 7 Difficulty: € 6

Ditficuley: 7 Difficulty: 6

wren Other Craits —_Z woe Fetishes -wamcuemcmeLomtiorsne

feTerererererers) Item? (1) Dedicated - Level Gnosis

[ereleleleielele)
eooo0o00o0o
Ooodoo000o
O90000000
oooo0o0o0o0o0
oo0000000
oOoodo0o0o0o0o
OoOo000o0o
oOo0d000000
ooo0o0o000go
Oooo0o0o009s
[eletelereleiel se
OD0d00000
feteteltelelelele)
eoooo0009o
oOooo0ocoso
ecetecelelelel es)
goo0000 00
aeo0coeo0o0o0o
[sletel el elels ie.
oOoo0ooo0ocg

Power.

Teer: (Cl) Dedicared Level Gnosis
Power

Ttem: (C] Dedicated » Level Gnosis
Power.

Trem: EC Dedicated . Level Gnosis

Power.

esrwnemrwnammcaare wit it gl R ath Rites aie Lit as

VAAN

a a

Maneuver/Weapon. Roll Difficulty Darmage Range Rate Clip Brawling Chart gc
Rell Diff - Damage

Bite Dex + Brawl 5 Strength +17

Body Slam Dex + Brawl 7 Special

Claw Dex + Brawl - 6 Strength + 27

Grapple Dex + Brawl - 6 Strength

Kick Dex + Brawl 7 Strength + 1

Punch Dex + Brawl .6 Strength
+ These manetivers do aggravated damage-

Armor:


— "Brick Faaes ——f)

Nature: Demeanor:

Merit ype Cost Flaio Type Bonus

wea CXPANCED CF. ackground Oe oe

Allies Qesources
Contacts Pure Breed
"
Kinfolk : Past Life Zz
Mtentor Pack Cotem
woumrrmarrvem SS POSSESSIONS wemm Jato eA Experience na
Gear (Carried) TOTAL:

Equipment (Owned)

\

Gained From:

Name TOTAL SPENT:

Caern Location Spent On:
Level Type

Totem
Leader


7 Back Fucses— =

Prelude

N\

j

Age
Hair
Eyes
Race
Nationality.
Sex

Height Weight
Homid Battle Scars

Glabro

Crinos

Hispo Metis (Deformity
Lupus

Pack Chart Character Sketch

We aarwan___. —-\yy

Teel


TALES TO GNAW YOUR BONES!

oN ite

NA SULZF * 2,00
2.9
CANADA

: "FEATURING
jOTHER LARISSA


~~ a ee ae — Oe Oe
HELLOD MY WILD. WEIRD WOLFIES! "TONIGHT WE HAVE ACTALE OF TERROR FROM THE
LERRIFIC TOMB-TIMES OF THE GNAWERS' PAST. ITS A GROSS GALLOWS-_HUMOR GAG
FROM THE GREAGIEST OF THE GARQU- A TALE OF GREED ANID GRAVE ERRObG ~ GET rr.
KIDDIES? GRAVE ERPRORG! HEHEHEHEVEVEHEMEHEW HEE HEE Wee ACK GOUGH! 7

aed

NOW. WHO WILL BE AANe HEY NOW. WAKE UE
BUDDY TONIGHT. BUPPY! LOOKIE AEDT
. ‘ 1GOrT var

MEET TOMMY BOY THE AWFUL
ANTAGONIGT OF THIG AGONIZING
APHORIGM, THOUGH MOST BOYS
AH. HIG AGE ARE WORRIED ONLY ABOUT
ober . PIMPLES ANID GIRL. Tony HAS
ao. PICKED UP A RATHER NASTY
YOU RAGGED. HAGIT... .
OLG PIECE OF
CRAP!

a SS)

|


THATS RIGHT, YOU GMELLY BUA!
a - PURE GONG TO GET
& ine COMING TO VAL
STS oo AMD VOOR KING
3 Abe A TICK ON THE
BUTT OF HUMANITY,

i ~<a
= ~sS
oS AS S 4
i ~~
- \ MAND IM GOING TO PICK YOU OFEL
r « ate . 2
Se —— =
oc pet . = E : =
" : os 3 3s
- . : ck
wid WS
+ VOU NEEDED == "EC ee : . id Tee
~~ 4 ie ir cteme TOMMY HAS HIG OWA IDEAS ABOUT
wo AV ELE ARE AND URBAN GHRERWAL. AND LIKES TO,
MELE TRE HOMELESS 1 Ree CANN) SPECIAL WAY
ELTELPING THEM ON TO FWe NEXT LIER! -
_= "wy

Dis YOu fo Was
TOD PO. MASTER THOMAS .

ee
"WE #MEE EVES.
row. LE Ts CO
t VIOME...
s epg ‘\, <
eerie
js F.. am
ee . : Z
_ S
prs: _— so a —
a 7 oo ae
ne eae
=

So" a
pith a BH.
Rae a

\
ee
\

whe


- as + i
HELLO, TOMAYL HO ene atl

ARE YOU TONIGHT? THAT'S NICE. HONEY. L KEPT

J a SOME DINNER WARM FOR YOu. J
i - SHALL 1 GEND IT UP?
JUST FINE. MARTHA, WOULD VE BEEN " LUT A

HERE FOR DINNER. BUT THAD SOME . MLL aa 7"
CLEANING TO DO AT THE OFFICE. :
Sy : : - i wa
NS Dp

NAH. FORGET IT. tan NO
HUNGRY ANYMORE,

BEEN SOME MORE RAT ALLEY
KILLINGS: VOUR MOTHER'S BEEN
WORRIED ABOUT THEM,

=
" I" \—

THUG ENDETH ANOTHER
PRODUCTIVE DAY FOR OUR LITTLE
BOY TOMY. LITTLE DOES ME
KNOVY THAT VWHILE HE SLEEPS,
THE CRAFTY KINFOLK OF COUR
CRUSTY KIND ARE PERSPIRING...OrR

IS THAT CONSPIRKKES?

WELL. GHE DDEGNT

; HAVE ANYTHING TO
: WORRY ABDUT.

RR ABOUT. Z GOOD NIGHT DAL.

HAS DIED IN THOSE KILLINGa?

4
po THATS RIGHT, SON, THATS RIGUT, NO
REGPECTABLE PERGON WOULD GE
CAUIGUT IN RAT ALLEY! FRANKLY, PAA GLAD
THAT SIDAAEONE 1G TAKING CARE OF MUR
HLIAAAN TRASH PROBLEM. BUT YOurR
PAD THER. GHE WORRIES. 3


HERE YOU GO...HOPE THAT HELPS BACK AT a - . 1
THE CAERN. DID YOU GET THAT WORD FROM YES. MATAMIIT'S HUA. IT
GRANDMOTHER ABOUT TOMMY? ' fg OD AIN'T NOBODY ELSE. CAN'T
" ; i ? BE. OLD FRANKIE SAW HIM
- JUST TONIGHT. CLOBRBERED
THE HECK OUT OF mR.
RENFROE.

\\
"4

~_X 4
WHATS THIS? ?
BLOOPSTAING Pe? OH.
TOMA) TOmaAY.

SO"7..THAT MEANS...THE SEPT ic PAY LITTLE BOY...
GOING TO TAKE ACTION? - q

WES. MA'AM. WE GOTTA,
WS FOR THE GOOD.

SN 1 SEE. AND THERE'
My ROTHING 1 CAN DO?

OP

NO. AAA AAA. WOU HAVE
A GOOP NIGHT NOw...

WELL. KIDDIES. IT'S THE NEXT EVENMING...AND IT SEEMS THAT TERRIGLE TOMAMY'S GOTTEN A TASTE
FOR BASHING OUT HIG TROUBLE THE OLD-FASHIONED WAY. .HE CANT RESIST WHEN HE SEES 4
PASSED-OUT OLD WIND IN THE STREET. HE TELLS HIG DRIVER TO STOP...4ANID THEN GETS CUT FOR
A DATE WITH DESTING —- ANID THE WOLF!


GET UP. YOU STUPID
FREAK. GET UP! | WANT
TO REAT YOU TO
HAMBURGER!

JWAT'S RIGHT. YOu
FREAK. BEG ME. BEG
ME FOR Ni

COUR
VVYRETCOHED LIFEL.-",

FLAGHLIGHUT! WHATS
GOIKIG Toni

° a ~ zs a ti
WHAT? WEY. THe

PRA GONNA FDS WOU
RIGHT UP! TAKE CARE
OF ALL YER
PROBLEAAG!


i;
i

oe,

‘ y 4 eGooo OH. MAY! THE HOWL OF
TRIDMPEL.. THAT GAM ONLY. YES? WHAT? | COnrT BELIEVE YOU...cONF
{ MEANL.. GON 1G THAT YOU? YES. GON. FOLD ON.
= VES? Y-V-YES. ONE HOLL OM. YEG. 1 WILL. YES. iLL PAY
| N SG PAQMENT. ILL GET HIM. ANDY THINIG. ANY THING! JUST DONT HORT my
BOY! WHERE RAT ALLEY? ARE YOU THE
x = Pe - RAT ALLEY KILLER? NO.NO. tm GORRY —
=e } ' ONT HANG UP!
-
( s 4 as,
_— O/— EE = x NS =f
b,| —— —
— as oe par 2 r ~
—
- =~ : =
— oe p N —
ee oe ZF
. _ f
RING. VE RIE " |
{"- - / — eee
as
ee — a
_ = z
— _ a, See > Nee] 2
. BUT... WHAT... WHAT IF
THEY WANT YOU TO BRING THEM :
ATG ANS BOM e "See TOMMY'S ALREADY DEAD?
THEN WE'LL MAKE
NO. MARTHA. PAY!
THESE ARE re yi THOSE BAGTARDS PAY!
BEARER BONDS. A og :
THEY'RE WORTH "=~ = a aN) yy
< MONEY © Ri. Vs
: ANYONE 4) ~- . " Z
HOLDING THEM. a _ —
i = LOTS OF = a
= x = MONEY =
3 oe " 2
—=,-
S ,"fy
* ~—, =
+, {
2 LZLEA7
See HELLO. ARE YOU _
SEE THERE HELLOT >
Na >
r ~ a p
f
i es |
, ——
~ - HELLO: i

71a THAT 7
YOU HELLO. — ae

©

mM JEEVES! QUICKLY! WwW
MUST GET TO THE
POLICE!

MURR) HILHR Re VET
ARE WE TURNING DOwnh
THIS BACK ALLEY ™

IMHAVE TOCTAKE CARE
OF GOME TRASH. Sir!

HEM HEH HEH...VVELL. THAT ENDS MUNe TALE OF FIL Tey DuCReE ANTO FIT LURK ERat
HWIGT GOES TO SHOW wou ITS REAL I} UAfafe TO) C36 T GOO HELP Th4EaGe PAYS
HMEMEMEMEME! WELL. AT LEAGT NOVY TOnaAnAw 1 TAG LEARNED TI4e ERROR OF HIG WAYS.
ANID IS HANGING AROUND IN BETTER PLACES. ANTE WHAT OF THe GE ARER Gonitee .:
WELL. IT GEEMS THAT A GENEROUS DONATION WAG MAIDPE IN AAR. RENFROE'S NIAASE<
TO THE SALVATION ARMY! TOO BAD THERE'S NO GALVA TION LEFT FOR Toomany ANH?
HIG DEAR DEPARTED DADI DONT WORRY. THOUGH. FOLKS. THe z GR =f ~

z Y WERE. INDEED. PEOPLE OF GOOP TASTE! TO THE RATS. THAT iat
HEE HE HE HEE HEHEHE HEHEEEHEHEEE! ACK! COUKStH!


by Sam Chupp

Credits

Author: San Chupp

Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: Robert Hatch

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Cover/Splash Page and Comic Book: John Bridges

Art: Jeff Rebner, Bryon Wackwitz, Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook

Typesetting and Layout: Aileen E. Miles

Logo and Back Cover Design: Michelle E. Prahler

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
&. SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA.

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDS

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes
of reviews, and blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire
the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Alon, Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Black Furies
Tribebook, Bone Gnawers Tribebook, Children of Gaia
Tribebook and Litany of the Tribes are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, Characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are-
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.

Special Thanks to:

René "Aufwiedersehen" Lilly for becoming a German.

Lyndi"MST3K" Hathaway-McKeeman for allowing all
thé turkeys to roost at her place.

Wes "Big Apple" Harris for raging across New York with
Stew.

Travis "Unleashed" Williams for finally fixing his com-
puter to play Dracula Unleashed!

William "Home Is Where the Heart Is" Hale for fleeing
the American Dream.

Rebecca "Ball Snatcher" Schaefer for showing them
who really owns the four-square court.

Danny "I'm. Doomed" Landers for the 6,000-sutrvey
paper chase.

Mike "The Real Dip" Kratise —~ Skoal baridits are for
punks.

(Dedication

ToJack Kirby, the King of Comics, 1918 - 1994. No one
élse had such an impact on the medium and its creators.
The heroes Kirby helped create are known to everyone and
include Captain America (whom he drew during World
War 11); the Fantastic Four, the Incredible Hulk, the
Mighty Thor and the Silver Surfer. The cosmic struggle of
heroes and villains won't be the sarne without him.

wy

AWtU

Ly


Contents .
Introduction: A Forward by Shakespeare
Chapter One: Crails in the Gust

The history of the Bone Gnawers

Chapter Cwo: Ways of the Rat

The culturé of the Bone Gnawers

Chapter Chree: Gaia's Armpit

Bone Gnrawers atound the world

Appendix One: Powers

New Gifts, rites, fetishes and roréms

Appendix Cweo: Bone Gnawer Cemplates

Five ready-to-play characters

Appendix Chree: Lifestyles of the Poor and Forgotten

Famous Bone Gnawers of the past and present

o - E Contents

12
14

22
36
42
47

58

dd

r


We wage our wars

In the neighborhoods

We kill the young to feed the old

And man, that ain't no good...

John Mellencamp, "Love and Happiness"

We own the streets. The Glass Walkers in their high
domains think they do, but they only own the title deed.
We own the dirt. We own the gravel. We own the broken
fragments of glass and the Burger Cow wrappers and the
Runaway Helpline posters and the muck, the slime, the goo
that decomposes whenever you Trashers throw something
down here. We own it all. We're the princes of paper, the
satraps of soil, the tyrants of trash. When you throw a bagful
of hungry newborn kittens into the sewers, we find them.
When you toss your shredded "dirty laundry" documents in
the trash, we find them...and put them back together.

We live off of the crap you no longer want. We don't ..

have a credit card or a Miata or even a checkbook, but we

get along. What's my goddamn Social Security number? -

Hell if I know.

We-don't worry about stinkin' numbers. We survive.
That's our gig; survival. Sometimes I wonder what the hell
we're waiting for —-.our deaths, or. the end of the worid?>
Why do we put up with it? :

Well, I've scrawled, licked, stamped, glued, and pasted
this thing together ‘cause I want to try and tell you a little
about us, about why we keep going when nobody really

Introduction

wants us. You may not give a damn. If you don't, then don't
waste your time. :

This tome is written not just by me, but by awhole bunch
of Gnawers who've got stuff to say. That's because when
you're told to shut up alot, when you've had folks turn their
back on-you for long enough, you've got a lot to say.

You think that jiist because we'ré Garou, we're automati-
cally buddy-buddy with the other Garou? Fat chance. They
loathe us. They think we stink. And we do. But we stink
because of what we are, where we live:

VU tell you; though. Ill tell you exactly what's gonna
happen here in a few years. The rest of the wolves, they're
going to get their butts killed off by the Wyrm. Already ya
see it happening down inthe Amazon. Already ya hear from
places like Chicago and Atlanta -—- Garou getting killed off
left and right, the Wyrm showin' up in new guises. I tell you,
Garou won't be long in this world.

Well, not-all of us. We Gnawers will be here, just like
we've always been. We'll be the last, just like it was foretold.
And then we'll show the Wyrm a thing or two....

vy

\

Ly


,
2 N iv at ga
7a MEP Re


It's a hard life
It's a hard life
It's avery hard life

It's a hard life wherever you go

If we poison our children with hatred

Then the hard life is all that they know
"And there ain't no placé in this world

for these kids to go...

— Nanci Griffith, "It's a Hard Life Wherever You Go"

Well, where dol begin? Maybe back at the first of things.
You see, we Gnawers, we got a high-falutin' first story just
like the Shadow Lords, the Silver Fangs and all the rest. But
we're not taking bets on whether or not it's true. In fact, we
just plain don't care. It is a nice story, though. Sometimes,
on the street, that's all ya got. .

"he Gone Gnawer
First Legend

le seems that the first Bone Gnawer was the litrle brother
of the first Silver Fang —- the runt of the litter, as it were-
Still, he was a scrappy little thing, and when it care to
fightin' for the kill, he was the best warrior of them all.
Better, in fact, than Silver Fang. But because he was the
littlest, the lankiest and the loudest: of the bunch, our
Greatest Grandfather was frequently cut out of the best part

of the kill. By the time all the hulking brutes in the pack got
their share, Boney had only the leftovers. Still, he made do.
Instead of being flabby and big like the other wolves, Boney
was lean, mean and tough as old gristle.

Well, one day, little Boney had had enough. He wasn't
gonna be shut out of the kill again. So, what he did was trick
Fang, his older brother. He made Fang think that the kill
they had made was diseased. When Boney waded in to feast,
Fang pronounced him foul and "of the Wyrm" for earing
tainted flesh, and told him to go back to gnawing bones.

Boney got pissed, but he finished his meal anyway. Then
came the Wyrm, the real Wyrm this time, thundering up
out of the ground. Fang was taken out.quick, and the other
wolves in the pack were hurt bad. Boney hung back, waiting
for his chance, looking for the time to strike. Finally he saw
his opening, a soft spot on the great Wyrm, and bit into it.
He struck bone and gnawed his way right through it witha

Chapter One Is

oa

bL


jaw lock. The great creature was so pained by its wound that
it screamed and fled: Ol Boney barely got free in time.
: Gaia, seein' all this, said, "And so shall it always be; the
children of the Gnawers of Bones will bide their time in.
_ prudence and strike when the hour is best for survival."
Or somethin' like that~Anyway, the upshot of all this‘is
that Bone Gnawers don't like to put their necks on the line
for no good reason. We see it as our job to stick around as
long as we can, Maybe it's ‘cause we want to be there to see
everyone else mess up: Or maybe we believe that story:
we're gonna be the last chance Gaia has to win this one.
Who knows? Who has time to think about it?

Ancent History

' The first recorded history of outs talks about Hammurabi;
he had to worry about his rats, and we were the mutts in the
streets of his city. We used rats back then to keep humans
from getting too plentiful...something we'd been doing
since the Impergium, when we controlled the human
population with disease and famine. We did our part in the
Impergium -—— mot necessarily because we wanted to, but
because we were forced to conform by the Sieg Heil! Silver
Fangs.

Next, let's see —--ah yes! We were the folks who went
along with the first sailors. You didn't know the Gnawers
are some of the best sailors in the world? Well, what ship
you ever see didn't have a rat on board? We and our rat
buddies pioneered the way for the Garou to spread all over
the world before the Moon Bridges linked everyone to-
gether. Wecan even swim pretty good, and I'm sure you've
heard the term "Sea Dog"...that's us. Okay, can it with the
"dog paddle" jokes.

Sorne of the more adventurous of us went to sea with
pirates, Vikings (with the Get of Fenris, if you can believe
that!) and what-nor. We used to bea lot more adventurous
than we are now; it's because we didn't have a lick of sense
in our heads atthe time. Yousee, until humans settled down
and starred living in cities, we really didn't become civi-
lized.

Pve heard tales from someé of the eldest Grandfathers and
some of the most ancient ancestor spirits, bur they won't
tell me about the Gnawers that chose to live outside the
city. Perhaps we'll never know..<or perhaps some of them
stumbled down to Australia-land. Maybe the first Gnawers
were also the first Bunyips....

I think you'd have to look all the way back to Rome
before you could find a group of Bone Gnawers who had the
right idea about surviving. We learned a lot in Rome. We
learned that we were good at living off the crap the Romans
discarded. We learned that we were good at snooping and.
sneakin' in the dark corridors and catacombs that made up
Rome's architecture: And we learned that we hated —— just
couldn' stand —— slaves and slavery. We did whatever we
could to stop it, to free those poor folks, no matter what.
Me,-I don't care if you're' a homeless bum.-on. the

streéts...you'll not be an enslaved homeless bum on the
streets, not while I live and breathe! :

What's wrong, am I borin' ya? Oh, really? You wanna
héar about the Hood, do you? That's skippin' quite a bit.
Well, alright, (Ul tell ya then.

Robin and the Hood

I'm sure you've heard all about Robin Hood and his

Merry Men, right? Well, they got that from us. We've been —

doin' that sort of thing for a long time. Back then, we didn't
like to see the poor get screwed over, ‘cause we were the
poor. What happened to them eventually got around to
happening to us.

We used to rob from the rich and give to the poor. Or just
kill the rich, take their stuff and split ir up. We were doin'
that long before any Normans invaded, although most folks
didn't realize it because back then there was no central mint
where people got their cash. A few coins missing here and
there didn't cause a major uproar.

The Middle Ages were something of a heyday for us. We

thrived in cities like Paris, London,. Toledo;. Kiev and —
Venice. And we kept following the Vikings and the other -

merchant marine ships wherever they wenrt— just along for
the ride, looking for new cities to conquer.

In fact, many Ger of Fenris Viking tales have Bone
Gnawer sidekicks in them, just coset offthe glory of the Get
warlord and provide comic relief. In reality, though, I
betcha many a Get of Fenris' butt was saved by a quick-
thinking Bone Gnawer seadog.

Then, in the latter part of the Middle Ages, things gor

bad. Many folks have tried to blame us for the Black Plague
and the other plagues that came along. I'm not saying that
we weren't involved, but I've heard a tale or two sayin' that
the Bone Gnawers were the folks trying to stop the spread
of the Plague —~ hell, it was the poor folks that got the worst
of it all!

Sadly, we were also carriers of diséase; we were so hardy
and strong that we could take diseases that other folks
couldn't, and in 6ur efforts to help out the sick and dyin'
poor folks, we spread it further. Okay, so we were fairly
stupid back ‘then...that's why the Ban of Man was put in
effect. What's that? Wait a minute, Ill get to it.

The Inquisition finally died down. We barely escaped

the hunts, the fanatic clergy wielding silver crosses, and
that was only because we knew how to hide. We sheltered
many Garou during the Burnings, and made many strange
bedfellows as some of the other creatures of the night took
shelter with us. That's when we really came to know the
Nosferatu. Pll cell ya more about them later.

When the Renaissance dawned, things were never again
the same. We lived in the blossoming city-states of Italy and
we thrived on the (much emptier) streets of Paris.
Werewolves were relegated to the realm of superstition.
We weren't sure how many of us were left alive.

LG Bone Gnawers


7s a6 ° A

he Piping of the Rats
. The elders of the tribe met in sécret. They decided thar
it was time for a Piping, a calling together of all the
' Gnawers. Our Rarkin brethren helped us out by getting us
from place'to place inahurry. We took ships, we took Moon
Bridges, we even walked or ran in our wolf-bodies across the
countryside to make it to Barcelona, where. the Grand

".. Moot was held in secret catacombs lent to" us by the

Nosferatu. It took a lot of talkin', but nobody walked out
until chere was a solution, one that everyone-could live
with. What we came up with was the Ban of Man. It's pretty
simple, so even the densest of us can remember it. Say it
with me, class...

"Help not Man for his survival unless it threarens ours.
Hurt not Man unless he threatens us. Kill not Man for food
unless we might perish."

~ No longer would we bé roarnin' around the countryside
pickin' up food for the hungry and finding places for the

homeless to sleep. We'd look after our own, but that was it. ~

We couldn't afford to get hunted down like the Ratkin did
and we couldn't afford to risk our own survival like the
Children of Gaia did.

Then we started hearing about a land, a place across the
sea: the New World. A few of us even managed to sneak
aboard a vessel or two and check it out for ourselves. Here
was a land of plenty, with food for the taking —— and the
treasure! Everywhere we went, we found friendly natives
waiting to hand over theit gold and jewels for the price of
a few trinkets!

‘Time for another Piping. This time, we gathered in
Portugal, in Lisbon. The entire tribe was told of the vast
lands of wealth across the sea. There was a general dissat-
isfaction. with the Old World in light of the New. Except for
France, where many Gnawers tried to help overthrow the
French monarchy.

Thus, the Exodus of our people. Led by Corazon
Bitefinder, renowned for his generosity and scrounging
abilicy, the Gnawers set out to infiltrate every ship making
the journey across the ocean. to the New World.

Little did we realize that we'd get screwed in this country
just like in Europe. At least it was a change of scenery.

Chapter One 7


Bone Gnawer Catriots

‘There wére Américan Gnhawers among the dogfaces and
the rank-and-file soldiers who slept in rags at Bunker Hill.
We were the trappers, the grizzled ol' mountain men who
pushed back the frontier. Of course, .our Garou brethren,
the Wendigo and the Uktena, didn't take too kindly to us.
We tried to learn their ways but we were just as lost as rhe
humans. To this day they don't like us, but at least we
respect each other. And we never tried to kill ‘em off, not
like other Europeans did. We had the Ban, remember? The
Wendigo respected that. Not that it mattered; the Pure
Ones thought of us in the same way the rest of the Garou did
—— so why should we help them any?

There we all were, free and clear from the British, a
nation all-our own. And then all the work we'd put in
during the war, sneaking and spying for the Colonies, dying
in their battles —- none of it made a lick 0' difference. We
were thrown aside like everybody else they no longer hada
use for. Many of us turned to rum or opium to get over it.

Things looked bleak for our people. We had hard win-
ters. We nearly died, and the cities in the New World
weren't big enough to support us.

What happened next? Well, folks, the Gnawers did what
we always do when the-chips are down,-when all hell is
breakin' loose, when it's the last minute of the last hour. of
the last day —— boy, we stood right up, looked that damn
Weaver in the eye, and said, "Let's ‘ave another one!" We
took the crap that we were handed, made something out of
it, and gave that somethin' to our kids, who gave it to their
kids. We survived..Oh, it wasn't a Life of Riley; it wasn't
posh. But it was something. It was‘all we had.

We were part of the Civil War, too; a big part: Heck, we
were some of the best spies in the business. Now, you'd
think that we'd be held back by the Ban of Man, right?
Well, Pil tell ya, nobody paid attention to it when it came
to the slaves in America: We didn't give a damn about no
Ban; we were gonna help Mrs. Tubman get those folks our
whenever we could..Ever since Rome, we've hated bein'
locked up and we've hated slavery..As long as there is a
Gnawer still kickin', we'll be there, helping the enslaved
get free.

Then it hit: the big Industrial Beast. The world was
changed all over again. Our folks gritted their teeth and
learned more —— learned about steam and electricity and
gunpowder. We learned about mechanics and architecture
and engineering: And we —~ damn it, | don't care what the
damn Glass Walkers say! ——~ we were the first ones to talk
to the spirits in the machines, the steam elementals and the
electricity spirits. We were the first! And we were the first
to make friends with the spirits of the streets as well. ~

When the Weaver went crazy, the humans woke up and
started building crazy webs all their own, webs of steel and
iron. They decided that the poor folk would do well in the
mines and factories. They shoveled us into the big ma-

I8 Bone Gnawers

chines like fodder, and they spat us out the other side, lungs
black and bodies broken, with but a bare wage to show for
our life's work. They forced us out of the nicer places and
into the holes, the ghettos, the sewets. We soon realized
that there wasn't room for us in the humans' plans, and that
we couldn't fight the behernoth that rose up overnight to
choke the land around us.

(he American CDream

But the spirit we had — our way of staying alive and doin'
what ittakes~—~had raken on alife of its own. Wecalled this
spirit the American Dream, because it was part of our dream
for our cubs. Those that worked hard got something back
for it. Those that actually got out. and did‘an honest day's
scamming got enough chow for themselves and their fami-
lies. All around us, all throughout America, a combination
of our beliefs about survival and the work ethic of the day
blossomed into.a full-grown, brand-new toterm.

Ah, the Roarin' '20s! I was just a little one then; but I
heard tales from my grandpa. They had hada war in Europe,

and we won; the whole world was celebrating, America'

especially. Cars were big. Booze was big. Crime was big. The
Glass Walkers moved in like gangbusters to the cities of
America, coming across with their Mafia ties and forcing us
out of the city caerns. Well,.at least the ones they knew
about: Heh. They'd have a hard time finding some of the
ones they don't know about. Anyway, the G.W/. were really
big, and you know us, we try to survive whatever way we
can. So we gat real buddy-buddy with them. Started send-
ing our muscle along with theirs.

IL tell ya, our tribes were getting teally close there fora
while. Qur muscle and their brains made a dynamite com-
bination. Our knowledge of the cities' soft underbellies was
also helpful: bank robbers had no trouble breaking into
places that were otherwise unassailable. What? Oh,. it
means, "You can't get in it." Like a-tin can without an
opener. Geez, (d wish you giys would read more than
comic books sometime. What? Oh that's right, you can'r
read.

So there we were, Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers;
snuggling right up together like two mutts in the winter.
There was talk among the elders that there'd be a merger,
that the GW. would adopt us into their noble ranks and
we'd finally have some decent representation at the Great
Moots.

But that, along with the rest of the world, went down the
crapper on Black Monday. The Crash of '29 was foretold
only by a few overlooked prophets and visionaries among
our people. In fact, that's what makes the storytellers, our
Galliards, so important to us now; we learned from that
mistake. Anyway, when the Crash happened, it threw a big
wet ol' hairy blanket on.our Glass Walker parade. I guess
the G.W. finally realized just how snuggly they'd got with
us: they instantly kicked us out and withdrew their support
from the moots — we were dicked over again, and this time

\

a
SESS
Sa =

LESSORS

LES

we >
=

Lia

"a rs
but good. Without support in the Great Moot, we were
unable to do a damn thing to stop the steady downturn in
the economy. We had to grin and bear it along with the rest
of the poor humans, even though it wasn't our fault.

Well, what could we do? We did what we always do, what
we're doing now, what we'll be doing from now until the
Wyrm finally chomps down on Mr. Sun. We survived.
That's right. We took to selling apples in the streets. We
were there in the first work projects. You can thank a
Gnawer named Mrs. Preston for that little bit ofheip. Work
projects were her idea; FDR stole it. We helped build this
whole country, and this country owes-us a lot.

That's why we practically rule New York now. Heck, we
built half of it with our own sweat and blood! The very walls
and streets sing our names and our fathers' and mothers'
names. The Big Apple is one big Bone Gnawer playground,
complete with a great place to sleep: Central Park.

There is a tale about a group of Red Talons and a group
of Gnawers comin' to odds outside New York one night.
The Red Talons wanted to sweep into town and throat~
every human they could find. Well, we wouldn't have it.
Who'd be stupid enough to kill their own food ticket?
Anyway, there was a long, Mexican-style standoff. Finally
the Bone Gnawer Grandpappy convinced the Red Talon
war-warg that he had already marked a fireplug nearby as

My Hy i a
i My ly

4

his térritory, and thus he had rights to the hunting in that
area. He invited the head Talon to sniff the fireplug as
proof. The Talons were pretty angry, but they were even
angrier when one of our New Moons put his hand on the
plug while the Talon was sniffing, and used Open Seal. To
this day, the Talons in New York won't go near a fireplug,
and I don't think the leader's muzzle ever recovered corn-
pletely from the drenchin'.

It was in the 730s that we really got to know the Nosferatu,
the Leeches that our tribe actually gets along with. Ugly
dudes, but they're still more reliable that your average
Shadow Lord: I know, that's not sayin' much. But I tell ya,
if ix weren't for our alliance, both those Sewer Rats and the
Bone Gnawers wouldn't have lasted the Depression. We
helped hide and protect them, and they made sure the
W.P.A. and other groups like that didn't build over our
caerns or make them into parks (well, not all of them, but
Central Park is another story).

So, that's what we've been doin'. You may have noticed
there's a lot of places you pups can't get to, down there in
the shadows. Well, PHU tell ya, it's because we gave our
Nosferatu buddies the what-for about the Apocalypse, and
they took our advice. They've built secret rooms, corridors,
and whole complexes down there, which they've cloaked
with their hidin' powers.

Chapter One Ig?

L


: ae 2
EGE VN)

Anyway, we were with the Dustbowl farmers as they
crept west across the country (how many times have we
made that trip?) and we were with the immigrants who kept
coming in off Ellis Island and even those we snuck in past
Customs, like some of those Jewish folks that otherwise got
turned away.

That leads our little tale to the '40s and WWII. There we
were, faced with a bastard as big as Hitler, and there wasn't
much choice anymore. Our boys ignored the Ban of Man
and joined up. We weren't about to take that crap sitting
down. Some of us used the war as an excuse to get back in
touch with the European Gnawers, and some of us grew to
great fame during the occupation of France, where we made
raid after raid on the Germansupply lines ——crippling them
slowly, bit by bit, while running a decent black market on
our off hours.

I can tell ya, we were just as surprised as everyone when
we learned about the Get and their Nazi ties. We wanted to
waste them all, then and there, but our leaders in Europe
were wise and held us back. Still, we were there in the front
lines when it came time to do the final battle, and many Get

"joined our side before it was over.

Then, the Big Egg got hatched... That was it.Our Moon
Dancers have been telling us the tales about the Fat Man and
the Little Boy for many years. Tales of the Apocalypse, the last

Bone Gnawers

bi

ithe

ee

times. They said that the Fat Man and the Little Boy would
usher in the last times. And they were sure right! After those
bombs went off in Japan, every Gnawer on the planet knew —
WHAM! That was it, baby! Apocalypse ain't comin' no more.
It's here.. And you better get ready for it.

The ‘50s were a funky time for all of us. Everything
prospered, but the humans' paranoia made it hard for us to
do anything even remotely spooky. We had to watch
ourselves. But even amidst all the paranoia, our Hood gangs
rumbled with the G.W. boys all the time, figurin' out how
we were gonna split the cities.

Wtodern "Cimes

You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,
eryir' all the time. :
You ain't nothin' but a hound dog,
eryin' all the time.
You ain't never caught a rabbit
‘and you ain't no friend o* mine.
—. Elvis Presley; "Hound Dog"
We, along with a whole bunch of scared kids; gave our
blood and bodies for America's stupidity in Vietnam. Gee,
kinda reminds me of what's goin' on down in the Amazon.


But the ‘60s were pretty nice, t6o. | mean, it wasn't all bad.
Camelot, the Great Sociery —— these were things that made
us think the ol' American Drearn totem was still out there
someplace...though soon after that we realized it was his
last gasp. We haven't heard from him since, although some
folks swear they see him from time to time.

The '50s and 760s were a great time for music. Finally
some Bone Gnawer music was getting made. From the hills
of the Hillfolk came our musical savior: Elvis Aaron Presley.
Now, I'm not sayin' that the King was Kinfolk himself, but
from what I hear, he was close. Then Jerry Lee Lewis andthe
Big Bopper. We loved it.

Irememberx the pilgrimage we all madé to Graceland the
day the King died. Now, a lot of folks believe that he faked
his death, and I'm not sayin' that's what happened. But Pll
tell you this: ifhe'd have asked us, we'd have taken him and
set him up anywhere he wanted, no questions asked. We
owed him that, at least.

We reveled in. the cultural revolution of the '60s: we
Bone Gnawers loved hippies. They were real generous, just
as poor as we were, and into "free love." But this didn't last
long. When the '70s hit, things got rough again. Back then,
we didn't know who was running the country: the FBI, the
CIA, the White House, or somebody else. We're still not
sure, come to think of it.

The '70s were a long, confusing but interesting bad
dream of high inflation and Cold War night terrors. Music
was still gettin' made, and it was just as suited to Bone
Gnawers as was the stuff from the "50s and '60s -— maybe
moreso, ‘cause it was nastier. First came the Ramones and
then the Sex Pistols. Guy with a name like Johnny Rotten's
gotta be Kinfolk if anybody is. ‘Course, the rumor is that he
started cuddiin' up to the Giass Walkers later on..: Public
Image Ltd. my ass!

In the ‘80s, Grandpappy Ron got int6 office and started
really puttin' the screws to us. ] remember the day they
opened the floodgates: when they released all the "non-
threatening" mental patients straight onto the city streets.
They went from the hospital ward to the street right away;
the subway grates got so packed that we had to start issuing
mumbers for sleeping spaces.

Crazy dudes, running around the streets, expecting us to
take care of them. We certainly took care of a few of them;
we don't put up with dangerous crazies. Apparently the
mental health community had a different, more forgiving
idea of what was "dangerous." Remember the Ban?

Inearly swallowed my gum when [heard ol Ray-Gun got
reelected. But what the heil, life is funny that way.

Now, in. the 790s, we've become "habitationally chal-
lenged" instead ofhomeless. It's become cool to be homeless.
Everywhere you look there are do-gooders takin' up the
cause. Hell, even President Peanut is out there buildin' us
places to live. God knows I don't want to séem ungrateful.
But CU tell you this: with all this-thud and bluster, how
many homeless do you see gettin' off the streets, off the

sauce, off the smack, off the crack, off welfare? How many ~

do you see actually gettin' helped? Not many.

You see, for all their talk, and all the Children-o-Gaia
style yammerin' about helping us help ourselves, what they
really want is for us to suck up to them, grovel at their feet.
What they really want is to keep us right here, right here in
the shit with everyone else. They keep us down and they
keep us out. Because that's the way it should be, in their
eyes.

That's okay: We'll stay put, stay down and out. Because
the first thing you learn when you're fighting with reeth and
claws is a very simple concept.

It's easier to kill when you strike from below.

Chapter One 241

\ ws


Why do the babies starvé :
When there's enough food to féed the world?
— Tracy Chapman, "Why?"

Listen up, you. puppies! Geezus H. Kéeeeryyyst. You'd
think you boys and girls ain't never seen an old man. Yah,
that is a Buffalo nickel. Nah, you can't have it. Here, give
it back. Now, where were we? Oh, yeah..1'm gonna tell you
about the folks and how we got to be this way.

Perhaps alone among all the Garou, the Bone Gnawers
came to America pursuing a dream. They heard that, in
America, everyone was created equal, that éach and every
person had a chance to get rich. This ideal became known
as the American Dream.

For us, the American Dream was a spirit that promiised us
freedom,.a new self-respect and the ability to start fresh.
Huddled among the thousands of immigrants in places like
New York City and San Francisco, our tribe tried to escape
not only poverty and war, but also the ruthless persecution
of their Garou brethren.

Persecution -

Persecution has always beén a major part of our place
among the Garou. The Bone -Gnawers are always the
trouble that nobody warits ro handle, the stinky problem
that just won't go away. Heh. You know, if it weren't for us,

Chapter Two

I bet those Silver Fangs would have quite'a hard time
finding scapegoats arid whipping boys.

Tknow what you're thinking, puppies. I'm lookin' in your
eyes, and I'm seeing the hate I've seen on the face of every
new Gnawer Uve.come across. Well, you bertrer bire back
that bitter rage just this second, because if a Grandpa ora
Grandma sees you like thar, they've got every right to bite
your ears.

You don't know what it's like, walking into the Silver
Fangs' golden thronerooms with a couple thousand years of
genetic conditioning staring you right in the face.. You
freeze. You can't speak. You can't even breathe. All you
wanna do is bend your neck and get the heck outta there.
That is, unless you want to risk lerting your anger loose, and
then you've got worse trouble. What you got is a bunch of
Ger-o-Fenris bodyguards and maybe Shadow Lord rough-
necks, all of them eager to get points‘in the Silver Fangs'
eyes (oh, they put up a big show, bur we know the
score)...and all of these brutes are gunnin' for you, right
there. Well, you're gonna see Gnawer blood on that nice
white carpet.

os

WW

L


J

La

Sohow dowe fight the wolfin us, the ancient primitive part,
while still keepin' the best part of ourselves, the Garou part?
Well, if had the answer to that question, 1 wouldn't be sittin'
here tryin' to poke wisdom down the throats of a buncha'
puppies who ain't got sense enough to pour piss out of a boot!

That's right, that's what I said. Got your attention, dinnit?

Pil tell you what, puppies, how ‘bout we'try somethin' new.
Like TPH sit down there and you stand up here and tell me
everythir' I need to know about the Gnawers. Any takers?
Huh? ft didn't think so. :

Anyway, it's been years and years and we srill bend our.
necks when we have to, because we ain't got a choice. That
doesn't mean we're stupid or even inferior. It just means the
pretty boys've got the drop on us. On their turf, they're the top
dogs. But here-— here in the city that's a different story. We
own these streets, and maybe now you're startin' to learn why
we stay where we do, why we put up with the crap the other
Garou dish out.

Camps

There are 4 lot of different Boné Gnawers, but we're all
joined by common bonds: our jackal's blood and our pov- ~
erty. Nonetheless, Gnawers like to form themselves into
different groups, or camps, to fight for a common goal or
purpose. The camps of our tribe show folks how different we
are, but don't let that fool you: we're truly one tribe, no
matter how diluted our blood or poor our pedigree.

24 Bone Gnawers

"Che Hood
Pu juste be taking these Huggies...
—_ HL, Raising Arizona

1 told ya'a litrle about the Hood already: they were the
original rob-from-the-rich, give-to-the-poor folks. Well,
chey've made it all the way to America. You can't tell who
they are: the Great Elders have exiled the ones that show
themselves, but thar's just because of the Ban of Man. I've
seerva few and I know one or two, and more righteous Garou
you'll never meet. If one of the Hood gives you 20 bucks tra
buy a pair of shoes, you better damn well buy a pair of shoes,
nota mess of Golden Grain, or he']l come after you and take
the 20 bucks outta your hide. If you want help from the
Hood, you better make sute your kids are in school, learnin'
to read, or they won't help you. They're liable to snatch
your kids, get them to a foster home or the like. They're do-
gooders. They don't always know the right thing to do, but
they've become pretty good at it over the years. They can
sense a fish story when they hear one.

The nice thing is, though, if you got trouble of the mean
kind, the Hood will step in and speak to your loan shark, or
your landlord, or your "protection" service.'They speak the
language of the streets well and fluently, and without much

hubbub.

L


"he Doice of the Hood Speaks

Okay, the way I see it, it's like this: It's about three stories

straight down. The Hudson's a little chilly this time of year."

Bither you get your butt back into that school, sit it down and
learn somethin', or I'm going to teach you somethin' myself.
Teach you how to fly, capiche? Now don't make me throw trash
offa this bridge.

(Deserters

We gotta get out of this place,
If it's the last thing we ever do
We gotta get out of this place,
‘Cuz girl there's a better life
For me an' -you.

—~ The Animals; "We Gotta Get Mut of This

Place"

Now, among every group you got your loonies. I tell ya,
there's some Gnawers out there who are playin' a few cards
short of a full deck. That's okay, though. It takes all kinds.
The Deserters are just this kind. They wander around the
world lookin' for secret portals, gateways, openings to other
worlds. They spend more time in the Umbra than any other
Bone Gnawers ever have, bécause they want to "jump ship"
and find some other world to live in.

Don't get me wrong, I think everyone should have a goal.
I just think they're shootin' for the stars when they should be
lookin' for their next meal. These folks usually don't make
Grandma or Grandpa status, .or even Mom or Pop status.
‘They're more interested in sniffin' out brave mew worlds than
in collectin' cool Stuff. Alchough I must admit, | once got a
glowin' rock from one of ‘em -——~ a pretty good trade.

Sometimes their hunting is infectious. [ve seen perfectly
sane Gnawers go off with a group of Deserters, roamin' the
Umbra lookin' for Paradise or the Gnawer Homeland or what-
have-you. They have a way of talkin' that makes you wonder
what's beyond that far-off horizon. Makes you wonder what
other worlds are out there for us to find.

As far-as I can tell, Deserters form highly specialized

packs: each member of the "company" has a job to do, and .

all do their jobs well.

A CDeserter Captain Speaks

Space? Fah: The Umbra is our final frontier. Far beyond the
skin of the Near Umbra, the Deep Umbra awaits us. We must
find the technology, the spirits, the fetishes and the Garou who
are brave enough to go where no Garou has gone before. Do you
have what it takes to look at the yawning chasm of infiniry
without faltering before its dreadful, one-eyed gaze?

"he Barking Chain

Composed mainly of wild street dogs, domesticated
house pets and a few runaway wolves, the Barking
Chain is the way the Bone Gnawers keep abreast of
changing events in the city. It is separate from the Rat
Finks' information network; the Barking. Chain is
organized by Bone Gnawer Galliards. .

One dog, upon discovering interesting information,
barks a series of high-pitched, loud barks to the next
dog in the line. These yips, woofs and howls all mean
something to the dogs, and each dog in return begins
to bark to the next dog in the Chain. Eventually the
information filters its way through the city and usually
out to the countryside as well. Bone Gnawers have
often been warned of the approach of the Wyrm by the
Barking Chain.

. Only the Bone Gnawers cari truly understand or
‘benefit from this information.

Rat Finks

Invisible transfers. Long-distance calls.

Hollow laughter in marble hails

Steps have been taken. A. silent uproar

Has unleashed the Dogs of War.

o— Pink Floyd, "The Dogs of War"

‘The Finks compose what is probably the most effective
intelligence-gathering organization ever. They are made
up of all the lower-class employees who are forgotten,
ignored and overlooked: the janitors, custodians, mainte-
nance workers, garbage collectors, clerks, runners, waiters,
busboys, dock workers and even, to sore extent, secretaries
and receptionists: They keep a continuous lookout for
interesting information..They exchange data via faxes,
homing pigeons, secret codes scribbled onto matchbooks,
one-word coded phone calls, personal ads with special
phrases in them, school-age children with notes pinned to
their coats; voice mail and more. ...-

Special fetishes, rites and Gifts help them process and
obtain their information. Who is going to question a clerk
photocopying some documents — even if those documents
are the private correspondence of a Pentex Board Member.
Bone Gnawers are socially invisible.

It was the Finks who warned us when the G.W. did their
pull-out, and it's the Finks who keep the G.W.. from
knowing everything about our tribe today, especially where
our secret, hidden caerns are. They'd try and take them
from us, sure as wolves stink. We owe a lot to them.

They're the ones who are best buddies with the Sewer
Rats, the Nosferatu. Most Nosferatu ignore Garou, but the
Finks and the Nosferatu have been working in the same
places for so long that each has become a natural extension
of the other's spy ring.

Chapter Two 25

wy

WW

L


A Fink Finks

I know what you're saying: what we do technically violates
the Litany, hangin' out with Leeches-. look, I don't like the way
they smell any more than youdo. But they' ve got what we need.
Besides, we don't smell too good to them either.

What do I do? Well, I'm a janitor. Excuse me, a sanitation
engineer. I'm the easily ignored guy, the one that cleans up the
crap you leave behind. That's okay, though. Don't go thinking
that I don'tlike what I do; llove my job. Where else'can you find
out things no one else knows, and make sure certain people get
punished for their crimes? Heck, I'm having a great time.

Frankweilers

Ah, my own camp: One of the things the other Garou
have always said about us is that we're stupid. We ain't got
no culture. Well, that's just totally untrue. There are those
of us who've been living in art galleries, museums, crypts,
vaults, churches, temples, libraries, auditoriums, theaters
and other repositories of art or culture. These vast places of
culture, once deserted, are as lonely as we are.

Someone named -us Frankweilers after a book about kids
who live in a museum after hours: The Wingers (after the
various: wings of museurns) are those of us who study one
area of art or science, while the Waxers (named after wax

y
THM
"4

Z

% pid Y
py Git ¥
Gy y

‘4

museurs) are those who are lost in studyin' history. An-
other group is the Bookworms, who like to gnaw on tomes
instead of bones. I tell you, there is no greater feeling than
wrapping your paws around some ancient tome and reading
it aloud to your buddies in its original language.

We see ourselves as educators as well as scholars. We go
out among the communities and try to establish literacy
classes and English-as-second-language classes. Some also
help people with their taxes, and quite a few Frankweilers
are darnn good lawyers nice when you get in ascrape with
the cops. .

A Frankweiler Speaks

We live like kings amiongst the darkness of the museum. Last
night, I slept on King Henry VI's wedding bed. I believe I'll go
down and review the troupe of knights that I have assembled in
the basement. There are parts of the museum that 1 guard, not
becaitse someorie told me to, but because 1 love what's there. For
example,.there's a sliver of moon rock (actually, .a pretty
powerful fetish, although unformed) that I like to watch over. I
love the fountains and the sculptures, and I especially love the
fall, when the museums give their autumn exhibits and have huge
receptions to kick. off their winter programs. Hey, can you pass
a@ watercress sandwich? Thanks:

NWA


Wt hrs:
MY)

a " ANN AR:
\\

WManeaters

In the howling wind cores a stinging rain

See it driving nails into souls on the tree of pain

From the firefly, a red-orange glow

See the face of fear running scared in the valley below.

~— U2,-"Bullet the Blue Sky" ; ;

There are those of us who lose it, brothers and sisters. I
téll you now and I tell you true: you gotta watch your
hunger. Go to'a soup kitchen. Scare the shit dutta some hot
dog vendor. Do somethin', but damn it, don't let yourself
get too hungry. ‘Cause once you get a taste of two-legged
turkey, hairy hamburger or charnel chicken, you won't be
able to give it up easy. Just like the smack, crack and booze,
human flesh is hard to beat. It's tasty, folks; but nothin' wili
get the Wyrm after you faster. That's why we got the Ban.
We've lost too many Garou to the Manflesh Bane that
inhabits you once you get too much. : :

Mind you, when we find these rabid dogs, we kill‘em. OF
course, the problem is, there's not many good ways to tell
when a Garou has eaten a human, unless you.catch them
playing with their food, or having a finger sandwich, if you
know what I mean? So, the old folks got together and found
away todo a rite to sense the presence of human beans in
your diet. They put their mojo on you and all the human
flesh you've eaten will start comin' right back up — big
gobbets of greasy, bloody flesh, hacked up on the ground. It
ain't pretty, but it's failsafe.

2 = = at

A Waneater Speaks

We Garou, we're the top of the Gaia-damned food chain;
ain't we? Ain't we got the right to rule over these two-legged
sheep that flee from us? We're predators, they're prey. It's that
damn simple. You can-smelLit on the wind, you can smell it on
their bodies: they smell like sheep. Sheep that tastes darnn good.
So, yah, I don't care about the humans and I'll have my share
of human flesh from ary killmy pack makes. I love it! Eatin' the
heart 0' ya enemies makes ya stronger!

Hillfolk —

You look around you and you'll seé the truth: wherever
there are poverty; depression. and the need for a strong will,
there are the Bone Gnawers. We traveled with our Kinfolk
wherever they went, and we've learned a thing or two about
living outside cities." - J. : .

The Hillfoiks are the Garou who learned how to live and
survive in the wilds. A lot of them live in north Georgia,
Tennessee, the Carolinas and anywhere there are moun-
tains. They like mountains because they're out-of-the-way
enough to do the thing they love best: make moonshine.
They have these big stills they protect with the Delirium,
though they distribute only to Kinfolk and other Garou.
Their booze is strongest om the new moon, it's said.

They're a nice bunch of folks, mostly Kinfolk these days.
The last time 1 visited the Hillfolks | was surprised to see a

Red Talon and a Fianna coolin' their heels on the front

Chapter Two 27

L

porch of the cabin. They do'get along fairly well, although
the Talon didn't seem to take too kindly to me.

Aclot of our cubs are vurned out to the country for their
Rite of Passage, and several Hillfolk caernis exist solely asa
way to keep a Rite of Passage area open. The most famous
of these is high in the Appalachian mountains, in a valley
that's nearly impassable on all sides.

A Hillfolk Harangues

Call me a hillbilly, go ahead.All I want to do is to make my
‘shine, farm these hills, and avoid the revenuers. I don't think
that's askin' too much. I don't wanna be rich ; I justwant my fair
share. But you know what? It just don't pay to be a farmer no
more. I had 20 head o' cattle before spring of last year and now
I got five. They keep dyin', and they keep gettin' born with tao
heads or no tail, and the Enquirer just don't pay enough for
pictures 0' these to make up for ‘em. The gov'mint keeps saying
they're gonna subsidize, but there probably wort be anythin'
left for them to subsidize in a few months. Ah, damn.

What's that? A black car...could be arevener, abill collector,
or the bank itself...ain't no good gonna come of it. Here boy,
take this shotgun.-.

28 Bone Gunawers

. yee
SI np . .

"he Cotems of the
Ceust

There's powers, and then there's powers. Sometimes, the
power company ain't the only one with Power. Sometimes,
there's things beyond what you can see and taste, spirits that
watch over us and take care of us. Let me tell ya about them.

Rat

Now, you might be sayin' to yourself: here we aré,
worshippin' adamned rat. A rodent. A filthy, slimy, squeaky
thing that likes to bite people and spread disease. Well, the
first thing I have to say to ya is this: at least!! it ain't!! a
cockroach!!! Okay? You dig? Now, a rat is a smart animal.
Smartest in the world. Why do you think they get chosen
for all those scientific tests? Not because they're stupid.
They're smart; they know how to survive. And that's what
Rat'll teach you, boys and girls, if you can get over your fear
of her.

What's that, you say? You didn't know she was a she?
Well, there you go. Learn somethin' new every day. She's
the great Mother of Rats, the grand preggers Rat that
squeezes out all the other Rats in the world, especially the
Ratkin.


Qur earliest records show us following Rat. She's in our
histories and tales, our artwork and our crafts. She bade us
multiply and we did. We still do. She. teaches us about
ourselves, asking us to live in new places and take on new
identities.-She visits us often, but we don't worship her.
Wre're like fans of hers; we like her,-but we wouldn't die for
her. Well, now, if it was-important, we might. But-she'd
never ask us for that. She wants us to live, live long and
interesting lives. And she wants to lead us to Paradise, away
from the oppression and suffering in Gaia, where none of us
will éver be hungry or cold or lonely again.

You see, boys and girls, Rat is always watching you.
That's why your Garou Mom and Pop know what you've
been doin', know what trouble you got into. You remember
that next time you plan foolishness. It's not hard to find
rats; Just go to a trashpile and furz around. You'll find them
pretty soon. Uniless someone done somethin' around there
to kill ‘em off. Rat will speak to you through any rat, or
through any rodent, really. 1. remember hearing about
someone havin' a great conversation with Rat through a
little bunny rabbit. Awww, ain't thar cute?

There's a few things you need to remember about Rat.
First of all, Rat-don't like folks killing off her children.
Second ofall, Rat knows everything. I mean everything! If
it's to know, Rat knows it, because her children are every-
where and they hear everything. Third of all, and most
important, Rat has a long, long, looooong memory. "And
she ain't the forgivin' type. So if you screw her over, you're
likely to find rats doggin' your steps for the rest of your days.
Remember the Black Plague? Well, now, there you go.

Che American CDream

The American Dream is still alive, we think. He's been
sighted in a tiny Midwestern town just this past surmmer,
amongst folks helpin' to clean up a destroyed town. He's
been heard on the Staten Island Ferry, howlin' into the
wind. He's been seen cryin' in the birth wards of crack
babies. He's been seen (and smelled!) drunk and stoned out
of his mind on the steps of the Capitol. You just gorra know
where to look'and what.to look for. Of course, Elvis is
sighted all the time:..maybe they hang out together. Ifyou
ever see a starving man wearing a bloody T-shirt, blue jeans
and a rubber raincoat, with eyes like a scream waiting to
happen, you'll know you've seen him. Watch out though —
he's considered armed and extremely dangerous. Who
knows? Get him his fix and you might have a friend for life.

he Soul of the City

We live right next to the soul of the city. You éan'see it
from here. Look down, right there, right into that pit. You,
see that light? The G.W., they callitthe "Ciry Facher"... but
it aim't the daddy of the city. It's the soul of ir.. Look
there...you see that man down there, with his beat-up ol'
hat, his Playbill, his white scarf? Or that one, smokin' a
stogie and laughin'? Here, let me have that box. Yeah, I

H
i
1

Chapter Two

know you don't like Sinatra, but you're just gonna have to
deal. Lisren rhere.. You can hear ol' Frank singin' along with
his buddy...Frank, yah, that's him... New York. Listen to
him. Crazy bastard. Here, gimme that hot dog and pass the
scotch. ‘This one's for you, Frankie!!!

Che Crashpile

Icall her Gulietta, "cuz that's the nameshe told me. She's
bee-yoo-tee-full, but you gotta come to see that kind'a
beauty..It grows on ya. Hell, Gulietta grows on ya...Heh.
Literally —~ I got some fungus here on my arm..-heh, heh,
heh. Some folks, they thought she was of the Wyrm, and I
just laughed. Shé's nothin' of the kind. She's just a thing
that happens, happens when enough folks throw their trash
down where it shouldn't go. Except this time,.there was
somethin'...somethin' magic in the air, somethin' beside
the sweat and cheap perfume of the whores on the street or
the fresh blood from the muggers' victirns, somethin' magic
and powerful that made all this trash wake up and start ta
talk, to smile up at the moon, smile with aluminum-can
teeth, used-condom hair and bright pop-bottle eyes.

She's down there, boy, waitin' for ya. Knows you're comin'.
What're you afraid of, boy? Afraid Madame Gulietta's gonna
swallow you whole and burp?She might, that's for sure. But she
kriows all, sees all, and I bet you can't resist askin' her a
question. Now, she doesn't ask for a kiss from everyone
anymore, not since I started spendin' the night with her. So
you might get away with that box of stale doughnuts and that
half-drunk bottle of champagne. Go on, boy. Ask your ques-
tion. She knows all, sees all. What have you got to lose?


Everything You Wanted
to Know about Bone

Gnawer Wating,
Were Afraid to As

Look, folks, it ain't no mystery. One reason we're friends
with Rat is because we're about as fertile as she is. I tell ya,
folks, we Gnawers squeeze out those cubs pretry quickly.

I remember hearing about the time just after the
Impergium, when a group of Silver Fangs wanted to impose
birth control on us, wanted to brand us with some sort of
Rite of Infertility so our kind wouldn't breed and take over
the rest of the world. Well, we wouldn't do thar. But they
got their pound of flesh anyway, by reducing our population
in other ways.

So, the first thing you gotta learn about us and our
breeding is that we do it a lot! Not all of us can afford birth
control, and when you've gotta choose between eating a
decent meal and buying condoms, well, what are ya gonna
do? More than that, though, we're just a fertile bunch. Our
bitches breed really well. Most Garou mothers have trouble
swith the spirits and the rage being born within them when
they're makin' a Garou baby. Well, folks, PUL tell you this:
our women just smile a lot, eat-more, and get a lot more
demandin'.

Among true Bone Gnawer folk, we follow the mother's
side of the family; you're the son of Felicia, not the son of
Rastus. Still, for human society, we change things around
so that it's not a hassle.

Now I know you're gonna be shocked by this, but I have
to talk about it..It's about metis..1 guess you see many
middle-breed here among us. That's because we didn't vote
on that part of the Litany. We didn't agree to it and we ain't
gonna honor it. We'll mate with whomever we damn
please, and the rest of the Garou can go screw themselves.
Oops! I guess they won't be doin' that, now will they? Heh.
Well, ya gotta understand, you still sleep with your own
kind. But frankly, we need every Garou we can get, and if
there'll be a baby Garou when two Garou mate, then that's
what we'll do.

Birthdays are important among the Gnawers. Except we
do it backwards from everyone else: if it's your birthday, you
give away neat stuff to everyone you know. Except it's
totally rude to ask for something for a birthday present.
People who do are likely not to get a single thing. The only
time the birthday Garou doesn't give stuff away is her actual
Birthday, the first day of her life. lf she's born to knowin'
Kinfolk, then Garou from all around gather and give her
presents from their neatest stuff. ‘These first days are often
the best days for thar little baby's life; ‘cause after that
things get rougher.

By the way, a Gnawer marriage is one of the only other titties
we give gifts without expecting one in return. Marriages are

30 Bone Gnawers

Meee rie

wild, extensive, expensive and heavily attended affairs; where
the food is free and the booze flows far and wide. You're
expected to feed every Gnawer that shows up; in exchange, he
has to bring ya somethin' that'll actually be of use in your new
life -— not a toaster or anythin'. Some things people like togive
are secret locations of food stashes, the keys to a building with
an indoor pool, or even money. The custom is, ifhe comes and
eats your food and doesn't bring a present, he has to babysit
your first baby whenever you want for a month. That tends to
dissuade people. Of course, there's some dogs that. I wouldn't
let mear my first kid.

If you take a minute and look at a Bone Gnawer family,
you'll come to understand what we're about... You see, a
Bone Gnawer family is more like a pack than anything else;
all the people are there because they want to be. You got
young runaways, bums, drunks, hookers, addicts, street kids
and all kinds of folks in your family, because that's how you
survive. That's how you live in this hell that humans have
created: you band together with your family. And they're
sometimes more important to you than your pack.

Now, 'm not saying that these families are all in-the-
know; most of them aren't. And, technically, it is away to
get around the Ban of Man; Gnawer precedents allow
family members to be excluded from rhe Ban. They just
don't define what a family is, and that's good for some of us.
My good buddy Blackbomb runs ashelter in the Bronx, and
everyone who lives there is his family.

The Breeds

When paradise is no longer fit for you to live in

And your adolescent dreams are gone

Through the days you feel a little used up

And you don't know where your energy's gone wrorig.
~—John Mellencamp, "Between a Laugh and a Tear"

Homio

Te's no big secret that the homids are-~what make the
world g6 around, right? Well, folks, there are a lot of homids
among us. In fact, most of us are homids. Soom there'll beno
more lupus left. That's because homids just get along better.
Maybe it's narure's way.

Metis

Well, now, the metis. Most Garou tribes hate theit métis
babies. I tell you this: they aren't pretty, but they're hardy
as hell. You gotta admire all that spit and vinegar. And
they're usually pretty damn smart, too. You teach a metis
somethin', he'll usually learn it right away. Some folks say
metis are of the Wyrm; ve known too many of them to
believe thar. It's acrock. Go out among them, find out what
they think, how they live. Because rhey're our hope, our
last, best hope. With them to swell our ranks, we might get
a chance at beating the Wyrm.

WY

—
%
7


Lupus

Alley hounds. Street mutts. Junkyard dogs. That's what
we've come to. Our lupus ain't really wolves any more, no
more than men are apes. We're urban dwellers, railored by
and for our environment. We've devéloped smaller bodies
and wagging tails to get food from humans without scaring
them. We've kept our wolf senses and léarmed to smell
through the grime to find that scrap of discarded food.

There aren't many Bone Gnawer lupus, but we treat
those that we find just like any other Garou. We train ‘em
as humans, teach ‘em to talk human talk, and even help‘em
get started in the human world. Rat has even started
personally attending the Rites of Passage in which lupus
participate, though I'm not sure why.

Qites

Corisume more than you need

This is the dream

Make you pauper

Or make you queen

I won't die lonely

Tl have all prearranged

A grave that's deep and widé enough

For me and all my mountains o' things: :

— Tracy Chapman, "Mountains ©' Things"

(An excerpt from the diary of "Walks Among Equals," aka
Sarah Walker, a Children of Gaia Theurge)

Rites among the practical Bone Gnawers are limited. They
seldom stand on much ceremony. Their moots are disorga-
nized and spontaneous things, almost mob scenes c¢ormpared to
the highly structured Glass Walker or Stargazer moots.. My
friend Rat's-Ass sniffed the air once, twice, and then howled
in the night...and was off. [had to shift to Lupus just to follow
him.

We took off down a series of stairs, subway tunnels and back
alleys. Il would've been afraid for my life if ic weren't for Rat's-
Ass, who had the traditional Ahrounknight-in-shining-armor
complex. I was surprised by the sound of banging steel in the
secret garden we'd suddenly come upon: the Galliards were all
there. They were as serious as any I've seen, even though they
pounded on rusting steel rather than stretched deerhide. Their
music was powerful and hard and full of a thousand rhythms.
Imust say I was impressed. I often listen to industrial music, but
this "modern primitive". Bone Gnawer drumming took my
breath away.

I was allowed into the caern, since I'd been srmiart enough to
bring my Bone Gnawer bag that evening. In it were chocolate
bars, bubble gum packs, a bunch of comic books, trading cards,
and a National Enquirer for the sept leader. I always love™~
watching Gnawers creep up slowly and ask under their breath
if [have anything for them, like dogs approaching a stranger
with food. But they didn'thave to ask; lalways end up dumping
out the bag, and that's what I did this evening.

After the flurry of activity died down, someone pulled out
a Depeche Mode CD I'd left in there, and there wasachallenge
over it. l was arnazed at how quickly it wasresolved. Aftera few
minutes of arguing, the Mother stepped in, pinched both of
their ears and snapped the (CD in rwo, giving half to one and
half to the other. That seemed to satisfy them even as it
mystified me. I was a little upset until she gave me a radio-mix
CD of the same album and told me that I was good to be patient
with them. Except for a Moot Rite, I saw no other rites being
cast that evening. I think that the Gnawer conventional
wisdom on. rites is, "Do the work first, the rite second." If
something cannot be done with your own two hands, then a
rite isn't going to heip you get it done.

An. exception, of course, is their just and yet horribly
effective Black Ball rite. It is a nonviolent way to discipline
someone who breaks their laws, although its effects are devas-
tating. The Black Ball is affixed around an offending Garou's
neck; it is usually an actual eight-ball from a pool table. ‘The
Ball is a fetish, visible in whatever form the victim wears.

No Bone Gnawer (or Kin of the Rat, for that matter) will
aid or harbor such a one. The offender must survive on her
own. Usually the recipient statves very quickly. 've seen a
Mother go and rescind the Black Ball, but it's rare.

Another rite that I have long wished I could witness is the

Rite of the Grand Dance. ] am not entirely sure what this rite -

consists of, but I can make afew guesses. I believe it issome kind
of costume ball for Bone Gnawers only. It has something todo
with fantasy or science fiction. I know that a full orchestra is
hired for each Grand Dance.

So, anyway, there 1 was, ata Bone Gnawer moot. Things
progressed along the lines that most moots do, except the
atmosphere was much more relaxed; there weren't many folks
concerned about getting axed or killed off. In the city, every-
thing is always business as usual.

Well, usually. This night, though, there was a lot of talk.
Someone had been killing the sept's cubs ——~ the Gnawers
suspected a werewolf hunter named Samuel Haight,-one the
Silent Striders had heard was active in the Amazon. Others
had heard that it was Lord Dread, a Sabbat werewolf hunter
with a terrible Banesword.

I saw the active leadership of the Gnawers in action: the
Mothers and Fathers ordered that teams of scouts be sent tothe
areas of the murders, there to interrogate the urban spirits and
find out who was killing the cubs.

Their voices were harsh, their derneanor concerned, their
manner quick and businesslike. They didn't even seer scared
or worried. Later, lasked why. Rat's-Asstold me that it was bad
form for a leader to show concern; it meant that she was
worried about the outcomé and not willing to trust in her
packs. This surprised me; they seémed so practical, up-front
and honest in all other matters —— why not in their fear? Rat's-
Ass said that fear was a real spirit to the Bone Gnawers. Once
you let it get to you, you're doomed. You can't afford a second
of fear when you might be fighting for your life at any moment.
Thad to agree, having seen the things I've seen in Manhattan.

Chapter Two 31

Ce IP

bl

WW

L


SPARE

Gone Gnawer
«

Celebrations

"Play?" said Templeton, twirling his whiskers:

"Play? TI hardly know the meaning of the word...I never do
those things if I can avoid them. I prefer to spend my time eating,
gnawing, spying and hiding. I_am a glutton,.but not a
merrymaker."

— EB. White, "Charlotte's Web"

CE talked to Francois laRoche, a Cajun Bone Gnawer
Galliard from New Orleans. He wanted to talk about Bone
Gnawer fun. Here's a transcript.) .

It's true, cher, in the business of survival you don't get a
day off! But still, sometimes, survival is more about keepin'
your mind right than it is about keepin' your innards warm.
So, sometimes, just sometimes mind you, we have fun.
What do we do? Well, lemme see....

I remember one time we had an Old Dawg Ball, Le
Grande Danse. That's when/all the Gnawers in the area
(from as far away as folks can hitch, run or Moon Bridge) gét
together and party. We spent three days getting ready:
makin' costumes, building a still and gettin' it goin', and
finding a good place. Then, on the night of the full moon,
we brung out the buckets of moonshine,-donned our cos-

32 Bone Gnawers

tumes, and become all the local Garou for the night: One
of us was elected Chief Muckety-Muck and dressed up like
the local Caern Warder, and the rest of us adopted a hoity-
toity local Garou to "become." Some of the: more
good-humored Garou from the area were invited, and the
entire evening celebration ended ina full-blown, no-holds-
barred, raucous revel, which left the Veil in tatters and
caused the Silver Fangs indigestion for weeks on end.

One thing that's fun in New York is Subway Surfin'. We
climb up on the catwalks and ledges over a subway station,
just before a tunnel. Then we jump on the train, crouch
down low and ride it as long as we can. It's fun! And it gets
you places. Glabro form is good for this, but don't try to go
to Crinos — you'll bend the roof!

Every spring, almost every Bone Gnawert city sponsors an
annual Hide and Go Seek, open only to local Ahrouns of
evety tribe. One of the Grandfathers or Grandmothers
brings out one or two ancient and valuable things, donating
them tothe hunt. The best Ragabash in the city then hides
them in the most ingenious places. The Ahrouns havea full
day and night to find the things, but on the morning of the
second day, all bets are off. The winner of the contest is
either the Ragabash who hid the things so well, or the
Ahrouns who were smart (or persistent!) enough to find
them.

I remember Runs-Without-Shoes,an-Ahroun with a
particularly masochistic bent, who was bound and deter-
mined to find a First Edition Elvis Collector's Plate, signed
and numbered from the Jefferson Mint. The Grandpa gave
it to ACME, a Ragabash with a reputation for extreme
resourcefulness.

Runs-Without-Shoes tracked down the plate over fields
of shattered glass, across parking lors filled with oily goo,
and over sharp pointy gravel railbeds, finally arriving at the
Municipal Police Stables. There, buried under a pile of the
freshest manure, was the plate, which was none the worse
for wear. Of course, the Ragabash had his fun: he had
convinced the spirit of the manure to stick to the Ahroun's
famous bare feet; the Ahroun was,.for a time, renamed
"Runs-Without-Friends."

In short, we play hard, but that's because our stakes are
so big. :

Che Litany

("A Brief Report on the Various Violations of the Litany
Witnessed by Anwar Huskar, Shadow Lord inservice to the
Concolation of Morningkill's Court.")

My Lords, I have the distinct displeasure to teport a
number of violations of the Litany by those we have come
to know as Bone Gnawers. As you remember, it is by the
Silver Fangs' grace that they are considered a tribe at all,
instead of the positively Wyrm-ridden, rag-tag mob that
actually exists: During my time among them, I discovered
that it was extremely difficult to gain an audience with their
leaders or elders —~ in some cases, I wasn't entirely con-
vinced that elders or leaders were available..Many times, I
felt the Bone Gnawers were operating totally alone and
without guidance from any higher source.

I submit this list of violations to you in hopes that you
will find sufficient evidence to revoke the Bone Gnawers'
rights as Garou and assign a team of Shadow Lord counse-
lors to help them integrate into the society of the Garou in
a more useful and productive fashion. I shall delineate their
violations of the Litany one by one:

Garou Shall Yet Wtlate with Garou

This element of the Litany is ignored with impunity. In
fact, I found Bone Gnawer lovers on many occasions,
charachs who openly adore each other, evén in their moots.
To my disgust, I found that the metis thus created are
coddied and made to feel part of the tribe instead of being
informed of their corrupted stare: When I tried to discuss
this topic with their chieftain, she produced her Garou
husband and told me to do something that is highly immprob-
able and not worthy of repeating in this report.

My lords, ifnothing else, this one violation should certainly
be enough to justify a purge of the Bone Gnawers. Unfortu-
nately, I found a number of other Litany violations. It is no
wonder that the Litany is rarely sung at Bone Gnawer moots;
perhaps if it were, I would be writing a different report.

Combat the Wyrm Wherever Jt
Dwells and Wherever Jt Breeds

Bone Gnawer ¢owardice is legendaty, my lords: During
the time I spent among the Bone Gnawers, I saw them
interact with the Wyrm-ridden Ratkin (yes, my lords, the
wererats of old are still around) and several Leeches, includ-
ing one foul individual named Tiffany who was clearly a
vampire, for she had a monstrous countenance and scaly
skin...Still, these Wyrmspawn were tolerated and even
honored in the Gnawers' moots! The Gnawers are quite
Wyrm-ridden.. I cannot stomach another hour in their
presence.

Respect the Cerritory of Another

‘They seem to respect territory, although they are noto-
rious thieves, milords. I have myself been thieved while
under their hospitality: my Rolex warch was taken, along
with my memory of it. lonly remembered it when I left to
go to the airport and looked at my wrist for the time. I have
still not received it back, even after repeated requests that
the sept give it up.

Accept an Honorable Surrender

‘This is 4 joke. ''m sure if someone weré lowly enough to
be defeated by Bone Gnawers, they may accept his surren-
der. I don't doubt, however, that they would constantly
harry him from then on, as wild dogs and street mutts do
after defeating an intruder.

Submission to Chose of Higher Station

Teannot fault their outward demeanors in this particular
atea: truly, they do submit to one's rightful power. How-
ever, it is as if they do not truly respect that power and are
only "going through the motions" of respect. They lick my
boots and fawn, but when I am away, I find graffiti on the
walls with my name on it. ] feel that they take this part of
the Litany about as seriously as they do the rest of it, and
that we should take steps to show them true respect for us.

Che First Share of the Kill for the
Greatest in Station

When I was atnong them, they often complained bitterly
when they were "forced" to supply me with sustenance for
an evening. They loudly debated who would get what
among the food-findings that had been gathered. Of course,
they also took ro describing in detail where they had gotten
the food: out of this trash bin or that dirty cardboard box.
So repulsed was I that I ordered my dinner from my car
phone instead. _

QGespect for Chose beneath Ye — All
Are of Gaia.

Their cubs and their underlings know no rest, my lords.
In order to maintain their paltry status in the tribe, they are

Chapter Two 33

YAY

Ly


forced to work long hours hunting for food, breaking into
secret warehouses and otherwise scavenging for the tribe. 1
feel that this in and of itself is a violation of this part of the
Litany: they do not even train their children to read. And
they certainly don't show respect to the other tribes who
live near them. Oh, this is‘a terrible shame to behold, great
Silver Fangs!

The Veil Shall Not Be Lifted

Often they wander about the city in their Lupus forris.
I consider this a flagrant breach of the Veil. They may look
like large dogs, but I fear that one day a passing biologist will
notice their definite wolfen features and become curious!

(Do Not Suffer Chy People to Tend
Thy Sickness

I understand that, in the past, it was. the custom to
euthanize all the elder Bone Gnawers before they became
hazards to the tribe. But in these more fertile days, it seerns
that the custom is to make the eldest Bone Gnawers rhe
leaders of the tribe. They even call them "Grandmothers"
and "Grandfathers." I feel that they have learned special
rites and Gifts to allow their elders to continue living. The
few Grandmothers ve seen are reportedly 200 or more
years old, and I cannot believe that they do not hinder the
tribe when it comes time for a fight.

Che Leader May Not Be Challenged
ouring Wartime

Their leaders are never challenged, except perhaps
through some strange, complex series of trading and rnate-
rial accumulation. I feel they have -totally lost. the
understanding of what it means to be at war, and that they
will continue to play their silly games of material exchange
until the Wyrm eats us all!

Ye Shall Cake No Action That Causes
a Caern to Be Violated

lonly wait, milords, for news to reach me of a Bone
Gnawer desecrating a caern. Truly, they have no respect for
the sacred sites. Surely, you cansee from my report that they
are not worthy to continue being recognized as a full tribe
in the Nation of Garou. °

My suggestion to you, milords, is that you authorize me
to begin a systematic program of integration, with the
Shadow Lords appointed custodians of the whole grouping.
We shall take these Garou, reeducate them, and weed out
the weakest and the most Wyrm-ridden..Soon we shall
have a new tribe of Bone Lords who, alongside their
patrons, will defeat the Wyrm and all of its manifestation
with dispatch and great fervor.

I await your decision with the utmost in patience,
humility and respect for your honored wisdom.

ONote, scribbled on the end: Hey, Bernié! Check this
shit out! Oh well, looks like anorher great idea bites the
dust. Could you see that this note is suitably shredded? That
is, after ya finish laughin'? We want something to include
with Milord Huskar's ashes. Thanks. —— Moxie)

"he Way of Qulership

Our elders are réspectéed by us. You know why? Because,
daroan it, they can kick our lazy butts. Furthermore, they've
been around the longest. That's what elder means. They've
survived lotsa stuff that we only hear about. For a Bone
Gnawer, just puttin' in-another year of life means that
you've got some sense in your head. Thing of it is; you don't
get anywhere in the ladder of the Bone Gnawers by being
stupid, and you don't get anywhere by being stingy.. The
more Gnawers you feed, the more points you get. The more
Stuff ya got, the more people like you. That's the Bone
Gnawer way.

Zen and the Art of Stulf

Whar is "Stuff? Well, it's a little berrer than shit, and it's
a little worse than loot. It's Stuff. You know, neat things
that don't necéssarily -have any innate -value

except...well...chey're cool. Like this thing —~ a wrist-
watch. Take away the fact that it's a Rolex, and it's shit:
Take away the nifty engraving on the back ——- "To my

darling J.T.; with love, Shell" — and it's trash. If it worked,
hell, it'd be -loot, engravin' "or no..I can tell you, any
pawnshop on 42nd Street would take this off my hands if it
worked. But it's pretty, and it's cool...and it's also Stuff. 1
guess Stuff is like porn —~ I don't know how to describe it,
but I know it when I sée it. :

Our elders have the best Stuff. Of course, once you're an
elder, folks start bringin' ya Stuff; when you're young you
gotta scrounge for it. That's why most of us get off our butts
and go runnin' around the world with other Garou: to find
neat Stuff, bring it back to the ol' stompin' grounds, and set
themselves up as the Satraps of 22nd Street.

Everybody Eats... Even Jf Jt
Js Only WMtacaroni rn' Cheez

You gotta feed people. This doesn't take much, just a
little ingenuity, a lot of commandin' and a little bit of luck.
The more folks you feed, the more you rise in respect. Pretty
soon people are callin' you Momma or Poppa without you
even realizin' it. Then you start callin' yourself Momma or
Poppa, and before you know it, you're a bona-fide elder.
That's how it happens. There ain't no great ceremony.
There ain't no ticker-tape parade. It just happens. Happens
by mutual agreernent of every Bone Gnawer who knows
you. If you got the title, you've earned it. Of course, there's
always those who call themselves Momrma or Poppa who

34 Bone Gnawers

AW

Ly


«Al

didn't earn it. Either rhose folks don't last very lorig or they
actually start walkin' their talk.

That's it. Plain and simple. If a Moimma teHs you to do
somethin', you do it, dammit, arid don't ask questions. lia
Poppa asks you to jump, you ask how high on the way up!
But they'll protect you, keep you safe, and make sure that
the jerks in the other tribes don't screw you over, and that's
Gaia's truth.

Now, you might be thinkin' that means the Mommas
and the Poppas are all big-muckety-mucks who push folks

around, and that ain't necessarily so. We have'a mutual
respect. We young ‘uns give ther our all, and the elders,
well, they don't get om our backs at every little thing. They
don't sweat the small sruff. But don't think they don't watch
us, and don't think that they don't know what we do, just
because they ain't callin' us down and makin' us toe the line
every time we break arule. They save their mighty wrath for
the big deals, the really large screw-ups, and then — oooh
baby! You don't wanna be around. You gonna wish your
Momma wereri't never born!

\ we


Now we'll all be at his mercy

If he decides to huntus down

‘Cause there ain't no place to run to

"Ain't no placé to rian.
== Tracy Chapman, "Bang Bang Bang"

"he Garrens: T he
Land the Criat Forgot

(lrecordéd a homily/poem the other day from the Right
Reverend Doghouse, and I thought a transcription might
tell ya how we feel about where we live.)

Look at this place! Just look at it! This is where we live,-
damn it! This is where our babies grow up! This is where our
kids play! Look at this place! It's a shirpile!! It's full of
disease, full of crap, full of drugs, full of death, full up! Blood,
guts, pus, smack, crack, death! Look at it! Ir seerhes up out
of the ground, out of the potholes and the cracks in the
sidewalk, like some ooze thar soaks the city. All the ani-
mals, they all know — don't eat where you crap! But do we
learn?? Do we learn anythin'? Here, Gaia! Have another -
bill-yon tons of CRAP! Mr. Trasha say, hey Gaia! Can you
take this plastic crap a little longer? ‘Cuz 1 gotta have a hot
burger, and I gotta have a cold drink, and geez, I want it
NOW! Pm gonna be late! Gorta go to work so's l can screw
somebody outta their money! Gotta go to work so's I can

prab somebody's house! Gotta go into work cause. geez!
That's the system, and it's right. Hey!!! Trasha!l You gonna
tell me to get a job?

Hey, Mr. Trasha! You'sée me? You see my face? Look at
me, man..Look at-my face, just look ‘at me..Look at
this...neat scar, ¢h? You look scared. You should be. You
could be me, man. You could be right here, wearin' this
shitty overcoat, in jockey shorts you ain't changed in a
month! Heh, don't think you couldn't be! One minute
cock o' the walk, heh, next minute —-a featha dusta! Cops!
Ithink I hurt his feelins! I think I did. Boo hoo hoo. Boo
hoo. Get outta my face, ny space, you Trasha bastid!

Look, I don't tell this poetry just for my benefit. I don't
say these words just to hear me howl. Look, I'm just dis guy,
and all | wanna do is talk about what matters. I look inside,
heh, and I see what's there, and I spit it out. I spit it out here
at amy o' you Trashas that'll listen. What I say is the truth,

Chapter Three 37

b


that's all. The truth! How much do that cost; Mr. Trasha?
You got that on ya Powerbook? Lemme see!

Pll cell va, where Gaia don't shine, deep in the Barrens,
deep in the middle o' noplace, that's what we got. That's
where we rule. Deep where the cops don't go, .and the
average age of the average mother is 12 years old! Come up
spittin' and swearin', you kids, you bastids o' the street!
Those big boy rich Trashas, they ain't got noplace to run.
Get yer knife, boys, get a big rock, get a shotgun. Let's go
open acharge account at Tiffany's, heh. Youknow whatl'm
sayin'? Breakfast, anyone? Anyone breakfast? Hee hee, heh
heh heh.

Hey, yah, (ll cell you what, lain': angry that you got your
toney. I ain't pissed at you for that —— you earned it didn't
you? Worked at it, bled for ir? I juste wartha know — how did
you get it? Did you-suck it away, bit by bit, drop by drop,
from some poor sucker? Or should I say, suckee? Did you
hook into that heady hit of high-finance hemoglobin? You
know, I used to know a few honest bucks. Had ‘em in my
wallet, talked to ‘em from time to time. They knew a lot,
those bucks. They had the number of the hotel room where
all the bodies are buried. Do you got any honest bucks? Let
me look. Come on, for a modest fee, 'U tell ya. Heh. Not
interested? Don't surprise me none.

38 Bone Gnawers

MU
WO LLY
7

‘Thing is, theré ain't no more honest bucks. You folks've
gone and eaten them up. There ain't no bucks noplace that
don't got some kind o' taint on ‘em. Smell like sulfur and
two-day-old blood.

Asmy preacha say, "Love o' money is the root of all evil."
Whom-do you love, Trasha? Whois it? Ben Franklin? Abe
Lincoln? Georgie-porgy? Well, hell, I just now talked to
fem, and they don't love you, Trasha! They keep talkin' .
about a government FOR the people, BY the people...and

they ain't pleased.

Jn the Shadows of the
Jungle Cowers

(This here is from a talk [heard Sister Bonnie Belle give
to some young ones. I thought it sums up stuff real well.)

You pups gather ‘round here, ‘cause 1 got somethin' to
talk about. You've been chasin' your tails, askin' this
question and that. And now, well, now is the time to tell ya
what's what. First of all, you sharpnoses aren't fools —— there
are things out there. Things that are much less than human
and much more than alive. There are such things as mon-
sters. We live among them. We are them, to a certain way
of thinkin'.

ee

Now, know you've been through alot; the Firat Change
ain't too fun no matter what the circumstances. But I gots
to warn you. | gots to tell ya the truth, plain and simple. I
know that the elders know much more than I about things,
but they told me to tell you, ‘cause I don't know any big
secrets, and whatever I tell you, you need to know.

Bloodsuckers

Call me old, feéble and stupid, .but let me tell you
somethin' —— there's a race out there; and they live right
here in the city, and they're bloodsuckers., That's right,
vampires... Vampires get together into groups, like gangs.
Most of them are pretty tough cookies, although ‘if you
catch new vampires alone (I'll tell you how. they get made
another time) then you can probably take ‘em. Just don't
eat what you kill! They're foul things — of the Wyrm,
mostly. Their blood tastes good, true, but it doesn't feed
your soul anythin'. Let me tell you how to recognize the
various kinds of ‘em. First of all, you got the Brew-hah, and
they are real mean, real quick, real strong, and are one of the

most dangerous kinds. Watch out.

» Then there's the Sewer Rats, and they're OK, even if
they are a bit wicked at times. | keep trying to figure out how
it is they look pretty one second and ugly the next, and how
they poof out of sight, kind of like some Ragabash do. Then
there's the High Class vampires; they love art {some of
them get fascinated by it), and they's rich, and you gotta
make sure never to look ‘em straight in the eye —— they'll
screw you up. Then there's the Warlock vampires, and they
know magic; -they can make things catch on fire. Don't
count on the stuff you learned from the matinees —— it don't
work..-Except by sunlight and flame, vampires are practi-
eally kill-proof.

Some elders think that the vampires aré responsible for
the way things are, that it's their fault there's so many
homeless folks, that their money-grubbin' power games
have disenfranchised more poor than any government has.
I don't know about that, although I do definitely know this:
they've got lots of mind powers, and lots of magic powers,
and you'd best stay away from them.

Wages

I don't know nothin' about wizards."All I know is what
Rat. tells me. She tells me that many of her children
continuously get sacrificed to the Wyrm in needless experi-
ments. Now, from what I can. tell, she says thar these
experiments aren't just scientific ones; they're also magical
experiments. I don't know what that means, friends, but I
can tell you that some of our brothers and sisters have come
out of those places, those mental health places and those
biogenetics places, with lots of strange things in their heads
and bodies.

There' are supposedly shamans who watch out for the
Garou, but I haven't met any. The only magic guy I know
is this man folks call Bo. He's the wizard of Washington

Square Park. He sings and drums on plastic buckets and sells
mary-wanna-on the side, and he's a good sort. Pve ralked
with him a few times, and he understands a lot more than
I thought he would. He knows about the Umbra, for
example, and about spirits. And you know what?? One time
Iwas talkin' to him, and I was late for a subway, and he said
to go down to the subway and wait, and another would be
around really quick. I told him he was crazy, but sure ‘nuff,
there it was, the E train, five minutes late. I don't know if
it was a coincidence or not, but I thought Bo had somethin'
to do with it. He just smiled funny when I asked him about
it.

I've heard tell of mages comin' into caerns and suckin'
them dry just like a vampire drains blood, and for that
reason we don't let any into our caerns, even if they smell
nice. We don't let ‘em know where they are, because once
they've been someplace they can just "poof? back to it
anytime.

RK atkin

A long; long time ago, Mother Rat birthed her own
shapeshifters, rats who could take human shape. They first
lived in Africa, then Bombay, then Singapore, then Sumatra,
all around the world. Mother Rat says that Gaia meant for
them to be the protectors of humans in the cities, ‘cause
they were suited to go there, arid they knew just how much
grain to eat inorder to keep human populations from
growin' too fast.

Chapter Three 39


A

But the Silver Fangs didn't see things that way. They
started the War of Rage, during which most of the Kin to
the Rat wete lost, especially their drummers and bards and
storytellers, their Galliards as it were. Now there's only a
scant few left, children mostly: .

If you sé€e one, or if one reveals himself to you, you better
treat him with the utmost respect, as if he were your
Grandma's Grandma. You better be nice and you better be
helpful, or the elders'Il have you shovelin' out the hovels!

The Kin to the Rat deserve our respect. They also
deserve our aid, help, advice and, to a certain extent, our
obedience. They are connected with Rat completely, at all
times.

The Ring of Shadows

Although the Bone Gnawers have neither ceritral
government nor central laws, there is ‘a collection of
elders served by a loyal band of Ratkin. This group is
called the Ring of Shadows. Some claim that Ratkin,
Nosferatu and other creatures of darkness are also part
of the Ring.. The Ring influences all Bone Gnawers
everywhere and provides assistancé to those Gnawers
it feels need it. It is the closest thing to a higher
authority that the Bone Gnawers possess. Mertnbers are
marked with a circular black brand on their chest, and
all of them are served by at least one or two Ratkin
bodyguard/messengers.

Wraiths

There are secret things that dwell in the gloom that
surrounds us. I can't tell you exactly what they are, butI can
tell you this: many's the time I've gotten a funny feeling
when I walked through Gresham Warehouse at three in the
morning. That's because a young girl was raped and mur-
dered there many years ago, and I think her ghost still hangs
out there. One time I found her teddy bear in a trash can,
and I burned it. For three nights afterward, lhad nightmares

_about her, and I had to ask a spirit protector to stand and
watch my dreams for me. After that, the nightmares went
away, but every time I pass by that warehouse, I think about
her. I swear, if I ever find out who did that to her, Pll throat
him in a heartbeat and not think twice about the Ban of
Man.

Around the World in
30 Days

(A travelogue by renowned Ragabash "world-traveler
Bonetrotter! }

Hey there! Geez, what a terrific surprise! You're actually
tapin' this? You gonna put it im-your book? Cool. Okay.
Look, here's what I learned from my trip:

First of all, sorme general stuff. If you're travelin' by Moon
Bridge, I recommend you go on a tradin' spree and get a
whole bunch o' fetishes and talens from your buds. Just Little
crappy things that nobody wants, but ones that caerns will
take as chiminage. You'd be surprised how many caerns are
demandin' their share of the take these days.

Second of all,,don't bother learnin' the language: every
Garou speaks Garou no matter wheré ya go, although it
took a long time for me to get used to the French and
Russian Garou; they slur their u's and don't roll their arrrr's.

Third of all, don't worry ‘bout where you're gonna sleep,
because hey! You're a mutt! You. can sleep anyplace: Just
make sute all your important stuff is Dedicated to you, and
you ain't got no worries, mate.

Folks, there are Bone Gnawers all around the world.I
mean, every place I went, there we were, survivin'. And we
aren't much different,. really. We're ail poor..We're all
hungry. We all wear the latest in grunge fashion, wherever
we live.-It's surprising how little changes from Borneo to
Baltimore, from Los Angeles to Labrador.

40 Bone Gnawers


oe gg IE AE APE AT NP TE A OTA

he Pros and Cons
of Hitchhiking

Ever since the first Boné Gnawer caught a ride with
a merchant caravan or stowed away aboard ship, che
more travel-minded Bone Gnawers (of whom there are -
not too many; only Ragabashes and Galliards tend to
wander) have maintained a tradition of hitchhiking
wherever they wish to go. A hitchin' Gifts has been
developed: The. Ward of the Road (see Appendix
_ One). Together with Blissful Ignorance, Cooking and
Persuasion, these Gifts facilitate reasonably comfort-
able, if not luxurious, travel accommodations.

Mexico, South America and
the Amazon

Well, kin, look; if you're travelin' down Mexico way,
you'll find the biggest pile o' Bone Gnawers,.poor folks, and
nasty vampires that you've ever seen. If there ever were a
Bone Gnawer country, Mexico would be it. But what
you've got in Mexico is death, poverty, disease and all the
discomforts of home piled on top of each other. Some of
these folks would enjoy getting a cardboard box to sleep in.
Some of these folks would love to have some bread to eat,
or, wonder-of-wonders, sorne meat..| was nearly earen
myself when I ran into a strong group of Maneaters —— not
just Bone Gnawers, mind you, but some Red Talons and
Get as well, who were just ticked off that I was gettin' into
their business.

In the wilds of South America — well, folks, what can I
tell ya? It's bad down there. I even hired a guide and made
my way up the Amazon a-bit.to try and find the local
equivalent of our Hillfolk, bur all I could find were villagers
and people unwilling to help me. It's war down there, and
it's hell. It's funny, you know -— the G.W'. guy down there
thinks that he has total authority to vote for us: Maybe we
should get off our lazy butts and send someone down there;
nobody's stickin' up for the poor folks there, and everyone's
so high-and-mighty that they haven't noticed that they' re
destroyin' the balance of spirits in the area. |

U.S.A.

Well, of course, in the good ol' USA, Bone Gnawers
reign supreme. American Bone Gnawers are more scrappy
than their European, Asian and South American brethren.
Maybe it's because we got more rights as Garou here, or it
could be somethin' to do with that old American Dream.
Vm not sayin' we're better than they are, but for some
reason we've had a say in the structure and fundamental
values of this country, moreso than anyplace else: I guess it
all goes back to the basis of democracy. Even if you're poor,
you get a say in things. Well, sometimes....

éurope

In Europe, we're strongest in the big Cities: Amsterdam,
London, Paris, Wenice, etc. But since the big migration
during the '20s and 730s, there aren't that many Gnawers
left in Europe. Those that are there are pretty set in their
ways and unwillin' to change.

Africa

We're hhyena-bréed, some say. "There're a. few Bone
Gnawers in Africa who live out on the plains, running with
the hyenas. Certainly there are good ol' regular Bone
Gnawers on the streets of Port Elizabeth in South Africa;
they' ve been fighting apartheid for some time. ve heard
rumors that there are some members of the Hood working
in Somalia and other famine-stricken areas, helping to
distribute food and keep hope alive. I don't know if it's true,
but it'd be just like them.

Asia

The G.W.'s stronghold in Singapore is also oné of our
favorite places. I've heard of Brothers and Sisters in China,
Vietnam and Korea, but 'we never spoken to them. Word
is they keep to themselves. ve also heard stories of other
strange shapechangers over there, like werefoxes, and I
don't rightly know what to think.

So; let me leave you with ome last piece -o' advice: the
world may be a big, scary place, but it's our place. We got

rights to it, see? Gaia gave it to all of us, so go out and stake
a claim on -what's yours.

Chapter Three 4d

\


-
Gifts

Nose of the Hungry Hound (Level One) —- By spendirig
a Willpower point and rollirig Perception "+ Primal-Urge
(difficulty 7), the Garou can hunt down the closest source of
discarded, relatively disease-free food. The mumber of suc-
cesses determines how much food is found. This Gift will not
detect the hot dogs within a vendor's cart Gunless that vendor
would gladly give a wiener to a hungry mutt), but it would
detect the bag of cheez-fries that accidentally dropped out of
a passing car window. This is a Bone Gnawer version of the
Lupus Gitt: Sense Prey.

Find the Prize CLevel Two) —- The Garou employing this
Gift closes her eyes and thinks about finding a thing of great
value, either a specific item or a general class of things. She
then spends a Gnosis point and rolls Perception + Enigmas
tthe difficulty depends on the rarity/uniqueness of the item-

being sought). Each success on the roll gives one clue concern=
ing the whereabouts of this item: The clue is decided by the
Storyteller and must be worked into the story: "Turning the
comer, you see an ad for the Hound Dog Cafe...perhaps the
Elvis plate could be there?" Note that just because an item has
been located does not mean it can be easily gotten.

Ward of the Road (Level Two) — This allows a Garou to
leap from a quickly moving vehicle and remain undamaged.
By spending one Willpower point and scoring at least one
success on a Stamina + Survival roll (difficulty 6), the Garou
takes no damage from the fall. Ifhe fails, however, he takes full
damage; if he botches, he takes double damage (he fell on his
ankle, etc.). The Garou.can also leap from tall buildings in this
manner, but it requires one success per story to negate damage.

Appendix One 43

\\

Ly


Ceites
Rite of the Cardboard Palace

Level One :

This rite trarnisfortns something as flitnsy as-a cardboard
box into.a decent place to sleep... The Garou must roll
Intelligence + Survival (difficulty 6) to turn ari ordinary
shelter into a comfortable home for the night. The card-
board (or other material) becomes water-resistant and
thermal-reflectivé, keeping those within. warm and dry.
This rite can be worked in full view of the mundane public
without rending the Veil, and its effect lasts an entire night.
lt-can also be performed on sorneone else's structure.

Rite of the Shopping Cart

Level- Two"

This rite expands the carrying space of any ¢argé-carrying
device, making the inside larger than the outside. The Garou
aust roll Manipulation + Rituals (difficulty 7) and spend a
Gnosis point. Ten pounds pér success can be placed in the
container. This rite must be renewed each week or the
container will spill its excess baggage onto the street.

Rite of Wtan-Taint

Level Three

This rite "is used to detect Maneatérs among the Bone
Gnawers. lt must be used within seven days of when the
suspect last ate human flesh, and the suspect can resist the
rite by scoring five successes on a Willpower roll (difficulty 7).
The rite causes every gobbet of human flesh consumed to spew
from the suspect's body, either through the skin or mouth.
Needless to say, this is a disgusting sight.

Fetishes
The Lost Keyring

Level 1, Gnosis 5

This fetish is a steel ring of about six inches in diameter,
with hundreds of keys. By activating the fetish and rolling
Perception + Repair (difficulty equal to the complexity of
the lock), the Garou can find a key on the ring to open any
desired lock. Linless immediately used, however, the key
will be lost in the mass of keys. The key to virtually anything
can be on this ring. This fetish does not protect against any
security systems on the lock, such as electronic alarms or
motion sensors.

ag AST ET TO CP eT

Chuck @ock

Level 2, Gnosis 4

This is a rock from a demolished ghetto building. Its
inherent Rage causes it to become a deadly weapon when
thrown: By spending one Rage point and throwing it
{Dexterity + Athletics; difficulty 5), the rock will do five
dice plus the number of attack successes of darnage. The
rock is tough and will not break.

Susie's (Dollar

Level 4, Gnosis 8

This coin magically changes for a limitéd titne into one
bill of variable denomination. The fetish can also be com-
manded to return to its owner (the one who activated it}
from a distance. A Gnosis roll is required to activate either
power; the effects are listed below:

Difficulty Return Successes

Needed

To Change to:

One Dollar 4
Five Dollars 5
Ten Dollars 6
Twenty Dollars 7?
Fifty Dollars 8
One Hundred Dollars 9

Au kN me

Duration Successes Needed
Five Minutes
30 Minutes
One Hour
One Day

One Month

Wb WN re

Return Range

Same Room

Across the Street
Same City Block
Same Side of the City
Same City

Anywhere

Difficulty

CON A UA

When the time limit expires, the coin reverts to its
original state and is easily lost in a-pile of quarters.

Ad Bone Gnawers

TT ti

WY

y

A

Honest Buck

Level 3, Gnosis 6

~° Thisdollarbill has aspirit of Truth in it. Under the bill's pyramid
is inscribed, "The Truth Will Make You Free" rather than "In God
We Trust." By holding the buck (activating it) and showing it to
someone, the fetish user can deterrnine (Perception + Alertness;
difficulty 6) whether someone is a greedy or cold-hearted person.
Bone Gnawer Philodoxes use this fetish as a means to decide
whether to accept a newcomer or not.

Gaia's Big Chumb

Lével 2, Gnosis 5

‘This fetish looks like an oversized, mummified human
thumb. By activating the fetish and rolling Perception +
Streetwise (difficulty 8), the Garou can flag down passing
transportation. Whether or not the transportation is going
in an appropriate direction is another thing altogether, and
depends on the number of successes: five successes indicate
that the driver is willing to take the Garou all the way to his
destination,. while one success may require considerable
detours and delays. This fetish does not protect the Garou
once he is actually in the company of strangers.

Rover's Whistle

Level 2, Gnosis 4 :

Rover's Whistle, when blown, alerts all Garou within a
city block, allowing them to locate the user. With a Cha-
tisma + Leadership roll (difficulty 5) it can also summon
Kinfolk (provided the characterhasa Kinfolk Background).
With a Charisma + Animal Ken roll (difficulty 6), the
whistle can summonstreet dogs, which can be manipulated
with further Charisma + Animal Ken rolls. The whistle
hangs on a chain around the user's neck.

"Cotems

TCotems of Wisdom
Che Crash Heap

Background Cost: 4

"The Trash Heap is an Incarna of garbage. It manifests as one
ortmore piles of garbage; these heaps display individual person-
alities and contain psychic memories of the people, places and
things with which the garbage was originally associated.
Garou may ally with these individual heaps, which are repre-
sentatives of the one true Heap. The Trash Heap is said to be
connected to every inanimate object in the world, making it

Appendix One

néarly omniscient. The Trash Heap will answer oné question
per month posed to her by her Children. The Trash Heap is
fond of having her Children sleep among her garbage, al-
though even some Bone Gnawers are wary to do so.

Vhe Trash Heap gives two Wisdom to Bone Gnawers who
ally with her, but all other tribes lose two Wisdom if they
associate with the Trash Heap.

Ban: Children of the Trash Heap must protect their
individual heap and do her bidding.

Totems of Respect

Che American (Dream

Background Cost: 8

Only those born in the 1950s Gr 1960s can become
Children of the American Dream. After the '60s, the
‘American Dream stopped marking children as its own;
prior to the *50s, the Dream was not powerful enough to
mark its own. A child of the American Dream gains the
following benefits: so long as he is in the United States of
America, he never becomes lost. In addition, even if he is


abroad, the American people make an extra effort tG help
him. This is governed by the Storyteller, who may have Ma
and Pa America show up just as the character is about to be
thrown in jail, pay his bail, and give him enough money to
buy a bus ticket back home. Difficulties involving interac-
tions with public officials, government officials, or police
—— anyone who has sworn an oath to uphold and defend the
Constitution of the. United States of America —~ are
decreased by three.

The downside to this totem is that devotees must make
a Stamina + Survival roll (difficulty 7) each month ro avoid

becoming instantly addicted to sométhing of the Storyteller's
choosing (television, beer, cigarettes, etc.). They also be-
gin to adopt swaggering demeanors, tell other people what
to do, and often cheat at cards, taxes and games. If devotees
ever leave America, this effect increases, and only three
successes are required to frenzy.

American Silver Fangs, Glass Walkers and Bone Gnaw-
ers receive three Honor when-allying with this totem.
Non-American Garou, especially Silver Fangs, Black Fu-
ries and Shadow Lords, lose threeklonor for alliances, and
will be marked as potential problem cases.

46 Bone Gnawers


Bone Gnawers are a ragtag mob of quirky individuals. traits ubiquitous arnong Bone Gnawers are bad hygierie,
Though often stereotyped by their poor appearance, they're empty bank accounts and a bad-luck streak a mile long.
actually among the most diverse of tribes. About the only Sound familiar?

Appendix Two

WW

\ wd

.
¥ Roleplaying Hints: You don't caré much about how you
QRagabash Qat in k look; they're just gonna give you a pair of coveralls anyway.

But be careful of what you look at..You've gotta look
disinterested while you're handling those top-secret, code-
red, .to-be-shredded files. Act dumb, and maybe

the lab coats won't notice -you trashin' their
experiments.

Equipment: Pocket-sized disposable 35 mm
camera, nearly broken. palm-sized tape re-
corder, five different 1Ds (none
of them truly yours).

Quote: Heh, heh, heh. dirty little secrets, dirty little
lies...cooh! Heh heh.

Prelude: You were always a nosy kid, the
kind that sneaked into your parents' bed-
room and poked around in their stuff.
You picked the lock on your sister's
diary when you were 12 and black-
mailed her for rides until you were y
16. Then the Change came, and I
you were taken away to live in
‘the city. You.don't much like
the jobs you have to do now, but
you love pickin' around in people's
stuff. You heard that Pentex has tar-

geted your family for termination
or "reeducation" and you're not
(O\ about to stand for that. You've
taken to picking up secret room keys;
special phone numbers, anything that gets
you closer tothe bastards that are attack-
ing your family. You're no superhero,
no secret agent James Bond. You're
just a janitor — but you've got
Pentex on the.run and
wonderin' where the leaks are.
Concept: You're the face that
no one ever notices, the invisible
man workin' the trash wherever
you go. If the Powers That Be only
knew how many documents you've
photocopied, how many floppy
disks you've liberated or
how many taps you've
outright stolen. ...

WY


| Ge

oA

|

Name:
Player:

Chronicle: toe Rat Finks Concept: Rat Fink ee
Physical Social een
Strength, @e0000 Charisma, @ee00 Perception, e2eeoeo
Dexterity. eeee0 Manipulation eeeeo Intelligence. 8ee00
Stamina, @oo0o0o zz Abilities eoo00o Wits. ee Zz. oo
Talents Skills at epecmamat
Alertness @S@@00 Animal Ken, oo0000 Computer. @8@00
Athletics oo0000 Drive @o000 Enigmas. eo0000
Braw1, g20000 Etiquette. fezererere) Investigation, @2e0e00
Dodge e@000 Firearms, Be000 Law. O0000
Empathy. e@0000 * Melee fefetevere) Linguistics @0000
Expression, 00000 Leadership. OO000 Medicine @e0000
Intimidation. C0000 Performance O0000 Occult COO000
Primal-Urge @o000o0 Repair. @eo000 Politics BOO00O
Streetwise @2e@@00 Stealth. @2eee0 Rituals OO000
Subterfuge. ee35eeo Survival ooceeo Science. @0000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts

Allies @ee00 Smell of Man
Contacts @ee@00 Blur of the Milky Eve

990000 Scent of Sweet Honey

00000

o0000

G ; i
e006 2% 6.60.0 eo 9°90 00.0 9-0 OO Bruised a
oI oOoOoo OOOO Injured 4 =
jur -
oo 0.0 ons oO 0.0 ore GHOSIS wom mmmumetilvatensr Wounded -2° 1
OOOO] esoo0000 0 oO oO Mauled 2 0)
Wisdorn nooooooooo Crippled = 3 0
@eooo0o0 00 00 . Incapacitated = C1]
OOOO Willpower Za wen We akite 55 wmetlontone
a Rank — eeeae 0000006 DIR nb rH
OOOO OES

Brééed: Homia
Auspice: Ragabash

-— Bone Oniwens

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:

OTHER TRIBES

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice arid tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/Z/1)

ay

\W\


Cust Shaman

Quote: You can take away my drum, chain my hands behind
my back, throw me off my homeland, but the very streets are my
friends, and the city towers like a giant next to you. Do you

dare anger it?

Prelude: You have been able to hear the heartbeat
of the city since the day you were born. You've always
talked to it. Little did you know that orie day it would
talk back. You'd climb up on your balcony or the roof
of your apartment building, and as you looked out

across the city you'd see the city's spirit hovering

over it like the early morning smog.
Your First Change occurred deep in the pits of
a subway station, but you escaped into the
sewers, where you went through a kind of
visionquest. During the vision, Rat came to
you and gave you the keys to the streets. She
told you what spirit ran through each and
made you her propher. Now you walk the
streets, telling everyone what the streets
hold for them. You see the streets as
eternal rivers -of destiny on which the
fate of the city flows. :
Concept: Others think you don't have
all your faculties. That's not true; it's just
that you're listening to the street-spirits
that cluster around you —— and they like
you! Your drumming and the primitive
spirit rites you do in public often get
you in trouble, but you don't care.
You'll keep drumming if that's what it
takes to follow your path.

Roleplaying' Hints: Talk to cars,
trucks, fireplugs, telephone -booths,
power poles, monuments, buildings,
sidewalks, alleyways and anything else
that looks like it needs a talking-to.
You are smart enough to convince
the cops you're not quite crazy. You're
just another prophet ina world where
prophets are regularly misused and mis-
represented, and you know that most
people don't share your fascination with
the voices thar talk to you.

Equipment: Large keyring with keys
that open many things you don't quite
remember, business cards, baseball
cards, lint, crumpled pieces of paper,

5 If ae,
ns ES
WS

ee

NY

WY

ae

Name:
Player:

Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Rust Qhaman
Physical Social Mental ©
Srrength: e@0000 Charisma See0o0 Perception, Seoee0
Dexterity. eee00 Manipulation. @e000 Intelligence. OOOO
Stamina, @eeeo | Appearance. @0000 Wits eeee0
Talents skills Knowledge
Alertness @eee00 Animal Ken. 00000 Computer fetetezere)
Athletics. oo0000 Drive oo0000 Enigmas @ee00
Brawl 00000 Etiquette ao0000 Investigation. E0000
Dodge BeOOO Firearms. fererererel Law. oOo0000.
Empathy. BSe000 Melee rerererere) Linguistics O0000
Expression. BOO0O0 Leadership. fererere 6) Medicine O0O000
Intimidation, farererers| Performance O0000 Occult @@e@00
Primal-Urge eee00 Repair. D0000 Politics O0000
Streetwise. eea000 Stealth, Se800 Rituals. ry y Y Ye)
Subrerfuge. o0000 ‘Survival e@e00o0 Science. C0000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts

Allies @0000 Simell of Man
Rites See0e0 Spirit: Speech

o0000 Cooking

oOO0000

o00000
CICIMICICICICIOOC OOOO Injured 4 oO

} _
600 0 0) 0.0 0 0 OE GNSS nmin Wounded 2 0
NOOOOOOOOOO ewseseeeen000 Mouied 2 =
Cistormn oO TIpplec S
eoeooousooéend OOOO Incapacitated ol
CIC MCICICICICICICI -Willpower ——amm rere Ce akties 5 mm Loatnse
Rank ———ae~r © @ © © OOO 0 0 DIFFICULTIES WITH
NOOO CICI CIC OTHER TRIBES

-— Bone Cnmmeas —

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level Qne from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


Digilante Woolf

Quote: What. ..do..:you.:cthink... you're. ..doing?? (crack!)
Prelude: You were the baby of the family, the runt of the
litter. Everyone assuined that you'd die first, being the
weakest and the sickliest. Then a group of street punks
found your birthing lair and decided to have some fun. Each
and every one of your sisters and brothers
was taken; one by one, and tor-
tured in one manmer or another.
They were thrown under on-
coming cars, dropped from the
tops of buildings, or
hung like grisly -
garlands. from SS
streetlights; ev-
ery one of them
was killed.
Then they did ——
something ter- My, mA
tible to your Al
Kinfolk smother,
something you have
trouble remembering
but which still motivates
you to this day. For some
reason, the gang thought
the way you cowered in the
corner (all pale and pink and
"runty" as they called you) was
eute. They made a big mis-
take —— they spared your life.
You grew up on the streets,
but every time you thought
yourself close to death, a
friendly hand would take you,
lead you indoors, and give
youawarm place tosleep
and food to eat. Soon
you begari to recog-
nize the scent of
these. friendly
folks ~~ all of
them be-
longed to
the same
pack,...it
seemed.
Your
friends'
hospitality, '
coupled with &
your own regi-
men, allowed youtobe- come
one of the larger dogs in the city.
You eventually dominated all the

A
y
yi

A

52

i ————_

"hey prog!

ee

atreet dogs into serving you. That was-when you went
through your First Change. Alone on the streets, naked,
you discovered that humans had a tendency toward tortur-
ing their‘own kind as well. It did not go well for your
attackers, for you took the form of Rage and destroyed
thern.

Concept: You are a vigilante of the street. You've seen
both sides of the Garou:‘coin and you're familiar with what
happens in the city.. You're also familiar with what
serves as justice, and you recognize that you're the only
one that can bring swift
retribution upon the
heads of certain of-
fenders. As a secret
member ...of the
Hood, you have
made contact with
other Gnawers who
feel the same way
you do.

Roleplaying

Notes: You do not

threaten the Veil.

You wear a black
trenchcoat that is
Dedicated to you.
You are equally at
' a home in. either
c st yt . mow Flomid or Lupus
form. You search the
city, peering into hu-
mans' souls, judging
their innocence and
value based on what
you know and what
=~ you hear from the

Barking Chain.

NN You deliver jus-
tice at all

times, and if

you can

help the
, weak
. against
\ the vio-
| lent, you
do.
/ Equip-
fF ment: Black
fedora,
trenchcoat,
light pistol,
handcuffs,
matches.

'

\

ao

ww

\


ee - Bon Gusmees —

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice:  Philodox Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: The Hood Concept: Vigilante Wolf ~~
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @ee00 Charisma @8e@0e050 Perception. eeee0
Dexterity. Se@000 Manipulation, @e@000 Intelligence. OOOO
Stamina, @ee00° | Appearance @o00o0 Wits @@000
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness Se@G800 Animal Ken @ec0o Computer 80000
Athletics @O0000 Drive, eoo000 Enigmas @e@000
Brawl @@000 Etiquette O20000 Investigation, @e@@8@00
Dodge @e@@00 Firearms. @@000 Law. @0000
Empathy. Oo0000 Melee 90000 Linguistics @O0000
Expression. O0000 Leadership. BOo000 Medicine C0000
Intimidation, @e@e@000 Performance OO000 Occult C0000
Primal-Urge. @e@000 Repair. Oo000 || Politics, C0000
Streetwise, @e@000 Stealth, 8ee00 _- Rituals C0000
Subterfuge. O0000 Survival, @ee00: Science OO000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts Oy
Alliés @e@800 Séns6e Wyrm "
Contacts @@000 Truth of Gaia
C0000 Scent of Sweet Honey
oo0000
foleTetete)
eerenmare ser PC HO UD 1 mermmcenttllamtiniar rt Rage setae onemnceenetLonalbomne wt Fhe alt | nme Clot
Glory i
0000600000 @®eoeoooo0o90 0 0 Bruised La
OOOO OOOO OoOoooo Injemed 1 oO
: jure ~
ee @0 Kynar o0 0:0 we CLNOSILS amvmncmetlicntonar OO Wounded 2 UI
OOOOOOOOCO eewseeseeco0000 Meuled "2/0 i
Wisdorn ripplec 5
6.00600 0 oO .0 6 NOOO Incapacitated cl
NOOO - Willpower =< Weakness Cosma
——1 + Rank —-a—~  @ @ @ © © ee 00° DIFFICULTIES WITH
OOOMOOMOooo OTHER TRIBES

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Levél One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

Hillfolk Hitchhiker

Quote: Goin' my way?
Prelude: Your parents were migrant workers, poor folks
who never had two pennies to rub together. You grew up
with them, movin' from place to place. They showed youa
lot of love. As a result, you never learned to hate.

Your folks knew you were different, and -you'd often
spend fall and winter with your kin in the city. It
wasn't too long before they showed you how you
could change from form to form, and they
accepted you just like your parents did. Come
to find out, your parents were werewolves just
like you! Imagine that.

Concept: You love the muisic of the moun-
tain people and taught yourself how to play
the fiddle, the harp, the harmonica and the
guitar. You love to go howling in ‘the high
mountain places. You're constantly on. the
move, never staying in one city for too long.
You travel hither and yon; listening to the
music of people everywhere and playing your
own songs. With your thumb and the guitar
on your back, you'll go anyplace.

Roleplaying Notes: You are per-
haps the friendliest Bone Gnawer .
you know. You grew up "po' but f
proud" and your demeanor ~
should reflect that. You're good-
humored to a fault, although
when you do get mad your smile
takes on a different glint.

Disfigurement: Loose Teeth

Equipment: Coveralls, white T-shirt,
harmonica, road maps, three cans of
cheap beer, backpack, hiking boots.

Bone Gnawers

S4

NW

WW

ae -—f ONE EGNATIERS

55.

Narme: Breed: Metis Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Galliard Pack Totem:
Chronicle: aA. Hillfotk Concept: Hilt Hitchhiker
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @0000 Charisma. @eeeeo Perception @0000
Dexterity. @e000 Manipulation. Seeoe0 Intelligence_. OOOO
Stamina @eee00 J Abilities @e000 Wits @ee00
Talents kills Knowledge
Alertness @e@800 Animal me? @e0000 Computer. ag0000
Athletics See0o Drive @o000o0 Enigmas @o0000
Brawl. BO000 Etiquette 00000 Investigation, e0000
Dodge. @e@000 Firearms o0000 Law @0000
Empathy. 8@@00 Melee. 00000 Linguistics. @0000
Expression. oo000 Leadership oO0000 Medicine C0000
Intimidation o0000 Performance Se@e@00 Occult o0000
Primal-Urge BO000 Repair. O0000 Politics @0000
Streetwise oO0000 Stealth. @O0000 Rituals C0000
Subterfuge OOOO Survival 8e@e@00 Science, 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Allies eeeee Create Elernent
. o0000 Call of the Wyld

C0000 Cooking

o0000

peteterel e)

|
\

@®@e@ooo0o0. 0 0°00 0
NOOO CIC
Honor
oO 0 0 0 000 0.0 0
OOM COCICICICICIC
Wisdom
@® 0 0 0 0 0 0:0 0
OOO OOO

BS)

@®@eeee@oo 0 0 0
FICICICICICICIFICIE
several ott CPAOSTS aeaesrmntt Larabar

e@eeeeooo0oo00;90
NIC

—~——- Willpower samen lira
eeeeeeoon9ao
OCICICICICICICICICI

Bruised Ci
Hurt 1
Injured 41°
Wounded 2 TI
Mauied 2 C1
Crippled ee
Incapacitated a
~ Weakness —_—anine

+1 SOCIAL ROLL
DIFFICULTIES WITH
OTHER TRIBES

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

hia cancer ewemin)\ yumm

\ ws


Frankweiler Knight : | Rye shes finding you shiv-
: , ering in-an alleyway.
Quote: Hie thee, villain! Thou shalt get thy ass kicked! : Concept: Now you are
Prelude: You were literally born -in .a steamer. crunk on the run. You've found
backstage at a production of Shakespeare's Hamlet. You a few places to hide; you
grew up in and around the theatre. When | spend most of your time
your parents fell on hard times, the : in the theatres of che city,
Department of Family and Children underneath the stage or
Services assigned you to a_ foster in the upper catwalks, lis-
home while they looked for better tening to rehearsals.
work. You were 13, and your First Afterward you usually go to
Change occurred while you were the museum —carefully avoid-
being taunted by the children ing ..the .Kindred .who
for your manner of speaking. sometimes visit there. You of-
You-erupted in a blind rage, ten put on a suit of armor,
shifted into Crinos, and take down. some knightly
left the room a weapons, and practice your
bloody mess. sword-fighting for an
Your Bone evening. After all, you
CGnawer rmoust be ready when
k in your skills as @ war-
took rior are called upon
you by the local Garou
lords.
Roleplaying
Notes: Mix
Shakespearean
language with mod-
ern-day words.
Address everyone as
"My Lady" or "My Lord." Observe a slightly
gnodified, more realistic Code of honor. You
don't actually believe. you're. a
Shakespearean warlord, .but you do -get
into the fantasy so deeply that itis diffi-
cult for you to break out.
Equipment: Faded ‘silk
fimery (stolen from a mu-
seum), book of
Shakespeare's plays, broad-
sword, big black cloak
(which keeps you from be-
ing arrested for carrying
around the broadsword).

.TY

\\


B® -— Bone Cnsmweces — B=

Name: Bréed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ahroun Pack Totem:
Chronicle: toe. Frankweiler. Concept: Frankweiler-Knight Yur
Physical Social — Mental
Strength, eeoee0 Charisma eeese Perception, @e@000
Dexterity. eeooe Manipulation. @e@e000 Intelligence_. CC OOOO
Stamina, @0000 sz Abilities @oo0o0o0 Wits ee Zee rere)
Calents Skills ona eeentone
Alertness. @e@000 Animal Ken eo0000 Computer. VoO000
Athletics o0000 Drive : feleretere) Enigmas. @0000
Brawl e0000 Etiquette Se@e0o0 Investigation, Qo0000
Dodge. @ee000 ~~ Firearms. o0000 Law. 00000
Empathy. @e000 Melee eee00 Linguistics @ee00
Expression, : o0000 Leadership. _ 80000 Medicine @0000
Intimidation, @o00o0 Performance, Bsee@00 Oceulte oo0000
Primal-Urge @0000 Repair Oo0000 Politics, 00000
Streetwise. @0000 Stealth, @Se@e@00 Rituals O0000
Subterfuge. e0000 Survival o0000 Science. O0000
Backgrounds Gitts Gifts

Allies @e@e@000 Fersuasgion
Contacts eee00 inspiration

00000 Cooking

Oooo0o

o0000

Glory ;
eec00c000000 8087088087000 Bruised Coo
Oooo OOOO lnwned 7 oo
y cow
eooo ons 0000 LY CEO SES ammvuuantoatone Wounded -2°
OOOOOOOOCIC eee o0 00 000 Moles 2 = se
Wisdom TIppIec 5
6.66 OS 6 6 6 NOM OOOCI Incapacitated ra
MMO CICOICICI CIC ~Willpower ——Z=~ ~Weakness ——Lane
a nan e<0ee 8 6 @ 0-00 0 +1 SOCIAL ROLL
- DIFFICULTIES WITH
COCICICICICICICICILI OTHER TRIBES

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gitts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


(Excerpts from a tape made ar Great-Grandmorher
Charity's bedside. Gaia has since taken her to a much better
place.)

You know; Shakespeare me lad, you've got to know. So
many of our elders have been lost to history, boy...The
Galliards of rhe other tribes don't sing our songs; that's why
you and your kind, you Rust Dancers, you've gotta be out
there spreadin' the true word. Our famous folks will be
forgotten, and that's no good.

Every night you gots to tell the tales, so's the little onés
can hear and 'member. Strong Henry, Auntie Mame, Mrs.
Preston —~— strong Gnawers. Good Gnawers. Listen to their
stories.

Auntie Wlame ,

Auntie Mame was a French Bone Ghawer who rode
across the Atlantic as a stowaway with some French colo-
nists. She migrated down South, ending up in Charleston,
where she set to doin' the job she'd trained for all her life
she was a lady of the ewenin'. Pretty soon, probably because
of her wolfish good looks and reasonable rates, Auntie.
Mame was able to move into a house and start a business out
of ic. Her boarding house was little more than a brothel! But
she was good-hearted. She didn't like the British, not one
bit, and that was that. So when she heard that there was to
be a revolution, she helped the boys out. She let them hide
their guns and spies in her basement.

Auntie Maine's housé, affectionately called the Rabbit
Ranch, actually took up an area of three townhouses in
downtown Charleston. It was something of a rarmshackle,
possibly the single most cluttered (but clean!) whorehouse
in all of history. Tunnels, secret doors, sliding panels and
false doors were all over the place ~~ well, you can't be too
careful. Only the girls who worked the House knew some of
the secret ways, and none of them knew all of them. Only
Mame. She knew that place so well she could be in two
places at once if she had to.

Mame was a Rat Fink from way back: She spied for the
Yankees during the Civil War — she was a regular Mata
Hari. But she was always on the Garou's side and would do
anything to help out a Garou, no matter what tribe he was
in.

She isknown asthe prettiest Bone Gnawer woman ever,
as well as one of the cleanest. Her generosity was legendary
as well; she once fed 100 Bone Gnawers Thanksgiving
dinner in her basement. The charitable trust she set up with
the money she earned is still feeding hungry children today.

Mame lost everything soon after the Civil War. Sherman
spared Charleston, but the locals must have suspected that
Mame was a spy. Her house was torn-down. She tried to
move and get married to a nice man, but died in Chicago of
a broken heart.

58 Bone Gnawers

. Fa

SV

WwW

Ly


%
Strong Henry

‘There was once a big, black sonofabitch that worked on
the railroad. He sweated buckets. He was the foulest thing
you'd ever smell. And yet, he had hit that steel so many
times that he'd grown to know its language. He talked with
it. He sang to it ashe rang the line with his big ol' hammer.
Not one line of track Henry laid has ever gone warped or
crooked. It stays straight because he scared it right into
place.

He was 4 mountain of a man, but his aim was true and his
heart was calm. He didn't give a damn about the pain or
about the work. He was born to drive steel, born to break
the rock arid drive the stakes and ring the whole world with
steel if chat's what was wanted. When Henry got thirsty, he
used to squeeze rocks and drink the juice. One day he beat
the Sun's back instead of the other way around! His smeil
would precede him three days in advance, and the whole
railroad crew could get to know how he was feelin' by
scenting him our. One day he killed a rattlesnake just by
lookin' at it! This man knew his business and was good at
doin' it.

Yet the Wyrm, laughin' and grinnin', got the Weaverto

come up with this thing, an awful thing that they said was
gonna make ol' Henry obsolete. And this shushin', thuddinr',
growlin' thing was a Dragon of Steam, a great pick that ate
logs and struck like a cobra against the rock, again and

wo

again. That thing smelled foul, fouler even than Henry, and
that was sayin' a lot. So they brought it out, and the Wyrm
said, "Let's have a race -—- the Steam Dragon and Henry."
And Henry said, "I don't race, but Pil do my job, with that
thing or not. I may be just a man, but Pil win through. You'll
see." Strong Henry was a Bone Gnawer, children. He was
one of us. He just didn't go around showin' it, and he
weren't about to let that steam thing beat him:

So you know what he did? He bear his heart against that
mountain. He ran it right through. The crew that laid track
behind him couldn't see his arms move: it was like a black
wall of steel blurrin' in front of them. Good thing they
didn't look too hard —— they'd have seem somethin' they
weren't ready for. Heh.

Strong Henry beat that thing. But then, well, his heart
just gave out..His Rage was spent. He'd lost the wolf, and
the wolf was the only thing keepin' him alive. Bur PU tell
you somethin', children —— you can be sure that late at
night, standin' out on the railyards, you can hear him
howlin', howlin' in the darkness. They say that wherever

steel's laid for track in the country, there's where you'll hear

Henry's last howl. Who knows? Maybe you can talk to him
one day. I have.

rar nan ne Lor airs

wy

a
Wtrs. Preston

But it doesn't always take brawn to get things done. Sometimes all it
takes is a little know-how put in the right place at the right time. Take,
for example, Mrs. Preston. She served for many years as an orderly in the
White House — through three Presidents, starting with Hoover and
ending with Truman. She was the one who thought of the W.P.A. and
other programs; she encouraged Roosevelt to enter the War. She inspired
the idea for the final version of the Invasion of Normandy. She warned
against the Manhattan Project and advised Truman not to use Fat Man
and Little Boy -—- he ignored her, of course. Damn fool.

Mrs. Preston was a long-time fixture in the President's office and, even.
: though she was just an orderly, was always considered one of the family.
: She had a way of talking to the President, and it was known that she was
2 agold mine of information about the people who lived and workedon the
Hill, because she heard all the dirt. : :

Mrs. Preston was a Grandma, but she never atténded moots because
she was always afraid J. Edgar was following her. And usually, he or his G-
Men were. She knew secrets about hirn, burt still couldn'r break with the
Litany and expose the rest of the Garou to possible attack. Still, she would
often remind the President that it would help to meditate at the shrines
of Jefferson. and Lincoln, thereby gaining wisdom.

Mrs. Preston retired after Truman left office. Despite her highly placed
position, she never was a Rat Fink, and has never betrayed a President's
trust. She saw her advisory role as her sacred dury to Gaia. She lives ina
townhouse in Georgetown these days, and has finally beer able to go to
moots. Since J. Edgar died, the G-Men found other suspects to follow. To
this day, a lerrer from Mrs. Preston will get wheels turning in the White
House.

ree

WA NS

Shakespeare

(Written by Tale-Nobody-Knows, a Stargazer Ragabash from Los
Axigeles, who threatened to beat me unless I put this in. His opinions are

his own.
stay-)

Among the Wolvesof the Rat have met, the oneI call Wisdom-with-
Whiskers is perhaps the best of them all. I stand up for my friend because
no one else will. He has helped many of the Garou and the People time
ancl time again. He is a boon traveler, and the winds of fate blow him on
his journeys.

He was born under the half moon in an alleyway outside the Morton
‘Theatre in New York City, and has forever lived his life around the stage.
He grew up in libraries, nvuseums and theatres, listening to syrnphonies
and opera, and watching ballet from the dark comers ofadisused balcony.

He did nor choose the path of introspection and meditation, much to
the dismay of the Stargazers, who would have taken him. No, he was true
to his Bone Gnawer nature and took on the task of going forth and
educating all those he could. He has contributed much to Bone Gnawer
society simply by traveling between its diverse regions —— the same yet
different in each city —~ and carrying word of them throughout the land.
He is a one-man Johriny Appleseed —— his stories spread seeds of new
community and renewal in the towns through which he passes.

I've craveled with himoften enough. Heusually entersacityand makes
friends with tribal elders there. Then, one by one, he takes street people,
Bone Gnawers, and others. From thesehe creates aragtag troupe of actors.
He trains them himself, teaching them about the Bard and thestreet roots
of theatre. When he leaves, he leaves behind new members of the
Frankweilers.

Above all, Shakespeare is the gadfly, the asker-of- hard-questions, the
incontrovertible evidence that the Bone Ginawers are not the tribe we
think they are. Like them, we must learn to find treasures amongst the
trash of the ciry, to discover the true worth of the Gnawers. Once we do,
let the W/yrm tremble, and let the mighty take note: the Children of Rat
will not be denied.

%

and because he knows Kailindo, I guess that's the way they'll

L


yee -—f DEORE —

Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Avuspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: A. Concept: ¥
J7__ ac Soiree
Physical Social ~ Mental
Strength, @eo0000 Charisma @eo00o0 Perception, @eo0000
Dexterity. @eooo0o Manipulation. @O000 Intelligence OOOO.
Stamina, @o0000 Appearance + 0 OOOO Wits e@0000
enamel Lo wntionrm ae
a a 4 Abilities new
Talents kills Knowledge
Alertness ooO000 Animal ios o0000 Computer. O0000
Athletics o0000 Drive ferelezere) Enigmas. Oo0000
Brawl oo0000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation. oo0000
Dodge oo0000 Firearms oO0000 Law. oO0000
\ : Empathy. oo000 Melee forelererem Linguistics 00000
Expression. O0000 Leadership O0000 Medicine oo0000
Intitnidation, oO0000 Performance elerere:s) Occult O000O0
Primal-Urge o0000 Repair oOo0000 Politics, O0000
Streetwise oo0000 Stealth, Coo000 Rituals OOoO000
Subterfuge ono0000 Survival ferelerere) Science O0000
wena wene cme mg Advantages —mcmecemmcme Zo momar
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts oO
o0000 "
o0000
O0000
o0000

ARE 1010 1 rome At Rage senna emcerrrmcwnnant Eh lt |x mmo
cooot@%hoco0oo Sef PC Ce 90 000 Bruised o
OOOO CICIC OOOO Injured 4 =
ooo°o ors 0.0 0 0 TTF GNOSIS ammeter Wounded 2 1
OOOO ooo 0o Oo CO OO oO vole 2 = gi

ripp "
oo 90 o tem oO-0-°0 OOOOOOOOO Incapacitated CI
NOOO een Ci llpower ——4 Weakness ——_anam
eens Rank — aon o0 0 00.0 OO 0 Oo +1 SOCIAL ROLL
oooooooooo en eibes

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

wmirnaniat EO 9411 D meteor

Appearance o :
Manipulation C3).
Difficulty: 6:

—Cri 110 S meflone
Strength. ¢ +4)

Dexterity ;
Stamina & a

INCITE: DELIRIUM

"- IN-HUMANS |

a

wenn Other Cr aits ——_tinu

00000
00000
00000
o00000
oo0000
Oo0000
oo0000
o0000
O0000
oo0000
00000
oo0000
00000
o0000
00000
foleterere,
oc000
00000
folererere
O0000
: o0000
00000

Hispo——~
Strength (+3)
Dexterity. «+ 2 2
Stariina ¢ #3) 0
Manipulation' C-3)_
+1 eee amas

-—p One UATIERS

‘Glabro—tm

LU PU Srmtloinw
Strength (+1 )-

Dexterity (+2)
Stamina. (#2)

wwe Fetishes Lara

Itemi (1 Dedicated ™ Level Gnosis
Power,

leer: EC Dedicated Level Gmosis
Power,

ltern: CDedicated "Level Gnosis
Power.

Item: Cl Dedicated . Level Cmnosis
Power,

ean Sf humor armsvvancet

ae pen

Maneuver/Weapon. Roll Difficulty

Damage

Range

Rate

Maneuver Roil

Bite Dex ¥ Brawl
Body Slam Dex + Brawl
Claw Dex + Brawl
Grapple Dex + Brawl
Kick Dex + Brawl
Punch Dex + Brawl

Brawling Chart

Diff "Damage

A md OR OR me

Strength'+ 1}
Special
Strength + 2+
Strength
Strength + 1
Strength

+ These maneuvers do aggravated damage.

Armor:


—= Expanded Backgr ound omen

Allies Resources
| Contacts Pure Breed
| Kinfolk Past Lite
Wentor Pack Totem

mre Af Stutf

Gear (Cartied)

Equipment (Owned)

mn Shas. Sept

Narre

i
'
a

Caern Location

Alaa nf Experience male
TOTAL:
Gained From:
aw :
TOTAL SPENT:
Spent Oni:

" a Level Type
we! a Totem

" E Leader.

\ eae

\ wis

Oe —-— Boys Cnswecas' — =

"| Prelude |

Hair
Eyes
Race
Nationality.
Sex

\w\

Height Weight
Homid Battle Scars

Glabro
Crinos
Hispo Wtetis Deformity.
Lupus

Pack Chart Character Sketch

|


PMY BROTHERS ANOS SISTERS! For
HAVE FOUGH

1 PROPOSE we FORGE A UNITY
PACT ALL TRIG WILL
CONTRIBOTE MEMBERS FOR
Spear we wit aoe THe

¥ {SREEOING GROUNGS,


UNITY TAKES TOO
WHAT FOOLISHNESS! You LONG! WONT HELP
WOULO NEGCECT TILL AFTER THE
APOCALYPSE!

YOU WASTE OUR TIME
WE CON'T TRUST WITH THIS POINTLESS
ZOU ING, TALK! WHILE WE
BLIGHT! | MEAN, PRATTLE, THE Sc Tl
BLYTHE. BANES CONTINUE TO
POISON THE BA"

WISELY SAID! IT 1S TiMe
FOR ACTION. LET US
FORM A COMPROMISE.

THEN LET ALL THE

BRAVE GO, ANC CET

ALL THE COWARDS

REMAIN SOUATTING
HERE.

LET US UNDERTAKE A REACHING
THE SCUTTLE

THE <, Liab Si ~VVIDES
AUNITY PACT. BUT IF WE SUCCEED
ALL TRIBES IN THE
PROTECTORATE: Witt JOIN THE

oN s


--pitG SOE WILL CARE TK
! OUR BA
NTT oT! pRotber te Bes
. . TOIN HIM, BLYTHE
ACTUALLY SUCCEED! BUT IF
WE OF! iN ALL.

i .
. JHE ENO OF EE UNITY
PACT, AMEE Fie CEACERSHIF

AND IF HE SUSCEEDS WITHOUT

- : oO
° " 4 " ACCOMPLISHMENTS: WILL NOT
iS FROM lsc & THEN.

#
THiBeS 4 HOW,
DETHRONG THE TO:
WVER FANGS?

THAT DCOESN'T -
MATTER!

AD LONG AS THE WYRM GROWS
MORE POW EEE PNOER HS

THE TRIBES WIL CISCARO HIM
S, THERE

iT Was JusT A ae ae naa . u

THOUGHT. }
WITHORAW IT.

WE, in
SPIRIT WORLD

VERY WELL.
BO, BUT YOu Must
CO THE CEEC.

US TO UNIFY,

GOVCESS PROTECT US! WHA
MARCHE SS WOULD POSSES BA To
MAKE A REO TALON RAGAGBASH?


THE NEAR UMBRAR


COME ON THEN! SEE HOW
A CHILO OF GAIA CiES!


SER Ge! SB ,
1 - i WILL KILL yOu IF
ISE AGAIN. | : MUST. BUT 1 CANNOT
oO HATE YOu, PATTERN
SPIVERS.,

NOURE THIS,
To.

SPEAK TO Mie,
SPIRIT FRING

YOU ARE NOT OF THE
WYRM. BUT YOU HAVE THE

ABOUT YOU, PAIN
ECHOES IN yOuUrR EVERY
MOVE.

THE PEACE OF GAIA
iS EVEN FOR SUCH
AS YO, ANGUISH


SHOW ME THE
WYRM-GRUB'S
CLAIR, SPIRIT
FRIENC.

IT LOOKS LEKE yOu
FOUND SOMETHING TOO
BIS TO COCOON, my

PATTERN SPIDER
FRIENC.

FREE YOUR _FRIENCS
WHILE |} DISTRACT 17.


f THE WHOLE PLAN WAS A
CISASTER. WE NEVER GOT
NEAR THE WYRM LAIR FOR THE
DAMNED SPICERS,

WE WERE CuckKkY
WE ONLY LOST
ONE.

ANC WE WERE LUCKY THAT
THE ONLY CASUALTY WAS THE
FAILEO LEADER WHO

PROPOSEO _ THE FOOLISH
ICEA.

AND LEONIOC WILL
WE ARE NOW H LEAD US IN_LAN
REACY TO SIGN THE ENTHUSIASTIC
UNITY PACT. UNITY CANCE.

YES! un, OF
course! Yes!


WY

\ ideas

. | J Am the Healing of the Wor lp

. ae by CDaniel Greenberg with Heather Curatola

—————s

Credits

Authors: Dariiel Greenberg with Heather Curatola

Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: Heather Bryden

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Comic book art: Dan Smith

Art: Richard Kane Ferguson, SCAR Studios (Antoinette
Ryder and Steve Carter), Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

Front and Back Cover: Robert Dixon

Back Cover Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
& SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. AU rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes
of reviews, and blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire
the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Aion, Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Black Furies
Tribebook, Bone Gnawers Tribebook, Children of Gaia
Tribebook and Litany of the Tribes are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any Company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, Characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. ~
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.

ag AIA AIT PP EE ce A CNT

Special Chanks

Andrew"The candyman can" Greenbérg for the boozy
chocolate he brought back from Germany.

Phil "Moon struck" Brucato for his all-nighters on the
Book of Madness.

Mike "Backed up" Tinney for mopping up in che girl's
room.

lan "Card shark" Lernke for refusing to mark the Change-
ling cards. :

Jennifer "Juiceless" Hartshorn for not bringing nature's
goodness when it was her job.

Erin "©.J." Kelly for bringing nature's goodness now that
it's her job.

Cynthia "Into the Spawning Pool" Summers for taking
control of the Labyrinth.

Ken "Dirty rat" Cliffe for finding another friend in his
house what a popular lair for rodentia.

Bill "Boring" Bridges because nobody could come up with
arry Special Thanks for him.

Author's (Dedication

To all who strive to wage peace and change the world by
changing themselves, this book is affectionately and re-
spectfully dedicated.

Special thanks to Tiffany Devon .Borders, Playtester
Extraordinaire.

Wore from White Wolf

Weare always happy to answer any of your gaming
questions, but there are a few things you can do to ensure you
get a response.. White Wolf Magazine will soon be institut-
ing a White Wolf question and answer column. .You can
send your questions care of the magazine or the particular
line the question concerns (Werewolf, Vampire, Mage,
Wraith, Mind's Eye Theatre): Please submit your queries by
mail in writing.

If you want a personal reply rather than an answer in the
magazine, it is very importantly that you send a self addressed
stampéd envelope (SASE). We cannot send a reply unless a
SASE is included with the question. If you're desperately
awaiting a response to your questions and it hasn't arrived,
maybe you didn't send a SASE. Also, we cannot return long
distance phone calls, so send your queries in writing.

If you want to send a proposal for a sourcebook, you must
also have a Disclosure Form. You can get that by sending us
a letter asking for it, accompanied by aS ASE. We donot buy
ideas, so please do not send ideas in. We hire writers to write
our sourcebooks,.and it is up to them to provide the ideas.

‘Thanks a lot!

vay

WY

L


NAY

—t
| Contents
Legends of the Garou: Wounds of the World 1
_ Introduction: Exultation of Gaia 12
. Chapter One: Following the Rainbow Trail 14
| Chapter Cwo: Che Path of Peace . 30
Chapter Chree: Che Whole of the Goddess 42 ZS
Appendix One: Powers 48 a
Appendix Cwo: Character Cemplates S4
Appendix Chree: Che Blessed 66
Children of Gaia Character Sheet 69
| y
or

° f Contents il


Beloved, gaze in thine own heart,
The holy tree is grosving there;
From joy theholy branches start,
And all the trembling flowers they bear,
The changing colors of its fruit
Have dowered the stars with merry light:
The surety of its hidden root
Has planted quiet in the night.
~— William Butler Yeats, "The Two Trees"

Join with me, my child: Bring your pain-wracked body and
Change-wracked spirit unto me, and [-shall_-hold you and give
you comfort.

Your courage and strength through thé rigors of the Change
have served you well. When first you entered Gaia's outer realm
through the vehicle of your mother's womb, you summoned the
infinite courage and valor of new life to survive the ordeal of
pain and fear. Now you have entered the shadowy border
between Gaia's outer and inner realms through the vehicle of
your own body. You have summoned the infinite courage and
valor of that mightiest of spirit warriors, the newborn child, to
survive this new agony. You are reborn in your full form, blessed
by Gaia. To survive your second .birth is to possess all the
courage you need to face the challenges of the world. Only one
birth awaits you now. The final birth that will return you to the
bosom of the Goddess, and the inner world of Gaia.

But before that day, Gaia has work for you.

Cast your senses about, and behold the world with your new
eyés, your new ears, your new nose, your new tongue, your new
skin, your new knowing, your new being. What a world of

introduction

wonders our senses disclose! The bounry here is infinite; and
springs from that sarne eternal source of life that offered you up
as a benediction to the world.

Smell how the wind celebrates your presence! Hear how the
animals of the forest sing your song! Taste how the plants of the
earth rejoice in yourcommunion with them! See how Lunaand
all the Celestines shine upon you and bathe you with their
infinite light! Feel the vibrant pulse of the world's living aura
cradling your new flesh. Know the love of Gaia in the space
above your eyes and throughout your being. Be joy.

The universe hallows you, and offers up its entirety to your
succor and increase. There is no place so bleak, so dark, so
corrupt, that the love of Gaia cannot pierce it. Even in the
deepest pit of the Wyrm, if you seek for Gaia you shall find Her.

The soul of Gaia is without limit. Your spirir is without limit.
You have entered this land of false divisions to heal the rifts,
bind up the wounds, and dry the tears of life. You will succeed.
Gaia has foreseen. it.

Welcome to the world.

NWN

\ wsihaunshonnteennet — {Wy


we SSS

=
id

UE.' ob
\
\

\ WW

a S
AS <q wa! Wy OZ
oN) LW Ws -&
z NY v

ap


Do not return evil to-your adversary; requite kindness to the one who does evil to you.
~~ Sumerian (Akkadian) maxim,.ca: 2350 Bc.
Do the other good, that he may do good for you.
——. Sacred proverb of the Goddess Maat, ca. 2050 B.C., Egyptian Middle Kingdom
Who does wrong to another; does wrong to himself.
— Teachings of the Goddess Dike, ruler of Fate, ca. 1000 B.C.
Do good to other beings as if they were yourself.
—= Tantric proverb,-ca. 750 B.C.
Do unto others what you wish to do unto yourself.
— Confucius, ca. 500 B.C.
What ye sow, that ye shall reap.
— Buddhist scripture, ca. 450 B.C.
Do not do unto others what thou wouldst not they should do unto you. This is the whole of the law.
— Hillel, ca. 25 B.C.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you:
Love your enemies as yourself.
wwe Jesus Christ,.ca- 30 A.D.

Stretch out upon thé good, warm earth, my child, and 4 he One f egeno

revel in the nighttime smell of the grass and the lilacs. The
crickets and the night birds will sing as the calm, still night
breathes with you. Relax your battered body, calm your
fevered mind, ‘and unfold your pure, pure soul, as I tell you
of the journey undertaken by your ancestors. I will tell you
of how you came to be here, and where you may one day take
us, beloved of Gaia.

There is but one story, and it is told a thousand ways.
"There is buc one truth, and ic wears a million masks. There
is but one light, and it breaks into the infinite colors of the
rainbow. There is but one Soul, arid we can see it when we
look into our world, ourselves, and, most importantly, our
enemies.

Chapter One: Following the Rainbow Trail IS

wy

aN

Ly


There was a time before time, when the world was one,
and division unknown. We call this time the Golden Age.
Many legends tell of a time when all bellies were full, and all

each other. We lived in .a constant state of bliss. ..

When division came, Gaia was rent apart, .arid lay in
tatters. Each shred of Gaia is one of us, or someone else.

Some among the Garou seek a return to that blissful land.
But some among the Children of Gaia say the division was
necessary to.Gaia's evolution. Therefore we can never
return to that point, but we can progress to something even
greater.

You will hear much, in your lifetime, of the division —~the
sundering of matter and spirit. You shall hear how the Wyrm
tore apart the two worlds, and how the Weaver holds them
separate. In your aislings you shall travel to hypnotic worlds
of pure spirit. Know you that the Gauntlet between. the
worlds of matter and spirit is a wound in Gaia's flesh. Ir must
be healed, and we shall heal it. But the world that shall result
shall be —

Ah, but lam getting ahead of the story.

Che First (Death

In the béginning, the world was one... Then the world
divided into Wyrm, Weaver and Wyld. Worlds spun intro
existence, and creatures were given form. Through Gaia,
love sprang from the source of life. All beings had enough to
eat and breathe and drink.

When the division cleft spirit from matter, great scarcity
followed. Those on the material side suffered from lack of
spiritual sustenance.. Those on the spiritual side suffered
from lack of physical substance. Gaia suffered to-feel her
children suffer. The soul of the world was being eaten by the
Wyrm.

Gaia called upon her children to rescue her-from the
Eater-of-Souls. Of all her creatures; only Wolf succeeded in
the task.-But in saving Gaia, Wolf perished. He was the first
to cross the threshold into Death. But through his love of the
Goddess, Wolf was reborn as the Child of Gaia, knowing the
secret of death. The Silver Fangs tell this tale, and it is true.
But the Fangs claim only they are descended from the Wolf
who saved Gaia, and all other tribes are descended from
other wolves. This is not true. Indeed, there were no other
wolf tribes in that pre-rime.. There was only Wolf.

We are all the descendants of Wolf, and we all know the
secret of Death. We hold it within our hearts, and will one
day use it to overcome evil and triumph in the Apocalypse.
We are all Children of Gaia.

After the first apocalypse, humankind and animals spread
across the earth. The Garou dispersed as well, and formed
small enclaves as they went. But they all were descendants ~
of the Tribe of Tribes, and so they are all Children of Gaia.

The notion of separate tribes isa hollow lie. All Garou are
one tribe. Division is a clever illusion of the Weaver, and
rivalry a wicked curse laid by the Wyrm: Most Garou forgot

al
j

dS

creatures loved each other. For without division, we were ©

IG Children of Gaia

cn I gE AAT AT PP EE OCI! AF CE A

their heritage as a single people and scorn'the unity of the
One Tribe, so you must remember it for them. They willtreat
you as an outsider. You must not treat them so. You must
treat them as your brothers and sisters, for such they are. You
shall not return attacks in kind. You shall not return injury
with injury. Instead, you shall show them firm and under-
standing love, as you would a wayward brother. The sacri-

- fices of our ancestors demand no less.

Che Second (Death

Even after Wolf saved Gaia, -dark times were still upon
Her. All creatures wept in the shadow of the Gauntlet. The
Beast-of-War and his minions ran rampant,.slaughtering

" creatures and destroying food. For the first tire, the world

knew war. War bred still more want and lack. Some wolves
committed unspeakable acts, and fought against each other
over scraps... They formed alliances to gain strength by

excluding others. This is the way of the Wyrm. This evil gave

birth to the tribes.
To have more for themselves, sorne killed the pups of
other wolves: This transgression horrified Gaia. She la-

mented the deaths of the pups, and her tears formed a bower .

for their tiny spirits. There, in that one holy spot in the shade
of the World Tree, Gaia nurtured the innocents. At a time
when all the living world went hungry, the martyred pups
were filled.

As she fed them, Gaia taught them. Like all wolves, the
pups already knew the secret of Death. The Goddess now
taught the pups the secret of Life. You shall learn these
secrets betimes.

And Gaia said unto them, "You wére once pups of all
tribes. Now you are pups of one tribe: the Tribe of All Life."
But she also added, quietly, "Once you were pups of one
Tribe. Now you are pups of all tribes. For all tribes are one."

Gaia then returned the adult pups to the world, saying,
"The Wyrm breeds scarcity, fear and shame... Gaia sows
abundance, hope and joy.-All living creatures must chose
berween these two. You, my dearest children, ‘shall show
them the way."

The other tribes were sore amazed at the purity of the
newly risen Children of Gaia, and laid down their weapons.
"The Children forgave the tribes for slaughrering them. Ali
Garou pledged to work together and to heed Gaia's will, as
ome tribe.

However; most Garou still carry three illusions from those
days... They still think the tribes are separate from: one
another. They are nor. All Garou are Children of Gaia. Most
Garou think all living creatures are separate from oné
another. They are not. All living creatures are Children of
Gaia. Our brothers and sisters think rhat the enemies of Gaia
and the minions of the W/yrm are separate from them. They
are not..All enemies of Gaia are still Children of Gaia' This
is the greatest, and most difficult of lessons.-I pray that you
learn it, as I pray that I continue to learn it.

Ae |

\ wad


Che Chird Death

The Garou, the humans anid the animals all ranged across
the world. They expanded and multiplied, for such is the
bounty of Gaia. But the Wyrm expanded as well. The Wyrm
revealed itself through three faces —— three forms on earth.
Two of the three faces, the Eater-of-Souls and the Beast-of-
War, tried to destroy life and humankind wherever they
éould. But the Garou and other followers of Gaia defended
Life, and Life was too strong to be destroyed. But there was
yet one aspect of the Wyrm: the Defiler. This face of the
Wyrm did not strike directly, where we could see it. Instead,
it burrowed deeply into the corners of humankind's heart,
corrupting them, and teaching hate. But the Children of
Gaia offered a different path, a path of healing.

So long as matter remains torn from spirit, the world will
be a place of tears, where even Gaia weeps. But to heal the
Gauntlet, we must heal the division within our own hearts.
This healing will not appear as increased joy, but as in-
creased suffering. Until the Gauntlet closes completely,
each merging of matter and spirit will be painful; the agony
before the ecstasy. When the wall comes down, the pain will
be so great that the Children of Gaia will know athird death,
before the ultimate rebirth.

This wisdom I bring you is High Lore, little pup. You shall
hear secrets unknown to the greatest Garou of other tribes.
For many of our brothers and sisters are oblivious to the
deception of the Defiler Wyrm, and the third rebirth of the
Children of Gaia. Remember that what I tell you of the
Defiler Wyrm is not perceived by other tribes. But you shall

"learn more of this later. 1 am getting ahead.of the story...

"Che Jmpergium

The Defiler, craftiest of all the W/yrm-faces, conceived a
plan. to use the bounty of Gaia against Her. It knew that the
Eater-of-Souls and the Beast-of-War would nevet be strong
enough to destroy all Life and bring the Apocalypse... The
only force that powerful is Life itself.

So the Defiler concocted a scheme of surpassing evil. It
wanted to trick humankind into breeding more people than
the earth could hold. Fertility is the foundation of life, but
like all things, it must occur within its own time and cycle.
The other Wyrm faces did not understand the power of
corrupting fertiliry, but the Defiler knew. It knew that too
many rats in a confined cage would destroy one another. It
knew that too many humans would destroy the land with
wastes, rape the land unril it cannot restore itself, and make
‘war over scarce resources.

The Defiler chose to exploit the greatest gift given by
Gaia: an endless capacity for love. Unlike the rest of Gaia's
creatures, who.can only breed during specific cycles of the
seasons, Gaia offered unto humanity the blessed gift of
loving and breeding at all times and all seasons, frorn the
start of adult life to the very end. Through every one of the
myriad acts of consenting love do people come to know

gL A ASL AT BA PEE AS EP Pe CELA PE

Gaia. Even the most wicked, Wyrim-tainted person sees Gaia
at the height of passion. (This is why we seem to "blank out"
at the zenith of lovemaking. For we have beheld the face of
Gaia, and the image is too great to bring into the limited
confines of our conscious minds....}

The Wyrm sought to corrupt that capacity. It believed it
could use this great gift to trick humankind into filling up
every corner of the earth with people. The only flaw in its
plan is that the vast majority of humans naturally choose to
limit the size of their families to sustainable levels.

Many peoples choose not to have sexual relations during
the period of lactation. Children are born at least three to
four years apart. This natural spacing allows parents to give
each child adequate attention. It gives each child several
years to be the natural focus of her parerits' love during her
neediest years, which reduces sibling jealousy and hate. The
greatest inoculation from the temptations of the Defiler is
parental love and attention during the first years of life.
Neglected children are not immunized from corruption by
the Defiler, and lash out against all vulnerable creatures.

To overcome humankind's natural abstinence from sex

during lactation, the Defiler invented rape. Rape is un-

known among animals in natural settings. But the Defiler
tempted some ‘wounded males, and encouraged them to
overcome women by force, to turn love into violence. They
turned women from lovers and partners to rape victims and
slaves. They made women the chattels of men, so that the
humans who bore the babies would have little say in the
number of children they brought into the world. Our Black
Fury sisters can tell you more of this process.

Humankind began to overbreed rapidly. They began to
exhaust resources, and poison the land with wastes. Greater
numbers of humans led to greater organization. They began
to worship the Weaver, for the Weaver showed them how to
live together in large groups. The rise of the Weaver fright-
ened the Garou more than the root cause of the problem: the
Defiler Wyrm. Rather chan restore Gaia's decree that men
and wornen be equal partners, the Garou chose to destroy
excess humans. It was ashameful dayforus all. The Impergium
had begun.

Allover the world, the Garou savagely killed humans and
their children to prevent the human tribes from growing too
fast. This was against Gaia's will, and bred horrors upon the
world that were far worse than the Wyrm's plan. We fell from
our place as sacred spirit protectors of humanity, and became
humankind's most primal fear. We created the Delirium.

‘The Silver Fangs would not listen to reason. They were so
sure the Weaver would destroy us that they refused to even
listen to arguments against the Impergium: They insisted
that if the Weaver prevailed, the Wyld would be destroyed.
But we persevered, and continued to reveal che preat damage
we were doing to the human race, ourselves and Gaia.

Finally, the Children of Gaia unified behind an all-or-
nothing plan to stop the killing. We faced down the legions
of great Garou -Ahrouns whose entire lives and status were
built on slaughtering humans to keep the population down.

Chapter One: Following the Rainbow Trail i7

WY

\\

YY


And we told them they had to stop. They hated our message,
and fought our challenge." They scorned us, ridiculed us,
slandered us, attacked us, assassinated us. But through it all
‘we stood firm, and continued to hold them accountable for
their actions. We gained more and more supporters from all
the tribes as°we took the worst punishment they could
deliver. Though they battered us to the ground, still we rose
again, still we reriewed our stand, still we forgave our perse~-
cutors: The blood of our dead cried out from the parched
earth, their spirits calling for justice ina louder voice than
the tongues of our living.

With the backing of the Black Furies, we brought a
challenge before all the tribes. We stood up to the assembled
council of all Garou, knowing that if we did not prevail, our
tribe would likely not survive the challenge. We arranged for
the challenge to be Gamecraft. They accepted, and sent a
Silver Fang King who was more adept at Gamecraft than any
of us. We chose as our champion not one of our own, but a
Stargazer.

The Stargazer's wisdom brought our brothers arid sisters
face to face with thernselves. The Garou knew profound
shame. We immediately ceased the Impergium, and deposed
the leaders who had profited frorn it.

And we forgave them all.

This proves a great teaching of the Children of Gaia:
When we react against every evil Wyrm scheme, we fail.

ig Children of Gaia

PO

When we act on our own principles, we sticceed. Meditate
upon that. It is a lesson the Children of Gaia draw upon to
this day.

This was a great logs to the Wyrm, since the Impérgium
rooted dementia and fear into the psyche of humankind.
Stopping the killing meant that humankind would not be
driven utterly mad by the Impergium. However, it was also
a gain for the Wyrm, since it was now free to urge humans to
breed out of control.

Though we were ready to rest and savor our victory, our
task was more urgent than éver before. We had to rebuild our
tribe, shattered by the murder of our greatest leaders, and
create a tribe for the future.

"Che Cities

As humans bred all out of control in the old world, the
Weaver grew in power. Humans built great farming commu-
nwities, then towns, then cities. In each, the forces of hate
tried to silence the forces of love. In most lands, Gaia was
worshipped with reverence: Inheritance and descent flowed
through women, and most of the noble queens refused the
Wyrm 's supplication to abuse the males over whom they had
dominion.

From the earliest days, we and our Kinfolk worked with
humankind, teaching them to build holy sites where they


would be safe from the Wyrm, and to bind up Wyrm minions
under monoliths and standing stones. We showed them the
sacred acts of worship and fertility, which are always one and
the sarne. We taught them how to harvest Gaia's bounry
without destroying her capacity to bear. We taught them
that acts of love create children, and we initiated them into
the men's and women's mysteries that allowed them to limit
the size of their families. We showed them the herbs and
gems and cloths that Gaia created to grant them holy
authority over their destiny by having children only when
they chose.

The Defiler Wyrm was wroth. All its patierit scheming
and plotring would go to naught if people could choose not
to breed, and not to use the land without restoring it. The
Defiler used all its power to frighten humankind. It again
encouraged rape, the subjugation of women, and the forcing
of women to bear more children than they could nurture.
The Wyrm forbid the use of the birth control methods we
had taught them.

And so children were botn into squalor, regret and resent-
ment, instead of abundance, welcome and joy. The Defiler
did more damage than the Eater-of-Souls and the Beast-of-
Wear, because it single-handedly caused more suffeting than
all the work of destruction and war. For-only the Defiler
could corrupt Gaia's gift of love.

To this day, that wickedness remains our greatest chal-
lenge,.for children born in misery often become willing
servants of destruction and war. Those who have known the
unconditional love of a parent move to the rhythms of Gaia,
and their empathy for all life is in full flower.. Those who
have known the conditional love of burdened, resentful
parents are out of harmony with Gaia, and comfortable only
in the presence of limit and lack. Their empathy is small and
shriveled, an unnourished seed pod.

And yet, despite these tremendous obstacles, even the
least and worst-treared human can show profound spiritual-
icy. They are so deeply connected to Gaia that only an all-
out siege on their inner holiness can disconnect them from
Her. And even then, a great shock like the death of a loved
one, the birth of a child, or a night of passion cam reconnect
them. to the deepest wellsprings of their soul.

We Children of Gaia often arrogantly take credit for
sowing mystery cults and Gaia worship among humankind,
but the truth is that humans have often led us. Their simple,
untutored connection to Gaia is awe-inspiring. To see them
heedlessly plunge into fire for the sake of a stranger, or hurl
themselves into death tro save a child, or give of their wealth
to make life better for others is wondrous to behold. Even
young children rush in to save others from danger. Gaia's
love and empathy is so deeply rooted in these people that
only the vilest of assaults and unending agony can shake it.
Despite an unending siege on their empathy, and the W/yrm's
powerful appeal to selfishness and greed, they still cannot
turn their faces completely away from their brothers and
sisters: the hungry, the homeless, the heipiess.

Powers of the Ancient
orld :

We guided the earliest civilizations of humankind, point-
ing them away from warlike pursuits and leading them to
rculership thar derives from love of Gaia; respect for the living
world and empathy for other men. The history of civilization
is the story of the Wyrm influencing a few bitter, insecure
people totry trocontrol the lives of all other men and women.
The Wyrm bids them abuse their brothers and sisters, bind
and enslave them, and eat the fruits of the others' labor. This
Wyrm-spawned appeal to selfishness and vanity is a power-
ful temptation indeed. It brings great wealth to a few, and
makes misery for the rest. Vast cOncentrations of wealth and
power maintained by force are the ferrile dung in which the
Wyrm breeds fastest...

Many humans shunned war and conquest and control of -
others." These men and women have lived in all cities in all .

times and in all places. But the temptations of the Wyrm are
great, and many humans succumbed. Warlike cities sprang
up near peace-loving ones. Cities in which men and women
ruled hand-in-hand were ever under atrack by cities in
which the Defiler had tempted men to envy the sacred
powers of generation; and to keép women as uneducated
beasts for breeding. We gave great support to the Black
Furies, as they fought to free women from the growing tides
of bondage and servitude.

In many places and times we instituted the rule of Gaia
love. But over time, the people grew complacent in the joys
of their liberty. They came to regard the work of freedom as
complete. They ceased ro struggle for their freedom, .and
came to worship the symbols of freedom won in the past. In
this stare they were ripe for corruption by the Defiler Wyrm.

We watched in horror in city after city as the Defiler
perverted the holy word, twisting the tools of freedom into
weapons of slavery and subverting the revealed truth of love
into irrational justifications of hatred. We established the
rule of love through symbols that reminded humans of the
love in their hearts, and spread peace and joy. The Defiler
Wyrm convinced humans to love their tribe or nation's
particular symbols and hate all who did not love those same
symbols, thus breeding war and suffering. We led revolts
against those who elevated the graven symbols over the love
they represent, and thus restored peace and joy. The Defiler
Wyrm convinced men to destroy the graven symbols of
others, and bred yet more war and suffering.

The Wyrm. found willing allies and pawns among the
ancient vampires. These tainted inhumans had lost their
natural comnection to the living world, and felt little com-
punction against harming the humans who were once their
fellows. They were eager to control the destinies of mortal
men and women, who they treated as little more than food.
We had some success working with them, as many were
terrified at the slow loss of self-control that comes with
surrendering to their unliving aspect. We also made success-

Chapter One: Following the Rainbow Trail ig

ww

L


ful alliances with powerful female vampires, who sometimes
felt a kinship with the mortal women who were losing their
rights of property, inheritance and self-determination under
the control of the Defiler Wyrm. Our cribe's ability to
occasionally find common cause with some vampires dates
from this era. But we must be careful, for vampires are no
longer tied to Gaia, and can betray without remorse or
compunction.

We were able to forge limited relations with the elves and
faeries and other elemental creatures, but many of these are
mercurial and cannot be fathomed. Their relationship to
Gaia is fascinating, to say the least.

Mages have worked with us on occasion, bur their arro-
gance toward their "unAwakened" fellow. humans causes
them to distrust our message of equality.
Guiding Civilization

We enjoyed great victories, and saw great failures in those
heady days when magic still coursed through the land.

When the Impergium was still new, Gaia revealed unto
all tribes a great secret. Half a world away was a land where
humans had never set foot. The assembled tribes selected
several strains of humankind, and led them away from the
Wyrm-ravaged lands to the New World. Some tribes re-
sented the departure of the Uktena, the Wendigo, and the
now-martyred Croatan tribes. But we heard Gaia's song, and
understood..We protected the backs of the three tribes as
they led their charges into the New World to purify the land
and themselves. Some .of us went along on the fabled
journey, disguised as members of the other tribes. But most
of the Children of Gaia remained behind, to defend our
needy charges in the Old World. The Old World tribes
would not see the other tribes again for thousands upon
thousands of years.

Some groups of Garou settled with individual strains of
humankind, to become their protectors. We, however, spread
out over the whole of the ancient world. We sought to help
all humankind, and not take sides with tribes; which some-
times led to Garou fighting Garou over human arguments.

Our work in the Old World was just beginning. Now that
hurnans were no longer culled, they would become a major
power. All the tribes were there to save humans from the
Wyrm. We had to be there to save humans from themselves.
We showed them the splendor of Gaia's love, and planted
seeds of compassion in their hearts. We tended those seeds,
and nursed the fragile buds that emerged imto full blooms.

Make every day a festival.

— Siduri Sabitu's advice to Gilgamesh, The Epic of
Gilgamesh . :

When the vampires seduced the great kings of the world
with visions of immortality at the price of their soul, many
succumbed. But we showed them a better way. A great Child
of Gaia heroine named Siduri Sabitu, divinely charged with
the radiance of the Goddess, poured a-cup of "reality re-
vealed" to the great Sumerian king Gilgamesh. In it, he saw

20 Children of Gaia

C—O

all the pleasures he would lose should he suécumb to vampiric
immortality: bathing, eating, drinking, raising children; and
especially making love. He understood his choice: unlife,
enslavement and power of the Wyrm, or life, freedom and
the joy of Gaia. He turned to Gaia; and became a great hero
and slayer of Wyrm-beasts.

Let the oppressed man who has a cause

Come into the presence of my statue,

And read carefully my inscribed stele.

— Hammurabi, ca. 1600 B.C, creating the first
published laws enshrining human rights.

We encouraged great kings and queens to incorporate
Gaia's love into their laws. Gaia's love always loses some-
thing in the translation to mandate, but it was important to
the emerging human civilizations. As a people yet in child-
hood, humans were eager to follow a parental summons. It
was vital that we lay down the parental law, lest we allow the
Wyrm to do so: (By way of contrast, humankind is today in
late adolescence, torn. between wanting the comfort of
external rules, and eager to break old limits and take newfound
responsibility-}

We showed them that Gaia's love is a commandment to
ereat all other creatures with empathy. In the Babylonian
empire, we guided Hammurabi to create compassionate laws
and fully publish them, that all might read and know their
rights. He mandated principles that protected the weak from
injury at the hands of the strong, punishments tempered to
fit the crime, and protection for women and children through
divorce and child support. These laws were far from perfect,
and we could not stop him. from heeding the Wyrm and
building vast wealth by enslaving his brothers. A legendary
Child of Gaia Ragabash hero helped loosen these slave laws.
He guided the Babylonians to grant slaves the right to
conduct business and even own other slaves!

I have not done iniquity,

I have not done violence to ayiy man...

lam Yesterday, Taday, and Tomorrow,

And I have the power to be born a second time:

—_ Egyptian Book of the Dead

In prehistory the Silent Striders made Egypt their sole
purview. They were willing to work with us when the Wyrm
was strong in the Nile Valley, but made it clear that Egypt
was theirs. We ranged across the rest of Africa, where the
lusty people venerated Gaia with great enthusiasm: We
protected them from the ravages of the Wyrm, who worked
to instill shame and debasement of women upon them.

The people of Egypt worshipped a pantheon of gods
descended from Gaia, gods charged with care for humankind's
soul. It was a golden age. We kept the Wyrm at bay, and
worshipped the eternal nature of Life. But the coming of the
vampires destroyed it all. They ushered in the Wyrm, and
turned the worship of holy rebirth im Gaia to the foul
worship of death and undeath.

The Wyrm perverted the worship of the Gaian gods,
filling the holy orders with corrupt, authoritarian, militaris-

NAY

WY

Uy


tic Wyrm-followers who ruled in secret through weak, fright-
ened, or wicked pharaohs: For millennia their power was
absolute. The very life was draining from the land. A simple
push by the Eater-of-Souls would cause the entire area to dry
up and die.

‘To save Egypt, we allied with the Stridets to recapture the
Nile Valley. Our great Kinswoman, Nefertiti, found a pow-
erful ally in anew pharaoh, Amenhotep IV. He then opened
himself to Gaia, who bathed him in Her radiance..She
protected him from the Wyrm-corrupted vampires who
tuled Egypt. She boldly burned the hell-spawn out of their
crypts with the Halo of the Sun:

The Pharaoh changed his name from Amenhotrep (Satis-
fying to the Gods) to Akhnaton (Beneficial to God}, and
founded a new religion based on a single powerful god of
light. This was the first true monotheistic religion, and it
crippled the Wyrm-spawn who had srolen the places of
Gaia's pantheon. To purge the priesthood of vampires,
Akhnaron built an open-sky temple to Helios, and literally
burned them out..Akhnaton's religion also stopped the
Eater-of-Souls' plan to destroy the Nile delta.

Akhnaton and Nefertiti spread teachings of perfect love,
openness, and non-conformity.. They loved beauty,: and
brought great art into the royal palaces. Their inner nobility
was inspiring to the people, and a new golden age began.
Akhnaton survived assassination attempts, and changed
many of the policies of Egypt. He ceased conquest, released

enslaved cities in the Mideast, renounced the powerful,
Beast-of-War-riddled military, and cut its funding. The
people loved him so much that the Wyrm could never budge
him from power.

But after Akhnaton's death, the W/yrm's forces converged
and took control again, handing power to his puppet son-in-
law, the callow Tutankhamen. They sought to destroy all
record of Akhnaton's existence, including even his name,
lest the story of his success spread, and inspire others. But the
Wyrm. beasts were never again as strong as they once had
been.

Moon's Creature"

— Cretan name for kings

Our ideals found greater flowering in Crete, where the
Minos,-or living aspect of the Moon-Goddess, ruled with a
human consort. The Wyrm targeted the land for utter
destruction, and there we fought our greatest struggle to
date. We prevailed, and sent a great Wyrm-beast back to the
abyss. But it was also a time of weeping, for we not only lost
a great empire to the Wyrm, but saw the last of the noble
*"Moon-bulls," or Minotaurs, as well.

Happy and blessed one,.you have become divine instead of
mortal.

~~ Dionysian initiation

Gaia's wisdom reached full flowering in Greece. The

people embraced Gaia love through Artemis, Demeter and


Hecate. They embraced rebicth through Pan-Dionysus, the
virgin-born king who is sacrificed, gives of his flesh to his
followers and is resurrected. The humans paid their respects
to us by worshipping Dionysus as half-man, half-beast. We
built a sanctuary of Zeus Lycaeus (Wolfish Zeus) and raughtr
people how to dedicate their souls to the divine. Our magic
was so strong that we opened a direct passage to the Umbra
within the sanctuary, and our grearest human disciples could
walk the Shadow. Wirh the aid of the Black Furies, we kept
the Wyrm at bay. :

We built on our success by turning mankirnd's Weéaver-
inspired intellect to pursuits founded on Gaian ethics. This
was a tare achievement, for in many lands the Wyrm found
fertile fields in hearrs where the Wyld was not strong. Under
our tutelage, the Athenians built equality into the founda-
tion: of the law. Rule deriving from the consent of the
governed reached new heights.

Our tribe's love of working out policy differences in public
discussion was highly regarded by the Greeks, and they built
their government around it. This shook up the old aristoc-
racy of Athens, which was as Wyrm-ridden as any other
before or since. New leaders came to power from. the lower

classes, on the strength of their ability to make their argu-

ments clear to the people. The system was not perfect, but it
kept the Wyrm from hoarding power and consolidating
control through his minions. Burt rhis step forward was

accompaniéd by a& step backward, as equality was only
accorded to males.

Nevertheless, women held more status in Greece than in
other burgeoning civilizations, due to a strong presence of
Black Furies. In an inspired move, our tribe and theirs

conspired with our Kinfolk to suspend a particularly foolish ©

city-state war by convincing rhe women to withhold sex
from their partners until the men renounced the war. After
a discomforting ordeal, the men agreed to end the war. This
account has been fictionalized by Aristophanes in his play,
Lysistrata, and is now considered nothing but a legend. But
you might read this play as a moving account of the ability
of one person to change a society through clever and peace-
ful subversion of the Wyrm.

Once Athenian democracy was established, we worked
tirelessly behind the scenes with our Kinfolk and like-
minded humans to create the Amphictyonic League, which
linked many city-states in'a great pact of peace. True to our
highest impulses to wage peace, we channeled men's Gaia-
given aggressive hatures into peaceful pursuits. This long-
term triumph was greater than all the myriad short-term
victories we achieved. Remember that. What good is the
murder of your enemy, if a new enemy arrives the following
day? Waging peace means far more than ending war.

All wars and hostilities would stop for a month every four
years for the celebration of peace in the Olympic games.

22 Children of Gaia

TT


i
i
od
|
i
i
:
|
t

People looked forward to the games for years, and the good
feelings generated by releasing rage in non-lethal games and
intellectual competition gave rise to peace treaties. People
could not bear arms during this time, and they had ro grapple
with solving their problems peacefully. After the games
ended, some wars ended as well, and treaties brokered during
this time lasted longer than others. We proved an important
Gaian notion here: democracies do not war with democra-
cies. The Wyrm set about destroying all future democracies,
and prevented the spread of democracy for a long, long time.
But it could not stop us forever...

Still, many of Greek-Gaian ideals took root in Rome, a
city founded by humans nursed by the wolf Lupa and sent
afloat down the Tiber river. The Children of Gaia literally
"nursed" thé fledgling Etruscan city into a repository that
could keep alive Greek ideals after the fall of Athens. Again,
the golden age of Gaia was upon the land. But it would not
last.. Rome too became corrupt,-and in desperate need of
change. That change would come, and it would shake the
world...

: One vision I see clear as life before me, that the ancient mother
has awakened once more, sitting on her throne rejuvenated, more
glorious than ever.

-- Sainr Ramakrishna, .on the God-
dess Kali-Ma

In India, a great pantheon -etnanated from Gaia, and
worship based on divinity, pleasure and the sanctity of lust
ensued. We instilled so strong a love of Gaia in the humans
there that they carved the entire exteriors of their holy
buildings with voluptuous representations of entwined lov-
ers. We brought the Tantric mysteries to full flowering here,
in our greatest success of the exaltation of holy pleasure since
Crete.

The grateful people acknowledged our work in founding
their cities They said that the goddess Kali assumed wolf-
Goddess form, entered the cave of the wolf, and gave birth
to the divine founder of their cities. She lovingly placed him
in a basket of rushes and sent hirn down the Ganges to his
destiny, sending him on the journey from the divine to the
mortal world.

The Weaver was far stronger than the Wyrm here, and
the societies were well-regimented. The evils of the caste
system grew more from Weaver regimentation than Wyrm
wickedness, and as a result it was much harder to root our.

We resisted the incursions of the Wyrm for a long time,
but slowly the Wyrm ate away at the rulers of this land,
leaving them corrupt. "The Kings even perverted the sacred
‘Tantric mysteries, and made slaves of the fairhful.

Into this came the Enlightened One,.a product of Gaian
bliss. The Buddha was born of the Lord of Hosts and the
Virgin (Maya), was tempted by the Evil
One, and his second coming would

signal the end of the world. He taught a powerful system of
inner peace that shattered the Wyrm's hold on the old
religion.

The Buddhaenlightened King Asoka, and convérted him
to Buddhism. Asoka made great strides to end the injustice
of the caste system, and end sacrifices that strengrhened the
Wyrm. But after his death his reforms were crushed.

Alas, like many great prophets, Buddha was not accepted
in his own homeland. Forrunately, his word was heard in the
East, where pacifist mystery cults sprang up to worship him.

In the world there is nothing more submissive and weak than
water. Yet for attackirig that whichis hard and strong, nothing can
surpass it.

—~ Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching ~

The Children of Gaia journeyed into the far corners of
Asia, where we suffered great losses at the hands of the
terrifying eastern vampires, who are infinitely more power-
ful than their western counterparts, and far more' knowl-
edgeable. Likewise, the dragons there were not the same as
Western Wyrmbeasts. We communed with these dragons,
and learned great secrets. With the aid of the Stargazers, who
welcomed our presence, we were able to have a strong
influence on the thoughts of humankind. Our eastern broth-
ers and sisters still have access to secrets unknown to much
of our tribe. It is rumored that they hold secrets of the
Apocalypse.

24

Children of Gaia

wane, reins

We helped codify a set of Confucian laws based of
benevolence. To please the imperial powers of China, we
appealed to "enlightened self-interest," and explained that
it made good empire-building sense for people to be able to
put themselves in the position of others and: treat them
accordingly. The Gaian wisdom that benevolence must be
cultivated within before it can be manifested without found
strong root here. Some of its manifestations surprised us.
None of us were prepared for Lao Tzu, who spoke parables so
full of enigmatic wisdom that even the Stargazers were taken
aback.

However, the Indian prince who became the Buddha
would finally heal many of the wounds of Asia: It would take
the Wyrm a long time to subvert the new Buddhist teachings
and use them again for subjugation. Even to this day that
takeover is not complete.

My peace I give unto you.

—~ Jesus Christ

As with so many other races, the ancient Semitic people
once worshipped the goddess, Elohim, and the male god,
Yahweh..Like all early people, inheritance and rulership
passed from the woman. Many of their great rulers were
fernale, like Debo-rah, who judged all of Israel. We encour-
aged the Israelites ro walk the path of peace, and prize love
for all.

This was corrupted by the Wyrm, who took advantage of
Sexual insecurity to destroy tolerance and female authority,
and advocate violence and slavery. As the Wyrm prevailed,
Gaia was excised from the holy books. Words meaning

"Goddess and God" were interpreted to méan only "God".

Yahweh was set above all other Hebrew gods, and then made
the only god. His aspect became darker and more warlike.
However, this warlike hubris could not save the Hebrews
from enslavement by rhe Romans. But Gaia's love would.

While the Hebrew people were enslaved by Rome, they
teceived a new messenger of Gaian bliss. Similar to the
Enlightened One, the Buddha, was the Anointed One,
Jesus, who likewise advocated humility, peace, nonviolence
and unconditional love. Jesus too, was born of the Lord of
Hosts and the Virgin (Mary), and so too his second coming
would signal the end of the world..Like the Buddha, he
taught a powérful system of inner peace that shattered the
Wyrm's hold on the old religion... Alas, like many. great
prophets, he was not accepted in his own. homeland. Fortu-
mately, his word was heard in the West, where pacifist
mystery cults sprang up to worship him.

Jesus' teachings créated amazing changes in. the region:
Christians took the Sermon on the Mount ‘literally, and
renounced arms. They refused to serve in. the Roman Le-
gions, and resisted the ‘draft..One Christian monk,
‘Telemachus, stopped gladiatorial combats by fearlessly throw-
ing his body between combatants. After he was beaten to
death by enraged fans, a backlash against blood sports caused
the Roman emperor to forbid all future gladiatorial combat.
Ic would take the Wyrm a long time to subvert the new

VAY

\\

b


Christian teachings and use them again -for subjugation.
Even to this day the process remains unfinished.

After a few hundred years the Wyrm realized it could not
crush the Jesus pacifists, and so sought to corrupt them. The
Wyrm held out great power to the cult leaders, offering them
a place of high regard in the Roman empire if they would
deliver a single set of religious books. Soon, church atracked
church, and Christians burned one another's holy books to
produce a single version. The Romans then ‘set out to
conquer, not in the name of Jupiter, but in the name of a
corrupted Jesus. We fought these incursions, and brokered
peace and cooperation among their victims.

We installed the Kinfolk Emperor Julian on the throne to
restore religious toleration, and stop the Christian persecu-
tion of the pagans. He refused to supply more troops to the
disastrous war against the Persiaris, and instituted sweeping
reforms to give peaple more say in the government. Alas, his
works did not outlast him, and the Wyrm reclaimed Rome
upon his death. Many of our Kinfolk, who sided passionately
with Julian, were killed or driven from Rome. It was one of
our darkest defeats.

Who is it that brings out the wing frorn the dead, arid the dead
from the living?

~~ The Koran

Though the Wyrm made great strides over the €enturies
in the Middle East, we still held fast to a significant minority
of people and kept alive the path of peace. We helped found
the Turkish nation. ‘Tu Kueh, its founder, acknowledged by
saying he was raised by a holy. wolf woman, whom he
married. We worked with him, through an extensive Kin-
folk network, to spread Gaia love.

In ancient Arabia, Goddess-trouched queens ruled for
centuries, keeping alive many of Gaia's ideals through their
worship of the threefold moon goddess, Kore the Virgin, Al-
Lat the Mother, and Al-Uzza the Wise Woman. We resisted
incursions by Wyrm-tainted religions for centuries, and
encouraged wisdom and learning.

When the local priests became corrupt, we sent
Zoroaster, a great prophet, to reforrn them. He also
acknowledged our hand in his education by saying he
was raised by a she-wolf. Alas, his reforms were taken over
in early stages by the Wyrm, who used them to enforcé
patriarchy in Persia. .

We. lost the war to depose Gaia from within. A tribe
dedicated to the goddess Kore, the Korshites, revised early
Gaian writings into a holy book called the Koran. They
transformed the fermale Al-Lat into the male Allah, and
turned the yonic Kore shrine at Mecca to a desexualized
symbol of the new religion. They removed all female sym-
bols, except the crescent moon-of the hinar goddess Kore,
which they kept for their flag and standard.

To keep the way of the Goddess alive in a land increas-
ingly overrun with Wyrm-inspired hatred of women, our
Kinfolk established the mysticism of Sufism: We served the
message of peace to a spiritually parched people thirsty for

love and union with Gaia. The authorities resisted iis, and
we had to constantly fight just to keep the Sufis alive..To
distract the Wyrm-run Islamic armies, we stoked the con-
flicts with the Wyrm-run Christian armies. This kept the
Wyrm divided, attacking different heads upon its own bod-
ies and kept us safe, but inflaming war cost us dearly in
human lives and devastation.

There were many in the Middle East who embraced our
message of peace. But spreading peace in the Middle East is
a difficult matter. An ancient vampire called Malkav sluim-
bers there somewhere, a vampire consumed by madness. His
lunatic dreams infect the people, and drive them to madness
and war. Some of our Ragabash say this vampire is a source
of enlightenment, but few agree.

Many Arabian Children of Gaia-are very exceptionally
savage, though orhers are extraordinarily peaceful and Sufi-
like.

Heathen —— from the Germanic "heiden", that which is
hidden.

Most Garou tribes settled in one area: The Shadow Lords
strayed into Eastern Europe, the Get of Fenris to Central and
Northern Europe, and the Fianna to Western Europe. Though
we sometimes clashed with these tribes over the best way to
guide humankind, we accepted each others' presence. It was
an exuberant time. We ran freely through dark forests and
befriended faeries. We lifred the people up and celebrated
the passions of Gaia along with them. The north became a
réfuge for those weary of the Wyrm Wars to the south.


But the Romans brought large-scale warfare to Europe,
and the lusty pagan people succumbed to the W/yrm's drums
of war. Endless wars washed across the north, as they once
had in the south. We brokered a truce between rival tribes
of the Fianna, Get of Fenris and Black Furies to put astop to
the Wyrm-led Roman legions before they crushed all che
innocents of Europe. We succeeded, and turned the tide.

Ironically, our efforts were aided by the Wyrm's. very
corruption of the Jesus cult. ln embracing apocalyptic Chris-
tianity instead of pacifistic Christianity, the Romans be-
lieved that the world was doomed to end in their lifetimes.
They stopped carrying out the kind of long-range planning
necessary for empire-building.

During the Middle Ages, the Wyrm engulfed the Old

World. Pagan' people were crushed and converted. The
Wyrm turned our Princé of Peace into a god of war, and used
him to enslave the millions. We rebelled against this, stir-
ring humankind to reform the excesses of the Wyrm-influ-
enced Church. We divided the Church in half, between
reformers and old puard. The Puritans stood for purifying
Wyrm taint from their lives. In a world of war, we created
pacifist groups from the twelfth century Waldensians to the
sixteenth century Anabaptists. One of our greatest triumphs
was the Diggers, who sought an end to slavery and coercion,
even by gods. The Wyrm quickly wiped them out before they
got very far, lest they disturb the rule of corrupt and selfish
Kings, but their fame shot through the peasantry like a
lightning bolt. The Wyrm destroyed almost every trace of
their story, but could not stop the whispers. A-tiny ember of
freedom smoldered in the heart of the peasant.
..To reveal Wyrm hypocrisy to humankind, we had to
encourage mental rigor in even the most untutored mind. So
we returned to pagan sources,.and brought a revival of
classical Greek thought to Europe. This rebirth of reason
and logic would culminate in.a tremendous. blow to the
Wyrm, but the Wyrm would never see the subversion com-
ing.

The Wyrm thought it had consolidated power over the
Old World, and so set its sights on the New.

We believe that we are not obliged to choose between violence
and passive aéceptance of unjust conditions for ourselves and
others... We believe that new methods, free from violence, must
be worked out for ending abuses and for undoing wrongs ; as well
as for achieving positive ends. °

—— Jane Addams, Newer Ideals of Peace, late 1800s

At long last, the Wyrm burst through the wards that kept
it from the New World, and set out to conquer it. European
explorers opened up the Americas, and exported violence
and slavery in the name of Christ. Unable to stop rhe tide,
we went with them to keep Gaian ideals alive. Our long-lost
brothers, the Uktena, Wendigo and Croatan were not happy
to see us. They had lived long in paradise, and had forgorten
the ways of the Wyrm. While they had stayed still, che Wyrm
evolved. They were no match for the Wyrm now.

The Eater-of-Souls laid a wasting curse of the spirit upon
the Pure Men, and began to exterminate them. A Child of

26 Children of Gaia

Gaia helped the Croatan destroy the Eater-of-Souls, but thé
Croatan were destroyed along with it. What is nor known
outside our tribe is that the Child of Gaia sacrificed himself
with them. Wherever the souls of the Croatan reside, rhat
Child of Gaia dwells with them.

At first the Wendigo and Ukteria saw all European, Asian
and African Garou as failures and Wyrm accomplices who
could not stop the humans under their protection from
defiling the New World. They were just as likely to attack us
as talk to us. But we patiently endured their often-murderous
suspicion. After many Children of Gaia had been martyred
to the cause of tribal peace, our sister tribes grudgingly
allowed us to help them. They agreed just in time, for the
Uktrena were nearly destroyed. We brought both tribes into
the family of all Garou, soothed their pain, and worked to
defend the humans under their protection fromm those hu-
mans under our protection. To this day these two tribes trust
us more than they do any other.

Slavery, warfare and greed ran ‘rampant in. the New
World... Our Puritan reformers, who had become Wyrrn-
tainted and power-hungry in the Old World, now became
completely corrupt, and violated their oaths of religious
tolerance by becoming the most intolerant.

However, as the Wyrm concentrated its atrention on the
conquest of the New World, we found opportunity to under-
mine its grasp on the Old. We convened the greatest Chil-
dren of Gaia moot in. over a thousand years to debate all
options. We invited Kinfolk, and Gaia-loving members of
all other tribes. We came to speedy consensus, and drafted a
new resolution. In this agreement, the Law of Narure Ac-
cord; we concluded that focusing all our attention on en-
lightening a single leader is not enough. We must enlighten
the entire system by which humans live: W/e must encode
the laws of love into the laws of human society. Other tribes
scoffed at this notion, as they always do, but we achieved it.

Wre stirred the conscience of humankind back in Europe.
With half the Wyrm forces diverted to the New World, we
met only light resistance. We introduced many men and
women to the light of Gaia, and turned our Reformation and
Renaissance into an Age of Enlightenment. Many Chris-
tians became Deists, worshipping a living, intelligent world.

We led Catherine the Great of Russia and Frederick the
Great of Prussia to institute social reforms. But our greatest
success in the Old World was the Holy Roman Emperor,
Joseph II. We led him to institute remarkable reforms in all
areas of life. He abolished serfdom, ended the Wyrm-ridden
hereditary noble and church power, and created rewards and
work based on merit. Most reforms did not survive him, but
the nobles and clergy could not end the reforms he wrote
into law.. The people had more freedom.

The Enlightenment reached the shores of the New World;
where the Wyrm did not yet have a strong foothold. Deistic
love found a receptive home in. the hearts of the new
explorers —— former serfs all. The founding mothers and
fathers becamé Deists, and openly worshipped nature and

ee ara ____- anaes ma


the Mother. For the first time, the Garou and the Gaia-
loving humans were stronger than the Wyrm!

Into North America, once the Wyrm's richest prize, we
brought the Law of Nature, and instituted not one, but two
democracies: We sent visions to the Shaman Hiawatha to
create the second true democracy after our triumph in
Athens. We then sent visions to gréat colonial leaders to
create the third, and largest dernocracy.

We enshrined Gaia's compassion in a document as solid
as Hammurabi's stele, the U.S. Constitution. Not only did
we install the Gaian blessings of life and freedom, we
audaciously made into law the highest source of Gaian love:
the pursuit of happiness..Just as the Child of Gaia heroine
Siduri Sabitu had enshrined the sanctity of pleasure into the
heart of King Gilgamesh, our heroes now worked to enshrine
the sanctity of pleasure into the heart of the new nation. The
life, freedom and joy embraced by a king was now the right
to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness embraced by an
entire nation.

The Wyrm was wroth! As the Gaian-influenced U.S.
government cut ties with the corrupt, degenerate tmonar-
chies of Europe, the Wyrm lashed out to destroy democracy
by using the British Army and German mercenaries against
the fledgling nation. We had to fight the Get of Fenris, who
fought for the Wyrm in order to work with the Germans. It

would not be the last time this would happen' The Wyrm
fought hard, and would have succeeded, if not for one of our
Kinfolk...:

As to the wealthy, vanity increases as it defends its advantages;
it appears less guilty than those who attack it, because even
injustices, when they have existed to a long time, come to be
regarded as a property right."

—— Madame De Stael, Political Power

France's minister of finance at the rime was a Child of
Gaia Kinfolk named Jacques Necker. His brilliant econo-
mizing had worked miracles during the French fiscal crisis,
and he had steadily given more power to the middle class
over the nobles and the clergy..Other Garou tribes were
irate, and complained that Necker's brilliance was propping
up the Wyrm-riddled French government, which should be
destroyed instead of saved. But Necker had a plan. He
arranged for the French government to borrow heavily to
finance vigorous participation in the American Revolution.
The French courtiers corrupted by the Wyrm were in a
heated competition .with- their British counterparts, and
agreed to help finance the revolution against their rival
Wyrm-beasts.

Necker sent the Marquis de Lafayette to the New World
with arms and money. The American rebels gained the
assistance they needed to prevail. They snatched the rich,
virgin bounty of the New World from the tainted hands of
the British and delivered it into the hands of merry Deist
dreamers who dared to exalt happiness into the sphere of
God-given rights. In one scintillating move, the old Wyrm
beasts of Europe lost all they had fought to attain: .This
staggering loss for the W/yrm-caused a backlash thar re-
sounded across the world, and caused fear and trembling in
every stronghold where hereditary power accumulated.

People all over the world began to demand liberty. Mon-
archies and empires began to weaken everywhere. European
Kings, under tighr control by the Wyrm, began to deterio-
rate from the furious demands of their unholy master. The
Wyrm, divided on two hemispheres and failed in each, fell
to self-recrimination.

The French angrily rernoved Necker from power. Never-
theless, Necker forgave the aristocrats, and tried to prorect
his human persecutors from the violence of the people's
long-suppressed anger. However, the French government
would not heed him. The people revolted and stormed the
Bastille three days after Necker's removal, and the Wyrm-
beast's rigid control of France collapsed.

The rival Wyrm -governments in. Britain' and France
suffered huge defeats, their owm power turned against them
by one of our Kinfolk.. Armed with only his wits,.and an
abiding love of life, Necker reestablished liberty on two
continents,.accomplishing more than all the Garou tribes
combined. I encourage you to remember that when Harano
steals over you and you doubt what one person can accom-
plish.

Wecker helped rebuild the shattered land of France, based
or: the enlightened ideals of iberry, equaliry and fraternity.

YY

Lb


His daughter, the brilliant Madame de Stael, wrdéte persua-
sively on vital issues of the day. She also purchased land in
the New World to save caerns there from Wyrm defilement.
Upstate New York retains some of the most holy places in
America (and the world) due to her merciful and timely
purchases.

If one person achieves the highest love; it will be sufficient to
neutralize the hate of millions.

aw Gandhi

The new nation of the United States of America stood for
the Gaian ideals of peace and abundance. All people were
welcome in the land of justice and freedom, and were
accorded rights and dignities unknown in the Wyrm-cor-
rupted Old World. The Deist founding fathers and mothers
had left an enduring legacy of tolerance which inoculated
the nation against the Wyrm's temprations and predations.

We built on these successes by spreading peace from
America outward. After bitter wars against Canada, includ-
ing vicious naval battles in the Great Lakes, our Kinfolk in
the Canadian and U.S. governments reached out across the
borders to forge a‘disarmament pact. We stopped building
forts on both sides of the border, and scuttled warships that
were too big to sail out of the Great Lakes. The peace along
the world's largest undefended border is now taken com-
pletely for granted, as is the prosperity it generates. But to
those who know how much work it took, it serves as a model
for waging peace through bi-lareral disartnament..In the
process, we also gained great honor among the Wendigo,
who had become enemies of the U.S. government due to
tensions along the northern border.

In addition to restoring widespread Deistic Gaia worship
amiong the founding fathers, the Children of Gaia spread the
Gaian ideals among the newly freed humans. Christianity
was again grounded in the ideals of peace espoused by Christ,
as Christians became pacifist Quakers, and Shakers sprang
up-in answer to the song of Gaia love. The Puritans, once
defenders of religious tolerarice but now Wyrim-defiled, tried
to slaughter the pacifist Quakers. We defended the Quakers,
but the vicious assault by war-like Christians upon peaceful
Christians haunts America to this day.

But even as the Beast-of-War and Eater-of-Souls were
slow to accept the loss of the New World, the Defiler Wyrm
quickly adapted to subvert the new government. Even as we
gained ground in the hearts and minds of the settlers, we
continued to lose ground in defending women from serfdom,
the Africans from slavery, and the Pure Men from genocide.
We convened another grand moot to share our thoughts on
these issues. :

Some among us preferred to work -to create equality
among humans by fighting against all who persecuted women,
Native Americans and enslaved Africans. But others felt
this policy would provoke outright war, polarize the nation,
slow or stop further progress, and invite the Wyrm forces
back. This group preferred to continue enlightening the
dominant human-sub-group, the transplanted Europeans,
and bring incremental, sustainable change without vio-

28 Children of Gaia

a . - : . . . .

lence. ‘The first group found that cowardly. At a time when
we could have been celebrating, we were falling apart.

AS a compromise, we chose to continue to focus. on
réforming the transplanted Europeans, and not provoke war
by liberating wornen, the indigenous peoples and the Afri-
cans. However, we swore to make liberation a high priority.
We have sacrificed much to bring our Law of Nature into
effect, and drive the Wyrm from the hearts of Americans
through the Constitution and steady, incremental change.
We still do not know if our compromise was the best
solution. The concessions we have made are heartbreaking.

However, we have accomplished much. In the Pure Land,

-which was still mostly free of Wyrm taint, we finally accom-

plished the impossible. We broke the most ancient and
wicked of Wyrm taboos. We finally freed women from the
shackles of servitude. This feat is so new to the world that its
repercussions have hardly even been felt yet. We -offered
humankind the heady, exuberant, delightful and very un-
comfortable joys of peace, freedom and sexual equality. The
Wyrm offered the comfortable pain of war, slavery and
subjugation of women. The choice was clear. And, to their
everlasting credit, the people of the New World embraced
unfamiliar joys over familiar pain. Humankind was truly
growing up.

The Wyrm did great damage to the Pure Men, and tried
to eliminate them all. We fought its atrempts in Congress, in

\

Ww

Lb


the Press; and on the battlefield. We joined our Wendigo
and Uktena brothers and sisters, and engaged in limited
warfare against the U.S. government that we had worked so
hard co build.

We stirred people's consciences to resist enslaving their
brothers, and after a horrible internecine war, slavery finally
ended. This was a giant leap forward, but also a step back-
ward. The. innocent new nation. had rasted blood, and
despite great suffering, found that it liked the flavor. The
Beast-of-War was back, and would soon drag America into
foolish fighting.

Aftér losing America and France to the forces of Gaia, the
Wyrm fell.to bitter recriminations in Europe, as the Wyrm
ever does after such loss. Old Guard Wyrm factions in
Germany and central Europe sought to teach the two losing
Wyrm factions (Britain and France) a lesson, and take their
territory ac the same time. The result was che Great War.

Americans wanted nothing todo with World War I, but
clever Wyrm propaganda stirred the pacifistic, non-inter-
ventionist, happiness-pursuing Americans into giving a pro-
war answer to the question "What did you do during the
Great War, Daddy?" Alas, for many men, the real answer
turned out to be: "I died like an slaughtered animal along a
deadly borderline that moved neither forward nor back for
three years."

Many Americans resisted participation in-the foolish
European war, as they resisted participation imall the earlier
European Wars... But the Beast-of-War was firmly settled in
America after the unprecedented horrors of the Civil War.
This Wyrm aspect used typical authoritarian tactics like
police raids, arrests and vigilante mobs to crush the resis-
tance. After the war, am entire generation suffered from
sheli-shock. The nation had tasted blood asecond time, bur
now found the flavor less to liking.

The war economy gave the Eatér-of-Souls a chance to
control money policy as well, concentrating vast power into
the hands of a few. The inevitable -ecomomic crash and
depression that followed this legalized theft was even more
painful than the war. We had to evolve a riew strategy to
catch up with the Wyrm. Before we could, events overtook
us again, and the new nation had tasted real blood fora third
time.

After Germany's defeat in World War I, the vengeance-
crazed victors sought to punish the "German people. The
Germans.responded to this cruelty by finding the most
hateful monster available and giving him full license to
make war. By the time Hitler was stopped, Americans had
tasted real blood for a third time. They were now becoming
addicted. And we did not know what to do to sober them.

In India,. another -great human appeared,' voicing the
Gaian Way: Mohandas Gandhi drove the European colo-
nists from their position as slavemaster over India, and he
did it without fighting. His accomplishments taught us how
to go about our work.

We started by forgiving the Germans. We were instru-
mental in obtaining amnesty for the rank-and-file Germans.

This was a start in defusing a potential Third World War.
Our next step was to take the lesson of Gandhi to heart: We
worked to liberate the oppressed people of America and the
world through non-violent means. We helped mold a new
generation of leaders that believed passionately in peace and
equality. We even installed one of them in the White House.
We created a revolution of the spirit in. which equality,
harmony and love were openly embraced by humankind,
especially those born in the aftermath of the Second World
War.

But the Wyrm returned. Humankind was deeply demor-
alized when its greatest Gaian-influenced leaders were assas-
sinated in rapid succession. Cut down were President
Kennedy,. Martin Luther King, Jr.,,. Roberr Kennedy, and
Malcolm X. The last was déstroyed only after he renounced
separatism and embraced King's teachings. A backlash fol-
lowed, in which the Wyrm contaminated the generation of
love with the poison.of cynicism. Years of blindness fol-
lowed. We struggled just to keep from losing ground.

The future of the Children of Gaia is unclear. Whar is
clear is that it will be written by your generation. I wonder.
What will you do?

22 43

x

a Sy ¥



What do sou suppose will satisfy the soul, except to walk free arid own no
superior?

— Walt Whitman, quoted in "Testimonial to Walt Whitrnan"

Come child. Now that you have rested from the ordeal of
your Change, and have heard the tale of your past, it is time
to see the present. Come. Run with me!

Do your legs buckle beneath you? Do you feel the gangly
awkwardness of a colt that grows three inches in one week?
Do you feel the surging, burning pain in your new muscles?
Itis time to-use them. Come now! No éxcuses. Your legs will
hold; the exercise will loosen them and soothe the fires of
the Change.

While we rin, 1 shall tell you of our tribe. I will teil you
who your people are. For your father is a noble ‘Child of Gaia
Kinfolk. We are proud of his work freeing prisoners of
conscience. And we are thrice proud he and his partner have
delivered to us a new-born Garou.

Do you feel the wind through your first fur? Can you feel
your thick skin. bristle in.the night air? Do you feel your
nerve endings crackle at the end of every hair? Can you

smell the rabbit on the next hill? Those are your new senses. |

They will reveal the world more true than you have ever
known.

Come! We will run! We will run the night away! And will
not stop, even when we aré overcome by panting exhaus-
tion!

"he Sacred Family

We are the children of the living world: We embrace it
and love it and romp upon it, like a-baby on-her mother's
belly. The world is a warm, welcoming place, full of brash
excitement and deep; abiding mystery. This world is a gift
from She who is our Mother. She gave it freely, so love it.
Some are fearful of the world, and some are vengeful towards
it, just as some are fearful and vengeful toward their parents.
But we live on Gaia courageously and respectfully.

The world is your birthright. As you are a Child of Gaia,
you have inherited the world and all that is in it. All Garou
are Children of Gaia, they sirnply do not know it. Allanimals
are Children of Gaia. They know it in a special way, a way
that goes beyond our knowing..All humans are Children of
Gaia. They know it in their sacred moments. When they
hold a baby. When they open their mouths to fill the worid
with song. When they perform a simple kindness. When
they look into the eyes of a revered elder. When they stand
up to a bully. When they speak from the passions in their
heart. When they sit quietly. When they leap in the air.
When they lend a hand. When they look death in the face.

Chapter Two: The Path of Peace 3d

L


\
I

j
i

When they make love. When they make rhe world a better
place. .

‘These things bind us in ways that are more powerful than
all-the divisions that tear human and Garou asunder. Divi-
sions of nation. Of religion. Of breed. Of race. Of tribe.
These things all tear us apart, and anything that tears us
apart is of the Wyrm. Anything that tears us apart is evil.

Our job, as Garou, is to seek what makes us like those we
meet, not what makes us different. The differences are clear
and in plentiful supply. We know how to find those. We
must learn to see how others are like us: We are all of the
same home,.and we all have the same Mother.

We learn to -seeé ourselves in our parents. Then our
siblings. Ther our friends. Then our lovers. Then our chil-
dren. But can we see ourselves in strangers? And can we see
ourselves in our enemies? .

When we' can master that, we have lived up to Gaia's
greatest wish for us, and become the Healing of the World.

Camps

Draw us near, and bind us tight,

AU your children here, in their rags of light,

In our rags of light, .all dressed to kill,

And end this night,-if it be your will.

— Leonard Cohen, "If Ir Be Your Will"

Within Gaia's longhouse there are many chambers. Many
of the Children of Gaia have formed separate carnps based
on divisions in their core philosophy. Before you hear of the
camps in-our society, I shall tell you that camps are an
artificial way to separate the already divided Garou. They
are very much. a problem, since they cause us to polarize
opinions around opposite views, rather than acknowledge
that the Truth is too large to fit in anyone's cup.

Camps separate a tribe even more than it has already beén
divided. The two main factions in our society divide us along
lines of our reaction to the Apocalypse. Other tribes have
restrictions On camps you may join. In the Children of Gaia,
you may join as many camps as you wish, even contradictory
camps. We understand that Gaia's truth is one, but can only
be seen through many masks. Therefore, there is wisdom in
all Children of Gaia camps, and you may seek your truth in
any and all. Some Children of Gaia reject this, and wish to
form. elitist, exclusionary camps. I believe this is against
Gaia, even though I understand why they wish ‘to isolate
themselves...

Now that you know some of the dangers of the camps, I
shall introduce you to each camp, that you may grow wise in
their ways and learn how to join them. Step with me, and I
shall take you into the tribal gathering, where you can meet
an ambassador from each camp. They have arrived via Moon
Bridge to talk to you, and tell you of their camps.

32 Children of Gaia

Servants of the Unicorn

Hail young one! The Servants of the Unicorn greet you. We
are the largest camp,.composing nearly half the tribe. We are
proud warriors of the spirit. Qur task is simple. We bring all the
tribes together,-and resolve differences. Most Garou disagree-
ments are over small matters that loom large as old hurts are added
to the grudge pile. We seek to interrupt that process, and we have
stopped many trivial matters from escalating into tribal warfare .
Now we work to resolve ancient enmities. It is vital the tribes
unify before the Apocalypse..We have no time to waste; and
welcome all young Garou into our ranks.

Crest of the Horn

We are a small group within the Servants of the Unicorn. Like
the Crest of areal horn, we are the part that leads the charge and
scores the first kill.

We realize that some Garou are too far gorie to be saved. The
Silver Fangs are the problem. They must be deposed, and deposed
quickly. Only the Children of Gaia are fit to lead the Garou. Our
tribe has made every decision that helped the world for the last ten
thousand -years.. Every decision the Fangs made against our
counsel came back to bite thern on the ass. But guess what? We
don't want to lead. We want to institute democracy through a
Garou Council. The monarchy is two hundred years extinct. It's
just too dumb to know it's dead.

Our work with the servants has won-us allies in every tribe:
Our hints of deposing the Fangs have won us more. We'll soon be
able to depose them without shedding a drop of blood. There is no
point in smoothing away differences with the Fangs... Better to
keep track of who's mad at whom so we can exploit it and build
a coalition to depose the Toothless Ones...Harsh? -You . bet.
Betrayal? Perhaps. Forbidden by the Litany? Never. Itis not only
our right but our sacred duty.

Imminent Strike

The time for talk is past. The Apocalypse is at hand. We have
but two choices: act quickly and prevail, or waver and fail. ‘The
Children of Gaia have wisdom about the end of the world that is
necessary to all the tribes: But to prevail, we cannot have
resistant, treacherous Garou among us. In order to prevail, we
must work only with the tribes who will cooperate with us, and
heed our wisdom. Those tribes who cannot quell their suicidal
pride cannot be part of our Final Strike.

Itis harsh, it is damning, and we have no right to leave them
out: But leave them out we must, to triumph. By seeing our firm
starul, they may one day change their minds and join us whole-
heartedly. So we pray. But we are not afraid to leave them behind.

We must start by cutting ties now. The Shadow Lords are dead
weight. The Get of Fenris are problematic .1t has been prophesied
that a Silver Fang will bear the standard of the Wyrm in the final
battle. We must extricate ourselves from them now. If the Uktena
do not renounce their dangerous flirtation with the Wyrm we
must abandon them as well. The Black Furies must become more

ANY

WW

L


}
i
;

accepting of males. The Wendigo must become more accepting of
the descendants of the settlers. The Red Talons must become
more accepting of all humans.

We will cut our ties with all tribes if necessary. They must
come around to our wisdom to be of use in the Final Battle; and
if they do not, we are not responsible for their failure.

Wre say to our brothers and sisters in the Patient Déed Camp:
if all the tribes of the Garou do not come to their senses by the
Apocalypse, will you finally agree to cut them loose, or will you
insist that we be dragged down by the Wyrm while we focus on
rehabilitating those Garou who want no part of unity?

Che Patient (Deed

We do not have a Garou to lose. We rise together, or fall
together. Just as we accept the least among us, so too Must we
accept the most wicked among us. If that mearis we take a viper
to our bosom, we do so. The truth of Gaia does not change. All
Garou must join in the final battle. We must work ta unify all
tribes, and not cut off anyone.

‘Those tribes who are spiteful and resistant to unity are only an
external reflection of our own internal spite and resistance to.
Gaia's will. We mist mend ourselves first, and the world will be
mended by that action. Trying to mend the world by changing
others before we change ourselves will only breed more resistance.

Chapier Two: The Path of Peace

This is the most difficult challengé Gaia has given us. We must
battle our internal dernons before we look for demons without.
We must spend time and patience on our wayward brothers and
sisters. We must spend effort in missionary work to other tribes,
learning their ways, uriderstanding their ideas, and respecting
their laws. There is great worth and deep love at the bottom of all
their hearts. We work to bring it to the surface. We must work
with thern even as they scorn us, and bear their bitter insults with
gentle good humor. We must not see our sisters and brothers as
enemies. Gaia put us all in the same family for a reason.

Wre say to those in the Imminent Strike camp, when did Gaia

' give us permission to abandon any of Her children?

Che Anointed Ones

No war.No violence: All the peace we bring, we bring through
peace.-One cannot bring peace through war. War only makes
more war. Humankind has known this from before recorded
time. This wisdom is engraved upon their bones. Yet they resist it.
We donot.

We contend against none. Our way is lonely, and terrifies ail
who hear of it, even our own. Children. of Gaia sisters and
brothers. If a Garou is not certain he can eschew violence, he
cannot join our line:


We usé Gifts to gentle our opponents, but we will not strike
them..We are by far the smallest of all Children of Gaia camps,
and we are proud of that..Following the will of Gaia without
compromise is the most difficult action in the world. Compromise
among Garou and among humans is vital: Compromising the will
of Gaia is the first step on the path of the Wyrm.

Demeter's CDaughters

We heal the world by delivering the wayward human children
of Gaia to the bosom of the mother. We are very active in human
society, where we advocate'a return to nature. We promoted the
naturalism of the Age of Enlightenment, and now we spearhead
the environmental movement.

We have an extensive outreach program to humankind, in
which we demonstrate a reverence for the living world which is
attractive to most people who are at all in touch with the life within
them. All humans must be introduced to the natural world at an
early age..If they are,.they become profoundly connected to
nature, all of life and Gaia..This automatically develops their
human empathy, ripens their love for all life, and irioculates them
against the fear-based temptations of the W7yrm.

We attribute the rise in urban street crime to the disconnection.
of urban settings from the natural environment..Marvy children
grow up with no natural areas in which to play. Our Kinfolk
supporters ; like the famed Frederick Law Olmstead , battle against

. the often Wyrm-corrupted and Weaver-riddlea city planners to
create huge natural areas in the midst of concrete jungles. New
York's Central Park may not be sufficient to humanize all of
Manhattan, butithas sustained a huge flowering of Gaiainaland
paved from shore to shore, and many New Yorkers point to the
park as their sole source of sanity:

The Wyrrn has not besieged the natural world because it thinks
it can destroy Gaia that way. Gaia is too strong for oil spills and
toxic waste and strip mining arid clear cutting alone to ever destroy
her. The Wyrm besieges the natural world to corrupt humankind ;
and thereby end the world.

We welcome any Children of Gaia from any camp to join us,
and be part of both camps.

Angels in the Garden

We Angels are the Children of Gaia adjunct to the multi-tribal
group Heaven. Heaven protects, defends, and rescues human
children from the Defiler Wyrm. We have created an wnder-
ground network among Kinfolk.and allied humans to~ protect
children and spouses who are the victims of Wyrm-led abuse..CQur
human allies often break humankind's kidnapping laws to rescue
children from the torturers who seek ‘to infuse them with the
Wyrm. We provide protection that is stronger than any human
law. Our path is a lonely one, and we are often outlaws, but our
work is vital. We also work within the tribe and the nation to
persuade all Children of Gaia and all Garou to join our cause.

We also help children by inspiring authors to present Gaian
ideals in children's books. With the aid of thé Glass Walkers , we
are learning to present our ideas via television and new electronic

34 Chiidren of Gaia

cg ADEA APL OT TE TP A EE PI OEE AF CP Es

média to-reach as mariy children as possible.. This' helps us
immunize children against the Wyrm in all but the most horrid
situations. The Wyrm has created moralist book burners to
oppose us, but we have prevailed.

"he One Cree

We are the white blood cells ‘of Gaia. We kill invading
microbes. We slaughter and drive out all invaders. We kill
servants of the Wyrm, human or demon, without apology or
compunetion. The white blood cell feels no remorse for bursting
afat, juicy bacillus, and neither do we. But we also take no pride
in the kill. We do not kill out of hate or malice or love of blood.
You mary only join when you have killed the hatred in your heart.
We are a channel for Gaia to strike her foes: When we kill, Gaia
kills through us.

Aethera Jnamorata

A thousand thousand welcomes, noble child. Enter into our
love. Blessings upon you.

We are the spiritual heirs of the hero Siduri Sabitu, who healed
the earliest of human kings, and protected him from evil without
and vanity within. We are men and women who use love to heal
the world. We exalt sexuality and sexual love to heal wounded
bodies and souls. By bringing the infinite joy of Gaia into the lives
of men and women, we create peace where once there was anxiety
and fear.

We are the heavenly nymphs and satyrs. Ta the Egyptians we
kept the Dance of Time over Ra, and were called the Ladies of the
Hour; to the Persians the Hours became the Houri; -to the
Greeks; Horae; to the Semites, Harlots. To the Romans we were
Lupae, priestesses of the Wolf goddess Lupa; in India, we were
the earthly angels called Skywalkers, and to the Europeans we
were Cunning Women and Cunning Men. Throughout the ages
our mission is the sare: love, and the healing that love brings.

The Wyrm hates us beyond all measure. It could not kill us,
soit tried to convince mankind that sex was eviland unclean. The
Wyrm has made all our sacred names into the foulest, most evil
words known to man.

Humans loved us too much to drive us out, but the Wyrm often
succeeded in convincing pious churchmen to denounce our holy
nature and defile our sacred temples. Our hora-houses became
whorehouses. Priests and Priestesses became abject victims. As a
final stab at our holy work, the Wyrm tried to make sex unclean,
hurtful, and deadly.

But the Warm cannot stop us. Our sacred rites have holy
consequences even in depraved conditions. In the moment of
orgasm, allmen and women are linked to the divine. Even if they
cannot remember the divine presence, the rapture rernains within
them.

We monitor Kinfolk pregnancies to detect nascent Garou, aru
prepare the family to give up the child at pubescence.-By smooth-
ing the transition for both parent and child, we relieve all trauma
except the sacred ordeal of the Change.

ws

as

Ly


We institute intermarriage betweéri Kinfolk of all Garou
tribes. In linking our tribes together as a family, we begin to
prevent wars between ourselies. This has helped build trust
between tribes. If we could convince all tribes to interpret the
Litany as we do, we could build great bonds between all tribes. As
it is, we sanction and aid lovers from different tribes, so long as
they do not reproduce. If they accept our aid, we even help them
to ensure that they do not bring metis'into the world.

We also "adopt" other Garou. Since all Garou are Children
of Gaia, all may join us and our Kinfolk network. After all,.a
Garou daughter raised as a Unicorn-worshipping Child of Gaia
will know she is truly.a child of the Goddess. Thus our ‘tribe
expands.

(he Cotem: Unicorn

Will the unicorn bé willing to serve thee?
oe Job 39:9

Our totem is Unicorn, a noble and healing spirit known
to all people in all places, from the southernmost reaches of
Asia to the northernmost shores of Europe. Even when the
Christian world purged itself of pagan symbols; the male/
fernale Unicorn remained sacred. The male aspect of Uni-
corn was even adopted by the Christians as the consort of the
Virgin Mary; the male vessel by which the holy presence was
infused into the virgin.

This' noble creature has powers to move humans in a
modern, secular world, and haunt their dreams. As a young
girl approaches adolescence, she goes through a "unicorns
and rainbows" phase. This scorned stage is actually a crucial
rite of passage in which her emotional body is given divine
strength, just as her nascent sexual body is prepared for the
ordeal of childbéaring.

You tmust learn of the Unicorn, and partaké of her inner
healing. She is a direct conduit to the heart of Gaia. Medi-
tate on her and grow wise to her ways.

Travel to the Children of Gaia homeland in the Umbra,
and seek your personal Unicorn spirit. Take your pack,
members of other tribes, and human Kinfolk. Though other
tribes restrict travel to their homelands, all are welcome in
ours. It has even been rumored that some of our elders have
cleansed Black Spiral Dancers of Wyrm-taint by baptizing
them in the Well of Serenity.  Hurnans are free from the
Delirium there, as the peacefulness of Gaia and the spirits of
our ancestors soothe the memories of the Impergium. All
Garou have a personal Unicorn spirit there which will bind
itself to the Garou and aid her in the furure...All are
invigorated there, and return renewed.

reeds

Children are principally the creatures of exarnple —~ whatever .

surrounding adults do, they will do. If we strike them, they will
strike each other. If they see us attempting to rule one anather,
they will initiate the samé barbarism. If we habitually admit the

right of sovereignty in each other, and in them, they will become
equally respectful of our rights and of each other's.
— Josiah Warren, Equitable Commerce

Homio

Most Children of Gaia are homid. We have built an
extensive, global Kinfolk network, and breed almost exclu-
sively within it. We want all children to be born to loving
parents who -can care for them..For Garou that means
breeding only with people who are our Kinfolk. Our Kinfolk
know to call the Aethera if their child exhibits early signs of
the Change (and if the Aethera have not already found the
child).

Lupus

Few of us breed with wolves anymore. It is very difficult to
find our foundlings in the wild, since there are so few of us
to scour the wilds. Some Garou raise wolves for breeding,
which allows them to find their young easily.

Metis

The other tribes adhére
Litany. Though brave in
ten do ‘not have the
the' scorn of all of

to a false interpretation of
battle, parents of metis of-
strength or courage to face
Garou society.


However, be mindful that metis are Gaia's Children too,
and deserve our love and respect. How we treat the lowest
among us is how we truly treat Gaia. So we adopt all exiled
metis, and make them honorary members of our tribe.

Because our tribe sanctions love between Garou, we must
be a thousand times more caréful than any other tribe to not
produce metis. Thus far, we have been very successful, and
have produced very few metis.

Strangely, some metis pups are born with a Unicorn horn.
They tend to be peaceful souls who rise above scorn and
forgive easily and well. ‘They are marked by Unicorn so we
may recognize their capacity for love.

Some of our sages say that the metis are not a dead-end,
but actually the beginning of something new. They say that
new rites, new technology, or a miraculous accident will
enable the metis to breed! Metis offspring will be the holiest
of all spirit warriors, prophesied to triumph in the Apoca-
lypse.

Rites and Celebrations

We value rites and honor them. We do not treat therm
frivolously as some tribes do. But we also do not treat them
as locked and rigid. We tinker with them and alter the forms,
seeking to make them more powerful and more applicable to
our world.

36 Children of Gaia

Each member of our tribe is unique, and therefore our
moots are unpredictable. Though we keep certain rituals, we
are flexible in their execution, and try to keep from falling
into too many set patterns. All of the moots include rituals
required to maintain the caern; but that is the only truly
consistent fearure. To insist upon following the same routine
every time only strengthens the Weaver. Garou often sing of
the evils of the Weaver, and then dogmatically adhere to
ancient, rigid patterns. Instead, we follow inner values, and
let those values dictate our actions.

The character and nature of our moots depend on our
tréeds. Other tribes believe we lack discipline and respect for
the ancient ways. They accuse us of inconsistency and
sometimes heresy. On the contrary, child, we understand all
too well.

‘The key is listening: listening to Gaia, one another, and
our own hearts... We feel the spirit of Gaia, and let her work
through us. We remain flexible, responding to the needs of
our people instead of insisting that our people follow ancient
traditions that may no longer apply. And we remain true to
the song im our hearts.

In times of strife and chaos, we may sit for hours or days
in quiet comtemplation of the wonders of Gaia, gently
honoring the spirits and totems, with little need for the
guidance and intervention: of sept leaders.

"
4
|
|


|
Z
|

On those occasions when Sur young run wild, we may
have highly structured moots designed to circumscribe the
limits of tolerable behavior. Were it not for the colors of our
coats, we could be mistaken for Silver Fangs in our awesome
authoritarian formality.

in times of lethargy and failing spirits, we may have a wild,
passionate revel filled with love and joy.

And in times of war and hardship, we miay sing all day
long, singing songs of power and reenacting great tales of
endurance and victory:

Sometimes we even bring our Kinfolk, and hold a grear
celebration that is part rural family reunion, part primitive
ritual, and part outdoor concert.

"Che Rite of Passage

Helper and healer, I cheer

Small waifs in the woodlands wet,

Strays I firid init, wounds I bind in it,

Bidding therm all forget.

~—— Kenneth Grahamé, The Wind in the Willows

You will find,.© rescued child, as you grow in the world
and meet your new brothers and sisters, that our neighbor
tribes take a very different view of the Rite of Passage than
we do. Theirs' is a brutal ordeal, in which the agony of the
Change is compounded by vicious atracks. If the young
Garou survives, he is accepred. Many do not survive. This
keeps the ranks of the Garou weak and the Wyrm strong.

‘To'our eyes this ‘is a clear transgression of the eighth law
of the Litany. But it is tradition, and like all traditions, it is
the hobgoblin. that haunts small minds. Our traditions are
our sustenance, our food. Old traditions spoil, just like old
food. To keep traditions healthy, one must routinely stir the
pot, throw in fresh ingredients, adjust the seasoning, and
when necessary, toss out a whole batch. The Wyrm coils and
breeds in old traditions.

Your new family, the Children of Gaia, take a completely
different approach to the Rite of Passage and the generation
of new Garou... Because we breed almost.exclusively with
humans, we can easily find our young, and grant them a
blissful Rite of Passage. The love you feel from all those you
have met is the start of a life-long love affair we shall have.
There is no longer just a "me" and a "them". There is an "us".
This is the first step in building larger and larger circles of
love. What you learn here shall live in you always.

Our Rite of Passage is a.sharing, a .celebration. The
Change is painful and traumatic enough; we need not add to
it the horror of violence or rejection. It is a time for us to
come together, young and old, in a bond as old as time.

"Che Litany

Give to every human béing every right that you claim for
yourself.

—=+ Robert Ingersoll, Limitations of Toleration

Other tribes accuse us of disdaining the law, and placing
our interpretations above traditions that are ten thousand
years old. The first accusation is wrong. The second is right.

We love the Litany. We reject the traditions that have
diluted it. The Wyrm has corrupted the practice of Garou
holy law just as the Wyrm has corrupted the practice of
human holy law.

The law is true. The traditions are false, and unholy.
Thete are critical distinctions in all the Litany. After I tell
you of them, you may walk the garden and speak to others,
who will tell you their truths about the Litany. I shall meet
you at the end of the garden for a final word on the Litany.

Garou Shall YUot Mate with

Garou

The first part of the Litany riust be enforced in its most
literal sense. In the age when this law was written, mating
referred only to reproduction. Thus the prohibition against
mating is mot a prohibition against loving! This is a crucial
distinction.

Consensual love between those of consenting age is
always beautiful, regardless of breed, race, sex, tribe, or
whether both lovers are Garou. The Garou must only be
careful not to reproduce together, since such unions produce
metis. Our tribe has assisted mortals in developing devices to
prevent conception. le is bese thar Garou who keep Garou
soul-mates also take human lovers to bear healthy children.

Be mindful that you do not scorn the metis pups. Many
tribes send their metis to us, knowing that we will care for
them. We do this out of love. Many metis are noble warriors
~~ they had no hand in the accident of their birth. They
deserve respect,-as all Gaia's creatures deserve respect. In
addition, knowing where all the metis are makes it easier to
give them proper last rites, so they do not leave Crinos bodies
behind when they die.

Combat the Wyrm
Wherever Jt CDwells and
Whenever Jt Breeds

This is our purpose. We are Gaia's children and Gaia's
defenders. Other tribes believe that our peaceful ways have
weakened our resolve to fight the Wyrm. The truth is that we
are clever in choosing our battles against the Wyrm. The
truth is that our peaceful ways have helped all Garou stand
united in the fight.

Chapter Two: The Path of Peace 37

L


The é€ritical distinction here is "whenever it breeds." Our
sisters and brothers are so obsessed with fighting the Wyrm
where it dwells, that they do little to stop it where it breeds.
At inter-tribal moots, we ask "When have you last combatred
the Wyrm where it breeds?" The other tribes respond with
great anger, but few answers.

The Wyrm breeds in the Umbra, in the hearts of man, and
in-our own hearts. We fight the W/yrm by preventing those
conditions that give it away to enter the hearts of men and
Garou. We try to-end suffering and hatred because where
these are found does the Wyrm breed: A peaceful world is a
world in which the Wyrm can find no purchase. Promoting
peace is combating the Wyrm where it breeds.

Qespect the Cerritory of
Another

Other tribes say we violate' this law most of all. But
remember, Gaia has given us all the living world arid all the
Umbra. Our protectorate is all of humankind. We need only
ask cur own permission to go anywhere. In truth, all other
tribes need our permission to go anywhere. This is not mere
sophistry. This is a potent legacy from the Mother. But
remember: all are Children-of Gaia... Those who acknowl-
edge this have open access to all the world.

In practice, it is often politic ro go through the motioris in
séeking permission before entering territory another Garou
has claimed. Though some among us insist that we press the
issue with other Garou, and force them to acknowledge that
the entire world is our territory, most of us do not believe
that we have time for such a battle.

Allow all Garou who ask ro visit the territory considered
ours to enter freely. Why prevent others from enjoying any
part of Gaia's beauty? We will often allow other Garou to
join us at our caerns, but we must be able to vouch for them.
It is sad that we have come to this, but the precaution is
necessary.

Accept an Honorable
Surrender

This is ah iriportant part of the Litany. Members of tribes
ruled by violence often believe us weak, and challenge us for
position and Renown. After you defeat a cruel, mocking
opponent, resist the mighty temptation to destroy her.
Destroying her would only shame you and make a mockery
of Gaia's love and forbearance. Request that she surrender if
she does not explicitly ask. Think of your opponent as a
wayward (though lethal) child, and spare her. The example
you set will do more good than 'a thousand such deaths. _.

38 Children of Gaia

Submit to Chose of Higher
Station

The grearéest among us have-wisdom and €xperience
which you would be wise to heed. However, that does nor
mean they are always right..You may respectfully question
their decisions and their actions. Remember, however, that
not all tribes allow such questioning. Be careful thar you do
not question elders of orher tribes as you may question your
own leaders, for they may kill you out-of-hand for the insult.

Che First Share of the Kill
for the Greatest in Station

The gréatest in station should have the wisdom to know
that it is far better for the shares of the kill to go to those who
can best use them. Compassion and wise use must guide the
hands of our leaders. Gaia is a giving Mother, and we strive
to follow Her example. If all else fails, remember you always
have the right to challenge the leader in times of peace.

Ve Shall Mot Eat the Flesh of

Humans

Just as we would not eat the flesh of a wolf or of a Garou,
we must not eat of humans. This part of the Litany was
created when such Wyrm-bred atrocities wete common. We
are well beyond that now, rhough some members of some
tribes are not. Eating our own kind is as sure a parh to the
Wyrmeas any other type of depravity.

Qespect for Chose Beneath
Ve — All Are of Gaia

This is the most sacred part of the Litany. Though it can
be argued that other laws are more important to the survival
of the Garou, this-is the foundation of our tribe. All beings
are of Gaia, and we must respect and honor them as our
Mother's children. Gaia loves all her children. This is the
reason we encourage Linicorn to aid the other tribes. Uni-
corn tecognizes that all Garou are her children, even those
who reject Unicorn and unity.

For other tribes the lesson here is to change those whodo
not respect humans, Bone Gnawers, and metis. For us, the
lesson is to respect those who donot respect others. And that
is the hardest lesson of all:

‘Che Deil Shall Not Be Lifted

"This is the part of the Licany that many other Garou hold
to be the most sacred. Guard the Veil well, for it protects us
from humans who do not understand our ways. However, we
Children of Gaia share the knowledge of our existence with
our Kinfolk. We believe it is wise to bring many humans into

as

cL


our Kinfolk network: Orher Garou fear this, and accuse us of
lifting-the veil.

It is important to recruit Kinfolk. Our Kinfoik have been
the vehicle through which we have had the greatest impact
upon human society.Some among us prophesy we will only
triumph in the Apocalypse through our Kinfolk.

Our Veil is weak.. Though this is a ciirse, it-is a curious
blessing: It is easy to reveal ourselvés to our Kinfolk. We
have often revealed ourselves to certain humans we'can
trust. We use our Gift, Parting the Velvet Curtain, ro take
humans intro the Umbra, where we show to them whar the
Weaver and the Wyrm have done to Gaia. Humans are
Gaia's children too, and have an interest in protecting their
world.

(Do Not Suffer Thy People
to Tend Thy Sickness

This part of the Litany was more important tin the dim
past, when our very survival was at stake, when old or ill pack
members were a hindrance. But now, there are so many other
options, and our numbers so few, that we need everyone
among us, if not for fighting ability, then at least for wisdom
and experience. Our elders do not suffer us to tend their
sickness. We choose to do so.

‘Che Leaver Way Be
Challenged at Any Cime
Quring Peace

It issour right and our responsibility to" challenge the
decisions or éven the position of the ones who will lead us
when we feel that their decisions are wrong. We simply
prefer open discussion to the rending of throats:

"Che Leader Wlay Uot Be
Challenged during Wartime

Once a coursé of aétion has been decided upon, one
Garou deciding to follow her own plan endangers us all. We
encourage discussion: and dissent so that when the time
comes for action, we have consensus. This helps us avoid
spiteful disobedience. If the action taken ‘by a leader is
wrong, he will pay for it afterward.

If a Garou simply cannot in good conscience follow his
leader, he may announce his decision, and step away. Passive
resistance is not considered a challenge, but is a righr and a
duty of the conscientious resister. If he is proven right, his
fame shall grow. But if he is wrong, he is mot to be shamed,
for he acted from his heart.

UWA


MN onwubag oF

Ve Shall Take No Action
"Chat Causes a Caern to be
Violated

‘There is no need for ariy interpretation of this part of the
Litany. Caernms are our connection with Gaia. We must
prorect them with all our ability.

A Final Word on the Litany

Ancient prophecies speak of a great Child of Gaia hero,
The Desperate One, who single-handedly triumphs in the
Apocalypse. According ro the legend, he does so only after
violating every law of the Litany. This legend is probably just
a metaphor for free thinking, but it might be literally true.
For this reason we are always eager to learn from our
dissenters: Who knows? Any of our pups may turn out to be
the Desperate One, even you.

Qulership

Because our leaders invite and encourage discussion and
even dissension, other tribes declare we have no leaders. But
we clearly understand the vital function that leaders serve,
and cultivate the finest leadership qualities in all our people.

40 Children of Gaia

ais irri <7,

We choose our leaders through. rituals in-which Gaia
makes it clear to.us which among us are to rule. We have
great debates first, in which everyone argues passionately for
their positions. When all ideas are on the table, rhe outcome
is usually clear. Thus we rarely have succession struggles. But
Garou of other tribes often think we cam never agree on
anything.

Each protectorate has two leaders, traditionally male and
fernale. The female, Voice of the Goddess, is the decision-
maker. The male, Arm of the Goddess, is the executor of the
ideas. A third leader, the Heart of the Goddess, interprets
Gaia's will in larger issues: Our leadership structure mirrors
the triple goddess. Any role can be held by a male ora female,
but we often find the traditional roles work best. (As a side
note, we have translated this mode into rulership of many
human civilizations, with a law-giving female, an executive
male, and a metis or an elder beyond child-bearing as a judge.
This is echoed in the tri-cameral government of the United
States.)

he Family of Humans
and Wolves

Unlike most other tribes,"we breed alrmost exclusively
with Kinfolk or with humans in whom we have confided our


secret and broken the Veil. We do not éxplain this to many
other Garou, who gossip that we always pierce the Veil with
our human consorts. We do not; we only do so with those we
bring into our circle and make into Kinfolk.

This gives us a powerful advantage; a wide network of
caring Kinfolk. We create very few branches of offspring
who cannot be reached when the line produces a Garou. The
fruits of our recessive genes do not fall far from the trunk of
the family tree.

"Taking advantage of our weak Veil, we have been able to
forge very close ties to our human friends and companions all
over the world: For centuries, we have selected the most
compassionate, courageous peace-loving people in the world
as associates, life partners and mates. Some of our Kinfolk
offspring can even learn Gifts; though we do not tell the
other tribes this.

Our Kinfolk bring Gaian principles toa frightened, angry,
weary, wounded world. Unlike most people, they know they
live in a world wracked by the Wyrm and facing the Apoca-
lypse. This gives them a great sense of urgency and passion
unknown to most humans (though attainable by all). Unlike
most people, they also know that the world and everyone in
it is a manifestation of a living Goddess: This gives them a
great patience for their often hateful and ungrateful fellow
hhumans. Asa result, our Kinfolk have an unbeatable combi-
nation of relentless dedication and untiring love. Many of us
eredit our Kinfolk with doing most.of the hard work -to
advance the collective soul of humankind.

Our self-reliant and capable Kinfolk have also formed
their own global organization, called the Gaia Network; the
largest organization of Kinfolk in the world. This network
has become so extensive and well-informed that we often
defer to its recommendations.

The Gaia Network has created an explosion of youthful
subgroups, many of which are so strong that the Kinfolk keep

their affiliations even' as they age. We always fear these
youths will become so:involved in peace activities that the
Wyrm will lash out ar them, but so far they seer to take good
care of themselves.

The Gaia Network inspired other Kinfolk groups includ-
ing GYN: Gaian Youth Network: the largest youth subgroup
of Kinfolk; "GREEN: Gaian Resources and Environmental
Education Network; GRAYL: Gaian Revolutionary Action
Youth League; GRACE: Gaian Rainbow Action Commu-
nity Explorers; GUARD: Gaian Urban and Rural Defense;
and SING: Sociery for the Improvement and Nurturing of
Gaia.

We teach humans to prevent war through intermarriage
between members of opposing factions. Unfortunately, the
Garou are prevented from advocating this policy by funda-
mentalist interpretations of the Litany. However, there is no
law against marriage between Kinfolk. Our Galliards take
great delight in singing stories of love between Kinfolk. We
grant renown. to those who successfully arrange relation-
ships between Kinfolk that promotes peace between two
tribes or results in the birth of a Garou.

‘Our Kinfolk are also our greatest link to humanity. Through
them, we can appeal to humankind, and spread our ideals of
peace. Our Kinfolk and their human relations have allowed
us to influence the course of peace movements throughout
history.

We use our Gift of Dazzle to help our Kinfolk see the
beauty and awe of Gaia. We use the Gift Parting the Velvet
Curtain to take our Kinfolk to the Umbra to see the nature
of the Wyrm. and the Weaver and the Wyld. Then we take
them to:‘our homeland so they can know our Mother's love.
We show them the story of the creation of our tribe and they
learn that only by spreading the message of Gaia's love to
humanity can we triumph in the Apocalypse.

Chapter Two: The Path of Peace Fl

WW

we


There's no homé in this world anymore for a saint,
With a sdlesman to franchise his sandals: ..

To stand in the garden and ask for nothing,

Well there's nothing they'd ever call more dangerous.
There will be robes.and gowns, There will be saints ;
There will be magic clowns, dressed for the masquerade.

Come riding, riding; riding,
Come running for your life.

Come take this song of my brothers,

Core take this healing light.

Rob MacDonald, "Song of My Brothers"

@ecorming the Healing
of the World

Now that you know of the world within the nurturing
bosom of the Children of Gaia, it is time you learned of the
world without. There are terrors in the world to chill the soul
of the most hardened warrior. You cannot inure yourself to
hurt. That way lies the Wyrm. You must face evil with an
open heart, or your closed heart will do the work of evil- ~

Many are the W/yrm's disciples. You shall learn of them,
and learn to defeat them. But the greatest monster you must
fight is the one that lurks within your own bosom.

Forces of Good

Action from principle, the perception and the performance of
right, changes things and relations; it is essentially revolution-
ary... It not only divides states and churches, it divides families;
ay, it divides the individual,-separating the diabolical in him from
the divine. :

~ Henry David ‘Thoreau, quoted in Pioneers of
American Freedom °°

The wide world is a confluence of the triune forces of the
Wyld, Weaver and Wyrm. But the clearest forces that have
guided man's development are the Gaian forces of love' and
openness and generosity toward all, and the Wyrm forces of
share and fear and selfishness." The Gaian forces draw us

Chapter Three: The Whoate of the Goddess AZ

wR

\\

i


together, and lead us to forge connections with our world,
our neighbors and ourselves. The Wyrm forces lead us to
shatter connections and hide behind barriers.

These two forces wrestle for the hearts and minds of all
humans... Their battle can be seen throughout history, and
their intertwining can be felt in all religious traditions. In
one chapter of a holy book, the writer goes on at great length
describing the compassion and eternal mercy of a loving
God. In the next, the author describes.a jealous god who has
no patience for even the smallest transgression..In one
chapter, the solomonic author waxes rhapsodic about the
body of his mistress and the transcendent bliss of his carnal
relationship with her. In the next, che pleasures of the flesh
are attacked as being ungodly. In one chapter, God calls for
peace and understanding for all. In the next, he exhorts his
followers to kill the children of their foes.

This is not inconsistency on the part of the divine. These
contradictions merely reflect on which powerful being the
author had elevated to the status of a God-—— Gaia or the
Wyrm. -

‘This same tug of opposites shows up everywhere, in every
institution created by humans. These contradictions appear
in law, business, politics, education and even entertain-
ment. Some laws are made to protrect people from oppres-
sion, and spread concentrations of power. And some laws are
made to oppress people, and concentrate power in the hands
of the few. Some business people are eager that all associates,
workers and clients benefit and prosper. And some business
people want to prosper at the expense of others. Some
leaders care for the triumphs and pain of all people: And
some care only for the triumphs and the pain of their cronies.

Boundaries between people are constructs of the W/yrm-
Division and enmity along racial, sexual, religious, national
and cultural boundaries are Wyrm-spawned. Love that crosses
these lines is Gaian.. :

The Wyrm's will must always be imposed from without.
Hate must be taught, it is not inborn. Gaia's will cannot be
imposed from without..It can only be discovered within,
through introspection. For this reason, the W/yrm ridicules
self-awareness and spiritual searching, and attempts to fill
that need with external religious dogma.

Our senses rebel when others attempt to imposed their
bigotry upon us. But our senses rejoice when we are treated
‘with respect and love. .

44 - Children of Gaia

Choosing Healing

I chose and my world was shaken: So what?

The choice may have been mistaken..The choosing was not.

You keep moving on.

Anything you do,

Let it come from you.

Then it will be new. ;

Move on.. :

—«- Stephen Sondheim, "Move On"

Life is full of choices. Seldom will they beso pure and
perfect that they will be obvious to you, child. You must
make your choice, act upon it with all your heart, and accept
the results. Acknowledge when your choice is wrong, and
likewise acknowledge when your choice is right.

Two hundred years ago our tribe made a choice: When
the Uktrena and their protectorate came under heavy attack

by the Wyrm and the burgeoning U.S.-government, the

Uktena appealed ro all tribes ro send warriors to repel their
enemies. We sent many packs, but not the numbers needed.
We chose to keep many of our packs dedicated to guiding the

nascent government. We knew that the settlers could never -

be pushed off the shores of the New World, and the greater
goal was finding a way for both peoples to live together.

We received withering criticism for this decision. The
Ubktena felt betrayed. Of all the Old World tribes, we were
the only one they had come to trust.

We could have saved more lives had we sent more packs.
Were we wrong to-continue to-assist the colonists and
improve their souls? In the end, I think it's clear that we
made the best choice for the long term. But that does not set
my conscience at rest.

Nonetheless, we cannot indulge in mournful regret. That
way lies Harano, and that way lies the Wyrm..Accept your
choices, for good or ill, and continue on your way. You will
make mistakes in the world. That is how you learn. If you are
like your forebears, you will make some huge mistakes: But
learn you shall.

And you will do better. THAT is the very process that
heals the world. It is as simple as that. For you are the world.
As you improve, so improves the world. ;

(he VO"yrm

There is but one Wyrm. But the Wyrm has many faces,
many masks. Just as all Garou are Children of Gaia, so the
three faces of the Wyrm are but one Wyrm.

However, just as the tribes of Garou work against one
another, so too does the Wyrm work against itself. The forces
that emanate from the Defiler Wyrm aspect of the One
Wyrm have often corrupted and destroyed forces that ema-
nate from the Eatrer-of-Souls and the Beast-of-W/ar.


Eater-of-Souls

‘This aspect of the Wyrm embodies voracious over-cori-
sumption and greed. It spréads fear of scarcity, and makes
humans tremble at the thought of want; want of food, of
approval, of respect, of love. lt is terror personified, and none
of us are free from its icy touch.

When you fear that love will not last, or that no otie cares
for you, or that you are alone in a hateful world, the Eater-
of-Souls is eating a hole in your spirit..Only by filling your
heart with the love of the Goddess and returning that love
to the world can you banish this dread beast. And then the
world shall magically transform before your eyes to a loving
home overflowing with love and respect and friends who
care for you.

Love the world. Trust in life and the process of life, and
you shall be free.

@east-of-War

This is the militant facé of the Wyrm: This face stirs rage
and anger in humans and Garou. It exhorts us to lash out and
destroy our enemies, or anyone who aggrieves us. It builds ort
the fear engendered by the Eater-of-Souls, and causes the
fearful to strike out in blind panic. It is hate personified.

When you feel a blinding rage, and desire to crush your
oppressor beneath your powerful fists, the Beast-of-War is

upon you. When you striké your foe, do so because
striking her is necessary, not because it gives you
pleasure.

Act from dury and not hate. Overcome hate, and you
shall be free.

CDefiler UOyrm

Subrcléest and most dangérous of all the Wyrm faces, the
Defiler isnearly invisible to most Garou. It is a tiny voice of
corruption that whispers that our pleasure is more impor-
tant than healing another's pain. This quickly turns into
sadism. It relis us that meeting our whims is more important
than seeing to it that others can meet their needs. This
quickly turns to closing the heart, and the death of empathy.
Empathy is the single greatest gift of the Goddess. It is all
that connects us to one another, and thereby, to the divine.
The Defiler taints children through deep inner wounds,
and closes off their empathy. It makes sadists, masochists and
child-molesters; sociopaths who seem beyond cure of reha-
bilitation. -The Defiler touches more children every year,
which makes good people close their hearts from fear, and in
turn. kills empathy and produces more sociopaths. :
This is the most likely scenario for the Apocalypse: the
level of sociopaths reaches a critical mass, and overtakes the
rate at which the world produces good people. There will be
no need to destroy the world when all the hearts of human-
kind are closed to one another and Gaia.
The only possible cure is to love those who are utrworthy
of any love. We must do as the grearest humans bade us do.
We must do what no civilization has yet accomplished. We
must do the impossible.

We must love our enemies. Only then are we free.

Damnpires

These corrupt beings have lost their connection to Gaia,
and have no biological empathy to their fellow creatures.
This has locked them into a degenerating spiral in which
they are doomed to lose their humanity.. Only through
artifice and contrivance of moral acts can they maintain
their humanity. ‘These damned souls feel mo true joy, no
living connection to Gaia's radiance, and cannot help
others from a sense of love. However, some of our brothers
and sisters have been successful.in helping them-regain a
small measure of humane behavior, proving again that no
soul is so damned that the loving Gaia will not help it.

Before the arrival of vampires in the Old World cities, the
sacred ankh was a symbol of the most holy force: the union
of the man and woman. The female oval surmounts the male
staff, joined at the crossbar. After the vampires arrived, they
perverted this holy symbol to signify undeath and vampiric
parasitisrn. (Though some among us maintain that vampires
cling to the ankh to find some hope of redemption; .and
eventual return to Gaia.)

Chapter Three: The Whole of the Goddess AS

\

a

Weare charged with fighting the Wyrm wheréver it is
found and wherever it breeds. But keep in mind that some
among the Kindred strive mightily to be good, and are not of
the Wyrm.

As vampires find theniselves doing more and more -mon-
strous things, they.come closer and closer to the Wyrm.
However, some say that they are not condemned to stay
Wryrm-tainted for all of eternity,and can be restored ta
grace. If this is true, it is proof that Gaia abandons none of
her children, even the most depraved. If these beings, who
by their nature are so vulnerable to the Wyrm, can redeem
themselves, why can't the fractious Garou? It may be that we
can learn a great deal from the vampires, if we allow our-
selves. a :

But we must use the utmost caution, even in dealing with
the most humane of.vampires. For they routinely betray
others without remorse or compunction.

Wages

Mages are a haughty, arrogant lot. They burn brightly
with their power, but often burn out. Some of them work
toward Gaian. ends,.but their means often corrupt their
results. Many of them hold large pieces of truth, but their
monstrous egos keep them from submitting to love and
slaying their internal dragons..They believe they shape

AG Children of Gaia

reality with their beliefs, but they will not choose to live in
a world of love.

One of their Traditions, the Verbena, worship one face of
Gaia, but in an arcane and curious manner. The Celestial
Chorus worships the high moral aspect of the Goddess. The
Akashic brotherhood splintered off one of our Asian en-
lightenment cults. The Dreamspeakers have adopted many
of our ways, and rernain in close contact with us. The Virtual
Adepts have been useful in providing the Glass Walkers and
us with access to new worlds within Gaia. But the group we
have the most hope for is the Cult of Ecstasy: Though they
are as self-absorbed and ego-driven as any of them, their
rituals open them up to the love and the will of Gaia. They
may yet revolutionize magecraft all over the world. They
were able partners in the budding of Gaian love two decades
ago, and may yet bring it to full flower in the next generation.

Faeries

We think that faeries are nothing less than living bits of
magic. When the Gauntlet tore spirit from: matter, they
could not continue to exist, and fled this world. But some
remain, using charmis to survive the hostile, divided world.
They are dangerous eriemies, but can make powerful allies.
They are always temperamental, and often irrational as well.
Avoid them unless you are certain you must deal with them,

£


i
i

1
i
i

and then be very, very careful. The rules of the world do not
operate the same with them.

Wraiths

These are pathetic, dangerous spirits torn from ‘the natu- ~~

ral order of life and death. They are stuck ini a tragic limbo
of ignorance and shame. We must free them, but they are
often beyond our reach. We must destroy the foul perversion
that has caused them to become ensnared: Perhaps in the
Apocalypse... a

"he Human World

I always consider the settlement of America with reverence
and wonder, as the opening of a grand scene and design in
providence, for the illumination of the ignorant and the emanci-
pation of the slavish part of mankind all over the earth.

—— John -Adarns, Notes for A: Dissertation on the
Canon and Feudal Law

We have touched all parts of the world. We do not
dominate any single area, but we try to reach everywhere.
Wedo not see the world as "our land" and "their land". Itc is

all everyone's land. We think globally, and build wWorld-

girdling networks instead of isolated enclaves.

We have had trouble building lasting communities in ‘the

Mideast, Southeast Asia, parts of Africa, and other war-torn
areas. The Wyrm singles us out for assassination in places
where it has strength.

We have built large protectoratés in well-defended lands,
like Switzerland, where we teach peace to the war-weary
world. We've recently done well in the former Soviet Union,
where people have a thirst for freedom, and in rhe develop-
ing world, where we bring food and reproductive freedom to
end the tragedy of unwanted offspring. For suffering children
have little resistance to W/yrm-corruption.

But we have been most successful in the U.S, where we've
built a dynamic network across all the stares.

However, there are still areas which neéd our aid.. The

Shadow Lords lead their Kinfolk in destructive, ancient
"rivalries throughout their ancestral territories inthe Balkans.

Tt is up to us to show them that old ideas of territory and the
right to initiate Kinfolk wars over issues of flock are no
longer valid. There is still so much work to be done.

Invocation of Final
Purpose

. Thus ends your Rite of Passage, child.

_ Know that you have ‘stepped upor:-the most difficult of all ..
. paths. To be a Child of Gaia is to walk with all life, and yer

to walk alone.

As Garou you are torn from humanity by the Deliriurm, _

just as spirit was once torn from matter. As a Child of Gaia
you are torn from your own family of Garou, who do not
know we are of one tribe. All chose who cling toancient pain
rather than embrace unfamiliar joys will always see you as
the enemy. You represent the courage to change, and the
enemies of change are legion, and hold all the power.
Your only hope comes in touching minds and hearts and

souls one at a time. But once we reach a tiny fraction of

humans, they will aid us in our work, and together we can

effect change all over the world like a whip crack. When we

taught this wisdom to mankind, we slyly called it the
"Flundredth Monkey" theory. Have you heard this theory?
Researchers watching monkeys noticed that when one mon-
key washed its fruit before eating it, other monkeys around
her soon followed the practice. Then, amazingly, researchers
on other islands nearby began to notice their monkeys
performing the same behavior. It soon spread to many more
monkeys besides. In such wise, humans will follow a good
idea and adopt it quickly.

Who knows? Perhaps the hundredth monkey will be you:

Chapter Three: Thé Whole of the Goddess A7

WW

i



Canst thou. bind the wnicorn with his band in the furrow? or will
he harrow the valleys after thee? Wilt thou trust him, because his
strength is so great? or wilt thou leave thy labor to him? Wilt thou
believe him?

+ Job 39:9-12

Tribal Weaknesses
(Optional

An optional rule was introduced in the first Werewolf
‘Tribebook: tribal weaknesses. These aré quirks each mem-
ber of a particular tribe possesses, usually due to the social or
even genetic mature of the tribe. Weaknesses should not
always be enforced. There are some situations where a Bone
Gnawer may not suffer a higher difficulry on Social rolls.
These situations may be rare, but they can occur. For
instance, Black Furies suffer from inborn anger against men,
but a Black Fury may not feel anger toward aman with whom
she has built a trusting relationship.

It is up to the Storyteller to enforce these rules when an
approptfiate situation occurs in the game. After all, player
may be unwilling to remind the Storyteller that her Uktena's
curiosity will get her into trouble. :

Chiloren of Gaia Weakness |

Weak Veil: Witnessés at +5 on Delirium Chart
Vhe Children of Gaia do not cause as severe a Delirium
reaction in humans who see them in Crinos form: Give all

Appendix One: Powers

witnesses a +5 on the Delirium Chart (the worst réaction is
"Conciliatory").

As with all weaknesses, however, the Storyteller can
decide thar there are some situations where they are not
effective. Thus, a Child of Gaia should never depend on this,
since she could, in certain: extreme ‘situations, still send
humans into paroxysms of feat. Remember also that it will be
harder for a Child of Gaia-to hide behind the Veil, and thar
werewolf hunters may have an easier time tracking her down
through witnesses*to her occasional rampages.

Gifts

« Grandmother's Touch (Level Two) — This Gift is
exactly like Mother's Touch (level one Theurge),.but the
Garou can use it to heal herself as well as others. This Gift is
taught by a Unicorn spirit.

* Spelibinding Oration (Level Two) —~ Similar to Per-
suasion (level one Homid), this Gift allows a Child of Gaia
to be persuasive when dealing with others... The Garou's
statements will take on an air of extra meaning and credibil-
ity. Those hearing him are likely to agree with him. This Gift
is taught by a Unicorn spirit.

YAY

WW

cL

a

CR Eee Jah is we.

System: The Garou rolis Charisma+ Leadership against
a difficulty of 6. if successful, the difficulties of all Social rolls
are reduced by two for the remainder of the scene. If the
Garou is actively trying to exhort his audience to anything
other than combat (in any form), the difficulties of Social
rolls are reduced by three. The Garou must orate for at least
five minutes... The effect lasts for one scene.

* Good Faith (Level Three) — With this Gift, the Garou
can cause all those in his presence to become filled with a
sense of higher purpose. They all feel the work they must do
together is more important than their differences. All other
distractions are gone, and they feel inspired to take reason-
able positions, rather than inflexible postures or exaggerated
stands intended to be bargained away. Those who resist, and
continue to bargain in bad faith, become loudly and uncon-
trollably flatulent each time they state their position. This
Gift is taught by avatars of the New World Trinity totem.

System: The Garou rolls Wits + Expression against a
difficulty of 6. Anyone who actively wants to resist finding
common ground or negotiating in good faith must make a
resisted Willpower roll (difficulty 6) against the Garou's
number of successes. If he fails to resist, his opposition will
be betrayed by his sudden flatulence, and he will likely be
shunned and viewed as absurdly inflexible by those who
bargain. in good faith.

e Trust of Gaia (Level Five) —- With this Gift, the
Garou instantly earns the trust of all who meet him or hear

SO Children of Gaia

him, even over a telephone of television. They feel instinc-
tively thac he is a good and trustworthy person. This feeling
wells up from such a deep level that it cannot be changed by
even the most invasive mind control. People affected by this
Gift can still be mind-controlled to attack the Garou, but
hate doing sa. Those who are Wyrm-corrupted feel intense
dislike instead of trust.

This trust is strong, but it does not supersede the persori's
common sense. If the Child of Gaia is firing a machine gun
into the crowd, the people will still scatter, rather than trust
that he'll miss them. However, they will all be convinced
that he had a very good reason for firing.

The Children of Gaia warn that this Gift has great
potential for abuse, and punish those who use it for petty
gain. This Gift is taught by an avatar of Unicorn:

System: The Garou rolls Manipulation + Empathy against
a difficulty of 6. The difficulty against Garou, or humans
corrupted by the Wyrm, is 8. Wyrm beasts are immune. If
successful,: everyone who sees; hears, or experiences the
Garou in any way must make a resistance roll (Willpower
against difficulty 6) or feel a high degree of trust for the
Garou. They will confide in him as they would a trusted
friend. The effect will last for one scene, or as long as the
person remains im contact with the Garou. However,.even
once the Gift's effect has worn off, the person wili feel good
will toward the Garou.


Cites

QRite of Comfort (Rite of Accord)

Level Two

This rite is performed over a subject suffering Harano. If
successful, the sufferer is thereafter prevented from falling
any deeper into Harano. The rite does not cure the condi-
tion, but simply prevents it from worsening. Harano cannot
be cured except by individual quests, tailored by the Story-
teller. The sufferer may not commit self-destructive acts
after the rite has been performed. The self-destructive ac-
tions of Harano are dictated by the Storyteller, and not by
the player. :

During the rite, the ritermaster chants soothing songs to
the Harano sufferer.. The sufferer may choose to walk out on
the rite before it begins, but after it has begun, she must resist
(see below) to be able to leave.

System: The ritemaster makes his roll (Charisma +
Rituals against a difficulty of 7); the recipient gains the
riternaster's number of successes as special Willpower points.
These Willpower points may take the recipient over ten in
her Willpower score. The recipient may spend these special
points to resist self-destructive impulses caused by Harano,
but may not spend them for any other reason. .- |

If the recipient is unwilling to receive this benefit, she

way resist with a Wits + Primal Urge roll. If she does not

successfully resist against all the ritemaster's successes, she is'
prevented from taking any self-destructive action until she
has used. up all the special Willpower points resisting self-
destructive impulses. If she ‘successfully resists, she is not
affected by the Rite of Comfort.

Rite of Gaian Blood (Mystic Rite)
Level Three

This rite causes the subject's blood to course with the
living power of Gaia. The blood is painful to vampires, who
can take no nourishment from it. (though it does not harm
them). Wyrrn beasts also cannot abide the taste of the blood,
or the smell of the subject. They must make Willpower rolls
in order to touch the subject, or do anything that will bruise
the subject, or cause her blood to be spilled.

System: The ritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals against a
difficulty of 7; only one success is required. The effect lasts
for one lunar month."

Rite of Resolution (Rite of Accord)

Level Four noo .

‘This rite is enacted before ritual combat. The Garou join
in affirming their respect for each other through howls of
praise for all participants. When the rite has been con-
cluded, the participants will not frenzy against one another
in. ritual combat.


System: This rite prevents participants from frenzying on
each other in ritual combat. In order for the -rite to be
effective, both combatants must take part in-the rite. The
combat must also be a Duel-— the rite has no effect on
regular combat. This rite ends after combat is concluded.
The ritémaster's difficulry (Charisma + Rituals roll} is the
highest Rage among the Garou present..Each Duel partici-
pant (not the riternaster) must spend one Willpower point.

Rite of the Parted Veil (Mystic Rite)

Level Five

When this ritual is performed three times 6n three differ-
ent occasions upon asubject, the Veil is permanently pierced,
and the target (most often human, although sometimes a
wolf) is-immune to the Delirium forever, and the Curse is
likewise lessened... This rite is only. performed after the
Children of Gaia make an exhaustive study of the target and
determine his or her suitability. It is often done for mates
who wish to join the Children of Gaia as allies and become
part of the Kinfolk network.

Although this rite is similar to Rending of the Veil (level
four), tribal elders warn that it must never be used against the
person's will. Ic is not used to terrify an. unsuspecting or
Wyrm-tainted human,.but to welcome a newcomer to the
family of Kinfolk.

System: Standard for Mystical rites.

ee

En? Cime Rite (Mystic Rite)

Level Five

This rite takes three exhausting days. The rite participants
maust dance and chant continuously the entire time. When the
rite is completed, the participants know whether their recent
actions have made the Apocalypse more imminent or less so.
‘They also get a sense of how recent actions taken by the entire
Garou Nation have affected the Apocalypse.

The Children of Gaia believe that the world will not be
destroyed in the Apocalypse, but changed into a new form based
on the méthods and tactics of those who triumph in the great
barctle. This rice gives them a chance to see what that world will be
like if the Apocalypse were to come with the Garou in their
present state. Many such rites show the Wyrm triumphing over a
divided .Garou nation. Some rites have shown. the Garou
triumphing, but recreating the world as a place of hatred, division
and betrayal — reflecting the tactics thar the Garou would use in
prosecuting such a war. This direct, first hand experience of the
outcome of the Apocalypse stirs the Children of Gaia to find new
solutions. ;

‘The Children of Gaia have invited other tribes to participate .
in this rite, but few accept. Those whodoso often become converts
to the Children's way of thinking on Apocalypse matters. The
Childrén of Gaia try to earn great favors from the leaders of other
tribes, so they can dernand that those leaders participate in the End
Time Rite when it is time for them to return the favor. The
Children want all the tribes to learn the secrets of the Apocalypse.


System: The ritemaster rolls Wits. + Rituals against a
difficulty of 7, although the Storyteller may lower this as the
Apocalypse becomes more imminent.

otems of Wisdom

Uew World Crinity

Background Cost:'5

This triune being is composed of three bird-spirits that
inspired the founding farhers and mothers of the American
Revolution: Dove, Eagle and Turkey. Dove represents the
Jeffersonian ideals of peaceful commerce with all, and entan-
gling alliances with none. Eagle represents John Adams' notion
of a strong, fierce warrior who fights so that his children may
become philosophers. The Turkey, a uniquely American bird
with high intelligence, represents Franklin's ideas of audacious,
defiant individuality and disregard for the Old World emphasis
on external appearance over internal qualities.

Traits: Packs gain three additional dice when using any
Gift involving persuasion and learn the Gifts Wisdom of the
Ancient Ways and Dreamspeak. They can use Dreamspeak
to give Gaian visions to influential humans. ~

Ban: .The ‘Trinity requires that its children promote
peace, seek justice, and build communities without compro-
mising individuality.

Appendix One: Powers

4
: .

Fetishes
ruth Feather
Level 2, Gnosis 6

‘This fetish is a single falcon feather. It provides the level
one Philodox Gift Truth of Gaia.

Goggles of Sight From Beyond

Level 3, Gnosis 6

This fetish can bé a pair of sunglasses; but is usually a pair
of heavy-dury goggles. The goggles provide the level two
Theurge Gift, Sight from Beyond.

Gaia's Ghost Shirt

Level 5, Gnosis 7

This fetish is a vest made of reeds. Gaia deflects wounds
from the wearer.

The shirt adds two extra soak dice. If the Child of Gaia does
not strike his foe, but only tries to subdue him, the shirt adds four
soak dice. If the Child of Gaia refuses to fight back arall, che shirt
adds five soak dice. The shirt also negates damage from the level
five Get of Fenris Gift Fenris' Bite, the level four Shadow Lords
Gift Open Wounds, and the Black Spiral Dancer Gifts of
Foaming Fury, Crawling Poison, and Balefire.


4
i
|
U

WMerits and Flaws
Burned Out (1 pt Psychological Flaw)

You've fought the good fight for too long and lost-one
battle too many. It has taken its toll on your soul, and you're
ready to give up.. Too many times has evil won over your
crusades. If arryone starts shoving that peace and love crap
down your throat one more time, you just might snap..This
Flaw doesn't mean you've given up entirely, just that you're
more cynical than you used to be, and more prone to frenzy
when things don't go your way.

Horn of the Unicorn (1 pt Supernatural
Merit) :

Grants one automatic success on any roll involving heal-
ing or purification. This is mor a real horn, though a short,
horn-like shaft of light may appear from the Garou's fore-
head in the Umbra.

Uaive 1 pt Psychological Flaw)

You look at the world throiigh the rose-colored glasses of ~
peace and love. Your privileged upbringing (or massive
psychological repression of abuse) makes you all too ready to
accept others as kind and caring. You are always the last to
suspect foul play or bad intent on the part of another, and
this can get you in real trouble. On the other hand, this flaw

S4 Children of Gaia

‘i

often leads people of the Caregiver archetype to take you
under their wings with more fervor than usual.

Proselytizer (1 pt Psychological Flaw)

You believe heavy in your cause and won't rest until
everybody else does too. This can really help you at first, as
the fire of your passion impresses others, but you just don't let
up, and this leads others to grow annoyed fast. It can lead to
fights if you go too far. If the Storyteller feels the player isn't
playing this well, he can impose a Willpower point cost per
scene the character does not try to win others to his side.

Supporter (2 pt Aptitude Merit)

You aré quietly inspirational co all those around you.
People seek you out because your every word inspires them.
People are eager to believe you, and hear your words. All
your Social rolls have a -2 difficulty.

Metis CDisfigurement

Unicorn's Horn: Those metis with the Horn disfigure-
ment may be more respected than usual among the Children
of Gaia. The horn may either be a unicorn's horn protruding
fromm the forehead, in which case the metis is considered

o favored by Unicorn, orit can be two knobby goat horns, in

which case the metis is said to be a child of Pan.


\\

Children of Gaia are a widély varied group, ranging from contend with their own souls as often as they contend with
délicate dreamers to arrogant killers. But most work to strike the minions of the Wyrm. They strive in good faith toanswer
a balance between pacifist ideals and the warrior creed. In an Gaia's call, knowing that the world will be remade in the
age when all life hangs in the balance, the Children of Gaia image of the tactics they use to fight the Apocalypse.

\ wis

4

uo T don't know Who — or what —— put the question, T don't
i know when it was put. I don'teven remember answering. But at
: some moment I did answer Yes to Someone —— or Something —
: and from that hour I was certain that existence is meaningful and
‘ that, therefore, my life, in self-surrender, had a goal.
: — Dag Hammarskjéld (1905-61), Swedish states-
: man; Secrerary-General of U.N.

Za

Appendix Two: Children of Gaia Templates S55

Wise Fool

= Quote: T live for their laughter; even when
they laugh at me. But I always have the last
laugh, for they never realize they stopped fighting
éach other to laugh at me, and walked away as
friends.

Prelude: Your mother was°a Garou,
not just Kinfolk, and that makes you
rare among the Garou. You were raised
with the Children of Gaia, where you
learned tolerance for other tribes and
other breeds by example. You learned
- the ways of the wolf and the human, and
you love both and fear neither. Your unique upbringing
allowed you to understand the similarities berween humans,
wolves and Garou, and understand what keeps them apart
as well. Your Firse Change was not traumatic, but a happy
and curiously arousing experience.
You use your talents to show other
Garou that they hurt themselves
when they hurt one another.
Concept: You believe in the
old saying "Laughter is the best
medicine." You deliberately play
the fool to ‘liven gatherings and
lighten moods. You use your ralents
to make other Garou laugh, and
bring joy into their lives. Their prim
demeanors: hang over them like a
palpable cloud, weakening their resolve
with cynicism. The weight of their gravity
and misery only helps the Wyrm..Gaia is
strengthened when they laugh and love life:
You understand homid and lupus, human and
wolf. You know what to do to make everyone laugh
and play like pups. You're not afraid to be the object of
ridicule, and often lower yourself to bring others together.
Your antics have defused escalating tensions, and stopped
open fighting.
You make friends easily, and bring togerher
rivals through their common friendships with
5 you. As rivals get to know each other, you
‘ help them see thar they are not really so
yy, different from each other. You are loyal to your
friends and always ready to lend a hand, a paw,
ora tail. As a result, you have a wide network of
allies.
Roleplaying Hints: Smile often and easily. Be charming,
gracious, spontaneous and funny. Tell good-natured, in-
. A sightful jokes, do acrobatic stunts, dance. Do not respond
to anger with anger. Playfully chide dangerous behavior,
but don't scold or punish. Laugh and the world
laughs with you.
Equipment: Juggling bails, cloak of many
colors, marbles, bits of string, chew toy, kite.

NE

"yy

&

ee

y


WP

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ragabash Pack ‘Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Aethera Inamorata Concept: Wise Epo!
ot Oe Attributes ore
Physical Social Mental
Strength, Se000 Charisma e2eee0 Perception. ee000
Dexterity. Bee00 Manipulation, 820800 Intelligence... OOO
Stamina @e000 Ek qhilitic« e@e800 Writs, eeeeo
a
Calents ‘le Knowledge
Alertness, ee@e00 Animal Ken eO000 Computer. COoO000
Athletics eee00 Drive O0000 Enigmas. eee00
Brawl BOO0O Etiquette O0000 Investigation, O0000
Dodge @0000 Firearms o0000 Law oo0000
Empathy. @eeeoo Melee O0000 Linguistics O0000
Expression, oO0000 Leadership. e2@e000 Medicine ee000
Intimidation, oo0000 Performance, @e2ee00 Occult, oo00ne
Primal-Urge e@e000 Repair. O0000 Politics 00000
Streetwise e0000 Stealth. e0000 Rituals. Co00°0O
Subterfuge oOov000 Survival, @e000 Science C0000
a a
Backgrounds Gitts Gifts
Allies eeeee blieightened Senses
o0000 Blur of the Milky Eye
00000 Mother's Touch
oOo0000 Open Seal
o0000
en <a sancntonenenentl Lesions "wrmnteesameinnif ernie
"Renown art Rage ~"Health
6006'S 666 eeooo0o000000 Bruised ci
njured 4
Honor ss 7 cman Lane
e060 0:0 0:6 60-0 2 Gnosis Wounded Lp =
CICICILICICICICICICI eee9eee000 0-0 auled 2 5
Wisde: EPP 35
ea nooooooooo io

he
He
[je
[Jo
Co
Clo
Clo
Cle
Co

BS)

———— Willpower eevee
eeeeo0000n0
MOOOOOOOOCIC

worn Ue aktnie ss mm Contmar
WEAK VEIL:
WITNESSES AT +5 ON
DELERIUM CHART

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One froin breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

Cucmaen 07 Cus RG

EY

a\\\'

Ly


Supernatural
Investigator

Quote: Do you really think-that only the
Garou are part of Gaia's plan to save the
world? Even the Garou cannot agree on
the details of Gaia's plan. So how can you
be sure that many other creatures are not "
also part of the holy game of redemption?

Prelude: You were a secretive child
with an insatiable curiosity. From your
earliest thoughts, you had an abiding
certainry that the world was filled with
occult powers and other-worldly creatures.
You were drawn like a magnet to all
mythical stories, and knew, in spite of
ridicule, that the tales were true: You
were especially drawn to horror
movies about vampires. and
werewolves and reanimated
beings. You really liked the
ones that. implied that
these creatures were not
mecessarily evil, bur
answered to a-higher
power. You still like rales
of the fall into darkness,
and redemption. from
evil.

You were reading one
night as the light of the
crescent moon shone
through your window
——— and you Changed.

All your prayers were
answered, and you
began nocturnal mis-
sions into the
supernatural world,
finally meeting all
the beings .you
always knew were

there. 1
Youhavemetand _[
allied with several 4 —

highly" moral varn-

Pires of clan Gangrel.

They have -introduced

you to .many other —~a,

vampires, and are helping

you track down a supposedly

mythical vampire who has

transcended vampirism. -
You-have met. faeries, ra

mages, spirits, demons and

58

iL ————— -

beings almost unclassifiable by any known system. You have
learned that there are only two kinds of beings in the world:
those who only look out for their own enrichment and
betterment, and those concerned with the betterment and
enrichment of all. Those concerned with thernselves seem
to always do the Wyrm's work, even if by accident. Those
concerned with others seem ro do the work of Gaia; even
without knowing their actions aid her.
Concept: You stand among those Children of Gaia
who believe that the vampires have much to teach.
They are not all of the Wyrm, despite what some tribes
say, and youcan instantly spot those that are. You have
even known vampires who have redeemed themselves
and are free of Wyrm taint. This has filled you with hope
for all Wyrm. creatures. You help vampires who
search for permanent redemption and complete
freedom from their curse. If you find their Grail,
you will teach the whole of the Garou Nation
to save Gaia from the Wyrm.
You forge alliances
between the Garouand
other beings hidden
just beneath the rhin
crust of conventional
reality. These
strategic alliances
have helped you in
the past, and you are
eager to make new
ones.
Roleplaying
Hints: You are
tolerant and slow to
pass judgment on
others. You defend
those vampires who
are not ofthe Wyrm.
and those who are
trying to save
themselves. You
are, however,
quick to react to
those -vampires
who revel in their
evil. Your tolerance
extends to Garou as
well, believing thar it may
be possible to save Garou who
- | have been tainted, and perhaps
even redeem some Black Spiral
- eS 4 Dancers.
. Equipment: Cellularphone,
trench coat, light -pistol,
miniature IR camera, pocket

"~ tape recorder and a laptop

computer.

WW

\ wal


— Ouran 07 Gaus ES

Glory

@eoooo0o00o090
OOOOOOOOOC

Co
Clo
le
Lo
Co

Q
Cc

le
[jo
[lo = [Jo
[lo §
Clo
Ne
le
le

eeeeeooo°0sn0
a Wi llpower ——"——

@eeeoooo0oo°0s9n0
MOIOIOCICICICICICI

g
[he ¥
Clo
Ne
Clo
Oo

|
8 Ob
SS

Ce [Pe [pe
| fe [he

Ce [he

Te Oe

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: I Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

a a ae ee
——e«
Bruised
Hurt "1
Injured "1
Wounded 9.2

Name: Breed: Homid Pack Namie:
Player : Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Fatient Deéd Concept: Supernatural Investigator =
" .
oe oe Attributes meee
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @@000 Charisma 8208060 Perception. @2eea00
Dexterity. @e@000 Manipulation. ee800 Intelligence. geo
Stamina @@000 | ~~ Appearance e2ee800 Wits e@ee0e00
«Joyo
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness. ee000 Animal Ken COO000 Computer. 00000
Athletics o0000 Drive. e0000 Enigmas. eeee0
Brawl. @e000 Etiquette. OoO000 Investigation. C0000
Dodge o0000 Firearms _@e@e8000 Law. 20000
Empathy. @ee00 Melee e0000 Linguistics, 00000
Expression, fererelrers) Leadership. oOoO000 Medicine OO0O0O0
Intimidation, e0000o Performance O0000 Occult: eee00
Primal-Urge e0000 Repair. o0000 Politics e0000
Streetwise eee0o0 Stealth, e20000 Rituals 20000
Subterfuge @0000 Survival, oo00°0°0 Science o0000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Allies @e@e@00 Smell of Man
Rites ee000 Sense Wyrm
oo0000 Resist Fain
00000
OO000
earner Zarate eRe wwisimsrotamnmmell,ovatbonar
"Renown wit Rage

Ci

Cl

Cl

Cc
Mauled 2
Crippled = OO
Incapacitated C1
"Weakness ——aam

WEAK VEIL:
WITNESSES AT +5 ON
DELERIUM CHART

_ Anodyne

Quote: Do'you disdain me for the accident of my birth? Do you wisé the lofty
perch afforded by the accident of your birth to judge and condemn? Then "pure
blood" must not make for a pure heart. The splendor of Gaia's love can be

found in the most base-born, even as it can be lacking in even the most high.

Prelude: You were brought to the Children of Gaia shortly after

_ your real parents tried to drown ‘you. You.don't know their tribes, and

you don't care. The Children care for you as their own, .and.you desire
no other home.

You were scorned by visitors from other tribes, but the Children of
Gaia defended you. You began to stand out among all métis in your sept,
~ and showed special gifts. The Unicorn marked you as one of her own; you
bear asingle horn on your brow. You learned to heal the physical wounds
that your tribemates received and'‘you have tried -to heal the emotional
ones as well. You remedy wounds, salve sorrows, and restore spirits.

Concept: You are the perfect balance, the perfect bridge. As
Philodox, you are the balance between passion
re and wisdom. As a Child of Gaia, you are a bridge
between the-tribes, able to mediate for all of
them..As a metis,-you are a_ bridge
between human and wolf, brought up
among the Garou, both human and
wolf and yét neither. You. use your
special station to bring fairness and
justice to all Garou. You felt rhe scorn
of Garou society, but you also felt the
love of Gaia and her Children. Gaia
has bestowed her preatest gifts upon you,
and you will prove worthy of Her faith. You will heal
Her children.
Roleplaying Hints: Speak softly but authoritatively. You
ate confident in yourself and your abilities, and secure in your
beliefs. You teach by example more than by words. You know
that Gaia and the Garou can be healed, but you are not afraid to
take strong action againsr those who deserve to be stopped, even if
they are other Garou.
Metis Disfigurement: Unicorn Horn
Equipment: Walking staff, bandages, first aid kit.

\ is

<P

IName: Breed: Metis Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: FPhilodox Pack ‘Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Demeéter's Daughter Concept: Anod
ane i
ee Attributes eee
Physical Social Mental
Strength B@e000 Charisma S8000 Perception, S2ee00
Dexterity. @ee0e00 Manipulation... HOOD Intelligence __.-- CO @eeo
Stamina eeee0 Ek abilities @e000 Wits @©ee0e00
a ae
Calents ‘ils Knowledge
Alertness, ee000 Animal Ken? oOo000 Computer D0000
Axthletics @O000 Drive O0000 Enigmas. @eee00
Brawl @@ea00 Etiquette O90000 Investigation, OO000
Dodge. @0000 Firearms O0000 Law, @0000
Expression, O0000 Leadership ee000 Medicine e@e000
Intimidation, e@0000 Performance C0000 Occult C0000
Primal-Urge eee00 Repair. oO000O Politics Pavetetete:
Streetwise, eyereTetes Stealth. 00000 Rituals eee00
Subterfuge OOOO Survival, @0000 Science O0000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Mentor @8000 Sense Wyrm
Fast Life eee00 Truth of Cala

o0000 Mother's Touch

oo000 Resist Fain

00000

"Renovo n ~— one wit Rage ~"" Health
ees eee ee 8 900 0.00 0-9 Bruised =
OOOOoOOOooOo Hooooooooo et
njure 1
eeeooo0ov0a0cea a GPHosis Wounded 20
DICICITICICICICICICI ee5ae80000000 Mae 2 =
i 8 ey
Wisdom mooooooooOo Ineepenitated
AaAAaeaaeaeess : | _—
WEAK VEIL:
tmmtdemmntel ®o@2@8 @©@@ 0.00 0 0
Rank WITNESSES AT +5 ON

Curoaen 0s Cour

OOOO

DELERIUM CHART

Attributes: 7/5/3 -Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

\

Ye


Urnbral Craveler

Quote: You make a truly convincing case that there is no hope. But I am here to tell you I
know for sure that there is hope. Hope is a living being. I met her. No, really, it's
true. Two years ago I was in the Legendary Realm. Sit and Ul tell you the
story...

Prelude: You were born of prominent Kinfolk, and were
prophesied for greatness. You have always had an innate
spirituality, even as a young child. You were taken to a wild
Children of Gaia revel for your Rite of Passage, but as it began,
you felt a joyous rising, and saw the moonlit woods falling away
below you. You found yourself in a wood far deeper and more
mysterious than any you knew. At the top of an
enormous hill, you saw a great unicorn. You
climbed the hill for what seemed like weeks,
and finally looked into its bottomless,
shimmering eyes. The unicorn merged with
you, and guided you across a beautiful,
sunlit land full of plains, lakes, and
forests, populated by friendly people
and playful wolves. By the time your
tribe found you in the Children of
Gaia Homeland, you had decided
you wanted to stay in the Umbra
as much as you could.

Concept: You search the
Umbra looking for stories and
inspiration for all Garou. You
bring back tales of things you have
seen and found and share them with
Garou of all tribes. The Umbral Realms
are asource of tales to inspire even the
most cynical Bone Gnawer. You can
gentle raging Ahrouns with your
tales. You can guide even the
worldly Glass Walkers to spirituality
in the Umbra. You are aware of the
dangers of the Umbra, but you
have no fear of it. And there is
always more of the Umbra to
find and bring back to the
Garou.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak
earnestly and wistfully of the honesty of the Umbra and the spiritual
cleansing it provides. You love to champion the Umbra as the .
solution to any problem, and love ro venture there to seek
insight into earthly matters. You know that the Umbra has
untapped potential to help Garou understand one another,
and may even hold the secret to fighting the Wyrm and
preventing the Apocalypse. u

Equipment: Uzi, flack jacket, flashlight, grappling
hook, stun gun, rappelling equipment. You also have a
fetish, a Memory Ribbon from the Atrocity Realm in the
Umbra. It serves as a reminder of the atrocities you fight to
prevent (you may not be possessed and all frenzy difficulties
are raised by two).

62

———n—

FS Cwrmaen o¢ Caus ARF

Name: Breed: Homiad Pack Name:

Player: Auspice: Calliard Pack Totem: -
Chronicle: Camp: Servants of the Unicorn. Concept: Umbral Traveler
Dodge. @0000 Firearms OOOO Law. 00000
Empathy. eee8e00 Melee O0000 Linguistics C0000
Streetwise. O0000 Stealth. @e000 Rituals e@e000
Subterfuge 00000 Survival @e000 Science o0000

\ A
I ae es Attributes ,
Physical Social Mental -
Strength @S@e000 (Charisma SOe800 Perception. @ee@00
Dexterity. e@e000 Manipulation, @eeee0 Intelligence. OOOO
Stamina @e000 ~~ Appearance eee00 Wits, e@ee00
oe, "en
Talents Skills Knowledge
‘Alertness, eee0o0o Animal Ken, OO000 Computer. oO0000
Achletics oO0000 Drive. Oo0000 Enigmas @e@e00
Expression, e@0000 Leadership eee00 Medicine Poretetets!
Intimidation. OO000 Performance e@ee00 Occult, e@0000
Backgrounds Gitts Gifts |

Brawl S@ecoo Etiquette. See0oo .. Investigation, @Oo000
Primal-Urge e@e000 Repair. : o0000 Politics O0000
Fetish eeeeo Fersuasion

Fast Life @0000 Mindspeak
eo0000 Resist Fain

oOoo00o

ooo0o0o

"Re notwon wewrrcerenetl Laren ~rnerrat "it Rage reeeneroncnesl, Loraine re Efe alt | eteeneeenaeeeed

Glory eeeeeoeo0o0oo°0;9o:.o Bruised cl
fe)
eee OOOOoOoOoooo Hue 1 8
Kioner 2 Gnosis aoe ‘Wounded 2 O
Coo OOOO oOo Oo <
DIOIOIDIDICIOICICIL eweeo00c0 0 OO oO Coated 2 =
Wisdo ; : "
e000 OOo 6 6-0 oO NOOOOOOOOoo Incapacitated ol
DOO Loe eee Ti llpower —— ae - Weakness ——aam
ven QGank eeeeeooo°90n9n WEAK VEIL:
WITNESSES AT +5 ON
NOOOOOOOICIO DELERIUM CHART

Attributes: 7/5/3 "Abilities: 13/0/5 ‘Gifts! 1 Level One from breed, auspice and cribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

Spirit ‘Warrior Prelade: Your father was a great Children of Gaia Kinfolk

who worked in poverty-stricken areas. He was murdered. by
Quote: Wicked cur! You would Killall himans? Wyrm forces when he began to increase the hope and joy in
You are a disgrace before Gaia. The world

a despairing city.
would be a better place without your hate. Stop His brutal death shattered the safety and security of
your cruelty now or I will stop you.

your world..The-forces of good seemed small, and
unable to protect themselves... Every drive-by
shooting, every wife-battering, every foreign
war seemed to show that violence was
everywhere. All the forces of darkness
respected was force. The only way to stop the
violence was with more violence. You prayed
to Gaia for power to'stop the killing. And she
answered your prayers.
One moonlit night, asa gang rampaged through
your neighborhood, you Changed. You tore the
gang apart as an offering to Gaia before the Children
of Gaia found you to take you to Rite of Passage.
But the Goddess had provided you with
your own Rite of
Passage.
Concept: You
use your abilities to
defend the innocent
and the helpless." Your
father's assassination haunts
you, and impels you to greater
_ and greater risks. You are certain
, ‘ that the only way to end the
‘ fighting between the tribes will
Uke be to get rid of those Garou who do
not cooperate. You believe that it's long
past time to placate those Garou who do not
accept the love of Gaia and the worth of humanity.
Roleplaying Hints: Rage against injustice. Create the
peace of Gaia through any means necessary. Eliminate
your opponents to end their opposition. Kill for
Peace. Peace through War. When those who work
against kindness and justice are destroyed, the

for such tactics, but insist that the ends
justify the means. You especially enjoy
humiliating Shadow Lords or Wendigo
in combat. (They often underestimate
you because you are a Child of Gaia.)
Equipment: . Pistol, knife,
motorcycle, leather..jacket,
handcuffs, knives, crossbow.

O4

world will be a better place. Mourn the need.

Ww

\ is

= Curoeen o¢ Cus SES

Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ahroun Pack ‘Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Imminent Strike Concept: Spirit Warrior yA
eM Attributes =—— Sirona
Physical Social _ Mental
Strength &eee0 Charisimia eee00 Perception, BeO000
Dexterity eeee0 Manipulation e@0000 Intelligence. OOO
Stamina @ee00 | Appearance @ee000 Wits. Seee0
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness eee00 Animal Kern D0000 Computer. O0000
Athletics BOO00 Drive BSe000 Enigmas. @0o000
Brawl 8eee0 Etiquette oO0000 Investigation, BeO000
Dodge @e000 Firearms OOOO Law, e0000
Empathy O00 Melee. @eee00 Linguistics. OOOO
Expression, O0000 Leadership. @e000 Medicine O0000
Intimidation, ee000 Performance o0000 Occult, @0000
Primal-Urge ee000 Repair. 00000 Politics O00000
Streetwise eee00 Stealth, e@0000 Rituals O0000
Subterfuge O00 Survival O0000 Science 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gitts o

Contacts @e@000 Smell of Man 7

Kinfolk @0000 Razor Claws

Pure Breed ee000 Resist Fain

00000
o0000

een I A cE Za

"Renown aw At Rage mmm ienee rns EL @ ty memoir
Glory eoeeeoo0o0n Bruised cI
asAeeaeeeess ooOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo Hurt 10
@o00 Flonor 0-0 0.0 tt GNOSiS meter Wounded 2 CQ
ripp 5
0. 90:0 oem oO 0-0 OOOOOOOOOE Incapacitated Cc
NO OCICICICITICits "Willpower ——"— ~Weakness ——A—~
Gank eeeeodo00090 WEAK VEIL:
| WITNESSES AT +5 ON
OOOO DELERIUM CHART

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and cribe; Backgrounds:'5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

Ring out the thousand wars of old,
Ring in. the thousand years of peace.
— Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "In Memoriam"

Lore-Speaker Gron

Children of Gaia historical records are older and more
complete than those of any other tribe save the Fianna, and
they hold esoteric secrets unknown even to the Fianna lore
masters. :

One of the oldest figures in Children of Gaia record-keéping
predates even the recorded history of mankind. Lore-Speaker
Gron was a hermaphrodite Ahroun who vowed to end the
Impergium, and fought many challenges just for the right to
raise the issue of changing the Impergium policy at Garou
councils. :

After a lifetime of challenges, and after living through
multiple assassination attempts that claimed the lives of all
his/her loved ones, Gron was allowed to raise the issue at a
Grand Moot. Opponents thought they could beat the now-
ancient warrior at either combat or Gamecraft, and agreed
to Gamecraft. When Gron chose a Stargazer surrogate, she/
he lost Renown, but won the war. Gron was murdered on the
day the Impergium ended, but died happily, seeing the end
of the hated practice.

Children of Gaia still look ta Lore-Speaker Gron for
enduring courage against seemingly impossible odds, espe-
cially against other Garou:

G6

PEE is OP: Se

WHY


Siduri Sabitu

.In the early days of mankind, Children of Gaia heroes
were in constant contacre with human healers. They all
prayed together, and received direct revelation from rhe
Mother.. Siduri Sabitu created an extensive network of
priestessés to carry her words to the land, and warn people of
the corrupting influence of vampires and Wyrm minions. At
that time, the Leeches preyed on the locals with impunity,
and were gaining political control of Sumeria.

The Garou clamored for the heads of any kings who sided
with the vampires. They launched an all-out war against the
Leeches and their puppets, who were defiling the burgeon-
ing civilizations. Siduri knew that the Garou would be
doomed to lose their war against the vampires, since Leeches
can manufacture legions of undead overnight. She feared
the arrival of the Apocalypse.

She counseled that the Garou instéad work ro influencé
the mortal kings. The Garou refused, saying that they could
never match the serpentine subtlety of vampires in state-
craft. Besides, what had they ro offer a king who has been
offered immortality and absolute power? Siduri reproved
them, saying that they had fallen into their enemies' game.
What the Garou had to offer was better than the Leeches'
gift.

She proved this by showering King Gilgamesh with all
the pleasures of life in the most delectable manner possible.

Dazzled, the great king chose life over undeath. He could not
bring himself to give up the pleasurés of the living flesh for
all the power in the world. He rejected the vampires, and
organized the humans against the outraged Leeches.

This turn of events prevented the vampires from gaining
total control of the first city; and gave the Garou time to
regroup. Many generations later, the Leeches caused the
downfall of this kingdom. Bur an organized anti-vampire
resistance was born in humans that long outlasted the city.
Due to Siduri's actions, humans have an inborn suspicion of
vampires that carries even into the modern era of science
and the vampiric Masquerade.

- 7

Jasper Covington

Jasper Covington was a wealthy Englishman born at the
advent of the Enlightenment. He was the child of pampered
English nobility, who were well-connected Children of Gaia
Kinfolk. His parents taught him that fighting Wyrm-beasts
was the least effective way to creare change..After the raste
of blood lost its novelty, he grew disinterested in combat.

What excited him was not warfare, but working behind
the scenes to link Gaian love to man's practical life and
political rule. Jasper embraced this cause, and became an
influential power behind the burgeoning Age of Enlighten-
ment.


a

He used vast amounts of his family money to: bring
together the greatest minds for salons and raucous parties
that he stirred into hot philosophical debates... He toasted
the greatest minds of the day, and tantalized them with bits
of literally "enlightened" Gaian wisdom.

He also had a gift for understanding exactly how much
change his contemporaries could endure. He could keep
them challenged without going past their level of tolerance.
His quiet, insistent, behind-the-scenes advocacy made Gaian
ideals very fashionable: He never took credit for the ideas,
and generously allowed others to publish thoughts that he
had tossed into the philosophical mix. Publicly he insisted
that his only function was as a gracious host, in perpetualawe
of the intellectual superiority of his guests.

He helped spur arise in Deism, a reverence for nature, the
rights of man, and the place of pleasure as the basis for
goodness. He helped slow the slaughter of the Native Ameri-
cans by elevating the "natural man" to a place of respect.
This "re-humanized" people who had been dehumanized by
Wyrm forces in the colonial government. His gréatest suc-
cess was in spurring a neo-classical revival that borrowed
only from Gaian ideals in. classical Greece, and not the
Wryrm-inspired ideas from the decayed city-states.

He acted as impresario and chief marketer for the Age of
Enlightenment, which in curn spawned democratic govern-
ments and freedom movernents all over the world. The rise
of conscience in governing traces a path directly to Jasper.

Sarah Q@asheeda Ben-
Fasil

Sarah Ben-Fasil is a. Theurgé who has become a major
force in the blazing cauldron of Mideast politics. Her parents
were courageous Israeli and Egyptian Children of Gaia
Kinfolk, who began their own private Mideast peace process
shortly after the founding of Israel. She served in the Israeli
army and trained as a guerrilla. She has a remarkable facility
for Gifts; and is able to blariket an area in" infectiously
harmonious energies.

Sarah discovered that an ancient vampire named Malkav
slumbers somewhere near Jerusalem; his madness poisons
the land and drives humans to frenzy. This is medically
documented as "Jerusalem Syndrome," in which hundreds of
travelers to Jerusalem go mad every year.

She would like to heal or destroy this mad vampire, but
antil then, she works to provide an antidote to his broadcast
lunacy. Her efforts have begun. to pay off, and Mideast
leaders have been able to make treaties free of artificially-
induced frenzy.

yy


‘
fl
i
i

Nee

|
:
3
$
3

Gi
Oo. o°°0 06 Gory 9 Oo 0 ©
DIC CICIDICICICICI

Hlorior

oO

Aaaaaeeeeaa

Wisdem :
Haass

oo 0.0°0-0 00 0 0
OOOO

o0O OO 00 0 0 0 0
CIMICICICICICICICICI

"Willpower "<<
oO OOOO OOO 0
CICICICICIOI OCI

haeuuieument wo Health am

Bruised

Hurt "1
Injured "1
Wounded 2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5S
Incapacitated

oooogga

WEAK VEIL:
WITNESSES AT +5 ON
DELERIUM CHART

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Levél One from breed, auspice arid tribe; Backgrourids: 5;. Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

SG Curva o¢ Cou mae 2

|

Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: z=
Physical Social - Mental
Strength, C0000 Charisma. C0000 Perception. O0000
Dexterity OOOO Manipulation 00000 Intelligence oo0000
Stamina, oOo0000 : Appearance oo000°0 Wits, o0000
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness OO000 Animal Ken oO0000 Computer, foleleyere)
Athletics O0000 Drive O0000 Enigmas 00000
Brawl, e0000 Etiquette. o0000 Investigation, O0000
Dodge 0000 Firearms 00000 Law. oOo0000
- Empathy. O0000 Melee oO0000 Linguistics 00000
Expression, oO0000 Leadership o00000 Medicine oo0000
Intimidation. O0000 Performance. O0000 Occult, O0000
Primal-Urge. O0000 Repair. o0000 Politics Pateteteys)
Streetwise, oO0000 Stealth. o0000 Rituals O0000
Subterfuge. O00000 Survival o0000 Science O0000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts o
: .otetetere)
Ooo009d
ooocoo
Leteterere)
oo0090

L


weer Other Craits

Strength (+3)

Strength (+1)

sco megs ‘Fetishes Aira
OO000O trem: (Dedicated ~Level "Gnosis
OO0dOO ower,
OO000O 7 Irem: (Cl) Dedicated | Level _......... Gnosis
OO0CO0OO0 Power,
ON000 Trem: (Dedicated Level Gnosis
OoO000 Power.
oOoO000 Trem: Co Dedicated "Level Gnosis
[07910707 @) Power.
OoO0O00O Kg, - a
OOQ000 eee see a gto OF it eS Ai
Oo000
OOO0OO N
O0d000 \
OO000
Od000 |
OdO000
OONO0CO
OD0N00
OO000

Sp a

Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage Range Rate Clip Ba ravwli ng c hart nib
O1 e

~ Bice Dex + Brawl 5 Serength + 1+
Body Slam Dex + Brawl - 7 Special .
Claw Dex + Brawl 6 Strength + 2+
Grapple Dex + Brawl | 6 Strength
Kick Dex + Brawl - 7 Strength + 1
Punch Dex + Brawl — 6 Strength

+ These do ager dd di
Armoer:


j

Demeanor:

fE_ Crucmeen 03 Gut

Nature:
— mwa Werits & Flaws cee oar own g
Merit : Cype Cost Flaw Type Bonus
omen EXPANCED ackground ———
Allies Resources
Contacts Pure Breed
Zs
Kinfolk Past Life ao
Wentor Pack Totem
wim £5 Possessions = iiarate ("2 Experience waClorat
Gear (Carried) TOTAL:
Equipment (Owned)
Gained From:
Name TOTAL SPENT:
-Caern Location Spent On:
‘Level ‘Type
"Totem
(ia

4 a,


ee en is History

Prelude

aS need OTT Cui E>
]
| l= eee Moe (Description ac oor

A\\\t

Homid
Glabro

Crinos

Hispo Metis (Deformity

Pack Chart . Character Sketch

Lupus |

see


ribeshas- slaughtere Str al
in the name of power or the right to be Gaia's chosen one-
The Garou have a common enemy, though — the Wyrm
—— and dissension has made it strong. Now werewols
unite or they will all be destroyed and the world will soon

Thibebooks Black Furies, Bone Gnawers and Children of
Gaia. Here is your chance to take the war to the W yan
in the name of breed, tribe and Gaia.

Litany of the
/ The olde t Tribebi

e Additional rules, Merits and Flaws, Rites and fetishés:

ISBN — 1-56504-302-2
WW73380 $20.00 U.S.
Oo

| ae (2)
9" B1565"0453 |

Printed in Canada

\s)
