# File: Loom of Fate.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

eS ; = Shey ‘ or oe
s ~ : Sa = S\N gs

A Tale of Destiny

- for Mage:The Ascension™

Choices Made and Futures Followed

There's a divinity that shapes our ends,
Rough-hew them how we will.
— William Shakespeare, Hamlet (Act V, Scene Il)


Credits
Written by: Chris Hind
Developed by: Phil Brucato
Edited by: Robert Hatch
Art Director: Richard Thomas
Layout and Typesetting: Sam Chupp, Michelle Prahler
Maps: Brian Blume
Art: Jeff Wright and Joshua Gabriel Timbrook
Front Cover Art: Henry Gordon Higginbotham
Cover Art Photography: Mark Pace
Front and Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

Fe) 1598-8 STONECATE IND, BLD
RRA rin: Hin, ch 30083

CAME STUDIO

© 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without written permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Mage: The
Ascension and Loom of Fate are trademarks of White
Wolf Game Studio. All names, titles, characters and text
herein are copyrights of White Wolf unless otherwise
noted.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks
or copyrights concerned.

Special Thanks to:

Lyndi "Am I Evil?" Hathaway-McKeeman, for steam-
ing the Alaskan crabs.

William "Taxi Driver" Hale; his word-processor
runneth over.

Rebecca "Chin Na" Shaeffer, for feeding the cute
Canadian guys to Ken's fish.

Travis "Rat Salad" Williams, for having so much fun
with Brian's squeaky toy.

Renee "Globetrotter" Lily, for keeping Rob contented
in her absence.

Ben "Blue Meanie" Monk, for passing on Gramann's
Chinese car to Lyndi.

Wes "Silent Strider" Harris, wherever he may roam.

Daniel "I'm Waitin', Punk" Landers, for cutting loose
the Batmobile. P

Steve "Grand Master of Flowers" Weick, for his martial:
arts goob-fest.

Chris "Modem Master" Hind, for running the Ontario
marathon (Never use Wordstar!).

Darryl "Swing Shift" Midgette, for really outdoing
himself.

Mike "Why Me?" Krause, for his wet warehouse wel
come.


Table of Contents

Introduction: Once and Future Things
Chapter One: All Hallow's Eve
Chapter Two: Discerning a Pattern

Chapter Three: Tangled Webs...

Chapter Four: Prometheus Onbound.

Appendix I: Supporting Characters.......... 54-63
Appendix II: Fortune-Telling............sssesse 64-70

Introduction 3



Introduction:

nee and

Fut

Another Voice, when I am sleeping, cries

"The flower should open with the morning skies"

And a retreating whisper as I wake

"The flower that once has blown for ever dies."
The Rubdiyat of Omar Khayyam, verse XXVIII

Loom of Fate is a complete four-chapter story for
Mage: The Ascension. Set in San Francisco, it entwines
player mages in a web of usury and tragedy, where free will
threatens to unravel the very fabric of reality. This supple-
Ment details plots, characters and settings, thus enabling
Your troupe to tell an earthshaking story. Appendix One
compiles all character descriptions for ease of reference
Appendix Two contains guidelines for running a Tarot-
like card-reading.

This plot encourages character interaction and prob-
Kem-solving rather than violent confrontation. Therefore,
any number of player characters of any level of enlighten-
Mentmay take part. They may represent diverse Traditions,
though students of the Spheres of Time and Spirit are most
Appropriate.

This adventure expands on "All Hallow's Eve," the
scenario given in the back of the Mage rulebook, but differs
inseveral ways from the first story. If you have already run
FAll Hallow's Eve," you may wish to modify the details
Given in this book to conform to the original story. If not,
fin Loom of Fate as it stands, incorporating any elements
6 All Hallow's Eve" that you want.

Variations ona Theme

As Storyteller, you may use Loom of Fate in a number
of ways. First of all, this story could be told with no
modifications. The scenes included should provide enough
roleplaying, mystery and action to last several gaming
sessions. Second, you might modify the existing scenes or
add others to suit your troupe's style of play. If you feel
particularly ambitious, you could even change the setting
from San Francisco to elsewhere.

Loom of Fate could also become the first chapter in a
continuing chronicle. The Bay Area is integral to the
Technocracy's American operations, and warlike players
could wage a long and dangerous guerrilla campaign against
the Technomancers. Though this "Fighting the Technoc-
racy" concept seems the most obvious of many options,
other plot threads offer possibilities.

At this moment, several players are reading these
words; stop immediately or risk ruining your own enjoy-
ment. Storytellers — and we know who you are
(© Correspondence, *® *Mind) — please continue

Introduction 5


Background:
The Wyld Bound

In the beginning, there was a place of power: a hilly
headland where Gaia's children felt her pulse more strongly,
where gods walked among mortals, and where strange
entities were born. Undulating dunes near the western sea
held a powerful Node linking Earth to a Wylding Realm.
Though a few brave Dreamspeakers drew power from the
local pools of Quintessence, for the most part static reality
had yet to conquer this Wylderness. Dynamic magick held
sway.

Then one summer day a foreign ship dropped anchor
offshore. Pale men disembarked. They explored briefly
while repairing their ship and replenishing supplies, but
were driven off by wild beasts and an unstable reality.
Before sailing west, these explorers affixed a brass plaque to
a post near shore. Its inscription claimed the land for a
distant queen. Though Sir Francis Drake's claim was pre-
mature, that 17th day of June in 1579 foreshadowed
mankind's conquest over the Node.

The invasion evidently angered the spirits. A short
time after the pale men departed, a massive earthquake
shattered the area, creating what would later be called the
San Francisco Bay. Many native people died, and the
Uktena werewolves created a caern to guard a site where
they said a spirit called the Cataclysm slept restlessly.
Hereafter, there were only occasional tremors, and these
were accepted as the price the land demanded from the
mortals dwelling there.

Before Europeans arrived, Native Americans accepted
magick as a natural part of reality. They had only slightly
bound the Wylderness through the natural process of
human nature attempting to impose order and structure on
the unknowable. The Europeans, under the fledgling Tech-
nocracy, changed all that.

Technomancer scouts came with the first explorations
into the West, mapping Wyld magic out of the lands they
"discovered." They noted likely bases of operation as they
went, and San Francisco, with its harbor, mountains, stable
climate and powerful Node, seemed perfect. As the
Technomancers wove their spells of containment, the
Wylderness weakened. Around the mission of San Fran-
cisco de Asis, the Technomancers raised a city, which
suppressed and eventually smothered the Wylderness. The
Technocrats of San Francisco now control this dormant
Node, tapping its raw Quintessence.

Tocontain the spirits of the Wyld, the Progenitors and
Void Seekers (the old name for the Void Engineers) sum-
moned a powerful pattern spider named Cob, reinforcing it
with great power. Over the years, the Technomancers have
increased Cob's might with cybernetic enhancements,
Weaver spirit essence, and bio-restoratives. In return, Cob
has stabilized the region, allowing the Technomancers to

6 Loom of Fate

establish a brisk overseas trade, an international idea ex-
change, and several important laboratories.

The Wyld, however, will not be denied. Shifting chaos
strains against Cob's web, and some leaks through the
mesh. Wyld spirits tear at the strands of the web, and Cob:
and its fellow pattern spiders must repair this web daily.
This conflict is mirrored in the contrasting social orders of
the Bay area. On one hand, rich and conservative elements
struggle to control the city. On the other, San Francisco's
famous radical subcultures strive for ultimate freedom. The
Quintessence of the region feeds on this dichotomy and is
fed by it in return. The Bay area is neither dynamic nor
static, but a wildly shifting combination of both.

This Quintessence fluctuation further erodes Cob's
static structure. Constant struggle has weakened the pat-
tern spider. Periodic attacks upon Cob itself by Marauders
and Wyld spirits have hastened the process of inevitable
entropy. Eventually, Cob will lose its power and cease to
exist.

This decay was graphically demonstrated in 1906. On
April 18th, Cob lost cohesion. Wyld Things broke loose
from the web and raged across the Near Umbra. This Wyld
Quintessence manifested in the real world as earthquakes 7
and fire, and in the terror and confusion that followed.

By frantically manipulating symbols of order, such as
the city government, Technomancers restored order to San.
Francisco. They did not comprehend the magnitude of the
problem, however, instead assuming that mere lack of
vigilance had allowed the magick of the Node to escape.

Cob had, in fact, regained control only through sheer
will. Furthermore, the ‘Quake of 1989 and the tremor of
October 1993 prove that even Cob's will is insufficient.
The Wylderness threatens to break free, perhaps awaken-
ing the fabled spirit Cataclysm in the process, unless an
equally powerful pattern spider replaces Cob.

The Umbral struggle has attracted the attention of
many groups. Even the Technomancers have recently
become aware of the difficulties of Cob. Some mages wait
tosee what happens; others take advantage of the situation.

In one camp stands a Progenitor Chantry led by Dr.
Himiitsu of the U.C. Medical Center. Himiitsu plans to
transform Norna Weaver (an Orphan) intoa pattern spider
to replace Cob. Norna's powerful Avatar, great Destiny and
Orphan status make such a reincarnation possible. Directly
opposing this plan are a gang of nameless and faceless
Marauders. They have learned that Norna can potentially
imprison the Wylderness in a static net, giving the Pattern
a powerful new grip on the Bay Area. Only their alien
perceptions and lack of organization have prevented them
from eliminating her thus far.

The player characters will soon find themselves en-
tangled in this web of destiny. Their actions may tip the
balance for fate or free will. The most difficult factor of this
equation is understanding where free will ends and destiny
begins.


Wyld and Weaver

Mages understand that creation is an ongoing process,
measured in dynamic change and static stability. Both are
Mecessary elements of reality. Without change, there is no
advancement. Without stability, advancement loses mo-
fnentum and spirals into formless chaos, achieving nothing.
Many Tradition mages feel that Ascension lies between
these extremes. This line is a narrow one, and few agree on
Where it's drawn.

The Ascension War wages around that line. The

Technocracy would enforce stability by containing the
Wyld. The Marauders would rend that woven Pattern,
setting the Wyld free. Tradition mages know that either

Course threatens the tenuous hold that sustains human
Civilization. Loom of Fate draws the battle lines through
thecenter of San Francisco. Who knows which card Fate's
fickle hand holds for the city, or for the Sleepers within

Plot Threads

This section summarizes the chapters forming this
book and explains how they relate to the overall story. It
Outlines a probable course for the story and discusses key
tents that advance the plot. The plotline presented here
isnotthe only option, or even the best one for your troupe.

Feel free to modify, delete and add any scenes you feel
would contribute to a good story.

Note that the pacing of this story is very much left to
you. As presented, the story starts on October 31st; a
tempest rages through much of the story. Marauders at-
tack, and a Technomancer Symposium is held to decide
the Technocracy's course of action. These bits can be
molded to conform to the actions and desires of the
character:

A glance at the "Aftermath" of each scene reveals
how these story threads relate to one another. Each scene
suggests one (and usually more) possible continuations of
the story, beyond those the players choose for themselves.
Thus the plot, while nonlinear, is still structured. Remem-
ber that players tend to tread the unbeaten path; they may
surprise you with their goals and how they pursue them.
When possible, encourage their input and be prepared to
improvise scene

In the end, the outline below is simply a guideline, a
reference aid and a convenient means of explaining the
story. Once a Storyteller understands the basic plot, she
may more easily modify it and can always consult this
framework if things get confusing.

Note that the order of these scenes is nonsequential.
You may find yourself flipping back and forth through the

Introduction 7


book as the troupe follows various leads. Therefore, it helps
to familiarize yourself with the general layout.

The Basic Outline

Chapter One: Player-character mages travel to San
Francisco (if they were not there already) to participate in
a fortune-telling session. While on their way, they stumble
through a chaotic accident scene caused by the subcon-
scious magick of Norna Weaver and the imminent arrival
of a group of Marauders. The players discover that Norna is
wanted by the Technocracy. By helping her, the mages also
become targets. At the end of the scene, Madame Cleo
Verthank performs a Tarot reading that hints at a horrible
fate.

Chapter Two: Here, player mages must take the
initiative. After researching various topics, they discover
just enough of what is going on to pique their curiosity.
They discover that Norna Weaver is destined to become a
prominent mage, if properly molded. Mages who visit San
Francisco's Umbra may discover a number of significant
sites. Hints of a powerful, dormant Node provide prompt-
ing.

While delving into Norna's mundane life, the players
discover yet another layer of the plot to capture Norna:
both her parents have died at the hands of the Technoc-
racy. Later, Marauders attack, intenton eliminating Norna.

Chapter Three: Events begin to move more rapidly.
The Technocracy holds a Symposium wherein
Technomancers propose their plan to transform Norna
Weaver into a pattern spider. While the Technocracy
meets, Marauders attack and injure Cob, causing a minor
earthquake. At some point, Dr. Himiitsu contacts the
mages. By revealing his plans, he hopes to gain the charac-
ters' help...or at least set them up for an ambush.

Chapter Four: During the story's climax, characters
take the battle to the Technocracy's home turf. They
search for clues in Merika Seth's apartment or Dr. Himiitsu's
office at the U.C. Medical Center. Finally, they invade the
Technomancer Chantry known as GeneTech Lab, or even
Cob's lair in the Umbra.

Conclusion: Depending on the mages' action, the
story ends in one of two ways. Either they sacrifice Norna
for the greater Technocratic good, transforming her into a
pattern spider — or they protect Norna from her fate and
watch as...nothing happens. Though the mages have been
led to expect the worst, some hidden force keeps reality
from unraveling. A new clock, however, has begun to tick,
and the fate of San Francisco may not be denied a second
time.

8 Loom of Fate

The future is not set. There's no fate but what we make for
ourselves.

— Reese, The Terminator

Loom of Fate focuses on two major conflicts. The first
and most obvious is between static and dynamic forces,
represented by Cob and the Technomancers on one side,
and the Wylderness and Marauders on the other. But
beneath this surface tension lies a deeper conflict between
fate and free will. Which of these forces truly holds sway
over the World of Darkness?

Obviously, mages exert a tremendous control over
reality through magick and sheer will. They provide living
examples, then, that free will is the dominant force of the
universe. Yet rumor suggests that the Oracles of Time know
something about the eventual fate of all humanity, includ-
ing mages. How much free will does humanity have, then,
ifeven the weavers of the Tapestry dance on predetermined
threads?

Putting the question of mages aside, the same question
can be asked about the Sleepers. Do they control their lives,
orare they mere marionettes whose strings are manipulated
by Awakened puppeteers? If the latter is true, then mages
themselves have taken the roles of the Three Fates —
spooling out, weaving, and cutting the lifelines of lesser
mortals. The personal dilemma of Norna Weaver and the
tragic ends of her parents should cast a human light across
an abstract concept that players might otherwise choose to
ignore.

For both mundane and mage, this argument is sub-
sumed by the Nature versus Nurture debate. People like to
think that personality and choice determine their actions.
Yet some psychologists suggest that biological imperatives
such as self-preservation and sexual drives are stronger
subliminal motivations. Is reality, then, shaped by free will,
destiny, or some combination of the two? This story should
raise probing questions without supplying simple answers.

As a roleplaying story, Loom of Fate takes a stand on
this issue by default. It presents free will as stronger than
fate. Though the story taunts players into seeing destiny
everywhere, their decisions do make a difference. At the
end, they must ultimately choose between sacrificing Norna
Weaver and helping to change her "fate."

As Storyteller, your goal is to goad player mages into
believing in predestination while also allowing their choices
to affect the story — a daunting challenge indeed! The
story itself presents some ways to accomplish this; other
hints follow in "Guidelines For Nonlinear Stories," given
below.

One possible method would be the rigorous enforce-
ment of roleplaying that conforms to Nature and Essence;
this will give the impression that a character's actions are
out of that player's hands. While this might underline the
point of the story, it might also anger your players.


Another tactic could be "coincidental" prods that spur
thecharacters along a certain path. Are these events true
Biiidences, or is there a stronger hand (other than that

Noithe Storyteller) guiding these events?

Whatever you do, do not force the players along too
Many routes that they would not have otherwise chosen.
Bisirplayers feel the pull ofdestiny whileallowingthem
f make their own decisions. Players who feel like rats
Pished through a maze will just get upset.

‘A note about searching for someone through Corre-
spondence or Mind magick: the searcher must still know
just whom he seeks! The ability to extend one's percep-
ites not give a mage the ability to locate anyone
instantly. A similar rule applies to Correspondence travel.
The mage must still know exactly where she is going. A
Mistake (i.e., a failed roll) could have disastrous conse-
uences. Difficulties for Co-locating or Mind-sensing should
Hehigh (8 or 9) in a large city.

hile on the subject of theme, it might be helpful to
Mili the meaning of this story's title. It refers to the work
Cob, and by extension, all of San Francisco. Cob weaves

) the local pattern web, and with it the fates of all who live
in San Francisco. The city has its own character, which
influences its inhabitants as much as they create it. This
gve-and-take is known by some as the "resonance" effect.

S Both Cob and the city's mortal inhabitants weave the

Loom of Fate together, though few, if any, ever realize this.
Your cabal can explore the theme of the story through this
metaphor.

Mood

Your cries of agony, where will they not reach?

Where on Citaeron will they not re-echo?

No man living

Will meet a doom more terrible than yours

— Sophocles, Oedipus Rex

For the most part, the Storyteller should maintain a
mood of tragedy — tragedy in the classical sense rather
than the popular conception. The usual connotation of
tragedy is simple sadness and loss. The classical definition
of tragedy, however, is a character's inevitable downfall
caused by a personal shortcoming — a "fatal flaw."

Whose fatal flaw shapes the fate of Norna Weaver? Is
it the hubris of the Technocracy and Marauders? Could it
be the player characters, crossing the paths that destiny has
laid and possibly interfering in the process by their actions?
Oris the flaw within Norna herself, as she flees or embraces
a seemingly predetermined end?

Two ways to highlight this tragic end are foreshadow-
ing and suspense. Chapter Three of Mage presents some
thoughts on foreshadowing. Suspense can fall into two
categories. The first type provokes intellectual curiosity.

we
eee

Introduction 9


Madame Cleo's fortune-telling hints at future events and
hopefully makes players anxious. The second type prompts
emotional involvement through feelings of imminent dan-
ger. Loom of Fate as a whole hints at the destruction of San
Francisco. Stress this terrible fate to keep your players
moving.

Norna Weaver is very much aware of her impending
fate; her Demeanor reflects this. During the story's course,
the player-character mag e that their own futures
hold many unpleasant experien

Guidelines for
Nonlinear Plots

Time is a train
Makes the future the past
Leaves you standing in the station

s re:

Your face pressed up against the glass.

— U2, "Zoo Station"

Many of the events in Loom of Fate hinge upon
whether or not Norna Weaver is captured by the Technoc-
racy, and, if she is, where and when. Rather than assuming
she will be grabbed regardless of the players' actions, we
have presented a variety of options for the Storyteller to
pursue, with contingencies for many different circum-
stances. This section discusses three methods for promoting
nonlinear plots in this and other stories.

Many published stories seem too linear. Others are so
vague that the need for Storyteller preparation defeats the
purpose of a "store-bought" story. The paradox is this: more
detailed plots are easy to follow and require little work to
prepare, but often restrict player options; on the other
hand, plot outlines offer guidelines for many contingen-
cies, but require much preparation or improvisation froma
Storyteller.

of settings and options for the players to explore. This way,
you may guide the story immediately or expand it as desired.
Many of the scenes in this book will not apply to your tale;
they are provided as options to follow or ignore depending
‘on your group's course of action.

Loom of Fate follows a third route, presenting a variety

Experience has shown that most games take odd turns
during play. The following guidelines should help make the
Storyteller's life a little easier.

The first method of promoting nonlinear stories —
one used in this book — is for the plot to provide multiple
exits from each scene. Imagine a fork in the road. Just asa
traveler chooses her path, player characters can decide
which of the many plot threads to follow. This method is
crude but easy to prepare. For instance, if your mages
investigate a crime scene, plant five or six clues. They may
overlook some or fail to realize the significance of others,
but the remaining clues will present further avenues of


avestigation. When improvising such choices, avoid yes/
To options; a "no" usually spells an end to the story.
For a second method, simply allow players to follow
their fancies off on some weird tangent. Even if these
derings lead nowhere, indulge them fora while. Avoid
ing "Don't bother breaking into Dr. Himiitsu's home;
vou find no clues there." Instead, improvise the scene.
evil players worry about missing important (though
imaginary) clues, but they could influence the story in
remarkable ways. What if Dr. Himiitsu discovers them
g though his personal papers? Does he call the police,
take care of them with magick, or try to recruit them? Your
cabal will decide!
If you are not confident with improvisation, relocate
important information or change an entire scene. For

instance, one scene is set in Lincoln Cemetery; if the mages
investigate another graveyard, you might use that one
instead.

This brings us to a final point. "Linear" does not
necessarily refer to set locations and predetermined events.
Rather, it means allowing players' actions to affect the plot
in a single given direction. Loom of Fate may be run in a
linear fashion if the Storyteller desires. If the players miss
an event, take this into account and continue down your
predetermined course. Perhaps they hear about the event
later, or see its effects. If they miss something integral to the
story, integrate it later. Or don't. Characters can and
should fail occasionally, although their failures should
mean something to the chronicle. By the same token,
reward success. Player characters are the story's protago-
nists; their choices should make a difference.

Introduction 11



Chapter One:
All

ollow's

Why, all the Saints and Sages who discus
Of the Two Worlds so learnedly, are thrust
like Foolish Prophets forth; their words to scom

Are scatter'd, and their Mouths are stopp'd with dust
— The Rubdiyat of Omar Khayyém, verse XXIX

This chapter introduces a number of plot threads.
While seemingly separate, all of these threads juxtapose by
the story's conclusion.

By means of a mysterious business card (and perhaps
other strange occurrences), the player mages are drawn to
San Francisco. There, several bizarre encounters — the
least of which is a chaotic traffic accident — suggest that
trouble is brewing. The most obvious cause of this trouble
isa girl named Norna Weaver, who exudes magickal

power. Spurred by curiosity, the mages pursue Norna, either
to chastise her for misuse of magick or to see that she is safe.
The characters discover that she is an Orphan, unaware of
her power's true nature. Furthermore, she is hunted by
mysterious Men in Black and haunted by visions of a
horrible fate

This fate, unfortunately, also seems to include the
player-character mages — at least, if one believes the
readings of a fortuneteller!

Chapter One 13


¢] No matter where they live, despite any Ar-
cane they maintain, all the mages somehow
acquire parchment-colored business cards:
Written on the reverse of each card, in
cramped calligraphy, is the message, "I shall
see you at dusk, on All Hallow's Eve." Hope-
fully, the very nature of this invitation
prompts mages to visit San Francisco, if they do not already
live there. Additional motivation depends upon character
personality and your chronicle style; perhaps they intend to
prove Madame Cleo a charlatan, or know her to be a true
mage and seek advice.

If this is not enough, bait other hooks. Over the next
couple of months, introduce other reasons to visit San
Francisco. Some examples:

© Those who maintain a facade of normalcy might
have to visit a sick relative or take a business trip.

* One character might be lucky enough to win a trip
for two (or more) to "exotic San Francisco, gateway to the
Orient!"

¢ A Disciple of Time feels a sense of foreboding
emanating from the West Coast.

Asa last resort, a patron or Mentor asks them to "go
west, young mage." He may have a legitimate reason or
simply feel that such a trip would be for the best...

Coincidence? Not in the World of Darkness. Tempt
players into this story, but try not to railroad them.

Besides these key developments, player mages may
pursue a number of other subplots. The impending acci-
dent allows them to explore their feelings toward Sleepers
(i.e., are they worth saving?) and perhaps begin a pattern of
either static or dynamic magick-use. Rescue attempts may
make them heroes.

Setting

I can see lights in the distance

Trembling in the dark cloak of night

Candles and lanterns are dancing, dancing

A waltz on All Souls Night.

— Loreena McKennitt, "All Souls Night"

This scene begins wherever you have set your chronicle.
If the characters do not already dwell in San Francisco,
travel there might be accomplished via magickal
teleportation (Correspondence 3 or 4) or more mundane
means. If the latter, you might do some research or calcu-
lation — cost of airfare, mileage on highways, length of the
trip in hours, etc. — to add realism. You could even make
the travelogue a scene unto itself.

14 Loom of Fate

MADAME CLEO VERTHANK
Old World Oracle
* Fortunes Told
* Fates Revealed
* The Gift Deck Is Never Wrong
Tempest's Eye
Hyde Street Pier
San Francisco

No Telephone

On the evening of October 31st, mages cross down-
town San Francisco on their way to meet the mysterious
fortuneteller, Madame Cleo. Remnants of evening fog roll
through the concrete valleys below Nob Hill. While trav-
eling north on Taylor, they pass the aluminum-paneled
Hilton Hotel, apartments in Classical and Revivalist styles,
and Victorian townhouses framed by wrought-iron tracery.
Some of the smaller buildings, such as clubs and theaters,
boast Spanish-style roofs or architectural spillover from
nearby Chinatown.

The streets are full on All Hallows Eve. Children
disguised as monsters and Ninja Turtles roam the sidewalks
playing trick-or-treat. Concerned parents hover nearby.
The Wyld seethes beneath the mild facade of order. Here,
two punks fight over the right to smash a jack-o-lantern;
there a leper seeking spare change first begs, then assaults
a hippie. The street scene overloads all five senses: dense
but speeding traffic; honking horns and squealing tires; the
thick taste of vehicle exhaust; a feeling of claustrophobia.
Characters may hear the following message from a nearby
TV or radio.

"...no comment. Now lets check in with Merika Seth,
reporting live from Taylor and California. Merika?"

"Thanks, Bob. From this vantage, I suggest all you listen-
ers avoid the downtown entirely. Even the normally clear
Taylor Street is crammed with vehicles spilling over from the
gridlock on Grant Avenue. The traffic situation is partially due
to a final surge of rush-hour traffic and crowds of trick-or-
treaters. But mostly we can blame this afternoon's World Series
win by our Giants over the Oakland A's. I think everyone agrees
that the exciting result of this six-game series was well worth its
delay.

"And those quakes which damaged the two stadiums earlier
this month are all the excitement Mother Nature's given us. This
last day of October ends with the average temperature of 61
degrees Fahrenheit. For tomorrow, I predict more exciting
weather — thunderstorms and lots of rain for the first week of
November."

The first newscaster, Bob, cuts back in. "And we all
SaiowMerika' s forecasts have never been wrong. That's Weather
d Traffic, here on KWLF. Next.

Characters reach the intersection of Taylor and Cali-

Omia in time to see the weather lady wrapping up her

r runs slowly east, up Nob

pulled by its end ble. Amid apartments and

hotels towers Grace Cathedral, its strange architectural

Hayle best described as "Gothic in Reinforced Concrete." Its
Mose windows illuminate the dusk.

Drama: The Accident

Ascharacters approach the intersection of Taylor and
Cilifornia, reality begins to unravel. Each character must
oll Perception + Alertness (difficulty 4) and consult the
llowing table:

During this initial event, chaos continues to escalate.
Make this accident worthy of a high-budget action movie
= thatis, totally unrealistic. When players roll, introduce
"complications on results of only one or two successes.

Botch: The mage's mind is elsewhere, but she is
jarred back to reality by impact with a car. She does
not gain the benefit of a dodge roll, but can still roll
for soak (see details in main text). A more alert
companion could possibly push her out of the way or
affect the car via magick.

Failure: Same as above, but she may still make a
last-minute dodge (difficulty 8).

One success: She sees nothing but the obvious
—that described above. She may also dodge the car
hurtling toward her (difficulty 7)

Two successes: The character notices a Honda
Prelude swerve toward her and may dodge (difficulty
6).

Three successes: The oncoming Honda swerves
to avoid a girl (Norna Weaver) who hopped off a
cable car in the middle of traffic. The character may
dodge (difficulty 5).

Four successes: All traffic signals at the intersec-
tion show green or "walk." A character with at least
one Sphere in Entropy realizes the malfunctioning
signals and brake failures are caused by magick —
Entropy magick emanating from Norna Weaver.
The character may dodge the approaching car (dif-
ficulty 4).

Five successes: A character with Entropy 2+ is
soalert she can attempt to minimize the randomness
and bring chance back into balance. Otherwise, she
may dodge (difficulty 3).

To dodge, roll Dexterity + Dodge (or Dexterity
+Drive ifin a vehicle). Each success reduces damage
by one Health Level; zero damage indicates com-
plete safety. Base damage from a collision is one
Health Level for each 10 mph of the offending
vehicle (assume a40 mph speed limit). Seat belts add
three dice when soaking impact damage.

fey S hts

Chapter One 15


Perhaps the driver swerved to avoid the Honda, only to
bear down on Norna Weaver... and the car's brakes fail!
Meanwhile, the Honda strikes Merika Seth (the radio
reporter). Vehicles and pedestrians tragically mingle. A
petroleum truck skids into two streetlamps near Hunting-
ton Cemetery, and sparks threaten to ignite the fuel. Norna
reels in horror at the chaos that she has inadvertently
caused, and flees the scene, dodging around a corner and
disappearing from view.

Right-thinking mages can prevent many fatalities.
Players will undoubtedly imagine magickal effects to save
themselves and others. Disciples of Correspondence might
augment dodge rolls with coincidental magick; each suc-
cess reduces damage by one level. They might also use
vulgar magick (Sphere 3) to teleport out of the
magick can siphon a car's kinetic energy (Sphere Rank

vay. Forces

Four; three successes), while Matter magick can reduce a
car's mass.

The Marauders Ride!

Just as the mages gain control of the situation (assum-
ing that they do!), introduce this final element. Mages with
Rank Twoor higher in the Spirit Sphere feel as though they
are being watched. Mages with a Perception + Alertness

Dice Pool of five or more dice automatically sense the bass
rumble of idling engines. Give alert characters a few sec-
onds to ready themselves. Suddenly, everyone hears the

16 Loom of Fate

roar of motorcycles, and a dozen cyclists zoom from amidst
the wreckage, bearing nightmarish riders — Marauders!
They fly across sidewalks, scattering children and rubber
necks as they circle in search of Norna Weaver. The
presence of so many mages baffles the Marauders' magick-
sense. One Marauder rides up to the character with the
greatest Avatar rating and just sits there, staring througha
blank, dented visor.

Characters might take this opportunity to evaluate
their opponents. A mage with Awareness 3+ might try t0
read auras (Perception + Awareness; difficulty 9); any
successes send his mind reeling with alien thoughts and
lunatic emotions. The ensuing psychic headache adds one
to the difficulties of all Mental rolls until eight hours of

sleep have passed. An Intelligence + Cosmology (or Dream)

roll (difficulty 6), will identify these cyclists. One success
supplies the name "Marauder"; further successes provide
additional details (see p. 34 of Mage: The Ascension).

The staring Marauder finally realizes this mage is not
Norna. He suddenly breaks off and rejoins the gang. After
circling the intersection a few times, the cyclists scatterto
the four winds from this intersection. They easily lose
pursuers (by slipping through space and spirit).

After the accident, a mage, possibly one with the
Influence Background, finds herself interviewed by Merika
Seth for KWLF. (Intelligence + Alertness (difficulty 7)
allows the mage to note that the radio reporter seems quite


fealthy despite her apparent "incident"; the Honda, how-
Wer, sports a nasty dent.) Questions may include: "Your
sir?"; "And your occupation?"; "By what chance did

ifind yourself here, at California and Taylor?"; "Did you
‘what caused the accident?"; and perhaps, "What made
risk your own life to save another?" The odd tone of her
may make the characters suspicious, as well they

Unless characters swiftly flee the scene, the police will
jin them as witnesses.

Aftermath

Although characters may pursue a number of options
from here (including a visit to the hospital), they will
probably pursue Norna Weaver. If they don't, prompt them
with an Intelligence + Intuition roll (difficulty 6). This
leads to Scene Two.

Other options include:

© Continuing on to meet with Madame Cleo. See
Scene Three.

Hanging around the accident site in search of further
clues. This leads to Scene Six.

© Following Merika Seth to determine how she sur-
vived her "near hit" with an automobile. Refer to Scene
Thirteen.


Scene Two: Daughter of Time

Norna has been troubled of late by a nagging
feeling of doom. Her foreboding quickly sur-
passed normal adolescent angst, finally
-| becoming a full-blown panic. She needed to
talk to someone, and soon, to reassure herself.
that she was still sane.

But where could she go? She had few acquaintances
and no real

friends. Then she had remembered Reverend Will-
iams of Grace Cathedral. Though Norna herself had not
been to service in years, her mother had remained faithful.
The reverend had even visited the house once or twice.
Reverend Williams was the only one she could trust — he
would listen; he would help. This sudden, powerful com-
pulsion to speak to Reverend Williams drew her to the
cathedral.

Traveling across town, Norna felt eyes watching her.
She sidetracked frequently, but the farther she walked, the
more frightened and frantic she became — as if she were
not fleeing from something, but toward it. She hopped a
cable car for the last dozen blocks. She almost laughed with
relief when Grace Cathedral loomed into view...and then
she saw the black Cadillac following her cable car — a
nightmare icon brought to life through her fears.

Tempting fate, she jumped from the moving cable car
and ran through traffic. Her subconscious reacted, spewing
magick in a desperate attempt to create a diversion. Anda
diversion was sorely needed. The Men in Black were
following her; the Marauders were watching her; the player
mages almost ran into her; and all the while, someone has
been waiting for her — someone in a position of trust...

This is where the mages become involved. To follow
Norna Weaver from the accident scene, mages must make
extended Perception + Investigation rolls (difficulty 7),
accumulating five successes. Crashing vehicles, Marauders
and media coverage may complicate the chase (see Scene
One). Norna, meanwhile, takes refuge in Grace Cathedral.

Reverend Williams is a secret agent of the Technoc-
racy. Like many Technomancers in San Francisco, he has
received orders to abduct Norna Weaver. If necessary, he
calls upon "Spirits of Heaven" (pattern spiders) or Men in
Black — to aid him.

Setting
Grace Cathedral is an impressive blend of tradition
and modernity. The gilded bronze doors on its east en-
trance were taken from casts of Ghiberti's Gates of Paradise
on the baptistery in Florence. One portal lies ajar, indicat-

18 Loom of Fate

ing that Norna threw it open. Once players step inside,
cavernous emptiness swallows the clamor of city streets.

Tiers of stained glass extend along the cathedral's
length, rising to the roof groins. High above the hanging
chandeliers, fan vaults support the ceiling like Masonic
spiderwebs. Mages who make a Perception + Awareness
roll (difficulty 7) feel uneasy — and well they should, for
the bishop of the diocese, Reverend John Williams, has
defected to the Technocracy.

At first, the cathedral seems deserted. Empty pews
stand in orderly rows. An organ boasting 7000 pipes lies
silent in its balcony. No priest is in sight. A dancing
luminescence draws vision to the apse, where thousands of
candles flicker from niches and candelabras, and a dozen
hanging braziers defuse incense. Celestial Chorus mages
realize these trappings are part of a ceremony to ward off
spirits. Other mages may learn this by means of Rank One
Spirit magick or a roll of Intelligence + Occult (difficulty
6; three successes).

In the World of Darkness, the Gauntlet weakens on
All Hallow's Eve, allowing spirits to manifest more easily.
Halloween costumes, jack-o-lanterns, and gifts of food
descend from magick practiced during the Mythic Age to
frighten off or appease these spirits.

The player characters hear voices nearby. A Percep
tion + Alertness roll (difficulty 4) or a thorough search of
the cathedral leads to a pilgrimage choir behind the apse.
The voices — one male, one female — issue froma
confessional.

The Judas Goat

Norna and Reverend Williams sit in the confessional,
separated by a partition. Their discussion is outlined below,
How much characters hear depends on when they arrive
and how long they eavesdrop (perhaps requiring a Dexter
ity + Stealth roll; difficulty 5). Give the characters the
benefit of the doubt — Williams has taken his time to gaift
Norna's trust and has no reason to expect visitors.

"T think that I'm going crazy, Father," says Norna. T
can't breathe. I feel like I'm suffocating...it's like some
thing gigantic is weighing down on me

Reverend Williams cuts in: "You're just going through

normal teenage difficulties. | see many young people liké
you, tormented by feelings of doom. I think that it comes)
from our society, the way we have been raised to believé
that the end is just around the corner. Relax, Norna;allof
this will pass."

Again, Norna is quiet, as if debating her next words)
Then she blurts out, "It goes a lot further than that, Father
Williams! Today I imagined my mother dead, and I
worried..."


"['m sure that this is nothing, Norna, nothing to be
worried about at all." Williams finishes by reassuring Norna
that her mother is safe, but very likely worried. He says he
will go telephone her.

In fact, Reverend Williams is leaving to call Dr.
Himiitsu at the U.C. Medical Center (tracing this call
tequires a Correspondence 2, Forces 1 magick roll; diffi-
tulty 5, three successes needed). While Williams is gone,
the mages can talk with Norna.

She speaks only to those who pique her curiosity
(Appearance + Leadership, difficulty 5, two successes).
hose who fail receive a sarcastic response: "I saw you
arrive," she says through the confessional door. "Don't talk
tome. The longer you remain near me, the more you're
certain to lose." Norna vaguely remembers the mages from
avision — one that ends in suffering. She is uncertain if
they will help or hurt her.

Total acceptance will take time and extended Cha-
tima + Expression rolls (difficulty 6, 10 suc eded;
each roll simulates two minutes of talk). Mages sharing
similar philosophies face less difficulty; refer to the Hollow
Ones Tradition in Chapter Six of Mage. Those faring
poorly quickly realize it, as Norna subconsciously employs
magick. Watches and other mechanical trappings break
own, clothing rots, and people suffer the effects of Delion's
Haze (Entropy 2, Time 3). Even if Norna befriends the
images, she is unlikely to leave the cathedral quite yet

Reverend Williams returns at a dramatically appropri-
ate moment. He greets strangers with cautious curiosity,
Baintaining a facade of respectability for as long as pos-
sible. Taking Norna aside, Williams explains that her
mother is fine; nothing has happened to her. In fact, she is
driving over right away to pick her up.

At this Norna blanches. "But our car is in the shop!"
she blurts. The good reverend tries to cover for his mistake,
but it becomes increasingly difficult for him to keep Norna
in the cathedral, especially if players take advantage of his
faux pas. The difficulty of the above Charisma + Expression
toll lowers to 3! If ten successes are gained, Norna follows
the mages' advice.

If confronted with violence or the possibility that
Norma will slip from his grasp, Williams undergoes a sud-
den, vicious transformation. His pleasant face contorts
With rage and he leaps atop the altar. Losing his temper and
civilized demeanor, he shouts, "How dare you profane the
House of my Lord and Master? For this, He will bind you in
ternal fetters and drain your very essence! Then you will
beg for forgiveness and release. May Cob have mercy upon
you!"

Drama

With these final words, Reverend Williams throws up
hisarms and looks to the vaults. (A Perception + Alertness
roll, difficulty 6, allows the characters to notice that as the
sleeves of Williams' robes slip down his arms, tufts of rigid

Chapter One 19


black hair are visible.) His eyes glaze over as he shifts his
perceptions to the Near Umbra and calls upon agents of his
master, Cob.

Three pattern spiders hear the summoning and imme-
diately attack. During the spiritual assault (which characters
cannotsee unless they peer into the Umbra), Williams tries
to escape with Norna. In the unlikely event that all player
mages are immobilized, Williams snatches Norna and takes
off in his "company car," a green Volvo. As soon as the
characters gain the upper hand, four Men in Black arrive.

Characters hear loud but distant footsteps echoing
from the front of the nave. Turning around, they see four
men, dressed in black, standing no more than a yard away.
The Men wear mirrorshades, black suits with crisp white
shirts, fedoras, and raincoats.

One Man in Black flashes a badge (a Wits + Law roll,
difficulty 6, allows a mage to realize that it is fake) and
"requests" that the mages leave. Though the Men in Black
will make veiled threats, they do not attack unless the
players initiate combat. At that point, they simply draw
and fire their pistols, never seeking cover and never regis-
tering pain. During the confrontation, Reverend Williams
tries to grab Norna. She does not go willingly and may
escape at the Storyteller's discretion.

If characters overpower the Men in Black, the crea-
tures disintegrate before the mages can question them.
Their clothes contain no IDs or personal effects, save one;

a neatly folded sheet of foolscap reading: "752 Ashbury
Street, (415) 555-1357" (this is Norna's home number).
If the player mages and Reverend Williams' minions
are evenly matched, Norna will slip out during the confron-
tation, frightened by everyone's unhealthy interest in her.

20 Loom of Fate

If the pattern spiders and Men in Black are clearly losing,
Reverend Williams will escape and pursue Norna.

Aftermath

If Norna escapes the reverend's clutches, she may meet
up with the players outside the cathedral after the fight, or
simply disappear into the night, depending on the direc-
tion that the Storyteller wants the adventure to take. In any
event, she may later be found at her father's grave (Scene
Seven).

The mages have stumbled upon an intriguing plot. If
they choose to keep their appointment with Madame Cleo,
see Scene Three. If Norna is still with them, she will want
to go. If Norna is abducted, persistent mages may follow up
ona number of leads:

© If they befriend Norna, a visit to her home may be in
order. Norna eventually takes comfort in a group of protec-
tors. Even without Norna's guidance, the characters could
arrive at the Weaver household by means of the address
found ona Man in Black. In either case, refer to Scene Six.

© If Reverend Williams abducts Norna, the mages
might still give chase. Depending on the level of subtlety,
use Shadowing or Stunt Driving rules. Dense traffic, fog,
and approaching darkness make pursuit problematic (diffi-
culty 8). Williams' destination— the U.C. Medical Center
— lies between five and 15 minutes distant, depending on
his haste. As a last resort, a Rank Three Correspondence
effect could locate Norna after a 24-hour search through
All-Space. The U.C. Medical Center is described in Scene
Fourteen; the secret Progenitor lab is described in Scene
Fifteen.

© Scene Four covers a plethora of general inquiries,
from the identities of Men in Black to the importance of
Norna Weaver.


Scene Three: Between Decks

Plot

Madame Cleo Verthank, the fortuneteller
whose invitation began this story, is in fact a
true mage. A Master of Time, she has fore-
y seen certain elements of the characters' fate
| and warns them by means of a Tarot-like
reading. Though she will refuse to alter the
fate of the city by direct intervention, she

AN

continue to provide vague and subtle guidance through-
it the chronicle.

Setting

By now, the first few stars have appeared in the dark-
ening sky. They soon disappear as characters descend
though the bank of fog concealing the wharf. The smells of
"salt and fish permeate the air.

On their way to Hyde Street Pier, mages pass galleries,
‘landscaped plazas, seafood restaurants and abandoned ware-
"houses. The entire district flourishes beneath the hedge of
skyscrapers that keeps San Francisco from spilling into the

Bay.

The pier itself is a western extension of Fisherman's
Wharf, bracketed between Aquatic Park and the
Embarcadero Freeway. Out on the bay, dozens of campfires
blaze on Alcatraz Island. The Tempest's Eye, a 19th-
century whaler, is moored on the wharf. It is an eccentric
sight; multicolored flags and strings of Christmas lighting
decorate its blunt simplicity. It floats peacefully in the dark
waters, silent save for the snapping of a poorly lashed sail
and the tinkling of bulbs. A sloping gangplank sags be-
tween wharf and deck.

The upper deck is flat and bare save for six overturned
rowboats and a hatch leading belowdecks. The hatchway is
pitch black. A light source is needed to navigate the narrow
stairs safely. The last person down hears a shrill voice ask,
"You will close the hatch, will you not?" Other characters
hear only the squeaks and pattering of rats.

The stairs lead to a partial cabin, separate from the
hold. It is crammed full of occult paraphernalia, old sea
chests, fishing gear, bowls of rotting fruit, and other junk.
Ina relatively clear space sits an oak table, surrounded by
chairs. There is one chair more than the total number of
characters present, including Norna, but the cabin is oth-
erwise empty. After the characters poke about for a few
minutes, Madame Cleo emerges from the shadows, shad-
ows that were empty but a moment earlier.

The Fortuneteller

Madame Cleo introduces herself and, before the char-
acters can reply, introduces them as well! She says each
name, followed by a brief catch phrase ("And you are
Maggie Wrathward, nurse during light, insatiable succubus
by night. Fortunate for you that burning at the stake is no
longer fashionable!"). Only mages with strong Arcane
ratings (4 or 5) can stump her.

Pushing aside a cracked crystal ball and a vase of dying
poppies, Madame Cleo sits at the table and invites her
guests to do likewise. She explains why she has invited
them here: "Quite simply, I have seen something of your
fates..." If Norna is present, Madame Cleo raises her
eyebrows and says, "You, my dear, look forward to — and
avert your eyes from — the future. Is that not right?"

Then she begins the card-reading, a convenient for-
mat for coincidental Time magick. Guidelines for this
event are found in Appendix Two. As she reads, Madame
Cleo passes each mage the card that she has drawn for him.
As explained in Appendix Two, these cards are minor
Talismans. When the reading is over, Madame Cleo cack-
les knowingly. "Fate or free will?" she asks. "Which is it,
truly, that lays the Path?" So saying, the mystic fades away,
taking her deck with her but leaving the gift cards behind.

After their meeting with Madame Cleo, characters
climb abovedecks and open the hatch to a torrent of rain.
Though stormclouds darken the sky, it is clearly day. Time
has indeed flown; so quickly, in fact, that an hour has passed
for every minute spent with the fortune-teller!

Aftermath

The recent card-reading may disturb some characters.
These mages might look into the various permutations and
possibilities of their fates. This is covered in Scene Four.

Here are other possible story paths:

© They could returning to the accident site that began
this story; see Scene Six.

¢ If Norna Weaver still accompanies them — or if they
have an address to follow up on — the characters may visit
752 Ashbury Street; this leads to Scene Seven.

© The mages may remember Merika Seth's incredible
survival during the traffic accident. Should they follow this
lead, refer to Scene Thirteen.

Chapter One 21


Chapter Two:

iscerning a
Pattern

Myself when young did eagerly frequent

Doctor and Saint, and heard great argument,

About it and about: but evermore

Came out by the same door as I went in

— The Rubdiyat of Omar Khayyém, verse XXX

Theactions the mages take hereafter depend on Norna's
fitein the cathedral. Did she escape? Was she taken? Is she
with the characters? Norna will stick with the characters if

they have thus far protected her from Reverend Williams,
butshe hasa mind of her own. She voices her opinion about
any subject that concerns her. If characters fail to act in
Noma's best interest, she will leave them.

This chapter gives a variety of options for the charac-
fers to pursue. By now, the characters are probably dying to
Know what is going on. Many paths of inquiry may be
followed. For answers, they can interview contacts, per-
form research, or comb the Near Umbra.

Meanwhile, events continue behind the scenes. One
senario has Norna still on the loose, rescued by the
characters or on her own. Dr. Himiitsu, the Progenitor
seeking Norna, considers these new variables before formu-

ating another plan. He instructs his agents to shadow the

mages (and Norna, if she is on her own). They must watch
and wait, but not act — not yet...

A second scenario sees Norna abducted. The
Technomancers hold her in their secret lab beneath the
U.C. Medical Center. While Dr. Himitsu awaits the
upcoming Symposium for approval, Norna's magick pro-

vides clues to her whereabouts (see "Norna" in Scene Four
for details).

Scene Four presents a number of leads for curious
characters to follow. If the players travel into the Near
Umbra, Scene Five covers pertinent details. Scene Six
describes the Weaver house. If the characters visit, with or
without Norna, they will encounter some unpleasant sur-
prises. In Scene Seven, Norna visits her father's grave. If
the players have lost her, they will find her here. In Scene
Eight, the gang of Marauders battles the player characters.

Chapter Two 23

Scene Four:
Lines of Investigation

This is not a regular scene. Rather, it com-
piles topics that mages may investigate over
the course of the story. Depending on your
chronicle style, you might improvise a num-
ber of mini-scenes to roleplay in full. For
instance, a Dreamspeaker who contacts her
Mentor should probably roleplay her requests
(and roll Manipulation + Mentor to deter-
mine how much help he provides).

Lines of investigation are broken into subtopics.

Talking to Norna

If mages gain Norna's trust, she clears up a few myster-
ies. For the extent of her knowledge, see Norna's character
descriptionsand parts of the Plot section in Scene Two.
Characters who spend time with Norna may see through
her Demeanor. A Perception + Subterfuge roll (difficulty
6) reveals that Norna needs an authority figure in her
life...and also a friend.

Mages may wish to tap Norna's divining ability. Un-
fortunately, it works most freely during times of stress (e.g.,

just before an ambush). Sometimes, however, visions ap-
pear via dreams. Each night, roll her Wits + Meditation
(difficulty 8); two successes allow her to make a Time
magick effect roll. Norna remembers these bouts of pre- —
or post- — cognition upon waking.

Mystic Individuals

The first few scenes introduced Marauders and Men in
Black. Mages who have never before encountered them
may wish to learn more. An Intelligence + Research roll
(difficulty 7) made at a mystic library or Chantry garners
the information found in the Mage rulebook (pgs. 34 and
50; 47 and bits of 282). The number of successes indicates
the amount and accuracy of this information. Those lack-
ing such facilities can instead roll Intelligence + Dream (to
research Men in Black) or Intelligence + Cosmology (for
Marauders). Remember to account for the Men in Black's
Arcane rating by subtracting three dice.

Other subjects include:

© Norna Weaver: This requires that a mage search
through public records. An Intelligence + Influence roll
(difficulty 6) gains access to the mundane details of Norna's
life — birth certificate, home address (see Scene Seven),
school record and so forth. In effect, paraphrase some of the
information found under Norna's description (Scene Two).
The researcher also finds the death certificate of Norna's
father and records of his burial in Lincoln Cemetery (Scene
Eight).

24 Loom of Fate

bo ics

Norna might be loose in San Francisco. A Perception
+ Streetwise roll (difficulty 9) or Correspondence magick
could track her down, possibly just before Men in Black or
Marauders show up. See Scenes Seven and Eight for Norna's
likely hangouts.

Ifshe has been abducted, only Rank Three Correspon-
dence, a full-length investigation (the substance of this
story), or pure coincidence will locate her. She is being held
in a secret lab beneath the U.C. Medical Center (as
described in Scenes Fourteen and Fifteen). One clue to her
whereabouts is a news report about a serious blackout that
strikes the Medical Center within an hour of her disappear- |
ance.

* Cob: Reverend Williams calls upon Cob when
angry. This name comes up again and again throughout this
story. Ifa mage wonders who Cob is, have her roll Intelli-
gence + Cosmology (difficulty 6). Alternately, she can
interview a spirit, in which case the roll becomes Manipu-
lation + Awareness (difficulty 6). In either event, consult
the table below.

© Technomancer Presence: Plans of the
Technomancers should not be shared lightly. Only if your
chronicle is one of espionage — where infiltrating the
Technocracy iscommon— should you provide this avenue

Botch: The mage gleans false information, spe-
cifically: Cob is a powerful warlock of the Verbena
Tradition. He often takes the form of a swan, stout
horse or ear of corn.

Failure: She has never heard the word "Cob."

One Success: "Cob" sounds familiar. Though
uncertain about its exact reference, she relates it to
spirits.

Two Successes: Cob isa pattern spider residing in
the Near Umbra corresponding to San Francisco.
Characters who want more information must step
sideways; see Scene Six.

Three Successes: Cob is the tremendously power
ful pattern spider that rules San Francisco. This
Umbrood actually built the city through its spiritual
reflection. The mage knows the general location of
Cob's lair (as detailed in Scene Sixteen).

Four Successes: Cob is more than a pattern spi-
der; it is said to be the spiritual manifestation of San
Francisco itself. }

Five Successes: Cob is loosing cohesion, being
torn apart by Wyld forces. When Cob is disrupted (the
spiritual equivalent of death), it is said that San
Francisco will also collapse.


ofinvestigation. Maybe a Virtual Adept could learn some-
thing from hacker contacts. In these situations, a roll of
Perception + Streetwise (difficulty 9) may uncover some
facts. Three successes are needed to garner concrete infor-
mation,

The specifics are left to you, but may include: news of
an upcoming Symposium (perhaps even the time and
place; see Scene Ten); that the Technomancers are seeking
aband of Marauders; that they recently sought someone;
perhaps a name or two; or the existence of a secret Progeni-
tor lab.

© Other Traditions: Characters might seek fellow
mages for advice, especially local representatives of their
Tradition. A Perception + Etiquette roll (difficulty 6)
contacts a mage of a friendly Tradition. You must deter-
mine how helpful this person is.

Work this encounter into the story. For instance, two
Euthanatos could meet in Lincoln Cemetery (Scene Eight).
A Virtual Adept might contact Merika Seth via a BBS
without realizing to whom he speaks!

Other Tradition mages will be of limited assistance
While the players seek or guard Norna, the Marauders tear
the city apart looking for her, and the Technocracy and
Traditions try to limit the damage. The players may stumble
across the aftermath of one or more of these peripheral
battles before they cross the Marauders' path again in

Scene Eight. While the players may use Chantry libraries,
they will not have access to any high-level help.

The Way Down, a large Hollow One Chantry, once
occupied an abandoned church near the Bay. Unfortu-
nately, the goth scene in San Francisco has waned in recent
years, and the Hollow Ones, ever creatures of fashion, have
moved the earthly manifestation of their Chantry else-
where, leaving the Way Down a has-been club.

The Cult of Ecstasy maintains a Pleasuredome, called
the House of Quodosch, in Berkeley. They keep a large
modern library of the occult, but it is so disorganized that
even the mage residents do not know how to find anything.
C of E mages, Dreamspeakers, Verbena and Sons of Ether
are welcome here. All other mages will be watched with
curt disdain and shown the door as soon as possible.

Most Traditions believe that a mage of promise shall
arrive near the turn of the millennium, bearing a powerful
Avatar and destined for greatness. With proper guidance,
this mage will help bring about something great. The
specifics of this vary by Tradition. Some call it Reconcili-
ation, others Ascension. Dreamspeakers may think of it as
the Apocalypse.

If anyone suggests that Norna might be this mage, she
will panic and flee at the first opportunity. At this point,
she wants no such honor.


What the Future Holds

Disciples of Time may not be content to listen to
others speak of fate, instead preferring to perform some
divination of their own. Even the simplest Time magick
reveals the fast approach of a temporal current carrying
dozens — perhaps hundreds — of fates toward a maelstrom
of possibility. The maelstrom centers on San Francisco.

A Rank Two Time effect determines the probable
future of a person, place, thing, etc. The benefit here lies in
focusing on a specific subject. Choose appropriate proph-
esies from the Tarot reading in Appendix Two, or invent
your own. More successes indicate a higher degree of detail.
Note, however, that the greater the detail, the more you
have to manipulate future events. The difficulty of such
divination is high (8 to 10) and the details should be vague.

Scene Five: The Ombrascape

Interpreting the Prophesies

Each mage leaves Madame Cleo's reading with a card
representing his destiny. An Intelligence + Awareness roll
(difficulty 7) or Prime magick effect reveals an enchant-
ment. Three successes determine its function (in game
terms).

A second puzzle lies in interpreting each vague proph-
esy. For the most part, let players do this themselves.
Provides hints via Intelligence + Enigmas rolls (difficulty
8); each success gives one hint. Having narrowed down the
meaning, the mages may now make other rolls to glean
further information. For instance, mages determine that
Card VIII, in the Future position, indicates a law office —
but which one? An Intelligence + Intuition roll (difficulty
6) will narrow the search to, say, three possibilities (only
one or two successes), or pinpoint Union Law (three or

more successes).

Plot

This scene is a general description of San

Francisco's Umbra. If the mages have the
A means, they may search the Umbra for clues
or step sideways to gain entry to certain

Setting

San Francisco's Umbra reflects a conflict between
order and tradition on one side, bohemian chaos on the
other. Quintessence, the spiritual byproduct of human
habitation, has molded the Umbra in its origin's image.
From the city's conservative "Victorian element" and the
shaping of the Technocracy comes a tightly knit Pattern.
However, this grid constantly shifts and seethes with chaos.
The ground continually ripples, as if something were crawl-
ing just beneath the surface. Spirits of order and disorder
scurry everywhere.

Most real-world streets have spiritual counterparts,
but these have been pulled taut and arranged in an orga-
nized grid. Careful observers note that the longer roads
radiate outward from some central point. Each paving
stone is perfectly aligned with its neighbors; together, they
form repetitive and hypnotic checkerboard patterns, ex-
cept where gleeful Wyld Things have pulled cobbles up for
projectiles. Though these roads are narrow and ill-lit, they
seem safer than the "back lots." In the shadows, Wyld
Things gnaw at structures.

There are no earthly buildings. Instead, the roads pass
between towering obelisks, cubic structures and other geo-
metric constructs. Over these creep wild, reddish vines,
growing as fast as they are pruned. Large, multifaceted
crystals hang suspended in the half-light, pulsating with a

26 Loom of Fate

dim fluorescence. Occasionally, a wormlike spirit-train
slides through the streets, independent of cable or rail; its
passengers press against viewports, shrieking silently, dar-
ing one to imagine their next stop.

The Pattern Web — a vast network of steel cables
crisscrossing high above — binds and secures this regionof
the Umbra. Through its mesh, one sees the Horizon's
perpetual twilight. Wyld Things and pattern spiders swarm
everywhere. The Pattern Web is continually torn apart as
fast as it is created or repaired.

Dozens of spirits travel back and forth on unknown
errands. These spirits include pattern spiders, net-spiders
(strings of computer data made conscious), and spirits of
glass, steel, electricity and concrete. Odd Wyld Things
swarm about.

Mages may converse with spirits via Rank Two Spirit
magick. The reaction of approached spirits varies from
helpfulness to hostility.

Travel

During this story, the mages may travel through the
Umbrascape. To navigate without help, mages must roll
Wits + Cosmology (difficulty 6) each day. Three successes
allow travelers to arrive at their destination with minimal
hassle. A botch on this roll could be truly unpleasant...

If the mages have been guided by some information,
they might pay a visit to one of three notable sites:

* Seth's Workshop: Stepping sideways near Merika:
Seth's apartment on the Diamond Heights will revealatiny:
Realm carved from the Tapestry. This pyramidal structure
has no obvious entrances, but a Perception + Investigation
roll (difficulty 8) or Rank One Matter effect reveals @
concealed portal. A simple push dematerializes one block


for a turn. The interior is apparently a data vault, with
dozens of filing cabinets lining each wall.

One drawer, labeled "Elements," contains a dozen
computer files — personified in the Umbra by black manila
folders—named fora variety of weather patterns. If the file
is disturbed, several frantic elementals escape into the
Umbra. Another drawer holds a file titled "Project: Rein-
carnate." Here the mages find a blueprint depicting the
growth of a delicate, silver spider into a mechanical mon-
strosity (Norna's Avatar to a great pattern spider).

This workshop is the spiritual extension of a computer
hard drive, a sort of Umbral MacPaint for Merika Seth. If
Merika is working at her computer when characters arrive
(Storyteller's discretion), she can use magick at the touch
of akeystroke. Those who step sideways find themselves in
her apartment. See Scene Thirteen.

* Cob's Lair: In the Near Umbra, the city-grid radiates
from a central point — Cob's lair. This is the hub of most
local activity. Pattern spiders continually return to receive
orders or report progress.

Visitors are unwelcome, and are subject to attack by
both pattern spirits and Wyld Things (Appendix One). If
mages persist toward the center of the Pattern Web, they
notice signs of disorganization. Paving stones are wobbly or
missing. Cracks appear on some structures. The Pattern
Web sags slightly. Construction crews keep busy, but their
repairs seem shabby and piecemeal. The hill at the city's
hub looks as if it was formed after the city's construction
rather than before; it literally displaces the local streets.
One imagines a giant tree root pushing upward — or a
volcano forming....

A network of steel cables and mechanical wiring
conceals Cob's lair. Here the mesh of the Pattern Web is
most dense. For a look inside the webwork, see Scene
Sixteen.

* GeneTech Lab: Just above Cob's web floats a huge
polyhedron, apparently constructed from dull, white plas-
tic and painted steel. The Pattern Web anchors the shape
to it, like a balloon's mooring cables. Thick power cables
dangle from the structure, disappearing into the web below.
A few antennae probe the Umbra.

This edifice is actually the outer frontier of a Horizon
Realm, the foundation for a Progenitor Construct known
as GeneTech Lab. In the mundane world, this secret lab
apparently exists below the U.C. Medical Center. Though
most Portals open into physical reality, the Construct does
have a spiritual "back door"; see Scene Fifteen.

Aftermath

Characters could slip through the Gauntlet anywhere.
Those who forget to look before they leap sideways might
land in some predicament — high-speed traffic, a formal
dinner party, and so on. Specific destinations are outlined
below.

Chapter Two 27


If mages recover pieces of a Marauder cycle left
behind at the accident site in Scene One, they could
possibly track these magickal bandits via a Rank Three
Correspondence effect. Three successes are required. Each
attempt takes one day. Scene Nine describes a melee with
Marauders, possibly resulting from a successful track.

ys within Merika's workshop,
returning to ph ity in her apartment. This is
covered by Scene Thirteen.

© Should the characters attempt to enter GeneTech
Lab, refer to guidelines in Scene Fifteen.
© Cob's lair is fully described in Scene Sixteen.

Scene Six:

The Weaver
Residence

Go on and fly

Try everything
You'll be back
Sure as the gypsies sing, my darlin'
 — Theories of the Old School, "Gypsy Spell"
If Norna still accompanies the players, she
will want to check on her mother at home. If
the characters are searching for her, they
may get her address from one of the Men in
Black. In any case, they arrive at the house to discover that
Mrs. Weaver is alive! In truth, she is dead; the woman they
meet is a Progenitor clone.

Plot

Dr. Himiitsu had ordered two Men in Black to watch
the house. On the day this story began, they were to snatch
her. When Norna failed to arrive home (see Scene Two),
the Men in Black approached the house. Posing as federal
agents, they asked a few meaningless questions while actu-
ally probing her thoughts for Norna's location. Mrs. Weaver
was a strong-willed women. When she suspected that
something was wrong, she bolted. She did not get far.

The tragic irony is this: Mrs. Weaver would still be

the vision of her mother's

Dr. Himiitsu had not wanted to kill Mrs. Weaver, but
had prepared for just such an occasion. His Progenitors had
previously used stolen DNA samples to create an almost-
perfect clone, dubbed Mrs. Weaver II. She had been with
the Men in Black in case of trouble.

Hopefully, the mages uncover this doppelganger. They
may then freely search the house, confirming the death of

28 Loom of Fate


Weaver and finding yet another indication of how
tightly their fates are bound to Norna's. If the mages drop
off Norna (unaware of her peril), she is promptly kid-

. Nevertheless, the story continues, introducing
More ways for them to become involved.

Setting

Haight-Ashbury is an upper-middle-class residential
district. Only in this district of San Francisco does one see
‘sich a collection of 19th-century homes. The richer resi-
dents maintain Queen Anne-style Victorians. The "poorer"

lings showcase Italianate and Georgian styles of archi-
‘tecture. Scattered among these live-in museums are tasteful
‘apartments, houses and flats. Except for the uneven land-
‘ape, parts of Haight-Ashbury resemble the London of
100 years ago.

If not for the lousy weather, one could imagine suit-
clad gentlemen and parasol-protected ladies strolling along
the walks. As it is, only a few trenchcoated figures trudge
though the rain. Perception + Alertness rolls (difficulty 9)
teveal these figures to be Men in Black, sent to spy on the
mages. Nothing short of Correspondence magick will shake
them; only Adepts of Correspondence can confront them.
They seem content to watch, at least for now.

The Weaver residence at 752 Ashbury Street is a well-
Kept Victorian with a circular porch and single tower. At
first glance, all seems safe. The door is closed, the drapes
open. Lights shine from each window and a television

"stereo blares a newscast. If the mages knock or ring the door
‘chimes, Mrs. Weaver answers after just enough time for
them to think about breaking and entering.

If mages come alone, Mrs. Weaver is polite but aloof.
She reluctantly agrees to talk with "officials" — Manipula-
tion + Law (difficulty 6); each success allows one question
—but has no time for reporters, salesmen or odd strangers.

If Norna accompanies them, Mrs. Weaver lets out a
telieved gasp. "Oh, Norna!" she cries. "I've been so wor-
tied! Don't you ever do that again!"

Perceptive characters catch Norna's reaction: she is
first startled, then relieved to see her mother alive. Yet she
shows no further "weakness." After looking at one other for
afew seconds, they both become aware of the mages. Norna
explains how they helped her. Her mother thanks them in
atone that clearly indicates the conversation is at an end.
Only if they show no signs of leaving does Mrs. Weaver

| invite them in for a drink. She attempts to get rid of the
mages as quickly as possible without seeming overly rude.

This scene's drama involves penetrating the
doppelganger's disguise. Afterward, the players might search
the house. Possible discoveries follow.

Disturbing Images: Norna's second-floor bedroom.
extends into the tower. Beside the normal trappings of a
young girl, the most obvious feature is artwork hanging on
walls, stashed away in drawers, and resting, half-finished,
on easels. Paintings, sketches, embroidery, even photogra-
phy are all represented. This is Norna's work: primitive yet
promising. Those who examine the art may notice an
arachnid motif, particularly silver and black spiders.

© Shades of Dr. Weaver: A search of the master
bedroom turns up a hatbox on a closet's top shelf. It
contains some of the late Dr. Weaver's possessions: a gold
pocket-watch, his medical degree, a copy of the death
certificate (died of a brain hemorrhage, age 42), records of
the burial plot in Lincoln Cemetery, anda black-and-white
photograph.

In this photo, Dr. Weaver holds a four-year-old Norna,
stethoscope hanging about her neck. A large Oriental man
enters a building in the background. An Intelligence +
Alertness roll (difficulty 6) allows the viewer to recognize
the distinctive architecture of U.C. Medical Center.

© Corpse in the Attic: If characters thoroughly search
the attic, have them roll Perception + Investigation (diffi-
culty 5). With even one success, they find the body of Mrs.
Weaver, hastily hidden in a trunk in the cobwebbed attic.

Naturally, this discovery upsets Norna. Though she
maintains an uncaring demeanor, bursts of destructive
Entropy magick reveal her true emotions. Sympathetic
characters should try to comfort her, rolling Charisma +
Culture (difficulty 6, modified by roleplaying). Three or
more successes send her into a healthy fit of crying and end
the devastation.

© Postcognition: Focused properly, Rank Two Time
magick reveals what went on here. This includes the
location of Mrs. Weaver's body and the subsequent arrival
of another Mrs. Weaver.

Aftermath

This scene provides few definite exits. The plot as-
sumes that characters fall back on one of the story directions
provided earlier. Also, the mages' actions may depend on
Norna's wishes. She would like to visit her father's grave
one last time. Mages who grant this request travel to
Lincoln Cemetery, and Scene Seven.

© If mages seek Norna, they could check Lincoln
Cemetery (Scene Seven). If she is still free, she will be
there.

© By now, they may realize that the U.C. Medical
Center plays some pivotal role. Should they investigate,
refer to Scene Thirteen.

Chapter Two 29


Scene Seven:R.LP.

Characters might come to Lincoln Cemetery
8 either at Norna's behest (if she accompanies
them) orto look for the young Orphan (if she
doesn't).

Here Norna stands by her father's grave,
seeking comfort and inspiration in her time

of crisis. She probably

goes away
disappointed... unless a Disciple of Spirit helps her contact

the spirit of Dr. Weaver. Depending on the magicks em-

either materialize:

ployed, he as a ghost or possesses one of
g) F

lates his death at the hands of

the mages. In any case, he re
Dr. Himiitsu.

Before leaving the Cemetery, someone noticesa black-
garbed manslippingaway between the headstones. Paranoid
characters give chase, only to discover that he is a Sleeper
attending a nearby funeral.

Setting

Lincoln Cemetery lies at the extreme northwest of San
Francisco, on the Lobos headland. Mourners take little
comfort in the rough, liquid-lead waves that beat and foam
against the coast like rabid beasts. The beacon from Mile

Rock Lighthouse seems dim. C\ s trees line the land-

ward edges, their scale-like leaves flapping in the stiff

breeze. Though rain has stopped, dark clouds continue to
blot out the sky.

Most of Lincoln Cemetery is devoted to grave-plots,
mausoleums, and memorials, all segregated by nationality
On one vast plot in the Chinese section stands an elaborate
tomb, replete with arches and temple dogs. If the mages
have come looking for Norna, they find her standing by her
father's grave, near the Chinese section.

Norna feels a bit lost. As her mundane life slips aw:
and the world of mages opens before her, she needs some

time to orient herself.

"['ve always seen the strangeness," she explains to no

one in particular. "From the corner of my eye; from inside
my head. But now I accept it as real. It's like I've awakened
froma peaceful sleep...and entered a nightmare." Ifshe has
not already done so, this would be a good time for Nornato
tell her life story.

Norna's father was her best friend. She wanted to say
goodbye to this last and strongest link. This is an excellent
cue forsomeone to intervene. A Spirit mage could summon
the spirit of Norna's father. Even one success alerts the


irit to the summoning! Dr. Weaver senses his daughter's
ce and attempts to reach her. If an Adept of Spirit
ns the Gauntlet (two successes are enough, this
fing Halloween), Dr. Weaver slips through.

Ifthe Gauntlet is too strong, Dr. Weaver attempts to
pssess the mind of a random person; he continues trying
il he succeeds or runs out of targets. If the ghost suc-
ds, the host shudders for a second, then seems slightly
disoriented. His bearing changes to a loose-limbed but
dignified stance, with much gesturing and hand move-
ment. When speaking, he has a different accent and
Vocabulary.

Take the player of the possessed character aside and
h him in his new role. Provide all the necessary
ormation (see below) and let him go to it.

Dr. Weaver had noticed the unhealthy interest that
his colleague Dr. Himiitsu had taken in Norna. Fearing the
worst, he confronted Himiitsu, who assured Dr. Weaver
that no such thing had crossed his mind. The argument
gave Dr. Weaver a headache, and he went home. He died
‘ofa brain hemorrhage that night. He still believe that Dr.
Himiitsu has a crush on his daughter, and fears for her
"safety.

Now the mages can ask specific questions; the Story-
teller may use this opportunity to drop any clues she wants
the players to have. Dr. Weaver is unaware of the Technoc-
facy or its true interest in Norna. Dr. Weaver can only
femain in physical reality for seven turns before being
disrupted (assume a limit of seven question-and-answer
exchanges). One thing he mentions in passing is that his
wife has joined him: "We wait for you, Norna."

This dialogue ends when the spirit of Dr. Weaver fades
from sight, or the "possessed" wants his body back.

Drama

To end this scene with dramatic flare, introduce a wild
goose chase. Just before leaving Lincoln Cemetery, have
each mage rolls Perception + Alertness (difficulty 6).
Those who succeed notice a black-suited figure picking his
way through the cemetery on a tangent away from them.
Justifiably paranoid of Men in Black by now, the mages
probably give chase.

Make the chase dramatic. Describe how the dark figure
pulls up the collar of his trenchcoat; quickens his pace; slips
behind hedges, memorials, and cypress trees. Introduce
obstacles, such as open plots or low walls around which a
pursuer must travel.

Depending on how quickly they catch up, mages might
trap their prey against some tomb. Or consider this scene:
they break though a rain-soaked hedge and into a dozen
black-clad figures, who turn upon the intruders menac-
ingly. The mages then realize that the black-suited figure
was only a Sleeper, late for funeral services!

Aftermath

Norna is alone — she has lost her parents, has few
friends, and has attracted unhealthy interest. Sympathetic
mages might try to get her back on track. She needs a
Mentor to teach her how to control her magick. She needs
somewhere to belong. Most of all, she needs help to make
it through the imminent future.

Here are a few suggestions for subsequent scenes:

¢ Dr. Weaver identified Himiitsu as his murderer.
Mages seeking vengeance mightarrive at the U.C. Medical
Center and Scene Thirteen.

© The ghost also mentioned that Mrs. Weaver is dead.
This may be news to Norna. Confirming this would require
they visit her house (Scene Six).

¢ Finally, if you plan this scene carefully, the Marauder
attack in Scene Eight could occur in Lincoln Cemetery —
quite an evocative setting.

Scene Eight: Enter the Fray

Get your motor runnin'

Head out on the highway,

Lookin' for adventure

Or whatever comes our way...

— Steppenwolf, "Born to be Wild"

Plot

In these scene, the Marauders return with a

vengeance. The reason for their attack de-
M pends on the course of your plot. If Norna
bl accompanies the mages, she is the primary
target. The Marauders have discovered that
she is crucial to the Technocracy's plans for

keeping the Wylderness entrapped. They want her dead.
Another possibilities finds the characters intention-
ally meddling in the Marauders' plans. They may have
watched for Marauder activity or possibly tracked them
using Correspondence magick. The Technocracy and the
Marauders have clashed once or twice while the characters
were elsewhere; the Marauders might mistake the players

Chapter Two 31


for Technomancers. Perhaps coincidence simply conspires
against them....

For whatever reason, Marauders attack. Their attack
draws agents of the Technocracy, who want to protect
Norna (if she is present) and drive off these enemies of
stability. The scene probably ends with characters escaping
in the confusion. Then again, the extremely foolish may be
captured by Men in Black; the extremely determined may
even find allies in the Marauders!

Setting

This scene occurs whenever you want it to, wherever
the players happen to be at the moment. You might want
to manipulate events slightly to make the most of a setting.
Time this attack for some dramatic moment in some
interesting location — Lincoln Cemetery, the Golden
Gate Bridge, the player group's sanctuary (assuming that
they have one) or even Norna Weaver's house!

Whatever the setting, note that the Drama section
assumes some wide-open space. A raid into the cabal's
sanctum, for instance, would be handled differently.

Challenge of the Spheres

Just before the Marauders teleport into the scene, each
mage rolls Wits + Intuition (difficulty 8). The highest
number of successes equals the number of turns of warning.
This warning is vague, perhaps just a feeling of foreboding:
"T've got a bad feeling about this!" Disciples of Time may
have foreseen this event and prepared an ambush.

Atany rate, 10 cyclists appear from nowhere (two have
been lost during previous raids), engines roaring, tires
squealing, screaming alien battle cries. As before, the
Marauders circle like sharks. One Marauder engages each
mage while the rest continue circling.

Each contest is different; keep in mind the players'
interests and their characters' abilities. Each Marauder
retreats by teleportation upon losing; one of his fellows
subsequently engages the victor.

¢ Facedown: A Marauder rolls up beside one mage and
stares at him through a blank helmet. He has initiated a
traditional Combat of Wills. Use the Facedown rules from
p. 261 of the Mage rulebook, but use Appearance + Intimi-
dation instead (and remember the Marauder's Dream
Background). The mage's strength lies in his higher Will-
power. If the Marauder loses face, he disappears.

¢ The Way of Swords: If one of the mages fancies
herself a fencer, she meets a fellow enthusiast. One Ma-
rauder dismounts, drawing a huge scimitar from a scabbard
on his back. During the fight, he teleports about, dodging
blows and performing flank attacks. Each success at Corre-
spondence magick lowers his own difficulty and raises his
opponent's difficulty by one (for purposes of hitting).
Countermagick allows the mage to sense these movements.
© Teleport Tag: This option applies to a mage of Rank
Three Correspondence. A Marauder steps up to the mage

32 Loom of Fate

and backhands him across the face, then disappears. Thus
beginsa common custom among Correspondence mages—
the Tesseract, more vulgarly known as Teleport Tag. The
tules are simple. First, combatants must remain within a
limited distance of the Point of Challenge (equivalent to
one city block). Second, the Tagged must catch up with
and strike his challenger within five jumps. A mage first
activates Correspondence Sensing to locate his challenger,
then shifts to that location. One there, both opponents roll
initiative. If the mage wins, he may attempt to strike the
dodging Marauder. Ifhe loses, the Marauder shifts away too
quickly, and the hunt resumes. If Tagged, the Marauder
backs down.

* Chicken: This engagement works if the mages were
driving somewhere when the Marauders attacked, or if they
try to escape in a vehicle. A Marauder shifts through space
to get ahead, then speeds toward them. Assume the two
vehicles are five turns from collision. Each turn, both
drivers roll Wits + Drive (difficulty of the opponent's
Willpower). To simulate the increasing tension, gradually
increase the required number of successes — one successof
the first turn, two on the second, and so on. A driver who
fails to score the required successes must turn aside (though
a player may chicken out any time).

If neither driver turns aside...Well, passengers in en-
closed vehicles lose three Health Levels, minus soak
(seatbelts provide three extra dice). Cyclists lose seven
Health Levels, minus soak. A Marauder could shift out of
danger in time...if the crazy bugger wanted to.

Another variation on this involves some sort of pursuit
(p. 258 of Mage). The Marauder cycles have these stats:
Safe Speed 70, Maximum Speed 120, Maneuverability 8

© Spirit Pawns: A mage with at least Rank Two in the
Spirit Sphere is challenged toa game of Umbral Chess. One
mage (determined by initiative, mutual consent, or other
means) thinks of the nastiest Umbrood she knows. She
then attempts to call upon it. The second mage must thinks
ofa rival spirit, preferably more powerful than the first.
tries to summon it. If all goes well, the two Umbrood meet
and battle one another. The Disciples of Spirit peer intothe:
Umbra to see which triumphs. The mage whose pawn ig
defeated must back down.

In game terms, the first mage rolls Intelligence #
Cosmology (difficulty 6), and must achieve at least one
success. She then attempts to Summon Spirit; again, achit
ing at least one success. The second mage does the same. To
see who summoned the more powerful Umbrood, tot
each mage's skill and magick successes; the more success
mage summoned the most powerful spirit. The logic behin
this is that some mages know of more powerful spirits,
are only able to attract their Minions; other mages
only Minions, but can easily call upon them.

© Invent any other engagement that players mi
enjoy, or at which their characters are proficient. A
tial-arts duel is a good example. A Marauder's Dream gi
him a fighting chance at anything.


iisese engapemientsare merely diversions. While mages
fedistracted, the remaining Marauders continue to circle,
the while combining to create a magickal et
igned to tear Norna apart if she is present. Every other
am, roll the Marauders' combined Correspondence (diffi-
ulty 6). Each cluster of three successes causes Norna to lose

ct de-

Health Level as she stretches and warps. Norna resists
Willpower; mages can attempt countermagick. If
Nora is not present, the Marauders target anyone who

ms to be doing too well or fighting too dirty.

Just when things look grim for the mages (or if they are
doing too well), 15 Men in Black approach. Their orders
fe to follow the cabal and capture Norna undamaged.
They are dedicated to destroying the Marauders. Three
black Cadillacs suddenly skid to
pycles. If necessary, three Men in Black cordon off the area

stop beyond the circling

fo limit Sleeper witnesses. Two others attempt to snatch
Nora (these, the mages must deal with). Other Men in.
Black engage the Marauders. A veritable blinking contest
begins as each opponent shifts to gain an advantage. Soon
ithey move so fast that one hardly sees them. Only Disciples
fpf Correspondence can target them. Marauders and MiBs
ies disappear completely, continuing their battle some-
Where else.

In fact, the Marauders are beaten away. If mages defeat
the two Men in Blac
ape. If slow to act, though, they must deal with the three
crowd-controllers. If the mages do not escape soon, eight
Birviving Men in Black return. They combine on Mind
effects to induce thoughts of surrender (difficulty 5; four
successes required), and probably succeed.

Making a Deal with Madness

Truly patient characters may try to communicate with
"the mad cyclists: to find out what they want; to negotiate
peace; or to offer alliance. To get the Marauders' attention,

assigned to snatch Norna, they can

a mage must score three successes on an Appearance +

Leadership roll (difficulty 8). If successful, one cyclist
breaks off the attack. Here is the mage's chance to attempt
Oration or Fast Talk, adding any Destiny rating to the Dice
Pool. At least three successes are required. If a mage
manages to make peace, the Marauder offers this informa-

tion:

* Static ones have imprisoned an ally. This one (and
here he points to Nora) will be the new warden, There-
fore, she must die, her Avatar extinguished. If mages
explain that they oppose the Technomancers, the Maraud-
ers seem satisfied (for now).

© The Maraudersare planning toattack the changeless
ones, through a Portal they have discovered. If the cabal
shows initerest; they vow to xetunt for them. The mages
might also persuade them to give away the entrance's
location. In this case, a Marauder boasts "Tunnelzzz be-
low!" (meaning the sewers) and presents them with a gla

orb containing murky yellow liquid, in which an arrowhead
floats. This weird compass will locate a sewer Portal to
GeneTech Lab.

The Men in Black have nothing to say except, "Resis-
tance is futile."

Aftermath

This scene is a diversion. The adversaries are inscru-

table, and mages probably learn very little from the attack.
However, this attack may well lead to several strange
tangents:

© If mages participate in the Marauder attack, refer to
Scene Ten for details. Eight cyclists return to pick up the
mages (who ride behind or in sidecars). The warband rides
through sewers and access tunnels toward one of GeneTech
Lab's secret Portals (Scene Fourteen). After raiding the
Technomancer Construct, the band slips into the Near
Umbra to attack Cob in its liar (Scene Fifteen). However,
no matter how much force the band can muster, it is
eventually overcome by pattern spiders. The Marauders
retreat back into the Progenitor lab and through the Portal.
They then scatter, leaving the mages to flee on their own.

¢ The Marauder compass leads toa Portal toGeneTech
Lab. Refer to Scene Fourteen for its entrances and defenses.

* Finally, Men in Black might capture the mages. They
take prisoners to GeneTech Lab and suspend them in clone
tanks. The Storyteller must adapt Scene Fourteen to take
this into account. Their best opportunity for escape comes
with the Marauder attack in Scene Ten.

Chapter Two 33

he



hapter Three:

Tangled Webs

fat

With them the seed of wisdom did I sow,

And with my own hand wrought to make it grow

And this was all the harvest that I reap'd
I came like Water, and like Wind I go."
The Rubdiyat of Omar Khayyam, verse XXX1

ned much about the goings-on in

The mages have
les, trai-

San Francisco. They have overcome troubles, p

tors and physical danger. In this chapter, circumstances

move against them

First, the Technocracy holds a Symposium wherein
the fate of Norna Weavers ultimately decided. Ifshe is not
yet in the Technocracy's hands, Dr. Himitsu receives even
greater resources with which to capture her and neutralize
any troublemakers

Meanwhile, the remaining Marauders take advantage
h Lab and Cob's lair.

of this meeting to attack GeneTe
They mortally injure the spirit, and San Francisco feels the
effects. The Wylderness tests its static prison, anda sudden
tremor damages buildings, sparks fires, and panics citizens.

This is but a taste of what would happen should the

that the clock is

Wylderness break free. The mages reali
ticking...
Finally, Dr. Himiitsu contacts the mages. He explains

what is at stake. If mages are protecting Norna, they face an
unenviable choice between her liberty and the rupture of
reality.

During Madame Cleo's card-reading, the Tower may
have appeared in someone's Future position. This chapter
the Union Law Office
egraph Hill. Fulfill the

prophesy of madness by introducing a brief bout of Quiet

provides two towerlike setting

building and Coit Tower on Te!
possibly brought on by a Technomancer's Mind magick.

Appropriate imagery for this fit includes spiders and cob-
webs, or even repeated tower motifs.

Chapter Three 3

Scene Nine: Net Gain

Plot

This scene describes an emergency
Technomancer Symposium, scheduled for 9
p.m., November 7th. This information is
placed in its own section for a few reasons.
First, the meeting is an. important behind-
the-scenes event. Its effect on the plot should
be clearly explained. Another reason is for
the Storyteller to use this scene as a cutaway. By describing
their enemies' actions, you can incite a range of emotions
in the player mages: anticipation, helplessness, anger or a
sense of looming fate. It also gives the enemy a face, thus
setting the stage for future antagonists. Finally, characters
might have learned the location of this meeting by search-
ing Seth's apartment (Scene Eleven) or Himiitsu's office at
the U.C. Medical Center (Scene Twelve). The brave,

desperate or crazy may attempt to crash the meeting.

Setting

The Technocracy holds its Symposium on the 26th
floor of the Union Law Office, located downtown in Union
Square. Within the district, one finds stores such as Macy's,
boutiques, the Geary and Curran Theaters, and over 40
hotels. Nearby, cable cars meet the Bay Area Rapid Transit
(BART) at the station in sunken Hallidie Plaza. Traffic is
always gridlocked. Mages entering this region note that
parts of downtown are blacked out. Power returns in halfan
hour.

Union Square, the heart of San Francisco's commer-
cial district, isa 2.6-acre oasis planted with palms, boxwoods
and seasonal flowers, all concealing an underground park-
ing lot. The square barely contains its constant bustle;
preachers rant at any who listen, while panhandlers accost
any who stop. Office workers eat lunch on benches next to
homeless sleepers. Street musicians and mimes amuse tour-
ists waiting for a cable car. Pigeons roost in all available
space. Corporate types loosen their ti they head east-
ward across the square and enter Maiden Lane, a "red light"
alley lined with prostitutes' cribs. Surrounding buildings
partially shelter the square from wind and intermittent
showers.

The Union Law Office building blots out the southern
sky. A glass and sheet metal skin clings to the framework,
embodying style known appropriately as Corporate Inter-
national Brutalist. Even more than the exterior, the inner
lobby, halls, and offices present an unfeeling and inhuman
environment; the steel-frame furniture, gray walls, and
lack of decoration certainly provide an appropriate meet-
ing place for the Technocracy.

36 Loom of Fate

The smoky windows of office doors bear gold-painted
numbers rather than names. On the 26th floor, one locates
the office of the Union Law firm. All senior partners are
conspicuously absent today, all taken ill by a coincidental
flu epidemic. Yet voices issue from the boardroom, whose

door is locked and windows blinded.

Weavers of Fate

In the shadowy boardroom, representatives of the
Conventions have assembled to determine the fate of
Norna Weaver. Brother Johnson of the New World Order
sits at the table's head, his emotions concealed by a feature-
less (!) face. Two Men in Black lurk behind his chair. On
his right, Dr. Himiitsu stands beside the seated Merika
Seth, representing the Progenitors and their proposed
experiment. Their Superior bodyguards stand nearby. On
Johnson's left sits Harold Wu, the eyes, ears and voice of the
local Syndicate. Tecson of Iteration X sits at the far end of
the table, scanning the others with one cybernetic eye. He
seems more comfortable with his two HIT Mark compan-
ions than with organics. Also present is the Void Engineer
Eva Raum, dressed in a white flight suit with the EuroSpace
logo.

Most of them know about the proposed experiment
At this Symposium, they are to give formal approval and

negotiate the transfer of any necessary resources. What

follows is a typical exchange:

Rolling up a chart, Dr. Himitsu concludes his presen
tation.

"In closing, I propose another attempt at Project
Reincarnate, this time using Norna Weaver as a subject."
Here he glances at Merika Seth. "We believe her Avataris
powerful enough to survive the process. As well, her status
as an Orphan should help her adapt to the new form. By
contrast, Williams was essentially weaker and firmly ene
trenched in the Chorus' reality paradigm. We have estimat
the success rate at 73.6%."

"It had better work," snaps Harold Wu. "The Syndi
cate has invested too much in this venture to see another
failure."

"The Inner Council has every confidence in Dr
Himiitsu and his Progenitors." says Brother Johnson,
tone of his voice stifling dissension. Turning his blank face
to Himiitsu, he asks, "I take it the Order's agents assigned
to your team have performed adequately?" Before
question can be answered, the building sways. Dr. Himiitst)
turns to Merika. Her surprised expression is enough to tel
him that neither had expected an earthquake.

"Oh, no — the lab," he mumbles in synch with
Merika's gasp of "Cob!" Then together, both curse, "
rauders!"

To Arms!

If the player mages crash the Symposium, the
Technomancers follow these tactics:

They scatter. The two HIT Marks and two Superiors
open fire with mundane weaponry. Merika Seth hits a few
buttons on her portable computer and slips into the Umbra.
Eva Raum talks into a wrist communicator and promptly
dematerializes (Correspondence). The Syndicate's repre-
sentative decides it is time to leave, and quickly does so. Dr.
Himiitsu knows that his duty lies at GeneTech Lab; jump-
ing through a window, he swallows a handful of pills and
transforms into a crane. Tecson of Iteration X stands and
fights, hurling Forces and Matter projectiles and striking
with his cybernetic piledriver arm. Brother Johnson directs
his Men in Black to intimidate mages into surrendering

(Mind).
Characters

Descriptions of Dr. Himiitsu and Merika Seth are
found in Appendix One. No statistics are supplied for the

other Technomancers. The Storyteller can create these
himself, or simply assume that each mage is a Master or
Adept of one Sphere and a Disciple of at least one other.
Iteration X is associated with the Sphere of Forces; the New
World Order specializes in Mind; the Syndicate controls
Spirit, while the Void Engineers master Correspondence
magick.

See p. 282 of the Mage rulebook for descriptions of
HIT Marks, Men in Black and Superiors.

Aftermath

While the Technomancers discuss plans, the Maraud-
ers take action. Their attack on Cob's lair and its effect on

in Francisco are described in Scene Ten.

Other follow-ups include:

* Having gained support at the Symposium, Dr.
Himiitsu need only go ahead with his experiment. If he has
yet to abduct Norna, he commits all his resources toward
doing so. Mages who continually oppose him receive a
message. This composes Scene Eleven.

© If mages crash the Symposium, they may very well
face defeat. Do not cut the characters a break if they
attempt this. The least failure results in them being cap-
tured. Scenes Ten and Fourteen explore the ramifications
of this.

© On the other hand, lucky mages could triumph, and
even overpower a Technomancer. Through interrogation,
they learn the entire plan. This probably leads to the U.C.
Medical Center (Scene Thirteen) and GeneTech Lab
(Scene Fourteen).

Chapter Three 37


Scene Ten:
Call of the Wyld

This scene is an event rather than a
setting. While mages go about their business,
they witness a number of minor disasters. A
small but noticeable earthquake rattles the
city, surprising seismologists and frightening
ns. The tremor cracks a few water mains

and snaps power cables, blacking out entire
blocks. Although the damage is minimal, dozens of minor

ments contribute to a picture of order breaking down.
This quake should spur the players to do something, and
soon!

This trail of chaos leads to the Marauders. While the
Technomancers met, the Unpredictable Ones infiltrated"
GeneTech Lab through a secret Portal leading to the

sewers. They fought with Superior guards, slew Progenitor
mages, and smashed equipment. Taking advantage of thell
weak Gauntlet, they slipped into Cob's lair in the Neal
Umbra! They attacked the weakened Umbrood and dealt
Coba mortal blow. Before being able to free the Wylderness,
however, the Marauders were overrun by swarms of pattern.
spiders. They retreated through the Gauntlet into GeneTedll
Lab, then into the sewers.

Still, the Marauders did some damage. As.Cob shud-
ders in its death throes, its Pattern Web weakens, and Wyld
chaos begins to leak into reality. Unless a replacement for
Cob is found soon, San Francisco will fall apart.

Setting

This scene occurs wherever characters happen to be
when some Marauder runs Cob through with his scimitar
The mages may have even joined the attack, in which cast
thq greets them upon their retum,
giving them reason to question their decision.

the news of the

Drama
This section describes three types of drama. Highlight

one or more of them depending on your story's pacing and
the troupe's interest. Some may not apply to particulal

settings, but may figure into the story as part of a newscast

¢ Earthquake: San Francisco is hit by a sudden tremoh
measuring 4.1 on the Richter scale. If the characters a
near tall buildings, a block of crumbling statuary b

loose from a ledge and plummets toward some innocemt

4) and consult the Perception table given in the accid
scene in Scene One. This provides a difficulty for dodges

Being struck by a concrete gargoyle results in the loss of four
lealth Levels (before soak).

¢ Fire: Sparked by

simple as hot grease knoc!

apping power cables orsomething
d off
farted in the city. Characters pass a burning building.
Biugh a third-floor window, they barely make out some
fictim being overcome by
rough the streets, a fire engine has yet to reach this blaze
{another symptom of chaos).

stove, a few fires have

moke. Though sirens echo

_ Tosave this person, a rescuer must first reach the third
floor (30 feet up). Climbing from balcony to balcony is
hazardous (difficulty 8) but possible (see Climbing, p. 236
(of Mage). A more direct method is to run through the
flames on the lower level and the stairwell. This requires

two turns of running through smoke and falling beams, and
the raging inferno will cause second-degree burns over
Much of the body (see Fire, p. 249 of Mage). Vulgar
Bepondence magick is the simplest trick:

Once on the third floor, rescuer and victim must still
‘escape (hopefully, someone thought to bring a rope...).
Finally, first aid may be required.

Note that an Adept of Forces can attempt to control
the flames. The Storyteller should permit 4
Bion (not usually allowed with magick), allowing por-
tions of the flames to be affected. A total of 10 successes will

sortof extended

extinguish the fire. The same effect can be achieved by
Disciples of Matter if they create water.

Upset Citizens: By coincidence, an unusual number
of protest groups are active today. The nature of this scene
depends on the mages' location. Perhaps the mages meet
some minority group in Union Square, protesting real or
imagined injustice. Better yet, pro-life acti
sembled outside the U.C. Medical Center. They have
embled based on a rumor that the research wing uses

sts have as-

human fetuses in its experiments. A few police officers keep
watch. The quake momentarily sobers them, but the arrival
of Dr. Himiitsu provokes frenzy once again. One fanatic has
brought a gun. He shoots the doctor before being appre-
hended by police. Dr. Himiitsu rushes into the Medical
Center, seemingly oblivious to the wound.

Th
The mages might try to restore order by physical presence,

sort of event seethes with dramatic possibility.

oration or Mind magick. The mages' mere presence may
lead to police mistaking them for troublemakers and arrest-
ing them. If the players are too forceful, they might become
targets of violence themselves.

Aftermath

Disciples of Spirit note (with a Rank One magickal
effect) that all the recent disasters are but reflections of
something occurring in the Near Umbra. This line of
thinking could lead through the Gauntlet (Scene Five) and
to Cob's lair (Scene Fifteen). .

Desperate now, Dr. Himiitsu wants to begin Project:
Reincarnate immediately. If Norna is still shielded by the
mages, he commits all resources toward her capture. Refer
to Scene Eleven.

Scene Eleven:
Laying It on the Line

There is no disaster greater than taking on an enemy

Too easily. So doing nearly cost me my treasure. Thus
Of two sides raising arms against each other, it is the
One that is sorrow-stricken that wins.

— Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching, Verse LXIX, Book Two

Plot

This scene applies to mages who continually shield
Norna or otherwise disrupt the Technocracy's plans. One
mage receives a graphic vision of a tower on a hill. This is
Coit Tower on Telegraph Hill, Intelligence + Enig-
mas roll (difficulty 4) will confirm. The image appears toa
random mage each hour until the players act on this
"hunch" (Mind m everal Men in
Black working in conjunction). If characters continually
resist through countermagick or Willpower, a Man in
Black simply delivers a written message. (Page 40.)

ick originating from

Assuming that the characters accept this offer, they
meet Dr. Himiitsu (actually a clone) atop Coit Tower. He
explains his plans for Norna and the consequences of
failure, and even asks if they wish to help. He hopes they
will surrender Norna. If not, Men in Black move in for a
final attempt at abducting the Orphan.

The scene ends in one of two ways. Either the mages
and Norna are taken to GeneTech Lab (willingly or "in
irons"), or the Wylderness threatens to break free.

Setting

Telegraph Hill is one of many undulations forming the
foundation of San Francisco. Its name deri

es from history;

Chapter Three 39

Enlightened Ones:

worry about the time; I'll know.

Sincerely yours,

Dr. Himitsu
Director of Research

Better Living through Genetics

Why do you continually oppose us? Our agenda is sound; we seek only to protect reality. Whateve
our differences, the hostilities must end now. In the very least, learn what's at stake before taki
your stand — then accept the consequences. If you embrace reason, meet me at Coit Tower. Do

this hill was the site of the first West Coast telegraph.
Located in the northeast sector of the city, it overlooks the
ruined Embarcadero Freeway. A stretch of the wharf runs to
the north, while Chinatown stretches to the south. Tele-
graph Hill Boulevard winds up the slope, passing
condominiums, landscaped lawns, patches of trees and
tickety wooden steps. The road eventually ends at Coit
Tower.

Coit Tower was donated to the city by an eccentric
lady named Lillie Coit in memory of her husband. As if to
recognize her love of firefighting, the tower (which was
constructed in 1934) looks something like a stylized hose
nozzle. It also resembles the Leaning Tower of Pisa. From
the tower's base, a staircase spirals up to a landing roughly
50 feet above the hill's crest. While characters wait, the sky
darkens tremendously. Thunder rumbles above. Suddenly,
a storm breaks, dumpling black rain upon the city.

After waiting in the rain for a few minutes, the char-
acters see a glistening black Cadillac creep up Telegraph
Hill Boulevard and park at the base of Coit Tower. A large
man in gray pulls himself out. He enters the tower. After
another 30 seconds, he reaches the landing where the
mages wait.

40 Loom of Fate

Dr. Himiitsu introduces himself. He gets straighttot
point. He relates the existence of Cob (as Seth explaing
it to him) and the Pattern Web that suppresses t
Wylderness. He tells how Cob is dying, "even faster nd
because of the Unpredictable Ones' meddling." Finally,
explains his plan to transform Norna Weaver into a pol
erful pattern spider.

"So you see, your interference threatens the very fa
of reality. | am not an evil man, nor an unreasonable
but the Path often forces us toward unreasonable decisi
unfortunate ones. If we fail to install a new warden, $i

1 alone have borne this burden for too long. The decisi
now rests with you."

The mages now face an uncomfortable choice.
can either stand up for Norna's rights or sacrifice
protect reality. Norna is a conformist and needs guidan
Her decision will depend a great deal on what is said,a
by whom.


Norna, at this point, feels the tug of her destiny; it
frightens her, but it excites her as well. She has always had
‘afatalistic streak a mile wide. Now, with her parents dead
and the possible fate of the city on her action, she could go
either way.

If the Storyteller prefers a simple resolution to this
dilemma, make Charisma + Leadership rolls for Norna's
trust. The difficulty depends on the roleplaying and how
much Norna trusts each person: a proven friend faces a
difficulty of 4; Dr. Himiitsu, 8; while the default difficulty
‘is 6. If the mages agree with Dr. Himiitsu, they may
‘substitute their difficulties for the doctor's. If their advice
differs from Dr. Himiitsu's, the rolls are opposed. Consult
the following chart for Norna's reaction:

If mages side with Dr. Himiitsu, he thanks them for
"thinking of the grand scheme." Suspicious characters can
even witness the transformation if they wish.

Success Reaction

Botch: "Don't talk about me as if I weren't
here! I hate you all!" Lashing out with subcon-
scious Entropy, Norna flees down the spiral steps
and out of Coit Tower. As the mages watch, two
Men in Black slip out of the Cadillac and grab her.
Norna will resist her transformation, if it comes to
that.

Failure: "I'm not a puppet; I can make up my
own mind. No. Why don't you be the guinea pig?"
With more roleplaying, allow another roll. Norna
Tesists any transformation.

One Success: "Well...OK." Still uncertain,
Norna sides with this character. She resists any
transformation.

Two Successes: Norna is somewhat con-
vinced. If it comes down to it, she resists her
transformation because of fright. Another Cha-
risma + Leadership roll (difficulty 6) would calm
her.

Three Successes: Norna sees the common
sense in what is suggested. If this involves her
transformation, she will not resist.

Four Successes: Norna is won over. If this
involves her transformation, she is even a bit
excited and proud. Although she remains afraid,
Norna will not resist.

Five Successes: Norna is a complete pawn. If
this involves her transformation, she will not re-
sist, though she will still be sad for the end of her
life as she knows it.

"The Error of Your Ways!"

If, however, the players still oppose the Technocracy,
all hell breaks loose. Dr. Himiitsu attempts to grapple
Norna (if present) and flee down the staircase. Men in
Black "creep out of the woodwork." One appears on the
landing each turn (a total of five will appear); two others
ascend the spiral stairs, blocking escape or pursuit of Dr.
Himiitsu; two more wait in the Cadillac below, in driver
and "shotgun" position respectively. Two Cadillacs are
parked at the base of Telegraph Hill. One is empty; the
other holds five Men in Black, ready to pursue fleeing
mages.

The Men in Black coordinate on numbing minds
while Norna is abducted. They will use lethal force if
necessary. This scene's drama is intended to be intense and
overwhelming, but not unbeatable. Orchestrate the action
so that clever, persistent and lucky mages can triumph.

On the other hand, the story could continue after their
capture.

Aftermath
One way or the other, the mages will probably end up
at the U.C. Medical Center (Scene Thirteen) and
GeneTech Lab (Scene Fourteen).
* Should Norna remain free for much longer, the
Wylderness seems ready to break free. The Conclusion
deals with this possibility.



Chapter Four:

Prometheus
Onbound

Into this Universe, and Why not knowing,

Poe

Nor Whence, like Water willy-nilly flowing;
And out of it, as Wind along the Waste

I know not Whither, willy-nilly blowing

— The Rubdiyat of Omar Khayyam, verse XXXII

This chapter describes the antagonists' inner sanc-
tums: Merika Seth's apartment; the U.C. Medical Center
and GeneTech Labs where Dr. Himitsu can be found; and
Cob's lair in the Near Umbra. These are the likely locations

for this story's climax, the final snipping of the threads of
fate. Whatever courses the players follow, they will con-
clude this story in the Horizon Realm of the Progenitors

Scene Twelve: Warp and Weft

Plot

"rom the start, characters may suspect Merika

Seth ofbeinga mage. She survived a near-hit
with an auto and is renowned for predicting
the weather. A Virtual Adept might have
contacted her in the Net and wondered how
she knew so much. Disciples of Spirit could

ha

discovered her workshop in the Umbra

and slipped sideways into her apartment

If the characters follow these leads, they may find
Seth's address readily enough. Upon arriving, the mages
might investigate the apartment for clues, or even question
Merika herself if she is home.

Setting

When not working at KWLF, mingling at dance clubs,
or discussing Project: Reincarnate with Dr. Himiitsu in
GeneTech Lab, Merika resides in her apartment on Dia-
mond Heights.

Diamond Heights is a steep and windy ridge just south
of Twin Peaks, on the border of San Francisco proper.
Despite austere

weather, the locale provides a commanding view of
the settled slope and the wild and secluded valley called
Glen Canyon Park. One sees suburban townhouses, a few
apartments and several churches. A shopping center, el-
ementary school, and the Glen Park BART Station can
also be found, concealed by distance and sheets of rain.

Chapter Four 43


Generally, the architecture is uninspired, lacking the sense
of history that distinguishes older districts. Merika Seth
lives on Red Rock Way, in a sixth-floor apartment.

To enter the apartment, someone must pick the lock
(Dexterity + Technology; difficulty 8) or break down the
door (a feat of Strength). The doors and windows have
sophisticated alarms. Unless the players deactivate this
system (Intelligence + Technology; difficulty 7, four suc-
cesses), the police arrive before the players can leave.

Seth's apartment faces southeast. Ripples of rainwater
wash down the huge living room window, obscuring the
view. Occasionally, a flash of lightning helps illuminate
the softly lit room, which is tastefully furnished in black
and beige, juxtaposing old and new. A sandstone statue
rests beside an advanced entertainment center; an antique
endtable sits next toa black leather sofa. A door on the left
y leads to

opens intoa kitchen, while the right-hand hallw:
the bedroom, bathroom and study.

By searching the apartment, mages note a number of
pertinent details:

False Sympathy: A general search of the bedroom,
coupled with a Perception + Investigation roll (difficulty
4), uncovers a "Get Well" card in anight-table drawer. The
card seems to read: "Heard about your recent accident.

LNSWLYVd¥
SNINOSHDISN

DINING ROOM

Hope the car can be repaired! You should be more careful.
Heal quickly and get well soon. K.H." In fact, a Perception
+ Awareness roll (difficulty 9) detects a message written in
magickally invisible ink, which reads: "Symposium to be
held in the boardroom (26th floor) of the Union Law
Office, 253 Geary. Moved up to tonight at 7 p.m. Be
prompt." Adjust the time on the card to whatever time
works best for your game.

¢ IBM Clone: The study contains, among other things,
a personal computer. It looks custom-built from a number
of systems, as well as other strange parts (cathode ray tubes,
Nintendo joysticks, etc.)! Booting up the computer/ by-
passing its security system requires an Intelligence +
Computer roll (difficulty 5; three successes).

A desktop program includes an "address book." It
makes reference to "Dr. Ken Himiitsu, Director U.C.
Medical Center: (415)-476-1000, Extension #12." The
Storyteller might call for Wits + Intuition rolls before
supplying this clue.

The hard-drive directory lis
such as "Project: Reincarate." If accessed, this file seems

ome strange file names,

to be a sort of paint program depicting various digital
sketches of arachnids. See "Seth's Workshop" in Scene
Five for more details.

BEDROOM BATH

Seth's Apartment

44 Loom of Fate


* Attached via cables to this computer are a set of
virtual reality goggles and gloves. Merika uses these foci for
Spirit magick, particularly for slipping sideways. Only an-
other Virtual Adept could use this gear, which can access
the Net Realm.

¢ Also in the study is a sophisticated weather forecast
workstation. It includes specialized software and attach-

ments to barometric hardware assembled on this apartment's
toof. The workstation is online. A monitor displays a
contour map of central California with digital cloud cover
and atmospheric readouts. A window in a lower corner
teads: "C:\ TEMPEST Processing." A Wits + Computer
roll (difficulty 6) reveals that the workstation is not so

much forecasting future weather conditions as monitoring
(controlling !?!) the present storm. Euthanatos and a few
other mages may have heard of the rote called Shango's
Grave.

Shutting down the workstation will not end the storm;
it is a tool for Merika's coincidental magick, not a Talis-
man.

It may be dramatic to have Merika interrupt an intru-
sion, returning home in time to catch the mages unaware.
She will not, to put it mildly, be pleased, but would rather
flee than fight impossible odds. Seth will be furious, but not
stupid. Her reaction to visitors depends on what the mages
have done up to this point, but she will remember them
from Scene One. With the Marauders loose in the city,
Seth will be on her guard.

Mages may question Merika if they get the chance.
Fast-talk and interrogation fail to impress her; charm and
seduction make a better impression. She isa poor liar, so the
tight questions elicit many answers. However, incautious
mages find the tables turned; Merika's charm and good
looks might win over the players, or trap them until the
police arrive. Merika Seth is a local celebrity; players will
lose any confrontations involving the authorities.

Aftermath

Barring the possibility that mages are hauled off to jail
for breaking and entering, their investigations could lead to
other scenes:

© Stepping sideways in Merika's apartment leads to
"Seth's Workshop" in Scene Five.

© The "Get Well Card" identifies the time and place
of a Technocratic Symposium. If it has not already passed,
player characters might want to crash it. See Scene Nine.

© By telephoning Dr. Himiitsu's number, they reach a
secretary at the U.C. Medical Center. Following up on this
physically, they enter the next scene, Thirteen.

Plot

Any of the players who require medical at-
tention may be taken to the U.C. Medical
Center, one of two major hospitals in San
Francisco, and the closest to many of the
scenes in Loom of Fate. Ironically enough,
visiting this hospital brings the characters to
the Technocracy's doorstep. Dr. Himiitsu has linked a
Progenitor Horizon Realm to the Medical Center and
hopes to save San Francisco from there.

The players may have followed various clues through-
out the story that point to Dr. Himiitsu and his Progenitors,
and might investigate the hospital. After bypassing Dr.
Himiitsu's receptionist, the characters search his office,
ge from the Technocracy. In an
elevator, they also discover a Portal leading to GeneTech
Lab, a Progenitor Construct "beneath" the Medical Cen-
ter.

Setting

Just southeast of Golden Gate Park lies the University
of California. This college specializes in medical disci-
plines. The U.C. Medical Center isacollection of buildings
sloping down Mt. Sutro. A linked pair of square, clear-span
towers form the Health Sciences Instruction and Research
Units One and Two. Other structures house the College of
Dentistry, Surge Research Lab, School of Nursing, and
Outpatients Clinic.

finding a secret me:

The storm has not abated. Leaving the parking struc-
ture, the mages are drenched by flapping sheets of rain.
Between booming thunder, they hear a clock tower an-
nouncing the time in bass gongs. This sound, combined
with the black sky, instills a feeling of depression and doom.

For purposes of plot, the Medical Center offers three
places of interest.

© The local elevators are not mundane machines. For
those with a key, they form Portals to GeneTech Lab.
Mages may find such secret doors through a few means.
Disciples of Prime or others with a Perception + Awareness
roll (difficulty 8) can sense raw Quintessence pulsing
beneath their feet. A Forces mage may note that residual
energy still crackles in circuitry attached to the "B" button.
In fact, if someone presses this button while introducing a
surge of energy (Rank Three Forces, one success), the
elevator "descends" to GeneTech Lab, passing through a
Portal into the Realm.

@ The Surge(Research Lab is:one place: wheie Dr.
Himiitsu can be found, though he spends more time in
GeneTech: af thé plot:progrestes, Behind ‘closed: doors

46 Loom of Fate

lining stark corridors, scientists experiment with frozen

embryos, partially dissected fetuses, and DNA strands.

Another of Himiitsu's haunts is his office. Outside its
door, Agnes Merridrew, the doctor's elderly receptionist,
crouches behind an IBM, her hooked fingers pecking away
at the keyboard.

If anyone asks about Dr. Himiitsu, Merridrew requests
the inquirer's name and checks an appointment list. By the
way she fumbles at the computer, it is obvious that she hails
from a simpler time...or that she's stalling. When she fails
to find their name, she offers to make an appointment...:
"How's 11:00 of Tuesday, two weeks from today?"

To bypass Agnes, characters must Fast Talk, use Mind
magick, or employ other means. One possibility is to add
one's name to the appointment list by precise manipulation
of the monitor's pixels (Rank Two Forces; three successes).
Another idea is for someone to distract Agnes while others
slip into the office. Agnes is a great talker, and it takes very
little to get her started.

Characters who manage to read Agnes' computer

screen by some means can see a window in the lower left
corner of the monitor. A message in the window reads: "All
roads lead to Rome. All strands lead to Cob. Make haste.
M.S." This message is from Merika Seth. Only Agnes is
"Keyed" to this computer. Unauthorized users will set offan
alarm to Dr. Himiitsu.

Agnes herself knows nothing about her employer's
true nature. Threats or magickal questioning will buy the
players little more than trouble.

The Good Doctor's Office

Entering the office, the players search for clues (assum-
ing Dr. Himitsu is absent!). A paper-tray holds af
interesting memo. Its coil and slightly smeared message
reveal that it came through a fax machine. Though the
message seems to refer toa transfer of medical files from San.

Francisco General Hospital, it is actually a concealed
memo from another Technomancer. By succeeding on a
Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 9), a mage can read
between the mundane lines:

is out of hand. This
month's Symposium be held in the
boardroom (26th floor) of the n Law
Office ite Ms. Seth; perhaps
in better explain this

"spir t report req
ferred to a " Therefore,
we shall me: d

on Nov

World Order


The office is mundane in every other way. There are no
clues anywhere to implicate Dr. Himiitsu in Dr. Weaver's

death.
Aftermath

This scene has two major exits. If characters discover
the location and date of the Technocratic Symposium,
they could crash (assuming it has not passed). This leads to
Scene Nine. Or they may infiltrate GeneTech Lab via an
elevator (Scene Fourteen).

Scene
Fourteen:
Gene Tech Lab

I'm goin' down into the maelstrom,

Goin' down, gonna drown.
—Radio Birdman, "Into the Maelstrom"

Plot

One way or another, the mages will visit
GeneTech Lab. They may raid it for Quin-
tessence, knowledge or vengeance. They may
be captured by the Technocracy, ot possibly
even ally with them.

If characters find the Progenitor Construct themselves,
they enter though one of three places. Various access
tunnels under San Francisco lead here, as do special eleva-
tors from the U.C. Medical Center. An unknown breach
from the Umbra exists as well. The mages could arrive early
during the story when all is running efficiently, or in the
destructive wake of a Marauder attack. They may even
accompany the raiding cyclists.

With so many variables, the plotting of this scene
varies tremendously. Therefore, the description below is
but one version. It assumes the mages arrive by themselves
after the Marauder attack. The Storyteller can easily work
backwards from this point if necessary.

Setting

The foundation of GeneTech Lab is a Horizon Realm
powered by the Wylderness. The Realm has these Sphere
ratings: Correspondence 0, Entropy -2, Forces +1, Life +4,
Matter 0, Mind +1, Prime +2, Spirit -1 , Time 0. For a
general description of how such ratings work, see p. 181 of
Mage: The Ascension.

The Node supplies 25 Quintessence per month. Here,
the Gauntlet's rating is 2, requiring only one successes with
Spirit magick to slip sideways. Magickal difficulties at the
Node are three less!


3 trees,

As mentioned above, the Construct has three means
of access. Each presents its own difficulty.

© Underground: Dozens of tunnel systems wind though
the concrete crust beneath San Francisco. Some provide
access to gas mains and power lines; others are sewers. A few
lead to Portals toGeneTech Lab. The tunnels' twists, turns,
branches and crossings are extremely disorienting. To
navigate this maze, roll Perception + Intuition (difficulty 8;
6 with a schematic) each turn. If the mages botch, they
become lost. The number of rolls depends on how far from
the U.C. Medical Center the players began, ranging from
one (within sight) to 30 (edge of the city). The Marauder
compass from Scene Eight points unerringly to GeneTech
Lab.

Within sight of an earthly Portal, intruders face an-
other obstacle. The Progenitors have bred mutantalligators
as guards. Lurking beneath sewer water, or lying still to
resembles logs, these beasts can easily surprise mages. Call
for Perception + Alertness rolls (difficulty 7). If someone
scores four or more successes, he alerts the others so far in
advance that they could conceivably sneak past. After the

Marauders' attack, the ‘gators are more alert (five successes
required to get by).

¢ Near Umbra: From Cob's web in the near Umbra,
mages can climb mystic power cables to reach the floating
Horizon Realm. The cables breach a shimmering mem-
brane (the Gauntlet) beneath GeneTech Lab. Disciples of
Spirit can easily penetrate this membrane; other Awak-

ened beings may doso by spending one point of Willpower.
Once the membrane is breached, mages find themselves
"surfacing" into an inky pool at the bottom of a cavern. To
reach the lab's main level, they must climb cables from the
water (difficulty 4). From within the Realm, the membrane

resembles brackish water. Only a Perception + Awareness
roll (difficulty 7) or Spirit magick hints otherwise.

© Elevators: As discussed in Scene Thirteen, certain
elevators descend from the U.C. Medical Center to
GeneTech Lab. Superiors guard the landing and may note
an elevator's imminent arrival.

GeneTech Laboratories

GeneTech is a strange Realm; it resembles a giant
cavern. Perhaps the Wyld emanations feeding the Realm
have made a more sanitary environment impossible. Doz-
ens of tunnels open from the walls, some spilling water into
a lightless pool below. The Progenitors have added to this

mess, constructing a series of balconies, steel bridges, sus-
pended landings, and ladders. The net effect isa multilayered
ks, neon tubing and

ern's watery floor. The

tangle of cables, wiring, pipes, catw
girders, all suspended above the cav
place resembles some James Bond villain's lair or a mad
doctor's lab (which, of course, it is). The air throbs witha
hum of strange machinery. Every once in a while, a myste-
rious clang echoes off the walls and water.

When characters reach the upper catwalks, they see
the Progenitors' latest experiments. Giant test tubes hang

a
a


from the ceiling, attached to machines by cables and
witing. Bodies in various stages of growth float in amber
fluid, occasionally convulsing. Some of these bodies are
definitely not human.

If the Marauder have attacked, GeneTech Lab is in
tuins. Piping and power cables are severed. Some spray
pressurized water, or thrash and sizzle from live electricity.
Others drip multicolored liquid or emit dazzling sparks —
raw Quintessence! Machines have shored out. Catwalks
tilt precariously. Some cloning tanks have shattered, abort-
ing their contents; undeveloped bodies sprawl in pools of
nutrient fluid like fish out of water. One looks like a young
Dr. Himiitsu. Everything has been smashed, slashed, burned,
and magically warped.

Arriving Free

The primary drama involves infiltrating the lab. Even
after bypassing Superiors and alligator guards, mages must
remain alert. At least one Superior patrols the catwalks at
all times. Every few turns, characters must Sneak. In most
cases, acomplete success avoids detection; however, guards
are more alert after the Marauder attack (five successes
required!). Incautious mages might stumble into a Supe-
rior, Progenitor scientist, or even Dr. Himiitsu.

If our characters have entered though sewers or the
Near Umbra, they must navigate pipes and cables to reach
the lab proper. Assign Climbing and Jumping tests as
appropriate.

Arriving in Chains

Captured mages find themselves imprisoned in empty
clone tanks. These are molded of high-tech Plexiglas,
requiring a Strength Feat of 6 to shatter (assume six soak
dice and six Health Levels for purposes of weapon damage).
Attached tubing usually feeds processed Quintessence into
the tanks; now they drain the prisoner of one Tass per hour
(similar to the Rank Three Prime effect Bond of Blood).
Clone tanks also have the incidental side effect of dampen-
ing magick. Prisoners do not benefit from the Realm's
Sphere modifiers; furthermore, magickal effects are at +2
difficulty. Of course, mages are stripped of foci. The best
chance of escape comes with the Marauder attack; if that
has already occurred, they at least have a great view of
Norna's transformation....

Mages who come to GeneTech Lab by invitation get
to listen to Dr. Himiitsu's monologue as they tour the
facilities. He gladly boasts about Progenitor genius. Prison-
ers are forced to listen to a harsher version of the same

speech.

Lab Staff

At full strength, GeneTech Lab is staffed by half a
dozen Progenitor mages, an apprentice or two, and Dr.
Himiitsu. Merika Seth is an honorary Fellow. At least six
Superiors keep guard. With a week's warning, the Chantry
could rush the development of as many as 20 Superiors
(though these would be akin to Howling Commandos
rather than human beings). Finally, 15 Men in Black have
been temporarily assigned to GeneTech Lab. Busy shadow-
ing the city or engaged in battling the Marauders, they
rarely enter the lab. Reverend Williams also drops by in
more peaceful times to confirm his faith in Cob and the
Technocracy.

After the Marauder attack, the staff thins out signifi-
cantly. Besides Dr. Himiitsu (who was absent), only two
Progenitor mages, Frey and Friia, survived the attack. Half
the Superiors have fallen as well; one guards the elevator
Portal while two patrol the upper catwalks. Dr. Himiitsu,
Merika Seth, and Reverend Williams will all be in the lab
to witness the final transformation.

Superior statistics can be found on p. 282 of the Mage
tulebook. They carry hunting knives and Ruger 10/22 rifles
with scopes. The other characters are described in Appen-
dix One.

Aftermath

Physical exits from GeneTech lab include an elevator-
Portal to the U.C. Medical Center (Scene Thirteen) and a
breach in the Gauntlet leading to Cob's web (Scene Fif-
teen). Disciples of Spirit can easily slip into the Near
Umbra; refer to Scene Five for a geography lesson.

Captured mages seek opportunities to escape; the
Marauder attack outlined in Scene Nine provides one.
Finally, the Progenitors may be ready to go though with
their plan. Norna's transformation occurs in the Conclu-
sion.

Chapter Four 49


Scene Fifteen: Cob's Web

There's a butterfly trapped in a spider's web

That's my soul up there.

— The Police, "King of Pain"

Plot

N This is another scene where the players'
goals can vary tremendously. They may in-
tend to slay Cob, or just witness the damage
firsthand. They may come to offer help, or
perhaps simply to steal Quintessence. De-
pending on the mages' motives and actions,
they could clash with Marauders, pattern
spiders or Wyld Things.

Setting

The mages may reach Cob's lair by dropping in from
GeneTech Lab or crawling though perimeter webbing from
the Near Umbra.

Cob's lair is encased by a thick mesh of Pattern Web.
The sagging cables are tangled and adhesive, complicating
travel though them. A touch sends vibrations along the
web, alerting pattern spiders to intruders. To navigate the
webworks, mages must make extended Dexterity + Athlet-
ics rolls (difficulty 6). A Disciple of Correspondence can
lower this difficulty by one per success on Immediate
Spatial Perceptions. A character who accumulates 10 suc-
cesses reaches the other side. Failure indicates that she
touches a strand, attracting a pattern spider. On a botch,
she becomes tangled.

The strands are extremely tough. Snapping them re-
quires a Strength Feat of 10. Assume the strands have five
soak dice and five Health Levels for purposes of damaging
them with certain weapons (e.g., a shotgun or chainsaw,
but nota staff or even a non-magickal sword). Entropy and
Matter magick are also effective.

Weaver of the Web

Within this mass of webs lies Cob's lair, a vast, open
space with loose webbing strung here and there. An irregu-
larly shaped rift opens in the floor. Over this opening, a web
of thick cables strains against some invisible force. Each
stand quivers with tautness; a few have snapped. The
anchor points crack and split with stress. Pattern spiders
scurry about. A particularly large pattern spider, Cob,
sprawls next to the rift, trying in its weakened condition to
weave two strands together.

50 Loom of Fate

The Umbrood is an impressive sight, even in its weak-
ened state. The gigantic spider-spirit looms over its minions,
its cybernetic skin ripped and rusting in a dozen places. If
the Marauders have staged their attack, Cob moves slug-
gishly, Tass spurting from a huge rent in its abdomen,
Nothing the mages can do will save the dying Umbrood.
Cob is doomed.

A character with two or more ranks in the Spirit
Sphere can talk to Cob, though it is bound to be a bizarre
conversation. Cob is extremely clever and sees though
most lies (Fast Talk faces a difficulty of 8). An honest
approach is more profitable. Even so, Cob is busy trying to
maintain the Pattern Web (though his efforts are futile)
and has little time to talk with flesh-beings. Mages who try
to help (e.g., by Repair rolls or Matter magick) get Cob's
attention. There is little anyone can do; Wyld things undo
the repairs as quickly as they are made.

Cob knows much about the Near Umbra and a little
about the physical world though dreams. Because Cob is
only coincidentally allied with the Technocracy, it may
allow mages to restore Quintessence.

Approaching the rift, one notices multicolored vapors
rising though the mesh. A mage can inhale this gaseous
Quintessence to recharge his Avatar, though its Wyld
origin creates quite a buzz (one fewer die to all actions for
one scene). Below, the Wylderness Node is a swirling mass
of molten ooze. As this primordial soup surges against the
rift's walls, some splashes though the web. The droplets
form Wyld Things. These spirits devour the webbing until
pattern spiders converge upon and immobilize them.

Many thick cables pump Quintessence from the Node
to the Horizon Realm above. These cables provide a means
of reaching GeneTech Lab. The 100-foot climb (difficulty
6) requires an accumulation of 20 successes.

Aftermath

By climbing power cables, mages can reach the Hori-
zon Realm above and enter GeneTech Lab; this setting is
described in Scene Fourteen. Mages who penetrate the
surrounding webbing find themselves in the Near Umbra
(Scene Five).

This is also a good place from which to watch the
transformation of Norna's Avatar into a pattern spider,
This occurs in the Conclusion.


Conclusion: Time to Onwind

In the Conclusion, the mages tie up all the
loose ends or loosen the final bond. In gen-
eral terms, the plot ends in one of two ways.
The first scenario has Norna Weaver under-
going a transformation of body and Avatar,
being reincarnated as a powerful pattern spi-
der. Her efforts stabilize the Pattern Web. In
g the second scenario, mages interfere with the
Technocracy's plans. Norna is safe, but at
what cost to reality?

These are generic endings. Your Troupe's storytelling
will change the details and perhaps put a new spin on
events. What if some martyr offers to take Norna's place?
Optimally, the candidate is a Hollow One with an Avatar
of no less than 4 and a Destiny of no less than 3. To reward
this player's heroic sacrifice, a generous Storyteller might
provide an extra five or 10 freebie points toward the
creation of his next character.

The outline below should help a Storyteller deal with
either event.

Scenario One: Norna Reborn

Farewell now my sister

Up ahead there lies your road

And your conscience walks beside you

It's the best friend you will ever know.

— Dead Can Dance, "Tell Me About the Forest"

Free or bound, the player mages watch as the Progeni-
tors seal Norna in a clone tube and flood it with raw
Quintessence. Dr. Himiitsu works dials, levers, and buttons
on a great machine. Beside him, Merika Seth has typed
"C:\SPIRIT>RUN PROJECT V2.2" into her portable
computer. A silver spider appears on the monitor. As Seth
makes final adjustments to the program, the image flexes
and mutates. Norna contracts in obvious pain, then stretches
as her body strains to grow in all directions.

Systems

This physical transformation is a conjunctional effect
combining Rank Five Prime, Rank Four Spirit and Rank
Five Life effects. Taking all factors into consideration, the
difficulty is only 2! Roll Himiitsu's five dice of Arete
anyway; Is still fail, while 10s allow additional rolls
(Himiitsu's specialty is cloning). Apply one success from
Willpower. If Norna resists, roll her Willpower and sub-
tract the successes. Dr. Himiitsu needs five successes. Norna's

Were we led all that way for
Birth or Death? There was a Birth, certainly,
We had evidence and no doubt. I had seen birth and death,
But had thought they were different; this Birth was
Hard and bitter agony for us, like Death, our death.
—TSS. Eliot, "Journey of the Magi"

spiritual transformation is a Rank Four effect. Follow the
same procedure with Seth's Arete of 4. She must use
Willpower to achieve five successes. This narrative as-

sumes both mages succeed.

Above, in the tank, Norna transforms. Her hands and
feet extend, forming additional joints on longer, more
arachnidian limbs. Four additional limbs sprout from her
torso. Her entire body warps into two distinct segments,
becoming like polished chrome (Norna and her Avatar
retain enough will to assume a more appealing shape than
Cob's). The spider-child grows in mass, soon pressing up
against the glass. Dr. Himiitsu shouts for someone to lower
and open the tank...too late. Fragments of Plexiglas and
precious gallons of Quintessence shower the Progenitors as
Weaver pounces onto a catwalk. Without looking back, it
clambers down the cavern's wall and penetrates the watery
membrane.

In its new lair, Weaver binds the Wylderness. Over
time, it replaces the cablelike Pattern Web with fine, silver
filaments. In the real world, San Francisco restores order.
The power shortages, leaks and tremors stop. The Tech-
nocracy strengthens its presence; GeneTech Lab replaces
damaged machinery, grows more guards, and attracts more
Progenitor mages.

Even if the mages contribute to this success, their
position with the Technocracy remains uncertain. Though
they may have aided Dr. Himiitsu, they know too much and
presenta threat to the order. If the Technomancers survive
the story, the player characters will see them again!

Fates Laughing

The transformation of Norna into Weaver is doubly
ironic. The Technocracy is right; Norna must be sacrificed
for the greater good. In restoring order with Norna's trans-
formed spirit, however, the Technocracy has altered the
Pattern, weakening its own long-term hold on power. By
reworking Cob's web, Weaver will, over time, right the
long-standing imbalance between Dynamism and Stasis.

Although Weaver has become a pattern spider, the
essence of the girl she once was will guide the web she
weaves for San Francisco. Norna knew the value of the
Wyld within the weave, and may work it into her grand
pattern rather than binding it tightly in threads of order.
Norna's rebirth ushers in a new kind of stability for the city,
amore balanced path between Dynamism and Stasis, Wyld
and Weaver. A path to guide the city toward Ascension.

Chapter Four 51

Scenario Two:

The Cataclysm Stirs

"Define bad

"Imagine all of the atoms in your body halting and suddenly
going in reverse at the speed of light."

"Ol

ry, that's bad...

Exchange between Ray and Egon, Ghostbusters

Norna escapes, or is killed. The transforma-
tion fails, or never occurs. Cob looses
cohesion and breaks apart. As if sensing
weakness, the Wylderne
beneath the pattern-web. Then with a loud,

surges and swells

q metallic twang, cables snap
The Wyld strains, the ground trembles, the
Realm shakes...and nothing happens! Dr.

Himiitsu is baffled. This delay should gain

the characters an opportunity to pay back old scores or
escape if they can. The Portals back to Earth will still work,
though they may quickly shift out of space if the Realm is
badly damaged. A running battle may erupt from the Realm
into the sewers or even into the Medical Center, although
Dr. Himiitsu will break off pursuit if it endangers the
Sleepers. The mages will escape, but they have gained

Loom of Fate

52

powerful enemies within the Technocracy and puzzling
questions to answer.

What happened? Better still, what didn't happen? The
Wyld should have burst forth; reality should have unrav-
eled; San Francisco should even now shatter into ruin.
Why does the Web still hold?

The answer may be found at an obscure werewolf
s the Bay, in Mt. Tamalpais State Park. Here,a
group of Garou placate a mysterious spirit of destruction
called the Cataclysm. As an embodiment of destruction,
the Pattern Web asunder before
the Wyld can be set free. This caern is detailed in the
Werewolf supplement Caerns: Places of Power, although
the Storyteller could certainly invent her own caern from

caern acri

scratch.


The werewolves and mages are currently unaware of
the roles that both play in the stability of the region. The
weave of the web and the power of the caern both act to
subdue the Cataclysm and contain the Wyld withina stable
order. Because this destructive spirit, this Wyrm being, is
bound, a necessary piece of the natural order is missing. The
Wyld creates; the Pattern gives it substance; to disrupt the
substance, Entropy still must tear down the Pattern.
Because they know nothing of werewolf lore, the
Technocracy is blind to the existence of the Cataclysm.
They see Order and Chaos as the only two factors at work
istence, thus missing the whole picture. When the

Web strains, but does not break, the Technomancers will
putevery effort into finding this safeguard and exploiting it.
The werewolves, it should be noted, will not be pleased.

Thus, the strands of Fate continue to unwind, even if
Norna Weaver escapes her destiny. The players will want
to know what keeps the Web intact, as will the Technoc-
racy. The Marauders will want to know why the Wyld is
still bound. The straining of the Web and the continued
breakdown of order and stability in San Francisco will raise
the stakes in this race. With Cob dead, the Cataclysm stirs.
If the Web is not rewoven, the tug-of-war between Wyld
and Weaver will awaken the Cataclysm, and the entire
Western Seaboard will suffer for it.

Chapter Four 53


pendix One:

Supporting

Greater numbers might drift through the drama, of course
— thousands in fact — but they could only ever be phantoms,
agents, or, on rare occasions, reflections of the real and self-
willing beings who stood at the center.

Clive Barker, Imajica

This chapter compiles the descriptions of all charac-
ters important to Loom of Fate, grouped by association

Primary Non-Player
Characters

Norna Weaver

Essence: Primordial

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Deviant

Tradition: Hollow One

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 1, Awareness 3, Culture 3, Eti-
quette 2, Expression 4, Intuition 4, Intimidation 1,
ealth 1, Subterfuge 2

Linguistics 2, Medicine 1, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 5, Destiny 5

Spheres: Entropy 3, Time 3

Willpower: 5

Quintessence: 5

Paradox: 3

Background: The daughter of an eminent surgeon,
Norna grew up with all the luxuries money could buy. Her
parents invested in the first early signs of remarkable
intelligence and creativity, encouraging their child prodigy.
Norna mastered Spanish and Latin by the age of eight, and
showed promise in a number of artistic pursuits, though her
morbid imagery concerned her instructors.

Despite her family's wealth, Norna lacked a normal
upbringing. Her mother treated her more like a possession
than a loved one, allowing Norna free expression while
confining her with overprotectiveness. Her father showed
true affection, but the two spent much of their quality time
in the emergency ward and research labs of the U.C
Medical Center. His death left a huge void in her life.

Nornasuffers from two inexplicable phenomena: flashes
of precognition, which too often come true and hint at a
terrible fate that looms before her; and a charmed life
despite the frequent accidents that follow her. She has no
conscious control over her magickal talents and does not
want to consider their implications.

Image: A 15-year-old girl with black hair drawn back
severely from a high forehead. Her eyes are dark and
knowing; those who meet her stare invariably feel defiled,
as if she knows their innermost feelings and thoughts.
Norna tends to dress in bulky skirts, stockings, and soft
shoes — all black

Roleplaying Hints: Continually stare at people, but
rarely speak. What you do say should often be weird and
disturbing. Defy orders with sarcasm and smart-ass com-
ments; if the authority figure fails to cave in easily, comply
with a resentful glance.

Madame Cleo Verthank

Background: Around the turn of the 14th century, an
especially bright star pierced the night sky like a silver
sword. Under this omen, Cleo Verthank was born to a
gypsy couple in a northern region of the Holy Roman
Empire. Her Mentors were gypsy seers, mad hermits, anda
few sorcerers attached to the last great Covenant, Doissetep.
Over the years Verthank has advised many mages, cabals
and Chantries.

Exactly 76 years after her birth, another bright star
hung above the earth. Verthank reflected that this celestial
blade was poised as if to deliver the killing blow. Indeed, the
Mythic Age was in full decline. Yet she had foreseen a time
when, longafter the abandoning of vulgar magick, a Mythic
Renaissance would return in force. So Madame Cleo gath-
ered up her belongings, filled her Life Pattern with
Quintessence, and stepped out of history.

Aftereach giant leap forward in time, Verthank paused
just long enough to battle Paradox and plot her temporal
route. She is presently on an extended layover. Because of

56 Loom of Fate

Madame Cleo

her many temporal leaps, Madame Cleo suffers from a
Paradox Flaw: everyone within 13 feet of her slips though
time more quickly than usual; each minute becomes one
hour.

Aside from her awesome powers of time travel and
divination, Madame Cleo has little magickal talent —
certainly nothing approaching combat ability. Thus, statis:
tics are neither provided nor needed — Verthank is a plot
device, not a foe. As a servant of the Oracles of Time, her
charge is to warn the mages and Norna about their fates.
She is unaware of the Oracles' master plan (they, in fact,
want Norna to survive at any cost), but suspects that the
mages' destiny will affect reality itself.

Image: Madame Cleo is an ancient, heavyset woman.
Her swarthy skin is wrinkled and sagging. Dark pouches
underscore her eyes. She has but two remaining teeth. A
few locks of gray hair protrude from beneath a dirty scarf.
Madame Cleo wears colorful, loose-fitting garb and pounds
of cheap jewelry.

Roleplaying Hints: As often as possible, speak in the
future tense; when this confuses players, repeat in the
correct tense. To get your point across, grab someone's
hand and speak directly into her face. Act eccentric,
cackling for no apparent reason. Become very serious when
discussing fate.


The Technocracy

Dr. Ken Himiitsu

Essence: Pattern
Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Visionary

Convention: Progenitors

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Abilities: Brawl 3, Computer 3, Culture 2, Intimida-
tion 2, Law 1, Leadership 4, Medicine 4, Research 4,
Science 4, Technology 5,

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Influence 3, Node 5

Spheres: Life 5, Prime 4, Matter 4, Mind 1

Willpower: 10

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 14

Paradox: 6 (Because of accumulated Paradox, Himiitsu's
hair grows at a rapid rate. His facial hair is unaffected.)

Background: To Sleepers, Dr. Himiitsu is head of the
U.C. Medical Center and a competent medical scientist,
but nothing more. He is actually a Progenitor mage. The
future of San Francisco rests in his hands.

At work, Dr. Himitsu maintains the guise of popular
friend and colleague. He stops to talk with medical students
and research assistants, and exchange passing pleasantries
with those who imagine they have something important to
do. As he does so, however, Himiitsu continually remem-
bers his duties as head of the Construct. His responsibilities

as director of the U.C. Medical Center pale in comparison
to these other duties.

Himiitsu is not an evil man; he bears a real concern for
the Sleepers, and the impending fate of San Francisco
weights heavily on him. The Technocracy has charged him
with stabilizing the city, and he takes his post seriously. To
accomplish his task, he has recruited Merika Seth, whose
creativity, computer skill and knowledge of Spirit are
critical to success. Support for his task has been minimal;
many among the Technocracy refuse to believe that Cob is
in serious danger.

Dr. Himiitsu learned of Norna Weaver through asso-
ciation with her father, alsoan M.D. at the Medical Center.
Noticing her powerful Avatar, he maneuvered closer to Dr.
Weaver to keep an eye on Norna. He still regrets having to
kill his colleague and will avoid violence if possible. He
can, however, be quite ruthless if need be.

Image: Dr. Ken Himiitsu resembles a sumo wrestler.
He stands over six feet tall and weights half a ton. Each
morning, he shaves his head bald; by the end of the day, his
hair has grown to a half-inch crew cut (a Paradox effect).
When not covered by a lab coat, he wears a steel-gray sports
jacket, which has been custom-tailored to his massive
physique.

Roleplaying Hints: You are clever and charismatic
when you want to be, intimidating and harsh when your
time or temper is short. You tend to overlook trivial details,
but when striving for a goal, your will, endurance and
physical size make you a juggernaut.

Cabal: In mundane guise, Dr. Himiitsu is Director of
the U.C. Medical Center. His real duty lies in heading
GeneTech Lab. Many of the Technomancers do not take
his plan seriously, and he aches to prove them all wrong.

Merika Seth

Essence: Pattern

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Avant-Garde

Tradition: Orphan, trained by and then defecting
from the Virtual Adepts.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 5, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 1

Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 1, Computer 3, Cos-
mology 3, Culture 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Enigmas 2,
Expression 4, Intuition 2, Investigation 1, Leadership 2,
Linguistics 2, Occult 1, Science 2 Streetwise 2, Technol-
ogy 2

Backgrounds: Influence 3, Mentor 2, Talisman 4

Spheres: Correspondence 1, Entropy 3, Forces 4, Mat-
ter 2, Prime 3, Spirit 4
Willpower: 8
Arete: 4
Quintessence: 10

Paradox: 0

Background: Merika's past is vague and will probably
remain so. Her real life began when she discovered that
magick existed. Through a BBS, she found her first Mentor,
a Virtual Adept calling himself Ramses (or RAM). After
gaining all that she could from him, Merika linked up with
the all-powerful Technocracy. Since then, she has taken
every opportunity to achieve power over Sleepers, and
influence among those who really matter — other mages.

Unlike many Virtual Adepts, Merikz
computer geek, or video gamer. She isa skilled programmer
and lives for manipulating computer technology. Merika
either has enough sense to oscillate between real and
virtual reality or is simply too shallow to maintain interest

is not a hacker,

in any one topic for long. She could never be a full-time
mage. Her faddishness had led to a number of mundane
cover occupations, all of them glamorous.

Most recently, she has worked as meteorologist for
KWLEF. Strangely enough, her forecasts have never been
wrong. Unbeknownst to Sleepers and many mages alike,
Merika Seth does not report the weather; she creates it. Her
weather forecast (quite literally "fore cast") workstation is
a sophisticated vehicle for coincidental magick.

Merika Seth is the third Wyrd Sister (or Sister of Fate)
in Loom of Fate. Norna Weaver is a prisoner of destiny.
Madame Cleo Verthank can only report on the possible
course of future events. Merika Seth symbolizes the power
of Free Will over Fate, showing howa seeming observer can

influence her world.

Image: Merika appears to be of Eastern origin; but
whether the Near or Far East is difficult to say. She com-
bines the best features of a half-dozen different racial groups

_—4
lerika Seth

58 Loom of Fate

— smooth, tanned skin; golden brown irises flashing from
almond-shaped eyes; dark, glossy hair worn stylishly short.
Overall, she looks darkly exotic, mysteriously erotic.

Merika dresses in the latest fashions. Strapless blouses
and open-backed dresses reveal ideogram-tattoos stitched
into her back and shoulders. (A roll of Intelligence +
Dream, difficulty 8, reveal these to be the technobabble of
pattern spiders.) She always wears a pyramid-shaped amu-
let (actually a Talisman, see below).

Roleplaying Hints: You are a poor liar, so don't bother
trying. Soften the truth if necessary. During conversation,
look directly at players for a few seconds before speaking in
ahusky whisper. When disapproving, habitually cross arms
lightly across your chest.

You learn the latest gossip on any topic, then lose

interest quickly. Lines of questioning, responsibilities and
current lovers all eventually fall by the wayside, particu-

larly if you have lost control over them.

Cabal: Merika is a traitor among traitors. Turning her
back on Virtual Adepts, she allied with the very power bloc
from which that Tradition first defected — the Technoc-
racy. She works closely with Dr. Himiitsu's Progenitors in
an effort to restore San Francisco's pattern spider. In
exchange for this help, she may draw from the Quintessen-
tial spillover near the Wylderness.

Talisman: Merika wears a pyramid-shaped Talisman
crafted from unknown metal; she refers to it affectionately
as "my personal pyramid power." This charm currently
holds 10 Tass of Quintessence. The first of two potent
effects increases the wearer's healing capacity (Life 3). The
second transforms the entire body intoan extradimensional
alloy, effectively raising Strength and Stamina by one
point per success while decreasing her Dexterity and Ap-
pearance by a like amount (Life 4, Matter 4) This effect is
vulgar in the extreme and lasts for a maximum of one hour.

Reverend John Williams

Essence: Dynamic

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Martyr

Tradition: Celestial Chorus defector

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Computer 1, Cosmology 1,
Culture 4, Drive 1, Enigmas 2, Etiquette 2, Expression 2,
Leadership 2, Linguistics 1, Research 2, Science 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Influence 3
Spheres: Life 2, Prime 2, Spirit 2
Willpower: 5

Arete: 2

Quintessence: 2

Paradox: 2


\

Rev. Williams

Background: John Williams lacked attention as a boy.
se of his small size, team captains literally overlooked
him when picking players for sports. Because of his average
ability in academics, teachers paid him neither praise nor
concern. He was the middle child in a family of seven.
So he threw himself into religion. Not only was he
finally noticed by his pious parents, but he caught the
attention of some One even more significant. Whether
though divine right or hard work, John Williams quickly
rose to the rank of bishop and w:

Beca

ssigned a diocese in San
Francisco. Imagine his pleasure upon discovering that he
was being considered for a higher hierarchy — induction
into the Celestial Chorus! He has served the One faithfully
for 10 years.

Last year, Dr. Himiitsu attempted to transform Will-
iams into a pattern spider. The failed experiment corrupted
his body, broke his mind and warped his Avatar. Now, his
mind slips between the spirit and material worlds. Though
Reverend Williams is still well liked, his associates have
begun to wonder about his sanity.

Image: A small man in his early 50s, with sharp features
and wispy white hair. During ceremonies and in public, he
appears in full clerical dress, from miter to sanctuary slip-
pers. Beneath these vestments is proof of his corruption:
the remnants of Himiitsu's failed experiment. Stiff black
hairs cover his torso and the upper portions of each limb.
Four vestigial arthropod legs spout from his sides, and
dozens of milky, multifaceted eyes cover his chest.

Roleplaying Hints: Usually calm, friendly but firm,
with an air of authority. Panic when things do not go as

planned. You have difficulty making decisions or taking
action by yourself. Therefore, call for "backup" — spirits or

Men in Black — at the least hesitation. Fanatical to begin
with, and brainwashed to boot, you would martyr yourself
for the good of Cob and the messengers of His Word (the
Technocracy). Make frequent pseudo-Biblical references;
when angry, warp these prayers with arachnid imagery.
Cabal: Reverend Williams broke with the Chorus after
his transformation. Now he forms the third major player in
Dr. Himiitsu's bid for control.

Frey and Friia
Essence: Pattern
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Visionary
Convention: Progenitors
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-

risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 2,

Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Athletics 1, Computer 2, Culture 3, Expres-

sion 3, Linguistics 1, Medicine 4, Occult 3, Research 2,

Science 3, Subterfuge 1, Technology 2

Backgrounds: Arcane 1, Destiny 2, Mentor 2

Spheres: Life 2, Mind 2, Prime 2

Willpower: 5

Arete: 2

Quintessence: 0

Paradox: 0

Background: Frey and his sister Friia are obvious twins,
fine specimens of Scandinavian stock: tall and fair, with
long, white-blond hair and pale blue eyes. They claim to be
identical twins, though any geneticist would declare this
impossible. They speak Swedish to one another.


es

These Progenitors are charged with conditioning newly
grown clones. Dedicated to their job, they rarely leave the
lab. Frey and Friia managed to survive the Marauder attack

through their loyalty to one another and nobody else

Progenitor Clones

Dr. Himiitsu's Clone

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Brawl 4, Intimidation 2, Leadership 1, Sub-
terfuge 2

Spheres: None, although this clone was treated with
an experimental process that accelerates regeneration,
equivalent to Rank Three Life magick (roll Stamina in-
stead of Arete).

Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1,
nated

-2, -5, Termi-

Innate Countermagick: All Progenitor clones receive
two dice of countermagick versus magickal attack

Background: This clone physically resembles Dr.
Himiitsu in most respects. Only a close colleague has any
chance of being suspicious (Perception + Intuition [diffi-
culty 8]). Conditioned with Himiitsu's personality and
memories, it knows everything about Project: Reincarnate.
See above for a full description of Dr. Himiits

60 Loom of Fate

Mrs. Weaver Il
Norna's real mother has been replaced by this nearly
identical clone. Since her creation, Mrs. Weaver II has
studied the details of Norna's family. Her knowledge is not
perfect, but good enough to withstand superficial inspec-
tion.
A Rank One Life effect shows that she is in very good
shape, though not unnaturally so. Three such succes
however, indicate that she has never given birth! Mind

es,

magicks are ineffective when probing emotions or surface
thoughts, but a Rank Three probe of the subconscious
reveals her true agenda.

Mrs. Weaver Ile
little prodigy sleeps, she will telephone Dr. Himitsu. Soon,
a black car will arrive

Mutant Alligators

Attributes: Strength 7, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Per-
ception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 5, Stealth 3

Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK (x3), -1 (x4), -3 (x4), Incapaci-
tated

Attack: Bite (difficulty 5; Strength + 3 damage)

Armor: Thick skin adds three dice to soak rolls.

s to put Norna at ease. When the

Innate Countermagick: As Progenitor clones, these
s magickal

alligators receive two dice of countermagick vers
attack.

Mutant Gator


Marauder Cycle Gang

The Marauders

Marauder Cycle Gang
Essence: Dynamic
Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Deviant

Tradition: Marauders

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 1,
Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Abilities: Awareness 3, Brawl 2, Cosmology 3, Dodge 5,
Drive 5, Enigmas 4, Intuition 5, Melee 3, Survival 1,
Technology 1

Backgrounds: Arcane 5, Dream 5

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Spirit 3

Willpower: 3

Arete: 3

Quintessence: 0

Paradox: 0

Background: The tug-of-war between Cob's Pattern
Web and the underlying Wylderness has already snapped
more than one thread of reality. The Gauntlet loosens its
grip on San Francisco.

Taking advantage of this fact, Marauders have slipped
through from the Umbra. They believe that by breaking
down reality, they can create a permanent Portal between.
Earth and the Near Umbra. This possibility provokes them
into declaring all-out war with the Technocracy and Cob.

These Marauders are alien to our reality. They cannot
communicate with Gaia's children and have trouble ad-

justing to the senses humans take for granted. Mostly, they
operate intuitively or by discerning auras.

Image: These Marauders appear as a motorcycle gang.
No two mages or cycles look alike. One fur-clad Marauder
tides a huge, black Harley with a horned skull between the
handlebars (Intelligence + Science, difficulty 6; the skull is
from no earthly beast).

Another guides a sleek, humming cycle. This one
wears a leather space suit with a gas-mask attachment.
Most disturbing is the helmet's slit visor; instead of eyes, an
oscillating crimson laser scans the streets.

A third Marauder brandishes a serrated axe and horned
bow, shouting gibberish from atop a steppe pony. The
mount's plutonium-shod hooves strike blue sparks as it
gallops through the streets. This rider is a composite barbar-
ian from nil-history.

Dirt bikes, three-wheelers, and a W.W.II sidecar bike
are also represented. Each rider wears a full-face helmet and
body-concealing clothing. These Marauders are armed
with a variety of swords.

Roleplaying Hints: The Marauders are unknowable.
Do not attempt to roleplay one of these creatures — it will
ruin their strangeness. When speaking of them, use neutral
terms: "the cyclists," "they," "them," even "it." Never say
"the Marauders" or "he/she."

The Marauders are unpredictable. Sometimes they act
in perfect harmony; other times, their thoughtless violence
is just as likely to injure a comrade as an enemy. Use this
random factor to challenge your troupe without overpow-
ering them.

Cabal: This gang numbers 13 in the beginning and
nine at the end. Through this story, they may appear singly,
in small groups, or all together. Unless your troupe decides
otherwise, their origins remain unknown.

Spiritual Entities
Cob, Ombrood Preceptor

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Culture 1,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 2, Intuition 4, Technology 2

Backgrounds: N/A

Sphe:

s: Correspondence 2, Matter 4, Prime 2

Willpower: Formerly 10, now 4

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 20

Paradox: 0

Health Levels: OK, 0, -1, -2, -3, -4, -5, Disrupted

Background: Cob is a unique pattern spider, conjured
decades ago by the Technocracy and strengthened since
then by the Conventions' magicks. Cob's ties to the city

Appendix 61


Cob the Preceptor

have made it far more powerful than most of its kind, but
the tug-of-war between Wyld and Pattern has also aged and
weakened the spirit. Cob is wise, if single-minded, but
beneath its dedication characters may sense its weariness.

Image: While Reverend Williams refers to Cob in
male gender and Merika considers Cob female, it is an

effectively genderless spirit entity. Cob resembles a mon-

strous, mechanical "arachnoid." From its abdomen grow
eight jointed limbs, each ending in a prehensile gripper.

s, they operate under a system of hydrau-
lics. Fluid leaks from rusted joints, stiffening Cob's
movement.

Its abdomen is elongated and flexible, like a scorpion's
tail, for better manipulation of spinneret. Its metallic skin
is dull black and patterned with rivets. Rust shows in spots,
and other parts seem melted. Bundles of wiring snake
between different body segments, some tangled or cut.
Cob's many eyes glow like television static.

Instead of musc

By the beginning of this story, Cob has lost cohesion
(three fewer dice to all actions). The Marauder raid in
Scene Ten accomplishes its goal; wild magick and a scimi-
tar blade disrupt the weakened spirit.

Pattern Spiders, Ombrood
Minions

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 1

Abilities: Expression 2, Science 5.

Powers: Physical-Spiritual Ties (Spirit 1), Sense Weak-
ness in Reality (Prime 1), Solidify Reality and Calcify
(each Prime 2)
Willpower: 6

62 Loom of Fate

Health Levels: OK, -0, -1, -2, -5, Destroyed
Pattern spiders search the Near Umbra for cracks in
Quintessential reality. Upon finding any, they reweave the
patterns. As a side effect, pattern spiders can create spiri-
tual objects; each magickal success roll gives the object one
Health Level for purposes of durability.

Pattern spiders can also target objects in the material
world. Living creatures, for instance, become sluggish and
rigid, eventually freezing altogether (apparently covered by
a thin layer of calcified stone). This effect resembles the
Rank Two Prime effect Rubbing the Bones. Calcified
victims may still use mental abilities and magick.

Wyld Things, Ombrood Minions
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Abilities: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3
Special Abilities: Shapeshift (Entropy 3), Randomize
(Entropy 2), Warp Matter (Entropy 3), Mutate (Entropy 4),
"Schizo" (Entropy 5).

Willpower: 4

Arete: 5

Health Levels: OK, 0 (x3), -3 (x3), Splattered

Background: Neither solid nor liquid, Wyld Things are
difficult to describe. Somehow they combine the consis-
tency of protoplasm with the quickness of mercury. These
blobs seem about three feet in diameter, though their

shifting nature defies measurement.

As agents of chaos and change, Wyld Things create
random entropic disruption. They may randomize events,
warp inorganic matter (as per "Erode Matter") and mutate
living flesh to cause cancerous growths. This latter effect


causes the loss of four Health Levels per success; it may be
resisted by countermagick and Willpower. Wounds are
considered aggravated.

Wyld Things' most frightening power is the ability
literally to change another's mind. This Entropy effect
randomly alters the victim's Nature. The duration of such
"schizophrenia" depends on the amount of successes rolled
against the target's current Willpower; one day per success,
with semi-permanent changes possible if six or more suc-
cesses are rolled. A botch scrambles the Umbrood's own
mind for a similar amount of time.

Spirit of Dr. Weaver
Dr. Weaver appears asa gaunt man with wildly cropped,
graying hair and beard. His features are faded and tinged
with blue. His voice is soft, sad and somewhat hollow; a
slight delay separates each telepathic sound and the move-
ment of his incorporeal lips.
Dr. Weaver has been dead for just over two years. Like
all lesser spirits, he manifests only where the Gauntlet is 4
or less. His ghost is intangible, immune to physical harm.
Similarly, he cannot interact with the environment. Ig-
nore Physical Attributes and Health Levels, though he
loses one Health Level per turn of manifestation; this is

caused by Paradox. Lacking a larynx, he communicates

directly with others' minds.

Appendix 63


pendix Two:

e

Giff Deck

Earthshaking fire from the center of the earth will cause
tremors around the New City. Two great rocks will war for a

long time, then Arethusa will redden a new river.

This fictitious deck is based on the Major Arcana of a
real Tarot Deck. Storytellers can utilize an actual deck to
play out the fortune-telling scene, corresponding the num-
ber of the real card with the Gift Deck number. "IX. The
Mage," for instance, matches "IX. The Hermit." Real Tarot
cards, regular playing cards, or even die rolls can used for
this reading.

Madame Cleo's card-reading provides background in-
formation, clues, and possible aid that the characters may
later utilize. Each of the cards provides some hint to the
undercurrent of fate that runs throughout the story, and
may give perceptive playersa glimpse at the overall picture.

64 Loom of Fate

— Michel de Nostradamus, 1556

Each card also carries a one-time magickal effect, Madame
Cleo's gift to the mages fated to assist Norna Weaver. At
any point in the story, these cards may be "played" by the
character who receives them, thus giving that charactera
much-needed edge. Whether or not the cards' magick may
be evoked after the events of Loom of Fate is up to you, but
such is not advised.

Performing a Card-Reading

The card-reading in this story uses a simple three-card
spread, suitable for a large group of players. You can always


invent variations (such as altered meaning for flipped
cards) or adopt real Tarot-reading techniques.

First, have the querent (the subject of the reading)
shuffle and cut the deck. Then take the deck and fan it out.
The querent chooses three cards, one ata time, with her left
hand, laying them down on the table from left to right.

The first card represents the inquirer's past; the
ond, her present condition; and the third, one of her
possible futures. Cross-reference the specific card with its
description below. Read off the appropriate interpretation,
which varies depending on the card's position — past,
present or future. (Note that in this story, the cards do not
necessarily apply to individual characters; they may actu-
ally reflect a collective fate.)

Have the player mage retain the "Present" card (see
Format below for an explanation). Return the others to the
deck. Repeat the entire process for each character who
participates.

If the Storyteller either does not have or does not want
to use a Tarot deck, the following systems can substitute:

© A deck of playing cards; Ace to 10 of Hearts repre-
sent Cards I to X, Ace to 10 of Spades represent XI to XX,
and the Joker fills in for XI.

© Die rolls may serve as well; two dice are rolled and the
results are added together. Rolla third die, and if the result
isa 1 ora 2, the Gaia card is drawn.

Format

Descriptions of each card follow a set format. This
format and a brief explanation are outlined below.

Image: The card itself.

Meaning: Each card has a specific meaning, reference,
and symbolism — again, identical toa standard Tarot deck.
This explanation will help you use the Gift Deck in other
stories.

Past: Only if this card turns up in the "Past" position
should you read aloud the interpretation. Following this
quote are notes to identify the reference. This usually
reveals something of the story's background.

Present: If this card appears in the "Present" position,
read aloud the interpretation. This refers to the querent's
role in the story. He should keep this card, and may notice
(Intelligence + Awareness; difficulty 4) that it is en-
chanted. At any point in the story, a mage can play his card
and reap the benefits described. The card disappears as soon
as it is played, and cannot be used again. All increases to
Spheres last only one scene, but may temporarily exceed
Arete.

Future: Read the interpretation aloud if this card turns
up in the "Future" position. Because players are notoriously
unpredictable, the notes provide a number of possible
references. A Storyteller should manipulate events to ful-
fill the prophesy in some manner—and then draw attention
to this fact.

The Cards
I. The Sleeper

Image: Top view of a bed, sleeper within.

Meaning: Refers to the querent's destiny. More spe-
cifically, it

applies to the human half of a mage, his Nature.

Past: "You were once a somnambulist, a sleepwalker.
Now Awake to reality, you can never regain that inno-
cence." This reminds the mage of his mortal heritage.

Present: "With knowledge comes power. With power
comes responsibility." During this story, the character acts
as though he were a Caretaker in addition to his normal
Nature. Thus he regains Willpower in two ways. At the
story's conclusion, the character may permanently switch
to this Nature, if he wishes.

Future: "Ties to the mundane world prove too strong;
with this millstone around your neck, you may drown in a
stream of fate." This could refer to the character sacrificing
Norna to maintain reality. Alternately, you could intro-
duce a Sleeper acquaintance into the story; when she gets
into trouble, the mage risks all to save her.

Il. The Pure One

Image: A glowing white humanoid set against a starry
background.

Meaning: Refers to a mortal's soul, the mage's Avatar.
It describes the Essence of enlightenment.

Past: "In a previous life you visited this place to bask
in the primordial springs. This was when change was
healthy." This refers to the mage's Avatar, which has seen
the Wylderness before its stagnation.

Present: "The Pure One seems to stare back at you,
does it not? As if trying to explain its wishes. Adopt
compatible goals, for two wills are better then one." During
this story, the mage regains Willpower by conforming to
Essence as well as Nature. Dynamic Avatars reward those
who effect change on individuals or society. Avatars of
Pattern reward those who maintain the status quo or
reinforce patterns. Primordial Avatars reward those who
overcomes personal problems, such as a fear, prejudice or
flaw of Nature. Questing Avatars reward explorers of strange
tangents and imaginative goals.

Future: "Conflict is the essence of any meeting be-
tween Pattern and Dynamism. A change will lead to
stagnation; stability will cause great chaos." This means: If
Norna Weaver and her Avatar are transformed into a
pattern spider, the structure of reality will remain intact;
her safety could result in the unraveling of reality.

Appendix 65


Ill. The Wyld

Image: A swirling, psychedelic mass, gold predomi-
nating.

Meaning: Initiative and action, especially as brought
about through the Sphere of Prime.

Past: "Fantastic beasts once roamed a coastal
Wylderness. Civilization has driven them all into extinc-
tion." Self-explanatory.

Present: "At present, your life pattern is strongly
woven into the fabric of reality. Your heartbeat echoes the
power of the Dragon."

When played, this card grants an extra Sphere of Prime
for that scene.

Future: "The unknowable return when you least ex-
pect. Though wild at heart and weird on top, they have a
method to their madness." This speaks of the Marauder
attacks, and hints at their plans for Norna (see Scenes Eight
and Ten).

IV. The Weaver

Image: A spider hanging from a silver thread.

Meaning: The Weaver symbolizes stability and will-
power.

Past: "The hunter sat in the shadow of civilization,
crafting its mesh. The work finished, it flung the net over
wild beasts." This refers to Cob and its binding of the
Wyldemess.

Present: "Remember Penelope and Odysseus of Ithaca.
She fended off suitors for 10 long years by weaving, unrav-
elingand reweavingasingle cloth. He persevered throughout
a perilous voyage to return home to his wife. Both accom-
plished their goals through patience and determination."
By playing this card, the mage regains all lost Willpower.

Future: "You shall confront one who controls the
uncontrollable. Butremember that even the best-laid plans
can go awry." This can refer to Dr. Himiitsu (with his
genetic manipulation) or Merika Seth (and her weather
control).

V. The Faerie

Image: A pixie sitting cross-legged on a mushroom.

Meaning: Inspiration, imagination, enlightenment,
Arete.

Past: "Careful plans failed before the arrival of a young
spitit—a source of inspiration." This refers to Dr. Himiitsu's
failures before noticing Norna Weaver's powerful Avatar.

Present: "You are the seeker and the finder, a master
of inductive reasoning and sudden realization. When all
seems lost, wait for inspiration." When the mage plays this
card, he gains one point of Arete for a single scene and
temporarily escapes the need for one focus (his choice).

Future: "I see a bridge to other places, other times. In
this place, people feed off the imagination of others, yet are

66 Loom of Fate

drained of their own creativity." This could refer to an art
gallery or museum, which you may add to the story.

VI. The Kindred

Image: Two pale figures locked in an embrace, against
a green background.

Meaning: Passion and the Sphere of Life.

Past: "The giver of false life has raised soulless husks.
These hollow men have chased a Hollow One. These living
dead have brought death to life. The blood on this card is
still warm." This card links Men in Black with Dr. Himiitsu
and hints at the death of Norna's mother.

Present: "Within your body, the four humors are in
perfect moderation. Therefore, you empathize with others
more easily, and

can recognize their own imbalance." This card in-
creases the

Sphere of Life by one rank.

Future: "Be wary of the womb of man, the spawning
ground of false life. Here your emotions will be sorely
tested." This refers to the U.C. Medical Center and
GeneTech Lab below (Scenes Thirteen and Fourteen,
respectively). At the story's climax, mages must choose
between Norna and maintaining reality.

VIL The Node

Image: Standing stones against a blue skyline.

Meaning: Triumph, protection by Providence. Nodes
are often equated with mystic bridges, and therefore with
the Sphere of Correspondence.

Past: "Workings on one level always affect results on
another. The ebb and flow of the life-force draw from the
will of the lives around it, and they draw from it in return."
This relates to the push-and-pull between Dynamism and
Pattern that forms the Quintessential nature of San Fran-
cisco.

Present: "All things are strung together by threads of
cause and effect, sometimes invisible. Pull one and watch
the corresponding connections unravel." By playing this
card, the mage gains one rank in the Sphere of Correspon-
dence.

Future: "Conflict centers upon a single point. Control
of this Node determines who triumphs." The Node to
which the card refers is the Wylderness.

VIIL Justice

Image: Its allegory, a woman with scales and a sword.

Meaning: Justice.

Past: "This time-stream was channeled by the imposi-
tion of law over freedom — the spread of a jurisdiction
which was neither impartial nor balanced." This refers to
the Technocracy's hold over the Wylderness.

Present: "When randomness is removed and impar-
tiality introduced, one's abilities become the true measure."

A mage who plays this card removes a level of chance from
that scene. This enhances the automatic success rule.
Rather than a marginal success, he receives one full success
for each die in the Dice Pool equal to or higher than the
difficulty.

Future: "Destiny will be decided in a pinnacle of joint
law. A tribunal will pass judgment on one, and thus many,
but bring justice to none." This passage refers to the
Symposium that the Technocracy will hold in the Union
Law Office (Scene Nine). There Dr. Himiitsu will gain his
colleagues' approval to transform Norna Weaver.

IX. The Mage

Image: A gray-robed old man with staff and lantern.

Meaning: Wisdom, prudence, the Sphere of Mind.

Past: "This city was founded by learned men. These
men has a mission, to teach those they deemed ignorant.
Sadly, their study of this region helped define it." This
refers to the foundation of San Francisco.

Present: "Like the mage, your knowledge is your
power. Outthink your enemies. Better yet, second-guess
them." This card increases the Sphere of Mind by one rank.

Future: "In a place of study and research will you find
the answers you seek." This could refer to the U.C. Medical
Center (Scene Thirteen) or GeneTech Lab (Scene Four-
teen).

X. The Wheel of Fortune

Image: A purple wheel. The three women hanging
from the spokes represent the Norns (or Fates).

Meaning: Destiny, karma, fate. These subjects are
intimately linked to the Sphere of Time.

Past: "Your destiny is determined in another time and
place, but fulfilled in the material world." This refers to how
Quintessence shapes — and is shaped by — human life and
perception.

Present: "Your destiny is interwoven with that of
others on a vast Loom of Fate. Should you become en-
tangled, only a quick snip will separate you; by tugging
away, you might unravel the fabric." By playing this card,
the mage gains one rank in the Sphere of Time.

Future: "Beware the Agents of Fortune, masters of the
Dynamic." This refers to the Marauder attack in Scene
Eight.

XI. Force

Image: An orange lightning bolt.

Meaning: Strength, force.

Past: "Two great rocks have warred fora long time. But
primordial forces wear down static pattern." This refers to
conflict between the Wylderness and Cob's web.

Present: "Feel the almost-imperceptible tremors be-
neath your feet; sense the lightning in the air. They portend

atime of violent change. Base your actions on these signs."
This card increases Forces by one rank.

Future: "This card recalls the prophesies of
Nostradamus: ‘Earthshaking fires from the center of the
earth will cause tremors around the New City."" One
possible future, in which Norna survives, could find San
Francisco destroyed by earthquake, fire and riot.

XII. The Haunt

Image: A white ghost rising from a body.

Meaning: Sacrifice, ordeal.

Past: "In the recent past, one mage suffered an ordeal
that sacrificed his soul; in the near future, another will be
subjected toa similar ordeal, a similar sacrifice." This refers
to the failed transformation of Reverend Williams and the
proposed attempt on Norna Weaver.

Present: "You can see through the shadow separating
idea from reality." When played, this card increases the
mage's Sphere of Spirit by one rank.

Future: "Be wary of spirits that cross between worlds,
however familiar they may seem. Your future is filled with
great sacrifice." The first line refers to either the ghost of
Norna's father (appearing in Scene Seven) or other spirits.
The second refers once again to the story's climax.

XIIL Death

Image: The Grim Reaper, decapitating a man with his
scythe.

Meaning: Death

Past: "One mortal discovered the secret of life; his
reward was death." This refers to Dr. Weaver's death at the
hands of Dr. Himiitsu after learning of Project: Reincar-
nate.

Present: "It is not yet your time to die. Still, do not
tempt Death." When played, this card restores all the
mage's Health Levels.

Future: "I see the dead laid out in orderly rows, as if a
formation of soldiers had been struck by a sudden plague.
Avoid this place, lest you join them." This refers to Lincoln
Cemetery (Scene Seven).

XIV. The Talisman

Image: Some sort of bizarre device.

Meaning: Temperance, economy, moderation. The
Sphere of Matter.

Past: "In the past, a humble seer had images drawn so
all could see their future." This refers to Madame Cleo's
Gift Deck, a minor Talisman created by a fellow mage at
Doissetep.

Present: "You are a tool in another's hand. Seek
moderation between the worker and his work." This card
raises the mage's Sphere of Matter by one rank.

Future: "A talisman lies within your grasp." This hints
at the enchanted nature of the Gift Deck.

Appendix 67

XV. The Wyrm

Image: A black snake or dragon.

Meaning: Disease, great strength. Refers toacharacter's
attributes.

Past: "Your enemy fell from grace and was bound by
chains of material folly. Yet this thrall became Master.
Otherwise formidable, its weakness lay in a lack of spiritu-
ality." By referring to the Technocracy's rise to power,
these lines identify the mages' enemy.

Present: "As Sword of Vengeance, you must fight the
many evils of this world. Strike quickly, strongly and
relentlessly." When played, this card raises one of the
mage's Attributes to 5 for a single scene.

Future: "You will come to a prison where the First
Horseman suffers continual torture. The jailer even now
does battle with the Fourth." These lines refer to the U.C.
Medical Center (where disease is combated), and to Dr.
Himiitsu (a Master of Life). Scene Thirteen describes this
setting.

XVI. The Dark Tower

Image; A crumbling, black tower.

Meaning: Ruin, deception. The Sphere of Entropy.

Past: "After much strife, one army triumphed. A
multitude of towers became prison to the vanquished, who
were soon forgotten." San Francisco imprisoned the
Wylderness. Most Technomancers are ignorant of its exist-
ence.

Present: "You are like Nidhogg, the dragon gnawing
on the roots of the World Tree Yggdrasil. Hidden from
sight, you topple the greatest of structures." This card
supplies one rank in the Sphere of Entropy.

Future: "Unforeseen disaster lies hidden upon high.
Destruction of the human mind awaits those who pridefully
penetrate the sacred mysteries." The first line may refer to
Coit Tower on Telegraph Hill (Scene Eleven), or the
Union Law Office (Scene Nine). The second indicates a
bout of Quiet, referred to in the introduction to Chapter
Four.

XVII. The Spheres

Image: Nine spheres; blue (Correspondence), purple
(Time), red-orange (Force), green (Life), gray (Mind),
silver-white (Spirit), gold (Prime), black (Entropy), and
brown (Matter).

Meaning: Hope, faith, truth revealed. The magick of
Spheres.

Past: "Just as heavenly bodies move perpetually across
the sky, grand plans and weighty magicks were recently set
in motion; they may be nigh impossible to stop." This refers
to the designs of Dr. Himiitsu and the Technocracy.

Present: "Though out of your depth, you may still
succeed by trusting in greater powers." When played, this

68 Loom of Fate

card subtracts one from the difficulty of all magick tests for
‘one scene.

Future: "Someone will soon trust the traitor. Another
will betray the believer. But this betrayal will lead to hope
renewed." Both Reverend Williams and Merika Seth are
traitors to their calling. Norna's trust in Williams and the
clone of her mother both lead to her betrayal. Still, if she
embraces her fate at the end of the story, Norna becomes a
vehicle of hope for the entire city.

XVIIL The Garou

Image: A man and a wolf, both howling at the moon.

Meaning: Danger, false friends. A person's demeanor.

Past: "I have seen a wolf in shepherd's clothing. He
planned to lead a member of his flock to slaughter." This
refers to Reverend Williams and his attempted abduction
of Norna.

Present: "You seem to get under everyone's skin, and
see the nature of the beast within." From now until the end
of the story, the mage can detect another's inner Nature
witha Wits + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 7). By changing his
own Demeanor to match, he can better relate; lower the
difficulty of Social rolls by the number of successes at-
tained.

Future: "Danger lurks in the most unlikely places. A
false friend will prove one's downfall." This could refer to
a number of things: Dr. Himiitsu's overtures of friendship
(Scene Eleven); the character's sacrifice of Norna Weaver;
or some other false friend. It could also refer to the Garou
caern that safeguards the Cataclysm.

XIX. The Mummy

Image: A mummy before a pyramid, sun above.

Meaning: Marriage, happiness, wealth, those Back-
grounds that tie a mage to the mundane world.

Past: "Arranged by Fate herself, two parties entered
into a marriage of convenience. Both prospered." This
refers to Cob and the Technomancers.

Present: "Though many travel toward a similar desti-
nation, you must serve as guide." Once dealt this card, the
mage immediately gains Destiny 1 (or raises an already
existing Destiny by 1). This lasts until he fulfills his fate by
the story's conclusion.

Future: "An old acquaintance, long forgotten, will
return to aid you. A new friend, recently recognized, will
propose a happy union." The Storyteller is on his own with
this one. She should introduce a significant non-player
character into the story — perhaps an Ally, Mentor, of
mundane relation. The second line could refer to a rela
tionship or business deal, or to a sudden savior mage from
the House of Quodosch. Again, the exact meaning lies
within the Storyteller's domain.


XX. The Ascension

Image: Butterfly leaving a cocoon, caterpillar nearby.
Ascension.

Past: "One has undergone a transformation, a change
for the worse imperiling the evolution of his soul." This
refers to Reverend Williams' corruption.

Present: "This card mirrors your soul. Listen to that
inner voice for guidance, for enlightenment." Sometime
after the card-reading, the mage's Avatar contacts him.
Even if the mage lacks enough experience to raise Arete,
the Seeking can begin immediately. There are two hitches,
however. First, each Avatar has its own agenda: Dynamic
Avatars hope to release the Wylderness; Avatars of Pattern
Essence try to protect Cob and its Pattern Web; Primordial
Avatars want Norna to survive at all costs; Questing
Avatars insist upon watching and learning rather than
taking action. Second, the Seeking must continue into
other stories until the mage reaches further enlightenment.

Future: "The future holds great change, for an indi-
vidual as well as the world. The nature of this transformation
is unclear." This could refer to Norna Weaver, the unrav-
eling of reality in San Francisco, or even the Ascension to
which Weaver may guide San Francisco.

XXI. Gaia

Image: The globe; other planets revolve around it.
harmony, attainment. Quintes-

sence.

Past: "Mystic beings were once attracted to the
Wylderness, like bees buzzing about a garden, like wolves
circling prey, like ravens wheeling above carrion." This
describes the Wylderness before being smothered by the
Technocrats.

Present: "This card represents a portion of the horde
which lies buried beneath the ground, guarded by a many-
headed hydra. You are charged with its recovery." This card
stores five Quintessence, which the mage can use at any
time.

Future: "Through harmony shall you attain success."
Is this the harmony of Ascension, the Path that Weaver
may follow if Norna embraces her fate? Or is it the spirit of
cooperation between the players, which might lead them
to succeed? Perhaps the success here refers to Free Will, the
untying of the binding threads of destiny.

Appendix 69


NV300

be) Eke) |

WE
OOSISNVYS
NYS

a0aIu@ 315 N3q109


5
Feet

el

LIVING i
LINING BEDROOM BATH

ANAWLYVdV SNINOSHDISN

LNSWLYVdY
SNINOSHSIAN

KITCHEN DINING ROOM Seth's Apartment


Free Will or Fate?

The future of San Francisco hangs by a thread,
The thread of Cob, weaver of the Pattern Web.
One scared, gifted girl holds the key to the city,
The Technocracy wants her alive,
The Marauders want her dead,
And the role of mages who befriend her
May be foretold by cards in the hands of destiny.

Loom of Fate is a story for Mage: the Ascension, and
includes:

© Details about San Francisco, a city torn between

Pattern and Wyld.
e A unique storytelling format.

e A glimpse of fate and free will in the World of
Darkness.

} 4098 STONEGATE IND. BLVD,
* STONE MTN., GA 30083

ISBN 1-56504-082-1
WW 4002 $10.00

il

0°99
