# File: Mafia.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

WORLD OF DARKNESS

esd eg a

Y —

AN ORGANIZED CRIME SOURCEBOOK FOR THE WorLD OF DARKNESS®

W

IN

h( | |
/ |
/
i '
/
\
|

By Ari Marmell, Matthew McFarland

andC. A. Suleiman

Vo vow ov ye.

ORLD OF DARKNESS: |

‘TABLE OF CONTENTS

1


e
Crenits
| Written by: Ari Marmell, Matthew McFarland and C.A.
Suleiman. World of Darkness created by Mark Rein® Hagen
Fiction by: Ed Hall
| Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein® Hagen
: Developed by: Justin Achilli
| ~=——Editor: Ed Hall
| Art Director: Richard Thomas
Layout & Graphic Design: Kieran Yanner
Interior Art: Andy Trabbold, Mike Danza, Kirk Van Wormer
and Kieran Yanner
Front Cover Art: Mike Danza
Back Cover Art: Kirk Van Wormer
y
© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is F .
ame forbidden, except for ee purposes of ee and for 7 2 lee 1564 Liton Drive
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use 3 Se? ‘i
only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire Dw ad Stone Mountain, Gi 30083
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, TSA
World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of WHITE WOLF
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the PUBLISHING
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, and World of Darkness
Mafia are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text
herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion
is advised.
i For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
| http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE U.S.A.
5

ad
2 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA


TableofContents

SoLILoauy

Inrropuction: Tris THING oF Ours
CHAPTER ONE: A DistincuisHED History

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WoRLD oF DARKNESS
CHAPTERTHREE: CHARACTER CREATION
CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND Lies
CHAPTERFIVE: STORYTELLING

OssrouiEs

VV OW Vv HV ov

10
14

4
86
104
121

‘TABLE OF CONTENTS

=
3


@

ee a
4

Soliloquy

by Ed Hall

What a world this is. What a cruel, godless garden of
miseries tt ls we Live in. Cristina, Cristina, you can't die on me this
way. There'd only be one of us Left. Chis ts unfair! Gon were
never anything but good, but it's like life was good to you just so
you'd know how awful ashes taste.

D don't know tf you can hear ine. "Che doctors, they told me
to tath to you, that a familiar voice might bring you out of this...
this sleep that's s0 close to death..SoD'm speaking to you now the
way you asked me to the Last time we saw each other. D remember
the first words you said to me that day, after so many years. Asif
D could forget them! Upou said, This ts America Emilio: Speak
English to me.

Then you said, (Just don't expect me to say anything back.

That was right before you called me a killer. My brother is
a killer, a thief and awhoremaster. Those were your exact words.
The words that hurt me worse than when D got shot, worse than
the times D got stabbed. ou cut odt my heart that day. Gowent
i ont and never knew! Upon never understood why 0 did the things
D had to 20.

Ddidit all to keep my family alive. And the only thanks you
ever gave me was to cut me apart, to tell me that the one brother
you had lege in the world was dead to you, Upon made me feel like
D had invented cruelty itself, like my soul had withered away.

DU tell you where we alt would be if D hadn't Led this lige
of mine. Dn the ground with Mama and Papa, that's where! "ou,
me, Pietro, all dead, att Long dead!

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

e ee
¢,. would have been quicker that way. Maybe they
would've been better, too. Ds that what you thought? Did you think
that if we hadn't lived, all the people who suffered, who died of
want, 312 you think thelr Lives would have been better somehow? Ov
Longer? Life doesn't work that way. Life is struggle, Life ts hard,
no matters what you 20. Why couldn'é you see that? Why couldn'é
Papa'see that? People who don't fight hard enough in this Life
become stepping-stone for the ones ho 20, People who never
figure ont which ave the right $riends to have sink out of sight.
Papa never Learned these Lessons. "But Dnew he wouldn't, and
that's why D Left when D212. What was hard for me wasn ‘¢ being
away from Mama or Papas Or Pietro. Dt was leaving you
behind. Leaving you was Like Leaving me, Like my body Left home
and my soul stayed there.
All D knew for sure the night D ran away was if O stayed,
the' only good that was ahead was us getting to die together,
D never told anyone before, but the first decent night's sleep

D can remember was that night DO van away. OD hated that house.

Dt was always cold, and the spiders! Spiders ave the Devil's
fingers, D'm certain of it. Most nights tn that house 9) wake up
two or three times, sure that something had been crawling on mein
the dark. Nights D managed to sleep through, OD used to dream
that a fat spider was dvopping down toward my face.

That first night O should have been terrified. O slept ina
barn D had never seen just because it had a solid roof. Not Like the
one we had. The wav hadn't been over Long then, so Lots of places

were deserted. A Lot of the farmhouses were just Wrecks, though,
$0 D slept in barns like that one while D headed south to find
someplace warmer than home.

DI wound up in Sicilia because D made a friend in Naples.
A good friend he turned out to be, a man named Lucania. And he
was the vight friend to make. He told me to goto Stetly and
mention his name to a man there,

He did the same for the Americans. When the Allies Landed
there in "43, the English and the Canadians died by the thousands.
The Americans took a different route, though, and barely had to
fire a shot. Thanks to Aucanta, the Sicilians knew they were
coming. When people saw that the Americans' tanks had banners
with a big "A" in gold, the isLanders knew these soldiers were just
passing through on their way to hand Mussolini his ass. And that
made them very friendly. While the vest of Dtaly was falling in
step with Dt Duce, the Sicilians were telling him to go bite his
own sump. He didn't like that. He tried to wipe out all those old
bandits hiding in the hills there, You know who won that battle.
Aucania knew how tt would end, too, so he wanted to be a frtend
of the United States. A patriot. An ally. He. _inderstoadthe
importance of friends. By being a good friend, he was able to
convince the Americans to let him ont of-peison after the war and
send him home. To Naples, anyway. Close. enough to home, And
that's where D met him.

How D met Lucania, that was a thing in itself.

Every— is someone there? Nurse?

Everybody was hungry after the war. Even so, a Lone child at
the door at sunset held the key to most people's hearts back then.
This D learned by accident. D traveled by day, asked farmers for
water and got food. Late one afternoon it turned cool, so when DO
sa a farmhouse D wathed up and asked ig D could warm myselh
in their barn. Che couple who Lived there Looked at each other,.and

for a moment OD thought D had madre them-angry, Then the

woman put her hands on my hace and pulled me to her. D didn't
vealize she was crying until her tears began to fall on my cheek.
At first D thought that their roof must Leak the way ours 213!
They fed me. They gave me anooercoat that was too big and
too warm hor the season. D knew OD need tt on the voad, though.
Even then, D knew O couldn't stay with those people. They
veminded me too much of Mama and Papa. Not because they were
‘hind, but because they also seemed beaten, Defeated. Somewhere
else, D knew, was a place not made of Loss. OD just had to find tt.
The farmer and hisswife offered me a bed to sleep in that
night. D accepted because O didn't want to offend them. Before
they could enter their own bedroom, though, OD was out the window

aiid headed back to the road.

And there, in the farmer's yard, Dlearned that our father did

< not hold albthe truths in the world. When O would awaken

sevtaming from fear of spiders in the dark but ashamed to admit

it, our father often said to me, What brightens you, boy? Always
Dwould say, A ghost, Papa. And he told me, Do not fear ghosts,
child, they mean us no harm. Chey ave merely Lost and need to be
helped along their way.

Get there, in my path, stood a boy — or the shape of a boy
—a little taller than D was. But he wasn't all there. D could
see through him to the trees at the roadside. Right before me stood
a ghost. D thought of Papa's words, and O tried to step around
him but again he blocked my way. O felt a scream inside me, but
D didn't want to bring the farmer and his wife running. O decided
D had to walk through this phantom, but when D tried D became
even more frightened!

The ghost seemed angry then. He opened his hand toward
me, My first thought was that OD should pay him bor what fo0dD'd
catewat the farmhouse — but D couldn't imagine what use a ghost
could have for money, which OD was without, anyway. D looked
down abmy empty hands, then at this angry soul between me and
the voad. And then D knew. D looked down again, not at my hands
but at the cuffs of the coat that almost hid them. The coat had
been his when he Lived, D was sure. D took it off and let it fall

© behind me. D watched the ghost the whole time. As the coat fell on

+

the ground, the dead boy moved out of my way.

D took a few steps straight ahead, but with each one my fear
heated into something else. What did he need a coat for? De
couldn't warm him, D figured. D turned and saw he was sitting
on the coat. D van back and snatched tt up with one hand, then D
turned again and van or the road. D held the coat up high, like
a flag. Behind me, D heard a sound like nothing else ever, OD
thought the Devit himself was behind me and if slowed down at
all or even turned to Look, he would swallow me whole! D don't
remember whenO stopped running, but once D210 D had no wind
in me at all. D dvopped to my hands and knees inthe middle of the
oad. D could bavely see the farmhouse in the distance, and there
was no sign of the dead boy at all. D don't know how Long D stayed
there, but when D thought about sleeping, D knew D wouldn't be
doing any that night. Se O walked.

D didn' vest until almost daybreak. O vemember thinking
right before dawn how comfortable the plat rock in front of me
looked. Then D was falling asleep on top of it.

Dé must have been midday when D woke up with an American
soldier standing over me. Lhe sun was behindhis head, so O

couldn' see his face and O was afraid. Ghe man wanted me to
come with him. 2D did because Dwas sick of watking, and9 saw

» there was another American in a teuck. D climbed inside it with

them. O fell asleep again. And at nightfall, again the soldier
woke me up.

They had brought me to a depot filled with childven, Ot
looked like a prison to me, even though some of the boys were
playing ball in the yavd. OD stayed there for exactly three days,
three of the worst days of my Like. Lhey moved me from place

PROLOGUE:SOLILOQUE

|
|
|


WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

to place, asked We questions that made no sense, took away my
clothes, covered me with white powder, washed me, gave me new
clothes, took them back, veturned the old clothes.... D hated
that place.

And then they asked me where D was trying to go and d0 DO
know if my family was alive.

And D knew that this was my ticket. They thought D might
be some kind of orphan! They showed me a map. D pointed ata
place onthe coast, south but not too far south. D vemember/Mama
always saying how Southerners ate with their hands, that they
used forks for back-scratchers. Chat was how O chose Napoli.

Naples was nothing like O imagined it would be. There
were Americans all over, including at the camp for "displaced
persons" they put mein. They made my picture and posted lt near
the gates. The idea was that while D waited my turn to be taken
in search of my family, maybe they would come there and see my
face. D knew D would be as old as Papa before that happened.

My first night there D escaped.

Chey werent trying hard to keep the kids inside, after all.
With the Americans everywhere, though, the trick was in not
getting brought back. DYDD would have to keep moving. D
knew it was time to find some money.

The next morning, D looked for someone with move money
than he needed. D found him sitting outside at a cage. As soon as
D saw him, D knew he was what D had been Looking for. He sat
there in this cream-colored suit Like he was king, just watching the
world turn. The way he Looked at everybody around him said, D
could stop the world from turning iff D wanted to. O felt bad that
D would have to steal from him. But D knew D could do it.

D ioatched him from an alley across the street, He dvank
coffee and smoked cigarettes, but he never got up. "Che sun got
higher, and he took off his suit coat, He dvaped it over the back
of another chatr, Finally, he stood up and walked inside the café.
That was when D crossed the strect..D maved between the tables
to his and Let my hip catch his coat, which the man had lege behind.
De fell and O grabbed it before it could hit the ground. While D
was bent over, my coat hung open and hid my hands. D searched all
his pockets fast, but there was no money. O put his coat back as
tt had been and started to wath away. And out of the corner of my
eye, D saw the man watching me from inside the cape.

He called out to me. Kid, he said, you Looking for this? He
held up a bank note that was worth more than all the money D had
ever seen pass through Papa's hands. D went to him, and he said,
That's what D thought.

He asked me my name. D told him, and he told me to call him
My. Aucky. He asked me if D wanted a job. D said, Yes. He put
the bank note on the bar and wrote something on it. "Chen he folded
itup. He stuck out his hand to the man behind the bar, and the man


handed him another bank note. He held up a note in each hand and
said, The ferry to, Sicily leaves in an hour, Be on it. This will
Pay your way.

He handed me the unfolded bank note, and then he just sat
there, D asked:him what he was watting for and he said, D was
waiting to see if you'd ¥un away with the money. guess you really
20 want a job. Then he said, When you get to Palermo, ask

anybody where to find Don Oiazini, He held out the folded note
and said, Give him this and tell him Myr. Aucky sent you.

And that washow Lucky Auctano answered my prayers.

‘Thanks to him, D was able to send money home to keep you
and Mamaand Papa and Pietro fed. Alive. O bet you never
wondered how Papa kept turning a profit on sugar beets while the
price fell through the floor. By the time D was eighteen, theywere
growing beets on the moon! ou couldn't gloe them away! Papa
21dn'¢ tell you, though. Papa didn't tell anybody, excepe'Pigero.
He told Pietro everything, and still our brother turned out to be
4 fool.

Pietro came to Sicily once, andd0youknow why? Co preach
communism! What was he thinking? This was early in the
Fifties, and the Sicilians had been killing Communists for
years by then! O heard from another of the Jon's Lieutenants that
some Northerner was asking about me at the docks. D took some
men with me to see what was going on, and O found our brother
talking Marxist trash to stevedores. Ohad the men with me go
smack him in the mouth and bring him to me. ‘Pietvo hit his head
on the ground and was out cold when they carried him in. When he
woke up, D said, Hello big brother. You looking for me? He
started to cry, so D had to stay him, He said he was glad to see
me alive. D said, You better be, because the only veason you ve
alive now is bétause D am. Because O'm a devoted family man,
D said. D asked him if he knew what happened to Communists
in Sicily and he said, No, what ave you tathing about?

SoD showed him. That night, D took him to the house of

a man named Alo Giardini. Giardini had deserted from the
Ethiopian war in "41 and brought back a Little half-breed baby
with him. Once he stopped being a Fascist, he started getting
éoay with Karl Marx, but he kept it to himself, For a white.
Then he etn ie some friends, O figured they didn't know
AQo's son wasia tar baby. Lo telt the truth, Ennio Looked like
half, the people in Sicily to me, oD d19n't blame them for that.
Marzism, though... Anyway after Aldo's friends arrived, we
hicked down the door. We beat them bloody, all of them. Pietro
begged us to stop, so Dlooked around for something to use on Aldo
besides my fists. On the table was a bar of wrought ivon filigree,
Like for fancy stair vailings. O said to Pietro, You asked me to
stop, so, okay, D won't hit him with my hands anymore. Then DO
snatched up this piece of ivon and beat Aldo with it till tt broke.
Your brother screamed and blubbered Like a woman.

rwwvweveVv",vevvyve+vpevevvvvyvprvywvv Vaame™=

Ennio wasn't home, but O figured somebody needed to be in
one piece to bandage up the reds. O bet they were never redder. We
Dragged them outside and set fire to the house. Che important
thing, after all, was to make Pietro understand how badly he could
get burned. And that D couldn't protect him anymore. Dt wasn't
worth killing them for that.

Don't think there weren't people in Sicily who needed killing,
though. Aike the Spinettis, Mama must have had the Spinettis in
mind whenever? she tatked about how awful, Southerners were. Don
Viaaini sent me off to Giorgio, Spinetti to learn the business. And
Giorgio put me to work helping his ive sons harvest bird traps.
You never saw anything like this, Cristina! They used to mix up
quicklime and smear it on tree Limbs up in the hills. Later, they'd
come back and dozens of birds would be stuck to the limb. Some
would be hanging like fruit, exhausted or dead from trying to
escape. And they 02d this day after day. D remember noticing one
Pay that there had been fewer birds inthe traps. D asked Giancarlo,
Giorgio's oldest boy, what they would 0 when Sicily ran out of
6i0s,And he laughed at me. He said the sky was full of birds, that

"you could never catch them all.

ven though D was still young, D knew D was tatking toa
fool, The only thing this world has in endless supply, D know
now, is fools and weak people. ou told me the Last time we spoke
that D poison childven with dvugs, Childven ave accountable for

their actions, too, you know, Better to Lose the truly foolish ones
before they can become foolish adules and dvive cars. Or own guns.
And you couldn't make money off dvugs if not for weak people
whd can't stand being trampled by people of strength.

After Giancarlo Laughed at me, D-never spoke about birds
again. But he remembered what OD said, and when things got
really bad, heblamed.me! Chey, all 21. Giorgio beat them
regularly, but he never beat me. think he was afraid of what
might happen if Don Vizzini found 'out. Giancarlo and his
brothers, though, they'd pass it along, you see. Chey only knew
enough to fear their father. ALL of them should have been afraid
of me.

Dn the hills not far from the Spinettis' home was a cave
where Giancarlo liked to meet the neighbor's Jaughter hor recre-
ation on. Sundays. Dknew this because D followed him there move
than once, O always wondered how anyone could be so stupid as to
ge someplace that was sure to be full of snakes and worse. Plus,
there were vockslides there all the time. One Sunday, D inter-
cepted the neighbor girl and told her Giancarlo wanted to meet her
in town instead, to buy her a cola. And off she went. Simple.
Then D headed up into the hills and got above the mouth of
Gjancarle's cave, Along he came, and he disappeared inside. O
pushed a rock down the slope and it picked up some friends on the
way. All of sudden, it was an avalanche. OD had to move fast, or
D would have been part of the rock pile that buried Giancarlo.

PROLOGUE:SOLILOQUE


The neighbor girl never said a word, as far as D know, because
she didn'e want her father to know what she had been doing.
Gjlorgio made a half-hearted effort to track down his missing son,
but he seemed to me move inconvenienced by the Loss of a pals of
hands than anything else.

Since D was the oldest after Giancarlo, things changed a
Little once he was gone. Pino and Cesare tried to double-team me,
but without Giancarlo they weren't up to the job. O knew they

would be soon, though, so D beganplanning for that day.

Df D had known then what DO learned Later, that Don
Viaaint wanted OL Man Spinetti and his Little toadstools out
of the way, O—

Ds someone there?

Dts getting dark, Cristina, and my eyes are not so good.now.
D've seen alt kinds of shapes in the shadows Lately.

The city's lighting up down there. OD wish you could see tt
with me. =

Everything was a test with men like Uiazini, you have to
understand, He wanted to see how much of the Spinettis D could
stomach and what D would do about them. D didn't know that at
the time, of course. By the time D Learned the truthyO had been

the 2on's most trusted Lieutenant on the island for a Long time. By ~

then, though, everything about,Sicily made me sad. Especially the
lack of birdsong. Naturally, tt went away with the birds, And the
Spinettis, or 30D thought at the time. Plus, there were junkies
everywhere. But the heroin users turned out to be my key to getting
away. Dt was around 1960, D think, and the big bosses smelled
opportunity. They wanted tomake Palermo the conduit for their
dvug eraffic, and they needed trusted friends to oversee distribution
outside Sicily.

That's how D got sent to Boston. D wasn't a boss, but OD.
d12n't have one in town, either. D shaved mutual respect with the
movers and shakers here. Ray Patriarca was one, and so was
Andveas Gtovannt. Andveas looks like Mephisto himself. And
with good reason, too, When those two went after cach other's
family, D made it very clear that D was not allowed to pick sides.
And everybody was fine with that — espectally me — until
Cesare Spinettt showed up.

D never d12 get to ask Cesare how he got out of the house the
night O see teen fise. O had locked him and his brother in thets
bedvoom, and old Giorgio was passé out dvunk in his own bedseAte
had been smoking, so it wasn Ehard to make him look like the
source of the five. Thehardest part was setting myself on five to
throw off suspicion. My back still has the scars from that night.
Aucky me, D nevex have to look at them.

Anyway, Cesare arrived in Boston as imported muscle for
the Patriarcas. The moment D saw him, he saw me, and nothing
needed to be said. His scars were on his face, and O watched them
turn purple while he stared at me. Hard. D knew OD would have

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

to hilt him before he killed me. AndD knew D had to have clean
hands when tt was done, because Cesare, by then, was amade man,
just as D was.

So Dwent to Andveas. And OD made adeat. And he fulfilled
his end. And D seated my own fate.

The funny thing was that all Andveas wanted in return was
tatk. Ae first, anyway. He insisted, though, that O never lie to
him, and he sworehe would know tf D ever 210. D believed him, too.
He asked me about the first person D ever killed, and D told him.
He asked me about the first woman D was ever with, and O told
him that, also. One tlme, he asked me whether D had ever seen a
ghost, and D told him the same story O just told you. He asked
me for proof, so brought him the coat, He seemed satisfied by
that and asked if he could keep it. Who knows why? Atke D said,
he's the Deott himself. O know that now.

The night Andveas made good on his end of our bargain D'UL
never forget.

‘The restaurant where D used to meet Andyeas had fish tanks
tnstde it. "Biggest ones in town outside the Boston Aquarium. One
Monday, Andveas said meet eve alone. OD knew the vestau-
vant would be closed, so figured either Cesare's number was up
"Ov lt was a double-cross. D made arrangements in case and headed
out. Andveas himself answered the door, and it was just him and
me there. Then D saw one of the aquariums had a black curtain
in front of tt. Andveas started asking me about South America,
had D ever been there, what 212 D know about rain forests and the
antmals that live in them. D was neroous, so nothing he was saying
made sense, What's going on, D said. And he said, Cesare is
getting acquainted with my new pets. He yanked away the
curtain, and there was Cesare inside this aquarium. No water
inside it, just some grace, and Cesare and, And.

Spiders. .

Cristina, you never saw such spiders.

Severalof them. Like tarantulas. But big. Bigger than my
hand. Andveas was quiet fora minute, then he stared at those
things and sald, Watch, theix potson only paralyzes him for a
little while. When he starts flailing around, they'll bite him
again. Soon, he'lt have lost enough blood that he won't move
anymore. hen he turned around and said, Where do you think
you've going? :

.  Dhadn't even vealized that D hadbeen backing toward the
door. D wanted to look away from these... monsters, but D was
afraid to turn my back to them. Chen one of them moved, fast.
One moment tt was in a corner at the back of the aguarium,and
then it was on Cesave's leg. He was Laying flat against.the glass
and looking right at me. And D couldn't speak: D wanted to
scream, but nothing came ont. Next thing D knew, Andveas had
me by the back of the neck, with my face pressed to glass, O was
looking right at Cesare, watching him die. Andveas sad, This is

\ A EO Ge GE. Gee ark Ge, Ga Gam oe ae. Ga mee Gen a Gee Mem § oo Gam cal

what you wanted, right? All OD could think was that there was
nothing but a piece of glass between me and my worst nightmare,
Worse than my worst nightmare.

Andreas told me that our deat was changing, that OD would
have to perform certain services from time to time. And that tf D.
22dn'e Like the new deal, DO could join Cesare in the tank.

And that was how D finally got a boss tn the states, Nobody
knew, because if they 212 me and Andveas would be dead alveady.
Df he can de, D mean.

For years, all he ever asked me to 20 was get vid of a few
inconvenient people. Nobody O knew. Hell, D don' txthink
Andreas knew half of them, either. They were favors for
outsiders or for members of Andveas' family. D car-bombed some
avms dealer. named Carcassione because Andveas said his cousin
2idn't Like the guy's cologne. Move of what D alivays 12, in other
words. SoD didn't have a veal problem with this deat. Until two

nights age, when Andveas asked me to hill your son. Salvatore.

D told him he had made a mistake, that Satoatore had died
in the Po River floods. Andveas said the mistake was mine, and
he handed me a photograph. The young man in the picture
vesembled the boy O remembered from photos around your apayt-

ment, Dasked him, Why me, can' you get somebody else for this?
No, he said, D can't. And Dwant you to do it to see iff you've still
up to the job. That's what he said.

530 D showed him that D was, D stabbed Andveas through the
heavt with a switchblade.

And he just Looked at the knife. Not like he was surprised, or
even Like he was hurt, Atke he was sad. Then he said, D liked this
shit, Please leave now. (Just like that.

And 9D van. And D would have kept running if O hadn't
found out you were here at the hospital. So here D am. Waiting
for—

Who's there? D can see you: Come out!

Gesu! Dt's you! Gou can't still want the coat ater all these

"Years, can You? D don't have it. Andyeas—

Andreas sent you here, Inthe? Welt, OD hope you can fly,
because that's the only way you'll catch me you little bastardo.
Cris— é

PROLOGUE: SOLILOQUE


s Bee

SS

LAM

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

10

A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A

A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A

Introduction:
This Thing of Ours

As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster

Henry Hill, Goodfellas

It'sa modern romantic notion, the popular consider-
ation of the Mafia gangster, especially in the idiom of the
Hollywood heyday. Clad ina tailored black suit, hand in
his pocket clutching a hidden pistol, sharing dinner with
senators in spite of his Brooklyn accent and checkered
it's an icon that lives in our cultural memory.
From the dapper Don Corleone of The Godfather to
Edward G. Robinson's pinch-faced Joe Krozac, pop cul-
ture has given us indelible images of organized crime.

past

The truth of the matter, however, is that our popu-
lar image isn't very close to the real world's truth. Little
of the glamour we ascribe to gangsters has much validity
in the modern Cosa Nostra. In the real world, the Mafia
has crumbled over time, desiccated from the inside out
and refusing to age gracefully

In the World of Darkness, however, the Mafia
never really outgrew its heyday. Sure, it's sufferedinter-
nal problems, but those are the conflicts great stories are

built from. Crime and Vampire have always gone hand
in hand, mostly because they're both shadow societies
that exist just below the surface of the mortal world. In
a setting-specific context, vampires are also inherently
criminals, as sooner or later, the

y're going to have to
take blood without asking. Leaving aside the question
of whether this is theft, rape or some other crime, the
fact is that it's a crime, effectively lumping the Kindred
in with other sundry scumbags. It's the same shadow-
world in which mages exist, only the mafioso's way is
different from the willworker's. That's just in the imple-
mentation, however, as the practice is largely the same.
After all, both the gangster and the mage want to effect
their wills on thesworld — whether by magic or brute
force is a question best left for the moment. Other
supernatural elements, too, overlap with the secrecy of
the Mob, from wiseguy Glass Walker werewolves to the
ghosts of hit victims and even rarer things.

INTRODUCTION: THIS THING OF OURS


Organized crime, it must be noted, rises to the top
of the criminal hierarchy. These aren't petty stick-up
men, deranged murderers or common street pushers.
Even when they are such base creeps, their connection
to the greater network gives them a greater value to a
story. Mafia culture as a good mirror for supernatural
culture: It's made up of individuals, but those individu-
als contribute something to a greater ideal. Whether
they're refined dons adored by the public (John Gotti
was beloved by his neighborhood, and he threw vast
block parties) or murderous fiends in the organization's
employ (did even Albert Anastasia's own mother love
him?), they're almost part of a pantheon, players in a
secret drama that plays out nightly. Just like the more-
than-mortal denizens of the World of Darkness.

Again, World of Darkness: Mafia presents a very
romanticized version of the Mafia, and it does so with
abandon. In the real world, the Mafia's all but in the
shitter. The families have fractured and decayed, and
the omerta code of honor it once held hasn't changed
with the times. The Sicilian Mob is no longer as
relevant as the triadsand tongs, and the Russian Mob is
more brutal tonight? But we don't care about that and
won't mention it much — we're going to assume that
the Mafia heyday that ended around 1971 never really
drew to a close. We play more to the icon and the myth
in this book than to facts, and so should you in your
stories. In doing research, this book's writers have come
up with some pretty sad details. You'll see Vincent the
Chin staggering around the neighborhood in his bath-
robe, pretending to be insane. You'll see nepotism at its
worst, with John Gotti, Jr. being handed the reins of the
most visible crime family in the world. To hell with all
this. This book accepts them as fact but also sweeps
their gravity under the rug. For the sake of the story,
they still happened, but they're footnotes in the con?
tinuing legacy of Carlo Gambino, Joe Masseria, Bugsy
Siegel, Lucky Luciano, Sam Giancana and all the rest.
It's still an era of Frank Sinatra songs, Marlon Brando
imagery, Mario Puzo bombast and governors shaking
hands with dons. Omerta still exists; it's not a bunch of
cowboys tipping each other off, stupid and criminal
only because they don't know anything else:

Yes, it's unrealistic, but it's an icon.gAlthough it
may be fun tostorytell an on-the-ropes Mafiachronicle,
it's not so fun to doom the effort withthe fact that the
organization is no longer relevant: Play to the arche-
types; play to the myth.

Note the title of the books as well. Our focus here is
unrepentantly on the Mafia. You'll find mentioned
other avenues of organized crime, sure, but only in the

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

context of the Sicilian Mob. We don't minimize the
effect of those other cultures' criminal contributions,
but we admittedly focus (and, where necessary embel-
lish) upon the Italian incarnation.

Theme and Mood

As part of our Year of the Damned, this book's
focus is on compromise. When you join the Mob, you
make yourself and your family comfortable, but it's at
the expense of breaking the rules. You take what you
want, but in doing so, you've placed yourself outside the
system. It's the Devil's deal in a different context —
whereas a witch might make a pact with the Devil for
power, the mobster makes a deal with the criminal/
mortal underworld for his. Look at Tony Soprano from
The Sopranos or Henry Hill from Goodfellas. These are
guys who put their family first and that's what got them
involved in the Mob in the first place. It's also their
undoing — their damnation — because the Mob de-
mands more of them than they're able to provide safely
and still look out for what put them there initially.
Consider the morality of it all: How far is too far? At
what price do success, power, wealth and comfort come
toa gangster? Obviously, this will vary by the character
in question, but, hey, that's why Humanity and Paths of
Enlightenment are scales of 10 and not binary condi-
tions. Morality is forever gray in the World of Darkness.

For mood, keep the players on their toes, but it
should be more suspenseful than horrific. As always, in
the World of Darkness, we shouldn't trust anyone, but
this time, it's not because they want to drink our blood
(necessarily, though the Kindred are present...). It's
because we stand in the path to their success. Many of
the story elements will remain the same, but it's the type
of story we're telling that's different. It's all tied to the
World of Darkness, but it's important to know that we
can use the horror setting to focus on other genres.

How to Use This Book

As a reference volume for both players and Story-
tellers, World of: Darkness: Mafia works as an idea
crucible, both#for characters as well as plots. We've gone
out of6ur way not to include any earth-quaking
superplots in the interests of leaving the introduction of
Organized crime to the Storyteller. That is to say, we
haven't installed our own crime bosses in certain cities
as we would a sept of Garou or chantry of mages. We've
done our real-world fact-checking and used those names
where appropriate, but that's just one more step you
don't have to do in the name of historical accuracy.

Who loves ya, baby?

—A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Chapter One is a concise look at the history of "this
thing of ours," from its suspected Old World origins to
the modern nights. It's an account largely free from
supernatural influence, but as always in the World of
Darkness, whether that's accurate or simply the hall-
mark of supernatural forces very skilled at hiding
themselves is a question for your troupe to explore.

The modus operandi of the Mafia is the subject of
Chapter Two, explaining not only the mundane opera-
tions of La Cosa Nostra but also the unique nature of its
relationship with the supernatural.

Character creation and Trait considerations con-
stitute Chapter Three. This section includes an
abbreviated guideline for creating mortal characters as

well as suggestions for using existing Traits outside the
context of vampires, werewolves and the sundry other
night-fiends of the world.

Chapter Four examines the presence of the Mafia
on a geographical basis, with emphasis on North
America. The organization's hold is not as global as one
might think, and with particular attention to the World
of Darkness, the Mob is most active in specific places.

Storytelling advice rounds out the book in Chapter
Five, with special focus on adapting the Mafia genre to
the horror setting (as discussed above). Broadly useful,
this chapter should give direction to any Storyteller,
whether she's building an organized crime chronicle
from the ground up or introducing the Mob as an ally or
rival into an existing chronicle.

VorVeevy "Very eVacv FV 1 v= CY ov Vv rv Voy Vie

INTRODUCTION: THIS THING OF OURS


\WE-f a
Vrvry VV OV TV eV ev HV HV Ne VN

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

a_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Chapter One:

Al Distinguished
HISIOry

There would be no way, Michael, no way you could ever forgive me. Not with this

Sicilian thing that's been going on for two thousand year

— Kay Corleone, The Godfather: Part II

Anyway, continuing from my last letter, I'm
still looking into it. Call it what you want — La
Cosa Nostra, the Mafia, the Mob, the Syndicate —
it's diverse and it goes back a long time, probably

centuries. Since the noble, decent lawmen of

America insisted that it didn't exist for quite a long
time, and since I'm not exactly a historian, it's
difficult to do anything but offer conjecture on the
origins of the Mafia. But conjecture I will.

Incidentally, I received your last letter, and I'm
choosing to ignore your request. I know that he's
nearby, and | don't disagree that he might well
deserve the Good Death. That's not the issue. It's
your responsibility, and I'm not a damned hitman.
OK? Now, with that unpleasantness out of the way,
let's talk Sicily.

OurThing

The term "Mafia" didn't come to refer to
organized crime until the 20th century. As to its
origins, I've heard a few explanations. One is that
the word dates from a French invasion of Italy in
1282. Supposedly, "Mafia" is an acronym for "morte
alla Francia Italia anela" — "death to the French is
Italy's cry." Another, also referring to that invasion,
is a bit more romantic. It holds that a French soldier
raped a Palermo girl on her wedding day, and that
the citizens rose up and murdered a French troop.
The fever spread, with the revolt's battle cry
stemming from the poor girl's mother running
through streets shouting "ma fia" or "my daughter."
I'mnotsure! buy that one, but mobster Joe Bonanno
espouses it in his autobiography.

a a, Si Sa Sa aes Se, EE SES Gama, GO aes Sams eS, AEE

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

=F
15


An explanation that makes a bit more sense is
that "Mafia" comes from an Arabie word meaning
"refuge." Centuries ago, Sicilian peasants, under
oppressive occupation by Arabs, took refuge in the
hills and with each other. They came to realizethat
reporting difficulties between themto the authorities
was a bad idea. Disputes between Sicilians should
remain between Sicilians, and a kind of
"underground justice" emerged. This was the
beginning of omerta, the vow of silence on pain of
deathithat members of the Mafia would swear (and
break) in later years. In a way, you could see it,as an
attempt at aiself-ruling body; the Sicilian people
governed themselves without involving the actual
government. A kind of un-civil disobedience, right?

But Sicily was a prime target for invaders.
Normans, Arabs, Spanish, Germans, Greeks
for whatever reasons, all of them visited the island.
And each time, the need for unification emerged.
Eventually, that need crystallized in the form of a
secret society, organized much like a family, with
a "don" in charge of the society in each village,
and the "don of all dons," or what later generations
would callicapo di tutti capi or "boss of all bosses,"
in Palermo.

The problem, of course, with making any kind
of speculation about a secret society is that, if said
society is at all successful, you run into secrets. It's
therefore difficult to trace the Mafia from its
beginnings as a kind of anti-establishment force to
the wealthy and shadowy organization it became.
However, a few key points in its development are
common knowledge.

In the 1700s, "Black Hand notes" appeared.
Most of usare familiar with the notion of protection,
though I personally despise the euphemism. Some
representative of the Mob handed a wealthy citizen
anote with a polite request for asum of money, lest
the citizen find himself the victim of beatings,
robbery, bombings, etc. A mugging with formal
dressing — and that kind of farce, thugs under a
mask of respectability, continued on even into
modern times.

But I digress. When the Mob was still handing
out Black Hand notes, at least they were being
surreptitious. In 1876, centuries after Sicilian
peasants had need of the organization for refuge,
Don Raffaele Palizzolo maneuvered his way into
political office by literally forcing voters — at
gunpoint — to vote for him. Once in office, he

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A__A__4_

arranged for his associate and partner in crime, so to
speak, Don Crispi, to be elected Prime Minister.
Sicily, partially under control by organized crime
for years, was now officially in the Mob's pocket.

I've looked into that election fairly thoroughly,
or at least as thoroughly as the scant official
records of it will allow. I've seen no evidence of
supernatural activity, though I grant that both our
forebears and Guild (now ironically titled the
Syndicaté)jcould:have taken a hand in ways that
would never be detected. However, as you know,
I've held up the Mafia as an example of the skill
and organization that even Sleepers (to use your
rather condescending term) are capable of for
some time now. I believe that, ifanything, vampires
might have been attaching themselves like ticks
to the new establishment, but evidence suggests
that the undead are present in that role no matter
what mortal government does. The Mafia is and
always has been run by mortal human beings. I
believe this is because its beginnings were too
rural to be of interest to most of the forces that
would later take an interest, and by the time it
grew rich and powerful enough to attract our
attention or that of the vampires or the Order of
Reason, it was too diverse to suborn completely.

Of course, I could be wrong. Perhaps even now
the heads of the Five Families take their orders from
some obscene undead horror. But I rather doubt it.
Read on — and do try not to see supernatural
machinations at every turn, okay?

The Mafia in the New World

Asa lifelong American, I can only imagine the
novelty and promise that the USA must have
offered to a poor Italian or Irish immigrant in the
late 1800s and early part of the 20th century.
Religious freedom, a voice in the government, and
the chance to make some money and have some
comfort — the same chance as anyone else to do so,
in fact — was a beautiful notion to the poor of
Europe and other locales.

But we all know that wasn't (and isn't) the case.
The system was human, run by people, and therefore
suffered all too human biases. Those who were
comfortable and in power had no real desire to let
anyone else in —after all, if everyone is equally rich,
everyone is equally poor! So the throngs of people
who came to America, who believed the "Give me


a A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

trabhald

your tired, your poor... routine were commonly
greeted only with more poverty and the prospect of
living in ghettoes.

The old despaired but the young adapted. They
saw how the country was really run — by those with
the strength and the will to bargain for or just take
what they wanted. And they emulated the powerful,
in a way. Gangs appeared in every major city in
America. These gangs were more akin to the urban
"gangstaz" of today than to the Mafia; they would
attack and beat people on the street, rob them, and
generally vent their aggression however they chose.
And, like the aforementioned modern hoods, they
did it largely out of a desire to belong. Their parents
were immigrants, out of touch with the country they
lived in. But the young toughs knew how things
were, and if they couldn't get a real glimpse of the
American Dream, well, damn it, they'd raise Hell.

An important point here, by the way: These
gangs were restricted. Irish joined Irish gangs, Jews
joined Jewish gangs. Not for several decades would
organized crime stop arranging itself strictly along
these lines.

"vvvvrvvevrevvevvvrevyiwvyéievyéivé iVagweqareed,, V

As more immigrants from Italy and especially
Sicily arrived, it was only natural that members of
the Mafia would'as well, perhaps on the run, or
perhaps, like their more respectable countrymen,
they were looking for new opportunities. They
found them. Black Hand notes circulated in any
predominantly Italian neighborhood, and most
large cities had one. The victims assumed (possibly
correctly) that the police either would not or
could not protect them, just like in Sicily, so they
paid. It wasn't only poor shopkeepers, either
the famous tenor Enrico Caruso paid the Mafia for
"protection" as well. Both the Mafia and its victims
viewed this extortion as a Sicilian affair, which
meant that they were usually too frightened or
stubborn to talk to the police even when reputable
people around them were murdered for delinquent
protection payments.

Black Hand extortion wasn't really all that
profitable, though, and the first and principle sin of
the Mafia has always been greed. Therefore, while
such figures as Ignazio Saietta ("Lupo the Wolf" to
his friends and intimates) were passing out

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4A_A_4A_A

=
18

threatening notes, the real movers and shakers
were taking over legitimate Italian businesses —
olives, wine grapes, and»so forth — ‘as well as
running illegal lotteries and prostitution. Men like
Joe Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano would be
important mafiosi for decades. They lent money to
the poor, but stacked the interest andjpayments so
that the borrower was forever in the Mafia's debt.
They would arrange for a supplicant's family to
have passage to America (legally or otherwise), but
then'someone, be it the newly arrived relative or
whoever asked for the favor, would owe the Mafia
his life. However, the Mob stayed in the Italian
community for the most part, which meant that
only Italians were commonly victimized. That
changed. notably in 1890 in New Orleans with the
murder of police chief David Hennessy.

The Mafia Surfaces... Briefly

Hennessy discovered that the Mississippi River
docks were caught in a sort of turf war between two
opposing families, the Matrangas and the
Provenzanos. As the bodies mounted, Hennessy
pushed his force to get some leads on this "Mafia,"
but they seemed unable. The Mafia, for its part,
attempted bribery and then threats to convince
Hennessy to baék off. When that didn't work, they
killed him. Public response to the murder was
quick, and a grand jury concluded that the Mafia
did indeed exist. Several mafiosi went on trial —
and were promptly acquitted, thanks to judicious
bribery of the jury. The citizenry was outraged, and
they bashed in the doors to the jail, dragged the
defendants (awaiting release) out into the streets,
and hanged them from lampposts. Justice is served?

A note here, just to keep you interested (since
I know you'd think of this anyway): Who killed
Hennessy? No one is really sure. No one was ever
arrested for his murder specifically, and neither the
Matranga family nor the Provenzano family claimed
credit for the hit, not that it would have been smart
to do so. So the question must be raised: When
something is happening that you don't understand,
who benefits? Who had money to lose when the
Mob was skimming cargo off of ships? Who had the
most to gain by seeing the war end with neither side
victorious? Who would be callous enough to arrange
a hit of a dutiful, driven police chief, knowing the
public outcry would result in the two families being
scattered? And finally, who knew the city well

enough to know how to arrange it? My guess would
be someone who'd been in New Orleans for many
years before the Matranga-Provenzano war, and
remains there to this day.

At any rate, the Mafia in New Orleans went
underground (even more than usual) for years
until the lynch-mob fever subsided. It took some
time, but it happened.

The Evolutionof the New York Mobster

One of New York's largest gangs was the
Eastmans, led by one Monk Eastman, a hulking
brute of a man in the employ of the city's political
machine. He and his thugs were very much for hire,
and would beat, maim or kill any target their
employers named. His primary job was making sure
that elections went the way they were supposed to.
That is, his employers were elected and re-elected.
In return, in addition to money, Eastman received
immunity. Although arrested too many times to
recount, he always walked— his friends in Tammany
Hall saw to that.

Eventually, Eastman's turf bumped up against
that of Paul Kelly (born Paolo Vaccarelli). Kelly,
though assuredly a gangster, was a different kind of
man than Eastman — well-educated, soft-spoken,
and smart. Eastman and Kelly's gangs went to war,
culminating in the so-called Battle of Rivington
Street. More than 100 gangsters spent the night
shooting at each other. Policemen who tried to
intervene found themselves shot at by both sides.
The morning saw at least three men dead and
several more badly injured.

This all would have been bad enough, but
Tammany Hall had been denying the existence of
organized crime (meanwhile, using it for their own
ends — or was it using them?). The bigwigs sued for
peace between the mobsters, which lasted a while,
only to erupt again. They tried settling it in typical
schoolyard fashion — Eastman and Kelly, mano a
mano, in the ring. I'm not joking, either. What's
really amusing is that the fight was inconclusive.
They pounded on each other for a while, and then
both collapsed. No clear winner, so the war
continued, at least for while. Then Eastman
managed to get himself arrested again and the
leaders of Tammany Hall, no fools, let him take his
medicine. He eventually got out, but by that time
he was powerless. Poor guy died in a gutter the day
after Christmas, 1920. Shot to death, as it happened.

i, (Se Se a mae ae ee a, (Me, ee I GE Ma Ge ES MN a) GD Eon) COR, (°

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

The point of all this was that the leaders of the
city — the official ones, not the crime bosses — had
recognized that a thug beating up people on the
streets wasn't the way to go. They threw in with
Kelly and mobsters of his ilk: smart, willing to
compromise, and subtle (more so than Eastman,
anyway). Above all, the new breed of mobster had
to be willing and able to work within the law as well
as outside of it. Recall, by the way, that the Sicilian
Mob had been doing just that for years.

The Windy City

New York may have been corrupt, but Chicago
was downright rotten. Before Al Capone came
Johnny Torrio. Torrio was from New York, but he
moved out west to Chicago at the request of a
cousin to help take pressure off of her husband. Her
husband, Big Jim Colosimo, ran whorehouses all
over the city (Torrio's cousin was the madam) and
the pressure was coming in the form of Black Hand
notes. Torrio arrived in Chicago in 1909, found out
who was troubling his family and killed them.

Torrio received control of a minor whorehouse
for his trouble, but ever the businessman, he gussied
it up into a major attraction. Within a few years, he
was running most of Colosimo's businesses. White
slavery was in its prime. Young girls would be lured
out from their homes on farms and promised the
chance to make some money, and then forced to
turn tricks. The sheer amount of money that
prostitution pulled in during this time was frankly
staggering, especially when compared with the
amounts the girls were actually charging versus how
many women were "working." To give some point
of reference, estimates place the annual take at
around $30 million, whereas the number of tricks
turned is guessed at something like 27 million. That
means just over a dollar per trick. Pretty sad. Even
sadder when you realize how much of that dollar the
whores were actually getting — less than half.

Aninteresting side note for you: Torrio evidently
did a brisk business in "keepers." Supposedly, these
were hookers that Torrio never expected to see
again. He'd tell the girls they were to make a special
house call, that they'd get paid top dollar for it, but
that they were to keep their mouths shut about it
because the client was "an important fellow." And
by dawn, Torrio would be as much as a thousand
dollars richer and no one would ever see the hapless
prostitute again.

Sowho bought these "keepers?" Anyone's guess,
really. Leeches needing blood, possibly, or even
Nephandi needing sacrificial victims are both
possibilities. I'm fairly sure that Torrio never really
knew (or thoughtabout) where the "keepers" went.
He was a monster, but a human one, and most of us
humans don't want to know about things like that.
How do you think they continue?

Prohibition

Prostitution was and remained a good money
maker, but new laws in 1910 made it tougher on the
white slavers. While Torrio never abandoned the
business, there was a better one on the way: selling
booze. Various anti-alcohol groups in the country
had been attacking the evils of strong drink, blaming
booze for all the country's woes — typical, isn't it?
We have to have ascapegoat. Anyway, the Volstead
Act went into effect at midnight, January 16, 1920.
The law had actually been passed the year before, so
everyone knew that America was going dry on that
date, including the Mafia. They also knew that
between medicinal and religious alcohol, easily
smuggled Canadian booze, and the homemade stuff
that citizens had been making for years, there was
enough drink to go around. All the Mob had to do
was sell and distribute it.

Torrio had Big Jim Colosimo murdered in May of
1920. Abouta year earlier, he'dagreed to give sanctuary
toayoungkilleron the lam named Alphonse Capone,
with whom he had mutual acquaintances in New
York (one of the men who asked Torrio to help
Capone wasFrankie Yale, the man whokilled Colosimo
for Torrio). Capone started out as a bouncer but was
capable and ambitious and quickly rose to prominence
in Torrio's gang.

Capone was Torrio's opposite in many ways.
Torrio, ahead of his time, forged a peace between
the warring gangs of Chicago (including the
O'Donnell gang, the O'Banion gang, and the
Terrible Gennas), convincing them that violent
crime was not nearly as profitable as bootlegging
and gambling. He despised unnecessary violence
and preferred to use bribes and subtle tricks to get
his way. When Chicago elected a reformer mayor in
1923 and suddenly the police began raiding Torrio's
interests, he moved operations to the smaller city of
Cicero. The local police resisted, but the citizens of

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

=
19


_A_A A _a a _a_s_aA_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4A_4_A4

\ aa
20

Cicero enjoyed slot machines, so rather than fight
the police, Torrio called in favorsfrom the county
sheriff and had all of the slots impounded. When
the Cicero officials agreed to,let him set up shop in
their town, he returned them.

Torrio, secure in his power, left for Italy (he
would make this trip several more timesin his life)
and Al Capone took charge. The streéts of Chicago,
never truly safe even with the peace ‘that Torrio
arranged, became deadly once again.

Torrio may have disapproved of violence, but
Capone was a different story. "Moderation" was
not really imhis vocabulary; he believed in using
as much brutality as necessary to achieve his ends.
Torrio recognized this; back from Italy in 1924, he
asked Capone to "fix" the mayoral election in
Cicero so that the cooperative party would stay im
power. Capone did — his methods involved
assaulting and intimidating voters, opening the
ballot boxes to dispose of votes for the opposition,
and making examples of people who wouldn't
cooperate. The evening of election day turned
into a seties of shootouts between the police and
Capone's gang, which left his brother Frank among
the slain. The bullets certainly didn't stop flying
there; the peace that Torrio had masterminded
unraveled as each of Chicago's gangs started eyeing
the others' enterprises.

On May 19th, 1924, Torrio, Dion O'Banion
and Hymie Weiss (one of O'Banion's men) met to
make a shipment ftom one of Torrio's breweries.
O'Banion had decided that he was leaving the city
— the war was just getting too dangerous. As it
happened, he'd tipped off the police to the shipment,
which meant that all three of them were arrested,
but that O'Banion (a first-time offender of the
Prohibition laws) would receive only a fine, not jail
time. Torrio, however, would not get off so easily —
but as it happened, neither did O'Banion. Torrio
arranged for his punishment: He was gunned down
in the flower shop he ran.

Torrio was sentenced to nine months, but nearly
served the same sentence as O'Banion. Before his
term began, members of the O'Banion Mob
ambushed and shot him. Torrio survived, and once
his hospital term ended his prison term began.
When that term ended, he officially gave control of
Chicago's interests to Capone and left, once again,
for Sicily.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Capone immediately went to war with Chicago's
other gangs. Much of the work had already been
done for him, as Weiss, now controlling the
O'Banion gang, had virtually wiped out the Gennas.
Capone offered a truce; Weiss demanded that
Capone turn over the men who hadkilledO'Banion.
Capone, naturally, refused, and the battles continued
forma time. Weiss survived several attempts on his
life, but fate caught up with him, and he, too, was
slain, not'farfrom. the flower shop where his friend
Dion O'Banion died.

The wars continued, but Capone was invariably
the winner. There really wasn't any serious threat
tohisrule over Chicago— with William Thompson
as mayor (whose position on Prohibition was that
he wished to reopen the old saloons "and open
10,000 more") as his pawn and ally, Scarface Al
wallowed in luxury and publicity. Everywhere he
went, he was treated as a celebrity, and he loved
talking to the press (this is one of the very few things
that the 1987 film The Untouchables bothered to
show correctly). He owned scores of businesses,
legitimate and otherwise, and money flowed in
from all angles. Not officially, of course, but he
controlled them by dominating the unions. Almost
any business would fold under a prolonged strike,
and Al could signal one in any of a hundred unions
simply by making a call. The money that Capone
was making off of these rackets was staggering —
and of course, the companies raised their costs to
compensate. Estimates indicate that by 1930, mob
influence cost every person in Chicago $45 annually.

Amazingas it might seem, Capone's organization
wasn't making the money it could. George "Bugs"
Moran, one of O'Banion's lieutenants and leader of
the gang after Hymie Weiss' death, seemed
determined to muscle in on Capone's rackets. He
hijacked trucks, burned down one of Capone's dog-
racing tracks (such racing, at the time, was illegal)
and assassinated Capone's men (but never got to
Capone himself, obviously). Capone responded by
leaving the state. He was in Florida on Valentine's
Day, 1929, when six of Moran's men and one
innocent victim (just a groupie who liked to hang
out with gangsters) were lined up against a wall and
slaughtered. Moran, had he been on time that
morning, would have been with them — but he
arrived a few minutes late, saw what he thought was
a police car, and left. (Seven years later, on the
anniversary of the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre,


_A_A _A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

one of the probable gunmen was himself slain in a
bowling alley. Everything comes back around, and
in the Mafia, it often happens with a kind of grim
poetic justice.)

Meanwhile, in Old New York...

New York never had a Capone. While as much
if not more illegal booze flowed through the streets
during the 1920s, an arch-criminal was never behind
it all. At least, not a visible one.

Arnold Rothstein, gambler, loan shark, and
underworld mastermind since the early years of the
20th century started out as an importer of English
and Scotch booze. He stuck with it for some years,
but discovered that importing was a risk — if the
authorities seized a ship and impounded the cargo,
there was often no way to retrieve the product and
any money spent on the shipment was lost for good.
By the latter half of the 20s, he was out of the
importing business (though by no means out of the
underworld scene; he would remain a habitual
gambler and retained controlling interests in
various speakeasies until his murder in 1928). One
of the people who took over his imports was Irving
Wexler, more often known as Waxey Gordon. He
would later become infamous as a rat (and there
are other suspicions about him, too — such as his
nickname coming from his pale, yellowed skin —
that never made it to the papers), but during
Prohibition, he was becoming rich by importing,
cutting and selling liquor.

Rothstein's greatest contribution to the Mafia
was probably acting as mentor to four very special
thugs: Salvatore Lucania (Charlie "Lucky" Luciano),
Francesco Castiglia (Frank Costello), Maier
Suchowljansky (Meyer Lansky — you can see why
he changed it) and Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel. These
kids started out as minor-level hoodlums but were
exceptional in at least one respect: They weren't
bigots. The Jewish and Sicilian gangs, remember,
had barely tolerated one another, but these four
toughs recognized the opportunities that the others
presented and agreed to look past nationality and
religion. The four of them sat at Rothstein's feet,
so to speak, and listened to his views on running
the business. In some ways, Rothstein's ideas
paralleled Johnny Torrio's. He believed in minimal
violence and stressed diplomacy — it was simply a
better way to go, as it fostered fewer grudge matches,
which, in turn, made for a better long-term

situation for all involved. And indeed, while the
Prohibition years in New York had their share of
murder and gang warfare, it didn't take place in
the public eye nearly as much. Gangsters killed
each other, but not in broad daylight and not in
front of witnesses.

Another important development of the time,
whether it came from Rothstein or not, was
cooperating with other bosses in other citieseLuciano
and company needed to get the booze before they
could sell it, after all, and they made deals with bosses
in Atlantic City and here in Boston (both cities'
ports became hubs for illegal booze). Expanding
further, they contacted Moe Dalitz of Cleveland to
tap into the vast quantities of whiskey he was
smuggling from Canada— Lansky, asuperbdiplomat,
traveled all over the country to make deals.

What eventually evolved was the Seven Group:
Luciano and Costello (Manhattan); Enoch "Nucky"
Johnson (Atlantic City); Waxey Gordon
(Philadelphia); Joseph "Joe Adonis" Doto
(Brooklyn); Longy Zwillman (Long Island and New
Jersey); Lansky and Siegel (acting as enforcers,
protecting shipments from hijackers and hijacking
competitors); and Torrio (a kindof overseer for the
whole arrangement). Those seven powers formed
the core, and made alliances with gangs from New
England to the Gulf of Mexico (with Chicago
notably missing).

This organization curbed the violence that was
cutting into profits on all sides. More importantly,
it set the stage for the national alliance of mobsters
that was to happen in May of 1929. Prohibition,
after all, wasn't long for the world.

The End of the Dry Spell

Prohibition officially ended on December 5,
1933, but that didn't catch anybody by surprise,
especially not the Mafia. In 1928, both Torrio and
Rothstein (before being shot that November)
predicted that Prohibition wasn't going to last
much longer. The country was headed for a
downturn, and when the bottom fell out, people
were going to demand their right to drink.

Never let it be said that the Mob doesn't think
ahead. In 1929, Atlantic City hosted the first
meeting of gang leaders from all across the country.
I could list who was present, but really, I think you'll
find the absentees more interesting.

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

=F
al


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Yj

ti
Gy

Hp

Yj
Vijay,

Lor
LLoppay y

tie

Of course Luciano and his crew were present;
he'd organized the whole thing. But Luciano had
recently thrown in»with Joe "The Boss" Masseria,
one of the Mafia dons from the old days. Masseria
himself was not present, and neither was Salvatore
Maranzano, Masseria's archrival. Andreas
Giovanni, vying for primacy over Boston's interests
with Charles "King" Solomon, also didn't attend
(though Solomon did). In fact, none of the old
school mafiosi (nicknamed "Mustache Petes" by the
younger crew) were present. Chalk that up to
racism; with Irishmen and Jews part of the discussion,
the older guard probably felt insulted. As it
happened, they weren't invited anyway.

The bosses met and discussed working together,
not competing, and making sure everybody had a
share of the profits. They planned for the end of
Prohibition, and did the smartest thing they possibly
could: They decided to use the know-how of shipping
and distributing liquor to continue doing it —
legally — once Prohibition died. But they by no
means intended to go straight. Prostitution and
gambling in all forms were big sources of funds for

the Mafia (King Solomon, at this meeting, was
heard to grouse about how the Giovanni Mob had
tricked him out of controlling interest in an
underground boxing ring in Boston. That ring, by
the way, still operates, and is one of the few Mob-
related venues that the Giovanni still maintain an
interest in).

Another important discussion was about
violence and the danger it caused to the Mafia.
Chicago, in particular, w:
Capone's penchant for gunning down the
competition was making operations hard on the
Mob all over. Capone, who was indeed present for
the Atlantic City meeting, agreed that as the most
visible gangster in America, he should take a fall to
appease the citizenry. After the meeting, he was
picked up in Pennsylvania for carrying a concealed
weapon, sentenced to a year in prison (of which he
served ten months) and emerged in 1930 to find his
empire in trouble. The Depression had hit — the
stock market crashed in October of 1929 (as I'm
sure you know), and newspaper stories about
Capone's lavish lifestyle only angered the poor

s becoming a problem —

=
22

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

\ a> i ae Se Sea 2 ae Gad Zee ma Aa ae Me ST) (SEED GR aman CaS GE ,

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4_A

citizens who could barely afford rent. Capone's
organization fell under tough scrutiny, and while
they never pinned any kind of violent crimé on
him, he was indicted in 1931 for income tax evasion.
He served 10 years, some of that at Alcatraz, and
when he was finally released in 1939, syphilis had
reduced him to a gibbering idiot.

So who put the pressure on the Chicago
authorities to "get Capone"? President Herbert
Hoover? Possibly; after all, his election in 1928 was
followed so quickly by the stock market crash that
he must have been desperate for a way to regain
public favor. Mayor William Thompson? Maybe so;
he had his eyes on the White House fora while, and
putting Capone away would have been a good way
to dispel the (quite true) stories of him being in the
Mob's pocket. The public? Certainly the general
populace had been enamored of Capone once, but
after so many of them lost their livelihoods in the
crash (and after many had lost friends and family in
the crossfire of the Chicago gang wars), they'd had
as much as they could stomach.

But I heard a story once, and while I don't really
buy it, it involves your paisan Dominic Cardona, Jr.
Turns out he was in prison at the same time as
Capone, before he was shipped to Alcatraz (yes,
we've established that Dominic's been around since
at least the 30s, but I'm still not going to kill him for
you). Anyway, he later told an acquaintance that
he actually had the cell next to Scarface Al, and
that every night he heard the mighty Capone
whimpering and someone whispering — someone
with an accent that was decidedly Sicilian.

So was it syphilis that drove Al Capone insane?
Was it really public outcry that brought him to the
courthouse? Probably it was. Like I said, I don't believe
the story.

All right, so we've come up to the end of
Prohibition. And I've runacross exactly one confirmed
report of Dominic Cardona, Jr. during that time (I
know he told the story about Capone, I just don't
believe it). Next letter continues this history.

— Jerry

Wars, Bloody and Otherwise

I received your letter. | don't know how many
times I have to go through this with you, Mark. I
see your point. | agree with you. The man needs to
die, sooner rather than later. I just don't see why

you can't get on a plane and come out here and do
it yourself. Dominic Cardona, Jr., to the best of my
knowledge, has been around since at least 1925 —
as an adult. He's gone by different names, but he's
been a gangster albhis life, and has therefore never
had much ofan "official" existence; it would
surprise me greatly if he ever had a real birth
certificate. I've been watching him off and on for
a couple of weeks now; he seems to stick around
the waterfront, for the most part, but I See him as
often during the day as at night, so I don't think
he's a vampire (assuming that particular bit of lore
is true). Anyway — your letter indicated you
wanted to know more about the Mafia, so I dug
some more info up for you.

The Death of Mustache Pete

The Atlantic City Conference in 1929 was
supposed to end the feuds between gangs, but of
course that didn't happen. The older mafiosi —
notably Joe Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano —
had been gunning for each other for several years.
Both of them dated back to the early days of the
American Mob, and both felt they had a right to
call the shots for the current Mafia. As I mentioned,
Lucky Luciano thought otherwise, but figuredthat
he wasn't quite ready to strike out on his own. So,
prior to the meeting in Atlantic City, he hooked up
with Masseria's crew.

Masseria....

The plan was never to ride Masseria's coattails,
however. Luciano wanted him and Maranzanodead.
The body count between them was mounting quickly
— the gangsters referred to this period, roughly
1929 to 1931, as the Castellammarese War, because
Maranzano's people were largely from the Sicilian
city of Castellammare del Golfo — and the public
was starting to demand protection. Throwing in
with Masseria was a dangerous game; Luciano
became his right-hand man, but that simply made
Charlie Lucky a target. In fact, in October of 1929
(before the stock market crash), Luciano was taken
for a one-way ride, and he became the only known
gangster to return from one. He suffered a severe
beating in the process but never said who was
behind it. The obvious answer would be Maranzano's
people, but frankly, if that were the case, why didn't
they just kill him? Rumors abound — he got a girl

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

=F
2B


pregnant and her father was behind it, he bargained
with his assailants and paid them off, and so forth.
Some cynics (like me) have even suggested he
arranged it himself to bolster his reputation, which
it certainly did.

Luciano himself arranged Masseria's death: He
treated Joe the Boss to a lot of food andibooze (not
a difficult task; Masseria was a much a glutton as
Capone) and then went to the men's room while
his friends Vito Genovese, Joe Adonis, Albert
Anastasia and Bugsy Siegel walked into the near-
empty restaurant, shot Masseria several times, and
then left. Luciano washed his hands, and then
stepped out and called the police.

Maranzano...

With Masseriadead, Maranzano declared himself
capo di tutti capi and informed the rest of the Mafia
that his word was law, he expected a cut of everything,
and that he would be handing down new orders and
laws tothe other gangsters, which would be followed
on pain of death. He also pioneered the Five Families
of New York, and held a lavish ceremony much like
a coronation. Luciano and company were
unimpressed, and starting sending messages to their
allies from the ‘Atlantic City conference, to the tune
of, "This guy has got to go." The rest of the underworld
was in agreement. Meyer Lansky imported four Jewish
gunmen, trained them to act like federal agents, and
had them burst in to Maranzano's offices and demand
to speak with him alone. Maranzano had no reason
to suspect they were anything but what they said
(and like Masseria, Maranzano typically forgot that
the underworld wasn't exclusively Sicilian). They
took him into his office and killed him, but not
neatly — six stab wounds, four gunshot wounds, and
a slit throat. Another Rasputin, no?

find All the Rest

The night after Maranzano died became known
as the Night of Sicilian Vespers in gangster lore.
Supposedly, Luciano's associates across the nation
sought out supporters of the old-school Mob and
slaughtered them. Reports put the death toll
anywhere from 20 to 100.

This is all bunk, of course. I have yet to see a list
of yictims or any other verifiable evidence that
anything like the Night of Vespers ever occurred.
No gangster I've spoken with or book I've read gives
me any reason to believe it.

\ 2 Se OU Me Me aa aan A ee daa A a Ge A MC ARE SE ah La (aia

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

And yet, there must be some truth to it, because
upon reading my own words, I don't get that bitter
"untruth" taste in my mouth. Well, if there is
anything behind it, | have no idea what that
something would be.

Cooperation?

‘And then it was time for another conference, in
Chicagoythis time (this was shortly before Capone
was sent up thé river; he still had the money left to
entertain everyone well). Luciano was offered the
title of capo di tutti capi but declined it — he wanted
the governing body to be a council, wherein every
representative had an equal vote. He himself was
voted unanimously to the position of chairman, of
course. At the time, only Italians could vote, though
important non-lItalian gangsters like Lansky and
Moe Dalitz could sit in on the meetings. The Five
Families of New York — headed by Luciano, Joe
Bonanno (a.k.a. Joe Bananas), Joseph Profaci, Tom
Gagliano, and Vincent Mangano had territories of
their own, but Luciano made it clear that warfare
wasn't the way to defend these territories. Just like
in Atlantic City, Charlie Lucky preached the
importance of working together without competing.

How long did that last?

ADifferent Sort of War

"War on crime," is new neither as a concept or
phrase. In his years as governor of New York,
Franklin Roosevelt led his own war on crime,
appointing a special commission headed by Judge
Samuel Seabury to expose the corruption of
Tammany Hall and its link with organized crime. It
worked — Seabury's inquiries brought to light
undeniable links between the Mafia and the city's
leaders. But Roosevelt had a problem — he needed
Tammany's support in his bid for the presidency
over Al Smith (here's a funny note: there was a
third contender, a man called John Nance Garner,
but no one in the cities really considered his
campaign serious. Why? Because he was from Texas,
that far-off, crazy land — not really felt to be part of
the US in most large cities. Maybe they know
something we don't...). Anyhow, Roosevelt looked
over the commission's findings, decided that there
wasn't enough to go on, and didn't pursue the
matter (at the time). The underworld decided that
Roosevelt would do after all and Tammany Hall
threw their support behind him.

As soon as his party's presidential nomination
was official, however, Roosevelt began his»anti-
corruption campaign again. Seabury's commission
started asking difficult questions, and some folks —
James Walker, the mayor of New York, among
them — didn't have answers. Walker resigned and
fled to Europe, but Roosevelt continued on.

The Underworld Fights Back?

Possibly. Do you know about the attempt on
Roosevelt's life? On February 15, 1933 — not long
after Roosevelt won the presidential election — he
was traveling through Florida and stopped in Miami
to give an open-air address. Standing next to him
was the recently elected mayor of Chicago, Anton
Cermak. During Roosevelt's speech, a shot rang out
(prompting a nearby reporter to joke to Cermak,
"Just like Chicago, huh?"). Cermak was hit in the
lung, fatally, as it turned out. The shooter, an
Italian marksman named Joseph Zangara, was tried,
convicted, and executed within a month.

Of course, rumors abound as to what really
happened. One story is that Zangara fired but a
nearby woman grabbed his arm and pulled, throwing
his aim off. Another is that he wasn't aiming for
Roosevelt, as was generally assumed, but Cermak
(the mayor had recently sent police officers to
murder Frank Nitti, one of Capone's chief operatives.
Nitti survived the shooting, but killed himself some
time later — he wasn't thrown off a building by
Elliot Ness, as a certain film depicted). There's no
way to verify his motives or his employers; he's
dead, after all. But here's the truth of why he missed,
as told to me by amember of our Tradition who was
actually there: Zangara, while he was a crack shot,
was also very short. He stood on a chair and aimed
for the President-elect, but his chair wobbled
slightly, and he missed. Now, whatare the odds that
the chair would shift at that precise moment?

What indeed?

The Mob Prospers...

Really, even with Roosevelt putting pressure
on the Mafia, it was doing all right. As 1 mentioned,
when Prohibition died, the Mob turned to
manufacturing liquor legally and made a killing.
During the Depression, mobsters were some of the
few citizens with any cash — after all, they had
never played the stock markets or put money in
banks, so the Mafia had enough cash to get through.

(Interesting note: Somebody came up with the idea
of imposing high taxes on the now-legal liquor.
Result? People kept buying illegal, untaxed booze.)
Gambling, in the form of slot machines and "policy"
(a bettor would place money on anumber from 1 to
999, with a 600 to 1 payoff if his number came up.
The number was derived from the results of a given
horse racing track, or sometimes the last digits of
the stock market's closing number, and therefore
unfixable. We know, however, that nothing is
unfixable) provided even more cash.

Loan-sharking changed a bit during this time.
Many of the folks who needed money weren't street
scum but otherwise respectable folks who had lost
everything in the stock market. So, instead of
beating a delinquent debtor bloody, the Mob would
just become his partner, and then edge him out. By
the mid 1930s, the Mafia controlled an astonishing
diversity of businesses: hotels, car sales, imports,
drugstores, newspapers (!), food packaging and
service. The list is really endless. Of course, they
were still infecting unions, as well, driving dues up
and skimming off the top, threatening strikes if the
business owners didn't pay.

The diversity of the Mafia is staggering, no?
The reason for that is that they were (and are)
opportunists at heart. They'd jump in on. any
business they could, take enough control to make
money but leave enough space forthe business to
continue running, and rake in the cash. Makes you
wonder who they learned from, back in the rural
villages of Sicily.

find Gets Oyanized

Seems like the Mafia did a lot of "getting
organized," doesn't it? Don't forget that all of this
was taking place in a fairly short amount of time;
over a period of years, something called the
Combination (or Syndicate) was forming. Longy
Zwillman stressed the need for gangsters to present
agood front. The crazy antics of John Dillinger and
the warfare between Dutch Schultz and Vincent
"Mad Dog" Coll were bad for business. Zwillman
himself actually offered a sizeable reward for the
capture of the kidnappers of Charles Lindbergh's
son (for all the good it did).

The Mafia nailed down its policies more clearly
during this time. Louis Lepke offered to take over
enforcement of those policies, with a group of
dedicated killers (including Albert Anastasia) —
this enforcement wing of the Mob became known:

CHAPTER ONE: ADISTINGUISHED HISTORY

hau |
25


as Murder, Inc. The Mob wisely decided that
reporters and politicians. would be off limits, as
killing either of them tended to incite reprisals and
get spotlights aimed at the underworld, and that
always spelled disaster. Cops weren't exactly off
limits, as killing a cop was seen to be an occasional
necessary evil, but police were by and large excluded
from assassination.

The country was headed out of the Depression
and smack into a World War, and the Mafia would
meet that turn of events better organized than it
had been. Just like Prohibition, they'd find ways to
make moneyoff the war. But before that happened,
Abe "Kid" Reles would spill his guts, break the vow
of silence in the Mafia, and introduce Murder, Inc.
to the world.

Rals

Supposedly, a rat will do anything to survive,
which is why the term is applied to criminals who
betray their accomplices to win freedom. The policy
of granting immunity to gangsters who "ratted out"
their fellows is probably what enticed Kid Reles to
sing — thatyand he was afraid that if he didn't talk,
someone elsé'might, and then he'd be on trial.

Whatever his motives, Reles was exactly what
William O'Dwyer, the chief prosecutor of New
York in 1940, needed. Reles wasn't a don, of
course, nor was he a low-level solider. He was a
middleman, a wiseguy, and he had a photographic
memory. He gave details on the lives and minds of
Louis Lepke, Luciano, Siegel, and so on — and
never messed up once. No one has a memory that
good, right? So who fed him the information? I
know a dozen different ways that one of us could
have done so, and the bloodsuckers have also
proven themselves to be accomplished at
brainwashing (or, of course, the government or
some other more mundane group could easily have
penned his confession. Jesus, | was starting to
sound like you fora minute). But even if confessing
wasn't Reles' idea (or if someone was feeding him
information once he started to sing), whoever was
actually behind it must have had real inside data.
Reles crowed about Murder, Inc.'s ability to perform
killings, robberies, hijackings, and so forth to a
customer's specifications, and that the "customers"
in question were members of the Syndicate all
over the U.S. He led them to bodies in mob
graveyards (including one outside of town here in

A_A _A_A_A_A_A _A_A__4__

Boston; oddly enough, forensic evidence showed
that some of those bodies had been dug up and
then reburied or replaced). With his testimony,
O'Dwyer whipped through New York and arrested
nearly everybody Reles implicated. Some of those
folks, like Allie Tannenbaum, joined the chorus,
so to speak, and gave testimony in exchange for
immunity and freedom. Others received prison
time or the electric chair. One of the folks who
died there'was Louis Lepke.

Lepke was never a bootlegger, he was a sadistic
racketeer. Versatile, too — he'd use acid, knives,
guns, ice picks, or whatever else was handy to kill or
intimidate someone. With Luciano in prison (for
masterminding a prostitution ring, which he
vociferously denied) and Dutch Schultz dead, Lepke
was public enemy number one. He had been in
hiding for two years by that time, but the New York
authorities were turning up the heat on every
criminal they could find that was even loosely
connected to the Mob — which included the
bookies running numbers games. This heat was bad
for business, and Luciano (still in prison), Lansky,
and the others on the council decided that Lepke
either needed to turn himself in or die (he did both,
as it happened). Lepke walked right into a trap —
the Mob told Lepke that he'd be tried only on
federal charges and not turned over to the New
York authorities (who could book him for murder).
Lepke, agreed, and in August of 1939, got into a car
with J. Edgar Hoover, to surrender. Lepke was raked
over the coals in federal court, and then handed
over to O'Dwyer for prosecution. Tannenbaum
testified against Lepke in court (Reles did not... but
we'll get to that) and Lepke was executed in March
of 1944 (only four years after his conviction. Times
have changed...).

Reles didn't testify against Lepke, though,
because the Kid was dead. He fell out of a fifth-floor
window along with some knotted bed sheets. Not
hard to surmise what happened; someone made a
few calls and the cops assigned to guard him looked
the other way just long enough for Murder, Inc. to
pay a call.

Reles' death spared Albert Anastasia and Bugsy
Siegel (for the moment) — he was the key witness
in the cases against both men. But the underworld
was about to undergo one of its strangest twists, all

onaccount of the nationalistic paranoia that World
War II brought.

Sie
26

VN Vo ON TV VN NENT VY VN VOW a Vie

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

_A _A _A _A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Dead Mobsters

Thought I'd mention this because it's up your
alley. Mafiosi are pretty superstitious most of the
time, anda lot of them believe in ghosts. Sometimes
they'll make little concessions to their dead buddies,
and who knows if it helps or not? What I do know
is that Louis Lepke paid some old friends a visit after
he rode the lightning.

The story goes that for about eleven months
after Lepke died, a mobster who was about to get
caught by the cops (or whacked, the stories vary)
would see him in a dream, in the electric chair,
being electrocuted. The dreams apparently varied
on other points. Sometimes Lepke would talk,
sometimes he'd just point at the dreamer and grin,
whatever. But he was almost always right. A wiseguy
who had a "Lepke dream" was invariably dead or in
police custody within a week (though some mafiosi
report having close calls with death or the cops).

I don't know whether Lepke's ghost returned or
why he would take such an interest in stalking
mobsters after death, but I haven't heard any stories
of "Lepke dreams" after 1945. Not sure why that is.

vvovovivvivvvvvvivvyiiyvyéiv i iVgveuaves, V

Operation: Underworld

Never let it besaid that mobsters aren' patriotic
Americans. Their methods would never fly in most
countries, and wouldn't be nearly as profitable. But
the American Way had made a lot of gangsters very
rich, and they didn't see any reason why World War
II shouldn't be the same way. During wars, as I'm
sure you know, things like gasoline and tires are
rationed. During the Second World War, fabric,
meat and many other commodities were also
rationed, all in the name of the war effort. Citizens
received special stamps with which to buy rationed
goods. And during Prohibition, liquor kept for
medicinal purposes was only released to people
bearing special certificates. The Mob hadn't
forgotten any of its old tricks. Gangsters
counterfeited and stole the stamps, hijacked
shipments of rationed goods, and sold them off to
anyone willing to pay. Always a way to make a
profit, it seems.

But Charlie Luciano was still behind bars, and
as the "Chairman of the Board," as far as the
underworld went, that wasn't an ideal situation. In

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

a)
2


February of 1942, however, the catalyst that would
free Charlie Lucky exploded in the; Hudson River.
A luxury liner, the S. S:Normandie, which had
been converted to carry Allied troops burst into
flames and left many patriotic Americas worried
that the docks were crawling with»saboteurs.

This was ridiculous; the docks were,crawling
with mobsters and folks influenced by mobsters. If
the navy had looked at the facts — nothing got in
or. out of New York's harbors without the
Organization taking a piece of the action — they
wouldn't have worried. After all, if the Axis took
over the' U.S., would the Mob enjoy the same
freedom? Probably not. But the navy fretted, and
Charlie Lucky, working through channels, sent
word that maybe the Mafia could help the navy.
It took some time, but eventually someoné
suggested that the navy go speak to Charlie Lucky
(who had taken great pains to make sure that the idea
didn't seem to come from him). He said he'd love to
help — if he were moved from the dank cell at
Dannemora to Great Meadow Prison (moreacountry
club thana holding facility, really), he could probably
do something.

He wasn't just moved there — he was given an
office, a phone, and visiting privileges. Among his
visitors: Meyer Lansky, Frank Costello, Joe Adonis
and Albert Anastasia (by this time, Reles was dead
and there was noreal case against Anastasiaanymore).
He purported to be talking about national security,
but more likely, he and his friends were milking the
rationed-goods angle for all it was worth. But he
talked a good game, even providing postcards
picturing the Sicilian coast so that the Allies could
plan their landing. Let's be honest, here — Luciano
left Sicily as a young child and hadn't been back. But
the military bought it, and at war's end, Luciano was
freed and deported back to Italy.

So who burned the Normandie? It's not so much
a question anymore. Albert Anastasia and his
brother, "Tough Tony" did the deed personally.
Their objective was to get their boss out of prison —
and the plan went off without a hitch. Operation:
Underworld had achieved its objective in fine style.

Another Conference

The Sicilian Mafia didn't have much of an
interest in narcotics before the late 1940s. Oh,
there was the occasional pusher in their ranks —

(ua
28

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Luciano did some dealing when he was young, in
fact — but for the most part, the Mob didn't sully its
hands with drugs. Before you start thinking this
stemmed from any kind of righteousness, | suggest
you forget it — it was all about money. The
Organization recognized that the risks associated
with selling drugs weren't worth the money they'd
make, not when they had so many other enterprises
that were bringing in cash hand over fist. So the
Mob stayed'mostly.drug free until Vito Genovese
came along.

Drugs

Genovese was actually an important figure in
the Mafia — he was one of the men who murdered
Joe Masseria, in fact. He fled to Italy in 1937 when
facing a murder charge, counting on his friends in
Mussolini's government to harbor and protect
him. It worked for a while, but then the war ended,
Italy lost, and many of Il Duce's cohorts wound up
hanging. Genovese, no fool, secured a position at
an army base as a translator, but began selling off
American goods from the supply depots.
Eventually, someone caught on and contacted the
FBI to see if Genovese was wanted. He was, as it
happened — for murder — and so was shipped to
New York. However, before his ship docked, the
witness against him was poisoned and Genovese
walked. More specifically, he walked straight into
territory controlled by the Mangano and Bonanno
and started his own operations.

This was the sort of behavior that might have
led to another way, but Lansky and Luciano
stepped in and had one of their famous meetings,
this time in Havana, Cuba. Shortly before
Christmas, 1946, Genovese, Anastasia, Bonanno
and company flocked to a hotel in sunny Cuba to
attend (supposedly) a party for Frank Sinatra.
Sinatra himself arrived at that party with two of
Al Capone's cousins, so it's not difficult to guess
how he felt about the Mob.

Be that as it may, the assemblage discussed
important matters, one of which was narcotics.
Luciano, having done time on drug charges,
advised against the Mafia getting involved, but
his view was hardly universal. At the end, that
discussion was tabled and each individual boss
was told to go his own way on the subject.

Vouy iVrv, Viav ON WY  VoevaNw TN Tv W Te ee we e

Viva Las Vegas

Las Vegas was the other topic of the day. Seems
that Bugsy Siegel had a grandiose vision of Vegas as
a gambling Mecca. Up to that time, Reno was the
big attraction for gamblers, while Las Vegas' was
pretty mucha one-horse town. Siegel had borrowed
money from his friends in the Mob and in Hollywood
(he was the West Coast's boss, remember) to build
a magnificent hotel called the Flamingo. He finally
did get it built and opened, but not without some
sweating; one of the things that came out at the
meeting in Cuba was that Siegel was siphoning
money off the building funds and socking it away in
a Swiss bank.

The Mob let him live about another year. The
Flamingo opened just after Christmas in 1947. It
didn't do so well initially, but by spring, the place
was turning a profit. Siegel should have left the
country, as indeed he may have been planning, but
fate caught up with him. He was shot to death in
June, and Lansky's men took over the Flamingo.
Over the next few years, hotels started to spring up
in Vegas, created what is now called the Strip, and
nearly all of those hotels were owned in part or in
full by the Mafia.

Howard Hughes managed toscrew himself nicely
by buying up most of Nevada and making a fortune
for the Mob from the casinos. His big mistake: He
didn't hire new staff when he bought the casinos,
which meant that mafiosi were handling (and
therefore redirecting) most of the money. An
interesting attitude at the time, by the way, was that
only criminals could run casinos successfully (having
been to Vegas, I'll state that it's less criminals and
more chumps that make the casinos rich — don't
people even consider the odds of winning?) and that
criminals would run them honestly. Ha. Getting
ahead of myselfa bit, Meyer Lansky was indicted in
1969 for skimming $36 million off the Flamingo
alone, and God only knows how much money
actually found its way into Swiss banks during the
50s and 60s.

Anyway, with Hughes making profits (though
those profits didn't reflect what the casinos were
taking in even remotely), the state officials figured
they should get in on the act, and Mob share in
Vegas gambling faltered. Today, while the
Rothsteins keep a hand in, most of the gambling in
Vegas is legit.

Things Are Tough All Over

In 1947, Luciano was expelled from Cuba and
shipped back to Italy at the insistence of Harry
Anslinger, director of the Bureau of Narcotics.
Anslinger was convinced (ironically) that Luciano
was a drug lord, staying in Cuba to oversee
shipments of narcotics into the States. That might
have been true, but Luciano denied it. It didn't
matter; the U.S. threatened to withhold medicine
and supplies from Cuba if they didn't déport him
to Italy. They did, and there he remained.

The Kefauver Commission

But Luciano might have counted himself
fortunate — he never had to appear on television
and deny his links to organized crime. Beginning in
May of 1950, a special committee pioneered by
Tennessee's Senator Estes Kefauver toured the
country, putting organized crime's figures on the
witness stand and grilling them unmercifully.Most
of them pled the Fifth Amendment, of course, but
that wasn't the point. The committee wasn't formed
to gain a lot of convictions, it wasformed because
Kefauver wanted to know the extent and scope of
organized crime in America — and he felt the
people should know, too.

And the people found out. If Kefauver had
simply published his'findings, even in the daily
news, it probablywouldn't have had asmuch of an
impact. But the committee hearings were televised,
and Americans sat glued to the sets, watching the
Mafia shift uncomfortably as Kefauver and his
committee rattled off charges of racketeering,
extortion, and murder and then, almost as an
afterthought, asked for confirmation. The gangsters
either denied it or refused to answer, but that
didn't matter. Albert Anastasia and Joe Adonis, as
well as scores of lower-level hoods, had their faces
broadcast all across the country. Frank Costello,
who had tried so desperately to become a
respectable businessman, refused to let the cameras
show his face. Instead, they captured his hands,
nervously drumming his fingers or fiddling with
his cigarettes, and his shaky voice, and that was
probably worse for him. It didn't help that he
changed stories often, left the room when he
became agitated, and refused to produce documents
that the committee requested.

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

=
29


Aftermath

Costello didn't serve substantial jail time as a
direct result of the hearings, but he did lose his
leadership role in the Syndicaté, He wasn't the only
one. Joe Adonis was indicted on gambling charges,
and a host of other indictments followed. He fled,
the country and returned to Italy. Willie Moretti,
another leader and a partner of Longy Zwillman,
didn't have the chance to go to prison. He was
murdered instead (though, since his mind was
starting.to go due to advanced paresis, the same
disease that supposedly killed Capone, this was
more a mercy killing than an assassination).

Vito Genovese, however, was doing fine. He'd
been all but ignored during the Kefauver
commission's circus. Yes, he'd been subpoenaed but
had left the country during that time, and since hé
was regarded as a second-tier hood, the commission
didn't go looking for him. After the hoopla from the
commission died down, he assumed control of the
Luciano family. He was already second only to
Costello in that role, and since Costello had decided
to retire from the Syndicate altogether, Genovese
could have had the family to himself.

But the principle sin and guiding philosophy of
the Mafia is and always has been greed. Genovese
didn't want tobe "just" the head of the Luciano
family, he wanted to be the new capo di tutti capi.
Apparently, what had happened to Masseria and
Maranzano escaped his attention. At any rate, he
disobeyed a direct order from the ruling council
(including votes from Luciano and Adonis in Italy)
and sent a hit man after Costello.

The assassin, Vicente "The Chin" Gigante,
screwed up. He grazed Costello's head but did no
real damage. He was eventually tried for the
attempted murder, but Costello, in Mafia tradition,
wouldn't identify him, so he walked.

Costello, for his part, had no desire to dodge
bullets for the rest of his life (he was having enough
trouble dodging jail time), so he offered Genovese
a deal. If Genovese would stop trying to have him
shot, Costello wouldn't bring up the matter to the
council (which basically meant that Genovese
wouldn't be shot in retaliation). They agreed,
Costello went back to playing shuffleboard, and
Genovese went back to New York to direct his
"family" with an iron fist.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

A_A _A_A_A_A_4A_4 __

Neither of the men meant to keep his word, of
course. Genovese still wanted control, and was
afraid that Costello might try to stop him by proxy.
Costello didn't want to see the Syndicate in the
hands ofa petty drug dealer like Genovese. Genovese
figured that if Costello was going to act against him,
it would be through Albert Anastasia. Anastasia's
underboss was a mafioso named Carlo Gambino,
and he.wanted control of the Anastasia family. So
Gambino'threwin with Genovese, and contracted
Anastasia's murder out to the Gallo brothers. On
October 25, 1957, Albert Anastasia sat down in a
barber's chair. "Crazy Joe" Gallo and another man,
likely one of this brothers, walked into the shop and
shot the feared Lord High Executioner of Murder
Inc. to death. Gambino took control of Anastasia's
interests. Genovese set a date for a meeting of all of
the underworld's bosses. Rather than have the
meeting in a major city, however, he decided on a
small town in upstate New York called Apalachin.

The Apalachin Debacle

Someone wasn't thinking ahead. It might have
been Genovese, for holding the meeting in the tiny
town in the first place. It might have been Joseph
Barbara, who owned the country estate where the
meeting was taking place. Either way, the sudden
reservation of dozens of hotel rooms and purchase
of meat and other supplies in great quantity didn't
escape the notice of the New York State Police. As
limousines from all over the country arrived and all
headed for the same place, the cops decided that
something interesting was going on and put
roadblocks around the house. A minor thug —
likely out for a smoke or just standing guard —
noticed the roadblocks, and rushed inside to sound
the alarm.

No one did jail time as a direct result of
Apalachin, because having a meeting isn'ta crime.
"But it was funny as hell," one of the officers was
later quoted as saying. "All these middle-aged
mobster guys jumping out of windows, running
through the woods. Even if we couldn't book
them, it was still fun rounding them up." And
what a catch, indeed. Genovese, Joe Profaci, Joe
Bonanno, and nearly 60 other mafiosi were captured
(and later released). But there were nearly 100 on
the guest list. Some of them escaped into the
woods, and I'll touch on that in a sec. A few

A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

actually managed to escape by hiding out in the
cellar until the police left. Among them: Dominic
Cardona, Jr. And the mobsters in charge of Chicago
and New Orleans never showed at all, claiming
delays en route, but since both of those cities were
still loyal to Luciano and Costello, it makes you
wonder how accidental the Apalachin incident
really was.

Genovese's hopes for control of the Mob went
up in smoke. No one was going to swear loyalty to
him now. But a power vacuum had appeared in the
underworld. Many of the major players were in
prison (Genovese was indicted on drug charges in
1959 and given 15 years), out of the business
(Costello), too new to the organization (Gambino)
or too busy with their own troubles to lead (Profaci).

An afterthought for Apalachin: I mentioned
that some of the gangsters who fled ran into the
woods. A few of those, including an up-and-comer
in the Profaci family, were never seen again. I've
visited Apalachin and I wandered close to those
woods, and focused a bit on the forests around the
town. What I felt was an air of chaos and sheer rage
like I've never encountered. Mafia lore has it that
the few gangsters who vanished after Apalachin left
the country or were shot by rivals in the confusion.
I think they met a much worse fate.

The Gallo-Profaci War

Profaci's troubles had much to do with the
Gallo brothers. "Crazy Joe" Gallo had a reputation
of being somewhat difficult to work with, but he
was, in some ways, a visionary. Many of the Italian
and Jewish mobsters shunned blacks, but Gallo
figured that much of inner-city crime was going to
be black-controlled in years to come, just in terms
of sheer numbers. He also realized that no matter
what kind of rules or honor codes the Mafia set for
itself, they would always be broken — change and
eventual breakdown is inevitable in any system, as
we well know. Frankly, that kind of entropy started
showing up long before this war. Hell, Luciano
contributed to it by wiping out the Mustache Petes.
The established order gets a little too established,
stifles change and growth, and then everything falls
apart, leading to change again. The slide from
Dynamism to Stasis to Entropy repeats itself.

Sorry about that little diatribe. In any event,
the Gallo brothers worked with Joe Profaci for a
time, but then started demanding bigger pieces of

the profits. Profaci, not a particularly generous
fellow, turned down their requests. Crazy Joe
responded by kidnapping Profaci's brother, brother-
in-law, and two bodyguards and held them for
ransom. That was-probably the true beginning of
the Gallo-Profaci War, such as it was.

The war didn't start off with much in the way
of fireworks. Gallo's victims were released
unharmed when Profaci promised payment. He
didn't follow through, of course. Instead, he ordered
a Gallo enforcer murdered. Then, Latry Gallo
(Crazy Joe's brother) received an invitation to
meet and receive the first payment. What he got
instead was a noose around the neck. Luck was
with Gallo, however; a passing cop asked what was
going on and Profaci's soldiers shot at the cop,
giving Gallo time to get free.

The Gallo-Profaci War wasn't as exciting as, say,
the Castellammarese War. The highlight was when
the Gallo brothers, holed up in their President Street
bunker, saved a family from a nearby building that
burst in flames one night. Joe Gallo and Joe Profaci
both left the war for reasons entirely unconnected
with it. Gallo wound up in prison on an extortion
charge, and Profaci died of cancer in June of 1962.
Both sides claimed victory in war. It's always hard to
admit that nobody won.

The Banana War

With Profaci.dead and the Gallos crippled,
control of the Profaci family passed to Joe
Maggliocco,Profaci's aforementioned brother-in-
law. He wasn't exactly a terrifying figure; he was
weak and sick much of the time. Meanwhile,
Tommy Lucchese's family was still going strong,
and Carlo Gambino was gaining power as well. It
wasn't either of these figures, however, who would
make the next move.

Joseph "Joe Bananas" Bonanno was the don of
the smallest family in New York, but he had fingers
in every pie from Brooklyn to the Caribbean. He,
like Genovese before him, set his sights on ultimate
rule over the Mob (don't these people ever learn?)
and set out to kill Lucchese, Gambino, Buffalo boss
Steve Magaddino, and the Los Angles boss, Frank
DeSimone (that DeSimone was even added to the
list was something he might have found flattering,
were he not so terrified. After Bugsy Siegel was
killed and his bodyguard Mickey Cohen took over
most of his rackets, though DeSimone was nominally

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY


in charge, Cohen didn't even pay him tribute much
of the time. Indeed, the West Coast Mob is often
called the "Mickey Mouse Mafia"). Bonanno needed
help for such an ambitious-undertaking.— the
phrase "biting off more than you can chew"leaps
readily to mind — and went to Maggliocco. The
new Profaci family boss, in turn, gavéithe contract
to a rising start in the family, Joe Colombo.
Colombo was a survivor, and he reckoned his
odds of survival were much better if he betrayed
Bonanhoand Maggliocco to their intended victims.
The council summoned both of them: Maggliocco
showed up and begged for his life. The council
figured (correctly) that he was too cowardly to
conceive the plot and let him live. He died of a
heart attack a few months later. In reward for his
honesty, Colombo was granted leadership of the
Profaci family, making him the youngest American
mafioso to gain such a distinguished position.
Bonanno, on the other hand, didn't appear
before the council. It didn't help for long, as he
was abducted off the street at gunpoint in October
of 1964 :and kept prisoner by Magaddino for
nearly two years (at the time, of course, he was
presumed dead). In the meantime, his family
split down the middle. The council put a loyal
mobster named Gaspar DiGregorio at the head of
the Bonanno family, while many of Bonanno's
men put their loyalty in Bill Bonanno, Joe
Bananas' son. The two sides went to war, racking
up a decent body count but with neither side
really winning much in the way of decisive
victories. When Joe finally reappeared, he jumped
into the war, guns blazing (breaking a promise to
the council that he'd accept the council's choice,
which had changed from DiGregorio to Paul
Sciacca, and go retire in Arizona).
Bonanno probably could have won the war.
He was shrewd and effective, as were his soldiers,
and the bodies on the Sciacca side mounted more
quickly than on Bonanno's side. In 1968, however,
fate intervened — Bonanno suffered a heart
attack and dropped out of the war, retiring to
Arizona and retaining only his western interests.
Sciacca took control of his holdings in New
York, for a time (Sciacca was demoted in 1970).
And of course things continue on like this,
but there's a notable exception here, right?
Where's Dominic Cardona, Jr., anyway? I've seen

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

him pop up twice, once when he told his story
about Capone, and once in the basement of
Joseph Barbara's house in Apalachin. Of course,
I know your beef with him, but as that happened
in 1980, I'll assume that this history's enough.
He's not an important figure, Mark. He wronged
you, and as you had the opportunity to finish him
and didn't, I think its up to you to come out here
and do it. I'll act as backup for you, if you'd like.
I've seen Gardona around the wharves just lately,
as I said earlier. He seems to frequent the same
places I do (of course, I've been hanging around
some Mafia-esque places of late, looking for info
that I can't find in books).

Anyway, let me know if you still need more
info. Or, just fly out here and we'll talk face to face.

— Jerry

The Next Generation

Ireceived your letter yesterday. All right, Mark,
you asked for it. Here's the rest of the Mob's history,
from the early 60s to modern days, but I'll warn you
about something. As the FBI and other enforcement
agencies get smarter (and better equipped) with
respect to catching criminals (witness the Donnie
Brasco affair, which I'll discuss) the Mafia responds
by lying its collective ass off. There's a lot of
misinformation floating around out there, much of
it in the hands of the low-level soldati, so don't be
too surprised if something that you read here today
gets contradicted in the news tomorrow. Now,
admittedly, my home recipe for truth —a rote I call
"Truth in Advertising" — does allow me to sift
through the press-induced crap, but using it on
newspapers leaves a bitter taste in my mouth
(literally, since part of the ritual requires me to sip
a drink flavored with ink). So, perhaps what's here
isa bit more true than what you might read elsewhere.

Another Canary

In 1962, a low-level punk named Joseph
Valachi, who had worked under Maranzano's
organization, and then Luciano's and finally
Genovese's, found himself doing 15 to 20 for drug
trafficking. Worse, there were rumors circulating
that he was an informer, and his cellmate happened
to be Vito Genovese himself. Genovese marked

Ver V SV isto ce GVoTV TV TV mVaEre ov DY eee Vow vy Vey


Valachi for death. After surviving three attempts
on his life, Valachi mistook a prisoner for an
assassin sent to kill him and beat the poor guy to
death with a pipe.

Now facing a murder rap and a life sentence,
Valachi sang for his life. The FBI surrounded him
with guards and he gave testimony. But unlike Kid
Reles, who gave testimony in minute and correct
detail, Valachi told stories that often contradicted
each other. Plus, he wasn't very bright — he refused
to believe that non-Italians held any real power in
the Mafia, even after Meyer Lansky had been a Mob
leader for decades. He referred to Genovese as the
"boss of bosses," but I've already discussed how that
bid for power turned out.

Valachi's testimony might have made for good
television and press, but it wasn't very accurate. It
did, however, give the Mafia one of its most
commonly used monikers: La Cosa Nostra, or "our
thing." Mafiosi occasionally used the phrase in
casual conversation, and it was never really used
to denote the organization as a whole. Valachi,
however, did use it that way. This, in turn, gave J.

vVvvvevevvvvyviviyvyséivyvivyiov«*«OV= ‘Viv Vv gear, V

Edgar Hoover, the head of the FBI (who for 30
years had insisted:that there was no Mafia), a
chance to redeem himself. There was no Mafia, he
said, because it was called La Cosa Nostra and the
FBI had been investigating and infiltrating them
for a number of years now. Sure, Edgar. Nice dress.
Infiltration of the Mob was, in fact, only a few
years away, but we'll get there.

The FBI started going after the Mafia, but not
with any real energy. The only reasons Hoover
made an attempt at all were because he'd been
embarrassed by the whole debacle — the old G
Man hated bad press — and because Attorney
General Robert Kennedy kept hounding him to
do it. Hoover based many of his initiatives on
Valachi's testimony, however, which meant the
Lansky and his ilk were safe (for the time being).
However, Kennedy wasn't quite so shortsighted,
and came up with some interesting tactics. One
was a statute stating that if a defendant testified to
gain immunity, he couldn't cite the Fifth
Amendment to avoid self-incrimination (which
only makes sense).

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

=
33


Whatever the veracity of Valachi's testimony, it
helped the law. By 1966, more of New York's mobsters
had been jailed than in the previous 30 years.

Strange Days

Blame it on the Red Scare, the rapidadvance of
technology, or just the heat, but some odd things
have happened in recent decades. Some of those
have involved organized crime.

Kennedys

The Kennedy family has had problems withthe
Mafia for decades, right back to Boston, when the
Giovanni family backed Francis Milliner against
Timothy Kennedy (reportedly, the Milliners
continue this vendetta to this day, to the point that
they bought the Kennedy mansion out from under
them and then leased the damned thing back to
them). Probably the one that gave them the most
trouble was Bobby Kennedy, though.

Robert Kennedy, as I mentioned, was U.S.
Attorney General from 1961 to 1967, but had been
after the Mob for longer than that. Throughout the
Teamsters Union issues, when Jimmy Hoffa was
hiring Mafia thugs right and left, Kennedy was
there trying to get it sorted out. When he became
attorney general, he took a cattle prod to Hoover to
get him moving (not that it helped much). Past
officials liked to make a show of going after the Mob
but were often bought or gave up on the fight when
the public's interest shifted. Robert Kennedy didn't,
and in 1968 (afterhe'd resigned as attorney general)
he got shot for it in the kitchen of the Ambassador
Hotel in Los Angeles.

Supposedly, a Palestinian named Sirhan Sirhan
shot Kennedy, but I don't buy it. You know I'm not
a conspiracy theorist, but there's a lot of evidence
suggesting that Sirhan could not possibly have
inflicted the wounds on Kennedy that he did,
giving the way they were facing and so forth. Also,
there's the "Polka Dot Dress" theory: Reportedly, a
woman outside the hotel was exclaiming, "We shot
him!" after the assassination.

I really have no information on the truth of his
assassination, but I do know that Sirhan, as of 1997,
was professing innocence (at first he said he did it,
then he didn't remember). He was sentenced to die,
but he, like Charles Manson, was saved by the

decision that the death penalty was unconstitutional
(thank God they came to their senses on that one).
So, why has his story changed? Lies from the
beginning, orsubtle mind control that's now wearing
off? Who knows?

The other Kennedy, JFK, had his own Mafia
issues, but the Mobactually supported his presidency.
Seems strange at first, but the story goes that Joe
Kennedy (John's father) had Mob ties himself, and
asked for Sam Giancana's help in getting JFK elected.
Why Giancanaagreed, ifindeed he did, isa mystery,
but most likely, he though John would owe him
favors and therefore get Bobby to back the hell off
the Mafia once John was in office. As we know, it
didn't work out that way.

But either way, JFK beat Nixon by a ridiculously
slim margin in the 1961 election. Reports have
Giancana's boys stuffing ballot boxes and campaign
funds from LCN channeled to Kennedy through
(who else?) Frank Sinatra. Another interesting
little twist concerns a woman named Judith Exner,
a sometime "companion" of both Sinatra and
Giancana. She acted as acourier of messages between
Sam and John, and made phone calls to the
president, completely unaware that she was being
followed by the authorities (for her association with
Giancana, as it turned out).

So why didn't any of this come to light at the
time? Simple. The President was having an affair
with a woman who had Mafia ties. The attorney
general was the only one pushing for the FBI to
crack down on the Mafia. The attorney general
was... the president's brother.

Thicker than water, indeed.

Operation: Mongoose

Every time the federal government gets cozy
with the Mafia it ends up getting burned. But it still
happens sometimes; the government assumes that
because mafiosi tend to be patriotic Americans,
their motives for that patriotism are purely
nationalistic. That's not true; most Mafia motives
are selfish. The plots to assassinate Fidel Castro
during the 1960s were no exception.

Castro had driven Meyer Lansky out of Cuba,
which meant that a large chunk of gambling dollars
was no longer his. Lansky was also anti-Communist;
criminals are, of necessity, capitalists, and usually
conservative. The more free stuff, be it medical

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

VAG CV FV Ve TV ev oy van


supplies, food, or whatever liberals wantyto give
away, the less money ultimately ends up changing
hands, and that's bad for business. Organized crime
is very dog-eat-dog capitalist, to the point that in
Italy, the crime families will support fascist
governments over communist (youcan make friends
with fascists and help them with their takeovers,
but real communists just want to give everything
away). Anyway, when talk of taking Castro down
began to circulate, he offered support. Howard
Hughes, another paranoid anti-Communist, put
out a search for Mafia soldiers willing to help kill
Castro. His people came up with Sam Giancana,
the Chicago boss, and Johnny Roselli, one of his
soldiers. Somewhere along the way, Florida boss
Santo Trafficante, Jr. signed on as well.

The Mafia actually scammed the CIA for years
on this matter. The Agency suggested machine-
gunning Castro. Roselli pointed out that while that
would be fine in Chicago, the getaway car might
have trouble getting off the island. The CIA came
up with poisons, explosives, bugs, and even a virus
that would cause Castro's beard to fall off (thus
destroying his image). None of these methods was
ever even attempted. Trafficante and company just
ignored them, fed the CIA stories about their
friends in "rebel forces" in Cuba, and squeezed the
Agency for funds.

Giancana took it beyond money and asked the
CIA to do him a favor. That "favor" turned out to
be bugging a hotel room so that Giancana could
ascertain whether ornot Phyllis McGuire was having
an affair with comedian Dan Rowan (Giancana
considered McGuire his property). Unfortunately,
Las Vegas deputies arrested the men doing the
bugging (thinking they were burglars) and the
whole incident had to be covered up.

Giancana died in 1975, shot from behind by an
unknown assailant while cooking sausages in his
home. Underworld lore holds that the CIA killed
him and made it look like a mob hit to keep him
from talking — that indeed, many assumed Mafia
hits over the next two decades were actually
government-initiated. Of course, more forces than
the government have interests in keeping the Mob
down. After Giancana was shot, the police found
his dog curled up under a table, shaking like a leaf.
It didn't growl or even react to anyone around it,
and died later that day, apparently of shock. Makes
you wonder who had it in for Giancana, doesn't it?

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

The Italian-American Image Problem

Between Kefauver's commission and Mario
Puzo's book The Godfather (and the films based
on it), the Italian-American community wasn't
looking too respectable. Often, folks assumed
that any Italian businessman had to be associated
with the Mob (or La Cosa Nostra, pardon me).
Not surprisingly, the Italian-American
community was annoyed by these assumptions
and, like many ethnic groups of the time, spoke
out against persecution and discrimination.
What's funny is that it was the mobsters who
organized much of the demonstrations. Joe
Colombo was the most outspoken.

He chose an interesting target for his vitriol:
the FBI. Since the LCN revelation, the Feds had
been dispersing a great deal of gangster-related
information, which wasn't doing the Italian-
American people any good. So Colombo formed
the Italian-American Civil Rights League. His
people and area Italian merchants (sometimes
under pressure from Colombo — ironic, no?)
picketed FBI offices with signs and chants. He also
insisted that everyone working for him hold down
areal job. Ina society that holds contempt for the
average 9-to-5 working man, youcan imagine how
well that went over.

Colombo was calling,too much: attention to
himself and to the Mafia, ifindirectly. Things came
to a head when he held a massive rallysin New
York's Columbus Circle with 50,000 in attendance.
Colombo emerged a hero, for the moment. His
movement had the effect he wanted: The FBI, the
television networks, even Hollywood stopped
equating "Italian-American" with "Mafia." (I'm
reminded of the classic defense against libel: If one's
statements are true, it's not really libel. It's the same
here, really —folks accusing Colombo's organization
of being Mafia-backed were absolutely right, but
that didn't seem to matter.)

The League intended to have another rally in
June of 1971, but the underworld was hardly
supportive. Joe Gallo, recently out of prison, was
threatening shopkeepers to stay open during the
rally, sometimes during the same day that Colombo's
men threatened them to close. Carlo Gambino, too,
withdrew his men from the League. Colombo didn't
seem to notice the problems, and showed up at the
rally, just as he had the year before, smiling at the
crowd. He was still smiling when Jerome Johnson,

Vouv vo VvVioVvViSiO#wy VY VON OVO OV IV VV eae, Vv

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

=T
35


A_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A4__

=
36

wearing reporter credentials, stepped up to him and
shot him in the head. three times. Colombo's
bodyguards immediately shot the young man.

Colombo wasn't killed outright, but lingered in
acoma for seven years before finally dying. But the
question remained: Why had Johnson, a black
man, shot a Mafia boss? The stories 'Vary, but one
makes sense. Joe Gallo, you'll remember, had
connections in the black crime community and
could easily have called in the hit. Gallo, at the
time, "Was demanding recriminations from back
during the Profaci-Gallo War, and so had the
motive. He also would have known that while none
of his Italian men could get close to Colombo, a
black reporter certainly could.

There's another story in circulation that may or
may not be true, but it's interesting. The tale goes
that Gambino went to Colombo and ordered him
to stop fooling around, that he was generating too
much heat by antagonizing the FBI. Colombo
responded by spitting in Gambino's face.

So, did Gallo whack Colombo of his own accord,
or did Gambino take out the contract? No way to
know. The'authorities, while not at all sorry to see
Colombo go, had trouble determining who was
head of the family. In fact, the Colombo family
leadership would remain in nearly constant flux
from the 70s on:

1970 saw the passage of the RICO Act — the
Racketeer-Influenced and Corrupt Organization
Act. It allowed courts to sentence bosses to long
prison stretches if they could prove a pattern of
incriminating activity throughout a business or
string of businesses.

You can probably see the problems already;
RICO was vague, slightly unconstitutional (as it
legalized guilt by association in some ways) and in
the 70s, juries weren't convicting people with it.
About the most success it had was in 1972 Boston,
when several members of the Giovanni
organization (who are still around, they're just
better at hiding than any of the major families)
went up on RICO charges. I don't have the results
handy, but I do remember reading that none of
those tried did any time. I don't recall if that was
because they weren't convicted or if their boss
rubbed them out after the trial.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

But apart from that trial, RICO didn't get
much use until the 1980s, when it would be used
to prosecute not only mobsters, but striking
workers and picketers. Obviously, the law still
needs further definition.

Donnie Brasco

His real name was Joe Pistone, and he was an
FBI agent with a unique assignment. He was sent
undercover in the»Mafia, and remained so from
1976 until 1982. His cover wasn't really blown,
either: He was given a contract ona man's life, and
the Fibbies decided it wasn't in the spirit of upholding
the law to letan agent commit premeditated murder.
So, they withdrew him from duty and he spent the
next five years acting as a witness in trials, putting
nearly 100 mobsters away.

Of course, there's a contract out on the
man's life. Open-ended, $500,000 and climbing
yearly. It's never been fulfilled — no one's ever
gotten close. Why not? Well, for a number of
reasons. For one thing, the man's not stupid and
takes precautions to keep himself safe. For
another, he has friends he doesn't even know
about. And those friends make sure that, one
way or another, Pistone is one lucky guy.

Changing Times

Everything moves in cycles, right? As the old
mafiosi died or were imprisoned, others stepped up
to take their places. As older rackets fell to the
wayside, the Mob found new ones.

New Business

"Sex sells," goes the adage, and the Mafia knows
it. Pornography became a best friend to the mob, as
easily reproduced movies, photos and books began
appearing with greater frequency. For a long time,
it was a niche market; everybody drank, but very
few folks were interested in porno (or, at least,
would spend money on it).

And then the 1960s rolled around and the
Supreme Court made some rulings that left law
enforcement confused as to what pornography
really was. It was illegal, theoretically, but hard
to prosecute successfully (and cops had better
things to do, anyway). The Mob recognized a
gold mine, and sleazy bookstores and porn

theaters began popping up. The other advantage
to this was that since much of the business was
cash-based and therefore anonymous, the Mob
could report inflated numbers of books and
movies sold and thereby launder money from
other operations.

Every now and then, someone tries to stamp
out pornography. Giuliani tried it recently in New
York. You know what? It never works. People have
been interested in watching, reading about, and
seeing pictures of sex for centuries if not longer,
and it really doesn't hurt anyone (until you start
getting into rape and snuff flicks and kiddie porn,
of course). Whenever the heat turns up, the sex
industry goes further underground fora while, and
then just edges its way into public view, a foot at
atime, until they're doing business on every street
corner as usual. The Mob knows the score, the
pornographers know the score, everybody seems
to know the score except the repressed individuals
who want to wipe out the "smut."

Another profitable venture cropped up in 1964
and continues to this day, and once again, the
Mob has the federal government to thank. When
the shocking revelation that cigarettes are bad for
you came to light, the Feds thought it would be a
good idea to tax them, since maybe then people
would decide it was too expensive and quit
(apparently, they hadn't spend any significant
time around a smoker, or they'd know better). Just
as with alcohol, the Mob realized that they could
get cigarettes cheap in one place (North Carolina,
as it happened) and sell them off in New York.
Bootleg cigarettes aren't as profitable as, say,
bootleg liquor was way back when, but it's certainly
a good side business.

And then there's the narcotics business.
Underworld mythology has it that the bosses had
a code against narcotics. What that evolved into
was a kind of "don't ask, don't tell" thing. Don't
tell the boss where the money is coming from, and
he won't ask. And even that isn't true, because all
of the major families have their fingers in the drug
trade somewhere along the line. They just won't
admit it.

The Old Guard

The 70s and 80s saw the deaths of many of the
familiar faces on the Mob scene. Here's a short
list, just so you know where they went:

¢ Luciano died of a heart attack in 1962. He
was allowed to come "home" for burial, and was
interred in New York City.

¢ Frank Costello died in 1973. His wife refused
to allow mafiosiatthe funeral.

* Meyer Lansky finally ran afoul of the law
in 1970 and tried to flee to Israel under the Law
of Return (anyone with a Jewish mother could
claim citizenship). It didn't work; the Israeli
government rejected him and he was tried for
income tax evasion in 1974. Unlike Capone, he
fought it and won, and the law gave up on him.
He died of natural causes in 1983.

© "Crazy Joe" Gallo was gunned down in
1972 while dining with his family and friends.
His sister vowed over his coffin that the streets
would "run red," and they did for several weeks
thereafter.

© Joe Adonis died of natural causes in Italy in
1972. He and Luciano didn't remain close during
their time in exile, though Adonis did attend
Luciano's requiem mass in Naples.

The New Mafia

Luciano and crew took over the Mafia by
being young and spry. The newest crop would do
the same. A 60-year-old man»facing a 30-year
prison sentence is likely to turn) because if he
doesn't, he'll spend the rest of his life in prison.
But a younger man can do that time easily, and
probably only serve a few years and get out early
for good behavior.

Thus, as the old guard died away, there were
newer men ready to take the reins of power, usually
in the time-honored way of killing one's boss. This
was how John Gotti, the "Teflon Don" or "Dapper
Don," took power in the Gambino family.

Carlo Gambino himself died in 1976 of a
heart attack, but before death, he named Paul
Castellano as his successor. By rights, the better
choice would have been Aniello Dellacroce, his
underboss, but Castellano was Gambino's
brother-in-law, and family won out over
competence (Don't laugh, it happens all the
time. Even in the presidency.). At any rate,
Dellacroce took control of many of the family's
operations in Manhattan, which kept things
cool for a while.

ny ovvvyvvyevyevyeVYGeVYVYVYWVYVWV V OV SOV every,

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY

=
30

A_A_A _ A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Dellacroce also kept the Young Turks in line.
John Gotti, one of these Turks, was a tough and
ruthless man who patterned himself after Albert
Anastasia, and might have-moved to take over
the family sooner if it hadn't been for Dellactoce.
Meanwhile, Castellano was grooming a man
named Thomas Bilotti to take over for him. He
even promoted Bilotti to the rank of capo, making
him Gotti's equal. Gotti knew that when
Dellacroce died, he was not long for the world
unless he.acted.

Aniello "Mr. Neil" Dellacroce died of cancer in
early December of 1985. Exactly two weeks later, as
Bilotti and Castellano stepped from a limo to enter
a steak house, they were shot to death. John Gotti
was later heard to wonder in FBI-bugged buildings
who had killed them. Who, indeed?

At any rate, Gotti made the Gambino family
more powerful than ever, beating several raps in
the 80s for racketeering and other charges. And
then, in 1992, his underboss, Sammy "The Bull"
Gravano, sang. Gotti was convicted on RICO
charges and sentenced to life without parole.
Gotti's sonyJohn Gotti, Jr., took over the family
for his father, but lacked the senior Gotti's savvy
and general intelligence (another example of family
ties mucking up,a perfectly good operation).

Meanwhile, the Genovese family had some
interesting turns, too. Vito Genovese himself died
in prison in 1969, and leadership of the family was
uncertain for a time. Finally, Carlo Gambino
installed Frank "Funzi" Tieri as head of Genovese
operations, and he did quite well, bringing back
Genovese power and continuing to support Carlo
Gambino. Indeed, when Gambino died in 1976,
Tieri was probably the most powerful don in the
country. Indeed, if John Gotti was Albert Anastasia
incarnate, some felt Frank Tieri to be Lucky
Luciano reborn. Ruthless when he had to be, Tieri
was a moneymaker, and would advocate easy
payment schedules for debtors who could pay back
some, if not all, of their owed monies.

Tieri died of natural causes in 1981, having
beaten nine arrests in previous years. The last one,
which resulted in a 10-year sentence, was handed
down two months before his death. The score, as
thesunderworld likes to say, was 10-zip, Funzi.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

For the next six years, the leadership of the
family remained in uncertain hands. In 1987,
however, Vicente "The Chin" Gigante, whom
you'll remember as the guy who failed to kill Frank
Costello some years before, assumed control of the
Genovese family.

Gigante may have acted dumb, but he was a
shrewd leader. Under his command, the Genovese
family"eclipsed even the Gambinos under John
Gotti. Giganté»took what he though were
precautions to avoid prosecutions, mostly stumbling
around his neighborhood in a bathrobe muttering
to himself, figuring he couldn't be prosecuted if
found incompetent. He was right; had he been
found incompetent, he would not have been
prosecuted. His ploy didn't work, however, and in
1997, at the age of 71, he was sentenced to 12 years
in prison. Dominick "Quiet Dom" Cirillo took
control of the Genovese family.

Crime Marches On

Just lately, the ploy has been to claim that the
Mafia is dead. It isn't. A lot of powerful people pull
strings in LCN. Wars break out, police and politicos
are bought — it all just isn't as obvious as it was 30
years ago. Anyway, you'll notice | skipped
Cardona's unfortunate involvement with you and
that botched Good Death in 1980, but I figure you
know all about that.

Look, you've convinced me. The guy is
dangerous, probably taking orders from someone
even more dangerous, he's got to go. It won't be
hard. Consider it done.

— Jerry

Treachery

Got your last letter. It's done; Cardona Jr. sleeps
with the fishes, if you'll pardon my melodrama.
Wasn't real enthused with your questions; the
Mafia's supernatural connections aren't really my
strong point. The Mafia also has friends in weird
places — I've mentioned vampires occasionally,
and even we take a hand, but I'm not going to tell
you about that.


—A_A—A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_ A A A A A A A A

Why? Because you're a fraud. You're not Mark.
Remember that "Truth in Advertising" thing I
mentioned? It works on letters, too. Now, I don't
know what you've done with my friend, but Ido
know that you manipulated me into killing someone.

That he needed to die anyway is not the point. lam
going to come and find you, and it will take some
time, but believe me when I tell you it all comes
back around.

Sleep well.

— Jerry Giamatta

CHAPTER ONE: A DISTINGUISHED HISTORY


.

hen

| ‘mi

‘uml

Virv =v

Wo Van Ver Vor.

V wre F, a i Ma Ces,

aad
40 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A__A_A

Chapter Two:
age
Wort ene

ee

Luca Brasi held a gun to his head, and my father assured him that either his brains —

or his signature
Michael Corleone, The Godfather

The following is a transcript of a recorded
conversation between Don Antonio Cardona of
Malta and his childe, Nicholas Romero. For reasons
undetermined, only the voice of Romero appears on
the tape; operators deny any mechanical failure and
are at a loss to explain the discrepancy.

Felice notte, Don Cardona. May | say again how
delighted we are that you are back with us after your
long sleep? Your presence makes the night brighter for
all of us.

Did youenjoy your reception? The effort involved
in assembling the Orders of St. John after so many
years was prodigious, but I felt that you would—

Myapologies, Don Cardona. You're absolutely right.
The point, of course. Forgive me for wasting your time.

As per your standing orders, my sire, we have been
keeping a very close watch over your mortal family,
giving them a bit of a boost here or a leg up there.

A Ge Ae Be Be Ga Sao, ia, a am Se (Sa GD, MD Cie, OR > ST Sead Cae' I. f

would be on the contract. That's a true story. That's my family, Kay.

You'll be delighted to know that they have, during
your absence, obtained a position of great significance
as the core of the Maltese Family of...

Merda. You do not know what has become of the
Mafia during your time away, do you? It is —somewhat
difficult to explain, Don Cardona, and may take much
time. Still, if you wish it...

You do? Allright, then. Here where we stand with
this thing of ours.

The Families ofLaCosa Nostra

would, I think, be the place to begin. It's not an
system to describe concisely. The Maltese, for

example, are but one of many great Families in a
society that stands away from the light. It is not, if
you'll pardon my descent into metaphor, entirely
unlike the Kindred themselves.

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

4

Consisting, as it does, of multiple Families, the
Mafia is nota specific unit, and never acts as a unified
body. Instead, each Family is essentially an
independent entity in a larger society — again,
somewhat like our own clans among the Camarilla.

Connections exist, levels of authority if you will.
Smaller Families answer to larger ones. The Gambino
Family, for instance, holds a vast territory, but that is
not to say, that other Families do not operate within.
Rather, they receive permission from the Gambino to
set up shopin exchange fora percentage of their profits.

Sometimes, of course, Families do not ask
permission. Sometimes they poach on the territory of
another Family, and then, if negotiations break down,
we have war. More on that inamoment, Don Cardona,
if you'll indulge me.

Even the largest Families are not completely
autonomous. In America, La Cosa Nostra has a
governing council, less a royal court than a board of
directors. It has many names, but the Commission is
the most popular and will do as well as any. The
Commission consists of the dons of the major Families.
The Maltese, you will be pleased to note, are indeed

powerful enough to have our own seat on the
Commission, though we cannot truly be said to be
among the greatest of the Families. Not yet, anyway.

In Sicily? No, Don Cardona, nothing quite like
the Commission exists in the Old Country. Even
there, though, the heads of the Families usually try to
work things out at the table before taking to the
streets. But the truth is, much as I may hate to admit
it, the current power is with the American Mafia. Oh,
the Sicilian Mafia is still larger — proportionally, not
numerically — and even more vicious. But Sicily is
simply —and I pray you forgive me for saying so— less
important in the global arena.

But where was I? Ah, yes. The power of the
Commission is limited by its ability to reach a
consensus. Only when a majority of the Families agree
can the Commission move forward; it has precious
little power if it cannot achieve some sort of majority
decision. In the past, the American Mafia had its own
enforcers, soldiers who did not answer to any specific
Family. You may hear the name Murder, Incorporated,
from time to time. Still, the vast majority of the
firepower resides with Family soldiers.

Rank and Title

are very much as they were before your long sleep. Not everything has changed in the past seven
decades! Still, there has been enough shifting of emphasis that I would suggest you allow me to recap.

If 1 ma

First off, simply so you will be familiar with the term
as wiseguys. Undignified, perhaps, but there it is.

often refers to mafi
Butz

a family is sometimes called "bos:

hould you come across it — popular culture

to specifics. The honorific "don," is applied to the head of the Family, of course. The don of
" but since a capo can also be called "boss," don is usually more pre

It has been quite some time since anyone could accurately claim the title of capo di tutti capi. It

is difficult, in these nights of the Commission, for any one man to become the "boss of bosses."
y some men have tried. The title is sometimes used to honor the most powerful standing

member of the Commission, and others use it to refer to themselves when they hold power over all

the Families in a specific territory. But in its most literal, traditional meaning, | doubt we'll ever s

a true capo di tutti capi again

The capo bastone is a don's second, of course, and a caporegime is a lieutenant who is normally in
command of a single group of soldiers or a "crew." Incidentally, another less frequently used title for the
caporegime is capodecima. | understand that this is the preferred term among the Giovanni; for some
reason, they seem to find it amusing. Personally, I don't get the joke. Caporegime is often shorted simply
to capo, or boss.

A sgarrista is one of our soldiers; but more than that, he's part of the Family... a made man. A
piciotto is a lower-ranking soldier, also called a "button man" or an associate. They are not truly part
of the Family.

Finally, we have the consigliere, who is an advisor to a don; the contabile, a financial advisor or

ookkeeper; and the giovane d'honore, who is a non-Italian servant or soldier of the Family.

V,wvweG, vYvvvyvevrevyvyvrevvyvreyvyvrevrevivrevrevieey
WORLDOF DARKNESS: MAFIA

=
42

What all this boils down to, Don Cardona, is
that the Families are limited by the dictates of the
Commission only so far as they allow themselves to
be. The Commission may mandate peace, for
instance, but it takes only one dissatisfied don to
shatter that peace.

So we have these Families, which are entities unto
themselves, and the dons, who are the heads of those
Familiesand somewhat analogous to the Sicilian barons
and landowners you may remember..But.there's a lot
more you must know about the Mafia's family structure.

For a number of reasons — not the least of which
is your own particular familial feeding requirement—
it is important that you understand the use of the term
"Family." The core of any Mafia Family is indeed a
network of blood relations. But this is only at the
heart, Don Cardona. Not every member of the
Genovese Family, for instance, bears the last name
Genovese, or even one traceable blood link to them.
Admittance into a Mafia Family can be earned, and
requires no family ties at all in the traditional sense.
Those who have been officially adopted into the
Family in such a manner are called

Jade jen

Becoming a made man is the aspiration of many
young servants and soldiers of the Families. It requires
many years of loyal service, the ability to keep one's
mouth shut and put the needs of the Family first, and,
in most cases, pure Italian ancestry. Most of our
operatives never reach this esteemed level of
acceptance; for those who do, it is the highest honor
they might have hoped for.

La Cosa Nostra has a long-standing cultural
tradition behind it, of course. Not everyone, even an
individual willing to operate above the law, has the
proper mindset to become one of us. Most don't even
know how to try. A sense of persecution exists in
many of Italian blood, I think, Don Cardona. It stems
from the lack of any just or effective government in
Italy for so many years. Although some of the younger
generation wish to join us just for the power, most of
us still have a sense of belonging to a true society, not
just a profitable organization. It isa commitment toa
way of life, not just a job. We take care of our own, as
we always have, and that is the best reason for becoming
part of the Family.

Guys who are about to be made must undergo a
very specific

Initiation

We have, of curse, a cetemony for this. It would
be nice if these could be' affairs of great pomp and
circumstance, but I'm'sure you see why we must keep
them ‘secret. Theseceremonies are normally held ina
side room or the basement of another Family member.
In attendance are many of the capos bastone and
caporegimes of the Family, and often the don himself.
The ceremony involves oaths of loyalty to the Family,
including willingness to turn against even one's own.
blood at the order of the don and for the good of the
Familyitself. You enter on your feet, the aspirant is
told, and you leave only in a coffin. The blood of the
aspirant is taken from his trigger finger, and spread
upon the picture of a saint, which is then burned —
as will the aspirant's soul, he is told, should-he ever
betray the Family to which he is now pledged.

It is all very ritualistic, of course, Don Cardona;
but surely we of the Kindred know better than anyone
how powerful ritual can be.

Race and Sex?

An intriguing question, Don Cardona, Yes, I did
mention that made men are almost always Italian.
Were you to ask a random mafioso, you would no
doubt be told that all made men are Italian. The real
world, of course, is not so cut-and-dried.

The Mafia, as a whole, is a racist organization —
except when it isn't. Many yearsyback, our primary
competitors were the Irish, not tomention the excess
of Irish cops. The average sgarrista would hardly give
a mick the time of day, except, of course, when they
proved useful. The Irish gangs were fairly powerful in
many neighborhoods, and some Families found it
easier to work with them than war with them.

Jews were the same: hated, except when they were
necessary. Many of them were more highly educated
in the old days than we were, and we took advantage
of that, even if it meant working with them. Some of
them — Meyer Lansky and Bugsy Siegel, for instance
— became enormous figures in our ranks. Surely no
one could say they were not made in all ways that
matter.

It's the same tonight. Most made men would
prefer that the slants, kikes, niggers and spics just keep
to their place as errand boys and expendable soldiers.
Sure, now and again one of them might prove himself,
might drag himself up by his bootstraps, but it doesn't
happen often.

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS

=
43


Something you might find interesting, Don
Cardona, is that other Kindred among the Families
seem to be of two minds on the subject. Does it matter
if a man was Italian before the Embrace? He's dead
now, and may even prefer to identify by clan rather
than by nationality. Personally, [ could hardly care
less, but I've known Kindred — that Sewer Rat
Sannini in Jersey comes to mind — who'd rather
shove a stake up their own ass and twirl in the sunrise
than admit a foreigner, living or undead, into the
Family. Bastardo!

Women have it... well, you could say better or
worse, depending on how you look at it. You're never
going to find a woman who officially holds a position
of authority in a Family. Women are either wives or
girlfriends of good Family men. The Families even
have a tradition that Saturday nights are for the wives
and Fridays for the mistresses, so there can be no
chance of them running into each other. It's not that
they don't know about each other, but appearances
must be maintained. Daughters and nieces are often
married off to bring Families together, or to bring a
useful young man into the Family. They are, in essence,
trophies, tools and bargaining chips — not unlike in
your own day, my'sire.

Many mafiosi keep their wives and girlfriends
ignorant of their activities, and these are relatively
harmless. But some. of these women, those who know
what happens behind closed.doors... porcoddio! | tell
you, Don Cardona, I'd rather face a raging Lupine
than the wife or the mother of a Sgarrista who isn't
getting what she feels is her due! Such'a woman often
speaks with her husband's voice, and no one wants to
show disrespect to the wife of his caporegime. So they
can get things done, even going so far as to put out
contracts, with no official backing at all. And if things
go wrong, well, their husband's — or son's, or father's
— reputation is often enough to protect them from
the repercussions.

Not always, of course, but often....

Proper Behavior

is a very big deal to good Family men. The Mafia
has developed an intricate code of conduct, as, I
think, would any organization this violent. Some of
the young Turks — that is, the younger generation —
are less likely to follow the old ways. Ifanything finally
brings down the Mafia, sire, it will be these punks, and
no outside enemy. Mark my words.

But forgive me. Back to the subject at hand.

WORLDOF DARKNESS: MAFIA

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_,

For.all that they're supposed to be equal, made
men still don't have it quite as good as actual blood
relations of the don. Children, grandchildren,
nephews, cousins — they'll get the best assignments,
the greatest praise, the most authority. Most sensible
wiseguys accept that as the way it is when they're
inducted into the Family proper. Those who are less
intelligent protest, or try to remove the competition,
and end up at the bottom of a slow-moving river in
very small chunks. The point, though, is that they are
expected to abide by the codes of behavior as strictly
as actual blood relations, if not more so, even if they
feel they receive less return for doing so.

Family menare to be treated with respect. Whether
blood relation or made man, it doesn't matter, and
never more so than if they outrank you. Men have
been killed for lesser offenses than failing to show
their capo the proper deference.

Respect doesn't stop there, either. Disrespecting
aman's wife, or his children, or God forbid his mother,
are just as serious offenses.

It's even expected — though it doesn't always
happen — that a good Family man will show his rivals
properrespect. When meeting with the representatives
of another Family, or even with someone from another
organization, it shows good breeding to stay polite.
That doesn't mean you can't cave in their skull with
a bat when they turn around, but there's no reason to
be rude about it.

It's usually wise to be polite to the cops as well, but
that happens about as often as I go sunbathing.

Made men and Family are untouchable. It
doesn't matter who you are. You could be a cop,
some slob defending his daughter's honor, or even
a loyal and favored giovane d'honore. Doesn't matter;
you do not kill a Family man. I've ordered wives,
even children slain in retaliation for such things. It
won't do to set precedent.

The flip side of this is that a made man is under no
such restrictions. He can beat, steal, rape, kill, whatever
he wants, and the Family will still come down hard on
anyone who tries to come after him.

Ofcourse, ifhe gets too far out of hand, the Family
may [clears throat] remove him themselves. Nobody
in our position likes unnecessary attention, after all.

Procedures for dealing with other Family men
do exist, should the need arise. By the strict rules of
the Commission, you cannot whack — you are
familiar with the euphemism "whack," Don
Cardona? Good. Well, you cannot whack a made
man without first discussing the situation with the

A_A _A _s~ _s~_s _ 4 4 A A _A_A_A_A

bosses of the Families involved — including the
target's don! This is meant to ensure that only the
most serious offenses, those that even the man's
own don cannot excuse, are punished.

This particular custom is honored as much in the
breach as anything else. During war particularly,
Family men, and indeed women and children, are
slaughtered ona regular basis. Nor is it uncommon for
made men to simply resolve their grievances with a
slashed throat and a dumped body. This is dangerous,
since the Family will hold a grudge, and may take
revenge decades later should the perpetrator of such
a deed be revealed. But in a life like this one, many
wiseguys feel that one more risk is of no consequence.

Above and beyond even these, however, is one
immutable law of Family life. It is the code of

Omerta

You're almost certainly familiar with the term,
Don Cardona. Literally translated, of course, it simply
means manhood. Tonight, it refers to so much more.

Omerta is about a man solving his‘own problems.
It means you do not go to the police, but rather obtain
justice with your own hands — of, at most, with the
help of the Family. It is where our love/hate relationship
with vendetta comes from.

But above all, omerta is about keeping one's mouth
well and firmly shut. It is the code of silence followed
by all the Families, everywhere. Whatever else the
dons may disagree on, whatever conflicts may arise, it
is the one immutable law of our way of life or unlife.

Not unlike the Masquerade, is it?

No crime is greater than breaking omerta. It is
treason, a betrayal of Family, of blood, and even of God
and Christ. On thestreet, they say thatsomeone betraying
us like this is flipping. The United States government
has an entire branch of law enforcement, the Witness
Protection Program, designed to prevent informants and
traitors from receiving their just punishments. Sometimes
it even works, but short of a lifetime of hiding, no way
exists for such afiglio di puttanato escape the consequences
of his actions. No don will protect such a traitor, even if
it's his own grandson.

oS =Viuy Vv =v eV vv Vow ©

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS


Fa)

=
46

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4

Vendetta

is almost as important to us as omerta itself. As
often as monetary matters or territorial disputes, it is
vendetta that drags Families into war after war, spilling
gallons of precious blood into the'gutters.

Tam sure that you, sire, know vendetta all too well
from your own breathing days. It is the same tonight.
Blood must be avenged, justice must be served. An eye
for an eyeyas it were. | know of entire villages in Sicily
that have been stripped of every male inhabitant
between the ages of 12 and 60 by vendettas that ran
unchecked. These days, the Commission usually steps
in should a vendetta-born war drag on for too long,
and the Commission usually has enough of the local
Families behind them to force a settlement.

Still, wounds fester, and many new wars are the
result of old vendettas that resurface after years or
even decades of dormancy. Justice must often wait
— this is why vendetta took the place of duels in our
culture — but it must never be denied. It's practically
a religion to us.

Speaking of Religion...

It's kind of a funny thing, really, but the vast
majority of the Mafia is still devoutly Catholic, even
after —

I — no, Don Cardona, I meant no offense! I
know that you're:Catholie!.P-perhaps I misspoke!
Yes, Don Cardona. You're absolutely right; I should
think about how I say things before say them. M-my
humblest apologies.

What I meant to say, of course, is that the
prevalence of Catholicism might seem strange to an
outsider who does not understand our ways. Religion
is not as great a part of daily life for most of the kine
now as it was in your time, but a preponderance of
Family men still take Communion and confession. I
know this is something you will be pleased to hear.

Faith, however, is not always easy to reconcile
with our less socially acceptable enterprises. I know
that many mafiosi feel that they are committing no
sin, that everything they do is done in defense of the
Family; surely God will not punish them for defending
their own blood! Others, less convinced of God's
understanding of their let us say, unique world view,
simply take the precaution of confessing on a very
frequent basis. That Nosferatu | mentioned earlier,
Sannini? I understand that he takes confession no
fewer than three times a night. Must have some truly
weighty matters on his soul, no?

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

I amvalso quite certain, Don Cardona, that many
of the "faithful" among our ranks are simply
maintaining appearances, and care nothing for the
teachings of God and Christ, but the Lord will judge
them in his own ways, will he not?

All of this — the Families, our codes of behavior,
all of it — brings me, finally, to

War

The purpose of the Mafia, the cause behind
everything we do, is the advancement of the welfare
of the Family. Yes we commit crimes, yes we get rich,
yes we kill, but it's all for the comfort and the safety of
our own blood.

Unfortunately, what is good for one Family is not
necessarily good for another, and then we have

Bloodshed in the Mafia

American movies, set in the years of Prohibition,
have us waging open warfare on the streets, Tommy
guns blasting away at each other, careless of who
might get caught in the crossfire. It was not then, and
it is not now, a wholly accurate image, but it's pretty
close, nonetheless.

You did not see the worst of it, even before your
sleep, Don Cardona. You saw the feuds here, on Malta
and in Sicily, but you never saw the bloodshed in the
New World. Tonight, the Tommy guns have been
replaced with Mac-10s and AK-47s, but the wars are
the same.

It is an unfortunate thing when war comes. The
Families can accomplish so much when we work
together. In times of peace, amember of any Family is
almost as close to a wiseguy — in theory — as to his
own Family. They're to be treated with respect, we
help each other out ina jam. It's almost like the Mafia,
at those times, really is one big Family.

It never lasts, though. For some reason, despite
the expense, despite the wasted lives, war seems to be
easier for us than peace. It's our own fault, in a way.
We've built a society within a society predicated on
the notion that we take what we want, when we want
it, so that our families may thrive. Is itany wonder that
we prove unable to rein in those impulses even when
our brothers and sisters hold the thing — property,
money, whatever — we desire?

We do fight on the streets at times, slaughtering
entire crowds with drive-by shootings or cheap
explosives. This draws attention, though, and

attention is never good. It makes the other Families
look our way. It makes the police and the government
look our way. It's bad for business. By the time a war
reaches this level of uncontrolled violence, it's only a
matter of time until the Commission, the other local
Families, or the Feds put a stop to it. With prejudice.

So how do we war against our enemies, when
prolonged conflict is bad for everyone? Primarily, we
have to be very precise in our

Choice of Targets

A bit of artfully applied violence is, obviously,
far more effective than trading barrages on the
freeway, and it draws less notice. We've found over
the years that two specific sorts of hits, when done
properly, effectively cripple our enemy's ability to
operate. We'll hit other targets as well, of course, but
these are the most effective.

Assassination

of high-ranking members of the rival Family is far
more efficient than blasting away at their button men.
Of course, hitting the don, or even many of his
immediate family or his capos bastone, is never easy.
Such menare well protected at all times. Furthermore,
it is this tactic more than any other that invariably
leads to vendetta, and further ill will —ifnot bloodshed
— down the road.

Still, if we can remove those who are most skilled
from our rivals' top echelons, we can destroy their
ability to counterattack. Your best bet is probably the
second tier, so to speak. Advisors, lieutenants,
assistants. I heard about a war back in Sicily in which
one of the Families managed to take out damn near
every advisor the don had. They never touched him
or his immediate family, but the guy didn't have any
idea where to go from there. Turned out that it was his
giovane d'honore who had all the tactical know-how.

Fail in an attempt like this, though, and we've
turned what was simply business into a personal affair,
and those are inevitably far more bloody.

Something that is often easier to accomplish than
assaulting the opposing Don and his immediate
underlings is

Destruction of the Enemy's Businesses

War is bad for business even under the best
circumstances. With the outpouring of capital required
to hire muscle and purchase additional armaments
and ammunition, it's an expensive prospect. Now
imagine trying to do that, Don Cardona, without
money flowing in, to match that flowing out.

The Mafia has an enormous ‘number of profitable
activities, but the vast majorityofthem are unfortunately
static. Thavis, they require fixed locations in which to
operate, and it isn't too difficult for a rival Family to
learnqwhich are outs and vice versa. Much of the
"random violence" that occurs in a Mafia war isn't
random at alls Every business we cripple deprives our
rival Family of income, and reduces its ability to battle.
Many such wars are won in exactly that fashion. One
of the Families simply couldn't afford to keep fighting
any more.

Ofcourse, the other Families are trying to do this
same thing to us while we're trying to do it'to them.
Sometimes, the best way to win is not even selecting
our targets, but in

Getting Someone Else to Fight for Us

It doesn't matter how big the Family, none of the
bosses wants to waste manpower, or to lose their
soldiers and their own relatives. Fortunately, the
Mafia has other resources at its disposal, servants and
catspaws who can take the risks for us.

Freelancers

can be quite useful, in the right situations. If we
need to hit someone, but we absolutely cannot afford
to have it traced back to the Family, outside talent is
the way to go.

Of course, hiring a murderer comes with its own
risks. We have to be certain that this is someone
professional enough both to get the job done and to
keep his lip buttoned if he gets pinched. That's
actually the single biggest reason the dons don't use
freelancers often. They're not as reliable as Family.
Some wiseguys have the habit of whacking their hired
guns after a freelance job, just to make sure they don't
talk, but if word of that kind of thing gets around,
nobody else is going to work for you.

You also have to be sure that this guy hasn't
already been paid off by the other side as a means of
getting close to you. While it's not too common, I've
known of a few Family men who went to a meeting
with a freelance hitman to negotiate a contract only
to find out too late that they were the contract.

Finally, there's the money. Hitmen don't come
cheap — or, more accurately, those who come cheap
aren't reliable. And if you're going to be spreading the
money around anyway, there's no point in hiring a
hitman when you can just bribe the

wee ee HV SV eny HY ON Uw Tw UCT TV Va

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS

bess /
4


Police and Government Officials

Some cops are dirty enough that we can actually
pay them to carry out hits. Believe me, there's nothing
better than getting a pig to whack someone for you.
Odds are the guy you're hitting isahoodlum himself,
soit won't be too hard to make it look like a righteous
shooting. Cops can get close to people your normal
muscle couldn't get near, too. Hell, they can pull the
mark over for speeding, if nothing else.

But even when we can't find a cop willing to go
quite that far, there are all kinds of ways we can use
them — and the city — to handle our business.

As I said, we usually know where a rival's
establishments are. Maybe we know that he stores
some of his hot merchandise in the back of that
clothing shop downtown, or maybe we've learned
that the dealers working out of the crack-house on
43rd are on his,payroll. A police raid can bust up
that sort of operation just as well as any hit, and
there's a lot less risk to us. All it takes is an
anonymous tip and maybe a healthy bribe or two to
make sure it's taken care of properly.

This is a very fine line to walk, though, Don
Cardona. You know how the Families feel about being
ratted out to the cops, and siccing the pigs on an
enemy's business comes damn close to violating the
code of omerta. It's an acceptable tactic if you've got
a pretty good handle on the cops involved, and if it
can be done without anyone talking.

But who needs the cops? Your rival runs a
restaurantin Little Italy? Bribe the health inspector to
shut itdown. Have your people in city services arrange
blackouts and telephone disconnects that impact
your enemy's operations. You can even have building
and construction permits revoked, if you know the
right ears to whisper in.

That's something a lot of dead wiseguys failed to
consider: Sometimes a telephone and the voice of
authority is far more dangerous than a badge and a
gun. It's what I've been saying about respectability;
the Families have to at least keep up the appearance
of it or else we can't operate. There was, just for
example, one particularly irritating wiseguy a few
years back —I don't even remember his name now —
who was trying to muscle in on Cardona territory in
upstate New York. We had other issues pressing at the
time, and couldn't really afford the manpower to go to
war with his crew. The cops couldn't get him, because
they didn't have enough evidence for a warrant.

WORLDOF DARKNESS: MAFIA

A_A_A_A_A

Thesthing is, Don Cardona, state and county
judges"need extra cash, same as everyone else. If
you've got a judge on your payroll, you don't need
evidence. You get him to issue the warrant, the cops
are more than happy to handle the rest. The guy who
was challenging us could tell you personally how
effective a tactic it can be, except that he was sadly
knifed to death in his cell about a year after his arrest.
A shame, really.

Finally, if you get really desperate foran expendable
pawn, you can always use one of the

Empty Suits

An empty suit, Don Cardona, is a gangster-
wannabe. These are the jackasses who think that they
can hang with the wiseguys because they happen to
know some of our slang, or because their neighbor's
cousin has a roommate who once blew a made guy for
a 10-spot. Normally they just hang around our street-
level operators, so as long as they don't actually
endanger a business or get too damn annoying, we just
ignore them. Every now and again, one of them learns
a little too much, draws too much attention or just
annoys a sgarrista on a bad day and winds up in a
shallow hole.

But once ina while, if you approach them with an
opportunity to "prove themselves," you can get them
to do some of your shit work. Maybe they can watch
your rival's business for a while, or carry in a package
that contains an unhealthy amount of high explosive.
It doesn't even have to be something illegal. | actually
had one guy washing my car and mowing my lawn for
almost a year, just because I — or rather my ghouls —
kept promising that he had bigger stuff coming if he
proved he could follow orders.

You've got to work through channels with these
guys, since you can't count on them to keep quiet if,
or more likely when, they're caught by either the cops
or another Family. But hey, the job's done, so who
cares what happens to these busones afterwards?

The End ofthe War

usually comes under one of three circumstances:
One of the Families has drained its resources dry and
just can't fight anymore, or enough of the people at
the top of one of the Families have been whacked that
the survivors need to get out while they still can, or
else the Commission or the other local Families
decide they've had enough and put their foot down.

Sometimes entire Families are destroyed by these
wars, but once they're over, things usually get back to
normal, even if it takes a while. Things aren't quite so
easy when we're battling

Other Criminal Organizations

The unfortunate truth, Don Cardona, is that the
Mafia is not the only organization of its sort in the
world tonight. While we have been able*to reach
some accommodation with several of them, there can
be no truce with others. Our influence doesn't overlap
much, but where it does, I foresee only war until one
side or the other concedes defeat.

Neither side has conceded as of yet, sire.

The worst are the damn slants. The Chinese
Triads and the Japanese Yakuza have thrived in the
United States recently. So long as they stayed in the
Orient, we had no beef with them, but now they're
messing with our operations all up and down the
West Coast and in Europe. They brought some of
those damn Cathayans with them, too, which makes
things even harder for Family Kindred, but that's not
the point.

The pointis that these guys are ruthless. Yes, we're
ruthless — we'll kill you, your family, your friends and
your dog if you mess with us. But the Triads'll blow
away everyone walking down your street just to get to
you, and they'll do it because you looked at them
wrong. If we kill a clean cop or some poor bystander
who happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong
time, it's because we didn't have a choice; again, it
draws too much attention. Slants don't care, though.
They got their people more intimidated than we ever
did, and they don't give a damn who knows what
they're doing because nobody's going to talk.

So the problem with warring with these guys is
that we've got to be just as stupid as they are. We've
got to him them as hard, and as frequently, as they
hit us — and that draws the heat. Between the Yaks
and the Triads on the one side, and the cops and the
Feds we attract by fighting them on the other, the
entire war is kind of a no-win situation, but there's
no way we're backing down from these clowns. No;
fuck 'em all in the ear.

The slants don't even respect their own
neighborhoods, Don Cardona. They fuck their own
people worse than anybody. They're heavy into people-
smuggling. They'll bring their own over here then
force them intoslavery. Bastardos. Beyond that, they're
mostly wrapped up in extortion and smuggling

narcotics, electronics and counterfeit merchandise,
so even when wercome out second-best in a war, we
can usually-keep our other operations in the area —
gambling and whatnot'— running smoothly. Still,
one ofvus is going to have to go eventually.

Once you're fully up and around, sire, you also may
want to consider investigating the Cathayan connection.
They started showing up in numbers along the American
East Coast not long back. Anybody who tries to tell you
that they aren't as heavily involved in the Triads and the
Yak as we are in the Mafia is a damn liar. We actually had
one captured for a while, but — well, let's just say he
escaped before we could make him talk. I can give you the
full details later if you want, but it's not pretty.

Anyway...

TheSouth Americancartelsarealmostasbad. Things
were fine when all they were trying to do was smuggle
drugs into the U.S. and make some green off it. Hell, we
were one of their main distributors for a while. Then they,
got greedy, decided they had todo everything themselves,
acquire their own territories, and it all hit the fan.

The cartels are kind of like us in that they're a
bunch of independent groups, not one organization.
We can still work with some of them, mostly the
smaller ones who know they can't make iton their own.
They provide the product, we sell it. Simple, convenient;
everyone's happy.

But the big boys don't play nice. The Medellin and
Cali cartels used to be some of the biggest. They've got
other up-and-comers taking their place now. They want
their own territories in the U.S. — and Europe too,
though you don't hear about that as often — and they
don't care who was there first.

They're like the Triads when it comes to war, too.
You remember me telling you that the young Turks in
our own ranks don't respect the old ways? The cartels,
the Triads, most of these newer organizations, really;
they're all Turks, even the old ones. It's ugly, Don
Cardona, very ugly.

We don't have so much of a problem with the
others. The Irish still have some gangs in the States
and in Europe, but they're not what they were. Hardly
even competition anymore, really. We don't tangle
much with the Jamaican drug posses, and we've come
to some interesting arrangements with the Eastern
European factions.

What Sort ofArrangements?

Well, I wasn't going to get into that yet, Don
Cardona, but if you really want to know...

wav v Vov Vive vo ov IY OV TY cy

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS

=
49

Violence and the Mafia

go hand-in-hand in the minds of most outsiders. You know as well as I that violence has to be a last
resort. We don't hesitate when it's necessary, of course, but needless violence attracts the police — and
more than that, it is bad for business in ways that we're only now discovering.

People don't cooperate with us the way they used to, sire. Time was when | could walk into any place
of business in my old neighborhood, and not only would I be treated with respect, I would actually be
welcomed. They knew that I was generous with my money, that I appreciated cooperation and good
service. And they knew that | meant business, and that if they didn't cooperate, not only would the
money dry up, but they might find themselves lying perforated on the sidewalk, or else the proud owner
of a firebombed wreck that used to be a store.

People are still scared of us, and some still treat us as they used to, but others prefer to take the risk
of running to the police. And the reason people don't cooperate like in the old days is not that they're
no longer scared of us, but that they're too scared. It's the fault of these other damn crime groups, and
the younger generations in our own. I've said before that they're too quick to use violent means when
they aren't necessary. So while people are scared, Don Cardona, it's not exactly the same fear anymore.

You once taught me, when it comes to blackmail, that you should never push the victim too far,
that he'll cooperate only as long as what you're asking is less than what he has to lose by exposure. The
same holds true here. If people feel you're eventually going to shoot them even if they do cooperate, what
motivation have they for cooperating?

Our reputation for violence may be earned, but it's expanded well beyond reality, and it's still
growing. If we cannot do.something, about the other organizations and the new attitude among our
children both, the Mafia as we know it must eventually cease to exist.

The other trick these young punks don't realize is that random violence is counterproductive. It
scares people in exactly the wrong way, like I was just saying. When we hit someone, it's for a very
specific reason. Since we're usually making a point, we prefer to make those hits in public. Yeah, it's
dangerous, but nothing makes our feelings on the matter more clear than that, right?

Some Families make it acommon practice to whack the target's immediate family along with the guy
himself. Sometimes it's just convenience, because it's hard to miss the wife in the passenger seat with a
car bomb or hail of machine gun fire, right? But it's also because we've got enough vendettas going on
already, and the last thing we need is some punk college student coming back with a .38. No, he won't get
very far, but people pay attention when upright college kids disappear. Worse, we've had problems with
wives and children going to the Feds to get back at us for whacking their husband or father, even when
the guy clearly had it coming. Better to take out the whole family and make it a clean break.

Incidentally, our desire to avoid attention — unless we're making a statement — is why you won't
find many mafiosi taking on murder-for-hire jobs. Oh, it happens occasionally, either for money, or as
a favor to a friend, or whatever. But most wiseguys kill for the Family or for their own personal reasons
only. Anything else is just asking.for trouble, especially if you can't be sure they guy who hired you is
going to keep quiet.

All right. We're smart enough to know that, in organized crime in Poland, there's the Russian Mafia
this day and age, there's no way to eliminate all — yeah, I know, can you believe it? Russian Mafia!
competition, everywhere. There's just too much of it. Who names these guys?!

So maybe, we figure, we can find a way to turn our Thing is, they're new to the game, but they're
competitors to our advantage. talented, and they know how to change with the

Now, the Yaks, the Triads and the cartels are too _ times, something some of our own Families haven't
big, too well established. But some of these others, managed yet.
they're pretty new at this. There's been a growth of

TT
50 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA


So we're advising them, Don Cardona. They pay
us, big time, in exchange for advice on how to organize
and operate their organizations. If you like, I can
introduce you to Premislaus Razbivoi when we meet
with him next month. You've no idea how happy he
is to be learning our wisdom. He's a big, surly Russian
with all the eagerness of a schoolboy getting his first
lay. It's funny, really.

As long as their interests don't clash with.ours, I
imagine this'll go on for a while. And if they do start
stepping over the line, well, we've got a pretty good
idea of how they're operating, don't we? So itshouldn't
be too hard to throw a wrench into their machine.

So after all that, Don Cardona, it probably
seems like war is all we do anymore. I'll admit it
feels that way sometimes, but it's not so. Let me tell
you a little about

What the Mafia Does Today

As I said earlier, when you boil it down, the Mafia
is about the welfare of the Family above everything
else. That means protecting the Family from outside
threats — be it a rival Family or the government —
but it also means providing for the Family's needs.

Which, of course, means money. And we'll make
it however we can, regardless of what the government
wants us to do.

Not everything the Families are involved in is
illegal, of course, but it's not easy to break our interests
down into lawful and unlawful because the two often
overlap. I'll start with the basics, which would be

Extortion and Protection

Extortion is a crude business, | admit, but in
many ways it's the basis of everything else we do.
Combined with bribery, the threat of violence is
often necessary to inspire the cooperation we require
to run our other operations. In fact, the price of our
protection is often aid and information, rather than
or in addition to money.

The thing is, Don Cardona, we cannot just walk
into a random business in one of our neighborhoods
and demand a monthly percentage. Once, we could,
and often did, do just that. But today, more people run
to the police, and we can't whack them all. Partially
it's because the old ways are fading. We still follow the
code of omerta, but most people no longer feel ashamed

A Be A Se SD GE CE, AR, CaS, COR, A, AG NR A AEB I ES a

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS


=
52

if they can't handle a problem themselves. They don't
even feel shame for running to outsiders. And then, of
course, there's that violence issue I was talking about.

The best targets for our protection, then, are
businesses that already have something to hide. If a
shop is already moving stolen goods through the
storeroom, or a mechanic is already selling hot cars,
they aren't going to risk attracting the police. Youcan
even take it a step further than that, Don Cardona.
We've recently started offering protection to
independent drug dealers, pimps, even one murder-
for-hire operation on the West Coast. And get this.
We even provide "security" for a U.S. congressman
who wants to make sure his son's cocaine-and-
hooker parties aren't disrupted by violent criminals.
Nobody said the business we're protecting has to be
areal business at all, right? So long as our cut isn't too
greedy, some of them are even happy to cooperate,
since our presence protects them from other Families
or organizations that might not be as reasonable
when it comes to percentages.

That's something many people don't realize about
us. Protection may be a euphemism for extortion, but
we take the responsibility seriously. If someone does
pay up, not only will we not harm him or his place, we
take it poorly if anyone else does. Like I said before,
people won't pay out of fear alone — at least not
forever. There must be @ carrot and a stick.

That's longterm, of course. If all you want is
what's inthe register now — or better yet, the manifest
and route of a shipment of computers — threatening
to beat the guy to a pulp is acceptable» On the other
hand, I still prefer

Bribery and Graft

Yeah, it may cost you more in the short run to pay
the guy for the info, instead of just threatening him
with a tire iron, but he's less likely to run to the cops
afterward. More important, he's going to be a lot more
willing to help you take the next shipment. And once
someone in a high office has taken one bribe to help
you out, he's going to keep on helping you, since he's
not going to want you to expose the fact that he's
taken bribes.

Even though it's in all the movies, people don't
realize just how far bribery can get us. Cops, lawyers,
judges, politicians, restaurant owners, delivery men....
One can do anything in this day and age with afew G's
greasing the right palm.

WORLDOF DARKNESS: MAFIA

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__,

Remember what I said earlier about getting the
health inspector or the cops to take down a rival?
They're not going to do it out of the goodness of their
heart, and you probably won't be able to just walk up
to one on the street and pay him to do a job. You've
got to cultivate these things, and you're probably
going to pay more than one bribe before you get even
a single favor in return. It's worth it, though, if it
means you own the judge who's supposed to be
arraigning your best soldier. If you own the right
kinds of businesses, like construction companies, a
few greased palms will get you some nice city
contracts, too.

You want to know what kind of things we can do
with graft that nobody thinks about? Urban
development. It's all the rage these days, sire. Take a
few city engineers out to some high-class dinners, give
them a few distinctive dinner companions, slip a few
Benjamins into their hands — and then make a few
casual suggestions. Given the sorts of places we operate
best, it doesn't do us any good to have a playground in
the middle of downtown, or for the city to construct
a new high-rise office. Another block of crowded
shops, on the other hand, or low-rent apartments ina
depressed part of town, the kind of place where people
are going to be looking for some chemically induced
happiness... well, you see where I'm going with this.

How about the phone company? No, you can't
pay off Ma Bell entirely. But I remember one hit,
about 12 years ago, where a phone line was
"accidentally" cut by a clumsy repairman, just about
the time the target was trying to trigger his alarm and
call 911. Convenient, no?

Hell, get enough congressmen and senators under
our thumb, we might even change the laws
themselves. No, we're not going to get drugs made
legal — and hell, why would we want to? — but it'd
be nice if we could get the damn RICO laws modified,
if nothing else.

There's actually two different terms for this. Clean
graft is what we do most of the time: payoffs to cops,
politicians, and whatnot that allow us to go on with
business. Bribing the gaming commissioner in Vegas
or a cop to look the other way when we're acquiring
aprostitute fora senator isclean. Dirty graft is what we
pay to cover up the nasty stuff — murder, drug
smuggling, that sort of thing. You can usually count
on most officials to take clean bribes. With dirty ones,
it's hit or miss. Not everyone's willing to close their
eyes when blood's involved.

-A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Blackmail

goes along with bribery and graft, in a way, so I'll
cover that next. It's just another way of getting the
politicians and the officials — or damn near anyone
else, for that matter — to do what we want. We don't
often blackmail for money. Most people who can
afford to pay enough to make it worthwhile are in.a
position to do us other favors as well, favors that are
worth a lot more than the cash we mightget from
them. If I've got photos of a city councilman with his
dick in some 16-year-old ass, I'd rather use them to
influence the next zoning referendum than to take
him for an extra 50 grand.

The really nifty thing about blackmail material is
that, considering the other services we provide for the
city's rich and famous, it's not that hard to get. Who
do you think provided the councilman with that 16-
year-old?

Actually,

Prostitution and Pornography

make the best blackmail material anyway, more
even than drug use. If nothing else, they photograph
better.

We're in this particular field only at the very top
end, though. You won't find any pimps in the Family,
and God help any of our own daughters or sisters who
disgrace the Family that way. No, we provide the
pimps a place to operate — a storefront, a hotel, a
street corner — and we make sure they don't get
hassled too much. In exchange, they provide us with
girls when we want them, and with part of the cut.

Same with pornography. We don't let our
daughters shame themselves like that, and we don't
take the pictures. But nobody sells or distributes the
stuff in our cities without us giving us a cut, and some
things we just don't want in our territories. Just a few
weeks ago, there was this guy trying to sell Polaroids
of — well, you don't want the details. Let's just say it
involved animals, and I made it very clear to the guy
that I didn't want that shit in my neighborhoods. He
might even have stopped bleeding by now.

Sometimes it's good business to provide prostitutes
as perks. It's just one of the many vices that goes right
along with

Gambling

If there's a single business we're associated with in
the minds of the public, now that Prohibition is
almost-70 years dead, it's gambling. People see the big
lights of the Las. Vegas — or, to a lesser extent,
Atlantic City —easinos, and they can't help thinking
of us. Actually, they think of Robert DeNiro and Joe
Pesci, but they think they're thinking of us.

The funny thing about gambling, Don Cardona,
is that it's one of those gray areas I was talking about.
It's all legal and legit, except where it isn't.

Casinos
are the big money. Flashing lights, tons of food,
musical numbers, high-class prostitutes — it's all

there. Any given casino can bring in hundreds of
millions of dollars per year. Is itany wonder we wanted
a hand in it?

The thing is, though, most of the casinos we
"own" aren't ours on paper. Yeah, some are run
directly by Family men, but that's too easy to trace.
We don't want names written down. Casinos are
mostly legit, but only mostly. When people try to
cheat us, we still take them out back and break limbs.
Someone disrupts business too much, they end up
buried in the deserts of Nevada. Politicians and other
bigwigs are wined and dined and bribed until their
pockets bulge in the hotel rooms and the restaurants.
If a casino has known Mafia ties, the Feds start
examining it, and we don't want that.

So, since we don't legally own the joints, we sort
of have to steal from our own casinos.

We'll set up some goombahs on the board of
directors, people who don't know and don't want to
know what goes on in the counting rooms and behind
the curtains. The guards, the people in charge, the
guys who count the money, they're all well paid to
look the other way when, every few weeks, one of our
guys walks in with an empty suitcase. When he leaves,
the counting room isa lot lighter, but since none of it's
been counted yet, that money never comes up on the
books as missing. We don't pay taxes on it, and there's
nothing to link the Family to the casino at all.

If the Mafia pulled out of every one of our concerns
except for casinos, we'd still be raking it in hand over
fist. It wouldn't be enough, of course, because there's
no such thing, but it's a lot.

But casinos aren't the only kind of gambling we
deal with. We've also got

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A __

Bookies and Numbers

These are about as far from the casinos as you can
get. I'm talking about dice games on the streets and
people betting on ball games, horse races and anything
else with the slightest element of ¢hance. Hell, | once
knew a bookie who had a pool going on when he'd
next get raided by the cops.

Unlike the casinos, which are usually legit
businesses — though we've got a few underground
places, like in Cuba — these are completely illegal.
They're usually little hole-in-the-wall storefronts or
bars, places where you expect to see a lot of down-and-
out people looking desperate. If you're a regular, you
don't even have to show. Just call in your bet or tell
one of the local runners.

It's small potatoes compared to the casinos, but it
makes a pretty good chunk of change for a
neighborhood business. People don't welsh on their
bets, either, since that usually gets their legs broken.
It's also not uncommon for the guys who run these
places to also do a brisk business in

Acquiring a Legitimate Business

isn't something that has to be done through
legitimate methods, of course. Who needs to
buy stock when we can loan the owner of
failing business some money in exchange for a
small perceritage of the establishment? The
percentage gets larger as time goes on— we loan
for this, do him a favor for that —
and before long, the business is ours.

him mone

Or, if he won't accept favors after we'v

muscled our way in, we can always whack the
guy. We've got the major
always buy up the rest before anyone else knows

y share, and we can

he's gone.

Money-lending and Loansharking

This hasn't changed much since the old days, Don
Cardona. You called it usury. We loan people money,
we charge them several points of interest above the
legal max, and we hurt them if they don't pay us back.
Well, actually, it's not quite that simple. Breaking
a guy's arm means it'll be that much longer before he
can get the money, and if we kill him, we won't see a
dime. Most of us are smarter than that. A guy can't pay

us back?,Okay, we give hima little longer to pay — but
he either owes us even more, or he's got to do usa favor
in the meantime. Patience is a virtue.

Of course, if they take too long, or try to jerk us
around, we'll fold them in half.

They're also responsible for the vig, no matter
what. Oh. My apologies again, Don Cardona. The vig
is an interest payment they're expected to make on a
regular basis, even if they can't afford to pay any on
the loan itself. Sometimes, we set the vig high enough
that they'll never finish paying us back. It's a tidy little
source of permanent income.

Not all our lenders are street-level operators,
either. We've fronted money for people to start
businesses, build casinos, send kids to college, even
run for office. Yeah, it's a lot of green, but that kind of
loan comes with a heavy interest in cash and favors,
so it's definitely worth the investment.

Speaking of investments,

Money Laundering

is vital to our survival. Without going into the
details of the process, Don Cardona, it involves taking
monies from illegal operations and feeding them,
through various channels, through legal businesses
and investments so they can't be traced. The Families
own a significant number of legitimate businesses for
just that purpose. Of course, we also own many just
because they make money or provide us a nice place
to hang out, but that's not the point.

That's why it's so hard to separate our legal and
illegal enterprises. Each one invariably funds the
other. We keep bankers on the payroll of the Families
just to handle the books.

As far as legal enterprises go, there's nothing
we've acquired that's proven more useful than the

Labor Unions

Everybody and their uncle knows that we're in
tight with the unions, but I bet most of them don't
have the first clue why. It's true that the unions don't
have the power they used to. Time was, a labor union
could make or break a presidential candidate. But
they've still got a million and one uses.

The simplest is cover. Seems some days like
every wiseguy in the world has a job with the union.
We've got to have some way of explaining where our

=
54

WORLDOF DARKNESS: MAFIA

MF nn OAD SD Ae ee Mi Gee A SO. See Ge GE Gee ies Gar Aa /

money comes from, what we do with our time, and
who all our friends are. Some of us actually do work
cushy union jobs. Others don't do a damn thing
except use the title.

Teamsters make pretty good cheap muscle, too.
No, we can't have them beat some guy to a pulp;
they're not all bruisers. But most aren't going to turn
down some extra pay for unloading a ship or packing
up a truck, and if you're paying enough, they'ré not
going to ask questions.

But the best use of the unions is information and
leverage. Maybe we want to know the schedule and
routes for that shipment of computers I mentioned.
Who's going to know better than the guys making the
schedule — or even better still, the guy driving the
truck? Or maybe we're not looking to hijack. Instead,
we want to slip a little few kilos of the white lady into
a truck that's crossing state lines, to get it to a dealer
in Jersey. Again, the guys loading and driving are your
best friends. Yeah, they'll expect a kickback from the
take, but so what? It's worth it to keep that kind of
information and opportunity open.

So let's take it a step further. Let's say one of ours
boys is caught breaking into the payroll safe at the
factory, or the company's had more than its fair share
of hijackings and they're about to bring in the cops,
big time. How do we convince them not to press
charges or to squeal to the pigs?

Threatened labor strike. They're going to lose a
lot more through prolonged strikes and negotiation
with the union than they will from our fingers in the
till. We can't do this too much — if the union strikes
too often, the government starts looking up their ass
with a fucking microscope — but we can do it when
we have to.

The union brings in a pretty good chunk of
change, too, what with dues and pensions and all, and
it's a great place to launder money from outside.
And since I just mentioned them, I'll move on to

Theft and Hijacking

I don't just mean grabbing random trucks off the
streets or breaking into any house that has a nice
entertainment center visible through the window.
Yeah, some wiseguys do that, and sometimes they
even get some good stuff. But most of the time the
profits just aren't worth the risk in that kind of blind
operation. As far as Family-backed enterprises, we
prefer to know what we're doing.

That's why we try to get inside info, like I was
saying a minute ago. This isa dangerous game, here.
People get killed over shit like this. We want to make
damn sure that we're.not going to wind up with a
truckload of, | don't know, bananas or something.

The stuff we take? Sell it, of course. A lot of people
would drop,aload at the thought of getting a $2,000
stereo system for about five hundred, or an ermine
coat for just'a couple of bills, or even a cheap carton
of Marlboros. They don't ask questions, and we turn
a tidy profit, all in cash.

We've also got a huge racket going in horears. It's
damn near an industry unto itself. The'trick to not
getting pinched here is we don't sell the parts locally.
Hell, often as not, we don't evenstrip the damn things
within miles of where we stole them. Unless you're
some buditilo carjacker, you're probably smart enough
to swipe the car at a time where it's not going to be
noticed immediately. By the time somebody calls the
cops, youcan have that car in the next city, where the
shop's already taking it apart. From there, if you're
really smart, you'll ship the parts to another city
before you sell them. It's not really that hard, since
we've already got channels set up for

Smuggling

These days, with alcohol legally available, most
people think of narcotics when they think of smuggling.
And the Families certainly do smuggle drugs. We've
gotan enormous heroin interest. Butnarcotics actually
make up only a portion of our smuggling operations.

We reap an enormous profit running guns. Not
just the illegal kinds, like the full-autos, but handguns
and rifles too. You can get a few hundred on the
streets, easy, even for a .38 or a beat-up old Colt .45.
All because there's no paper trail, and the sorts of
people who buy guns from us like it when there's no
paper trail. We also keep a lot of the firepower for
ourselves. If you've got to shoot it out with someone,
it's always better if you've got the Uzis and the AKs
and leave them stuck with the pistols.

In fact, handguns aren't the only legal goods we
smuggle. Cigarettes, electronics, and computers and
yeah, even booze. These are all either expensive items
or goods with a pretty hefty sin tax attached to them.
From a street corner or the back of a pool hall, we can
sell crates of cigarettes or bottles of scotch fora lot less
than people are going to pay down at the corner store,
and we don't make them show us an ID, either. Hell,
run up a bar restock on the tab of restaurant you're in

mV VV ove vy vv cv ov ov YY ¥ sve

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS

7
55


_ There's More, Bul...

Forgive me, Don Cardona, but I don't think
you've been sufficiently educated on the current
state of the world to know what I'm talking
about. You know what computers are, but"has
the Internet been explained to you?

Right. So let me just say that some of the
forward-looking Families are branching into new

nas. It's possible, via. computers and the
Internet to steal secure information, transfer
huge sums of money, run all sorts of cons. The
details would be largely meaningless to you until
you've had more time to adapt. But you should at
least know that it's yet another business that we
have under way, and we'll leave it there for now.

good for. Sell a $60 bottle of liquor for $30 out the
back door — it's not like you're ever going to actually
pay for that bar order in the first place. Far as the
computers and electronics, well, we can't let these go
for quite as cheap as the ones we hijacked, since we
had to put some money into getting them across the
border, but they're still cheaper than anything you'll
find at Radio Shack.

What else? Knockoffs. Counterfeit brand-name
goods. Fads have gotten downright stupid while you've
been away, sire. People pay twice for one pair of jeans
what they'd pay for another, because there'sa different
label plastered across the ass. Maybe they want a copy
of J-Lo's new album — fuck me if I know why — but
they don't want to shell out 20 bucks for it. Or maybe
they want a specific brand of television, even though
the picture's the same and the shows all still suck. I
don't know, forget about it. Whatever the reason,
there's more than a few cents to be made providing for
these people, even if what they're getting wasn't made
by the company they think made it.

The Triads are even bigger into that than we are,
but there's enough to go around, at least until we
decide we want their share.

Something else that not even most of the other
Families are involved in: Those few dons who know
about the Kindred or the other weird shit that wanders
around at night have found a way to make that work
for us, too. I've charged other Kindred out the ass to
sneak them in or out of the country as part of our
freight. Even more than that, we've taken cash for all
kinds of strange things. Had one Toreador over in
Versailles pay a thick wad fora sample of Lupine vitae,
and there was one guy, one of those mages, who

coal
56

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Viagem. Vv NV PVs SV Vv VV Nae TY VV Va

A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A

Profitable Anonymity

Any discussion of La Cosa Nostra as it
pertains to supernatural entities will
eventually beg the question, "Why the
Mafia?" Why does this organization in
particular draw the attention of so many
different powerful groups with so many
disparate interests, and yet continue to work
outside their respective spheres of influence
on the whole? To be honest, more than one
answer satisfies the question, and all are
equally correct, but in the end it all comes
down to one basic princip!

To arrive at an answer, all one must ask
is, "What does the Mafia do?" It's a question
I endeavored to answer for you earlier this
evening. When we realize what an incredible
thing La Cosa Nostra really is, "why" starts
to become readily apparent: Here's a multi-
tiered, highly organized and widespread,
profitable organization — a multinational
corporation, for all intents and purposes. It
is a corporation, however, that-engages ina
multitude of illegal activities, thus raising
its profitability while reducing the amount
of outside interference one can expect when
dealing with it. After all, we all know what
would happen if you tried to go to the police
after a car you'd stolen was in turn stolen by
someone else. We know, because we've seen
it happen to others. There are some
prodigiously stupid criminals out there, Don

ardona.

This profitable anonymity is what draws
the likes of the Kindred and enterprising
warlocks in droves. Such creatures are already
beholden to the notion of anonymity by
their very existences, and the Mafia provides
an avenue by which they may affect the
mortal world while still remaining below
the line of mortal radar. After all, mortals
involved in Mafia affairs typically have
as much reason to stay inconspicuous,
making them confederates in anonymity by
default, and instituting a de facto and
mutually necessary honor among thiev

nd the idea that those of our kind can turn
a profit by doing so... well, that's about as
5 nario as we could ever

hope for, now isn't it?

A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A

wanted me to smuggle some old clock to a friend of his
in Brighton Beach. There's alot of money to be made
off the strangéness in this world, and we're one of the
few Families in place to:take advantage of it.

Thus far, sire, have laid out and examined for
you all the various mortal aspects and permutations of
this thing of ours. Now it
nitty gritty of, well...

The Mystical Side

What I mean by that, Don Cardona, isthe extent
of our knowledge regarding the supernatural
involvement and often interference in the
affairs of La Cosa Nostra. Oh, you don't? Oh, I see.
Well, yes, it has been rather a long time, hasn't it?
Precisely 70 years, according to my figures... but of
course, I've been keeping count. I've done my best to
gather together, from a number of reliable sources, a
collection of information on the involvement and
activities of the non-mortal element inside and
associated with the Mafia, and have synthesized the
material therein in preparation for the overview | give
to you tonight.

Let me begin by saying that in the time since you
laid yourself to rest, there has been a substantial rise in
the involvement of the supernatural as an element in
what is known tonight as the Mob.As I mentioned
earlier, several landmark squealers confirmed the

time for me to get into the

existence of a widespread criminal organization called
the Mafia some years ago. I'm well aware that in the
early days we were essentially left to our own devices,
free to operate as we chose when it came to the affairs
of our own. However, it is no longer a simple Family
matter between the various mortal organizations that
make up the bulk of the Mafia and their secret cabals
of undead benefactors. No, I'm truly sorry to say that
while you were sleeping, the Mafia has slowly grown
into a cultural miasma of the unholy. Pushed and
pulled from all sides, the modern Cosa Nostra is forced
tocontend with all manner of sorcerers, spirits, sinners
and shapeshifters, in addition to us....

Vampires

As I'm sure you are well aware, the history of La
Cosa Nostra has been linked to that of its most
prominent undead supporters, and in our own family's
case, true godfathers. In its early nights in Sicily, the
Mafia was considered something of a curiosity to the

vary ov

a GEES Ee, 2s ET Me SE SD I a Gk Be GEN AT Sa Aa GOD

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS


Ca
58

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4A_A4__4 __

undead. No single Kindred or group of Kindred lurked
behind its formation, though the rise of the movement
did pique the casual interest of several prominent
Kindred of the era. Interestingly, the Giovanni of
Venice were not among those who.took any interest
in the young mortal sect. The clan was far removed
from the activities of the insular Sicilians back then
— and still is, relative to its overstated reputation —
as ithad only recently emerged on the vampiric scene
and was still contending with its own intra-clan
squabbles.No, the earliest legitimate patrons of the
Mafia hailed from the ranks of the Italian Ventrue and
Lasombra, who were less at odds with one another at
the time than they would be after the formation of the
Camarilla proper in 1496.

Andas is the case with most worthwhile ventures,
wherever the Ventrue led, others would follow. Several
area Brujah who admired the Mafia's grass-roots origins
were drawn to the organization. Some saw in it an
opportunity to right what they saw as many of Italy's
numerous wrongs while others merely recognized the
inherent potential of a mortal organization of this
sort, and desired to spoil the party for their enemies
among the patrician clans. In this manner, other
Kindred as well Were called to the attention of the
Mafia and vice versa, leading us to the diversified —
and some would say diluted or even polluted — state
of the organization tonight. More so than any other
example I can think of, the'staggered vampiric history
of La Cosa Nostra proves that the childer of Caine
share the mortals' propensity for jumping on every
bandwagon that rumbles by.

It is difficult to make many definitive statements
regarding

Kindred-Mafia Interaction

but one might draw some general conclusions.

La Cosa Nostra shares a particularly unique
relationship with the undead, one that bears, and
perhaps even requires, a little bit of explanation.
One might be tempted to ask, "Why woulda Kindred
want to join the Mob?" but this is a loaded question.
In point of fact, the Mafia has no set policy on the
involvement of the Kindred, or on werewolves or
any other creature, for that matter. What it does
have isa larger sense of awareness of the supernatural
than most mortal organizations — one that its leaders
use to their advantage. These leaders have come to
a better understanding of the world in which they
live — the real one, not the mirage on the surface —

and have a healthy respect for the role the undead
play in that subcutaneous shadow world. Over time,
this has resulted in what we like to call a healthy
working relationship between the mortal heart of
the Mafia and its undead "ventricles," and most
Kindred in the know have a tendency to view the
Mafia at large with more respect than they do other
mortals. We simply have too many things in common
for us not to treat them as peers or at least as partners,
rather than as vessels or simply as something to be
used and cast aside.

Politically speaking, the Mafia is an ideal training
ground for both neonates and would-be childer. The
organization provides the neonate not only with a
place wherein he can hone his various skills, but with
a built-in distraction from the terrible age
discrimination inherent in being a fledgling among
the undead. The organization and its operations
provide an opportunity to learn the power structure of
the Kindred on the streets, to make connections in
police and city government, to learn how to deal with
and commit violence when necessary, as well as how
to get away with it. Perhaps most importantly, it pulls
theneonate headlong into the eye-opening experience
of operating within an organization that only permits
advancement at the expense of brethren who are in
constant competition for a discrete amount of both
advancement and favor. This also provides the young
Kindred a goal to work toward while he waits his turn
inside the slow, grinding gears of the vampiric political
machine. This is why some of the elders associated
with the organization actively encourage the admission
of new Kindred into its ranks, not merely to educate
and examine, but to help divert some of that willful
neonate energy as well.

In return, the new Kindred associate now has a
distinct advantage when dealing not only with the
mortal world, but when dealing with others of his kind
as well. Among the undead, true paisan are hard to
come by, and one is never certain from where the next
bullet or stake will come. Of course, joining the Mafia
certainly doesn't reduce the vampire's risk of sudden
and violent death, but it does provide him with an
immediate circle of well-armed allies who have sworn
oaths to come to his defense in times of need.

In the cases where one is born directly into the
Family —such as with your own line, Don Cardona —
the Mafia provides a training ground of a different sort.
As some of us know all too well, the Embrace is never
given lightly among most Kindred mafiosi and it must
be earned by constant and tireless dedication to the

VV FW ay Ne OV SVR 2 Voom

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

A _A_A _A _A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4_4

Family at large. More often than not, the would-be
childe is forced to enter a period of probation asa ghoul,
becoming one of what is known as the true soldati,
before he will be considered for the Embrace. Only
then, after years of loyal service — and even then, not
always — will a prospective Kindred be granted the
Embrace; in all cases, what is best for the Family acts,
or at least should act, as the ultimate arbiter of this
decision. Thus, perfectly worthwhile candidates‘may
be passed over simply because of the status of the Family
at any given time... among other reasons.

[Coughs]

But once the soldato does finally receive the
dubious distinction of being made, he immediately

comes to understand the

Benefits of Membership

Being made into the Family from the inside is a
vastly different situation than already being Kindred
and actively pursuing membership from the outside
in. In the Families where true lineage is a valued
commodity, made soldati are often given preferential
treatment, as you well know. The Kindred is now
considered untouchable by all the mortal adjuncts
and allies of the Family in question. Even the soldati
cannot so muchas breathe on him improperly. Among
the other Kindred of the Mafia, his overall status
stems froma complex combination of age, family, past
accomplishments and, of course, Kindred lineage. A
neonate may still be just a neonate, but if he has done
much for the prosperity of the Family, or if he is the
childe of a particularly esteemed sire, then due
consideration must be given at all times. As is the case
with the mortal side, this aspect tends to be abused a
great deal by weaker Kindred members, and we have
no shortage of whining daddy's boys in La Cosa Nostra
tonight, I'm sorry to say. But generally speaking, no
Kindred who has come up through the ranks ofa given
Family is to be trifled with. Most have more than
earned their stripes, as the saying goes, by that point,
and should be treated accordingly.

This is not to say that those who were made before
joining the Family get no respect, but they are
essentially treated as vampiric stranieri — Family
members of non-Italian blood. Of course, if such an
outsider vampire happens to be both Sicilian and an
elder, well then, the above considerations obviously
stillapply. Nobody's really going to "punish" a Sicilian
elder for not having come up through the ranks

SS an ae ae do Bee im Bae. Gee, Aa oa A See fi

=
CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS 59

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A_A_A __

‘ou were sleeping through the decades, a single moment passed wherein the entirety of L

Cosa Nostra was changed forever. On September 10, 1931, Salvatore Maranzano, then the capo di tutti
capi, was murdered in his Park Avenue office, signaling the dawn of what many refer to as the

Americanization" of the Mafia. This is due to the fact that his assassination also marked the start of
a wave of butchery that stretched across numerous state and Family lines. Nearly 40 Cosa Nostra
ountry that night, all Italian-born old-timers
ng its bid for power. Among those murdered were Sam
Monaco and Louis Russo, along with Maranzano himself and restaurant owner Gerardo Scarpato, and
that was just in New York. Other top bosses, underbosses and lieutenants were eliminated in Las Ve;
Kansas City and Chicago, all within hours of Maranzano's death. Within La Cosa Nostra itself, the
night soon became referred to as Purge Day; outside the Family, it has since come to be known as the
Night of Sicilian Vespers.

At the helm of this massive effort was Luck
Pete" and all his Sicilian clones. Luciano naturally denied the allegations, stating that the entire stor
had been cooked up by overzealous reporters e: to generate hype about organized crime in New
York. Still, it would be typical of Luciano's style to deny everything and dowr
be sensationalism by the media and other so-called Mafia pundits. The truth, Don Cardon:
always, that is something far more elusive... and unnerving.

leaders allied with Maranzano were slain all around the
eliminated by a younger gene

Luciano, who wanted to put an end to "Moustache

play the events as would-

Well, as

To this night, nobody can say for sure where the various non-human groups tie in to the event,
but this is nothing new. Most among our own kind, usually the best informed about such things, remain
ignorant of any one true story behind the massacre. I did, however, hear an interesting rumor that bears
repeating: It claims that though the idea for the m:
primarily executed by mortals, the night's bloody acti
who f
of anarch agents who used their knowledge of Lu
of hits all their own. You ask why I might give this theory any credence? Because several distinguished

s assassination did indeed originate with and was
ties were not limited to those mortal mafios
for a nationwide cabal

iano's plan as a basis from which to organi

Il victim to it. No, the evening was reputed to be an equally great succ
series

=
60

Camarilla Kindred also disappeared around that time — that very nig

And each and every victim was an elder.

somewhere. Generally speaking, though, among La
Cosa Nostra Kindred, mortal heritage matters more
than the other considerations such as clan or
generation, at least insofar as Family affairs are
concerned. And this works both ways: A 13th

generation Brujah neonate may go far in the Family if

he is of Sicilian blood, while an elder German Kindred
even though he may be Ventrue or Lasombra —
will never be able to advance as far. He will be forever
limited by the circumstances of his mortal birth.

This is not to say that clan is completely irrelevant.
It certainly has its place in the grand scheme of things.
Although the Mafia has been fully populated with
Kindred of all stripes by this era — or overpopulated,
some would say — there are varying degrees with
which each clan as a whole has come to be involved.
For clan purposes, most "Mob Kindred" can be

t, according to my sources.

categorized as belonging to one of two groups. The
first of these is a blanket term we use when referring
to those families with the strongest ties to the Mafia
over time, or those we have come to call the

Family Clans

These are the clans that are generally considered
to have —and to have had—the greatest interest and
influence in the mortal Cosa Nostra since its inception
in Sicily. Please understand, Don Cardona, that such
groupings qualify as loose definitions at best. I present
them for you in this way only to illustrate the general
but critical difference between those clans that involve
themselves directly in Family affairs, as opposed to
those clans whose members involve themselves on an
external and typically individual basis. The former —

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

VV av rv Sv. Va VV TN NY Nr

the five Family clans—are the Ventrue, the Lasombra,
the Brujah, the Nosferatu, and the Giovanni. Allow
me to provide for you an overview of where each clan
stands in relation to La Cosa Nostra tonight.

Once again, Don Cardona, I'll begin at home, as
it were, with the so-called

Blue Bloods

Although I'm sure the assertion would:find no
shortage of vehement denial among the Lasombra
and Brujah, it should be patently obvious to those of
us with eyes that the most powerful and prevalent
voice within and behind the Mafia to belongs to the
Ventrue. Despite the preferences of our rivals, the
facts are simply on our side. Ours were the first eyes to
follow the mortal movement's affairs in Sicily, and we
were the first to take an active role in the formation
of the organization's structure — which, one might
notice, bears a striking similarity to our own Gerousia.
Weare now among the most numerous of the Kindred
involved in La Cosa Nostra, even though Mafia
Ventrue choose their childer even more carefully
than their clanmates outside it. No, despite rumors to
the contrary we have been here from the start, a
patient and guiding hand behind many of the Mafia's
operations. Although the Ventrue have powerful
mafiosi all over the world, I have to say the spiritual
heart of the clan must certainly find its home here in
Malta, under the august tutelage and wise auspices of
great Kindred such as yourself, Don Cardona.

In theory, the Ventrue of the Family see it as their
clan duty to protect their mortal fellows from the
slings and arrows of other, less scrupulous creatures.
We often act as father figures to the crews with which
we are involved, whether or not we are in the positions
of authority. While we are not so myopic as to believe
that we are or even should be the only non-mortals
associated with La Cosa Nostra, we do feel that some
measure of purity needs to be maintained, else the
entire organization rot itself away from within. It's
hard enough keeping mortal mafiosi from killing each
other. Add a crew of hate-mongering Kindred and
Lupines into the mix, and you've got one highly
volatile scenario — a scenario somebody has to
endeavor to keep under control somehow. To be
certain, not all Ventrue take this stance. Merely the
honorable ones.

The Keepers

must, unforttinately, come next on my list. If
there's one overall pretender to the Ventrue power
base within La Cosa Nostra, it's those damn Lasombra.
Their usual tendency to portray history in their own
favor flies way outofcontrol regarding our organization.
Some of them actually go so far as to claim that it was
they, and not the Ventrue, who played the most
pivotal role during the early years of the Sicilian
mortal movement. This is, needless to say, complete
tubbish,, as anyone who knows his shadow. history
would:quickly tell you. To be fair, they are indeed
deeply involved in the affairs of the Mafia worldwide,
and are in fact the most active and directly involved
of the Family clans, after the Ventrue, of course.

Nonetheless, it's difficult to argue with results,
and if there's one thing that the Keepers are deadly
efficient at, it's meeting their ends. And to their
credit, most Mafia Lasombra seem to draw a fine but
distinct line in the sand where their other obligations
are concerned; either that or they just know better
than to let such peripheral issues cross over into
matters of Family business. Whatever the cause,
most Lasombra learn well — and fast — the trick of
adeptly and constantly juggling matters 6f clan, sect
and Family without letting any one fall or touch the
others. This is of especially singular importance to
the Lasombra, as their parent sect frowns on any and
all in-depth involvement with the mortals without
viable and obvious results to show for it, and Keepers
who fail to master this balancing'act soon learn the
price of failure.

Of course, as befits an organization oft-times
called "the Mob," it is impossible to overstate the
involvement of

The Rabble

Although I find them boorish on the whole,
even I must admit that some of our most useful
members hail from among the Brujah. And though
their status as one of the true Family clans comes
mainly from their history as glorified agitators during
the organization's early stages, we must nonetheless
give them their proper respect. The Brujah are a
vital part of the Mafia as we know it, the cogs that
keep the machine oiled and moving. This fact
stems from the two-tiered role in which they serve
the Family tonight.

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_

=
62

First of all, the Brujah make up quite aconsiderable
portion of our made soldiers on the street. It is a
stereotype, yes, but it is one that they have been more
than happy to step into, and with some vigor, I might
add. Although they are discouraged from establishing
"Brujah only" crews of their own, [have heard that it
is most often the Brujah who are called together when
a piece of work needs doing. This has the dual effect
of keeping rival gangs on relatively good terms while
keeping the Brujah themselves generally satisfied
with their Situations.

The second and more important role in which the
Brujah serve is as ambassadors and representatives to
the other factions of organized crime. In particular, we
have met with considerable success in establishing
business relations with many of the Russian "Mob"
syndicates since the fall of what was known as the
Shadow Curtain. Many of those Russian Kindred who
were heretofore unable to extend their operations
beyond the borders of their homeland have been
coming forward of late, looking for assistance and
partnership from the Sicilian Mafia. We were hesitant
about the opportunity at first, but results always speak
for themselves, and the Brujah have been nothing if
not productive inthis regard. Some of our deepest
inroads into Russia's cartels have been made at the
hands of several capable Brujah mafiosi, many of
whom had brothers im blood trapped behind the
Shadow Curtainwhen it first.arose in 1990. It is good
tosee them now using their oncé ineffectual contacts
to bring about some business for the Family.

The Sewer Rats

are, oddly enough, an equally solid and vital pillar
of our organization. If the Ventrue can be said to be
the heart and brain of the Kindred of La Cosa Nostra,
then the Nosferatu are the circulatory and central
nervous systems, all rolled into one. To continue the
metaphor, their tireless efforts can be said to keep the
life's blood of the organization pumping through and
out to all of the organization's many undead
extremities. According to my sources, our Nosferatu
have used their clan's natural predilections toward
cooperation and secrecy to the Family's advantage,
often in some creative and profitable ways. For
example, they employ some sort of computer code to
communicate with other Nosferatu across the globe,
allowing them to get the word out quickly when
necessary, while simultaneously evading all the usual
prying eyes. Indeed, were it not for the Nosferatu, the

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

long andiincreasingly adept arm of the law — and all
its own Supernatural benefactors — might well have
caught up to us by now.

These Kindred are capable of getting wind of
when and how the police are mobilizing, and they do
so with an unsettling ease. Their talents give our boys
plenty of time to scatter, leaving behind just the right
amountof "evidence" to keep police attentions pointed
in the right direction. In addition, the Nosferatu are
quite adept at making legitimate evidence simply
disappear from both computer and hard-copy databases
as well as physical storage facilities. They have even
been known, on occasion, to hide moles as well, such
as important snitches or soldiers whose faces have
been made or whose covers has been blown. The
Nosferatu are also intimately connected to the actual
night-to-night operations of our various Kindred crews,
and a significant number of Kindred consiglieri and
underbosses hail from the Sewer Rats.

The other, arguably more important aspect of this
pivotal Family clan lies in the notion of the word
"family." The word is practically a double-entendre to
these Kindred, many of whom know no other relations
than the other members of their crews. I have heard
some Nosferatu refer to their own subterranean family
dwellings as warrens, though I cannot imagine any of
our Nosferatu willingly submitting to such an
unpleasant environment. Most of the Nosferatu with
whom | orany of my underlings are personally familiar
carry themselves quite proudly, draping themselves in
fine clothing and the like, as though their membership
in La Cosa Nostra has somehow lifted them from their
ignoble plight as the supernatural denizens of the
world's sewers. Indeed, it seems as though the taking
of the oath only strengthens their bonds of loyalty to
one another. As of tonight, if my sources are to be
trusted, the Nosferatu claim more "clan only" crews
than any other clan — a price willingly paid by the
organization in exchange for the many services these
valuable Kindred provide.

The Necromancers

are, of all the Family Clans, the most outside the
nightly ebb and flow of true Family operations.
Although often given credit for being the most Mafia-
like Kindred, they are actually quite separate and
distinct from the rest of those associated with La Cosa
Nostra. For one thing, the Giovanni were and still are
Venetian at heart, not Sicilian, and when La Cosa
Nostra first formed, the Giovanni had precisely

nothing to do with it, as you are well aware. Since
then, the Giovanni have become guilty by association.
While it is true that they have some significant
interactions with the Mafia, these are more peripheral
than most would think, for two reasons. First, the
Giovanni are far more concerned with their own
family than they are with anyone else's. To them,
family means clan —an attitude that, when carried to
their flavor of extremes, proves detrimental to the
organization as a whole. Second, the Giovanni have
apparently never heard of the notion of sharing the
wealth, and indeed, have become some of our biggest
competitors where the higher-level, white-collar
crimes are concerned.

I have even heard tell that the Giovanni
occasionally deliberately provoke a violent conflict
with one of our own crews. When this happens, the
Giovanni bosses are reasonably confident that
whatever soldiers they send, whether they be ghouls
or childer, are probably going to survive, not to
mention the fact that they will now have access to
wraiths they can compel, who almost certainly have
inside knowledge of Mafia activities. It's rather clever,
actually. In addition to keeping their competition at
asteady level of weakness, the Giovanni are providing
for themselves a steady source of information on
Mafia activities that cannot be cut off or traced.
While certainly not a foolproof tactic, it is one they
might employ ifand when they're really at loggerheads
with a specific crew or Family. Thus, every once ina
while, when the mortal Families geta bit too dangerous
to the Giovanni, they act, returning the status quo
while obtaining much needed updates on current
enemy tactics. Thankfully, this business doesn't seem
to be standard practice of any kind, but merely an
occasional move for when the clan elders grownervous.

From this practice and from the other considerable
data I've gathered, it becomes apparent that the
Giovanniare looking at expanding their own influence
within the Mafia, but they're only interested in doing
so as a unit, and only to suit their own inscrutable
purposes. Although the other Family clans may jockey
for position, they do so primarily as individuals and as
Families first, rarely if ever as clans. The Giovanni, on
the other hand, are competitors in the extreme.
They've got their fingers sunk into a number of
specific Families in which other Kindred find it
extremely difficult if not impossible to obtain any
leverage. Because the Giovanni already have so many
criminal connections outside the Mob, these Families
have an edge over those where the Kindred are

limited by and to their own Mafia-specific connections.
Although it's a sobering pill to swallow, the fact that
these Familiés are more than prospering under the
aegis of the Giovanni is the simplest and truest
testament to the clan's effect upon the organization
overall. The Giovanni are considered a Family clan
not because they share the Mafia attitude, but because
their power in La Cosa Nostra has simply become too
expansive toiignore, even though it's still technically
a minority, presence... for now.

Yes, sire, what you remember of the 20s and'30s
was only the beginning. And to be perfectly honest, if
Thad my way, the rest of us would start concentrating
more of our efforts on "encouraging" the Giovanni to
stand up and take a side, once and for all.

Connected Clans

make up the second broad category of Kindred
associated with the Family. Although this leaves a
number of clans unmentioned, the remainder cannot
truthfully be discussed in terms of clan. Each must be
addressed individually. But as for those we like to call
the connected... with your permission, I'll just go
through them one by one, and you can stop me if you
have any questions, buono?

The Assassins

have a sporadic but mutually beneficial
relationship with the Mafia. Although we typically
prefer not to air our own dirty laundry, there arise
occasions for which outside expertise is required. On
these occasions, some of the less traditional mafiosi
have been known to resort to calling in one of these
dreaded killers. Interestingly, such contracts are not
always drawn up for the removal of a rival or errant
snitch. Assamites have been called in for a number
of reasons over time, ranging from the unusually
mundane — I heard once of an Assassin being hired
to serve as security for a paranoid Lasombra's mortal
niece fora weekend — to the positively bizarre, such
as the familiar but nonetheless true story of Easy
Wynn Scarpaccio, who once hired an Assamite to
accompany him on a hit, just so he could use the
Assassin's powers of stealth and silence. Scarpaccio
pulled the trigger himself, of course. Now there's a
Kindred who's not afraid to.get his hands dirty.

In recent nights, however, our relationship with
the Assassins has shifted significantly and
surprisingly. Recent changes in clan attitudes and

= ae A Si i ae Ee Mae BE Se Ee Beem Gee (ID a SE A

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS

=
63


=
64

policies have resulted, as with the Russia situation,
in an "opening up" of the Middle East — a road we
are pleased to find runs both ways. Some among their
vizier caste have actually become financial partners
to us in recent nights, and have been responsible for
illuminating us about the potential)monies to be
made in avenues of business upon which, frankly, we
had never even considered embarking before. In
addition, they are well aware of our particular Family's
position on the Setites, and have even hinted at
some mutually beneficial solutions to the problem.
While I have more details in the file, one idea I'm
particularly excited about is their strategy to help us
alleviate our own need for any services the Serpents
might provide for us. Much in the same way we are
currently instructing the Russians on self-reliance,
the Assamites are offering to teach us how to slowly
wean ourselves away from the attractive nuisance
the Setites represent; to find alternate routes for our
needs, rather than to give in to indolence and accept
the Serpents' overtures. Indeed, of all the things I
have to report to you, Don Cardona, the current
state of our family's relations with the Assamites is
one of the most gratifying, and I for one am excited
to see where the relationship might blossom in the
near future.

The Oullanders

are the flipside of that independent contractor
coin. Inthe old nights, the Gangrebtypically came to
the Mafia's attention much in the same way they
came to the attention of various local princes. They
would pass through a particular crew's area, sometimes
staying for a short while before moving on. Now, as
the Gangrel are Kindred, the definition of "a short
while" is up for some serious debate, particularly
where the mortal Mafia crews were concerned.
Oftentimes, the Gangrel would be in on the whole
arrangement and would voluntarily make his presence
and general plans known in order to smooth over any
bumps the local crew might have had. It began in
this manner, the curiously detached relationship
between the Gangrel clan and the Mafia at large,
and has since grown into one of mutual respect, non-
aggression, and sometimes even profit. Most often,
the Gangrel could and usually were willing to provide
any of those services that required a distinctly non-
Mafia hand. For one thing, between the Nosferatu
and these guys, we had ourselves one hell of an
information network for a while there, let me tell

WORLDOF DARKNESS: MAFIA

you. Asgood as the Nosferatu are, it's amazing the
rumors a single wandering Gangrel can pick up on
the streets, to say nothing of their use as couriers. It
might even be possible for the Feds to put a tap ona
Nosferatu line, unlikely as it seems, but let's see them
attach a wire to an uncooperative Gangrel.

Also, though it was never all that common, the
Gangrel are sometimes better suited to freelance hits
even than the Assamites, if you can find one who is
willing to kill for you. For one thing, they're a lot
cheaper by and large, and a lot more common in
some of the places we frequent. And even an
Assamite's gotta find a way through the door or
window, but how specialized does your security system
need to be to keep out a bat or a cloud of fog?

For some time, then, this is essentially where the
Outlanders fit into our overall operations. But while
I was assembling this very file for you, | began to
notice a peculiar trend among the Gangrel. When
the majority of the reports were finally in, I realized
that our organization can now claim many more
Outlanders as members than most believe to be the
case. An increasing number of Gangrel have been
brought into the Family over the last few years, and
from what it looks like, the majority of them had
been mortal mafiosi to begin with. Obviously, such a
ritual is typically presided over with a great deal of
care if not discretion, which is part of the reason we
have the information we have on the subject, but our
general tendency to downplay clan has resulted in the
matter going largely unnoticed. It remains just a
theory for now, but I believe a majority of these new
Kindred mafiosi to have been specifically Embraced as
Gangrel for some purpose yet unknown, and | felt that
the situation should be brought to your immediate
attention. The remainder of my theory involves a
hidden agenda on the part of clan elders, or perhaps
simply one powerfully ambitious elder. The clan's
recent secession from Camarilla politics created a
hefty vacuum within the clan. It's a vacuum
comfortably filled by the presence of the Mafia, if I'm
not mistaken, and I can't imagine a clan as resourceful
as the Gangrel not attempting to make the most of
their past dealings with us.

The Degenerates

as a whole hate those of us involved with the
Mafia with all the overwrought passion of their undead
hearts. Over the last hundred years, we've destroyed
orstolenan awful lot that they've directly or indirectly

fought to create or sustain. By and large, organized
crime represents the antithesis of everything that
many Toreador hold dear, and even those of us who
endeavor to sponsor the arts rather than simply to use
them tend to arouse Toreador anger or at least
suspicion, as they seem to view such measures as
fraudulent orsomehow cheapening. This stems mainly
from the fact that overall the Toreador seem to view
the Mafia as a massively destabilizing element that
disrupts the smooth-running utopia the clan'wishes to
construct around itself. In addition, the more involved
our organization becomes, the lesspower and influence
there will be available to them, in the long run, which
brings us to what I feel to be the real root of their issue
with us: jealousy.

Still, some of us continue to try to build bridges
here and there — occasionally even literally. In fact,
it seems to make some mafiosi feel better about
themselves and their activities to give something
back to the community, most often in the form of
cultural endowment. Once they've involved
themselves in social gatherings and organizations,
they inevitably end up encountering the Toreador
who feed on that particular sort of buffet. Some of the
less judgmental Degenerates recognize a good thing
when they see it, and it is this silent majority we end
up trafficking with most often. I'm reminded of one in
particular, an auction house owner, who has grown
rather fond of selling off various objets d'art to
individuals who happen to owe us money — a tidy
little laundering operation, I must say.

At this juncture, allow me to stray from the point
for a brief interlude inside

The Great Pyramid

Although the Tremere as a clan have no strong
ties to the Mafia, they are worth a look if for no
reason other than purposes of comparison. The
Tremere, as we understand them, have several
important qualities worth mentioning. First, they
are organized ina pyramidal hierarchy, witha council
of seven regional leaders beneath the overall boss,
and with seven sub-regional advisors to each regional
leader, and so on. Second, the Tremere are taught to
respect age, power and, most importantly, ambition.
After all, how can one ever hope to achieve the
former without the latter? Also, as only a given
number of these ranks is available at any one time,
the only real way of advancing within the family is
to prove that you are the superior of your direct

leader or to remove him outright, but Heaven help
you if you are actually caught trying to do so. Any of
this starting to sound familiar?

One.would think-that such a sense of familiarity
would»make the Mafia extremely attractive to the
likes of the Tremere, but apparently it is not. Although
we have substantial evidence to support the notion
that the Tremere have their many eyes and ears on our
activities worldwide, we have very little to support
the idea that they are planning to actually involve
themselves in those affairs. Indeed, it's enough to
make one believe that the Tremere have noabsolutely
no interest whatsoever in La Cosa Nostra, else we'd
surely have heard from them by now.

Wouldn't we?

Ah, yes. No discussion of vampiric criminals
and crime would be complete without paying
proper attention to

The Deceivers

are the charlatans of our kind. At one time, the
very mention of the Ravnos would send ripples of
frustration through those of us with legitimate business
to attend to. Their knack for destroying our carefully
cultivated plans or operations for reasons we've never
been able to figure out until it's far too late put them
at the top of our shit list for many ‘years. Granted,
every once in a while — in a blue fucking moon, that
is—one of them would flip and become an informant
or deep cover operative for us. I even heard from one
of our boys in Trenton about a Ravnos shooter who
used his tricks to "convince" his marks that they were
really dead, and to great effect, apparently. For the
most part, though, they tended to disrupt every Mafia
endeavor they came in contact with. Their refusal to
follow our ground rules, and their involvement with
various crimes and vices that usually fall under our
own aegis, meant that their very presence proved
damaging to our operations. Our personal Family's
party line was to avoid at all costs.

But over the last couple of years, all of this has
changed. What was once a clan of arrogant and devil-
may-care hooligans has become a scattered
hodgepodge of quiet and secretive loners. Most of
those we used to keep tabs on have dropped from radar
entirely, and the few new ones who have been emerging
are doing so on relatively open terms, and with none
of their usual caprice. Now, we don't know what
exactly has got them so spooked, and I for one don't
care. All we know is that whatever it is, it's got several

\ a Goa, Sm, Sms ie, Sia a GE A. (A RS Ra ET, SR ES (SS, /

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS

=
65


of them scared enough that they're willing to work
honestly with anyone who'll watch their backs —
something nobody could ever have truthfully said of
the Ravnos as recently as a decade ago. And quite
frankly, Don Cardona, it is somewhat gratifying,
considering all the trouble they've put us through
over time. Now they can put their skills toward
fucking with those who fuck with us, for a change.
Now, if there's one clan that seems to want to
muscle in on Mafia business lock, stock and barrel, it's

The Serpents

Although these slippery shitheels originally stuck
to an entirely different circle of underworld activity,
the two circles were destined to overlap, and when
they finally did the sparks flew. Since then, they've
tried to muscle in on our action regarding a number of
street-level operations, such as drugs and prostitution,
and have begun branching out into other, more
esoteric interests in recent years. It is in this latter
regard that we find them the most bothersome. When
they set their minds toa thing, you can bet that you'll
not be the one to change it. The only good thing I can
say about them is,that their presence has been more
than enough to keep the Giovanni's hands full. The
underworld interests of the two often conflict, and
since' the Setites occasionally make use of our own
services — it's rare, but itdoes happen—they're more
likely to directly challenge the Necromancers than
they are.to directly challenge us. Plus there's the fact
that the Setites seem to enjoy their would-be
underworld rivalry with the Giovanni, and we're sure
as hell not going to tell them to play nice. In fact, as
far as our particular Family isconcerned, the Giovanni
are the bigger threat to our business interests overall...
for the moment.

Sadly, it seems that only a select few of the
older Families continue to hold out against these
manipulators, yours among them. One by one, the
rest have been bedfellows, at least briefly, with the
passive and persuasive onslaught of so-called Setite
business practice. The Serpents have just made it
too damn difficult not to deal with them. They're
making sure that, one way or another, some portion
of all the various underworld roads will lead either
directly to or right past their door. And I fear that
one night, we ourselves may have to take a long,
hard look at our own position toward this clan, lest
we lose our competitive edge. If dealing with them
truly is a modern cost of business, then it's one we
may well have to pay eventually. Hopefully,

WORLDOF DARKNESS: MAFIA

however, the awakening of our eminent patriarch
will prove more than enough to keep these vipers
eternally at arm's length.

Although the undead have long been both balm
and wound to La Cosa Nostra, let me now address for
you the matter of

Werewolves

I'm sure that I don't need to provide for you an
overview on the very creatures that you must have
engaged on numerous occasions, but I should update
you on one important aspect of their involvement in
our affairs that has changed since you were last with
us, Don Cardona: No longer is it considered improper
to openly deal with werewolves. Even I, myself, have
engaged in various correspondences, for mutual
benefit, naturally, with certain members of their kind.
With all of our significant competition these nights,
it is simply unwise not to deal with them. Better to
come to them openly and with respect, and in so
doing, to deal with them on your own terms, than to
spurn them as savages and risk them offering their
services to your opposition.

Much as with the Setite situation, intercourse
with werewolves is becoming increasingly widespread.
Quite a few Families have engaged in arrangements
with individuals or packs of werewolves to mutual
benefit. I use the term pack because that is how my
contact among their kind refers to them. The
distinction between pack and crew is a complex one,
where the Mafia is concerned, a bit of a squares-and-
rectangles sort of arrangement. Apparently, any
collection of werewolves who run together ona regular
basis qualifies as a pack. But not every pack, even the
ones in which a particular member might be Family,
qualifies as a crew. In general, unless each member is
part of the Family, or in rare cases, when just the
leader is, the group can be called a pack and nothing
more. From what I've seen, packs that keep to their
own affairs, while occasionally performing some work
with or for the Mafia, are the norm. Legitimate
werewolf crews, on the other hand, are quite rare.

In most cases, the Family agrees to perform a
particular service or set of services to the pack in
exchange for consideration, most often in the form of
what this thing of ours likes to call "dirty work." In
most cases, the pack or individual in question needs
one of its own to be taken care of and comes to the
Family for help. Apparently, it's against the rules for
one of them to dispatch a fellow werewolf. Amusing,

A_A_A _ A A A A A A A _A _A_A _A_A_A

no? I guess some predilections are universal. In any
event, the Family or crew agrees to the piece of work
in exchange for that pack or individual's support
against its own underworld enemies. Tit for tat.
Standard operating procedure.

Oh, I understand, and I thought so too, at first.
But if you'll allow, Don Cardona... it is what it is.

Believe me, the great strength of these creaturés
lies, quite simply, in their great strength. I beg you not
to underestimate the value of a soldier,such as this.
First of all, they appear to be bound by a similar code
a werewolf-specific omerta, if you
will. Their "honor" — such as they know it — is
matched only by their ferocity in combat. I, myself,
have had the surreal pleasure of watching them work
on two separate occasions, Don Cardona. It is a sight
I've no desire to see again, even from the sidelines. But
then again, | am quite sure that | don't need to tell you
how... efficient they are in their work.

of honor as we

Second, they carry with them certain valuable
traits by virtue of their very existences. For one thing,
let us not underestimate the fear factor. If I send a
soldier to squeeze a few extra points out of a delinquent
shopkeeper, imagine how much more inclined the
target will be to cooperate when our man survives
getting blasted with both barrels of the shotgun the
owner keeps under his counter for just such a visit. You
get my point. Yes, I know it's crass, but you've got to
keep up with the times, Don Cardona, and the
environment these days is even more brutal than it was
in the 20s, if you can believe it. And I've done my
homework on this, too; if we're going to have a chance
against these merciless Asian Triads, we've got to step
up and start using similar tactics. Fire with fire, sire.
And let us not forget these werewolves' utility in other
ways. Afterall, the ability ofa creature to enter another
world and emerge more or less wherever he wants does
open up an entire host of possibilities, not all of which
are martial in nature. Why, the bank-robbing potential
alone is endless, to say nothing of a miracle escape from
a police raid or a hail of assassin's bullets. But when we
combine these two factors? Well, justask any Nosferatu
about the advantage of surprise in combat.

All things considered, we have a lot more in
common with them than may be first apparent. It isno
surprise that of all the creatures with whom La Cosa
Nostra shares the night, these werewolves are the
most connected to the Family and its activities, after
us, of course. In fact, with the help of my man on the
inside, a Japanese werewolf connected to the Asian
and American Triads, we've even been able to sort
them into their own distinctive

vary VovVav iV wo TY ov NOW ty CY vor 2, oem
CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS

=
68

Werewolf Families

As I said before, these creatures seem to value
honor as it pertains to the Family dynamic, and thus,
many of them continue to claim allegiance to their
overall breeding, sometimes even before their duties
to themselves or their crews. Sorry; [mean packs. But
it's interesting, either way. While they're certainly
not as tied to their supernatural creation as, say, the
Giovanni are, it seems as though they are somewhat
more Connected to their werewolf families than the
rest of the supernaturally attuned mafiosi are to their
respective groups.

From the information I've been given, we've been
able to isolate a number of specific werewolf families,
each with strong connections of one kind or another
tothe Mafia. Now, to give yousome idea of perspective,
I would say that even these three families are not the
werewolf equivalent.of any of our own Family clans.
Their involvement more closely resembles that of the
connected clans in terms of their overall numbers,
though not in terms of business or influence. Indeed,
a single werewolf mafioso, such as my contact among
the Asians, can amass quite a bit of underworld
influence when he decides to put his mind to it.

The first werewolf family, as such, of the Mafia
hails from all over, but has the deepest roots in the
United States and the:Far East. For what it's worth,
I've heard them referred tovas Circuit Riders, though
Thighly doubt that the name is the traditional one for
the family, My contact, Hiroyuki,'tells me that they
are more commonly known as the Glass Walkers,
though I'll admit to preferring the former, all things
considered. Regardless, these werewolvesare extremely
technologically adept for savages, and they have often
used their considerable prowess with computers to
wreak all kinds of brilliant havoc. I'm reminded of one
instance where one of these "Circuit Riders" hacked
into a highly secured mainframe in order to prove a
point. He was eager to do business with us, and felt
that this was the way to prove his worth. You can
imagine how irritated, not to say embarrassed, the
Nosferatu were by this little prank. My own contact,
Hiroyuki, hails from this family, and he tells me that
they are essentially "all about the bottom line." This
is not to say that they are without honor. Far from it.
Rather, it is more that they will go where the business
takes them, without preconceptions, biases, or even
fears. And this I admire.

WORLDOF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Thessecond most involved family as a whole is
what 48 known as the Shadow Lords. A bit
melodramatic, that, but it is what they call themselves,
so.we shall do likewise out of respect. Unfortunately,
this family's involvement is more along the lines of
the Giovanni's, and most of us Kindred mafiosi tend to
view them as competitors rather than potential allies.
Much of this stems from their direct and often
instrumental involvement in the Russian Mob. While
you might think that that would make them more or
less partners, seeing as how the mortal Russians are
currently trying to learn from us, such is not the case.
No, these Shadow Lords are attempting to wean their
mortal counterparts away from any andall involvement
with La Cosa Nostra. They believe us to be an
unnecessary crutch to their operations, that the
Russian crews can get their act together without our
assistance, especially with the recent fall of the Shadow
Curtain. They've been nudging their mortal
counterparts away from all contact with us, and indeed,
have grown quite firm in their resolve of late, resulting
in a number of tense interactions that have
occasionally come to bloodshed. | must admit, the
thought of us suffering such losses for our efforts does
make me seethe, and though I admire their ambition,
pride is ultimately the deadliest of sins, is it not?

The last of the deeply connected werewolf families
is arguably the most curious. We have found no
particular home base or even name, traditional or
otherwise, for this family, and they have numerous
crews and operations spread all over the globe. Their
communication network rivals that of the Circuit
Riders — or even the Nosferatu — but their methods
differ. Rather than using purely computerized methods,
Thave heard that they use their own kind as messengers
between crews and bosses. This is not as inefficient as
one might think. Remember how they canslip between
worlds? Well, apparently they've found a way to use
this ability to their advantage, making travel on this
world a far less daunting and time-consuming task.
This also has the side effect of ensuring the security of
their various in-house correspondences, as it offers no
risk of anyone hacking into the information en route.
Frankly, we know of their existence and involvement
because they allow us to, in that they've come to us
with various business propositions, and seem to have
aknack for knowing just when and where to get in on
the ground floor of a given opportunity. To date, the
relationship, though mysterious and a bit one-sided,
has been quite profitable for both parties, so many in

La Cosa Nostra don't really mind the situation. Some
of us, however, are old or wise enough to know that
when something looks too good to be true, it usually
is. Just so you know, Don Cardona, when I asked
Hiroyuki as to why all the secrecy surrounding the
identity of this last family, he had no satisfactory
answer to give me. He could only shake his head and
whisper, "perhaps it is best for us not to know, hmm?"

Now, though most werewolves associated with
the Mafia hail from or at least owe allegiance to one
of these more prominent families, there are yet other,
more independent members of their kind. Those we
have come to call

The Solitaria

Although the term "family" is used here to apply
to groups of werewolves linked by common ancestry,
the word carries more than this one definition and
certainly more than this single, limited application.
Separate and distinct from these larger families,
alienated by both physicality and ancestry, is another
"non-family" of werewolves — one that is particularly
useful to the Mafia. Unified by ostracism and reared
by opportunity, these orphaned werewolves are found
in areas where there is little or no presence from the
other major families. Hiroyuki, the Japanese Glass
Walker of which I spoke, once referred to these
creatures — with no small measure of disgust, | might
add — as Ronin. Although I'm unfamiliar with the
word, I expect it has the same origins or at least
applications as our own term for them, the solitaria.

For one reason or another, these solitaria have
been cast aside by their fellow werewolves and thus
have no werewolf-specific family to call their own.
Instead, they latch onto those who would accept
them for who they are, or more often, what they can
provide. Most interestingly, these embittered
individuals often make incredibly loyal bodyguards
and shooters, and one solitario can be readily depended
upon todo the work of adozen ordinary soldiers. Some
of the best mercenaries come from their ranks, and it
is wise — and fairly easy, all things considered — to
use their unfortunate backgrounds and predilections
to one's advantage.

Although they typically operate alone, sometimes
a number of solitaria will unite to form a crew of their
own. The best example of how well these individuals
work together ona large-scale can be found in a small
town in Manitoba, Canada. In this relatively remote
locale, an entire family of solitaria has come into its
own, having bred and interbred with the region's

mortals — don't ask me how/that works — over
successive generations until' the entire family is a
hereditary créw of its own..By now, everyone involved
in organized crime in,the area is connected with this
familysin some way. or another; if you are not part of
the group, then. you are not welcome, and to be
unwelcome,here is to be marked for death. These
insular werewolves severely punish any would-be
criminal trespassers on their territory, be it
metaphori¢al or even physical, and have grown quite
wealthy on all the monies to be made in the diversified
avenues of organized crime. Thankfully, their insular
nature and explosive temperament have made
expansion an unlikely prospect, but the Manitoba
family has nonetheless shown us what can happen
when these solitaria decide to band together or are left
to their own devices.

That said, allow me now to move on to what |
believe to be the biggest potential threat to our
operations worldwide.

Warlocks

I'm not sure how deep your knowledge of these
sorcerers is on the whole, or what part they may have
played in the time before you entered the cold sleep of
torpor. What I am sure of is that they've stepped up to
take an extremely proactive role in Mafia affairs since
that time, particularly in the last 30 years. Now, as I
have made it a personal crusade tokeep up to date on
these individuals and their activities, our information
on them is quite substantial and, for the most part,
both detailed and accurate.

From what we know, warlocks are organized into
groups, much like ourselves and the werewolves.
However, these stratifications are based purely on
what sorts of miracles they prefer to invoke, rather
than any hereditary issue, and are largely
inconsequential to their business interests where we
are concerned. This, I'm afraid to say, is probably their
biggest if not their only saving grace. Nonetheless, a
few warlocks pursue activities that are tied to their
groups, and thus to their beliefs as a whole, and it is
these groups that can be categorized into

Warlock Families

Thanks to the many eyes and ears I have put to
this task, I have for you tonight a reasonably accurate
picture of the aims and goals of the five largest warlock
families. Some of these only interact with us

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS

=
69

‘(i
70

peripherally, while others involve themselves as much
as any other supernatural group, though possibly not
as much as they themselves would like.

The most directly involved group of warlocks is a
loose organization called the CultofEcstasy. This cult
is the most involved in La Cosa Nostra as it pertains
to business as usual. Cult members provide both
product and customers for Mafia drugs, vice and other
entertainments, and they are loath to involve the
police in their dealings. Indeed, a great deal of the
information on warlocks we currently have comes
from a loquacious few of these individuals, who have
found both honor and security in their status as loyal
Family members. Although they are a bit sketchy on
the whole, with their orgiastic ritualism and their
Bohemian appetites, their contacts and abilities
provide the Mafia with a much-needed thinking
element on the streets.

Another group that falls into the "connected"
category is one that calls itself the Virtual Adepts, a
bunch of technology-savvy warlocks who use
computers to work their magic. The Mafia has a few
of these in its employ, endeavoring to use the Internet
as both a means by which their businesses can grow
andasa tool for thedefense of Mob secrets. Asa result,
a handful have even been made for their efforts at
securing classified documents and providing nearly
traceless electronic paper trails for their businesses. In
recent years, several have even learned how to track
various sought-after parties through their vast
computer expertise. In most cases, we call them in to
help locate individuals who have gone underground
in order to escape various obligations to the Family,
but they have also been known to put their skills to
good use in other, more enterprising ventures, such as
electronic security systems... and the circumvention
thereof. Believe me, Don Cardona, though this may
prove to be the biggest adjustment you will have to
make since rising from torpor, you must believe that
there are truly no limits to the wonders of computers.

The strangest group is the one with the least official
involvement in Mafia affairs, but the operative word
there is "official." They call themselves the Syndic
Progenitors and have a predilection toward magic of a
scientific nature. Certain of these "Syndicates" have
used their talents to build better drugs, requiring less
expensive materials, and some American Syndics have
even done experiments on a few of our enforcers in an
attempt to make them tougher, stronger ormore resistant
to injury. These trials have been remarkably and
frightfully successful, by all accounts. In your file you

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

should find a detailed record of the situation in
Providence, Rhode Island, to where a good portion of
this movement can trace its birth.

‘(Although we don't have a proper name for them
— yet — I have here several reports of a group of
religious warlocks who seem to view their magic as a
gift from God, though I find the very thought of it
blasphemous. The majority of their affairs with La
Cosa Nostra, best we can determine, involve their
unceasing efforts to muddle everything of ours that
they can get their hands on. Although we were unsure
at first, it has since become readily apparent that this
group actively works to suppress Mob activities,
presumably because of its associations with the undead,
though that could be merely ego speaking on our
behalf. This particular family is also noteworthy
because of their one radical splinter sect, a group
called the Brotherhood of St. John. This secret cabal
seems to think the Mafia is actually serving God in its
protection of humanity, and they support La Cosa
Nostra where they can, so long as it continues to
maintain its traditional distance from overarching
supernatural influence as a whole. Perhaps they are
unaware of how pivotal we Kindred truly are to the
Mafia, no? Nevertheless, this splinter group would be
a great asset in determining the activities of the other
warlocks, assuming we could get them to work for us
without setting off their "Kindred alarm," or whatever
it is they have.

The last group with whom we have extensive
relations is an unnamed collective of theology scholars
and thanatologists. From what we know, they view
magic as the key to unlocking the door between life and
death. This beliefis surely bound to get them into trouble
eventually, so we are sure to keep them at a distance
whenever we do deal with them, and have had reasonably
good relations with them up until now. Since we first
became aware of their existence, we've sought to use
their areas of expertise to our advantage, particularly in
the areas of interrogation. As much as I'm reluctant to
admit it, we have been known seek out their counsel in
the past on matters such as pain tolerance and the
threshold between life and death. I have also heard that
they have a unique relationship with chance, and when
one of these warlocks plays the odds, he is actually
playing with the odds, rather than the other way around.
I have heard that they can influence or at least predict
the tumble of a die, a sequence of shuffled cards or the
bounce of a roulette ball, and that some have amassed
small fortunes from doing nothing but gambling.
Interestingly, I've heard that most of them prefer to

avoid this sort of gaudy behavior, probably to avoid the
blacklisting that inevitably follows such "good luck" at
the tables of the larger casinos.

Lately, however, we've begun to question our
association with them, by and large. See, they don't
seem to respect our privacy like the others; we always
get the sense that we're dealing with them on their
terms instead of on our own, and we don't like that
very much at all. One in particular, a resident of
Boston, seems to be gathering an immenseamount of
data on our particular family's activities of late, a fact
which concerned me enough to put a tail on him just
over two weeks ago. You'll be proud to know that one
of your own soldati, a Boston Cardona named Dominic,
is hot on the trail, though he has yet to report back to
me. I would certainly hate for anything untoward to
have happened to him.

Discussion of such unsavory matters leads me thus to

The Restless Dead

Can one truly discuss the Mafia and its effect on
the supernatural world without paying proper attention
to these tortured souls? To my mind, one of the biggest
tragedies about our methods is the fact that it leaves

so many homes broken, so many souls shattered.
Obviously, this applies less to our own Family than it
does to many others, thanks to your codified legacy of
honor, but we have been nonetheless responsible for
our fair share of ghosts, Don Cardona. Still, it is better
to feel remorse at having to take a life when necessary
than to feel.nothing, or worse yet, to let that very
remorse prevent one from taking the same necessary
steps the next time around, wouldn't you agree?

[An interval of hushed white noise, lasting a total
of 31 seconds.]

I see. Well, I must say, I had no idea you felt that
way, Don Cardona.

[Brief pause, shuffling of papers.]

Uh, for the purposes of my report, I found that the
most obvious means by which we can organize these
restless spirits is by their continuing associations with
other, living members of the Mafia, and this in turn
leads us to a discussion of their

Motivations

Most dead people who associate with the various
mortal and supernatural members of the Mafia do so
First, our notions of "family"

\ i GE GR Ax) Gam A SE Ge a

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS


create some extremely intense bonds, bonds that
sometimes retain their integrity beyond the grave.
For example, while I would like to think that my
status as a devout Catholic somehow ensures that I
will not return as a troubled spirit, there is still
something gratifying about knowing®thar if | did, it
would be because I believed that strongly in my vows
to uphold my Family's honor. I have collected a
number of stories about these determined individuals,
some of which I'm sure you heard well before I was
even born#l've put them all together for you in this
folder right here.

[Sound of clothing rustling, followed by a pause.]

I'll just leave it on the desk then, shall I?

Right, well, to continue... The second most
common reason for spirits to retain their connections
with La Cosa Nostra involves vengeance —
something with which the restless dead are
understandably preoccupied. As I said before,
organized crime is a veritable "ghost factory,"
churning out embittered spirits with a frequency
roughly proportional to the violence of its current
methods and leadership. And as might be expected,
many of the ghosts produced were not quite ready to
cross to the other side just yet, and thus have
something keeping, them from moving on. From
what we understand, this is the biggest factor in
determining who stays,and who goes among the
dead. And as all Kindred know, anger can be a very
strong motivator.

In some cases, the ghost was a hit vic who
returns to claim his due on the mam — or entire
family — who ordered him killed. Now, there's a
plus and a minus to these sorts of situations: On the
one hand, ghosts are difficult to destroy or even to
dispel, and numerous losses might be suffered in the
attempt. On the other hand, these types of spirits
do tend to fade away once their hunger for
retribution has been satisfied. This is not always
the case, however, and there are some Mafia-owned
locales that have had to be evacuated on a
permanent basis due to the presence ofa particularly
intractable spirit. I have made notations in your file
of all the specific places of this sort... rather, all the
ones of which I have been made aware.

Other times, such an angry spirit is simply that of
an innocent bystander caught in the crossfire between
rival gangs or Families, doomed to haunt the site of
his own sudden and unfortunate demise. When said
site happens to be part of a particular Family's
territory, you have yourself a new "ghost in the

V~eevea day Viv Vv Vv Viiv Vv Vev VV FV ave

WORLDOF DARKNESS: MAFIA

machine;" a spirit who is here to stay. Now, imagine
if you will, what a dose of prolonged gangland warfare
couldido for the numbers of these resident ghosts...
Indeed, sire, it can grow truly frightening, and some
particularly old and violent Mafia neighborhoods
are just crawling with the dead by now; places like
Boston's Brick-Bottom Somerville and our own Little
Italy in New York. For those who live there still,
particularly for those who are sensitive to such
otherworldly emanations, it has become like dwelling
inside a giant mausoleum.

Now, certainly other, less common reasons for
spirits to involve themselves in Family affairs do
occur, some of which I discussed earlier. It's all
there in my report, if you care to look through it,
Don Cardona.

But in the interests of time, allow me to move on to

The Others

As I'm sure you are well aware, these are not the
only supernatural creatures with whom we share the
night. They are merely the ones of which we have the
most detailed understandings, or the ones who have
become attached, or one might say indebted, to us by
dint of our mutual and often extended criminal and
familial associations. But there are others whose
connections to the Mafia have heretofore been far less
widespread, or at least far less apparent, and we have
reason to believe that these "others" are becoming a
bigger threat to our operations than ever before. At
least they are acknowledging our presence a great deal
more in the modern nights, whatever their ultimate
designs may be.

Part of the reason for this belief stems from the
recent reports that have been coming in from cities
like Las Vegas, New Orleans and Los Angeles. Our
operations in these places, at one time very strong,
have lost significant ground in recent years, and some
degree of supernatural influence is suspected. It is,
however, an influence we believe to be coming from
outside the usual suspects. In all three cases, we've had
entire crews go missing, sometimes overnight.
Accounts and specific problems vary, as I'm sure you
can imagine, but part of itsurely stems from the mortal
situations we are currently forced to contend with,
especially in Los Angeles, where the entire area is in
the midst of a general civic redevelopment. The
police force is dependably rotten, but honest business
has been on the rise, having reached unheard of highs
in recent years before the economic slump of this past

A_A_A _A_A_A_A

fiscal year. These sorts of clean-up privatizations have
resulted in fewer places in which the Mafia can dig its
hooks. And on top of things getting cleaner, they're
also getting stranger and, quite frankly, we are having
serious problems keeping up. The Asian gangs are
doing better than they have any right to, and there's
awhole rising tide of seemingly independent violence.
To us, it's like the tales of what things were like for
everyone else during our heyday: up against opponents
with ideas that aren't just new, but strange?

In short, Don Cardona, we're being outcompeted.

Now, in the case of Las Vegas, we have always had
the Giovanni to blame for the Cardona family's losses
in particular, but even they have been hit hard in
recent years. One source close to all the Vegas families
tells us that an uprising of particularly determined and
well-informed — supernaturally so, one might say —
mortals is to blame, if you can believe it. The source's
leads say that this uprising is specifically targeting
those vampires with connections to organized crime
—such as the Giovanni and ourselves, the Cardonas.
Needless to say, such an outrageous theory is far from
being confirmed at this time, but you can rest assured
that if it turns out to be accurate — if an unruly horde
of mortals is indeed responsible — then whatever
their motivations may be, they will be treated just like
any other mortals who take it upon themselves to
interfere in Family affairs.

As to the Los Angelessand New Orleans
situations... wellyl'm afraid we have even less to goon
there, so far as our direct knowledge of supernatural
involvement goes. But'please trust, Don Cardona,
that if it were simply the expanding mortal trends
with which we had to contend, we would surely have
taken the necessary steps by now, especially in our
own family. No, something supernatural is indeed at
work in thesé two fallen cities, Don Cardona, and it
seems to be doing its level best to wrest influence over
any and all underworld traffic away from ourselves
and theothersupernal entities within our organization.
And it is succeeding... for now.

This [clears throat] is more or less the extent of
the information that's been made available to me. So,
as my father used to say, finita la commedia.

And let me say, Don Cardona, that I appreciate the
trust you've shown by giving me this assignment. I must
admit, I expected you to call upon one of yourown—a true
Cardona — subsequent to your awakening. Some of the
others were displeased with your choice, of course, but am
simply gratified that our don does not allow mere names to
blind him to true ability.

I trust that I have not disappointed you.

Don Cardona?

CHAPTER TWO: MADE MEN IN A WORLD OF DARKNESS


SS eee

ZA
LEELA

4 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Chapter Three: :
Character Creation \

Where do these creatures emerge from?

John Gotti, testifying about his "alleged" Mob connections

Not surprisingly, characters for World of
Darkness: Mafia chronicles use the same basic Traits
as characters for the other World of Darkness games.
Unless your character is one of the supernatural
denizens of the night, however, certain restrictions
apply. For example, "normal" mafiosi do not have
access to such things as Disciplines, Gifts, Spheres
and the like. Aside from that caveat, however, much
of the character creation process is the same as what
experienced players will recognize.

As a general rule, World of Darkness: Mafia
characters are presumed to be ordinary mortals who
lead unusual lives as far as the rest of society is
concerned. Thus, the Traits discussed herein are
geared largely toward "ordinary" mortal characters.
This is not to say that vampires, werewolves or other
supernatural creatures cannot play characters using

Sie A a a a a

this book, merely that the following information is
"lowest common denominator" material, if you will.
A'mafioso who finds himself Embraced, for example,
would gain access to vampire-only Traits (suchas the
Herd Background), in addition to those presented in
this chapter. Such a character may very well end up
with ratings in two totally different types of Status,
for example, before very long. Likewise, possessing
some of the Traits herein does not preclude.a
character from entering an altered state of existence.
For example, a Garou who is born into the Family
does not lose all his organized crime-related Merits
upon entering his First Change; the player simply
accounts for the new state of being on the character
sheetsWhen all else fails, use the Rule of Common
Sense to adjudicate what Traits are appropriate for
a given character.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTERCREATION


A_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_,

Choose Concept, Nature and Demeanor

A character's concept deserves a little extra
consideration in a Mafia chronicle. After all, if
everyone in a troupe were to do the bare minimum,
they'd all have "criminal" written in their concept
section and the point would be a bit moot.

Think about concept for a minute. In the other
games, the character's concept is what he did for a
living or an ideal he held onto before experiencing
whatever change turned him from human to monster.
For vampires, a character's concept is an idea of his
lifestyle before the Embrace; for werewolves, it is a
reflection of what she was before her First Change.
Use concept in the same manner here. That is, define
the character by his life before he became involved
with the Mob, before he became aware of the
supernatural, or prior to whatever event you think
most shapes the character's direction in life or unlife.
If your character's concept doesn't take that life-
changing event into consideration, it,really doesn't
do muchvfor the character. After all, concept is not
a game mechanic, it's simply a skeleton on which to
build a character. If;yourscharacter just plans on
moving forward, unaffected by her environment,
he's not likely to contribute much to the story.

Also as part of a character's concept, consider
which Family claims him as a member, if any. If you
wish, consult with your storyteller on this matter, as
she may have a specific Family in mind for the story.
Likewise, some Storytellers prefer to create their own
Families, whereas others favor using those present in
the real world. Storytellers may have created branches
of existing Families or might wish to restrict Families
that play key roles in the story.

A character's concept can be defined by more
than just his occupation or his responsibility to his
Family (bookie, sgarrista). It can be how he sees
himself (the would-be don, primo of the crew), the
player's desires for the character's role in the story
(kingmaker, redemption seeker), or anything that
serves to give the character direction. Don't limit
yourself to traditional interpretations of the concept,
and don't relegate concept to an abstraction of a
character's "class" or skill set.

Not all of the Storyteller games use Nature and
Demeanor, but World of Darkness: Mafia assumes
that they are part of the basic collection of Traits that
helps define characters. Experienced players likewise
may choose to ignore Nature and Demeanor, but

Character Creation Cheal Sheet
nd-dirty version of the
mortal cha ation rules that will
appear in various forthcoming World of
Darkness titles. Rather than page through
this chapter every time you want to create a
mortal character, you may simply refer to
this sidebar for convenien

is is a qui

Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept, Family, Nature and
Demeanor.

Step Two: Select Attributes

Prioritize primary, secondary and tertiary
Attribute categories (6/4/3).

Step Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize primary, secondary and tertiary

bility categories (11/7/4).

Step Four: Select Advantages

Select Backgrounds (5) and Virtues (7).
Step Five: Last Touches

Note your character's Humanity

(Conscience + Self-Control) and
Willpower (equal to Courage), then spend
freebie points (21).

they are highly recommended not only for new
players, but also at the start of character creation to
give the character additional direction. A Demeanor
is a one-word summation of how the character acts
toward the world around him, whereas Nature is his
"true self," how he genuinely responds when no one
is watching him. Demeanor can change frequently,
but Nature, the character's "core," should change
only in very rare and momentous circumstances.
Like concept, these Traits have no mechanical effect.
They are just guidelines that establish a basic idea of
what the character is like before numbers become a
part of the process.

Players don't have to worry about using
established Natures and Demeanors for their
characters. Some Storytellers opt to allow players to
regain points of spent temporary Willpower when
acting in accordance with their Nature. If this is the
case, a player should consult with the Storyteller
before the chronicle begins, so that a fair watermark
can be'set for this.

=
6

VY Vaveov, Viv VO VY WV VY Va Vo Naa VS sve

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

With that one minor concern aside, players are
encouraged to use their Natures and Demeanors to
round out their characters' behavioral bent. Like
concept, these ideas can be twisted, applied seemingly
incongruously or even set at odds with the character's
desires. For example, consider a loyal Mafia soldier
whose greed gets the better of him when no one's
looking, or a compassionate third son of a mafioso
whose ancestry drags him into the world of blood and
treachery represented by La Cosa Nostra. With just
these simple statements of idea put into the terms of
Nature, Demeanor and concept, characters can
become more than flat support roles or one-
dimensional archetypes.

Prioritize and Assign Altributes

As always, Attributes are the common defining
characteristics of an individual. World of Darkness:
Mafia assumes that its characters are mortals, and it
uses as baseline that allocation of dots. A player may
assign six dots to her character's primary group of
Attributes, four dots to the secondary group and
three dots to the tertiary group. Remember also that
characters are assumed to have a basic, free rating of
one in all Abilities, before any point allocations are
spent, to reflect their basic human potential.

Prioritize and Assign Abilities

Dot allocations for Ability groups are assigned
in the same primary, secondary and tertiary groupings
as Attributes. A player receives 11 dots to divide
among her character's primary Abilities, seven dots
for secondary Abilities and four dots for tertiary
Abilities. At this stage of character creation, a
character may not have more than three dots
allocated to any single Ability, though the player
may spend freebie points later to raise one of these
Traits above three.

Specialties

In the interests of keeping the StorytellerSystem
streamlined, we have built the core group of Abilities
small — the more Abilities a game system has, the
more incompetent its starting characters are, having
to decide whether to put their valuable points in
Bookkeeping, Black Powder Weapons or the
Castillian dialect of the Spanish language. Rather
than creating a huge cluster of niche capabilities, we
have made the Storyteller System granular enough

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

=
8

to make a given character useful in a broad area of
expertise while rewarding specialization if the
character devotes himself to focused study.

What this means in terms of mafioso characters is
that the unique abilities they possess are better
represented as specializations of existing Abilities
rather than by all-new Abilities. For example,
safecracking doesn't need to be Safecracking; it works
just as well as a specialization of Security. That way,
any character with Security can attempt to open a
locked safe, but a character who devotes himself to
learning the fine art of confounding safes by taking
safecracking as a specialization at his fourth dot of
Security gains all the bonuses to die rolls as described
in the core rulebooks, which makes him more capable
at it than the Security generalist.

Yeah, that's wordy, but it's a long way of saying,
"Keep it simple." What follows is a brief table of
criminal activities and the Ability that governs them.
Characters may attempt to do any of these activities
(as long as the Ability permits — remember that
difficulties increase by 1 for Skill rolls if the character
doesn't have the pertinent Skill and rolls involving
Knowledges not possessed ¢an't be attempted at all),
but if they specialize in the activity, they may reroll
any 10 as normal. Note also that these are just
examples. Storytellers may choose to make critical
Abilities that arise in their chronicles specialties of
existing Abilities. And, as always, the story should
come first — just because a player has six dice in his
money laundering pool doesn't mean that he can
automatically give it a shot if the Storyteller's plot
involves a botched money laundering attempt.
Activity Ability

Safecracking Security
Lockpicking Security
"Cooking the Books" Finance
Bookmaking Finance
Money Laundering Finance

Advantages

The basic Advantage set for mafioso characters is
largely the same as that of any of the»supernatural
character types, barring their mystical powers.
Wiseguys have access to most of the Backgrounds
that other characters do, as well as Willpower (which
is computed a little differently than it is in some of
the World of Darkness games).

Backgrounds

Aswith other denizens of the World of Darkness,
mafiosi have connections to the world around them,
as represented by Backgrounds. Indeed, many
wiseguys, given the fact that they're mortal, have
better connections to the mortal world than do many
of their supernatural counterparts.

New characters are allowed five dots worth of
Backgrounds from the following list: Allies,
Contacts, Fame, Influence, Mentor, Resources and
Retainers, as well as the Mafia-specific Backgrounds
presented below.

Obviously, some Backgrounds are utterly
inappropriate to mafiosi, especially ones who don't
have any connection to the supernatural world, and
that's why they're excluded from the list. Unless a
wiseguy is a mage, he's not going to have any Avatar
to speak of, and Past Lives won't even enter into the
equation unless the gangster is a werewolf. Players
should be mindful of this and not select any
Backgrounds that don't fit their character concepts.
Storytellers should enforce these guidelines as well,
making sure that nothing "slips through," as a
character who has no supernatural inclination really
has no business with any justification of Arcane.

Several of the Backgrounds from existing
World of Darkness games are well suited to mafiosi,
or can at least be reinterpreted in the context of
the Mafia.

Allies, for example, is one of the quintessential
Mafia Backgrounds, representing people who have a
vested interest in the success of the character in
question. Allies can take any form, and need not
always be allied gangsters, soldati, hoods or hangers-
on. Allies can be crooked cops, a federal agent on the
take, a smuggler who provides goods for distribution
or even a sibling who's part of the legitimate business
world and can provide help that's not part of the
Mafia's normal sphere of influence. A detective
willing to cover up a character's involvement in
crimes he's suspected of, a newspaper reporter who
can redirect public opinion or a public official who
can lobby for lenient (or strict) laws also make fine
examples of allies. Remember that the Allies
Background usually works best in circumstances that
don't involve combat but are more hands-on than
informational (which are better served by Retainers
and Contacts, respectively). Think of taking Allies
for a character who wants others to be in a position
to do things for him, rather than leak secrets to him
or break legs for him.

VV v vv. Ve Vv GV vv DY vee.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

If Allies is the penultimate mafioso Background,
then Contacts is the ultimate background for the
Mob. It reflects connections the character has
made throughout his history: people he knows
who provide him with valuable information.
Granted, this isn't a change from the normal scope
of the Contact Background, but it truly is the
mafioso's bread and butter. Practically anyone can
be a Contact; this Trait is even more versatile than
Allies. It is less functional than Allies, however, in
that the primary purpose of a Contact is to provide
information, whereas an Ally provides help,
assistance or some other capacity. Information is a
very valuable thing, though, which is why this
Background is so favored among mobsters.
Information is the Mafia's stock in trade, which it
parlays into other assets. For example, a police
office who is a wiseguy's Contact would be able to
tell the character when a sting operation is
scheduled to go down, thereby allowing criminals
in the know to avoid the dragnet. A Contact in a
rival Family can provide intelligence or diplomatic
information. Even a truck driver can be useful, as
he knows when valuable shipments are due to hit
the roads — and if his truck just happens to be one
of those hijacked, well, as long as he keeps his
mouth shut, his Mafia confidant will probably
keep him comfortably compensated.

As it is in all stories, Fame can be a blessing and
acurse. Famous mobsters are going to attract attention
in their own right. When under public scrutiny, it
can be difficult to maintain the low profile that most
mafiosi require to go about their business undetected.
Still, some wiseguys thrill at the prospects Fame
offers them. John Gotti, for example, thrived on
public attention and Al Capone's name was
synonymous with Chicago headlines for almost the
duration of his reign.

These are merely examples for how Backgrounds
can be "flexed" to accommodate the Mafia setting.
Other Backgrounds can represént.the Mobs far-
reaching sphere of influence, as well.Influence,
itself, can reflect the ear of a senator orveyen a
president-to-be (as, according torumor, Frank Sinatra
used Sam Giancana's help to have John F. Kennedy
voted into office). Resources is always helpful to a
mobster, and what self-respecting capo would be
caught dead without his Retainers? Even the Mentor
Background can be adapted to Mafia life to indicate
a powerful boss or well-connected relative.

Virtues

Virtue Traits define a character's outlook on life
— they shape a character's ethical code and describe
his commitment to his chosen morality. Virtues exist
to help give a character a sense of being, not to force
players to portray their characters in a given way. The
moral struggle of Vampire: The Masquerade is the
primary vehicle for the use of Virtues, but that same
moral struggle is present in this book's depiction of the
Mob. As such, we're including the Virtue Traits for
those World of Darkness Storytellers who don't have
access to the Vampire rules.

Sometimes, an act orsituation may forceacharacter
to consider exactly how she should react to a given
stimulus. Virtues come into play when a character does
something ethically questionable (according to the
character's morality) orconfrontssomething that terrifies
or disturbs her. Note that mortals, unlike Kindred, do
not have a Beast. Their responses to their own faltering
morality may well be very different from a vampire in a
similar state of moral decay.

Note that some of these Traits function differently
for mortals than they do for Kindred.

Conscience

Conscience is a Trait that allows characters to
evaluate their conduct with relation to whatis "right"
and "wrong." A character's moral judgment with
Conscience stems from her attitude and outlook.
Conscience is what prevents a vampire from
succumbing to the Beast, by defining the Beast's
urges as unacceptable. By the same token, in mortals
it reflects a subscription to cultural mores — murder,
theft, rape and other personal crimes are wrong, but
what other transgressions might cause a pang of guilt
or a hardening of the soul?

Conscience factors into the difficulty of many.
rollstoavoid committing a transgression. Additionally,
Conscience determines whether or not a character
loses Humanity by committing acts that do notuphold
her moralicode. A character with a high Conscience
score feels ‘remorse for transgressions, whereas a
character with a lower Conscience may be a bit more
callous or ethically lax.

° Uncaring

oe Normal
Ethical
Righteous

eeeee = Remorseful

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTERCREATION

Pry)


=
80

Self-Control

Self-Control defines a character's discipline and
mastery over her urges, id or other desires to place
herself before the greater good. Characters with high
Self-Control rarely succumb to emotional urges, and
thus are able to restrain their darker sides more
readily than characters with low Self-Control.

Self-Control comes into play when a character
faces adversity in which the sensible response would be
a heightened state of emotion, acting utterly upon the
way he feels instead of rationally decidinghow he would
respond. Self-Control allows the character to resist
whatever exaggerated emotional state would overcome
him. For example, a character witnessing a brutal
gangland execution might have the overwhelming
desire to run for his life, wrestle the gun away from the
killer or shove the victim out of the way. By succeeding
ata Self-Control roll, the character could stay and take
conscious action of his own choice.

e Unstable

ee Normal

eco Temperate

coco Hardened

eeeee = Total self-mastery

Courage

Courage is the quality that allows characters to
stand in the face of fear or daunting adversity. It is
bravery, mettle and stoicism combined. A character
with high Courage meets her fears head on, whereas
a character of lesser Courage may flee in terror. It
differs from Self-Control in that it is not based upon
ethics, but a more primal self-preservational drive.

° Timid

ee Normal
ooo Bold
cece Resolute
eocce Heroic

Humanity

The Trait of Humanity is integral to the
underlying theme of Vampire: The Masquerade, as
wellas lying close to the core of World of Darkness:
Mafia's own ethical quandaries. It is a moral code
thatallows people to retain their humane sensibilities
in the face of their transformation into criminals. In
essence, it is what keeps a person from becoming a
murderous thug, enslaved by his own desires.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Humanity, unlike most other Traits, is rated on
ascale of 1 to 10, as it is more complex than a 1-to-
5 quantification would allow. Also, just because
people follow the tenets of Humanity doesn't mean
they are automatically friendly, congenial saints.
Criminals, especially, are predators by nature, and
Humanity gifts them with the ability to deny their
selfish urges. It is an inward morality that protects a
wiseguy from himself.

Unfortunately, the very nature of existence as a
maverick who places his own wants ahead of the rest
of the world's welfare is anathema to one's Humanity.
As the body count and a character's rap sheet grow,
a moral rot takes hold and people become
progressively less concerned with the well-being of
fellow human beings. As such, mafiosi are likely to
lose Humanity over the course of the game.

Note that, as mortals, mafiosi typically follow the
principles of Humanity, though they do so largely out
of ignorance: Most don't know that they can be
anything else. As such, this mechanical system for
morality normally doesn't come into play for them.
The weight of a wiseguy's crimes have so much
bearing on the state of a character's soul, however,
that World of Darkness: Mafia elevates the
importance of Virtues and Humanity to almost the
same degree of importance they have in Vampire.

° Horrific
Bestial
Cold
Unfeeling
Distant
Removed
Normal
Caring
Compassionate
Saintly

Effects of Humanity

Acharacter's Humanity score reflects how much
of a character's humane nature remains despite the
deleterious effects of his behavior. It influences how
well a character may deny her id.

¢ Humanity affects a character's Virtues.
Whenever a certain Virtue is called into question, a
player may not roll more dice for a Virtue than her
character has dots in Humanity. Obviously, as the
character sinks ever more deeply into his own id, ego
and superego, questions of morality and self-

preservation mean less and less. As Humanity
depletes, the character creeps slowly toward the
night when he loses all self-control.

¢ If a character's Humanity score would ever
drop to zero, don't actually drop it to zero (unless the
character is a vampire, in which case those rules
supersede these). Instead, the character's Humanity
remains at 1 and he acquires a derangement.
Derangements are discussed on p. 222 of Vampire:
The Masquerade, and in various places of the other
World of Darkness core rulebooks (such as the Fits of
Madness metis deformity in Werewolf: The
Apocalypse). Storytellers should consider whether
that persona is suitable for use as a player's character.
Completely controlled by his urges, the character is
probably a mindless slave to his own immediate
desires and may fall under the Storyteller's control.

Humanity scores fluctuate based upon the
Hierarchy of Sin (see below) — if a character
accidentally or purposefully commits an act rated
lower than her Humanity score, she must roll her
Conscience Trait to see whether she accepts the act
(and thus loses Humanity) or feels remorse and
maintains her current level. Humanity may be raised
only by spending experience points on it.

Degeneration

Despite all efforts to the contrary, a person who
consciously chooses to flout the established social
(and legal...) order is going to succumb to moral
failure sooner or later. Willfully or otherwise (hence
the importance of Self-Control), a character
occasionally commits atrocity and risks losing his
Humanity. If the character feels remorse for his
actions, he knows that his Humanity is still intact. If
he commits a wrongful act and callously disregards it,
however, his Humanity is obviously waning. Thus, it
is extremely important to use morality and Humanity
in a consistent, dramatic manner. If the Storyteller
allows the players to (sometimes literally) get away
with murder, the story will suffetj.as some of the
gravity of the criminal life vanishes. Ifthe Storyteller
is too strict with Humanity rules, though, all the
characters will be ravening, knife-wielding maniacs
by the end of the first session. Keeping a handle on
Humanity isa hard thing to do, but the Degeneration
system is designed to help that.

The system is simple: Whenever a character
takes an action that the Storyteller decides is morally
questionable, the character may suffer degeneration

wv VY VV Viv VV VOW VOY VV VV Vein i) ee
CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

— a permanent loss of Humanity. If degeneration is
apossibility, the player whose character commits the
act should make a Conscience roll for that character.
The difficulty is 8 — reprehensible acts are hard to
justify — though the Storyteller may modify this
difficulty. Willpower may not be spent for an
automatic success on this roll, as all the ego in the
world won't protect a character from guilt.

Ifthe player makes the roll with even one success,
the character loses no Humanity — he feels enough
remorse or somehow manages to justify his
transgression. If he fails the roll, the character loses
a point of Humanity. If the player botches, the
character loses a point of both Humanity and
Conscience, and also gains a derangement, decided
upon by the Storyteller (who should make it
appropriate ). Obviously, morality is not something a
wiseguy can afford to take lightly. Remember that, at
the Storyteller's discretion, a character whose
Humanity drops to one might be no longer suitable
to remain a player's character. Honestly, characters

Humanity Hierarchy of Sin

Humanity Moral Guideline

10 Selfish thoughts
9 Minor selfish acts

Injury to another (accidental
or other wise)

Theft

Accidental violation
(drinking a vessel dry out of

starvation)

Intentional property damage

Impassioned violation
(manslaughter, killing a vessel
in frenzy)

Planned violation (outright
murder, savored

exsanguination)

Casual violation (thoughtless

killin,

feeding past satiation)

Utter perversion or heinous

acts

with low Humanity scores aren't particularly
appropriate either, but can be enjoyably tragic figures
in comparison to their nobler counterparts.

Using the Hierarchy of Sin

Degeneration checks may seem arbitrary or ill
defined. To some degree, they are, but this is
intentional. Moreover, degeneration check
not random so much as they are subjective. A
Storyteller has carte blanche to monitor character
morality in her chronicle. This is a huge
responsibility for the Storyteller, but one that
ultimately makes for a great deal of tragedy and
horror, as the characters gradually descend into a
state of utter monstrosity though they desperately
rail against it. Storytellers, beware — players should
never feel that you are screwing them out of
Humanity or, consequently, their characters. Use
degeneration checks consistently but sparingly, lest
the tragedy erode to an incessant series of failed die
rolls. Because this mechanic isso heavily entrenched
in the Storyteller's line of duty, her own morality is
often reflected in how she applies the rule. This
balancing act is encouraged, as it illustrates literally
what a Storytelling game may do only in allegory.

are

To lend a sense of order to degeneration checks,
consult the Hierarchy of Sin here. Whenever a
character commits a dubious act, see how that action
relates to the hierarchy. If the action is at or below the
level of the character's Humanity score, a roll is
warranted — as a character falls further down the
Humanity scale, she becomes increasingly callous,
and minor peccadilloes cease to bother her. The use
of the term violation in the hierarchy is deliberately
vague, to aid the Storyteller. A violation may be
anything questionable and is presented to avoid
inclining the scale toward any single transgression.
Violation may be killing, callous injury, rape or any
other villainy the Storyteller considers wrong.

It seems hard to slide to the lowest echelons of
the scale, but consider how jaded a character grows
as his Humanity falters. Sooner or later, the character
will be committing depravity outside her own volition.
The Storyteller is free to decree that characters of
low Humanity (4 or less) occasionally act according
to-various urges and impulses that must be resisted
with Conscience rolls or Willpower expenditure.
Here is the crux of morality in the game setting —
how closely can the character skirt indulging himself
before he mires himself in damnation?

="
82

VicvaV Viv v VO VV VY Vee NY Ye.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

‘

As Humanity erodes, characters not only become
capable of, but also actively pursue, ever more
depraved acts. It is important, then, to know how
characters change as their Humanity scores
deteriorate. Even a mortal's behavior, even under
the auspices of Humanity, may become so utterly
depraved and brutal that the very thought of him
causes discomfort in others. After all, alow Humanity
score indicates that very little connects the character
with her humane origins.

Keeping Records and Spending
Freebies

At this point, all a player has left to do is
determine her Willpower and Humanity and spend
her freebies.

Willpower is simply the character's Courage
rating. Note that this value is recorded before any
freebies are spent. If a player increases a character's
Courage with freebies, doingso does not automatically
raise his Willpower score, which must be raised
separately. Humanity is the total of the character's
Conscience and Self-Control. Like Willpower, this
Trait does not increase if the defining Virtues are
raised with freebies. It must be increased separately.

The freebie-point costs of various Traits are as
follows.

Attribute 5 points
Ability 2 points
Background 1 point
Virtue 2 points
Willpower 1 point

New Traits

Although the Storyteller System is flexible,
sometimes a situation arises in which none of the
extant Traits adequately describe how a certain
character's potential can affect the, story. To that
end, we include a few new Mafia-relatéd: Traits to
flavor certain characters. As is typical, we prefer to
err on the side of simplicity, but if one of these new
Traits suits your character to a tee, by all means, use
it (pending your Storyteller's approval).

New Archetype

Soldier

The Mafia has a strict, almost militaristic,
hierarchy that is founded on its members following
orders and respecting their superiors. The Soldier
believes in this system with all his being, and
recognizes that the Family has come as far as it has by
holding fast to its chain of command. Soldiers often
point out that the greatest losses suffered by La Cosa
Nostra over time have come from within, and they
struggle at all times for intra-Family unity and loyalty.
Executioners, bodyguards and newly blooded piciotti
are good examples of Soldier Archetypes.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever
following orders turns out to be the best course of
action. Also, regain a point of Willpower any time
you decide to follow orders despite the advice of
those around you or despite your own better judgment.

New Backgrounds

Family Status

Family Status is something critical to the life of
every mafioso, as it is his overall standing within La
Cosa Nostra. A great many factors come into play
where Family Status is concerned, but this Trait
represents the bottom line and measures how much
weight the character's name carries in Family circles.
Note that unless the Storyteller plans on running a
high-stakes chronicle, Mafia characters may begin
play with no more than a single dot in Family Status.
Any further status must come as a direct result of
game play. The acquisition of rank, title and respect
isacore element of most Mafia stories and should not
come cheaply or easily under any circumstances.

Ifa character acquires at least four dots in Family
Statusyhe gains the equivalent of having been "made,"
even if such a boon hasn't officially occurred yet (see
the Made Man Merit, below). Anyone who putsa hit
out on someone possessing Family Status of four or
more is likely to face extremely harsh repercussions.
It is important to note here that one cannot "make"
another mafioso unless he himself possesses the Mentor

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


Background ata level equal to his own Family Status.
Higher ratings indicate the ease with which a
potential candidate's confirmation is likely to pass.
A mafioso with a rating of five in both Mentor and
Family Status could decide to arbitrarily make his
own limo driver (so long as he was Sicilian), and the
move would be likely to fly with the Commission.

e Piciotto: Button Man, or low-ranking
soldier

ee Sgarrista: Wiseguy, or respected
family man

ooo Caporegime: Lieutenant, or Crew
leader

eooe Capo Bastone: Underboss, or second-
in-command

eccce Capo: Don, one of the infamous "Mob
bosses"

Favors

There's a common saying that has special
resonancé)among the members of La Cosa Nostra:
"It's not what you have, it's who you know." This
adage is especially true-for'those ambitious mafiosi
trying to climb the rickety ladder of organized crime.
Individuals with this Background have accumulated
a set number of favors that they can call in during
times of need. These favors come from one or more
individuals who actually owe the character
something, thus distinguishing them from Allies or
Contacts. Unless the Storyteller says otherwise, each
favor may be used only once (players must keep track
of remaining favors) and the Storyteller is the final
arbiter of what a single favor may accomplish.

° One favor
ee Two favors
ooo Four favors

Seven favors
Ten favors

Merits and Flaws

These optional Traits can add extra dimension
toacharacter, but be wary of overusing them. Merits
and Flaws fit more seamlessly with some of the World
of Darkness games than others, and.as always, the
Storyteller has final say as to whether or not Merits
and Flaws are permitted, as well as having veto power
over individual ones.

=
84

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Still, these Advantages have their uses, most
notably in quantifying those aspects of the characters
that aren't so easily defined by other categories of
Traits. When looking to assign one or the other,
consult your Storyteller beforehand, both to obtain
permission and to determine whether what you're
looking to do couldn't fall under some other category,
for simplicity's sake. For example, having a mansion
might qualify as a Merit in some chronicles, but in
most it can probably be assumed that a character of
sufficient Resources has one already. Use Merits and
Flaws to augment the character, not to tweak an
extra bit of benefit from the rules.

Stand-Up Guy (1-pt. Social Merit)

Atsome point in your checkered past, you had an
opportunity to rat out members of the Mafia in
exchange for your own freedom. You opted instead to
maintain your vows of omerta and rispetto, to seal your
lips and take your pinch like a man. Asa result, many
wiseguys afford you at least a grudging respect for the
loyalty you have demonstrated. You receive a —1
bonus to the difficulty of all Social rolls made around
any who know of the sacrifice you once (or more than
once) made for the Family. Note to Storytellers:
Don't let a player whose character has this Merit act
all uppity — everyone is supposed to keep his mouth
shut and do his time. A character with this Merit is
merely someone known to have done his duty. In
these cynical times, that much is noteworthy.

Snitch (1-pt.to 3-pt. Social Merit)

You have asecret informant inside one important
bureaucracy or another. This individual has access to
special information that precludes the relationship
from falling under the standard rules of the Contacts
Background. The number of points taken determines
at what level your snitch is involved: One point
mightrepresenta mid-level numbers cruncher inside
the IRS, whereas a three-point snitch could be
someone in the office of the district attorney herself.

Made Man (S-pt. Social Merit)

Your name is "on the books"; you're one of the
men a Family considers untouchable. Nobody can
fuck with you, and if they do they're going to get
hit so hard that they wouldn't dream of doing it
again. This Merit represents one of the penultimate

\ ae) GE Se Mi) ie GD aa aes Gaee Gaee o S=.  aa Mi GE GE Gee cad £ >


expressions of the Mafia's esteem for an individual,
as it means that the Family (or even the whole
Organization) will exact vengeance on anyone
who crosses you.

Note that this status doesn't mean you're
invincible. It does mean that you have a powerful
and violent institution behind you, one ready to
protect you in return for your service to it. In some
cases, this benefit is a posthumous one.

Dead lan Walking (2-pt. to 5-pt. Social Flaw)

An open contract has been taken out on your
life. The greater the number of points devoted to the
Flaw, the larger the reward for the contract's successful
completion. Thus, a two-point Flaw would indicate
that a minor underboss or scheming consigliere was
responsible for your contract, and probably represents
a personal grudge more than anything. For five
points, however, someone very high up seems to
want you out of the way, and will spare no expense to
see the job done.

Jaded (3-pi. Mental Flaw)

You've been a part of La Cosa Nostra for a while,
and the Life has taken its toll on your moral outlook.
Instead of the standard complement of seven dots:of
Virtues, you receive only five. This Flaw may be taken
only at character creation. Storytellers, watch this one
for abuse — don't let the gumbies take it to buy further
dots in Firearms while simultaneously allowing their
characters to kill without remorse. Note that this Flaw
yields only three extra freebie points, whereas Virtues
cost two freebies each. That's intentional.

On the Lam (3-pl. Social Flaw)

You are wanted by the authorities. Perhaps
warrants for your arrest are outstanding, or maybe
you even executed a brilliant jailbreak sometime in
the recent past. Whatever the cause, the effect is that
you are actively pursued by various law-enforcement
agencies and must take steps to conceal both your
identity and your movements. Undead mafiosi must
take extra special care, lest they find themselves
apprehended and thrown into a jail cell with a
window facing eas

aN MOV VVev VV VV VV VY VV YY... va.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


Sy BD4B 2D eo 2 2 2 2 Seb AD A SO Geo a ae ae Ge GD /
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

eS
86

Chapter Four:

The Veil of Secrets
and Lies

Mother is the best bet, and don't let Satan draw you too fast...
— Dutch Schultz, on his deathbed in 1935

Our Father whe at om Heaven,

Oh, yeah; ¢ there's ane thing T've learned tn my
time as a hundnred-year veteran of the Life, t's to
never underestimate the power of duty.

Atetually, Vue been thinking a lat about duty
four age 7 was standing on a filer jutting out over
the Charles River, watching this mark from my so~
called safe pocut. The wauld-be vie was dow below,
ander the trellis, seemingly wo more aware of my
presence than he had been in the 13 days stuce Vd.
fut recetved the order from WMalta — from
chadewing the guy. 70 half-hear age, 7 was holding
the high ground... in every way. D had my mark in

wivavy VvVvvVivy ve vwyvywyvygWVgYisVvYYv oY;

CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND LIES


ony sights, a job that D thaught V eujeyed, a beautiful
cet of wheels, even a nice house on the watergrout. 7
half-hour age, that ts.

Then again, half an hour age 7 waa stilt alive.

Boston

Logan Tuternational ptinport, 9:32 PU

t's fanny. 7 always used ta wouder why i ta
that people whe get on planes always look tke
they've just seen a ghost. 7 guess that the answer ta
7 mn sitting in a smoking lounge ad 7 write this,
watting for the man who murdered me to shaw eft.
Tn not sare how 7 know that hel be here. Just a
feeling 7 guess, Cut 7'm uo less conpident that he will.
Vue tad this cnazy sense of both frurpose and
direction ever since 7 woke uft on the battam of the
Charles Riuer (all of 35 minutes age, now)and V've
already come to trust ct. rifter alt, it led me out of
the river real guick like and straight to this acxport:
da ust pass ga, do uot collect 200 bucks. Uo shit.
9 dou't even remember much of what actually
happened back there. D recall standing on the fecer,
watching the mark aud drinking one of thase warty
tine; the mark was bury fiddling with his coat aud
9 wae trying to enjoy my Oraugita or whatever the
hell ct was called. "The next thing 7 know, the mark
2 turning around to face me, pulling this huge
te tt. 7 dou't know 4 7 was Just sloppy or what, but
T ewear that D ve never been made s0 fast or played
30 hard. The fucker probally knew Vd been tailing
tim from the ward go, naw that 7 think about i.
Atuyway, remember trying te shift my position
— to dive for couer while D'm reaching for my oun
gun — aud D realize that 7 can't even mauve. 7 losk
the thick, queasy oatmeal. Whatever this shit ta, t's
moue, and 7 look uft Just in time fo see my former
mark waring me dead tn the eyes ar he lifts his
shotgun. Then, boom, bath barrels, stracght to the
what, aud sent me satling over thenatling and tute
the river.

U you want my honest opinion, 7 think 7 war

ad
88 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

But then my eyes snap open all ofacudden, and
D realize that Tm floating. Losking arsund, all 7
tee ts the Uackuess of, the river, Cut somehow 7 can
still make out every deta underwater. Tnportant
ta mind, 7 pull myself te the surface. Dremember tt
being hanrderthan tt should haue been, but that Tatil
Fighting the current, which was sbau but strong, 7
make my way te the shone and drag mysel,, uft onto
the dirty sand.

Lorking down, D realized that 9 stilt had that
gray shit on my shoes and tt seemed to be setting a
tttle. 7 gave Cath feet a good hick against a nearhy
cron ral and the stuyy cracked, crumbled off, x
chunks. Seems 7'd been standing tnatilt-wet concrete.
Dunb fucking tuck, hake?

Right then 7 felt this pull inside te head east
toward the bay, and without really thinking much
about 7 followed the instinct. About 30 minutes
later, Janived at Logan and eat down here to watt.
Once DV nealized that, yer, 7 was honestly and truly
dead, thank you very much, 7 started ta think about
why. 7 still haven't been able te came upp with a
satithying answer, bat 7 think ct has something to. do
with the vews 7 tock when 7 was made one of the
family member can ge unavenged," 20 7 imagine that
9 was Crought back to. peut this fucking shaster in the
ground, where he tried to put me. rtugway, that's
when 7 saw this stationery sitting there, and 7
decided that V should unite come of this down. rifter
at, ain't every day you get shot dead, fall tutaa

9 suppose 4 T'm really gonna ga through with
but "Dumb Sonny." Wtaltatarted with Dom," the
obutoue shortening of Dominic, but eventually the
Someruille Coys perverted it ta "Dumb" after ane of

was supposed ta be looking after, but that's netreally
tmportant here, 742 for the "Souny" part, there's
The Dominte Cardona was my father, see.

ond there you have i.

Ue sneally amazing how much time 7 ve actually
spent getting to know this city. 7 mean, 7 was born
herve tn 1897, the year after my father emigrated

Vaanv oVvVioVC=OxFY Vv oY YOY VY VV VV VOY ee

trabhstd

fram Sicily — okay, Matta leame difference, as far
ae mast achmucks are concerned). Tn the previoua
year, the United States had proudly made ite
cement to the world that the first working
cabuay system had been installed and wae upp and
running in a town called Coston, Massachusetts.
Seeing the obvious opportunities, my father took his
young bride, Rosa, and left Malta to make a new
fe on the shores of the Charles Riuer. Just over a
year later, at arsund dawn on the morning of May
Sth, she died giving birth to me in a noisy, cramped
all over the country — all over the world actually
— tn the century or 20 since, Cut something's always
Crought me back here te Boston.
ts a trout line in the conflict Cetween the Trish
aud Stelian families, Boston was the violent face
of organized crime in the early days of the American
Cosa Nostra. My father was actually a beat cofe tn

pat ae eee ee te enn (ee
that Messina family — that of Gaspare Bs
the canticst trae basa of Beantocwn. 74 long time
Prince Street would became the tub of Boston's
crime operations, there was Gaspare
Messina and his gang, running the shou out of
tporedly legit businesses in an area of
South Bosten that was known as Crick-Cottom
Someruille. WMessina waged a constant, et
on the Irish tikes of Frankie Wallace and the Gustin
Gang, who themselues were busily trying to muscle
the Ttatians right out of organized crime tn Boston.
What 7 didn't know growing upp was that my
father, infact my whole family, was part ofa greater
anit, a secret saccety of Cardenas, 4 you the,
neaching back to Matta and back through time. 7
doon came to realize that this group: wad something
far Coyoud the Moab, beyand even humanity as 7
knew tt. They werereal old and neal powerful, toray
the least, aud they operated in some weind fucking
cincles, including some really bizarre occult shét. Te

CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND LIES 49"

ss

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4A_A_,
pap ya a

wasn't antl much later that 7 realized that my
father and 7 "belonged" to an extended family of
That whole thing.

Tt turned out that what my father did for
Wesscna att that time war more of a front than
anything else, a test on the part of his Maltese
saperiars to see whether or not he could handle the
pressure of being what he liked to call "awe of the true
aoldati" for the Cardona family tx Boston. ptud
growing upp on those streets tn Brick-Bottom
Somerwille taught me reat early about what waa
okay and what warn't, ar far as the family was
concerned. 7 offen shadowed him on his actions for
Messina, and 7 took uote of where the lines were
down aud told me how "one of these days" he was
going to move ufe in the family; that he expected ta
calling, tt wasn't Papa they were looking far... &
was me. 7 war Crought to a family office downtown
any vows to uphold omerta and rispette), and made
to drink from this goblet they called the "chalice of,
te." Liars. From that pocut on, theyasacd, 7 would
operation had a stitch of class. Nowadays, tn Gorton
2 Whitey Bulger, the Winter Will gang, and
others of that kh. Hoods whe dou't understand the
frat princifile of organized crime, namely that civil
prosperity ts good far business. That when all the Joe
ptuenages tn your territory are doing well far
he was — never seemed to latch ou to that key
meeting of' Whitey timeet, ounce, at a meeting the
Sietliana had called in the late 70. to discuss
(gosacble) peaceable operations between the two
Boston outhits. 7 was unimpressed (7 knew 7 would

Bat what really bathers me a all the behind-the-
have been brought down 15 years before, had it not
been far thecr partner-in-crime, an undercover FED

=
90

VA. VV VV GV GV VV sv av. VON oY OVE VE vow
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

among Connolly's 7E2 ("Top Echelon informants)
stuce the mid-70s, aud he would have done just
about anything te protect them. See, Connally had
@ hand-on for the "neal" WMafia — the Sielian
Commission — aud coutdu't have cared less about
anan-down gang of Irish hoods tike the Winter Witt
characters. To him, guys like Bulger and Plemme
were a means to an end: the end of the Talian
Wafia. This goat blinded him to s0-called lesser
offenses, and allowed Bulger to Cuitd an empire of,
not on the backs of Boston's poor and working chads.
That's right, our verg own FED was partially
nespranacble far (amoung other things) the degradation
of an entire generation of young Boston girls —
Balger's "tasty morsels" — ae well aa ther
sabseguent emotional tnstabdlityas adults. Of course,
when the Curean's long-term ating was all over, after
all the indictments had been handed down, the
gouerument started looking Connolly's way. Serwes

Losks bike that DE-10 T've been eyeballing ts
getting ready to Caard. Guess 7'd better get a move
on 47 have a hope in hell of catching the shooter
before he leaves Rhade Paland.

on earth ads ct 3 in Peaven...

Providence

Wigh reunie's Bar and Grille, 10:47 PUM

VU setrange... 7 lived through the entirety of, the
last century aud in all that time tt never ouce
diantes are far self-indulgent shirts, right? But
wtill, all that life experience and not a sugle
Avisonal. necoedaf dhy hind tashow fen i? Well,
whatever; T'mn docug tt nou, for Gods sake, and
that's what counts.

Better late than never, right?

So 7m sitting here tn this greasy spoon, looking
over my notes from Coston, and ct occurs to me: How
the hell did 9 khnaw that the shester was headed to
Rhode Tslaud? Search me. But the fact is, somehow
9 did know, Because he's here, all right, checking
this wetrd tracking sense ts as precise aa 7 think tt
a). V figure V'lt just do what 7 aluays did back...


Speaking of strip clubs, the WMafia's beennreally
thereby all of Rhode Tatand's underworld activities,
extortion, and the like. Then a guy named Frank
(the firat one) and immediately started running
operations in parts of WMassachusetts, Mew
Hampatine and Connecticut, using Providence ar
hia home base. Aud let me tell you, he was areal
frecnacker, this guy.

7 true Coss, WMorelli's reign would last from
1917 ts 1947 — about 25 years louger than the
bastard only gave ufr then because he was dying of
put wiseguy Philife Succata tn charge of Paouidence's
operations and let WMorelli die peacefully. Cut until
then, Marellé's gang was responsible far all hinds
of mayhem, not the leart of which war the infamous
double murder of twa shoe company employees tu
South Graintriee, WMass., xe 1920. Why was 4
txfamous? Because two men named Sacco and
Vanzettt were falsely arrested far the crime, arrested
because they were tmmigrants and because they were
auanchists. Inasad twist, the two men haimed (att
the way to the electric chatr, tn fact) that they had
been set ups. round they'd been right about that, but
they were wrong tn assuming it had been the
government whe did tt. Tt was Butsey Marelli. The
old guy even told me once, when 7 had occasion ta
Vanzetti "took ct on the chin far us. That shows you
how much justice there really ts."

Couldu't have said it better myself, Frankie.

Of course, that was all back in the day. 7've done
my level best ta avatd Providence since tt became the
capitol of the so-called "Mew England Crime
Family" ueder Ray Patiarca. Patiiarca's gang
took ouer tn the late GOs, ahd he immediately began

England. Tu the S02, Patriarca's headguanters was
@ two-story Culding on Aetmell 4Avenue that housed
the National Cigarette Seruice Company and Cocu-
O-Matie Distributors. Gays in the Life called it
"the Office." The whale neighborhood became
Patrianca's territory, and ttwell soon grew to
nescemble other mobnan districts tke Mulberry
Street tu Little Ttaly, or oan own Prince Street ue

te Boston! Patrtarca euen gave +ttwell the same

Yeah, Patiianca was a heavy hitter, that's for
cure. One of hia biggert claims to fame t that he
supposedly selected Maurice Werner, a amall-time
hood rom Brookline, to be the shaoter of choice back
ct 1960 when the CT# paid ua four million bucks
actually there far this). But, locally, Patiarca was
had staying power, taray the least, aud after te died
ta ‘84, some of us old-timers actually started
miaring the guy. We were missing him even mone
the Crightest candle in the chandelier, and ct waa bia
aneven management, tn my humble opinion, that led
to the cunnent state of affairs in Providence.

The main reason 7 like to steer clear of
Providence these days ts because of the weird shit the
fanily's Coen getting tute in this town. Speaking of
puckhead wantacks (‘cause Tue gota weind suspicion
that the wet concrete wasn't any coincidence), there's
actually a mavement going on tx this town to — 7
don't kuow haw else ta ray this — experiment on
acseguys. See, back when Junior took over (aud
tmmediately got himael, embroded tn a whale
ahetheaps of legal troubles), a couple of the local capas
uncovered a plot by a third to "beef ape" hia crew,
using a bunch of weinrde potions and spells and shit.
Tt tanns out that this thind capo — a guy named
Satamanta—ts supposed to be a fucking warteck,
fas been far years, and that he's been putting select
soldiers and wiseguys threugh a series of fuched-uft,
ta-house experiments. "To "teaprove them," he sags.
9 heard a rumor that Satlamanca's not the power
behind the operations themselves, that he's got
doesn't much matter to me. Whether you're the
nsprration or the gun teelf, somebody enda ups Just
as dead, Naw, the other capor tnvalued could have
bitched upp a storm or started 4. crew war (or any one
They wanted tn. Sa, tn exchange far oaths of loyalty
laud a cut of the profits, of course), Salamanca
agreed to work upp select members of other crews
across town. Tn a fucked-upp way, theyre even
starting te leak like a family again.

Whatever the cause, there trials have yielded
other bosses and crews acrass New England to ark

CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND LIES

ay
91


Wot is back big-time tu this town, and 7 don't think
LU be loug befare the phrase "New England Crime
wore.

1427 in writing this, 7'm noticing thatsomething
strange (4 going on with my hand. T's net shaking
or anything, Cut tt i, however, dead. Wy hand a
dead flesh, aud Datill can't get used to the fact. T'm
lucky rasary tn my other handas 7 write, and 7 have
ao explanation as te why or how ct stayed with me
at alt. When 9 tipped over inte the Charles River
oue of the buttons on my jacket. rénd yet my lucky
norary turns ufe here, wrapped around my wrist,
anguhere near tt. ptad still, my hand doesn't...
rosary, my fingers suddenly seczed uppand 7 couldn't
open my hand for a secoud. Tu fact, something
shuddered inside me then. Don't kusw why, Cut
left hand seemed like the thing to do. Ut seemed to
Ksfunuy. 9wasa completely fearless couofabiteh
I'm dead, aud 7 find myself, gripped by this
9 just can't shake tt for the life of me. 7 think that

gutle some time.

New York

Old Se. Patrice' Cathedrat (Little Taty),
11:33 PM

2 fect a. little bee batten nasi, .

ouer SO years nau. Firat thing 7 do when 7 get into
» the Big Apple is head for Old St. Pats. theses
cased to be my church here in towe, aad iipstcae leks
big trouble in nights past Cecause of this place. But
this time, for, some reason, once 7 arrived tn Little
Ytaly the old place just wouldn't let me come tnaide.

Tux going te haue that picture — a pen planted in ;

‘

When 7 ferat gat tute town, 7 came straight to |
"thes, place; agate, donot pate go, do not callectia |
dame thing. Tes been a routine of, mine... man, for —

4,

he, SR DE nzally
been looking Yonwanrd ta coming back and taking tn
a Ward orsomething tere. Tt felt neceseany faraome
neason. But dhen V got to those big, Ceautiful, double
door, 9 just couldn't cross the threstald. 2 pele my
from the bation of the Charles River) and then
something strange started happening lo ny eyes, &
tattch of some kind. Tt took me,a minute to figure
out that my dead eyes were trying to cry far me, but
that they hag. wo tears to give. =|
») SoD justeat down ona bench across the way here |
add started to, 7 dan't know, drift off ts probably
thebest wayte describe tt. 7 dou't thinks really steep
prerse;: what 7 do, c's more like fuzzy daydreaming.
Wy eyes Houd over and 7 start te s0e (mages,
of places 7'ue been) sometiones of where
9m headed, This time,, Qeau the double doors of Od |
Se. Pat's open aft ou their own, and a bright, white
light ypilled out tuto the street. 7 20 get ufe

 and'nin tn — for same peason 7 the 7 could

actually enter nau — but my feet were nosted to the
opot. Alt Vesud ds was watch. And as 7 watched,

a delitate fégure emerged fram the light to stand in
the doorway; a woman, aud a beautiful ine at that.

Her head tilted everse gently, and he anmaceabtma)
( spread outward, tthe she was weleaming the warmth
ofa coming embrace. She beckoued to me, but Vath
couldn't moue. Wy legs felt dead bencath me, Ahter

You knsu, Tue been hunt béfare. "Tortured, ever.
Sometimes real bad, too. But tating that daydream
place... ell that waa just nue.

But this place & stilt beautiful, and ie still,
means bit as much to me aa it did yerterday
(or wae et the day Cefore?). They built the place was,
 priginally in 1815, and it had the distigetion o
betng New York's yery first cathedral. Tt was alsa |
the jut Roman Catholic cathedral to be dedicated |
(a the patron saint pf heland. stud on the very same
grounds stands the city's ently Russian Catholic .
church, St. Wibhaclss.

Back in the day, 7 used to look uf ta this place
ae the one trae common ground for all New York's
ates In addition to the sharing %

bi) the uaniaus Catholie' fattht, there waa
We saute on Oh aa

Sis i. 2 aw ze

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

AA A A A A AOA' A

crossreads far the cammentty and, Mea way, tuad.

week, they all seemedto forget their differences for
. One of cts buildings (now. schast) serued ad"
5. ital luring the Revolutionary Wariand later
| became an orphanage where the country's feratsatnt,
the Sisters of Charity. St. Pat's is alas the burial

| ate of Mew York's first bishops and many of the

( etty 's founding fathers. Onc of them, Bishops Hughes,
atl considered, the "savior of St. Pat's" after he
defended the church from anti-Catholic and auté-
dnmignant mobs during the 1830s: Ae even armed
Atk this was before my time, but 7 underdtosd

what Bishop Hughes and the othens were trying to do.
(tl! and it wouldn't stand te allow aici
intolerance to tear ct down. Aud that's, why, abot

|< @ hundred years after Bishop Hughes made his
|) stand, 7 took upp a similar cause of my owe, this time
i The Kindred in question belonged te a family

Keeping up With the Joneses

Peaple of all nationalities and backgrounds gathered *

euclled to bursting, afew of there Walian Uasdsuckers
neighborhood. Ouce a hood, aluays.a hood, 7 guess.
Puyway, these Gisvanuc characters seemed a tittle
trated on acguining St. Patrick's, far some reason.
A pug-aply stooge 7 know tn the Brour called Uncle
nathen than inside tt. neuer could make much sense
ob what that guy raid to me.

But whatever the Giovanni were after, | Vd be
dainued iy 7 was Just gaing to let thim take it. Sa
I made myself, tuto kind, of a thaderu-day (well, at
the time anyway) version of old Hughesic, and 7
fought them tooth and nat. 7 packed up my home
York and picked upp a place right dawn the srect
from St. Pat's. Over the course of about 10 years
on 20, 7 was the secret mastermind behind an)
anderground mauement in the family to thwart the\
Giovanni at evtry tum, capecially where St. Pats,

ngselg. 7 used lacal uiseguys aud button mento do
ony dirty work for me. Every time 7 found out
something about theenemy s plans, V'd send these

Yt trace ct back te. Tt really felt good there for a

. a Cot of ahit's talked about the state off organized crime tn Neu York. But Tsay here
the way, and yeate, New York's taken a lat of the heat for the rest of ua wiseguge, but that doesn't mean
much, We've always been a stublboru and reriient bunch, Jona? pee dees

on the Families came cafamous lalache,

be rr ee oe ee 1959, but 20 much has chauged since
then. 4a somebody ube knows what's been going on, 9 want to fill in the Clanks on what shape the Five
Families are in in the Big rbpple these days. :

Gambins: Hands down, the most powerful of the Five Families, Sure, everybody hnawas about John
don't realize 2 that his successor, "Lutte Nicky," Corosze, haa been tn change of the family since
(ecu thewole he gat himscl, arrested ou racketeoring charges). Supernatural types who go near the Gambinos
these days end ofp with the Giovanni alt our them and their business.

But after Cotambanratted out the plan ta Carte Gambine, the Commission made this would-be hitter head

move Y Vv ON VO Vv OV "VV VV UV CY eevee
CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND LIES.

=
93

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A—A_A—A_

of the Profact family. The Colombe family, long considered a sidearm of the Gambinos, ts currently
nec by, Alphonse Persice and tia consigtienre, Joel Cacace, and is currently embroiled in some heavy
Genovese: rtfter the death of tte patriarch, Vite Genovese, tn 1969, the family struggled under
averces of tubewarm bosses for the next 25 years, culminating in cts current leader, Vincent "The Chin"
Gigante, the man whe ounce screwed up a poiut-tlank tit on Frank Costello. In his waning years he
came to be known as "the Oddfather" due to his practice of wandering around Greenwich Ullage in
hits pajamas and muttering to himeel,. He's running things from prison uowadays.

Lucchese: This family's seen an awful lat of grief, lately, maculy for tts high-profile assassinations
of seucral high-profile vies, including a top-ranking DE4 agent. Thanks to the appointment of Vie
"Gesse" rémuse and his chie, aide, 4euthony Casse, the New York Lucchese family ts all but lying
tc rains, though it still retaina strong ties to its perennial cash cow, heroin. The current boss of what's
left of, the family tsa man named Steven Crea.

Fie Families (with the possible exception of the Gambinos) to pick itself, upp Cy tts bootstraps. Since
his release from prison in 1993, the current 6012, Joseph "Big Joey" Massino, has been returning some
mach-needed stability and order to the family. This earned him the new nickname "the Ear" far hia
ancauny ability ta detect potential threats to his operations.

my Uttle vendetta began 'te spill over tute a full-

the Giovakué were really in tight with the Mangano
Wwoartde high tn Hew York, We was chairman of the
' dud complain to their Mab Coys that somebody tn the
Life thas been fucking things wp for them — on
. "ther" tur, cn Lettle Ttaly, no less — and the
* answer (what a surprise) was to flera tittle Stelian
with the program, * :

tad you hunaw what yours truly got for tis frart
cn all this? 7 got deported, See, t's really easy tu
the Life to piss people off, Cut you can also impress
| them at the same\time. Tn fact, "4 almoat
something tritating, ovat least creatively criminal,
So what 7 gat for my trebles way a "reassignment."
Te Chicage. ‘

caliber tn the outfit.

r

eo ate

pledged family feud. What 7 didn't realize was that \

‘
Seems that the Candonas wanted a man of my,

‘Pittsburgh

Vinee Rivers Stadium, 12:52 AM

There's just something about the Steelers, you
gotta admit. 7 don't mean now of course, uot under
But you kiaw, back during the heyday of the Steet
Curtain. God, 7 used to come all the way dawn here
fram Coston just to watch ‘em play the way they did
lack then. Now that was what 9 call a dynasty,
that they knew what ateam was supposed to be
about. For a few bnief and glorious years there,
man... they were a family, those guys.

Se, what do 7 find when 7 get down here
tonight? They xe planning to tear the fucking place

\ dawn! Yeah... Three Rititrs Stadium. rAud for

what? To make room for the latest new thing, of

Christ, n't anything sacred anymore? 7 kuow it's
etapid ta gerall worked ufe about ct now, but there
were some traly ncredible moments experienced
here. There really were.

tnutted me upp to his private Cox ta watch the game

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

7 a4 Aap Bn Ge Zh 2 a. A SD. Ge), at SE ue. SEs an, >) AE /

A_A _A iA A A A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A A AA

ad a courtesy — pod da /scaed Hie otel an RED
school tn every way, a Stedian Brujah with tot ian
Leconge Siailines SESESOR SS hence his generosity to the
ifhis consideralla, KSiattality, GAIN coaditn
town.

rivals. 7 atilt remember how good ct felt, that feeling
of being special — you know, a somebody —
7-waa that day.

agatn.

don't know of a single bookie in town who never

Graziosi's soldiers), just about everything else,
LaRocca, The LaRocca Family took over
Pittsburgh in 1956 when the previous boss, Frank
of-what wascalled "the Philly Tsue." Iu those
day, Pittsburgh was doing cts level best to cut the
families to the cart. Pittebungh was actually the
more genuinely Vtalian of the two cities (thind highest
Yatiau-rimerican population after New York and
Chicags, actéally) aud it wauted tts udefendence,
he had inherited from tmato, aud by the late 502,
boss Nick Ciuella. Like his predecesser, LaRacea
alee tried leaning on the city's various steelwarkens

Sh am SD A GRO. SD EOS MR RE (GR) Mie Gee, a (ie CED ED faa fae

CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND LIES

=
95


A_s_A _A_A_A_A_A_A _A _A_A__A__A__A___A_A___A_—_A—A—

those concerned particr whore interests lay tn seeing
LaRocea stick to hisown game. Gut, no, b there was

So, tke gunshots tn the night came the attempts
on LaRoecca's life, one right after the other. Or at
Ccast that's what people were led to believe. Personally,
9 have tt on good authority that whoever tt war put
the hit out on Goss LaRoccea didu't actually want
wanted to put on a show and make ct look like they
cure. Tn any care, tt had the end rernlt of making
that tn the end ct wasn'ta well-planned hit, buta
20-year long Cattle with the Big C that finally
family, no pissed-off Uoodsucker, not rome pacu-tn-
the-ass "shooter-for-hine." Justa diseare. rtud what
a bitch she is, can't she?
finally died, 7 guess tn 84 ct wat, he was succeeded
by one Michael James Genovese. That's right. Vite
Genovese's couscn, tn point of fact. rire you starting
to see, now, how all this actually works?

That weird sixth sense 2 nagging me again, aud
that means the shooter's back on the road to Chicago,
3e 7'd better be making my way. T's just ar well,

9 can't believe they're Just gouna tear this
place down.

Chicago

Windy City Pizzeria, 1:06 AM

Ne, 7 really can't actually eat the food here
anqgmoare (dammit), Cut 7 can still enjoy the place,
soak uf the atmosphere and whatnot. bt least my
nose n't aa dead aa the rest of, me, thank God: thir
otal, co heavenly. This place has a lot of good
memonrtes for me, and 7 used to come here to think
Pat's debacle tn New York, the basses sent me over

Cht-Town for "an indefinite period."

DV bigured that Td be overseeing family interests
get cnualued in the town's sticky web of Uoodaucker
politicking (after all, V'd just demonstrated that 7
could use my resources ta stand tae-ta-tae with come
tough customers). Well, that's what 7 figured
anyway. But, ao, the Family sent me te Chi-TJown
to get pinched and thrown tn the Lammer.
this. They just set me ufe in a nice apartment and
gave me a bunch of chit arsiguiments that resulted tw
my arrest and imprisonment, but tt amounted to the
same thing. Especially since ct had been their plan
atl along. Wow do 7 know tt had been their plan all
atoug? Because 7 war encouraged not to make bat
because 7 just happened to get placed on the same
cell black as one rbiphonse Capone. réud that, my
frtends, & why 7 was sent te Chicago.

Vhaukpully, 7 wasn't "encouraged" to
accompany Big stl when he was tranierred ta
Aleatras (7 think 7 almost got sent along, but Vm
wotsure haw close 7 came to that), but 7 was grilled
fo no end about my experience as "Capone's
acighbor" whee 7 gat out, Dean tell you that. That
week was particularly memorable for me, because
& was the fenrat time 7 met the upiper echelon of the
Cardona family. 74 feu suite from the homeland
depending on how much credit 7 give my lauyere),
tock me to a house we had outside of town (utiich

Then a wend thing happened. One of them
about making me one of the true soldati, 20 7 said,
"9 was already made, wasn't 97" They all gave me
this shitty little thin-lipped smite and then shook
ther heads. Tt was then that 7 understood: "They
wanted to make me Kindred.

Well, the hell with that! 7 didn't care how much
flower aud prestige were suptpored to come with being
made again, there was we way 7 wad going to take
that particular ride, thanks. rtud you kuow what?
That war one of the feu smart chaices T've made tu
a long life of ad deciacond.

Strangely enough, my refusal ta accept their
offer only reralted in them trusting me more (or tn
tua), ré2 a result, D spent the next feu years getting

ma
96 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

oc  iDGun Gen oe oop Sob 2 Oi 2 SD Go me Me ae. fee (eon cee Sef |

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_ A _ A A A A A

te know the darker) side of organized crime tu
Chicage. Aud believe me, there's a lat of, dark shét
going down under the sanpace. Shit t's probably beat
9 don't write down.

take their business very seriously tn this town. For
many years, everyone had to play nice under the
Chicago boss of the Kindred (they called him a

0% Lodin. Under Lodin, ue undead businessman
(ubeether Family on uot) could step tute certacn areas
bureaucracies, and the like — without stepping on
Boss Lodin's toes. This caused na small amauut of
that Chi-Town should represent the laud of opportunity

prince, 7 think), a na-nonsense player by the name

The Outfit
here's a bniey, chnonslagy of the Chicage leadership. You lt notice that the average "reign" far a bass
tx this thing of ours was a little over five years. Better than a single presidential teun, yes, but think
about it: Wow many presidents leave office by takeing two to the back of the head?

AAuthouy D'reudrea (1915-1921) — Shot ta death while returning from a late card game.

Wike Mele (1921-1924) — Most likely responsible fan the arsacsination of hia predecessor.
Deed of "natural causes."

AAutonie Lombards (1924-1928) — Ruled with an cron fist, but was eventually brought down
by his support of one Alphonse Capone, whe thanked Lombarde by having him killed in onder te take
auer his faction,

rt Capone (1928-1921) — The mast natercous gaugater of them all. Credited with hasting the
formidable (and redundant) tag-team of syphilis and the TRS.

Frank Neti (1931-1943) — A.h.a., "the Enponcer." Committed suicide when ordered to take

Felice Dellucia (1943-1945) — A.h.a., Pau "the Waiter" Ricca, ronically sent away after

Anthony reccarde (1945-1957) — Also called "Goe Batters," réccarde would accomplish mare

Saluatore Giancana (1957-1966) — "Moms," as he wae known, hept a much higher profile
than tis predecessors, ultimately leading to his arneat, conviction and eventual arcassination. 7s often

Sam Battaglia (1966-1967) — "Teets" was a gasd successor ta Giancana, but gat himaelf,
anvested far Cnribing offiecals after calling the shots for ouly a year.

Felix Alderiss (1969) — Ola "Wllwanlhee Pit" was arrested only months after swearing tt
bor his attempt to defraud a Chicage suburb bank.

Goku Cerane (1969-1970) — An old protege of reccande's, "Gackie" Cerone was and still
often seca as ane of the greatest Cosses ever, despite his short reign. Tinperivoned for racketeering.

Goseph rb cuppa (1970-1986) — Onc of, the tangest-tived bosses in Chicage, ptiupipa wasanactive
player in external businesses, eapectally in Lar Vegas casinar, Received much attention for the murders
of Sam Glancana and labor-teader Yimmy Hoffa. Finally jailed at the age of 78.

Goseph Ferriata (1996-1991) — AA brutal boss whe ordered many hits in order to keep secrecy
about the Outfit's operations. Developed cancer and handed auer the reigue C0...

Sam Cantise (1991-1993) — "Wings" Cantisé called the shots until he wae sent away far

Joey Lombards (1992-Present) — Released from prison ta 1992, Joey "the Clown" Lombardo
cannot even acssaciate with known members of the Outfit due ta the terme of hie parste, 10 he operates

GM Dai = a > ai Say ae ee a me ee i Gee ee ae ea a
CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND LIES


All this tension came to a head during a
marsive, all-out war that turned Chicago tute a
battleground. Aowever, rather than the war with
Lodin's subjects you would assume would have been
the case, tt was a war between species: vampires Us.
werewslues. Werewolves in Chicage ts net what most
people think of finet when they think of the Windy
City, uct there it to. bud those guys are all over the
Mace, actually, aud modt of ua never even know é.
Kinda like the Kindred, Aud. this panticalarfamily
of werewaolues tad had just about ar much "vampirce
frosprercty" as they could stomach for one century,
aud tn the end they all Uamed Ladin.

For the moot fart, Boss Ladin's eabjects
remained lagal to him when the bullets (aud claws
and who knows what else) started to fy. In fact,
many of the Ladin bays went datum fighting to save
thecr bass, But cu the end, tt didu't matter much.
Someone did get to Boss Ladin eventually, and with
him died hia told ow the city, which loft it wide open
Ger other tuterests to finally take root.

Aayway, ae 7 unite this, V've been neatizing that
7 don't even know who's ever going te read tt. Va
hoping that somehow t'U actually be of same use ta
comebody one day, but Tue been coming ta the
realization over the last couple of days that 7
probably won't be around far very much longer once
Tue repacd this tittle debt of honor. Wy joints are
beginning to stiffen cfs, like T've gat crushed glass
taside them (which, by the way, at entirely
Welt, the flesh on my chest and neck ta embrocdenred
with bite of frosted onange glass nou), aud D realize
Tue been "drifting off" more often each day.

DV euppoce it's asad thought but, hey, what can
you do?

Forgive ue our trespasser,

SI.Louis

Omue Majestic Hotel, 2:23 AM

7 usually dou't bother to ash mngsel, this
gucrtion, as tt has au trrttating tendency ta get me
tute trautle (at least ct did, you buaw... before), but
D just have te know: What the fuck am 7 doing here?
2 followed the shooter sauth aut of Chicage, down
Route 55 through Springfield, and this ts where he

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Why would the shooter decide ta come here, of Ak
places? Y, my original suspicion was true, that the
guy was taking some kind of traveling census of Mob
towns, then why wauld he drop tn here, rather than
actress state tn Kansas City where all thereat action
4? Wy ferat assumption was that the hit back in
Beantown had been politically motivated from the
etant, that the Sabbat of St. Louis knew not only
whe 7 was but where 7 was, and that they wanted
and now he was returning to deliver his refrart and
collect on the ather half, of tis payotg. Naturally, 7
tmmediately saw oncamatl problem with this theory,
that being that it's completely fucking off base.

Why in God's name would the Sabbat of St.
Lawis (of all places) uwdnt me, a Coston button man
with we tuterest tw Uaodsucher politics, to be taken
out of the picture? So, uo, that couldn't be a. But
then why St. Louis? Did the shooter know the
Sablbat here, even % he didn't work, fer them? Atco
antibely, From what 7 knauw of, these guys, they'd
just as saon hill and eat the shooter as talk to him,
never mind set him up with a penthouse at the Omni
been a personal vendetta on the part of the shooter.
Shit, 7've sure billed enough people in my time —
lau of averages states that at least ene of, them muat
have been either a warlack or related ta a
Finet, make no mistake about it, this was a
professional hit by a professional killer, nat an act
9 dow't see haw 7 would or could have come back to
settle the scone with the shaoter tn that event. See, he
aud 7 would already be even then.

So why did the shooter come here? Well, the
answer probally lies in the unigue criminal situation
of this town. While it's true that the Sabbat around
here haue been trying like hell to take this city for
decades naw that's only the political situation.
confuae the two where Cusiness ts concerned. They're
often inextricably connected, true, but are certainly
not the same,

It St. Louis, crime has always been connected
to the supernatural and vice versa. Back in the early
days of, La Cota Nostra, St. Louis actually became
made the trek upp from New Orleans shortly after the


was going on here as early aa 1876), and began to
bukldasmatl empire out of lacal gangs og amall-time
hoods. They fought the war for dominance of St.
Louis underworld through the tikes of the Green
Ones, the Pillow Gang, Egan's Rats and the
Cuchoos.

The reat trauble started in bprdl of 1952, just
Cofore the end. of Prohibition. "The Cuckoos gang,
formed after the Great War by three highly unstable
gang wartare, internal leases and strife, ar well as
all-around poor management. Ina derpenate attempt
to nregatn a foothold, they lent their muscle ta anather
group, the East Side Gang, na war with a rival
gang. Vhetnr hope was to cash in on the skyrocketing
business that would obviously pallou a victory tn thts
prepared (ase usual) and all three fell that night in
a hal of Cullets.

"This would have been fine, had they stayed dead,
but some crazy jacking Sabbat happened to be ou the
scene — he was rumored to have been running with
the East Side's rival gang, hence the latter's

there, returning to action not only the dead brothers,
but their dead gang as well. The Cuckoos have been
@ force tn the city ever since, uot for the Sablat, but
for themselves. Oh, they're still as crazy ad they ever
were, Cut all the more powerful for tt now. And 7
wouldn't be a bit surprised a big source of the
Sabbatia problems in this town came nat from some
concerted effort on the part of the Camanclla, but
from this one pack of deranged undead haodlums.

So what's the bottom tine? Well, youre an
organized crime fan and a warlock, the good money
cnpormation and entertainment value. réud that
ehowe not only taste, Cut some serious Calls an the
Tes Cad Tm supposed to whack him, right?

Stull, there's nothing that says 7 gotta do
tonight, cs there?

New Orleans

Le Faubourg "emt, 3:17 AM

Tue been here for almost an tour nou, aud 7 stil
can't figure out which one of there cdivte te packing
heat. used to be 10 good at that, you know, picking

trabhald | \

vv VoVYioWiWYiWYWwYYyYVYVYVvVv_ Vv Vv VY

CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND LIES


out which guys in a group were the shooters and
which ones were the UlP2. But 7 ve been staring
to have guessed every detack of their operation by
aan,
Christ, wow D'm lorcag my touch too, of
att things.

Not ta worry, thaugh. T'm not here far them
laud uccce versa, 4 they hnaw what's good for
them). 7 were, 7 wouldn't be-senribbling away
at this journal, would 77 Ne, Vn waiting ou an
old friend of mine, this guy named Sat, Sal was
ny namben-oue snitch tn this town in the old days,
aud even though others gave him us end of grief for
being an Ntalian-Creole croasbiced, he was also
all his ancestors lived and where he and his family
atl live. Dnemember haw he used to tell me,
a character, Sat... 7 just wish you'd turn uft one

Pere he comes wou,

Uhneugh the fog, and walk over to the gang of

Goods 7'd been, egeballing foran hod. Deauld telt

was Sal by the tright red sweater he always.
) wears: hood up, haude tn pockets. Tt. was Salt

att right. He stood around with themigar a few,
| walked over to. me. i

' Sal waa standing — a tittle too far away and

& darkness for a dihetle, he spoke at last.
Iu an unusually soft vocce, Sat began te nrelate
| acuce last 7 uiatted. We asked me oD remember

i 4 story he oure. told me about.¢ powenfal vampiric ',

| ceodeo cult that mysteriourly vanished decades

y

—

Via
Ves

ae hie od
| admitted. In a scratchy vate, Sal thea related to'\
| me the story of a local vaades houngan named
DeRouen whe had been torn to bits by his own |
seen tn the poorer ae rs pnaanlentis: |
Ridge latity, alize and ell and passersed of a |
new congregation — a' growing congregation that |)
war nou spreading out across the guarter, taking
|| Carger competitors yaud the smaller
people of Fauberg "Tremé. 7 could only
| head, rl Wa
iftera pause, he gucetly asked 4 Dremembened
hia favorite plnase from the old, days, the one he
always aed to say to me. 7 whispered that 7 did.
this next thing —- the last thing he'd say — that
hit me like @ gunshot to the head. {
"Death ts a daar that swings both ways," wad:
chat lib said. And with that, Sal looked up.
due to a massive eiglt-ball hemonrhage; |
lack veins stretched acroad both eyeballs in a
\ Gettislity wide gash stretching from ear to car. The |
; ubcend, cond sa deep aud a0 wike, 7 dont see hoy
hia head could haue stayed tu place atatt..\ but far
743.9 stared — haw stupid 7 must have lacked
| then — Sal slowly turned, and before could say
| anathin ward, he uarished back tute the fog, leautng

Cuba

UWiami Tuternational AAnport, 5:13 AM

All night, 10 T'm nat actually going te Cuba,
bat the shooter (2 and that's what's important. Vm
mot gocng for three reasons: First, there are the
obutous logistical problems cn trying to obtacn
transport to Cuba from the United States (9 have
| «a tdea how the shoster's palling ct off). Then
there's the fact that certain groupes ane on the

VW *Vanv, -Vae Vv Viv

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Vo Vint Vir ON ae ay ee

ph Ahh htt hh AA

9 kuswu where the shaster's going when he leaves
Pavana, so there's really us weed far mete go. Vt
gust head him off, at the pads.

Stilt, 7 fucking hate this place. 7 had a dream
ouce about a herd of angry youngitert standing on
the northern Conder of Plorida, each with a raw of
one Kind or another tu hand. With aemite, the bids
begin sawing away at the ground tu front of them,
aud tu uo time flat, the entire state ca removed from
of Mexico.

a vacation spot, % you ask me.

Bat let's get back to Cuba (before 7 get started
of 1959, Fidel Castro has had a hidden cadre of
undead supporters — a groupe of agitators calling
themselues the Brujah Council — whe are the last
communion. Tn the beginning, this councd worked
eadeauar ta support Castre aud driue the Lasombra
out of Cuba. Castres sudden shift te saciatiam a feu
years later, haweuer, marked the Brujah's sudden

| deed araresult. Thankfully, the counctl's influence
with Cartre has neuer been ad strong ad they would
the (they tried to steer him more aloug the lines of,
ferther in recent years.

Despéte the Council's efforts, we still have some
cars on the grouud tu Cuba. One of them, a warlock
Cardona family for his contributions in keeping aur
cntereats afloat in Wavana. Ae ts still technically
ander the influence of the local cape, a guy named
lighter, Cut he's been regularly feeding us info
about his bass and his mover, and has demonstrated
2 genuine loyalty ta Family first. For naw, we've
encouraging him to support +blightert to the fullest,
as he ts one of the most powerful people tnvolued tw
what is called the Reustuctén Nueva, a combined
efport of several Cuban factions to overthrow the
conent regime. Blthough ust a Cardona (or a
Kindred on even one of the true soldati), Alighiere
aman of many connections whe has proven timely
time and time again ta the Mafia at large.

From what Constance tells us, haweuer, the
lines of late. Ae takes private meetings without
without leaving any word as te where he's going or
reading something odd about his cape while running
dome hind of magical "scan" of the ucseguys Cn bir
outfit. [t's nothing he can put a description to, but
to let us know about ct.

Etther way, t's notreally my problem anymore.
9 do hope that everything works out for those guya
— Lord knows, 7 hate those Grujah sucts as much
ad the next guy — Cut 7 just dou't have the time nau.
Wy concentration ain't what was ever twa days
ago, aud 7 feel like 7 only have Just enough energy
to make this one lact tripe.

Back home.

For Thine is the kingdom,

Malta

Grand Harbor (Valletta), 6:05 AM

Some way, somehow, 7 just knew that all this
woud lead me back here. Watta har been the
ancestral hame of my family siuce the 15th ceutury,
whena man named 4tutenia Cardona bought the
taland from King Alphonse U of, Sicily for. B0,000
florins. Cardona then thausperred governance of the
cland to one Gousalue WMouray, who proceeded to
prise off the Maltese people 10 much that they, in
turk, offered te pay WMounray the 30,000 florins Just
to get him the hell out and thus let them gain ther
night to. self-governance. "The reguest was accepted
aud, by royal charter tn 1482, the legal right of the
Waltese was coufinmed. That warthe real start of
the Cardona story.

Now, what mort folks don't uow ca that
Cardona had masterminded the whale thing. Weset
aft Wlaurdy as a stooge — the means by which
eventual Maltese indepeadence contd be wou —aud
gucetly faded inte the background of WMaltest
a2 the patran of an entire people whe would owe him
their freedom. Tt waa Cxilliant.

eve Vy Vo TV ON oe NV Ve Vr a

CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND LIES

=
101

Catholic and one of the Knights of the Order of
St. Gotu (later the Knights of Matta), has
prospered on this sland, through thick and thin.
He has built an entire network out of the
Cardona family from this (land, encouraging
the prosperity of hia mortal descendants aboue all
others. tlthough a Kindred himoelh, he ta mare
concerned with haw his descendants fare worldwide
than tn creating an army of Cardona Kindred
at his command. Tn fact, he sees vamfpiniom aa
a biblical cunse and only bestows ct upon those
whe either ask far tt, or whose extatences must be
DV heard encrumar concerning Dou Cardona that
would go a long way toward explaining this
devotion to his family: Tt tells that the Dou has
a particularly restrictive diet. Tu fact, he may
only obtain nourishment from the Claod of his own
familial line. Thus, ct would follow thatthe Dan
does all he can to ensure the prosperity of the
Cardona line... when tt dies, 20 does he. The
head of the powerful Cardona family — ts the
Autonie Cardona has always been something of
a mystery, and t's likely ta remainss. 7 for one
fave neuer had the balls te call him on tt.
When 7 arrived last night, the vision of this
beautiful harbor at sunset just dumbfainded me.
D wandered haw tt was 7 could ge20 long without
scctng this place again. rbud 7 haven't left since
then. V ve been wandering around the harbor all
and listening to the tide slap against the boats.
Aud then tt Just happened, rt a little after
three in the morning, a small private yacht
where 7 waslsdtting. 74 man tn a tight shicher
making te walk over, 7 suddenly drifted off
again. rbcrosa my eyes blew a rapid haze of
Cerny images, scenes of my life, from begare and
after 2 was made. Iu them, Jaaw my father, my
friends from childtosd, the old neighborhood in
Somerwille... the mother 7 neuer knew. rind it
From somewhere behind the haze, 7 was aware

of ny mark getting auay. We was stepping off
the boat and crossing the harbor ta a parking lot.
9 realized that 7 would lose him 47 didu't
dimly, Vnealized that 7 didn't really care.
father never forgave me far what happened to
you tn that hospital, but Vue always wondered
what you were thinking in those first moments
wander yf you thought about what your new baby
bay would grow upc te be when he became a man,
or whether he'd make a good butcher or baker or
candlestich maker — or maybe even a police
officer, like his father. ptud 7 wander what you
would day te your boy nou, tf you knew of haw
heed chosen te become the first of that distinguished
leat tu the most undistinguished way.

9 might alia wonder what Papa would say
¢ he caw me nou, Cut 7 think 7 m afraid of the
answer to that guection. 7 know he resented me
there at the end of, tis life, but 7 had always
thought that tt war because he had Uamed me
for your death. Wy binth bad effectively robbed
hime of, hia wife, his only true love. Only now do
sce that he resented me truly because V'd been
chosen over him tn the end; because when 7 was
made the Family was opting to pass right ouer
Domine St. — tn pation of the "newer model"
— thus dooming him toastow and painfuland
guaminiously human death. We kuew that 7
that he could lucien, and he resented the fact
that his own son would steal time away from bls
dying gather.

Bat Papa didn't know the truth about lige
ae one of the tine soldati. He didu't know that
the time 7'd Ceen given was, Just like everything
else in the Life, stolen to begin with and nat
theirs ta give. The terrible and perfect nany of
&, Wama, @ that 7 wouldn't have wished this
life on anyone, least of all my own father, Papa
has uo tdea that what 7 really did when 7 let
him die a human being waste save him. Daaved
him, Wama; 7 really believe that 7 did. Aud
9 hope that that fact in some way allows me to
cece you again, nou that Tn finally finished

WORLD OP DARKNESS: MAFIA

2 a ee ee Ge mee cae Gee gee me Gem Ge eS ae mee ee pa a |


here, at the end, ts that all the things V've done
daring the time you gave me will keep you Just as
distant from me in death as you were from me in life.

AAud as God ta my witness, Dam vorny. Foratll
duty. V'm sorry for all of tt, Mama: Vjust dont
huow 4 t's enough. 7 don't know 4 what V've gone
fay, or worse yet, Just the beginning of a penance 7

have yet to pay. Se Vm seared, WMama, seared
Cecause it's truly terrifying not kuowing; nal knowing
where TU be going when 7 leave this place, or worst
of all, whether or wot TUL Ce able to see you when 7

We knows when t's high time for an old wiseguy
to finally wise up.

stmen.

\ Fa a ae, aa Se ae, ae To. I SD, Ge, SOD, GS GED Sa OR, a Fee RC

CHAPTER FOUR: THE VEIL OF SECRETS AND LIES


\.

O°,

‘
‘. Ay i
AAs. 8

104 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA


A_A_A_A is A A A A A A A A A A_A _A_A_4_4

Chapter Five:
lorylelling

This American system of ours, call it Americanism, call it capitalism, call it what you

will, gives each and every one of us a great opportunity if we only seize it with both hands

and make the most of it
— Al Capone

So you've decided that you want to run a Mafia-
based chronicle. Maybe you want your players to be
sitting at the top of the heap, the Al Capones or the
John Gottis or the Michael Corleones of your game.
You salivate at the thought of them pulling the
strings, hobnobbing with (and bribing) senators and
judges, and ordering hits on rival wiseguys.

Then again, maybe you're looking for something
more visceral. Your players' characters aren't at the
top; they're nowhere near it. Instead, they're the
soldiers, the guys on the street. They're hijacking
working the casinos, even blasting away at
those same rivals with cheap shotguns (and it isn't a
shame, dramatically speaking, that the Tommy gun
fell out of use?).

One type of story tends to be more political, the
other more action-oriented, but both can be a hell of
alot of fun. But there's a lot more to running a Mafia-

oriented chronicle than giving the characters names
like Guido the Lip and having them say
"Fuggeddaboudit!" and "I'ma gonna make 'im an
offer he can't refuse" every other sentence. This book
is filled with hints and discussions about the culture
of the Mafia and the sort of people who get involved
in it. The Mafia's history has a powerful impact on
the organization's
that joining the Mafia isn't something done lightly
or by just anyone. Only individuals willing to place
themselves outside of society's bounds, to put loyalty
to the Family above the laws of the world around
them — and even their own well-being — are going
tomake the cut. Storytellers, pay particular attention
to Chapters One and Two (especially the sectionson
"Family" and "Made Men") and put that information
to use when creating your supporting characters.
Suggestions and rules for creating Mafia characters

current activities. Remember, too,

\ GER GD GD. Gi. Gi. Ga. RD. a= (ae, am ae ms Goma iD EES fee a Ps Tas SG Sa, AE f

CHAPTERFIVE:STORYTELLING

TT
105


have already been covered in Chapter Three, but
that, of course, is the players' responsibility. Yours, as
the Storyteller, is a little more complicated.

Take a quick look at the front cover of this book.
Yes, your games may focus on the criminal activities of
the Family y, in fact, be everyday
mortals who think vampires and mages are nothing
but costumed children who beg for candy on
Halloween. But the setting is still the World of
Darkness, and it's still one designed, first and foremost,
for horror. Ignore the criminal element, and you end
up playing just another Storytelling game with mortals
instead of night-stalking monsters. Ignore the horror,
though, and there's no sense in setting the game in the
World of Darkness at all. Although a Mafia-based
role-playing game set in the "real" world might be fun,
it's not what we've got going here.

your characters mz

This chapter is intended to give Storytellers
advice for putting together a Mafia chronicle. It
focuses primarily on the nature and activities of good

A_A _A_A_A _sA_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A +A

Family men, yes, but we've tips aplenty for working
the various horrors of the World of Darkness into the
game as well. So read on — but make sure you don't
open'your big yap about what we tell you. Nobody
likes a rat.

The ethos and activities of the Mafia allow for
an enormous range of potential stories. Just trying
to navigate successfully the labyrinthine Mafia
culture presents choices and challenges aplenty, to
say nothing of the dozens of external conflicts faced
by mafiosi characters on a regular basis. By simply
recombining various aspects of conflict and setting,
the Storyteller can create stories and chronicles as
tich as anything to be found in any World of
Darkness game.

History Versus Hollywood

The Mafia of The Godfather or The Sopranos is
most assuredly not the Mafia of the real world. Oh,
they have more similarities than differences, but the

Violence Begets Violence

ven if you're playing characters at the highest levels of a Family, or on the Commission its
Mafia-oriented chronicle is going to be violent — more so than the average political chronicle, at any
rate. Dons are often the targets of hits, underlings try to knock you off to move up through the rank
the children of guys you've ordered whacked are coming back for revenge, and the Feds are lurking just
around the corner, waiting for you to make that one mistak

It's even worse for street-level operators — and players' characters. Violence is acommon pastime
for them. Even assuming the poor slob you're shaking down doesn't suddenly grow a spine or a Smith
& Wesson, you've got cops, rival wiseguys, mavericks who think the Mafia's rules don't apply to them,
people in your own ranks who hold grudges, and sometimes even the bosses who decide you're
expendable.

It's worse still if you're running a chronicle with the Mafia as adversary to the characters. The
amount of firepower the Famili
downright obscene. Even a vampire or a werewolf is going to go down under a large enough hail of
machine gun fire.

What all this boils down to is that while a Mafia chronicle need not be heavily combat-oriented,
it is, by nature, going to have more combat than, for instanc political Vampire game. Thus, your
characters are going to have a higher than average mortality rate.

Common instinct among many Storytellers is to fudge it. Let the characters miraculously survive
where death seemed certain. Many Storytellers don't like to let the dice decide such things; they want
characters to die only if and when it's dramatic for the story.

That's certainly ar able approach, 2
A Mafia-oriented story may not be one of them, though. Sudden, bloody violer
part of Family life. If you remove the danger of abrupt — and often frequent —
remove an important factor of the game. Characters in these games should be nervous, and death should
potentially lurk around every corner and in the chamber of every cheap .38. To do less is to v
the impact of the violence that, in the final analysis, makes the Mafia what it is.

can bring to bear against someone who really pisses them off is

nd in some styles of chronicle it really is the best option.
is an inescapable
haracter death, you

V grrr aw LY. Vv VV. VO VA VY VV VV. Vo

ad
106 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

image most people hold, a composite acquired from
hours of stylish cinema, is not an accurate one. The
Mafia of the real world is dirtier, grittier and even less
reliable than that portrayed, as Nicholas Romero
remarked in Chapter Two, by DeNiro and Pesci.

In the real world, the Mafia does not have codes
of behavior nearly as civilized as those in the movies.
The violence isn't nearly as restrained — yes, you
read that right. Furthermore, the Mafia of todayisn't
what it used to be. While still an active presence in
organized crime, La Cosa Nostra has been on a
downward slide for decades; it hasn't nearly the
power or the clout that it used to.

But who cares?

The Mafia of Hollywood is a lot more fun to work
with. Feel free to play up the fictionalized, even
romanticized Mafia of the silver screen. Portray the
aging don with a sort of ruthless nobility, a love for
his people that excuses, in his mind at least, all the
distasteful things he's done through the years. Let the
battle-weary sgarrista try to ease his way out, to go
legit, even though his capo keeps dragging him back
forjust "one more job." Even the hitman with morals,
the guy who won't hurt anybody not already guilty of
some sort of crime — horribly clichéd as the concept
may be — can be fun in the hands of the right player.

Bottom line, don't worry too terribly much about
being ruthlessly true to the source in this particular
instance. World of Darkness: Mafia is constructed
at least partially on the Hollywood model of La Cosa
Nostra; there's no reason your chronicles shouldn't
be as well.

Rank and File

One of the first decisions you'll have to make as
a Storyteller is where, exactly, the characters fit into
the Family hierarchy. You'll have to choose from
quite a number of different ranks, but for purposes of
developing the story, you'll need to concern yourself
with three particular categories. Deciding which one
(or which ones) the characters fall into defines the
very nature of the chronicle.

The Boss

This story puts the characters at the highest
levels of the Family. Perhaps one character plays the
don and the others his capos bastone or his consiglieri.
Maybe they' reall lieutenants toa Storytellercharacter

don. Maybe, ifyou're really looking fora story charged
with intrigue, they're all dons of separate Families,
each with a seat on the Commission (this last is not
recommended for beginning Storytellers or ones
with alow tolerance for pain). The Godfather trilogy
is definitely one place to see inspiration for an upper-
echelon chronicle.

Whatever the specifics, the characters in this
sort of story are responsible for maintaining the
Family, making decisions, organizing operations, and.
so forth. They probably aren't getting their hands
dirty directly (though odds are pretty good they did
so quite a bit in their younger days). These games are
not going to involve running battles on the streets
and car bombs — or rather, they will, but the
characters will be ordering such things, rather than
participating in them (usually).

This sort of Mafia story is particularly well suited
to those Storytellers and players who enjoy political
chronicles. If you prefer hobnobbing in Elysium and
influencing the governor to battling the Sabbat; if
you prefer tribal moots and plays for leadership to
shredding Black Spiral Dancers; if you prefer verbal
sparring in the court of the sidhe to butting heads
witha troll — this is probably the Mafia story for you.

Most Mafia dons and their immediate underlings
are very well connected. Both player and Storyteller
characters will need to have substantial amounts of
the Allies, Contacts, Influence. and Resources
Backgrounds (or, if you prefer not to give your
Storyteller characters actual dots, just make sure
they have a huge number of strings they can pull and
favors they can call in). It's extremely important that
the Storyteller knows precisely who her characters'
connections are and how they interact, since it's
possible — even likely — that the players will
eventually move to nullify those contacts. For more
on how to define a character's web of influence, see
The Gilded Cage; though intended primarily as a
Vampire supplement, the advice given therein can
usually be applied to any well-connected character.

One of the primary jobs of the men at the top is
to keep things looking good for the police, the press
and the public. A Family has to have legitimate
businesses to cover its less-than-legit enterprises.
The don and his underlings — and their cadres of
lawyers — have to keep up the appearance of
respectability. Congressmen won't be seen
hobnobbing with someone who doesn't have a
sparkling public persona, after all.

CHAPTERFIVE:STORYTELLING

=F
107


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

=
108

Made Men

Technically, someone in the upper echelons is
also "made," but in this case we're referring to capos
and sgarristas, operators and soldiers. Chronicles set
primarily at this level are going to involve a lot more
action on the part of the characters. The bosses may
give the orders, but these are the guys who make
things happen. More than just leg-breakers and
hitmen, characters at this level are executing the
operations. They can still have some authority —
maybe one of the characters is the capo of a crew —

but these guys are primarily doers, not planners. If

you want to tell a story that delves deeply into the
dirty, blood-soaked day-to-day criminal endeavors
of La Cosa Nostra, this is the chronicle for you.
That said, there's plenty of politicking even at
this level, if only in competition among wiseguys for
advancement. Everyone wants to be the next guy
promoted, and if your players can make the other
contenders look like fools, hey, more power to them.
Of course, your Storyteller characters should be
trying to do the same thing to them.

The thing to remember about playing a soldier of
any sort is that when orders come down from above,
you follow them. Period, end of discussion, no debate.
Or you die. It's called rispetto— respect — and short
of omerta itself, it's the most important part of a
wiseguy's worldview. Make absolutely certain that
your players are prepared for that situation, as they
will inevitably wind up receiving orders they don't
want to follow (otherwise, how can you call yourself
a Storyteller?).

fissociates

This is pretty much the lowest level you can go
and still call it a Mafia chronicle. The "associates"
aren't made men yet. Most of them will do anything
to get made, and that means they get stuck with the
really nasty stuff. Make your players do the real shit
jobs: dirty hits, disposing of corpses, holding off the
anything
you can think of that you know they're not going to
want to do.

cops while everyone else gets away clean

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

VV oy ov Y Wis. ov Vv Ve) = Vo

Sp See Gee: Sak ae, SE Tins Ta as

-A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Equal Rights

What if one of your players' characters is
female?

As discussed earlier, women do not hold
official positions within the Mafia. Any
authority they hold — and many of them do
hold quite a bit — comes from their ability to
throwaround the name of their husband/father/
son/boyfriend/brother/whatever. Some people
may enjoy the challenge involved in roleplaying
haracter, but others might not

Your optionsare, unfortunately, not as varied
as they might be in another sort of chronicle.

such a

If you want to play an active female
character in a Mafia game, you might be able to
squeeze by playing an associate. It's just possible
that a female operative could prove her value
sufficiently that the capos would be willing to
use her as an additional gun. She'll never be

made unc

any circumstance:
never hold any real power, save ov

citizens she can intimidat

The same holds true for characters of non-
Italian ancestry. There's no reason to limit
your players to Italian characters (unless you
have other, story-related reasons for doing so,
of course). And people of other nationalities
traditionally hold some positions, such as
consigliore. But again, it is your job to make sure
that your players who choose to play non-
Italian characters go into this with their eyes
open, knowing full well that they'll never rise
in the ranks.

Unfair? Absolutely; but it's also the way
the Mafia operates.

As Storyteller, of course, you alw
the option of saying "Well, the Mafia works
differently in my world," and allowing anyone
ian or

s hav

to hold any position, male or female, It
otherwise. If this makes your game run more
smoothly, go for it; but you'll lose a substantial
amount of Mafia feel.

Maybe, if you're really nice, you'll even let them
get made one day and move up a notch. Assuming
they've got the right ancestry to be made, of course;
if not, they're stuck at this level forever.

Remember, too, that you cantorment them with
all your other Storyteller characters. Let them make
some enemies among the sgarristas. They can't do
much of anything aboutit, can they? If The Godfather
is goodfor inspiration for high-ranked stories, you'll
definitely want toygive Goodfellas a look for these
poor slobs.

But hey, that's what your characters wanted,
right?

Mixing and Matching

Not all the characters, of course, need to have
the same level of authority. It would be a simple

matter for one player to portray the capo in charge of

acrew consisting of a mixture of made men and non-
made men— in this case, the other players' characters.
Having one character portray the don while the
others are sgarristas might be a bit tougher, as the Don
rarely involves himself directly in his operatives'
activities, but a resourceful group might find a way to
pull it off.

This sort of situation works, however, only
when you're dealing with a group of mature players,
all of whom have agreed to the situation beforehand.
It's never a wise idea to put one player in charge of
the others unless it's been agreed upon in advance.
Some players dislike their characters being made
subservient to another player's character. Others
feel like the group's leader will almost invariably
hog the spotlight (acommon tendency anda mistake
on the part of the Storyteller, one you should watch
for if you do intend to set up your chronicle in this
fashion). Ultimately, a mixed group isn't for
everybody; make sure your players are okay with the
idea before you start planning.

Conflict

As with nearly any story of any sort, the primary
defining characteristic of a Mafia chronicle is conflict
(that's "conflict," not "combat"; despite what
people would have you believe, a substantial
difference exists between the two). Once you've
chosen a starting point for your players, you need to
decide what the conflict is for any given story. Not
every plotline has to revolve around Mafia-specific
issues — maybe you want to have a story in which
your characters happen to get caught ina flood —but
we're going to focus on those elements that are

some

Vo eVn ov VV 2 eee © Vom

CHAPTERFIVE:STORYTELLING

TT
109


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

A

specific to La Cosa Nostra. Many of these conflicts
impact the various levels of authority described above
in different ways, but they're all applicable in one
form or another.

As might be surmised, an internal conflict is one
that a character wages with herself. This can, in the
hands of a good Storyteller and a good player, prove
to be one of the most intense and most horrific stories
to be told in a World of Darkness game.

A character normally develops inner turmoil of

this sort as the result of a moral quandary. Hollywood
has given us the notion of the noble mobster. Yes, he
does all these hideous things, but it's all for the good
of family. He's torn, forced to do evil to protect what
he loves most. Every day it's a new fight, a desperate
struggle to reconcile who he is with what he must do.

Of course, if that's a little over the top for you,
even the most hideously immoral, nastiest, vilest of
people normally have some line they won't cross,
some behavior that violates even their own anemic
sense of right and wrong. Some players in a Mafia story
might decide that their characters have no problem
slaughtering other wiseguys but won't touch women
or children. Others may consider even children fair
game, but balk at harming priest. Another might be
willing to kill justabout anyone, but he'll cut off his
own right hand before hurting a cat. The point is that

even the most jaded, violence-inured characters should
have some limits to what they're willing to do — and
you, as the Storyteller, can force them to push those
limits and see how they react.

(As a side note, it is possible that some players
will want to portray mafiosi purely as an outlet for
their own emotions and to play a character who truly
has no limits. Such people do exist, and it's not an
impossible character — but it really isn't much fun to
roleplay the Terminator in a setting of this sort. You
have the right to veto such characters in your
chronicle. Use that power wisely, but don't hesitate
to use it.)

The mobster wracked with guilt or otherwise
stuck in a moral quandary is an old standby of Mafia
fiction, and that's because it works. Michael Corleone,
after everything he'd done, wanted nothing more
than to turn the entire Family legit before he died, to
pass on something pure to those who came after him.
The don trying to go straight, the soldier who turns
state's evidence because his orders finally crossed the
line — or, alternatively, who grits his teeth and
blows away the kids as he was ordered, and watches
that much more of his humanity (or Humanity) slip
away: All of these situations provide viable plots for
a Mafia game.

The introduction of a conflict of this sort is also
the perfect way for the Storyteller to drive home the
horror of what mafiosi — and the characters —

Humanity

The morality of the Mafia is a particularly sticky spot when it comes to Kindred characters. It's bad

enough for the average mortal (or even werewolf, imbued, mage or what have you) to slowly sin

into

the depths of depravity, but when the Kindred fall, they fall hard. For most vampires, it is only by
desperately clinging to their precious Humanity that they can stave off the ravages of the Beast.

going to ha

ahard time with that in La Cosa Nostra. Many mafiosi truly don't care about

icable acts they commit. Sometimes they justify it by claiming it's "all for the Family," or they
s like it's going out of style. None of those options is viable in the long term for the Kindred;

justifying horrif
them advance mt OF. allow them to SUrviV

acts is

di g speeds.

actly what gets them into trouble. The same behavior that is going to let
— in the Mafia is going to plunge them into Wassail at truly

Most vampires, then, prefer to maintain contacts and alliances within the Mafia, rather than

become members outright. A rare few —

h as Cardona's brood on the isle of Malta —

actually are

part of the Mafia and have the strength of will to hold onto the last dregs of their Humanity, though

it's a near thing for most of them.

Is all this meant to discourage Kindred mafiosi? Not at all; if anything, we say go for it! Again,
however, it is the Storyteller's job to ensure that the player knows precisely what she's in for before she

sets pencil to character sheet.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Veer ree. Vv VV VO VV Av NV VV OVO VG TV YY a

—_4_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

actually do. It's all too easy for characters and players
both to forget that ruining people's lives is what they
do. Take the opportunity to remind them, poignantly,
and see how the player respond.

Gore is not the best way to handle this sort of
revelation. A character who's just planted a car
bomb and watched from afar as it detonates might be
revolted, but not particularly stricken with guilt,
should some of the victim's blood happen tovtain
down into the street before him.

If, instead, what lands at his feet is the seared
head of a little girl's doll, with a fine mist of blood
sprayed across its formerly pink cheeks, the character
— and the player — might stop for a moment and
really think about what's been done.

Storytellers be warned, however. You cannot
force an internal conflict onto a player who doesn't
want one. No matter how many tough moral decisions
you throw at him, no matter how many hints that the
character's actions are becoming more and more
vile, the player's going to respond to them only if he
wants to.

You can make an effort to nudge your players in
this direction. Mortals in the World of Darkness
have a Humanity score. Although a mortal lacks the
Beast that rages within vampires, she is still quite
capable of falling into a bottomless moral pit.
Humanity is used to measure that degradation of
morality, and the Storyteller is well within her rights
to insist that players choose their actions at least
partially based on that Humanity score.

Still, it can be an uphill struggle. If your group
consists of experienced players who enjoy getting
into their characters' heads, give them this sort of
quandary to deal with however they see fit. If they
lean toward the more action-oriented style of play,
however, you might do better simply to skip such
internal conflicts entirely and move on to something
that can be more easily defined by the dice.

External Conflicts

Anexternal conflict, obviously, is one in which
the character or characters are pitted against an
outside opponent. The trick, though, is finding
suitable conflicts for the characters that have that
particular Mafia feel. Some of them focus
specifically on the players' characters, whereas
others affect the entire Family, but they're all very
distinctly Mafia-esque.

Character Versus Superiors

This one's.a bit tough to pull off if one of the
characters is the don, butit's absolutely perfect for
anyone else — and even'the don might have trouble
saying no to the Commission.

The Mafia is perfectly set up for this sort of story.
As discussed above, if a wiseguy is given an order by
asuperior, he follows it. He has no choice. Obviously,
practical limits to this exist — no sane sgarvista is
going to agree toa suicide bombing, for instance. But
beyond the blatantly ridiculous, anything goes.

This setup can lead perfectly to a moral conflict
of the sort discussed above. Mafiosi don't just obey
orders out of fear of punishment (though that fear
may certainly be a motivating factor); they do it
because they've been taught that following orders is
the right thing to do. Refusing to follow such an order
actually goes against their morals and the
aforementioned code of rispetto.

The Storyteller can have a great deal of fun with
this. Ifthe characters have always made a point of not
harming innocents, have their capo order them to hit
a traitor's children. If they have friends working at a
particular restaurant, give them the ordertto burn it
down for failing to pay once too often. This isn't just
Storyteller cruelty; the Mafia often makes a point of
ordering friends to hit friends. It proyes loyalty.

At the same time, don't overdo it. Not every
order — not even a significant minority of them —
can be unpalatable, or else the players are going to
start getting upset. One or two distasteful orders
make fora good story; 12 probably make fora miserable
chronicle.

Conflict with those above need not be limited to
following (or disobeying) orders. Capos worry about
their underlings replacing them. Dons see traitors in
every run of bad luck. And absolutely everyone holds
grudges for even the tiniest offenses. If your boss
doesn't like you, your life is going to become very
difficult, and there's not a damn thing you can do
about it— openly, at least. How does a sgarrista— or
even better, a group of associates, who have no right
to stand up to any made man, let alone their direct
superior—fight back against a capo who's deliberately
giving them the most reprehensible and dangerous
jobs? The Storyteller can construct entire stories
around the characters' attempts to find some way to
make the bastard back off without breaking the rules
and taking him on directly.

Vinv =v ow TV ONE eS ove VY we LON Sarva > Von ie

CHAPTER FIVE:STORYTELLING

"Ty
Il


=
112

Character Versus Underlings

This example is the flip side of the previous one.
Having just hammered home the point that one's
superiors are always to be obeyed, how could any of
the character's subordinates pose a threat?

The characters, frankly, aren't the only schemers
in the Mafia. Associates want to be made men,
sgarristas want to be capos, capos want to be capos
bastone, capos bastone want to be dons. Nobody can
move openly, of course, but how often are sabotage
and assassination open? If the players hold any rank
at all, it's almost guaranteed that someone beneath
them watches them with hungry eyes and an itchy
trigger finger.

The fact that the characters may be "in charge"
doesn't give them carte blanche to deal with the
situation. The rules about not killing made men
apply to everyone, even if the wiseguy in question is
of lower rank than the characters. Associates are a
little easier to take care of, but even they can't be
killed without good reason; they're too useful.
Furthermore, the last thing any mafioso wants is a
reputation for killing his subordinates. That only
encourages them to move against him all the quicker.

Notall problems from below come in the form of
attempted coups. The Storyteller may simply stick
the characters witha truly incompetent underling,
one whose foolishness is endangering the characters'
operations — and yet whose close blood ties to the
don mean they have to walk very carefully around
him, despite his lack of any real authority. On the
other hand, perhaps the underlings are spies for the
don, who has been led to believe (correctly or not)
that the characters are conspiring against him. Or
the underlings have, in their spare time, engaged in
some side ventures that have now gone sour and
threaten the entire crew, or even the entire Family.
The underlings must stall or, if necessary, remove the
characters before their misbehavior comes to light.

Characters Versus the Family

By setting the characters against a substantial
portion of the Family, the Storyteller can really put
them in a bind. Presumably, the characters haven't
managed to get the entire Family mad at them, or else
the story is quickly going to become a desperate game
of hide-and-seek. While this sort of story can be a lot
of fun, the Storyteller probably doesn't want to push
things to that level until and unless she's prepared to
move the chronicle away from the Mafia into other

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

venues, as the characters (if they somehow manage
tosurvive at all) will probably not be welcomed back.
Consider that this setup needn't indicate direct
confrontation. As always, the conflict can be waged
a lot more quietly.

If the don himself supports the Family behavior
with which the characters come into conflict, this
sort of plot can greatly resemble a characters versus
superiors story, but a subtle difference exists. In this
case, it's not that the don has a personal grudge
against the characters (or vice versa), but rather that
the characters and the don disagree on what is best
for the Family.

For instance, suppose the characters are of the
younger generation. They may feel that the various
traditions to which the "Old Man" clings are slowing
down the Family. They could accomplish so much
more, they feel, if the restrictions were relaxed just
a bit. This attitude puts the characters at odds with
the Family as a whole, in attitude if not in action,
and yet it doesn't pit them directly against any
single opponent. The reverse is also possible. The
characters may be members of the old guard, trying
to find a way to rein in the younger portion of the
Family — which is now, unfortunately, the majority
— without turning the confrontation violent or
attracting police attention.

Inany case, the tricky part of intra-Family conflict
is that it must be waged politically. Any overt use of
violence can erupt into a bloody conflagration. The
characters may wind up in a race to determine
whether they can maneuver their rivals intoa position
where action may be taken against them legitimately
before their enemies do the reverse.

Although stories involving the Family as
adversary don't lend themselves to violent
confrontation, they can turn out that way. They are
rare, but "civil wars" — that is, prolonged, armed
conflict within a Family — are hardly unheard of. A
story of that sort can turn the entire Family order on
its head, allowing characters to grab for positions far
above those they've held — or to be thrown down
amongst the lowest giovane d'honore.

Characters Versus the Law

Cops and robbers is the classic story, with some
peculiar twists when it comes to La Cosa Nostra. At
times, the FBI or various other law-enforcement
agencies will focus their attention on an entire Mafia
Family, and the characters can be assigned to deal


trabbold

with the problem in whatever fashion they think
best. In other instances, though, a particular detective
or federal agent might focus on a specific mafioso or
crew — in this case, the characters — which can
make for a much more personal feel than a general
"the Family's being investigated" story.

When this happens, the Family as a whole often
takesastep back, distancing itself from the potential
problem until they see whether the characters are
competent enough to handle it themselves. A
particularly dogged agent or team of agents can
make an effective recurring adversary for a Mafia
chronicle. The players want to be Capone? Give
them an Elliot Ness.

Some of your players might consider it expedient
to have their characters take the snooping officer out
of the picture and bury him in a shallow grave
somewhere. By all means, let them. The shitstorm
they'll reap when the officer's entire department
follows up on his investigations will make it all
worthwhile. There's a reason the Mafia normally
keeps its hands off the cops, and it's not because they
particularly like the folks in blue.

\ i ie ie mae Mn Se Glee Se Me Min ca Gam Me (ae, Gm ia Sm Aa Aa

No, the characters are going to have to find
other, less bloody ways to handle any police problems
you throw at them. Bribery is often.a favorite — until
you decide that the cop they've been paying off wants
more, pronto. Or maybe the players are under
surveillance, only gradually becoming aware of the
situation. You can squeeze several stories out of
nothing more than their attempts to permanently
elude the pursuit and to find out what the cops
already know.

Ifit does finally come down toashootout between
the players and the cops, it's important for the
Storyteller to remember that, in any extended
conflict, the police always win. Read that again.
Even with towering werewolves or deathless vampires,
the cops are always going to win. Yes, when it first
begins, the characters might have the heavier
armaments and the better shooters — but the longer
it drags out, the more cops show up. Eventually, the
heavier weaponry gets called out, and very few players'
characters can stand up to a SWAT team. Don't
portray the police as pushovers. They're just about
the most dangerous opponents any character in the

~~ |

CHAPTER FIVE:STORYTELLING


=
114

World of Darkness could face.

The law takes forms other than just the police,
though. If the characters are portraying the upper
echelons of a Family or mobsters who hold seats on
the Commission, they may find themselves targeted
not only by the FBI but also by the IRS. If they're truly
important, the Storyteller might even want to stage
a Senate hearing, such as the one quoted above from
The Godfather Part II. Poke holes in their veneer of
respectability, until they're absolutely scrambling to
patch things up before the cops find some real
evidence.

Characters Versus Rival Families

Be it political or physical, Mob warfare makes for
almost the quintessential Mafia story. It shows its
ugly head in the vast majority of Mafia-related movies
and fiction, and it captures headlines across the
nation when it erupts in real life.

It's easy for the Storyteller to involve characters
at any level of the Mafia in a war of this sort. The
sgarristas and the associates are on the front lines.
When the lead flies and the blood spills, these are
the guys doing the killing — and the bleeding. A
war story of this sort should be fast-paced, full of
action, though action need not mean scene after
scene of rampant combat, Planningastrike, escaping
a hit, trying to elude the police after killing one of
your rivals — these are all critical components of
waging war.

The don andhis lieutenants have iteven tougher
in some ways. No, they're not on the front lines, not
ducking bullets nearly as often. But when the enemy
makes a deliberate hit, these guys will be the targets.
So, while arranging for their own protection, the
bosses are also scrambling to keep up the Family's
appearance of respectability, warding off the probes
of both the press and the police, and trying to
strategically outthink the enemy. The players, not
just the characters, are going to have to think
tactically in this sort of game, as they are in charge
of the war effort, and they will determine which way
the war goes. Storytellers should be quick to reward
creative tactics and equally quick to take advantage
of mistakes.

The Storyteller can adda healthy dose of political
maneuvering within the Family as well, regardless of
where the characters stand in the hierarchy. The
characters' subordinates take the opportunity
provided by the chaos to try to move up in the ranks.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

The group's superiors take to giving all sorts of orders
that make no sense. The characters can either follow
these orders —at the risk of being killed or losing the
war = or ignore them at the risk of being killed by
their own Family before they can investigate the
purpose of those strange orders. The characters might
receive information suggesting that the war is, in
fact, covering up for something bigger. In sucha case,
they need to find out what it is so they can put a stop
to the conflict before both Families are left in ruins.

One particularly complex, yet ultimately
rewarding war story is to have the players portraying
characters on both sides. Yes, they can be fighting
against one another, but it might be more interesting
to force them to work together, either to end the war
or to avert an even greater threat. They'll have to
operate in secret, because they'll be marked as traitors
by their own people if word gets out that they're
consorting with the enemy.

Yet another way the Storyteller might wish to
approach a war story is to have the players portraying
members of a third Family, one not involved in the
war. Their duties might not involve fighting at all,
but simply trying to protect their own interests or to
mediate for the feuding Families. Perhaps, at the
behest of the Commission, they're involved in trying
to cover up evidence of the other Families' warfare,
to keep the worst of the violence from reaching the
newspapers or the cops. Characters don't have to be
directly involved in the war to be affected by it.

Characters Versus Other Criminals

The mafiosi are far from the only criminals
wandering the streets, and it's hardly uncommon for
interests to clash head on. Sometimes when that
happens, arrangements can be made. At other times,
the Mafia once again goes to war.

War with other criminals can be a bloodier affair
than even war between Families. When two Families
go at it, they've usually got a pretty good idea of who
they're trying to hit, where they need to strike to
cripple the enemy fast. And if they get too far out of
line, they always have the other Families or the
Commission to slap them back into true.

When war is waged against crooks outside the
Mafia, such information is harder to come by, no
outside authority will step in if things go too far —
well, none except the cops and the Feds, and nobody
wants them to get involved.


-A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Street Thugs

Sometimes, the little guys refuse to follow the
tules. Whether it's an independent crew that's been
stealing from the Mafia's casinos, a small-time hood
extorting from shopkeepers in the characters'
territory, or even an urban street gang muscling in on
a Family's turf, La Cosa Nostra sometimes butts
heads with criminals who would normally seem too
small to draw their attention.

It would seem that such a conflict'shouldn't pose
much of a problem. The Mafia should be able to step
in and squash small operators like the bugs they are,
right? Nope; it's your job as Storyteller to make sure
the characters find themselves facing an actual
challenge in bringing down these guys.

Sure, even a single Family-backed crew can
probably take downa band of thievesand extortionists
— if they can find them. But where are you going to
look? Knowing that they operate in, say, the greater
New York area doesn't narrow down the field very
much. Even when you've found them, most criminals
these days pack some impressive firepower. Even as
well equipped as the Mafia is, going up against a
street gang in a toe-to-toe showdown is no laughing
matter. And what about whoever's supplying the
gang's drugs? Remember that some of these "petty"
crooks have the backing of organizations just as nasty
as the one to which the characters belong.

Other Organizations

As dangerous as they might be to a single crew,
small operations like those mentioned above aren't
a long-term threat to a Family as a whole. When the
outsiders get organized, though, even the Mafia has
cause to worry.

Throughout the world, one can find literally
dozens of crime organizations that are either
comparable to the Mafia or at least approaching the
same league. Chinese triads, Japanese Yakuza, South
American cartels, Russian mafiyas, Jamaican posses,
Nigerian gangs — the international crime scene is
getting downright crowded. Furthermore, each and
every one of these organizations has some interest in
the United States, the land of opportunity, and one
of La Cosa Nostra's primary stomping grounds. War
has long since moved past "inevitable." It's damn
near constant.

With a war of this sort, it's much harder for the
characters to specifically target the enemy's weak
points, as they're unlikely to have a clear idea of what
those weak points are. Storytellers may wish to

involve their players with gathering information,
rather than simply engaging them in constant
shootouts. Make them dis¢over where the enemy
leader is holed up, orwhich businesses they skim
money from, before they can even begin to wage war
effectively. In thesinterim, the violence is bloody,
random andusually accomplishes nothing more than
taking out some of the hired guns.

Truly devious Storytellers may want to work the
characters into a three-way war. Mafia versus the
triads versus a cartel-backed street gang, for instance.
Or perhaps it's the Mafia, the Russian Mob, and the
cops mixing it up (while the Mafia is often paid to
advisé up-and-comers such as the Russian Mob, that
doesn't mean their interests never clash). Even better,
pit two rival Mafia Families in a three-way war with
the Yakuza. It's enough to make the characters' —
and the players' — heads spin.

But why be obvious? Not every enemy organization
theplayersmightrun up against isacriminal organization
in the traditional sense of the word. Whatabout terrorist
groups? No, one doesn't normally think of the Mafia
running in those circles, but groups like the IRAand the
Basque Separatists have to get their arms from
somewhere. The Mafia's not a particularly/large arms
dealer to these organizations but they do interact from
time to time, and if they interact, sooner or later
(sooner, given the temperament of most Storytellers) a
deal's going to go bad.

As another suggestion, maybe the organization
you're pitting your players against is a fringe group of
some sort. Suppose the players represent the main
strength of a small Mafia Family — maybe even just
a tiny collection of crews in a relatively small city.
Now suppose that, after a massive economic slump,
the local branch of the Klan or the Aryan Nation
decides it's the fault of "all the damn wops!" A war of
that sort is eventually going to go badly for the fringe
group. Even if they manage to take out the small
presence the Mafia has locally, word will eventually
reach the Families, and they're not going to want to
let the precedent stand, but in the short term, it can
prove dangerous in the extreme for the characters.

Characters Versus the Supernatural

As mentioned earlier, this game is still set in the
World of Darkness—and that means the characters are
going to have todeal with things far worse than they are.
AStoryteller has several ways to approach such clashes,
whilestill keeping both the feel ofa Mafiachronicleand

the horror of the supernatural alive.

WoEVeorv TY vas ee eww ow

CHAPTER FIVE:STORYTELLING


Ignorant Characters
Sometimes, the best games are ones in which the
characters, if not the players, are ignorant of the
various awful truths of the World of Darkness. Run
the game as though the characterswwere "standard,"
real-world mafiosi utterly unaware that they are far
from the worst predators to stalk the night. Slowly,
over the course of games, they learn that these other
things exist.

What does this crew of wiseguys do when they
discover that there's a reason everything seems to go
wrong when they try to shake down that mousy
occult bookstore owner? When the guy sent to whack
them suddenly gets up — and up, and up — from a
hail of bullets, suddenly sprouting fur and Bowie
knife-sized claws in the bargain? When they learn
that the "business associate" of the don's is feeding
him more than scungilli at their meetings, and the
entire Family now dances at some undead creature's
whim?

Many players are skilled enough at portraying
characters to act only on what their characters know,
even if the player herself has memorized the rulebooks.

trabhald

Still, the Storyteller is encouraged to throw even the
most experienced player for a loop. If the characters
are supposed to be ignorant, make the players ignorant
as well. Change the rules. Alter Gifts, Spheres and
Disciplines. Be consistent with your new rules, but
change things up just enough so that the players, like
the characters, have no clue what to expect.

The slow revelation of the true nature of the
world the characters thought they understood can
make forasense of creeping horrorsimply unavailable
in games where the characters assume the "facts"
already. Finally, as they begin to piece it all together,
the chronicle will slowly shift focus toward a slightly
different style of play.

Characters in the Know

Once you've played through the characters' slow
understanding of the world around them (or if you've
decided to begin your chronicle with the characters
already aware of the supernatural) the story can still
go in wildly different directions. It's particularly
important for the Storyteller to be prepared for
multiple eventualities here, as there's no way for him
to be certain which way the players are going to

=
116

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

VY @urrr ray. .Y Vv VV iiv vVWV V.VVivVoV iV


jump. If you've played up the nastiness of the creatures
they've encountered, the players will probably think
of them as the enemy, but — assuming they aren't
completely cowed by the Delirium — they just might
try to make the big, furry maniac an offer.
Alternatively, despite all your hints that the strange
guy with the bad vibes and the phobia of churches
can make the characters very rich and powerful, the
players may decide that he's a threat and try to blow
him away.

Opportunistic as most wiseguys are, there's a
good chance they'll end up working with some
supernatural entity at some point or another. This
eventuality opens up all sorts of story possibilities for
the Storyteller. Most of the supernatural creatures in
the World of Darkness have their own conflicts and
their own goals, and they have no qualms about
dragging mortal colleagues in with them. One of the
Kindred might be using her influence over the don to
acquire bodyguards. Imagine a Mafia crew as the
peacekeepers and doormen at an Elysium, or as the
sheriff's high-caliber backup! Perhaps the company
the characters are trying to muscle out of town
happens to be a subsidiary of everybody's favorite
holding company, Pentex, effectively putting the
crooks on the same side as the Garou.

Of course, not all collaborations of this sort will
focus on supernatural politics. Sometimes, the mage
or mummy or whatever the eldritch thing happens to
be just wants to establish his own territory among the
various squabbling Mafia factions. Smart mafiosi are
going to realize very quickly that having a boss who
can control people's minds, alter probability or take
on an entire crew in a straight-up brawl can help
them go pretty damn far in the underworld.

When the players have decided that the
circumstances are all opportunity and no drawbacks,
that's the best time to hit them in the face with the
dark and gritty side of the coin. Slowly start
immersing the players in their ally's horrific
behavior. Blood-drinking, murderous rampages —
as the characters get deeper and deeper, play up the
inhumanity of their ally. Eventually, even hardened
wiseguys should find themselves sickened at the
thought of their own behavior.

Let the characters sweat between their ally and
their Family. Does the Family even know about this
creature, or are the characters working on their own?
Did they bond themselves to the vampire to gain the
power of a ghoul? If so, what happens when their

domitor has something for them to do on the same
night the don expects them to'attend a meeting with
him? Or worse, when he starts giving orders that
conflict with the Family's interests? Who do the
playersside with (assuming they even have achoice)?
And at what cost?

Alternatively, characters might not work with
the supernatural at all. Maybe they view these
creatures as perversions of God's order (many mafiosi
are devout Catholics, after all), or they simply view
them as competition, but for whatever reason, the
players may decide that these things are the enemy.

The Storyteller is encouraged to play up the
irony for all it's worth. In this sort of story, the Mafia
—orat least your characters' small corner of it—has
actually become something of a protector of humanity,
éven if that wasn't their intention. The players are at
a severe disadvantage, of course. They have no
mystical powers, no supernatural strength, and they
tend to stay down when shot or raked with claws.
Then again, wiseguys are nothing if not persistent,
and they often have access to enough weaponry to
make even a Silver Fang think twice about getting
back up. They might just have a chance.

No less horrific than a story in which the
characters are working with the supernatural, the
horror of this sort of story is a much*more visceral
thing. The horror of "Dear God, what have I done?!"
is very different from the horror of "Dear God, what
is that AAAGGHHHH?!" but they're both quite
effective as storytelling tools.

Supernatural Characters

Although World of Darkness: Mafia is geared
largely toward "normal" human characters, there's
certainly no reason you can't run a chronicle in
which some (orall) of the characters are supernatural
creatures themselves. Not all werewolves spend their
days fighting the Wyrm (though a case could almost
be made that they are, in fact, aiding the Wyrm by
joining the Mafia). Not all mages have ulterior goals
beyond enriching themselves by any means necessary.
Not all imbued choose to use their newfound powers
in the way they were intended. Like any profitable
and powerful enterprise in the World of Darkness,
the Mafia's going to have its fair share of members
who are more — or less — than human.

That said, it's vital that the Storyteller keeps a
tight reign on the creation of such a crew, in order to
keep it from becoming some comic-book society of
supervillains. For a Mafia crew to just happen to

CHAPTER FIVE:STORYTELLING

17

en

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A—A—A—_A_A_A

The Mafia as Adversary

La Cosa Nostra provides all sorts of plot elements — and not all of them require that the

characters be a part of that not-so-august organiz

use them as such?

Characters might be police or other law-enforcement officer
biggest Family. Alternatively, they might

city

ion. Mafiosi are "bad guys," after all; why not

slowly working to shut down their
imply be shopkeepers, truck drivers, city

councilmen, rich homeowners, the jury in a Mafia trial — anyone with the misfortune of having
something (or even being something) the Mafia wants. Or they might be criminals, but not wiseguys,
trying to move in on Cosa Nostra territory or preparing to defend their own interests from Mafia

incursion.
The Mafia mak

a great adversary for supernatural characters (and their players) who are

convinced of humanity's inferiority. Many players fall into the trap of scoffing at mortal Storyteller

characte

s, thinking of themas nothing more than food or victims. The Mafia, though, keeps coming

at you. They come after you, your friends and your family. They're wonderful for making your
players sit up and take notice of the people who populate the World of Darkness.

One option available to particularly experienced Storytellers is "camera switching." Let the
players create two groups of characters — one group of mafiosi, and one group of cops, normal folk,

"standard" World of Darkne
to the fi
a given ses:

sion. This changing allows the pla

both the underground, violent brutality of the M

repercussions of those actions.

This technique can get confusing,

monsters, or anyone else who mi
t group. Switch back and forth over the course of a chronicle, or even over the course of
ers to see both sides of the equation, participating in
afia and experiencing the emotional and physical

es, and inexperi

t find themselves in opposition

nced players may find themselves making

use of out-of-character knowledge between groups. For players who can handle it, though, it allows
complete immersion in a storyline that is unattainable through one side of the conflict or the other.

include a vampire, a mage, a changeling anda ratkin
is not only, damn near mathematically impossible,
it's just silly. Far more likely, a crew.consists of a
Kindred and his ghouls, or an entire werewolf pack
that has run together since before they were mafiosi.
If you must have a mixed bag, consider a more
deliberate cause behind the crew's formation. Perhaps
the don, fully aware of the supernatural creatures in
his Family, deliberately put this crew together for a
specific purpose. Of course, the boss is probably not
aware of the animosity most of these creatures have
for one another, and it's entirely possible the crew
will tear itself apart before they've spent two nights
together. Still, Family loyalty may keep them away
from each other's throats just long enough to
accomplish a specific goal.

And the goal should be specific. It's unlikely in
the extreme that sucha group could function together
for the long term — not impossible, of course, as this
is your game to do with as you please, but unlikely.

Again, such a setup allows the Storyteller all
sorts of opportunities to turn the screws on the

characters. Even if they have no interest in the
standard maneuverings and politics of their own
"species," that's no guarantee they'll be able to avoid
them. For instance, a Mafia crew hijacks a truck full
of bleeding-edge computer hardware. Unfortunately,
that shipment belonged to a company in which the
local Kindred prince has a great deal of influence.
Under normal circumstances, the prince, while
furious, might chalk it up to bad luck. Should he
catch wind that there was another vampire in the
crew, though, it becomes enemy action — even if the
poor Kindred involved had no idea who he was
fucking with. Ora group of imbued who have banded
together for mutual protection discover that the guy
strong-arming the shops in their old neighborhood is
one of their own — one of their own who's clearly
misusing his power, and needs to be taught a lesson.
This last is particularly effective if the imbued learn
only that the criminal in question has supernatural
abilities, without learning their precise nature. They
may embark on the hunt assuming that he is a
vampire or a mage, learning only later on that he is,

=
118

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Viger wr apvuvY Viv VovV Viv Vv WV ov sv Vv OV Sv Vo

in fact, just like them. The self-doubt and soul-searching
to follow — if even we couldn't tell the difference
between one of us and one of them, then what are we?
—can drive an entire story on their own.

Characters Versus Real Life

Conflict, as mentioned earlier, doesn't necessarily
equal combat. There need not be a specific adversary,
or even a specific objective, for every story.
Sometimes, a Storyteller can extracta.great deal of
drama from a simple "day in the life" story — anda
day (or a night) in the life of a mafioso in the World
of Darkness can be very dramatic indeed.

Think of all the various little problems and tasks
that face a wiseguy in a standard "business" day. He
has to make the rounds of his subordinates, make sure
their operations are all going smoothly; collect from
those who've borrowed from him or those he
"protects"; deal with whatever orders are coming
down from above, possibly even meet with the capo
or the don and explain why he's not bringing in as
much as he did last year. He has to deal with the
recent police raid on the illegal casino in the back of
his bar; avoid the maneuvering of his rival in the
downtown crew; and, quite possibly, satisfy the
demands of any supernatural allies, or maybe even
his own inhuman nature.

And while he's doing all this, he's more than
likely trying to juggle a family life. Not all mafiosi
have families, of course, but most have either steady
girls or wives (or both), and many even have kids.
The Family likes it when you look respectable, and
damn it, you will look respectable, no matter who (or
what) you have to marry to do it.

Sure, the Storyteller can incorporate all of this
into other plots (and is in fact encouraged to do so).
A rival Family can hit a character's casino, or the
Yakuza kidnap his daughter, or a Kindred rival have
one of her police ghouls assigned to the ongoing
racketeering investigation. But even without these
larger machinations, enough is going on at any given
time to provide multiple games' worth of story ideas,
just by following the wiseguys through the course of
their normal activities.

Perhaps more surprisingly, a "normal life" Mafia
story is rich with horrific potential. Nothing
emphasizes the horror ofacharacter's bloody behavior
like juxtaposing it with scenes of a tranquil, suburban
home life. Simply cutting from a character's weekly
dinner with friends and family to scenes of the

character's crew beating an informant to death with
a crowbar can drive home thé point more strongly
than any Humanity roll.

And what happens when little Paulie, the
character's 12-year-old son, decides he wants to see
what Daddy's up,to every night and hides in the
back of the‘car? What happens when he watches
the crowbar rise and fall, hears the bones break, sees
what his father truly is? Or when the other wiseguys
realize the kid has seen all this... and that he's now
a witness?

Ajlixed Bag

One of the greatest challenges a Storytellér faces
when starting a new chronicle is deciding how to
bring the players' characters — often very different
sorts of personalities — together. Ina Mafia chronicle,
it's easier than in some; odds are pretty good the
characters know one another already or at Jeast
answer to someone with the authority to bring them
together into a cohesive unit.

What happens, though, when a Storyteller, either
for reasons of her own or due to the desires of the
players, has to incorporate wiseguy chafacters into a
group that's not entirely Mafia-oriented?

If the characters are inhuman' in addition to
being mafiosi, it's not as difficult a feat as it might be.
Enough plots and stories can be found throughout
the various World of Darkness games to draw the
characters together. If anew pack of Garou is forming
in order to deal with a sudden upsurge in fomor
activity, for instance, does it really matter whether
the Glass Walker and the Shadow Lord are wiseguys
and the Bone Gnawer and the Silent Strider aren't?
If the city is under siege by the Sabbat, is the prince
going to care that some of the Kindred battling back
against the incursion are made men?

When the players are portraying normal mortals,
however, or when the Storyteller doesn't wish to
draw the characters into a monster-laden storyline
like the ones suggested, she can still bring together
such a disparate group without resorting to "You
meet in a bar over drinks, decide your abilities
complement each other and head out to slay the drag
—um, that is, thwart your underworld rivals."

Perhaps the single easiest way to incorporate
wiseguys and regular Joes and Janes is through friends
and family. Even people born into the Family are

Gee Ge A Gi SG See ea Ga Mi Ge Ga Mi Mae AD oo Ka Sa Se AR A

CHAPTER FIVE:STORYTELLING

TT
119


likely to have uninvolved friends, and maybe even
telatives, who chose a different path. Certainly,
individuals who had to work their way in still have
friends and family from their days before being made.
If one of those friends or relatives gets into trouble —
or, alternatively, if the wiseguy himself gets in hot
water and can't turn to the Family — well, what are
friends and family for, if not to help each other out of
ajam? Taken astep further, perhaps the group consists
of mafiosi and a few of their family who want to be
wiseguys, and insist on tagging along no matter what.
Although this situation may appear to be comic on the
surface, portraying a slow but inevitable loss of
innocence is truly a horrific experience and it can give
a good player something to sink her teeth into.

The whole "common enemy" concept works
wonders for convincing all sorts of people to
cooperate. If your chronicle is designed to portray the
supernatural in the World of Darkness as the enemy,
any and all types of characters can come together to
work against them. A mafioso, a college student, a
shopkeeper and a cop might all discover the horrors
that lurk in the shadows, and find themselves allied
against it. Yes, it reads more like a group from Call of
Cthulhu than the World of Darkness, but that doesn't
mean it can't work.

For added drama,put the characters in roles
adversarial to one anotheryuntil they're finally forced

V errr VY. VV V
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A4_<A

by circumstances to cooperate. For all that it's an
action movie cliché, there's real story potential in
making the wiseguys work with the cops against a
greater danger. That danger doesn't even have to be
supernatural, though a rampaging werewolf would
certainly do the job. If the city's been invaded by a
particularly brutal tong orJamaican posse that's making
things far too hot for the Mafia and the police both, a
covert alliance might indeed be in everyone's best
interests, just so long as the judge, the commissioner
and the justice department don't hear about it. And if
it turns out way down the road that the foe wasn't
entirely mundane, that there was indeed a Kue-jin or
a malicious wraith behind the incursion, well, that's
the way things work in these stories, isn't it?

Why limit your options to cops and robbers? If
some members of the group are playing mafiosi, let
other players portray the waiters and gamblers the
wiseguys are constantly shaking down. When the
tables turn, when everyone in the neighborhood
realizes that they've got vampires hunting them in
the alleys and that the cops are completely ignoring
their plight, you very well might have a Mafia hitman
working side-by-side with the local butcher and the
guy who sells flowers and newspapers on the street
corner. All working for a common goal — to make
the neighborhood safe enough for the Mafia to start
victimizing it again.


Obsequies

by Ed Hall

1. Waking

"—ama."

The woman in the hospital bed opened her
eyes, which fluttered for a moment and closed
again. The young man leaned forward on his cane
and spoke once more.

"Mama. Wake up, Mama. It's Salvatore."

The woman inhaled audibly. Her eyes opened,
and she said, "My baby."

A nurse stopped in the hallway at the open door
to the room. "Sir? I'm sorry, visiting hours—" Then
she realized that the woman in the bed was strug-
gling to sit up. The nurse ran across the hall and
activated an intercom. "Missus Ruggiero is awake,"
she said. "Get a doctor down here now."

IL Speaking
"Your doctors say the stroke couldn't have

made you lose all your Italian, Mama. They think

you don't want to understand it. So be it. We'll

speak English." Salvatore Ruggiero sat and waited

for his mother to reply.

Minutes passed.

@° °*

"Tell me what happened to your Uncle Emilio,
child," Cristina Ruggiero said finally. "No one else
is talking."

"No one else understands."

"You do?"

"Maybe."

"So?"

"Emilio went through the window of your hos-
pital room."

"I know that," Cristina said. "I heard him try to
call my name just before he fell. I told them that. I
heard every word he said as he sat here with me.
Every awful word. That's not what they're not
telling me."

Salvatore sat back and took his turn at silence.
At last, he said, "People in other buildings saw him
fall. Two of them swear he caught fire after he came
out the window."

"Are they calling it suicide?"

"They're calling it a mystery."

"Either way," Cristina said, "it's a closed
ceremony."

VirVrlv av =<Vi oe eV OV Ww Wey = GViWn Vo Van ven voor

EPILOGUE: OBSEQUIES


IIL Telling

"Pietro told me his,side of what happened in
Sicily. Emilio didn't tell you the real reason Pietro
came to see him."

"And what was it?" Cristina continued tochop
garlic as she spoke with her son.

"Everything you told me, | had heard from
Pietro," Salvatore said. "But after Emilio and the
others beat the Ben—the Communists, Pietro told
Emilio, and I quote, ‘I'm glad Papa's not alive to see
what a'monster his little boy grew up to be.' Pietro
cried when he told me that story."

Cristina scraped garlic into a skillet. She cov-
ered the four chopped garlic cloves with olive oil,
added a cube of butter and set a low flame under it
all. "How did Emilio react?"

"Pietro said Emilio was speechless." Salvatoré
paused as the scent of cooking garlic joined the
steam from boiling linguini in the tiny kitchen. He
said, "Where is my father?"

"Ddon't know."

"Why did youcome tothe United States, Mama?"
"To save my marriage. | failed."

Cristina quartered six plum tomatoes length-
wise. "Wherwe learned you were in a coma," she
said, "your father was convinced that Pietro had
involved you in'something... unsavory. He told me
that he suspected Pietro might be a pedophile
because your uncle had never married. I said that
was crazy talk. He said if we didn't remove you from
Pietro's care that he was leaving. Not just me, but
Italy. And he did. He came here, and I followed. But
it didn't matter." Cristina used a fork to capture one
strand of linguini, which she blew air at until it grew
cool. She bit it, nodded, and removed the pasta
from the fire for draining.

"Didn't you wonder what Uncle Pietro and I
did?"

"He told me you were receiving instruction in
Catholic mysticism. That was good enough for me."
Cristina removed the bubbling oil from its burner
before the garlic could brown.

Salvatore toyed with his knife, then said, "I
think, for him, that was true. Mama, there are
things I'm not supposed to tell you—"

"Then don't."

"No, this family has had more secrets than
anything else. That stops now."

oo
122

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MAFIA

Cristina shook the last drops of water from the
colander full of linguini and emptied its contents
into the warm oil. She added the tomatoes and
some grated Parmesan. She tossed the mixture with
pepper, then she divided it onto plates. She placed
one before her son and sat behind the other.

"Pietro was one of the Benandanti, Mama. So
was your father. So am I."

Cristina listened while they ate.

IV. Readying

"So the metal rod your uncle used to beat the
Man..."

"Aldo. Ennio's father."

"Tt was a Benandante sword?"

"It was Aldo's irreplaceable fennel sword. That's
why Pietro got so upset. But that name is mislead-
ing. In the living world, they're like huge wands. In
the Underworld, though, they're swords."

"You have one?"

"T lost my way among the dead before I could
forge one. Now, I don't need one."

"But this ghost storm... you make it sound so
dangerous."

"Tris. It's the beginning of the end of the world."

"You keep saying that."

"Because it's true. It's also true that Andreas
Giovanni won't be around to see it unfold. His
world will end before ours does. Did I tell you a
Giovanni killed Aldo?"

Cristina stared across the simple casket be-
tween her and Salvatore. "You believe a man like
your uncle deserves to be avenged?"

"Not at all," Salvatore said. "He conspired with
other evil men to evil ends. But that doesn't mean
a thing like Andreas deserves to exist."

The mortician joined them. He said, "Have you
decided, ma'am?"

Without looking at the man, Cristina said,
"This one, please."

V.Endings

Throughout the ceremony, Salvatore wore a
pair of tinted glasses that Cristina had not seen
previously. Afterward, in between fending off in-
vitations from decrepit mobsters, she asked how
long he had needed reading lenses. He smiled but
said nothing.

Vinvearv OVE © ow OV Ee SY. Vor Ve ev Vv Vir, =v va

_A _A _A _A_A _A_A_A_4_A_A__4A

Once the two-dozen people who had attended
the funeral were gone, Cristina asked the atten-
dants to gather the floral arrangements. Several
had been sent from overseas, and all bore the simple
message, in Italian or English, "Farewell, friend."

"Burn these, please," Cristina said. She
and Salvatore then turned to walk among the
gravestones.

"Did you see," she said, "that your uncle's pros
titutes all looked just like me when I was young?"

"What? No, I was busy noticing all the ghosts,"
Salvatore said. "How do mafiosi sleep at night with
so many dead people in tow?"

Cristina stopped walking and gripped Salvatore
by the wrist.

"So why can't you let go this vendetta against
the Giovannis? How will you live with other men's
blood on your hands?"

"The ones like Andreas already stopped breath-
ing. They just won't lie still. There are worse things
in the world than the Mafia, Mama."

Cristina stared across the marbled acres as wind
hissed amid the trees.

"I know, son. I know."

EPILOGUE:OBSEQUIES

|
|


NON ONO NO NON NN et at

WORLD OF DARKNESS: |

@0000
@0000
@0000

ame: Nature: Concept:
Player: Demeanar: Family:
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000 Charisma @0000 Perception.
Dexterity. @0000_ = Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence
Stamina @0000_—= Appearance. @0000_ Wits.

mI

Spm ES-REE area ne NRT

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. 00000 Animal Ken. ©0000 Academics 00000
Athletics 00000 _ Crafts. 00000 = Computer. 00000
Brawl 00000 Drive. 00000 _ Finance 00000
Dodge 00000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation. 00000.
Empathy. 00000 Firearms 00000 Law. 00000
Expression. 00000 Melee. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Intimidation ©0000 Perfomance 00000 Medicine. 00000
Leadership. 00000 Security. 00000 Occult 00000
Streetwise 00000 Stealth. OOO00O0 Politics OO0000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival 00000 _ Science 00000
Backgrounds Other Traits Virtues
OOOO0O 00000 Conscience. @0000
OOOO0O OO0000
OOOO0O OO0000
OOOO0O 00000 | Self-Control @0000
OO0O000 OO0000
OO0O00O0 OO00O0
00000 OO0O000 Courage. @0000
a ae
-— IMerits/Flaws Humanity Health
Bruised Oo
O000000000 Hurt 10
Injured ie |
Willpower Wounded 22
0000000000 Mauled = -2 0
oOooo0o0o00000 piped

— BloodPool! ———~
a
Oooo00

Incapacitated

-—— Experience

ET Oy Cy any EE Wy Cy ly EEN


ys
ie

f

N y4 as the most monstrous creature of the night.

| Poy
_<\ World of Darkness: Mafia
oy J | Includes:
a / — Character-creation rules for mortal Mob characters.

4
5S oa Vat Vw Vv iVOSxiFY:SOVYOViOVWY ViwVYVYiViOF:

WORLD OF DARKNESS:

This Thing of Ours

Like the supernatural denizens of the World of Darkness,

the "men of respect" are damned in their own unique way.

Beholden to tradition, threatened by ethics and forced by their
"me, nature to remain outside the society that sustains him,
4 the modern mobster is every bit as compelling a character

7,

{ = Storytelling advice for incorporating the Mafia into
\ a World of Darkness game.

— General information and setting-specific storylines.

WWW Ent WOLF.C

AM PIR

THE [TASQUE RADE!

VR

cin af
DARKNESS
