# File: Mage the Acension 2E.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


AUGUST JZ J995
fhE hOPIZON REALHI m1US

"They've taken the west wing, Chancellor: We have
Yo go."

Lord Gilmore turns slowly towards his aide, pain-
fully, unwilling to take his eyes away from the hideous
battle raging above them. In the night sky, Mercury rises
huge, blazing red — but dwarfed by the Technocracy's
dreadnought, speckled with the tiny silver ships of her
fleet, and crossed by the twisting, leprous-white form of
the unnamable thing that carries the Nephandi to war.

"What of the consors we sent to the Tower? Have
they returned? Are the guards with them?"

"The Tower has fallen, my Lord. The consors were
cut off," says the lesser mage, softly. "They won't be
returning."

His leader draws a long, shuddering breath, and the
aide can almost see the tendrils of Gilmore's countermagick
return from the defense of the Chantry, coiling inwards
to shield the last few buildings the Order of Hermes holds.
Beneath them the defenders turn, sensing the change,
fleeing towards the Library on which the two men stand.

"Open the portal, James."
‘And in the billowing smoke and powdered stone that alt
hang heavy in the air, Lord Edward Gilmore, 27th —and
last — Chancellor of the Fors Collegis Mercuris walks
through the door before him, and leaves his home forever.

WRIFfEN BY KATHLEEN RYAN
ART BYShAGGY

Napoleon never hears of this village. The names of the defenders are h
Tost, the attack remembered only as "Resistance met en route. Loss of 74
‘men, 23 horses."

The village is ashes; the fields are afire. The ground smolders where
it is not blood-soaked; the steam and smoke are one acrid, eye-searing,
sulfurous cloud. Not all the horses are dead — the maddened screams of
the broken beasts drown out all other sound.

Slowly, one by one, the survivors creep back into sight: children
Tunning to cut the animals' throats, old men digging, and the women —
like ravens in their widow's weeds — picking their way among the fallen,
wailing for their dead.

Mercedes Gonzaga de Ortiz finds her youngest son buried beneath the
torso of an officer. The boy flinches as she lifts the corpse, opens his eyes
feebly, and begins to shiver. He calls for her like a baby, and though she
speaks his name again and again (now furiously, now in a whisper, now in
despair) he does not know her. The cloak she wraps him in puddles with
blood, and her hands drip with fast-cooling crimson,

The boy takes one last, rattling breath — her own lungs seem to
‘break —and like a dream he leaves her; as a sunrise his soul surfaces in
his body. Dimly she feels another join them, and the black-clad stranger's
hands begin last rites for the dead. The soul-light changes, and she sees,
like the folds of a veil: the earth beneath them, the body, the hands of the
priest, the spirit of her son staring at the heavens, and an angel behind
her, merged with her, its hands as bloody as her own. The boy takes a step
forward, and vanishes from sight. Mercedes raises her eyes to those of the

priest, and the Moorish old man nods. So ——


SEBTEDIBER J,1995

Iris afternoon on Cerberus. Morning chores are long over, and the
lecture halls are empty. The disciples — mages in training — careen
about the corridors, making the most out of lunch on their way to their"
tutors, Laughter fills the central courtyard, and the master of the
Chantry (though he neither asks nor needs a title — he is simply the
Old Man, in any language) relaxes in his study.

I his favorite seat, perched on the sill of the first of the huge,
arched windows of the room, he can see the dun-colored walls and pale
sandstones of his castle; can see the dull, blood-red masonry of the
gatehouse nearby; the bone-white desert that stretches to the horizon;
and in the blue-black sky above, Pluto in
crescent, Charon waxing, the distant sun a
glaring pinpoint well past zenith, The
yellowing light lends a bronze gleam to his
dark skin and reveals the dancing dust in
the quiet air of his chamber.

A knock at the door disturbs his
reverie,

"Come in."

Amanda opens the heavy oak door f
silently, both by habit and respect — and
blinks in the golden haze. Once her vision
clears, she scans the room (an old habit)
and takes in the rough-hewn wooden
rafters; the aged, white plaster; the Spar-
tan trestle tables; and the two walls of
shelves sagging with Senex' books and
curiosities. When she first began her train-
ing with the old Euthanatos, she wondered
what dark and strange powers the bric-a-
brac might have, but now she knows there
are none. This is part of her respect for
him,

One new thing she notices —a low,
circular table of wood and brass. Its top is
flat and sunken, with a raised rim. lt stands well away from the others,
in a little-used and dusty corner,

"Good afternoon," the Old Man says,

"Hi"

"You were late to lecture this morning," (Not disapproving, not
questioning.)

"L was also late to breakfast."

Senex rises, crosses to the nearer wall of shelves, takes down a clay
pitcher full of water, and rests on one knee by the little table. Amanda
walks to it, sets her bag against the wall, and sits down.

Slowly and carefully, Senex pours water from the ewer into the
brass top of the table. As he does this, he speaks.

"Reality is not stone. Reality is water,"

He finishes, and sets the pitcher down. lt scrapes slightly against
the sandstone floor,

Senex leans over the table and blows upon the surface of the
water, Tiny ripples form, run against the brass sides, dance as the old
collide with the new, and every second more appear to change the
pattern. He stops, and the motion dies out.

Moving slowly, he dips a finger in the water and stirs it, creates
small ripples and eddies in the little pool, but silently, with no splashes,
He takes his finger out, and waits. The surface is quickly calm again,

Without warning, he strikes the surface with his fist. Water
splashes up and out and flies into their faces. Amanda blinks it out of

her eyes and watches him take out a white cloth, wiping the edge
of the table,

"Static magick is like my breath. lt will never break the
surface, but it cannot easily betray itself to those who watch. lt
is the magic of hedge wizards, of vampires and the Garou. Do not
‘underestimate it — it is limited, often one-dimensional, but a
strong wind can knock you down, A strong wind can create waves
you do not see until they engulf you.

"Coincidental magick is like my fingers. lt can change the
shape and flow of water greatly, yet disturb it little if the mage
is skilled, lt is the course of safety, should magick be necessary —
never forget that you have mundane resources at your disposal.
‘When you must use magick, use the probable as often as you can,

and you will be less visible.

"Vulgar magick is like my fist.

Ut is dangerous. Though you may
achieve your intention, you cannot
tell what the splash will do. You
cannot tell who will notice it." He
stops, perceiving her question.

"You've told me all of this be-

fore."

"But not in this fashion."

"No..."

"If L had taught you only that

magick.is fire, or that Paradox is a
hurricane, or that the Consensus is
mud, or that reality is water, you
would anderstand only one aspect of
what you do, and you would be as
crippled as any Technocrat or hedge
wizard.

"Analogies can be dangerous,

Amanda," he begins, smiling slightly,
"because the world is like a
sandcastle..."

The clear tenor note of a bell
stops him, and by expression alone he gathers his apprentice to
her feet beside him, He draws a knife and cuts a complex pattern
inthe air around them —the scenery changes: the gatehouse walls
surround them, and they walk out of its labyrinth before the alarm
is quite silent again,

\n the sandy enclosure before them, a crowd of strangers
(some in robes, some in sneakers and denim) is waiting. Many of
them sit in the dirt or slump over their bags; in no face is there
any hope. Near the front there are seven afoot, each robed and
holding desperately to dignity. The man in the center speaks.

"Senex." Lord Gilmore's weary face smoothes for a moment,
the deep-cut lines transforming themselves into a something like
a smile, "l cannot thank you enough for your hospitality." His
voice is bitter, self-mocking, "You show your charity beyond
doubt, granting sanctuary to an old beggar man and his rag-tag
errant crew."

The master of Cerberus shakes his head, and embraces the
hermetic mage. "No, my friend. The Traditions owe you too much
for you ever to go begging — and | am older still than you.

"As for your companions... until you can find another
Chantry, call ours home." He turns to the Adept on watch (a
doubtful-looking teenage boy yet to leave the bell-rope) and the
long string of refugees begins its solemn march to the castle.

March, 1887
Bondon

Gaslit, in a private dining room, in a glittering brass-and-silk,
china-and-linen hotel, a dark lady in black velvet rises from her seat,
and her companions stand to join her.

"Gentlemen! A toast: to our victory, to our noble calling, and to
our friendship. May it last us through the millennium." Mercedes
drinks, and her companions drain their glasses.

Alexander Gericault, resplendent in the latest evening costume,
splashes more champagne into each, and composes himself.

"To my own, inconceivably good luck in finding such compan-
ions; to Senex, who is without doubt the finest strategist | have ever
met; and to Mercy, without whose silent knife and charming ways our
plans and luck would have been worthless today."

They drink again, and Mercedes looks to Senex as Gericault
helps her with her chair.

"Longwinded, isn't he?"

Their talk turns to a review of the day: the successful assassi-
nation of an industrial giant —a factory emperor with little soul, less
conscience, and overpaid bodyguards. Through dessert they debate
the possibility of discovery —a maid who should have been elsewhere
was not. During the cheese course they muse over the near-perfect
timing, the precision of the operation, the cleanliness of the kills, and
the delicacy of the Good Death in each case. The waiter interrupts
them, bringing the brandy in.

More sober now, the younger mages wait, and Senex studies each
of them quietly. They meet his eyes without hesitation, and without
pride, Mercy smiles a little at her old friend and teacher, and turns
her eyes to Gericault as he does. She finds herself staring, and drops
her gaze to her snifter.

"We did well today. lam proud of you both; | am proud of the
work we have done, but | will not drink to my pride three times in one
evening. Enjoy yourselves tonight, but forget your victory in the
morning, There is more work ahead of us than we can see, and the less
baggage we carry with us, the easier will be our task."

Mercy looks up, and catches Gericault's nod out of the corner of
her eye.

"What will you drink to, then?" he asks,

"I drink to the Sleepers," says the Old Man.

"To the Sleepers."

Mercedes is dancing.

Gericault's right hand is warm on her waist, his left hand holds
her right gently, and her left hand rests lightly on the smooth silk of
his jacket. He is an excellent dancer, and they glide along the floor
like one body.

She can feel his glance on her face; she avoids it to provoke him.

"You look very beautiful tonight," he says, and her eyebrows lift
in satirical surprise. "That dress is most becoming." Mercy turns her
head towards him briefly, watching his mouth. His teeth are very
white, the bristles on his upper lip amber in the light of the
chandeliers, He leans closer, and his cheek scratches the side of her
forehead,

"Tell me, though... why on earth are you wearing a corset?"

She jerks back — reddening, missing a beat — and their skulls
knock together on the sidestep.

"Forgive me, Mercy." He brings his handkerchief to his lip, takes
it away blooded. "l know you're trying to be respectable. | just don't
understand why.

"Do you like corsets? Perhaps the whalebone makes it easier to
conceal those knives..." He looks down at her again, then away,
sucking on his wounded lip. "No, l can see you keep your daggers in
your eyes.

"Mercy, if you are wearing that corset for the fine ladies in that
corner there, those wifely gossips, matronly ghouls and tittering
debutantes — with their noses in the air and their minds in the gutter
— well, | am shocked. Shocked. Flabbergasted. The Sleepers are our
charge, darling, not our keepers, not our peers." His voice drops to
@ whisper. "I think you should choose your undergarments to suit
yourself."

"You are a cad, Gericault. Change the subject."

"As you wish, my lady. May | return safely to the subject of your
dress?"

"We have been formally introduced," she says, dryly. The music
stops, polite applause fills the air, and when the next dance begins
they stay on the floor.

"U've been thinking," he begins, twitching his nose, "and don't
think black is your color... | should adore to see you in red."

"Black is the only color for a widow, Gericault."

"Your husband is a century dead. How long will you mourn him?"

She stops, looking her partner in the eyes at last, her expression
deeply, numbingly hateful.

Gericault asks slowly:

"Do you even remember what he looked like?"

Mercedes pulls away angrily, and walks nearly through him
toward the dining rooms. One steel-pinned heel catches in her
whirling dress, and as it rips and she stumbles, the other foot comes
down heavily on his patent-leather shoe. She picks up her skirts ina
savage gesture and strides on, The gentlewomen in the corner follow
her with well-bred stares, whispering.

Much later he finds her in the garden, wearing Senex' overcoat
against the chill breeze. He limps towards her contritely, and his head
is bowed,

"Why," she begins (ina blistering, radiant fury like he has never
seen) "are you doing this? Why make it more difficult?"

Gericault regards his shoes, and the wet gravel beneath them.
"U'm sorry."

"Good —*

He interrupts her, quickly, dry-voiced: "Aren't you lonely,
Mercy?"

She stares at him, stunned for the moment, and before she
recovers he speaks again (emboldened by the respite), swallowing
hard and stammering.

"U've... U've fallen in love with you, Mercy. I'm sorry."

And Mercedes finds nothing to say.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1995

‘The Great Hall of Cerberus is crowded as seldom before, and still
the residents and refugees trickle in. Chairs and tables scavenged from
every room are scattered throughout, and even an elderly dresser from
the stables has been impressed into service. At one end, a long,
unadorned expanse of wood sits empty: the senior members have yet to
arrive.

The last apprentice scurries in, sets her platter and bowls hastily
down, and the doors open behind the high table. Senex and Lord Gilmore
walk through, talking quietly, and the room falls silent. In twos and

threes the others follow them, and take their places — hesitantly,
politely, the residents of Cerberus guiding their companions to their
seats.

Suddenly, the peace is broken. At the second table, nearest the
head of the room, small mutters erupt into a defiant shout:

"No, twill not be silent. l know my place, Ellen."

The speaker stands, faces Senex and the Chancellor. "Why, my
lords, am | seated lower than that woman?" He points to the middle
of their table, to a small, frizzy-haired mage who stares back at him
incredulously. "l am Nicodemus Dribb, Master of Forces, and if she
is an Adept of anything at all | shall be much surprised."

The Old Man raises one patient eyebrow, and turns to Lord
Gilmore on his right. The Hermetic leader shrugs with one hand and
his eyebrow, and waits for the Euthanatos' judgment. Senex looks
down the table.

Froma slightly smelly position in the back of the room, Amanda
and Julia watch anxiously.

"Did you catch that?" whispers the latter.

"Yeah, Senex and Mitzi?" Amanda replies, referring to the
trace of telepathy that flashes briefly over the high table.

"LU think so."

Mitzi straightens in her chair. "If we have offended you, sir,"
she says, "forgive us. We knew so little about your rank when the
tables were arranged, Please, take my seat." The man next to her
helps her up, and with one last glance at Senex, she descends.

"Did you catch that?" Julia spits out,

"Yeah, Senex?" Amanda replies, speaking this time of the
entropic cloud that hovers a split second over the empty chair.

"1 hope so."

Master Dribb pushes his way up the crowded aisles to the dais,
shoves past Mitzi on the steps, and smugly takes his proper seat.

Ut collapses beneath. him — dumps him on his backside and off
the edge of the platform. His robes fly out in a lumpy fabric cloud
(seemingly all knees) and he sprawls beneath them on the sandy
floor,

Stifled titers echo softly throughout the hall, and one voice
Tings out in raucous, cascading peals of laughter.

"Amanda! Quit it, Everybody's looking at us."

But Julia speaks too late, and the furious Nicodemus is striding
Yowards them — staring, glaring, his very eyes shaking with
wounded pride,

And still Amanda laughs.

"How dare you! — How dare you? | challenge you."

She stops, mouth-corners twitching.

"LU challenge you, | demand satisfaction —"

She bursts out again.

The Hermetic mage fixes a look of pure hatred upon her, and
grinds out his words, "I challenge you to certémen."

Amanda feels her Avatar's wings encircle her, feels the bloody-
handed angel willing to fight. The power floods her, righteous anger
fueling the magick, honing it like a knife —and, mastering herself,
she sheathes it,

"Choose your seconds, insolent bitch."

‘The angel settles back, denied, even as the Hermetic mage's
tirade draws to an end:

"Sunrise, tomorrow, at the —"

"No dueling." Senex' words blanket the Hall.

"\ demand —"

"No dueling," repeats the Old Man, and he picks up his fork.


Seplember, 1887
26° 41'52" NG 71° 32'5"W

Mercedes reverses her knife slowly, careful to keep her dress from
rustling, and waits for the stoker to emerge from the coal-bin. The little man
is frightened, shaking audibly, and starts at the slightest noise, In another
minute the pressure becomes too much for him, and as he bolts the knife
flashes downwards, pommel striking skull with a dropped-apple "thck."

That's the last one, Old Man, she thinks, letting the stoker's body slide
gently to the floor,

"Good. We're ready." Mercedes feels him take his place farther im,
beside the boiler, cane in hand. "Bring them down, Gericault."

Overhead, pounding feet and muffled commands draw nearer. The
Frenchman drops through the hatch that, coincidentally, happens to be in
the floor of the corridor above them. He takes his stand next to Mercy, and
the three listen to the scrabbling of their Order of Reason pursuers —who
find that in the darkness they cannot discover the means to open that hatch,
More brusque words drift down to the waiting Euthanatos, and the footsteps
thunder along the passage toward the stairs.

Now they crowd through the door, spread out along the incline and the
landings: four toughs in uniform with a black-suited gentleman behind
them, his round, tinted spectacles glinting in the dim red light of the room.
Behind him, a pair of shabbily-dressed men huddle together, and behind
them...

The

He wears white, His face is urbane and kindly, his expression that of
a man performing a regrettable duty. Only his lips (pressed too thin, bit
wearly through in rage) and his eyes (marked with a cruelty horrible in its
detachment) betray him — and the three who wait are satisfied: the
assassination of the industrialist has flushed their true prey. His eyes lock
on Senex' and the battle begins.

4, The toughs rush forward, ignoring the bullets that flash from

‘icault's pistols. They are accustomed to invincibility, but his ammuni-
tion is more than lead, and two fall before they leave the stairs. Mercy throws
warded knives to prevent their resuscitation, and the room erupts with light
from the glowing shields.

‘The others close in, more carefully now, and the man in black casts
smoking pellets ahead of them — worried now, as the renegades he chases
are blatantly vulgar in their magickal defenses, preternaturally unharmed.
Mercedes slips aside, satisfied that his fear of Paradox will inhibit him
enough for Gericault to take all three down easily. She advances to the stairs,
Yo the first of the strange men,

For an instant she freezes, seemingly face to face with some Umbral
insect-thing — huge flat eyes surmounted by pale green glowing spots,
strange metallic whiskers, and a coiling mass of red worms that sprouts from
the right corner of its forehead. The creature bounds forward, brushes past
her, and she recognizes it as one of the strange men from the middle of the
pack. A cloud of smoke conceals him, and she is left alone with the second
one, Daggers at the ready, Mercedes studies her opponent. Instead of
bringing forth a weapon, the wild-haired Order of Reason mage draws a
Tength of fire-hose from a scabbard at his thigh, and she notices for the first
time the backpack from which it hangs. He licks his lips, and strikes a heroic
stance,

"Now, death-witch, feel the wrath of the St. Elmo Electrical Elliptitron!"

‘The fire-hose nozzle fills with pale light, and before Mercedes realizes
her danger, she is enveloped in a barrage of ball-lightning.

"Hal A blow struck for decency and the liberation of the Ether!" He
brings the tip of the machine down to where she has fallen, convulsed in the
electrocutive sphere, then reaches to flip a switch on the side of the
backpack, Mercedes takes advantage of the flicker in concentration. She
pokes a hole through the fire around her and attacks the source of it directly:
the toggle breaks off in his hand, rusted through and already crumbling

before he can gasp. She changes tactics while he stutters, and he collapses
in a dreamless sleep.

She whirls around, her scorched dress crackling, and finds the fight has
turned against them —the Old Man and the Physician are yet locked in their
unreachable conflict, but Gericault is losing, slowly, to the four still
crouched behind the massive machinery.

"Gericault?" Running, dodging, she flashes her surprise at him, and
her fear.

"The one in the dark glasses — ow — realized we'd cleared out the
‘witnesses and went vulgar." She reaches the first of the man in black's
acolytes, and slits his throat, aiming the neck to blind the man beside him
‘with the blood. "He isn't very good at it, but itunh... makes the difference...
to his counters." Gericault joins her, fires point-blank into the sightless
man, and the bullets find their mark. "Finally."

‘man in black presses ahead, desperate cunning in his eyes, and
his companion drops back, reaching into a canvas bag at his side,
"They're stalling," Gericault sends her. "Can you get to him?"

She hazards a look down the accessway, and a bullet nearly takes off
her nose. The man with the sack is a better shot than she expected, and the
strange magicks of his equipment protect him from those few attacks she
can launch around a corner and through five coal bins. In her moment's rest,
however, she realizes the atmosphere around her is changing: the air feels
almost greasy, and the dim light sparkles weirdly on the advanced devices
of the foe. Tiny impossibilities are jamming their apparatus already,
breaking pieces ignored and overridden. The universe is overbalanced here,
and for once that thought gives her hope.

"No, Bur l have an idea."

Mercy doubles back, deeper into the rows of bins and turbines, and
finds the body of the stoker. She shoulders him easily, sneaks back to the
front. With a few quick gestures she heals his concussion, and sets him down

behind a huge, shuddering nest of plumbing. In the gaps between the pij
the fight is clearly visible, and she turns to the little man, ee,

"Wake up! Oh, please, please, mister, wake up!" she pleads, her face
streaked with anxious tears.

‘The stoker groans, opens his eyes, and sits up.

"Please, help me! I've been trapped down here, and they're fighting..."
‘The stoker focuses on the beautiful, dark lady before him — clearly
wounded and distressed — and finds his courage.

"There, there, miss, It'll be all right." He looks out of their hiding
place, keeping his frightened eyes from the lady, and sees...

..Clattering at a hideous speed down the deckplates, whirling and
bobbing and slashing likea berserker, a skeletal, springloaded ball of blades
rolling straight towards a gentleman in evening costume. The gentleman
fires his pistols furiously into the shiny copper assassin machine, but to no
avail. Behind the mechanical impossibility two men run, one wearing the
strangest pair of motoring goggles the stoker has ever seen, the other firing,
a gun with a streaming ribbon of bullets where its cylinder should be.

He steps back, reeling. "I don't believe it!" he exclaims, and Mercy
smiles,

‘The ball of copper clockwork runs down as it turns the corner —falls
into itself in a sharp and glittering heap by Gericault's shoes. The man in
black, the goggle-wearer, and the strange gun disappear into nothingness
(though Mercy can hear them, still running, in the place that they have
gone).

"Gericault?"

"Still here, darling. Thank you."

"Senex?"

"L have finished."

The stoker sits down — dazed, confused, and forgetful — and wipes
his sooty face. When the rescue party arrives an hour later, they find him
sitting smiling with the others (amnesiac men in uniform, steamer engineers
with headaches, and a crazed tinkerer crying bitterly over a fire hose), with
a clean patch of skin on his left cheek, in the shape of a lady's kiss.



SEBTEDIBER 5, 1995

Amanda slashes upward, driving her knife deep into the cloth-
wrapped plastic bottle. The water inside soaks through the old
t-shirt, drips onto the dirt below. She stares, trying to remember
her last thought, absent-mindedly knitting the bottle whole again.
Still distracted, she steps back and prepares for her next exercise.

She lunges, and behind her a twig breaks. Without stopping,
she turns on the intruder — one of the Hermetic refugees, she
realizes, with a mop of sandy gray hair and light blue eyes. The
‘woman flinches, caught between the knives and the awkward
embrace of a rosebush.

"Sorry," says Amanda, clearly disappointed. "I thought you
were one of us. Anyone in this garden is fair game." The knives
disappear, and her visitor relaxes.

"lL... Ldidn't mean to disturb you," she says. Her darting eyes
find a bench behind the still-swinging target, and she sits.
"Actually, U'm here to apologize."

Amanda leans against the tree, ties the soda bottle back
against it. "What for?"

"For Nicodemus. Please don't think too badly of him — and
please don't assume that the rest of us are going to act that way."

"I's all right."

"No. We're guests here." She pulls up a dandelion, fiddles
with it nervously. "Nicodemus... his wife went Marauder about a
year ago. The College on Mus was about all he had left, and he was
one of the last to leave it... him and James and the Chancellor. It's
still no excuse, but maybe you can understand why he's so angry
now.

Amanda watches her in silence.

"He's seeing Nephandi everywhere, you know. And he's been
asking about you since the other night."

Amanda's eyes narrow.

"Well... there is a rumor going around that you brought a
Nephandus into this Chantry two months ago. And that you talked
to it instead of fighting it..."

"So you're here to check up on the rumor."

The other mage nods, tying the stem of the flower into anxious
knots.

"Who the hell are you?"

"My name is Ellen."

"Well. Ellen. You can set the record straight." She transfixes
the older woman with a leaden stare, speaks in a tense monotone.

"There was a Nephandus. He didn't make it past the
gatehouse. | spoke to him because he came through the Peregrine
Gate while | was on guard duty. We were hosting Doctor Bridges'
conference at the time.

"The ward patterns checked out. | started to lead him through
the labyrinth, The gatehouse wouldn't let us through. He fed me a
lot of lies about my last life.

"He vanished.

"That's all."

The Hermetic mage nods again. Her blue eyes flicker to
Amanda's face and away again, and the flower in her hands is a
fluffy mass of yellow shreds. "Thank you for your... explanation."
She stands. "I'm sure that my people will feel better when they
hear it."

"Sure. And Ellen — be careful how you leave the garden —
U'm not the only one who practices out here." She laughs, and sets
the bottle swinging again.


May 1889
The French Riviera

Gericault, tea and sandwiches in hand, sits down carefully on the
edge of an elegant white wicker chair. He places the full tray atop the
little table beside him, and shades his eyes from the afternoon sun.

Mercedes smiles, folds her parasol, laughs.

"Tea?"

"As drunk by Mr. and Mrs,
Melvin Abercrombie, British gen-
try, on vacation. We must keep up
appearances, if only for the sake of
‘our passports," He settles back,
"Will you pour?"

Mercedes says nothing, but
leans forward purposefully, and
Gericault closes his eyes, sighing.

"1 almost wish this could go
on forever, No Senex, no Council,
no mechanical men and Reasoners...
just two tired Sleepers on vaca-
tion, enjoying the idle moments."
He accepts his cup without look-
ing.

"L like it," she says, "but 1
want to get back on time. | spoke to
the Old Man before we left, dar-
ling. We're finally going to tear
those Nephandi vipers out of
Piccadilly."

Gericault says nothing,

"Would you likea sandwich?"

"No, thank you," he says, care-
fully,

"Are you all right?"

"Mercedes... | have to tell you
something." His voice is strange,
serious, and he stands as he speaks,
"W's a very difficult thing to have
to say..."

"You can tell me anything, Alec." She rises, and takes his hand,

Gericault looks at her, shaking his head, taking her fingers to kiss
them, briefly, and move away, "What Tradition am l, Mercy?"

"Well, you make a very good Euthanatos, but Senex and | never
thought you were one of us,

"You might be a Dreamspeaker, because you hate the Order of
Reason so, or a Cultist, as you are something of a libertine, and you
despise Council politics."

"Lam none of those," he says. "l am not a Tradition mage at all."

"That doesn't matter to me. What Craft do you belong to? Or are
you an Orphan?"

"Lam not an Orphan. | have no Craft."

Mercedes waits, uncertain, watching her lover's face. The surf
fills the silence.

"Lam Fallen, Mercy." Neither moves. "I serve the Lords of
Oblivion."

She bites her lip, staring, breathing shallowly, choking on the salt.
Her hands clench, turning white in the folds of her dress, kneading the
fabric and reaching though it for her knives. As he looks away, she flies
at him, and Gericault falls to the floor with her blades at his throat.

"Traitor!"

"Nota traitor, Mercy. A spy," he says sadly, "a spy who has fallen
in love with the enemy. Now let me up,"

"Lam going to kill you."

"You are a practical woman, Mercy, and this is not a dime novel.
Lf you were going to kill me you would have done it five seconds ago,
Let me up."

And Mercedes, mutely, slowly, sheathes her knives and stands up,
‘trembling. Gericault guides her to her chair and takes his own, across
from her, and puts his hands
gently on her knees,

"Now. First let me apolo-
gize. Lam terribly sorry that 1
ever took this assignment, met
you, and particularly that | have
had to lie to you for as long as l
have known you. | feel horrible,
darling.

"Second, let me tell you that
1am not sorry that | love you,
that | have never lied to you
about that, and that even if we
part company this hour l will
love you until | die or the uni-
verse ends. | hope that, shamefully
as | have treated you, you may
someday be able to look on me
fondly in memory, at least.

"Third, l did not come to
you and Senex to harm or cor-
rupt you, My assignment was, in
part, to study you both for weak-
nesses for later exploitation," he
4 says, and the lady shudders, "but

primarily to let you know what
my... organization... knew about
the Physician, and to convince
you that he was as dangerous as
you now know him to be."
"You used us," she mutters,
"We had to. The Physician
never left Earth. No one from my Labyrinth was powerful enough to
oppose him within Reality. Senex was powerful enough, and already
hunting for our enemy.

"L didn't make him do anything he didn't want to do, Mercy. |
couldn't."

"We killed the Physician two years ago. Why are you still here?"

"Why not? We were fighting the Order of Reason, | was watching
the Traditions, | was useful. | didn't want to go." Gericault frowns,

"Now the Old Man wants to massacre the Piccadilly Chantry. t
can't stay and help him, and | won't stay to trap him. t have to leave."

Mercedes looks up at him for the first time, her eyes red, her face
pale and tear-streaked,

He nods. "I still don't want to go. | love you," he says, and she
flinches. "Now, l'm going to ask something | have no right to:

"Will you come with me?

"Lam not asking you to become barrabi. | am not asking you to
betray Senex or tell my people any Counsil secrets. You would never
have to meet another Nephandus so long as you live or the universe
endures —" speaking quickly now, desperately, "just please, please
come fight the real enemy, the Order of Reason... with me."


GEBTEDIBER 6, 1995

IWis afternoon on Cerberus. Amanda pushes her way through
the crowds in the courtyard of the East Stair. On every side strangers
jostle her, and the noise is opressive. Her home has been loud before,
‘in joy, sorrow, and anger, but the eternal conversational drone is
new, and she detests it. She steps around two loitering Hermetic
‘mages (who stare at her, measuring her face with a hostile curiousity)
and turns the corner that leads to Senex' study.

Lord Gilmore, she sees, is just entering that still-quiet room,
and she slows her pace, hesitates to knock. What she hears stops her,
and she stays her hand to listen.

The Chancellor of Mus speaks:

"...maught but a rumor, of course, but it is disturbing my people
and they disturb yours. May | ask you a few questions?"

"Tell me the rumor first, your lordship," her teacher answers.

"Very well."

The Chancellor continues in lower tones, and Amanda catches
Tittle. He goes on for some time, and at the end she thinks he asks a
question.

The Old Man growls, "Make your point plainly, Gilmore."

"Do you, or do you not have a widderslainte as an apprentice?"

Then Amanda hears nothing, and is sure she missed the answer,
but Senex speaks, finally, in a voice low and weary:

"Amanda has never been Nephandi." And the emphasis is on the
name.
"And before Amanda?"

Seven seconds pass.
"Yes. She was."

The woman in the corridor straightens silently, clutches her
bag, and turns away. Calmly, she walks, the words rattling back and
forth in her head, and the voice of Gericault is in the echoes of her
footsteps.

Mercy followed me to the Cauls

She swerves around the sneering refugees.

Your teacher hunted her down and he killed her

She dodges her way down the East Stair.

When she was reborn he haunted her new life

She ignores Julia, walks past Mitzi.

Haunted your life

She finds herself in the garden. Pluto is rising.

To keep you from remembering

She pushes through the roses, tears her clothes on the thorns.

Your lover

She sinks, thoughtful, to the bench.

Your murderer

And she sinks in her mind to the memories of her distractions,

Mercy followed me to the Cauls


—
% " if A a
al ‘ci
October, 1896
ANephandi Labyrinth, Bocation Unknown

Mercedes leans on Gericault's arm, walking slowly with the crowd.
‘The air is hot and salty. lt stinks of metal. She is sweating and nervous,
and her stomach shivers despite the heat. The walls to either side are
dark,

Someone ahead of the couple is singing softly, in a language Mercy
doesn't understand, A man on her left speaks to her, his voice steady,
hypnotic, and elated.

"Oh, Mercedes, | wish we could tell you how happy we are to have
you here, It's so wonderful, particularly for Gericault." He pats her
shoulder, and touches, lightly, her hair. "We have all been praying,
every night, for years, that you would someday join us... and now, thank
the Powers, here you are." In an odd and jerky movement he brings his
hands together, clasping them tight enough that Mercedes can hear the
bones rub together. "Even now, | know, you may have doubts, but after
tonight you will truly know joy and the only purpose." He joins in the
growing song.

The procession reaches a large room with an irregular ceiling.
Gericault puts an arm around her and draws her aside, holds her to him.

"Afraid, darling?" he whispers softly. "You can still change your
mind, Some of our most faithful have never —*

"No." She looks up and her eyes harden. "1 want to go where you
g0. Llove you." And she turns away fiercely, with her jaw set and square,
Mercedes steps forward,

‘The far wall is moving, and the Nephandi have drifted to either
side, lighting lamps. They open a path through their ranks from the two
lovers to the strange curtain that seems to cover that wall. Gericault
moves to escort her, and they walk very slowly down the aisle. The others
watch silently. The first singer begins a strange, emotionless tune. The
two mages reach the end, and an old gentleman in orange robes speaks.

"Do you come here willing?"

"L do."

"Welcome to us, daughter. May oblivion's peace comfort your
‘mind and rest your soul."

The curtain folds down and sideways. In the light of the white
torches, the interior is a pinkish-beige and slightly damp — its folds
membranous and veined, There are many tissues making up the curtain,
drawing back in fleshy ridges to the floor, sliding past each other slickly,
pulling up of their own accord to the ceiling. They open at the bottom
to admit her.

Gericault feels her breathing quicken and grow sharp. His lover
is frightened now. i

The robed man smiles gently and touches her arm. Mercy follows
him, steps dully over the lip of the Caul. She turns to keep her eyes on
Gericault, and her hand goes to her throat. The inner membranes draw
up and closer to her, and still he can see her eyes. He puts his hand on
the outer, flesh-temperature folds to support himself, and the interior
closes,

The Caul echoes to the broken, cut-off scream, and the pale tissues
shudder with the force of the splattering blood within. The NepI
cheer, the outer folds close, and Gericault sinks to the ground in blissful
relief,


=

Amanda stands, sure now of where her missing memories are.

Pluto is higher in the sky than when she came here, and the
sound and smell of dinner waft out from the Great Hall. She looks
up three stories to Senex's darkened window, and sneaks to the
back stairs, comes silently to his study. She goes in without
knocking, lies down on the bare floor in the light of the planet,
and closes her eyes.

She waits, trying to move backward into her own mind,
searching carefully. The smells, the floor, and the touch of the
breeze on her arms go away, and she looks once again on the
bloody-handed angel, looks on her Avatar.

Her wings are fire, her dress white and mist-like, her form a
young girl's.

"Amanda." The soft voice carries surprise and concern, and

~ the angel's white draperies drift windlessly towards the mortal.

"Yeah. I have a question."

"Please, you have only to ask."

"My past lives. Who was I? What did I do?"

The angel shakes her head slightly. "What past lives?" Her
tones are sweet and puzzled, and she stands stock-still in confusion.
"Are we not new-sprung from the Well of Souls?"

Amanda stares at her.

"No, we sure as hell aren't!"
She grabs her Avatar by the arm and pulls her along, half-dragging her. She stalks out in

the direction of her forgetfulness, into the darkest areas. There is dust on the floor, smooth

and unbroken, and she charges across it, looking for the place she knows. They come to a set

of tracks, faint and unclear, that fade out into the distance, and Amanda speeds on along

them. : " - 4
She looks back at her Avatar and commands:

"Light." 7

, 9


i

They are surrounded by a pale glow, for an instant startled by
the shadows of two figures racing at them. Amanda recognizes their
teflections, looks for the edge of the mirror, and nearly faints from ‘
vertigo.

The entire wall ahead is one straight, gigantic, seamless
mirror, higher than the Avatar's light can reach, extending beyond
their sight in every direction. The angel tries to stop, frightened.
Amanda pulls her forward, nearly knocking her off her feet, and
touches the wall. She turns on the wondering angel, and demands
of her soul, "What is this?"

"I don't know." Staggering, stunned, whispering, the girl
hiding within her wings, repeating, "I don't know. I don't know. It

} isn't mine. What is it?"
Amanda steps back, staring up to the vertical horizon.
"If I knew," she says, driving a knife between two of the
sli floorboards, "I wouldn't have had to ask."
She pries up one of the planks —
"What are you doing?" asks the Avatar, in a very small voice.
— and hefts it like a baseball bat.
"Stand back."

She swings, and the mirror shatters — shining cracks racing

out from the break, huge triangles of silver dropping slowly towards

the floor. Slabs of glass fall between the tiny figures, and a million
reflections crash and multiply around them. Amanda loses sight of

the angel in the splintering mess, and dodges across the lines of "
shards to the safety of the shadow beyond.


December, 1923
New York

The darkness lights up as she crosses, and she stops.

Frozen, in a strange tableau before her:

Senex gesturing at Gericault as if to push him back, the Old Man's hand in mid-twist,
his clothes soaked with blood, his manner calm.

Gericault's face caught in anguish; half rage, half despair. His arms are outstretched in
violent magicks.

Mercedes is nearest, dressed as a flapper, limbs bent in mid-motion. She is running, her
mouth open in a scream or roar, her eyes like black fires.

There are no walls, no sky, only twilight and a floor of cinders. Amanda takes one step
towards her predecessor, and finds herself instantly within that body. The figures begin to
move.

Mercy is screaming, like a hurricane, and the knives in her hands are wind. She leaps
for her teacher, and he watches her come without taking his hand from Gericault. The
Frenchman is forced back by the power of Senex' will, and space thickens around him until
he cannot stir — he barely breathes.

Senex' eyes flicker briefly towards his prisoner, and he sidesteps Mercy without seeing her.
They turn to face each other.

"Let him go, old man," she shrieks, diving in to slash him.

‘The master says nothing. His weaponless hands begin to move. Mercy flips back her left knife,
trying to evade his magicks, but the spell he uses is new to her, and she guesses wrong. Now, surprised
to find herself yet free, she tries again to come under his guard.

Senex darts forward, taking a cut to the arm with a grimace. He grabs as if for her head, holds
nothing, gives that nothing a twist, and she sees herself outside her body, suspended in his grasp.
His hard, sad eyes gaze into hers, and the voice that guided her for a hundred years commands:

"Look."

He turns her away to a dark place in the twilight around them. There is a blacker thing in the
ashes of the floor, clearer to her as her mentor forces her to stare.

Her Avatar is crouching there. The angel's shining wings are broken, feather-charred husks.
The white robes are gone, and ribbons and patches of lead — some like fabric, some running red-
hot down her bare skin, and some cooled, dropping off as she rises, dropping off with great patches
of grey-cooked skin and muscle. The angel's eyes are maddened and dying; eyes like Mercy's last

son's.



The vision fades. Mercedes recovers, sees Senex coming for her with
his cane, and deliberately, she drops her guard the split second he needs. She
cannot meet his eyes, can only hear the sobs of Gericault in his magick cell.
Fire strikes her neck, and the world ends.

Amanda lurches forward, pulling herself free as Mercedes' body drops
to the ground. The air is Full of a high, keening whine, and it hurts her like
aknife inthe brain. On her right the husk of the Nephandi's Avatar is rising,
on her left the bloody handed angel is screaming, is drifting helplessly
towards her older self. The young mage sprints forward and catches her
Avatar ina low tackle, knocking her down and holding her until the shadow-
figures fade, The angel quiets, and even the echoes of her panic stop.

Soft footsteps approach them, and Senex — an older, white-robed
Senex —comes out of the darkness. He helps the angel to her feet, smoothes
her wings, strokes her hair. The angel comes to herself, seemingly, and stands
straight. Her hands reach for Amanda, then the Old Man, and as she steps
‘towards him, she disappears,

They stand for a long time without talking.

"Are you all right?" Senex asks his apprentice.

"Yeah."

"Do you remember?"

"Not everything." She finds herself staring at his arm, looking for the
scar from Mercedes' last attack. "My — her — son, the hunt for the
Physician... meeting Gericault, My death."

‘The two begin to walk back, and the glittering glass dust crunches
beneath their feet,

"Is this yours, Old Man?"

"It is, | placed the barrier here before you were born."

"Thank you."

They pass into the dust, following their own foot~
steps backwards.

"She let you kill her, you know," Amanda
says slowly. "When you showed her her
Avatar — well, it worked."

"L wasn't sure."

"Gericault doesn't know
that she did that. He weak-
ened the barrier, didn't
he?"

"He did."

"1 think he thought that | would remember dying hating you, He's
coming back."

"1 know."

"1 need to talk to you about him."

"Later."

"And L want to ask you about those rumors."

"Later."

They walk back into the Old Man's study, and Amanda finds
herself lying flat on the chilly floor. She sits straight up and
looks her Mentor in the eye,

"L have a lot of questions."

He nods his head.

"Later."

And Senex picks up the clay
pitcher, pours from it into a dusty
cup, and hands the water to her
to drink.

"Questions, Amanda,
are like a ring of keys..."


x 7!

The Ascension

THE MAGE.

Pride. Power. Paradox.
A Storytelling Game of Reality on the Brink
by Phil Brucato and Stewart Wieck
Second Edition

Nay

Vl Credits

Original Concept and Design: Stewart Wieck, with Stephan
ae
—

Wieck, Chris Early, Bill Bridges, Andrew Greenberg, Mark
Rein*Hagen, and Travis Williams

Second Edition Design and Development: Phil Brucato
Storyteller System by: Mark Rein* Hagen

Written by: Phil Brucato, Brian Campbell, Deena McKinney,
Kevin A. Murphy, Nicky Rea, John R. Robey, Kathleen Ryan,
Allen Varney, and Teeuwynn Woodruff

Additional Contributions by: Ethan Skemp, James Estes, Cynthia
Summers, Fred Yelk, and Richard Dansky

Editing: Cynthia Summers, Laura Perkinson

Design Contributors: Kevin A. Murphy, Kathleen Ryan, and a
special thanks to Christopher Kubasik for inspiration

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Artists: Ash Arnett, Mike Chaney, John Cobb, Michael Scott
Cohen, Robert Dixon, Daryll Elliott, Mark Jackson, Lief Jones,
Michael William Kaluta, Matt Milberger, Paul S. Phillips, Michelle
Prahler, Dan Smith, Lawrence Snelly, Alex Sheikman, Joshua
Gabriel Timbrook, and Andrew Trabbold

Cover Design:
Typesetting and Layout: Kathleen Ryan

Playtesters: Deena McKinney, Wayne Peacock, Stewart
MacWilliams, Keith Martin, Darrell Autrey, Bob Asselin, Timmie
Capler, Jeff Baty, Carl Capler, Jay Brown, Jamie Johnston, Ryan
Casper, Christina Harkinson, Phil Brucato, Wendy Blacksin,

Nicky Rea, Jackie Cassada, Shadow Lied, Judy McLaughlin, and
Ehrik Winters

Ash Arnett

780 PARK NORTH BLYD.
b SUITE 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

© 1995 White Wolf Game Studio. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without written permission of the
publisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. Mage: The Ascension and all related Storyteller
games are trademarks of White Wolf Game Studio. All
contents are copyrighted by White Wolf unless otherwise
noted. The Character Sheet and the Magick Cheat Sheet
may be reproduced for personal use.

CAME STUDIO

Hermetic Houses Bonisagus, Tytalus, Quaesitor and
Diedne, and the Chantry Seasons and covenant concepts
are from the Ars Magica game, copyrighted by Wizards of
the Coast and used with permission.

The mention or reference to any companies or prod-
ucts in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or
copyrights concerned.

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader
discretion is advised. PRINTED INCANADA.

Dedications

Threefold thanks to:

© Harlan Ellison, whose visions and wisdom have haunted,
inspired and incensed countless readers;

And trust me that you can do something. You are not as helpless,
as much a pawn, as they would have you believe. Each of us can effect
change... You can move the world. You can be Zorto

— An Edge in My Voice, Installment #10
© Miriam "Starhaw

mos, whose works offer a balanced
yet optimistic perspective on the troubling issue of magic and post-
modern faith;

But the final price of freedom is the willingness to face that most
frightening of all beings, one's own self

—The Spiral Dance

© and Joseph Campbell, who would understand why these
three diverse talents should be included in a single dedication,
Truth has many masks.

The myth is the public dream and the dream is the private myth
If your private myth, your dream, happens to coincide with that of the
society, you are in good accord with your group. If it isn't, you've got
a long adventure in the dark forest ahead of you

— The Power of Myth

ay

Yes, folks, this is a game. Though based in real-life
beliefs and practices, Mage is a fictional entertainment, not
a work of occult lore, Satanic propaganda or New-Age
thetoric. That being said, we warn you that there are a good
many words, images and ideas in this book that will offend
and disturb the sensitive reader. Sorry, that's the game. Real
life's a lot worse.

Mage is intended for mature audiences. It requires an
open mind and common sense.

Mage: The Ascension

DW

\

The Ascension

Introduction 5
Book One: The Flesh

Chapter One: The Tellurian IS
Chapter Two: The Mystick Path 29
Chapter Three: Mage Society 37
Chapter Four: The Ways of Magick 59
Book Two: The Spirit

Chapter Five: Basic Rules 77
Chapter Six: Character Creation 85
Chapter Seven: Storytelling 141
Book Three: The Machine

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules I59
Chapter Nine: Setting Systems 225
Chapter Ten: Drama 247
Appendix 272

Contents 3

__ an


Introductio

Heaven and hell are within us, and all the gods are within us

Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth

The Tree

Five came together in near-darkness from many
places and destinies that night, the crescent moon
shining on their faces, blossoms fluttering in twilight

Clarissa ran her slender hands over the trunk of
the ancient apple tree. "So old, so beautiful..." she
whispered.

"Ie suits," Peter Kobie shrugged as he passed
around a goblet. Alldrank its fiery contents, then joined

hands, circling the tree. They danced in a whirl of madness, faster and
faster. Justas their frenzy reached its peak, the earth began to tremble. In
a burst of color, ribbons of energy rippled forth from the top of the rotting
old trunk. The dancers dropped hands, each reaching out to seize the
streamers of pow
when all the stream

each pulling the ribbons into their own souls. Only

's were captured did the dance renew, this time with
the flowing bands of color woven in and out by the dancers. As moonlight
faded, the glowing streamers became braided about the tree, the twining
of warp and weft gradually covering the apple tree from top to trunk
binding into one essence the power spewing forth

When the moon fell and sunlight touched the faces of the five, they
lay in sleep about the gnarled roots of a glorious young apple tree, its tiny
green leaves glowing with renewed life, fresh blossoms brushing the
contented faces at its feet

Reality is up for grabs. Magick is the key
Magick is not d

Ascension is the goal.

id, no matter what we may think. It slumbers
beneath the weight of disbelief, butit is not dead. In the mists of spirit
worldsand the shadows of hidden sanctums, in the laboratories of the
Awakened and the sacred places of the Dreamers, magick is alive

Humanity sleeps; our fragile minds and shackled imagina-
tions have put the div

¢ spark within us into a deep slumber. To
Awaken from this sleep, a mage embraces that inner spark, that
Avatar, and accepts True Magick, the Art which shapes reality
By Awakening to magick's truth, each mage unlocks a vision.
Each vision leads to a Path, a destiny of change that pits a mage
against herself, her fellows and fixed reality itself. A war is being
fought in the shadows. Magi
Paradox, the backlash of disbelief, is the price of failure, and pride

becomes the legacy of foolishness.

is the tool, the prize and the vision

The world of Mage is a dark modern fantasy where reality is
commanded with a thought and hopelessness poisons the very
earth. Stories told in this mystick World of Darkness become heroes
quests, journeys of self-discovery that step beyond our mundane

lives. Mage isa game, true, but game of tales told, not winners and

losers. Like campers around a fi
create shared folklore and hav

, players in a Storytelling game
a damned good time doing it. An
ideal Mage story mixes mystery and wonder with action, suspense,
terror and a bit of humor. $
str

ch tales are modern mythology,

etwise yet enigmatic. Like the mages themselves, Storytelling

games are active and ever-changing.

Introduction

P}OM auepunu ayp Jo UORDayor SULAT
B ase9 — ypeop pur aunaeu ‘pure ap jo spur] ayy — suupear asap
‘woatp jo area are sjeuow aay YSnoyppY "eIqUIE) styp Jo spo,
aant|L atp out jaaen — jeuow pauarysifua peuorsers0 ay pue

soBeut ‘saajomazaa — wat o1 paunne sButaq pue ‘spur snouarséur
asaup sapuea squids sayz pue sisoYH "s1oUUeG yoTIskw Aq Aarpea4
Jeuareur Woy Yo 1nd ‘aUO jeN0W ay spunoyns ppom aunds

"aouan yur s1ayp s[aay auOAs9A9 "way? puNose saany]nd
-Mopeys ay 998 19Aa speUOW may YSnoyTY "JYyEa] palneq
pue ysoy pacuaid sisaw Jeapt 10D Jo suo' SuUaMor pue
ypr|q SuIMOY atp azaym SuNg-oNPOH st Pom sip jo Tnaypsoe
AY] Uoseas Ue IYSIOM ou AED suONsiadns asaya ‘Burpey
st adoy asaya aoejd e say "Aiem azour are saoueys sajdoad pue
Jo8u0] ae smopeys ayp ang "wer NUR, age syseUMpUE] ay ‘sap
1YyBt]1M2 Wapou jo
UONETTASIp v ‘ssouLeG] Jo PHO 4p 01 wO9]9,A\ "494>1q pue r0jd
sorewnysiu Jo ano sSurog ‘smopeys ay Uy "TUaUIDAed puE Jars Jo
syputudqe] santo ayp ‘snonsuow pur yep aze spoom ay | "wea19s e
pur [eSupew e uaamiog aysne> suas ppom ays pue ‘sse]3 pourers

-pooyq a1] 9494 sid] IYBIN "sows wntuwid ye suNd pearains
pur ‘adeur aya jo wyear aya ur snouaduep st astwosduos,
saqqoH sewoyy —
‘DuD|q 40 DUEDYS ImoYRIO ‘2y34] pu aavA3 ‘2U228qo ‘Uva]>
‘quofoad ‘Koy ‘sBunp yo sano uns uu fo sryBnoyp 124928 oy]

SSOUIEG JO P]1OM 9Y_L

"JeatAsns 40 asturosdwo9 405 woos
3]21] aaa] s]eapr stay ang ‘sjeo8 aveUN]N aavy ‘oor ‘syIe AWANXa
dY ‘JonUD zy JapuN AjWAY ue sUaUA|a WopuRA Jo pasind
‘ayes apeu pjiom ayp st UoIsuadsy ‘Koes0UYDa J ay of "uaddey
01.21 a19M ayLI P[Nom UOIsUadsY YoNs Wyo} YA 02 se aaidesIpP
ing ‘uoIsuddsy se sty) 01 J9J91 SUOIpEA] ay "Surdeys s,Anypeas
01 puta arew]N Ue ‘}eo3 s9IeaI3 ats O2 sadeUL asour saidsur
Suruayemy sjo13eu Yan AjpemNaeU os saMIOD Iya UOISTA 9Y_L
"usu wry djay spo3 pue ‘xopereg ayoaut ued APyoINb oo
asueyp sosnes oym — aeur Aue — a8eur y "shem Jo saquinu Aue
UL ypeq SUN UIs YsaprueuT sowtodaq 1999 XopEseY styA ‘S191]FUOD
qUpIOIA you! ay UT "Xopesed & st yNsaz ay ‘apH]]o> ayqissodurt
pu ajqissod aya uaya ‘yse]> sonmear uay,y "a]q!ssodumt u9Aa
Jo aov]d jo ano staas yo13eur "JaAaMoY ‘Ing SUEpUNU e OUT S929
Aarueumy sy "[]!M Jo 20104 pouarysryua Aq Aarjeas Jo UoNeAAITE ay
— aiueyp jo ajdurexa srureusp asowi atp st yrSeyy "aarpe asiaarun
audord ur yyom v st Artery

ayp sdaay afueyp rueasu09

uoIsugosy pue xope.ied ‘Ap eazy

9UD]18C] Jo PHO, at Jo UoNeUUFEp puk ArastuU ayp sayINy O1 saUd9s
tp puNyag 10m sauG UAI]ey asaup ‘pHiom peLTaTEUL at Jo NOSED W99Aq
avy WY Jo a[qlI92 SOU Up YBNoY J. "IYSH [Pe qLOsqe.10 99Ya1 294219
1H yorym som e saazaswmayp waap Aay_] ‘uordnusod pu ssauyzep
JO Weg amjosqe ayp Moyo} 01 uasoy> aavy 1pueydany ay],
"A[peap uayo pur ayqeroipasdun ‘ares are sia
-pneaeyy "eauatap srapnezeyy a[3uIs e UI pat] 40 Aatyear peuosiad
UMO sIy parea1d UosIad 41909 YDIYA UT aUO aq Pjnom ‘WAY
01 ‘ppiom jeapt uly "auianaxa paiuawiap e 01 uaye2 aduEYp sTuEUAP
Apoquia saeu snoeys asayp ‘uonezapayuod & URL purtH Jo ares
a10yy "sauisoddo zejod sies90Uypa | yp ase saapneseyy ay,

uolsuadsy ay] sey 9

‘auop sBuryp BunaA8 01 sowos
21 UaYm SUE} Jy ay J9A0 a8pa ue aaey sIaDueWIOUYD? |
‘goualos ut asnya (JENUAIOd yoNskw s19Yy2 02 pauozeany
-un asoyp) , siadaaig,, Jo Aauofeu ayp asnesag "smvey pemngeu safe
01 pamolye st aouar9s A]uO ‘ayqissod you st >13eUL yoTIsAw ‘aa199p

s Aoess0uypa J ayp Ag "99ej 0114 10USta1 siaSUEp ayp Woy AUEUINY
Suraes pue ,sluawaja wopuel, jemeuzadns ur Burutay 0 pares
-Ipap UOIUA) 21yAJOUOUL AySuIWOaS v ‘ArBID0UYDIT, 2YT, ©

SUOHIDey JOLep atp Jo SOEYD ayp Pue sao} SeIIOUYDA |
aiayp Aq pasnodsa Aureos o1e2s ay o7 pasoddo axe sdnoss autu
J1e ‘saonoead pue sarydosopryd auaraytp 01 ploy sios92u08 asaya

ySnoyppy "aruewny 02 Jopuom Surusmas o]!Ya suos jo aoueyEq
8 UIEIUTEW OF AALS SUONIPEL] AUIN atp Jo sprezim ayy -yo1seu
Jo sa]Aas yousdw aur jo [9UNOD Ysnos e ‘suoHIpery, AY
:s]eo8 uasoyp nays jo aureu atp Ut eK UOIsUADSY Ue adem sdnosd

Jofewr anoy asayp ‘tpeg 29s Aue MOIJO} I0U Op (,sUEYAIO,, pay]
uayo) sadeu Auew ySnotppy *A19190s Jey>!Tew areunWop suoNde}
dBUe] ANoy ‘s[nos poudyemy Jo AsUeA aiUyUT oy omdsaq

AM OY] JO SUOLOR~] OYE.

a8eu B aq UeD aUOAUE Ema} AE|OYDS v O2 Par] IU st x>ITEYy
"aphid 40 ysrey are sioypo ‘aanejduiaiuos pue pasueyeg ase aw0g
"stuatuostaua sty Jo sionposd aya Yonus AIDA are seu "Mayear
Jeqo]3 sueds uorsta.s19yp YBnoy J "s1eak TurUT]Dap s1ayp UI UDAII0 aBe
jiva Axa 8 re auaLEUAIYs!]Ua PUY aWOS ang ‘S97 JO sUdAI are] STU UT
sSuruayeay soup puy Aueyy "sdnoud ae pue suoneuauo ‘sazmyjno
‘suoneu |]e Woy aWOD saZeuL ‘JesioAtuN s} SuruayeMy asnesogq

Suvyp jo siasiurqaey ays ase sasepy anu J ‘9109 ayp 01 SUMeUAG "sapI0
poystjqeaso oyp o2 saeasyp are ‘siasuUeWOUY? | PIS ayp Uada ‘Udy
‘safle |] y "Way punore pom 94p Jo asoup pue sqTUNT] UO staY pudds
-uen Aypenunuos asnuy Aaya YaAaMoy ‘os Op OL "Way punose PpOM
ayp aaye ang djay youues Aayp YsIsUE pue JaMOd aay YIM fasuas

a1Sse|9 ay UT S9OI9Y ae S1949910s Yong "aouENOdWT UT aseaxut Inq

Jaquinu UF aypurmp sn Suoure sazeu ays ‘pists axow mous ayqissodurt
pu
$89] OU 21 pajauueYD 40 Jamod stayp Av:

a]qissod ay udamiaq souepunog axp sy yorsew jo su1z0y sno1aqo

2 papaya aavy YAamoy,
Yyarjoqsip pur awn ‘sn yar udag skempe avy pausxeary ay L

Aavssaoau st a1 ang ‘ue:

1d Ajazea st aBueyo
yong "Aunasap jo sory ay adamp soBeyy ana ‘spear s,Ansade y,
aya yam sadurey Avur (spaezim aSpay paj]e> Uayo) s19199J08 49889]
YyBnoy | ‘adueyo 10y 2910} aa1298 Ue saUtOdaq pu a109 $11 Ie AIITBAI
omar or suzea] seu v (aerealy aXp) J]as 9uLAIp atp Jo pueyse pur
aSpajmouy pauzea-prey ‘asuas ayeuur ysnosyy "31 ut aoejd UMO
alayp pur Aateaa puryaq Yana aya — [nos pur Apog ‘purus avy
aokiqlua OYM sURLINY [EUW ‘sSulaq pouarysipua are sadeyy
o$ey U9poW) 9U.L
"pliom yeyoiSeur siyp 01 suBts peor ueuodurt axe
‘saaamoy ‘sid99u0> [e1aAag "S}9aNIs ay UI INO sadua
ARYIP AEP aYSy 40 ‘saNUEYD palye> spjoysuons
OU JBYIS ‘sppoMsYIO OU! ssoId spyezN Wa
"Poy *22ug]01A INo-IeY 01 sidaouOd JeIqa199 Woy
soSues pue ‘sjoaa] Auew uo saqeiado a8eyy
meys prewag af10ag —
rMpuogsnu puv Ksa.ay sv avaddv
isuif 1 asnuL IINpUoD pup IYSNOYs UL UONMJon? TTY

QUILD IY] JO S}]dao0U0')D

WA

|

DW

The features and cultures we know are much the same, but an
otherworldly aura pervades the mortal architecture, clothing, mu-
sic and religion of the World of Darkness. People here are even
inated with their own mortality than we are. At the same
time, the possibilities of imagination have been limited by a
worldwide denial of what no one wants to see. This denial confines
the once-fluid power of magick, but also cloaks the activities of the
supernatural societies. In the shadows, vampires, ghosts, werewolves,

7 2

more fas

sorcerers and changelings conspire, and their intrigues surpass
anything folklore might suggest. This World of Darkness is myth
incarnate, and that myth is equally dark.

ID.

This fantasy world shows us how far we can fall from grace;
mages, then, play a key role in the future. Alll this despair and
violence is leading up to something big, some final judgment or
destruction. The Ascension War may well determine whether the
World of Darkness transcends... or self-destructs.

The Meaning of Mage

ever be afraid to risk, to risk! I've told you about Equus haven't
1? That doctor, Dr. Dysart, with whom I greatly identify, saw that it
was better to risk madness and to blind horses with a metal spike, than
to be safe and conventional and dull

— Christopher Durang, Beyond Therapy

At its core, Mage is about giving a damn, about caring and
believing in something so deeply that your beliefs can change
reality. The world is not shaped by passivity or acceptance. It is
moved forward by the deeds of those who reject the old ways and

carve new ones, without regard for obstacles or enemies.
Such dynamism is risky, however. Too much too quickly

without insight ot responsibility can spiral a person into madness

and take everyone around her down for the ride. A wise mage seeks

a balance between constant change and stagnancy, between
wisdom and power. The Ascension War is a battle between
extremes, with the Traditions walking the delicate Path through
the middle. A misstep — overwhelming pride, carelessness or
doubt — can be fatal to a mage, and to the world in general. The
pride that comes with magick's vision is both blessing and curse.
Without confidence, no mage can command her will. Without

balance, that will grows out of control, dominating all within
reach. The great sin of the Technocracy is not science, or even
murder — it is oppression under one vision.

Most mortals are rightly called Sleepers by the Awakened.
They exist (or perhaps, we exist) in a passive state of blindness,
shying away from true insight, avoiding the symbolic death that
leads to greater rebirth. We miss the wonders and possibilities
around us. Our mundane lives have conditioned us to accept what
is offered, from lying politicians to MTV, and we complain but do
little to change it. Mages cannot be passive; they either progress
or they stagnate. In stagnation lies eventual corruption, for stasis

can only decay.
There can be as many themes in a Mage chronicle as you care
to include — fate, faith, tragedy, romance, despair, revenge or
whatever else you want. The essence of change, however, of
progress against all odds, can never be far from the game.

Mage is a game, albeit an interactive one with an epic scope.
Like mages themselves, Storytelling games are active; we offer you
the ingredients, but the cake you make out of them will follow your
private recipe. There are no winners or losers in these games, only
participants.

Introduction

7


NO Ail

Ne aes

How to Ose this Book

Mage contains wealth of information. For easy access, we've
divided it up into three Books:

* Book One: The Flesh: These four "setting" chapters
describe the concepts, cosmology and society of the Awakened.
The rules themselves can be found in later sections. Chapter One
examines the various worlds that mages know. Chapter Two
explains how True Mages differ from mere "magic users." Chapter
Three shows us history as the mysticks understand it, and exam-
ines the four factions of the Ascension War, and Chapter Four
details the beliefs and metaphysics that guide and govern True
Magick.

* Book Two: The Spirit: These three chapters describe the
basics of a Mage chronicle. Chapter Five explains the basic rolls
used in all Storyteller games. Chapter Six tells you step-by-step
how to create your Mage character, while Chapter Seven explores
the fine points of Storytelling and running a game.

* Book Three: The Machine: These rule systems govern the
world of the mage in greater detail. Chapter Eight offers the game
mechanics for magick within the game. Chapter Nine goes into
the non-magickal systems important to the Mage world: experi-
ence, spirit rules, Realms, other supernatural creatures and more.
Rounding it all out, Chapter Ten: Drama covers many overall
rules pertaining to the World of Darkness — combat and injury,
rolls for various actions and the progression of time in the game.
Finally, the Appendix section offers a wealth of background
details for the Mage Storyteller.
Enjoy!

Other Mage Sourcebooks

The following books offer you a range of possibilities beyond
the basic rules. Others, such as Beyond the Barriers, Horizon:
Stronghold of Hope, The Insider's Guide to the Technocracy,
and the other Tradition and Technocracy: books, are on the way.
Most sourcebooks also include lists of recommended reading (real

books) to enjoy after the game is done

* Core Sourcebooks: These important supplements detail
specific aspects, groups or places in the Mage universe. Many
feature additional rules and all contain background information,
The Book of Chantries offers 10 detailed strongholds, plus the ins
and outs of Chantry creation, politics and ecology. The Book of
Madness presents an in-depth look at the Marauders, Nephandi,
Umbrood, Paradox forces and Infernal powers. Wheee! The Book
of Shadows is a far-ranging guide for players and Storytellers,
featuring additional Traits, optional rules, background and fic-
tion, and Digital Web explores virtual reality, Mage-style.

* Background Books: These books expand the range of your
Mage game beyond the obvious. Most include rules for variant
games, crossovers, oralternative settings. Ascension's Right Hand

is an invaluable sourcebook for the non-magickal companions
mentioned in Chapter Three. Destiny's Price presents a grim
adults-only look at the Gothic-Punk streetscene, while Halls of the
Arcanum examines the a
dix. The Fragile Path is a little red (or purple, depending on the
print run) book presenting the history of the Council's formation
through the eyes of those who were there. Finally, The Mage Tarot
offers a beautiful boxed set of cards based on the World of Darkness,

cademic hunters described in the Appen-

© Tradition and Technocracy Books: This series of low-cost
books looks at each individual group from an insider's perspective
Each one includes histories, characters, and magickal details.

Lexicon

Mages have a language all their own, adopted
or invented to describe their world and concepts.
The next four sections list the most frequently
used terms (Common Parlance), common ranks
and names (Titles), the vocabulary of ancient
mages (Old Form) and the ever-evolving slang of
the younger generations (Vulgar Argot).

Common Parlance

Acolyte: A non-Awakened servitor of a mage.

Arete: The measure of a mage's magickal enlightenment and
will.

n: The enlightened state of being to which all

mages a
Ascension War, The: An ongoing conflict between mage
factions, with the future of reality as the prize. Actually a series of
conflicts, ranging from subtle maneuvering to appalling violence.
Arcane: A mystickal veil erected by mages to guard their
identities.

Avatar: A soul, said by some to be a fragment of the Pure Ones
who originally inhabited the Tellurian. An Awakened Avatar
enables a mage to perform magick.

8 Mage: The Ascension

Awakened, The: True Mages; also applied to other super-

natural creatures — werecreatures, ghosts, changelings, mummies
and vampires.

Awakening, The: The moment in which one realizes, mind,
body, heart and soul, the reality of magick and one's own destiny.

Branding: A punishment in which a mage has her Avatar
marked.

Cabal: A group of mages bound to each other by loyalty and
a common purpose.

Caern: A Node controlled by werwolves.

Censure: A common mild punishment among mages, similar
to parole.

Chantry: The stronghold of a mage or cabal. On Earth, this
may be a normal building or a magickally fortified and enhanced
structure. These mundane places are often located on Nodes and
connected to strongholds in the Umbra. Technomancer Chantries
are called Constructs, while Nephandi refer to their strongholds
as Labyrinths.

Coincidental Magick: Magick performed in such a fashion
that it is effectively indistinguishable from a mundane event.

Convention: One of five groups of mages that form the
Technocracy and enforce its policies. The Conventions are:
Iteration X, the Syndicate, the Progenitors, the New World Order
and the Void Engineers.

Council; Council of Nine: The collective name for the
Nine Mystick Traditions and the federation they have formed.
The Technocratic equivalent is the Union.

Craft: When used as a title, this denotes mystick societies
who play no part in the Ascension War. They rarely refer to
themselves as such.

Custos: A non-mage who works for or with a cabal as a
servant or warrior. A modern custos may be anything from a rent-
a-cop to a gang member to a mythical creature.

Deep Umbra: The aspects of the Umbra found beyond the
Horizon, far from Earth. The Shard Realms are scattered through-
out the Deep Umbra. Called the Deep Universe by the
Technocracy.

Demon: Enigmatic beings of evil intent and disputed origin.

Dream Realms: Worlds created out of old dreams keptalive
by the Oneira, the Dream Lords. Also called Maya.

Dynamic Reality: Reality in flux. It may be changed quickly
through vulgar magick, slowly through coincidental magick, or
gradually through the normal flow of worldly events.

Epiphany: A magickal revelation spoken of by the Tradi-
tions; thought to derive from a term for faerie enchantment.

Famil

A spirit thathas taken on flesh through a compact

with a mage.

Focus: An object, action or gesture required to perform
magick. Foci vary with belief, from mage to mage and paradigm
toparadigm. A Technomancer focus is often called an apparatus.

Gaia: A common name for the Earth Mother; also used by
some nature-conscious mysticks to personify the Earth and its
Near Umbra.

Gate: A temporary magickal "bridge" between two places.
Frequently created at Nodes. See Portal.

Gauntlet, The: A mystickal barrier between the Earth and
the Near Umbra.

Gilgul: The destruction of a mage's ability to work magick
by removing or destroying his Avatar. This is the most horrible
s it essentially takes away the

crime or punishment possible, 2

mage's soul.
Hedge M: in, Hedge Wi:

es a static craft to affect minor changes

rd: An un-Awakened mortal
in reality. See

An Orphan group that embraces post-mod-
ern decay and Gothic romanticism in response to the apparent
failure of both. Though they often work with Tradition mages,
they are not, as of yet, taken very seriously.

Horizon, The: The magickal barrier separating the Near
Umbra from the Deep Umbra.

Horizon Realms: Small pockets of custom-made reality;
artificial Realms on the border between the Near Umbra and
Deep Umbra. Umbral Chantries are built within them, and
earthly Chantries connect to them by way of Portals and Gates.

Hubris: The overwhelming (and often fatal) pride which
leads mages into overconfidence or excess. Monumental hubris
guides the Technocracy and lies at the heart of the Ascension War.

Incarna: Greater spirits; the servants of the Celestines. For
all intents and purposes, demigods.

Initiation: A combined test and ceremony that marks a
person's transition from apprentice to mage among the Traditions.

Mage, True Mage: An Awakened person whose actions and
beliefs dramatically alter the reality around her. Used commonly
to refer to followers of the Mystick Traditions, this term properly
applies to all users of True Magick. Also called willworkers, for
their command of reality through will; magi, after the old form;
and mysticks, for their command of magick.

Magic: Stage tricks, illusions, etc. Also refers to static magic,
which works with the momentum of reality, rather than reworking
reality by force of will.

Magick, True Magick: The act of dynamically altering
reality through force of will, knowledge and Awakened Avatar.

Marauder: An utterly unpredictable mage so given over to
eternal change that he is essentially a magickal psychotic.

Metaphysic Trinity: A Council view of the three forces of
change — Stasis, Dynamism and Entropy. Also known by some
as the Triat — Weaver, Wyld and Wyrm.

Methodology: A sub-group of a Technocratic Convention,
which specializes in a certain function.

Mystick: Those things which involve the forcesof True Magick.

Near Umbra: The part of the spirit world that exists around
each Realm. Most often used to describe the area of the Umbra
that surrounds the Earth.

Nephandus, Nephandi: A mage who follows the Path of
Descent, choosing darkness over light. Many Nephandi work
closely with demons.

Node: A highly mystickal place. Nodes collect and store
Quintessence, and the Gauntlet in their vicinity is thinner. Many
Chantries, Gates and Portals are built on these site

Oracle: One of the legendary mages who has attained mystick
perfection.

Orphans: Sleepers who have Awakened spontaneously with-
out the assistance or guidance of other mages. They have taught
themselves magick, and are often considered dangerous wild cards.

Ostracism: A punishment that completely divorces a mage
from Tradition society.

Otherworlds: Collective term for the realms outside the
Gauntlet.

Paradox: An anomalous state of reality caused when a ma
disrupts the momentum of reality with her own magickal acts.

Paradox Realm: A small Realm created by Paradox spirits to
entrap a mage and thus prevent any further disruptions of reality.

Paradox Spirit: A spirit formed from the collective beliefs of
humanity. Mages who are careless or unlucky with their magick in
front of Sleepers will find themselves hunted by these spirits.

Path: A general term for a mage's chosen destiny.

Pattern: The mystical composition of an object, entity, place
or idea.

Procedures: What Technocracy mages call their magickal
Effects.

Pure Ones: The legendary primordial beings of the Tellurian.
Many mages believe that all souls are fragments of these shattered
entities.

Pogrom, The: The systematic purge of all opposition ("ran-
dom elements") by the Technocracy.

Portal: A permanent Gate. Portals are usually guarded by
powerful spirits that require a task to be performed or a puzzle to
be solved before they will allow safe passage.

Introduction 9

d
ZN


Prime: The original unified force that composes the universe.
All things flow from this primordial ene!

Protocols, The: A code of honor e:
tions to prevent abuses of power. Violation of
by censure, branding,

ablished by the Tradi-

f this code is punishable
ostracism, death or Gilgul.

Quiet: A state of insanity caused by the excessiv
Quintessence: The stuff of magick;
universe in condensed form. See Tass.

Realms: The worlds of "solid"
Tellurian.

euse of magick.
the raw substance of the

reality that exist within the

Resonance: The mystick traces that

Rote: A tried and true magickal Effec
or weapon,

actions leave behind.

t, passed down as a tool

Seeking: A mage's Avatar-guided quest for enlightenment.
Shade Realm: The Umbral "shadow" of a Shard Realm.

Shard Realm: One of nine Realms said to have been part of

Gaia in ages past. They roughly correspond to th,
(including Luna) and the ni
a Celestine.

Sleeper: A person
aware of its existence.

¢ other planets
ine Spheres of magick. Each is ruled by

Potentially capable of magick, but not yet

Sphere: A particular element of reality manipul
Static Reality: The foreword momentum of
guided by the deeds and beliefs of humanity. M:
dynamic nature, disrupts static reality to some degre
eters of static reality have, in recent centuries,

lated by mages.
reality, often
lagick, by its
-e. The param-
become more

10

Mage: The Ascension

CUI IS
—

restrictive due to
by the Technoer:

Symposium:
these meeting
policy,

asingle global paradigm (belief

system) espoused
acy.

A monthly meeting of the

Technocracy. At
s members of the Convention:

S gather to make

Tass: Quintessence stored i
in Nodes and takes v:
mushrooms at

n physical form. Ittends tocollect

arious forms based on its surroundings — ie.,

a wooded caern, water from a s
magickal garbage mold at an urban Node.

Talisman: An object that stores
create aspecific magickal effect —
or etheric ray guns. Technocratic Talismans are called Devices,

Tapestry, The: A metaphor for reality.

Technocracy, The: A ruthless
that sei

pecific spring or

Quintessence and uses it to
+» magick carpets, wishing wells

and powerful group of mages
ful elements of reality, thus
‘afe for humanity. Their magick, based on scientific

Principle, conforms and shapes modern reality — toa point. This
sroup will not be satisfied until all possibilities lie within its
control (See Pogrom). Also called the Technocratie Union,
Tellurian: The whole of reality.
Tradition: One of the Nine Mystick Tr:
formed in the 1400s to oppose
changes of the Marauders
These are the

eks to eliminate the harmf
making it s

aditions, a Council

the Technocracy, resist the radical

and fight the evil of the Nephandi.
Akashic Brotherhood, Celestial Chor
Ecstasy, Dreamspeakers, Euth:

Ether, Verbena and Virtual A

us, Cult of
‘anatos, Order of Hermes, Sons of
depts.


Tribunal: A gathering of Council mages to discuss matters
important to the Traditions; usually held in times of strife.

Umbra: The spirit world (actually a series of worlds) outside
of the material one.

Umbrood: Any non-human not born or created on Earth.
This includes both the spirits that roam the Umbra and the
inhabitants of other Realms.

Vulgar Magick: This is the fireball-and-lightning kind of
magick, visible as such to normal observers. Vulgar magick tak
static reality and tears it out by the roots

Wyck: A common name for the original magi, supposedly
descended from the Pure Ones.

Titles
Adept: A mage with a fair degree of aptitude and power.
Apprentice: A mage who has not yet been initiated into a

Tradition. Not typically applied to Orphans.

Bani: A Council honorific meaning "Of the House of..."
Used in formal titles, like "Nightshade bani Verbena." Not in
common use.

Barabbi: A m

follow the dark Path of the Nephandi.

ge who renounces her former loyalties to

Bygone: A mythic beast that has abandoned its physical form
for an Otherworldly one.

Celestine: The greatest of the spirits, equal in pow
ancient gods; said to rule the Shard Re

alms.

Consor: A mage
rable ability.

's powerful ally; not a mage, but of compa-

Deacon: A common name for the founding member ofa well-
established Chantry.
Disciple: The lowest rank among the Tradition mages. Dis-
ciples can perform magick and have joined a Tradition.
Errant: A vengeful mage whose Chantry
destroyed. Errants are frequently shunned by other mages.

nd cabal have been

Fellow: A full member of a Chantry, but not a founding
member and therefore of lower status than its De:

cons.
Garou: The term that werewolves use for themselves (also
used by mages who want their respect).
Guardian: A term some Council mages use to indicate the
"challenging" aspect of the Avatar, who pits a Seeking mage
against herself to advance her Arete.

Kindred: The term that vampires use for themselves.

Lord: An Umbrood spirit; less powerful than an Incarna but
more powerful than either Preceptors or Minions.

Master: A mage of great power and ability
Mentor: One mage who teaches another.

Minion: One of the least powerful Umbrood spirits.
Pedagogue: A Hermetic tutor of great fame, usually quite
powerful and surrounded by students
Preceptor: An Umbrood spirit that is less powerful than a
Lord, but still more powerful than a Minion

used to refer to the founders of the
Traditions and their living representatives at the Council. Also
used to indicate Chantry founders.

Rogue: A renegade mage turned mercenary.

IN

Sentinel: One of the guardian mages of a large Chantry; not
typically a member herself.

Technomancer: A mage whose magick revolves around some
scientific principle. Often used to describe mages of the Technoc-
racy, the term properly applies to Virtual Adepts and Sons of Ether
as well.

Tutor: Mages who have become known as proficient teach-

ers. The
Old Form

Certémer

are highly regarded by other mages.

A magickal, non-lethal duel between Council

mages.
Curtain, The: The reality in which most Sleepers believe;
a Sleeper is Awakened, she is brought "through" the Curtain
and sees that things are not truly as they seem.
Fallen One: A Nephandu

Grog: A familiar form of custos.

when

Magus: A mage.

Postulant: A mage who serves the Oracles, trying to gain
admittance to their ranks.

Turb: A group of Grogs, used as one would use a "pride" of
lions or a "murder" of crows.

Vis: Quintessence

Vulgar Argot
Black Hats & Mirrorshades: The Technocracy, taken from

the traditional uniform of the enforcers of the Technocracy.

Bloodwork: Any magick that requires a tremendous amount
of effort and involves risk to life and limb. Also, Verbena magick.

Copperfield: Slang for a mage adept at performing vulgar
magick in plain sight.

Crystal Wavers: "New Agers" who have no idea what true
magick is, but capitalize on it anyway; charlatans. Occasionally

used as an insult to the Dreamspeakers.
Doxed: A mage who accumulates a lot of Paradox is said to be
doxed.
Dram: One Tass of Quintessence.

Faust: A n

cially dangerous ones.

ze who bargains excessively with spirits, espe-

Freak: A dangerously insane mage; often applied to Maraud-
ers and Nephandi.

Fry: To attack someone with magick, specifically with the

sphere of Fore

gic!

Goin' Satanic: Joining the Nephandi

Greyface: A Technomancer, taken from the Principia
Discordia. Describes any mage or scientist who focuses on confor-
mity.

Juice: Quintessence.

Merlin: An old mage, especially one who very rarely visits
Earth anymore.

Mundane: A normal human; a Sleeper.

Nuke: What Paradox spirits do to those they attack.

Pit Bulls: Werewolves; considered derogatory.

Technobabble: A derogatory term for the propaganda and
inflexible magick used by the Conventions.

Wyld & Fried: An insane ma;

often applied to Marauders.

Introduction int

QY

D.WWY,

0m Nia

Book Oo Ie. The Flesh

"

The Fallen One

Sometimes she could
even taste the dream,
Pa lingering like sour
cockroach ice
WY cream. Singed-
skin scent and the
cry of betrayal
haunted her into
waking, even: now,
ten years later.
Monique shook herself from dozing. If
she'd cried out, the sound was lost in the
room's thick darkness. Rubbing at her e
she fumbled for the Camel pack beside the
desk and absently flicked her fingers to light the
bloody thing.

The single ember cast a brief glow on the
polished panel walls, then receded to a whisper.
New smoke mingled with still air as Monique
willed herself to breathe slower, easier, and to focus
again on the book before her. Images she would
once have called obscene now offered familiarity,
a welcome break from past horrors.


The first slap had been the hardest; after that, it became frighteningly easy to lash out at
Jacob's squalling face, painting it deep red, inspiring, at times, louder, more voluptuous
screams. Though she felt some small regret for the pain she'd caused the child, all guilt
had fled her long before the Rebirth. What use was guilt without repentance, and of
what use was repentance to the damned?
The dull plop ofash on the page broke her reverie. The sound brought her back
to the present. Best not to dwell on hard choices. The arcane scrawl beckoned,
j \ enticing her with wisdoms that were old before the Flood. Monique finished

the cigarette with a last heavy drag, scattered the ash with a wave, and delved
¢ further into the unspeakable.
¢ There was still so much to learn.

And God knew she'd paid the price for it. Ue

vet



1) ts eZ

DLW

Chapter One:
The Tellurian

Humans think they know what reality is, what life's about. They
think they know because they can think. ‘I think, therefore I know.'
Their attitude is ‘I'm at the top of the food chain, so I get to decide
what's real and what's not

What they don't want to be simply doesn't exist. Except,
perhaps, in their dreams. Or nightmares. So they end up watching the
shadows on the wall of the cave, thinking that's how the world really
is, They never look at the things throwing the shadows.

~ Nancy Collins, In the Blood

Awarenes: She giggled. "Not like Peter Kobie, which is what? Caribbean?"

Her attempt to sound urbane fell flat

The Seduction He shook his head. "Boca Raton." He took another drink. "So you
Peterdrank fromhis flaskand held ittoClarissa's have a dorm room?"

lips, tipping a burning swallow down her throat. He "Uh, yeah." She stared at the floor, embarrassed

ran a finger over her chin, wiping away the stray drops,

His leather jacket creaked as he pulled out a key. "We'll go to my
licking them from his hand. His other arm wound

pad. Actually, a friend of mine's place. She left me a key."

Crostnd :her shoulders asi they ‘sat on: sageme; soya Clarissa felt her breath shorten. "What will we do there?"

Peter smiled as he pressed his mouth to her neck, his long fingers
sliding down her sweater, his thumbs touching her collarbone, stroking

50s TV Americana to m chestell of her beasts
In the five minutes they'd sat there, she'd told him her name. He

hadn't asked anything else

Dlarissa Ryan," he repeated. "Sounds kind of

"You have to ask?" he whispered

Chapter One: The Tellurian 15

SA RRR


lS

NO Ail

Look at the world about you. Look and see it, with both
mundane and Awakened sight. See the endless sky, the trees thick
with life; see your own hand, each inch of flesh a mesh of miracles.
Feel your blood, hear the wind, and tell me nothing magickal is
real.

Welcome, friend. I've been expecting you. You heard the
sound of my drum calling to you, I see. I know what it is that you
wish; you've come to ask me to show you the wonders to be found
beyond this world. I will guide you in your quest. Before we move
beyond physical reality, however, I must tell you of the Tellurian
and the Tapestry. Have no fear. It will not take long....

The Tellurian

Mages refer to all of reality as the Tellurian. You have often
heard those around you speak of the universe. They believe that
they are speaking of everything that there is, as if the universe were
all-encompassing. The universe is but the physical part of reality —
the stars and planets, and the creatures and objects found therein.
We also see the world of the spirit which exists side by side with
physical reality, overlapping it and occupying the same space. We
call the sum-total of all earthly things the Tellurian, the physical
and spiritual together — all the possible realms of existence, all

that is natural and supernatural, all hopes, dreams and possibili-
ties. In short, all of reality th , that may be imagined, and
that might someday be. It's a complex concept, but a simple one
as well. This is the mages' understanding of reality, the under-
standing that allows a willworker to bend reality to her will, forall
things are already possible, though not everything is easy to bring
into being in the mundane reality of our Earth. This was not always
so, but that's another story.

at ever W:

The Tapestry

Alll those things which are a part of the Tellurian are threads
in the mystick weave we call the Tapestry. This Tapestry
metaphor for the complex interweaving of all physical, spiritual
and intellectual elements. Together they forma wondrous, magickal
fabric which is ever changing and growing. Much of the basis of
magick comes from this image of a great Tapestry; we cast spells

isa

which weave reality to our visions, creating new patterns and
altering old ones. We speak of ley lines, bright strands of Quinte
sence some call Gaia's ribbons, the Primal threads that flow across
the face of our Earth. We locate Nodes, the meeting places where
ley lines come together and one thread is tied to another, forming
the strong knots that are the basis of our Tapestry. All the different
threads are interwoven to make a whole. Our Tapestry is never

finished, howev

er, for the weaving continues as we move toward
Ascension.

To our sorrow, the threads which make up the Tapestry are
fragile things. Many spiritual threads that should have remained
strong have been severed and left to atrophy. Those of my
Tradition, the Dreamspeakers, believe that just as a tapestry frays
and falls apart if the threads are cut or broken, so too will all of
reality fall into nothingness should our foes ever succeed in wholly

separating our material world from the world of mind and spirit.
The physical world both shapes the spiritual one and is shaped by

it in return, like the warp and woof of any fabric. All things are
part of both worlds. Todeny one or the other unravels the Tapestry

and leads to our own unmaking.

Mundane Reality

~ There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,
Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
— William Shakespeare, Hamlet

Now that you see how everything is a part of
the whole, you'll understand why I begin your

journey by showing you the world you think you
already know. Look around you at the city: the

streets stretch away in fractured spiderweb pat-
terns, choked with refuse and twisting around

impossibly tall buildings bedecked with gargoyles
and glittering with thousands of lights. The city's glow blots out
the sky's candles, almost as if they were veiled by a cloud of
kness. Even were we to turn offall the lights, the choking gasses

from our cars and factories would serve to do the same
Look at that woman scurrying down the street. She clutches

her purse and holds her coat together as though they were prote
tive talismans. She's right to be fearful; there are many evil things
abroad in the city at night. Most of them exist in the day as well,
but we can pretend then that we're stronger and less afraid; it's
easier to see something threatening at a distance and turn aside
before we meet it.

Do you see the derelicts gathered around the trashcan fire
they've built in the alley? Some of them deaden their fear and pain
with cheap wine or crack; others are too beaten down or crazy to
care.

16 Mage: The Ascension

Ah, here comes a patrol car. Its headlights illuminate the
woman for a moment, and she flinches as though she were a deer

in a hunter's sights. The faces of the police officers inside a

re set
and grim. They've spent too long at a job they cannot successfully
carry out, becoming cynical and almost as violent as those they

once sought to control. The patrol car turns to move down the
alley, and the men scatter away from their fire. Perhaps they've
been involved in a crime; perhaps not. It doesn't matter. They
would surely be blamed for something if they were caught.

Come, walk with me to the club down the street. You can
hear the pounding music even from here. The children who wait
to get inside instinctively feel the darkness around them and
embrace it in their dress and attitudes. They do not run from the
fear but seek to incorporate it, wearing their spidery black clothing
and trying to out-cool one another. They seek to understand while

pretending not to care. They listen, and they watch, and some few
of them Awaken.

Let's leave the more squalid parts of the city and look at the
government buildings and high-rise apartments of the wealthy.
Here, one mirrored glass edifice reflects eerily inside another in an
infinity of warped self-images. In that regard, they're much like
those who live and work inside them: each stands in silent, aloof
isolation. For all their inhabitants, they are monuments not to
humankind's rationality and accomplishments, but to our greed
and bitter pride.


Even the countryside has been ravaged. Where once there
stood deep old-growth forests, bursting with life and filled with
birdsong, there are now cheap trash pines, planted to keep the soil
from washing away altogether. Strip mining tears gashes into the

earth, leveling hills and beating down mountains. Raw sewage
belches out from broken pipes running to the sea. Now that sea
returns the poisons to us in toxic shellfish and acid rain.

People are afraid, cowed by governments, corporations and
more honest criminals. They fear the unknown and the uni
What the
might be even worse. This is the dream of the Technocracy, this
barren, lifeless, soulless world which they claim they made so that

nny.

already know is bad enough; they refuse to face what

people would be safe and free. This is what the Sleepers see
Despite it all, there is an alluring grandeur to our world, a
siren's call which beckons us to search for hope and goodness in her

corrupted cities and wilderness. And this the Sleepers also see.
Some few have not given up, and we of the Traditions hope to reach
them. Some become our acolytes, guarding and helping us while
theystrive to Awaken. Because such people still believe, we canstill

change reality in small ways, weaving new patterns into the Tapes-

tryand bringing old patterns to the fore
everything we see, though they try to understand. Most Sleepers,

gain. Even they cannot see

dazzled by promises of a better tomorrow through science, have not

yet learned to bring truth into focus through Awakened eyes.

Behind the Facade

During a carnival men put on masks over their masks
Xaiver Forneret
Our vision is keener than that of our Sleeping brethren. We
see more of the true picture of reality and know more about the
forces at work behind the scenes. If you wish to comprehend the
workings of the world, you cannot ignore those who pull the strings
and make the rules.

The Supernatural

Where Sleepers see only big business and remot

Monumental
governments, we behold the vampires lurking in the shadows,
whose control over mortal affairs drags our world downward. Do you
think I'm spinning folk tales when I speak of vampires? They're

quite real, I assure you. As real as the Garou, whom you would call
werewolves. Don't smirk — they're often our allies. They too walk
the other worlds you wish to know. In this world and in the Umbra,

they fight for Gaia, driving back creatures like you have never
imagined. We will speak more of these when I take you beyond the
barrier which separates this world from that of the spirit

Hidden from the eyes of the world (and certainly from most
paranormal investigators), ghosts inhabit dusty halls and tumble-
down houses. Some say that ghosts are those who could not stand
to lose the world of the living, or those whose tasks are not yet
finished, who linger to fulfill their final promises. Many wraiths, as

they call themselves, are like that. These mean no harm to you so

long as you leave them alone. We who undergo death ourselves,

whether real or symbolic, understand these sad
spirits.

and passionate

You don't believe in ghosts either? Perhaps you think that the
tribes who danced the Ghost Dance were all fools? There was
power in their dances, and many of the soldiers who killed the
medicine men would have told you they believed. But that was long
ago, and will not come again on this Earth.

NA

Chapter One: The Tellurian 17


WK

Mage: The Ascension

Evil wraiths called spectres will try to possess you, so it's best
if the dead are left to themselves. Alas, there are no end of fools
who call such spirits into themselves, wittingly or otherwise.
Those possessed by such spirits may perform the most heinous of
crimes and never know what they've done.

Faeries still exist as well. Changed, of course — how could
they not be? The Technocracy did its best to drive them out and
erase the memories of the Fair Folk, but tales remain, as do the
changed ones. You will not see tiny sprites perched atop mush-
rooms (at least not in this world), but someday you may see an

‘ar the

elegant faerie knight astride his galloping steed, or h

delicate strains of faerie melodies carried on the wind from their
hidden glens. Many never left us, and others are returning. Be glad,
for it signals a crack in the Technomancers' defenses.

The Mages

Those officials who are not the vampires' puppets dance to
the tune of the Technocracy. The Stagnant Ones' thoughts and
beliefs echo down the corridors of power, bending reality to their
vision of Utopia. Their towers loom overhead, casting shadows
over us as their world view crushes dreams into dust. Don't
fantasize, don't protest, and for God's sake, don't ask questions.
How the Nephandi must laugh

Their vision shapes much of the world today, but it was not
alwaysso. The Stagnant Ones have not twisted everything to their
design as yet, or we would not be mages ourselves. Some parts of
the world still hold to their traditional beliefs and have never
fallen completely under the Technocrats' sway

The Nephandi? Evil to the core! The Corrupted Ones have
sold themselves to the Wyrm, the embodiment of entropy and
depravity. Many such followers of the Path of Dark Reflection
control political leaders and corporate officers. They too must share
the blame for the spiritual affliction of the world. These Fallen deal
with spirits that many call demons and seek to corrupt young mages

from their chosen Paths, dragging them into labyrinthine pits. Do
not listen to their lies; they take from you what you can least afford

to give — your soul. If you were gifted with the most rare and
beautiful jewel you had ever seen, would you sell it for a common
pebble? Be warned: Have no dealings with the Nephandi.
Maraudersare a difficult case. These mad mages want many of the
same things the Traditions do. Where we seek to loosen the grip the
Technocracy has on the world, they try to break the Technomancers'

wrists, grind their fingers into dust and extrude whatever pulp of the
world is left. They are chaos personified, insane. They want too much

too fast and care little what effect this has on Gaia or Her people.
Unless you seek destruction from the Paradox which follows them like

storm crows, avoid the Mad Ones whenever possible.

What of the other Tradition mages? We all strive for Ascen-
sion, but most of us follow wildly different paths toward
enlightenment. You need only know that they are your allies. In
afight against the Stagnant Ones, the Nephandi or the Marauders,
you will find much common ground. Use it, but be aware that not

every Tradition mage is your friend

The Hunters

There are some among the Sleepers who believe that there is
more to reality than blindness. They themselves may have other

talents — hedge magic or psychic abilities — which give them
glimpses into the world we mag
as hidden as we do. Some, like the Arcanum, merely wish to study

es see. Most such mortals remain


U
N

EE NAl|

61 uenny}a] ay], uC Jaadey

ayp ur as ud Buryoo k st asejdauy ayL "Joypour Aur {q UaAcm
sea 100] 942 UO Bru ayL INO BuLAp woy way daoy 02 [10 yA
paqqna ang ‘poom a1eq aue sjjea\ pur si ay | "apisino saoipnfaid
pue sjatfaqsip 4no4 aavay asvayq "uIqe> Au Or aod],

suinpoueg

wunioueg AULISIA ]]IM 9a GeYAattOs soajasino paysaayos
Davy aM UDYA\ "DIENPAU puL a]TYe aU YALA UIs pu aMIOD

pue sadeys Aureus ut sawoo ssv_p styp ‘S9pony O47 "S50,
[29 atros yeUp sig peyDIeuL ‘gouassa ATaYpA Jo WO} [ELIE e PUIyaq
ava] Auepy siua]UoD 40 adeys stay} Jo ssoppuesax Je

Sopon aue
Jo} ‘JaneUt a, usaop aoueueadde s19y J "spuod payjyJ-o3pnys.10 S19] 49eq
umans

eques a1e s1OYIC "Maj v AWILU O} ‘spuNoW aHaKy pur spunols
Jeung ‘s}jeporem ‘sanquatu ‘sjood Surpyreds ‘suorrewu0y 4902 jnpamod
‘saqu9 aun] [¥38h49 ‘soAou8 paudes :19M0d osaoupd ABU aIv-919Y |,
suotssed 1aypo 40 ssoupes ‘paney ‘Aof ‘9Ao] Yptar yUeUOSaE
aq pue ‘asodind 40 Buyjaay aepnorued v 01 pareoipep aq uDAa
Avt sapony "iuads uaaq aavy suONOWA Ias8 a19ym seare J9yI0
pur sais [Bannsay ‘spjayapzeq woy Surads ssaypo arya — suon

-BUO} 4904 1eAIB Puk sassauap]iM — spreaaad AB19UD apt] asaya

saoejd ut punoy are sapony Aueyy "suoneaqra SnaypedIAs Jo sjood
Buruosaq ‘aoefd e jo aimeu jeMutds ay ais pue avesp or purr
sapon ‘AB19U9 aft] Jo UOIDaYA4 S,9PON aYp St [99} NOK IY AK,
-ooe[d-romod siup jo asind aup asuas ued pauayeay
am ang ‘9Aos8 AyD inoge nseIUL} A[preANO Burou st a9y[,
"spoom asous Aq papunouns saan A]U0 99s pjnom ajdoad asopy "9104 st
qeYp aMod ay pur ssoujnyasvad ay Yroq J99} pue say>ueaq BurUTA
aay tpeouag ypeA\ "saumyiad asaq stay Yrm pawope sn r0a18
Aayp Sweo] aya pur suddsBi9aa ayp |]>tug "SuWOD ano jo saypoue
duo 1]91 Ay] "Joyo Yea asuTese SuLradstym saysuerg ay 01 L9IST]
001 11 J99j PU MOU IT aas NOA "yy ‘paddins saysueag sloyp ‘pur
ayp ur Surzaatys pue payeu puers saan saypK "ulese au109 01 aUTUINS

10} Buntem ‘possysim st sseaB ayp ‘punore qe 194 "BurmosB pue
uals ‘Suons pur |Je1 — AJaAoj ase Aayp ‘sax {MOA 1 seadde Aap op
Mop {S99 BY ng BuIyOU das no< og] -JoMod jo aovfd est sty "dun

YD YUN s,24 ang "Aa19 aYD Woy 1k} Pa}PAeN 9A,9M IY? MOUY |

1IMOd JO S9dLIq

-aoejd aaiddey v 01 mou 08 01 Ysta |
‘yBnoug ‘samonus Suruapeap-[nos s19yp UO Youew pue rYysTU DUO
Uuayeme 11 as9] ‘9012 e UDAP aAv9q 03 posvas AoW sdeysag "UdWDAed
Inq Mou aioy Surpiou st 194 J, "31 Punore pue] ap paztuas ovey
Aaupi se Ajains se apon ayp pades avy Aay J ‘aut 01 sButs 298u0] Ou
inq ‘9]doad Aur oy SuoJaq 02 pasn purl stp ‘9194p Sat MOUY J *uodn
ns Aatp apoN ayp osinastp AJar9]dwo> 1oUUe> SuIpparys 119yp UAT
{E998 NOA OG] "UIEBe Yoo] IYI] ay 40g dors am a]LYAs ‘MON
aatpe aye Aayp asoyp UO WHOpad Aayp SUaUNIadxa snonsuOUL
ay Jo souiois preay 94, qe] Yoreasoa Uoppry & avy ATporqnopun
Aatp) a1ya ‘stuyeayy WOOF] UMO AIAYp Jo 9UO 01 S908 a1ayMaUIOS
Uuopply euiog & !moys 10] ATWO aze sau UDA "DUI UI Uap 10 NLP
LTH Aq paioaioad pue papyarys ‘punousiopun are sqey pear ay] 10m
jus.a4 Aaya yurypoya siodaa]g may e U9Ad pue dU

r199s-dou ut

-dinbo qe] ‘stainduros :Adojouypar ajqeyzeuaiun ing ‘paresnstydos
298 pam ‘Apisuy 08 01 a1aM aA JT ~JopuOM | ‘UT WAY 40 INO sn

doay o 1 jAypeyoiseu pur Aypeoishyd yaog poosoyutas Ayraeay GOUAXa

Jeuuou ayp puryaq uappry Supping yeas ayp 9s Nos og "ssed am se
aimonuasatp ae IYsIs ase yr Yoo] ‘sh asHou Aew ayes ayp Ie prend

ayp 10 ‘doas 104 op ang ‘Ay Moys Aq sseq "SIO] SuPped pue 91919U09 jo

yp0]q e UNYAIA Jdia v ay}] SysaU AI ‘sse]s pauayzep pure [aars Awd [TY
UIp]INg ay aas nos oq "duns jeLsnpur yetp Suope UAOp UNL

"qe] Ypueasas & sajquuasas Nos avoys ]],[ 9UO ay
40 stadex9shys 941] 00] sizANsuOD saDUEWOUYD? |

wod sno map sn jo AUBLE YDIYM Woy aoUassaUINg) Jo

ang ‘sau013e
suey
s]Jm ay pue swupeay UOZOP Ano 01 shay ap a1e S>PON 9594] OP
01 WYP MOT]e OU ASML 9M SurPautos ‘yay UO spony A1DAd AoNNSaP

40 JNUOD o1 ayH] P,AY_L, ‘saseq AYP JoMod O1 SaPON{ 02 Ss9Dde 998
001 Aayp pue ‘siomasuod shemeapry soup [peo sodeyy eIg ay

sponiysuoD

OA yA aeys OF YOU Davy J "se AUL 393 5,19] ‘AUIOD
"UMO? 01 UNO? LOY S9AOU TBE sng e UE pasnoy
uo Jo pavay UdAa davy | ‘sBulyp JUdUBUWHAd aq IOU podu saTUEYS)
‘as Ayqeqosd ued nos sy ‘saueaqi] [90] stay Iv stHOO1 BuUNVDUE
40 s]]ey drysmoj]aj uaa staypo fsqn]> 99ue

Jo sieq Uy soo!

Uy Iau SoBe aLOg "Op |]!M\ SIIvAYD 9LAOUL pJo Lada Jo soyDuNyD
‘sofop sue jemeur ‘suseg sasnoy aq Jou padu solUeYD

ying aze souaueyD uappry a1ow axayas stuTeay Woz] atp [any or
aouassaiuingy Sutmesp ‘sapon Yyons uodn as sauUEYD J981e] KUL,
AW -yreatiag sisas aPON YusAU ow soy ‘Buryoo] Aq Ajduns uoHoUNy
Si] ]J92 204 Pjnod sasew uaAd pue ‘asnoy sip jo Sunpou yup

pjnom siadaajg st a1 sdezag ‘paruney st asnoy aya yury Ay] | saUC
OTOH] SAJastuatp |]e9 OYM SyoHshut ‘o1ayp aay suEYAI "UO pauM
{around a] ayp aavy o1 proye a,ued Aqqeqord Aay J ¢AouNYD ayp Wo
Sunjup ayows ayp pur ‘pisut SuLayary saypues ayp aag "uryaIN
woyy aurys sayst] Ma} pue ‘]Jam se yoUuIq auv sureUND ay "TUIed
¥Pe]q Suyaad oyp 204 aaes "490/g ay UO asnoy JOyPO Aue ayL] YoNUE
S00] 3] "AnUYD k St saUI09 ayp UO asnoy URLOIDA JO IYL

solyuey

"saumupyd payed a1 4ayp ‘saeyd yons Kuewt
Adau998 UL YeID Ino aed ALMA aM azaya sINoAprY
YL "Xopeseg Woy sn prend pue ASrOUD YM sn
aptaoad 1eyp 2am0d Jo sazejd asoup ano »yaas pjhom am aeyp peMeU

aaey an

se aasas osye a:

A]uo say ‘sn uodn yeq Xopeaeg Jo soo10j oy sjauUEYD Jorjaqun
lays ‘|S 9810 4) "WUALAY!p Butag 40} wNOp sn qUNY pynom siadaajg
Aueur sv ‘sada pauayemy-un Woy s1y Ano aply 01 padu a/\

S90e[d YOUSAW

"souiestaape Jo sno1o1a ysow ap aq, UD Aoyp ‘Aaatd jo ste ALOUD Aq UT
wayeI 9 10U OG] "sAOP sNIOYD [BIS9}2D UNO Ino reYp SHUI auTes aya
jo Auew ut aaatjaq pur pos Aq pamorsag us9q sey oumnsse Aayp ore
donoeid waxp jo Auew aout Auod! yeaud v ‘suOWAp ttm ansea| Ut aq or

snjo ype Suraayaq

amod sno noge JeANIeU BUIyIOU sas AI9190g YL,
YA sBuryp asoup sXonsap uayp ‘sdrysiom puryuewnyy

quaiyip ase
"WPS ay] se pjo se wed e ypRy Aoyp ‘SIU UT "Ino a dues pue
JUaIayIp Sunpaue puy — som skeaye Aayp se auues ay yonwu are sue
a1ayp ang ‘pjodoa] Jo AID190g ayp soAjaswaYp [Je> ay, "uORNINSUE
JeAdrpaus rey jo sHorayur ayp ‘uoRsINbuUy ayp st asaya Uay,

oA puy sae asayp Jo auo pynoys santige
Jeisads ou Aenag -aouesoust soy ur ysnur aeay ing ‘sue pue
samod jenioe ano Jo apy] MOUY AAYLL AAMOd UL, asoUp Jo spurUE
ay fonUD 02 s19M0d ano asn |]IM 9M IUD Akay Av Ay v SsUodLaM

se s:

few NAIAI O1 ULM AUT SIDYIO "JaYIOUL 10 UOHUAAUOD
Adei90UYp2 J dUO 404 90M Watp Jo ALU ep astULINs | "sasodind

UMOUZUN LJ sn y1] asYp INO Y9as sIUDBE IUDLIDAOS 9WIOg

Je ae Surpou wed}
Aaup jt asag st a] "S90} pauteaasaa sso] ano 02 Uo ssed ays Ady apo
-|MOUY snosaSuEp ayp Joy Ing ssayweY aq Pjnow day] ‘euaMoUayd
JexP13ew ppo Jo saajomaiam pue sordues ay! sdutaq aduens


IS

NO Ail

center of the cabin, and my bed is a mattress stuffed with herbs and
grasses, The tools of my Art hang from the rafters overhead, and
my drum sits in a place of honor next to the door so I may take it
with me when I leave. Over there, [keep astash of herbs andastore
of seeds to feed the squirrels.

No, there isn't much here, butit'sall I need. This is my reality,
the place that I have set to mirror my beliefs. I come here to seek
answers from the spirits or to walk the Otherworlds. This is the
home and the heart of my magick. Because I have created this
reality for myself, all my magickal workings within this Sanctum
are considered coincidental, almost natural. Nearly anything is
possible for me within my Sanctum, and I guard it with my life. I
show it to you now as an act of trust; someday, you will need a
Sanctum of your own.

Now that I have shown youll I can of this world, let us sleep
so we may be prepared for our greater journey. May your dreams be
filled with the answers that you seek.

Before we leave the earthly realm, let me tell you why what
we do is so necessary. Most mages believe that the Earth, which

some of us

call Gaia, is the center of the Tellurian, the only source
of Prime Essence and of those pure shards, known to most a:
human souls and we Awakened as Avatars. All e

centers around us and takes its shape in response to human
imaginings and creativity. I am proud to be one of the Awakened,
and I will strive to my last breath and beyond to keep Gaia from
falling to sterility, madness or the dark. What I will not do is tell
you that we are the center of it all, or that we are the only source
of Quintessence, or that Awakened life does not exist somewhere

else among all the planets of our Tellurian. I am only an old
Dreamspeaker, but I know this: Nature loves infinite diversity,
and to claim that we are the only source of magick in the whole of
reality is to deny that principle. It is sheerest Earthnocentricism,
if there is such a word. We warn alll young mages against hubris, ot
excessive pride, yet we teach them such foolishness. I am content

to save my world. Who could ask for more?

The Otherworlds

All we know for sure is that we don't know anything for
sure.

— Neil Gaiman, The Books of Magic

The Gauntlet

Beyond the confines of our world lies the first
Mystick Barrier: the Gauntlet. The Technomancers
will tell you that they formed the barrier to prevent
free travel between the physical and spirit worlds.
They lie. While they have done whatever they can to strengthen
the Gauntlet, they neither created it, nor do they understand it. It
isa natural barrier formed by the energies of the Earth, holding the
spirit world separate from the physical. Once the two may hav
intermingled freely; now they must be held separate. The universe
is out of harmony, and the Gauntlet must function as an immune
system, insulating one from the other. Each, however, is a separate
and necessary place. The physical world provides stability so that
we may have form and substance. The spirit world gives us chaos
energy and meaning so that we may imbue those forms with life
and creativity.

The Gauntlet serves the same purpose as your skin; it differ-
entiates that which is you from that which surrounds you. Your
skin does not prevent air from passing into your body, but it does
keep out most harmful things, unless it is damaged. The Gauntlet
was meant to be the same, but has been toughened in most places
by the disbelief engendered by the Stagnant Ones. Like scar tissue,
this makes it difficult for even beneficent spirits to cross over
without help. Because of this, much that was vital and spiritual
about our world has atrophied and died.

We will cross the Gauntlet now. I have brought you to a
secluded spot where the barrier is thinner. In the city, the mem-
brane is too thick, the disbelief too heavy for us to easily pass
through. Here | hope we will find it a simpler task. Sit now, and
listen to my drum. Forget yourself, and place yourself in my hands.
When all is ready, when we both see the mist that is the Gauntlet,
we will rise and walk through it.

20 Mage: The Ascension

There are other ways to cross. Some mages use Mind magick
to send their astral forms into the spirit worlds, forming astral
bodies for themselves and trailing a silver cord behind them. I
prefer to go in person, myself. Now, take this feather. Hold it in
front of you. Study its lines and colors, and I'll tell you how to cross
and what will happen when we do.

The Garou call this stepping sideways. Essentially, I make a
doorway through the Gauntlet with my feather, allowing us to
simply step into the spirit world beyond. It's important that you

banish fear and have confidence while I do this. It would be best

if we work together, though I can take you through regardless. Can
you feel the nearness of the spirit world leaking through the
Gauntlet? That's called the Periphery. If you can feel that nebulous
spirit touch, you're on the Periphery and ready to cross over. Good.
Now listen closely.

we cross over, | will transform our physical bodies into the
stuff of spirit. Heh, I thought that might bother you. Tell me why.
Do you believe you are alive? Of course you do. Then show me your

life; no, breath and heartbeat are signs of life, not life itself. Show

me what animates your physical body; your brain is an organ, not
an animating spirit. I could keep your brain alive long after your
spirithad fled. So tell me, which part of you is real, the spirit or the
flesh? If you like, you may think of it like this. Here on Earth, your
physical body is what surrounds your spirit; there the opposite is
true. You leave no mortal shell behind. It is subsumed into your

spirit body. Believe, and listen to my drum.

How does it feel to you? To me, it always feels as though I'm
moving through clouds of softest cotton. There's a slight resis-
tance, then it parts before me. Do you see it changing color? There
are no such hues on Earth. Now we are almost through. Have you
noticed the scents yet? Even the air has taste. Do you hear the

music of the spirits? We are here.

The Near Ombra

We have reached the Near Umbra, a place contiguous to the
real world, overlapping it by resting parallel to it and occupying
the same space as it does, but on a different plane or another
dimension, so to speak. It extends from the Penumbra, a spiritual
mirror of the Earth, into the three layers, or Worlds, of thought,

spirit and death. Its boundaries are the Gauntlet on one side and
the Horizon on the other. In the Umbra, Paradox has less power.
The spiritual richness of this Velvet Shadow is not weighed down
by disbelief; much more is possible here because of that

Before we continue, I must warn you that our trip may not be
without danger. There are many natural denizens of the Umbral
world, spirits which we call Umbrood. We may meet some upon our
journey. Treat them with respect, and do what I do. They rarely

bother me, but you are a stranger to them and they may decide to

test you.

Now we' mirror to my cabin. Do you see the crystals

glowing? Can you feel the love that forms each pattern of the rug
my mother made for me? Everything here is a spiritual reflection
of our own Earth. Here everything is revealed for its true nature

Why do I glow? I am a Master of Spirit, and the spirit world
recognizes its own. Someday, you too may glow when you cross
into this world

The Penumbra

We are in the Penumbra, that portion which mirrors the
physical world. It is more true to the spirit or nature of a place,
ms to reflect its spiritual health rather than

however, and often se
the form it w
changed.

s in the physical world. Some things are utterly

Look at the grove; they're large, beautiful trees on Earth, but
here they tower overhead, their branches thick with greenery and
th. I always want to dance when I am here. Now that
the changes in my cabin? I am no

good h

we're outside, can you se
carpenter, but here the care I tried to take is reflected in the clean

lines and polished wood I could never have achieved on Earth.
This is the spirit of my Sanctum, not merely its reflection.

Let me show you more. We'll journey toward the city, though
we will not enter. It's far too dangerous for your first trip into the
Umbra. Just walk as though you were at home. The Akashic
Brothers would say,

"Be, do not do," but you are doing fine. I see
you understand my hesitation to approach the city. It's foul, isn't
it squats dry as dust and reeking of the

it? Lifeless, barren, soulles
poisons within. Those webs you see strung all around and through
it are made by pattern spiders. Everywhere that life and feeling
have been eradicated by the twisted vision of the Technocracy,
ry place that yields itself to technology rather than spirit is
calcified into stagnation by the webs. They delineate the city's

e

form and prevent it from growing or progressing spiritually.

Everything is not the same, though. Remember the sky-
scraper we saw? Look where it stood. No skyscraper! It doesn't
have the emotional impact to displace what stood there before.
Here in the Penumbra its place is taken by an old, worn stone

church. Look how the stained glass windows shine! It must hav
hosted many worshippers over the years, and the memory of that
place lingers here where its vital spirit never died.

IN

YK

N

VM

Chapter One: The Tellurian 21

diysuonejaz ayy ur samod asowr ayp pjoy Ajuessa2au
nod wy 40 Buta 19yS1y v a1e NOS eUp aUINsse I0U Op ‘APUEWOdUIT
SOW *3]qNON Si} 40} preMo1 Jo UDWARd UIs IIIds ay2 IYO
sSuryrou puewiocy "djay sat ysv pue snoaynod aq ‘auo LoUTUUNS OA
uatyA\ "Uarst] Ing Nos Jt YoNUU MOA YsvAI Ue WopsIA.IDY J.T]
ypaq INOA We STuWAIas 10 stad 10U ‘Aasafew pue JaMod 1933 Jo sBUTIq
auv Ady, JonuoD Aayp [99) Aayp asos9IUT Jo sazayds aejnonued Aue

p> pur

pure arqetqut zo 9jna Aoxp stupeay ayp ‘sap pue soureu swutds asap
01 avy [],NOA ‘pyom autds ay YIM axour jap NOA jy

spudy pue suoWIap Wap [qe] P|NOA snNIOYD [ENS>]2D
eds Jo soypvar asaysep ay Woy saaMwead> uate ase Ay

ayy ‘99!
yuntp s1aypo spos y1ep payfed aq 01 y8nous soMod yarn suutds ore
Ady aaat]aq sn Jo atuog "Ipueyday atp Jo staasew ayp SurwI22009
SuPyuryp sno Ut poptarp are af ‘poorquip] se UMOUY ae ‘sw]EIY
Jayzo Jo SUeIqeYUT 10 squids ayy ‘eIquIE) a4 Jo saanieas>
DULL "SWIOJ Hays say!pHTOs pue woyp suayuans Jarjaq ano ‘seo
Aue uy ‘pueasiopun |],am yuryp Aatp sXem ur saajaswoyp qudsoad
01 yoas Aoyp sdeysog "sioisuow! pue sainyeaz o1pAus ‘suowap
‘syaktu qUaoue Woy spod se sn 01 svadde 01 asooy> J

jazaur pue

a9uaistxo UMO st9tp pey sAearpe avvy Ady? aaatjag | s9UO ang 9y2
Jo spreys aq osye rou satiids asoyp pynoys Aym ‘apis penaiids ano se
Soapasino jo ued sty Jo Yury aM Jr pue ‘ssouUsNo!dsUOD UDA! S>UD
aang au Jo spreys ase sjnos 10 sseIwAYy INO J] "stp UI UDxLISTUU 34,94
yunp | "Aaruewiny jo sJatjaq snorssuo> pue spur snorsuosun
dy Jo Wog suoneal are snuids reyp aaatjaq sadew aoyy "stwU]EIY
asap weos woyp jo Aueu qeads vy "eIqUIA) ap UT aau TYsTU NOs
spuny 1uazaytp ayp avaurfap $29] ‘suaids jo yeads am apy
jsuuids oyp puayo 3,u0q "1 op 01 equi) YsIH,
ayp ySnomp Suyjaaen aq Ayqeqord 1],n04 "Joop y>eq ay ysnomyp
wyeay UOZLIOF] BOUT 198 01 padu 49Aa NOA pjnoys rtp Jaquiewel
‘gprey asp []e J] ‘StuBArAs HYD SuLAoUUE 10} 2DUAISIXO Jo INO NOK
ysnio |] Oy s1amod ay1]Po3 Jo sBuraq or suoFUTU aq AvWI SI>yIO
‘apis 20 ap UO 199 Aepattios AeUL NOA deUp saLutds Xopeseg ae
Walp Jo AWOg ‘adY sPWOY soy ayBW poorqui) Aue "Asa2INOD
pu a0dsoz 40} on1sap atoyp yata azippedwds ued | ang "equip,
YyStH] a2 Jo sBuroq Jo swyeay axp Jo Jey PueAsIapuN or WIE] 10u
op ['SJot]9q snorstya1 pue sasayp pe>180}oy>Asd ‘sSursnasod yestydos
-ojtyd ‘souioatp papseosip ‘sasayiodAy pur suonenbs jesnewoyeu
‘seapt pue sidaouos are Ady "azay siurds ayp or anyjod ag
igPSINOK 01 aAKA\ ‘aPIs Joy at UO
s00p 94p YsNoayp y>eq Yoo] LOY s1! UO Supueas a4,9m AyUO "UrEse
woo4 as1y ay UL Deq ALOU are 9M\ 294 ‘paralUa aM YoIYA YSNomD
duo ay or ausoddo so0p ay YSnoryp UOs 94,9/%\ "pastadans
wads NOX {[]eA HY UO 91,9M MOU IeYA URDUE IIp S90q] "10}9q
uodn pooas oa auo ay2 02 saf3ue YB Ie st JOY ayA MON "WOOL

ixXau ay orut daig {Buyp199 ayp UO SuryYEM a4,9M IY pasnou
nod aavpy ‘payores os aunb ou st ay "aw YALA duo stp a10jdxo
‘guiog) ‘woyp purasiopun ued spur (auesUI Avs aUIOs) 2ANB—AID
pur oaistour sow ayp Ayuo [!aun auLOdaq skapt atp pauyas row ay
fof Aoyp soystY ayy "TEASE a10UN ey axe aay Sade]d AULYY

"ypeap Jo [19a ap puodag vem asoyp
{squo ann ay are a1ay punoj aq 07 s]]94Y 40 suaavay axp jo uC
wey? puvoy aavy | "990 aseay Ie paouatiadxa aq pynoys supeay
yons uni punoy sosnyioy pue suotsiaaiad ay yweyp Avs AoyL
"sada AU spuayo poolq pauay>e|q ay? pue "YaYDing eB U>yDIS 01
yBnoua st jjouis ayy 3yunp | WIHO UT as2UTYD "T]2H &S,229H

aay yim Buryeys punoss oyp hq Suyuuna oye
Ays onjq ajed v zapun spuejsses8 uaa ayp zayard | "SHH
Buowe a ut Jaraq YyonuL []Vs st az9yp ING "Aupyos SHS)
avy 02 adadU0D URLASopad says | "sa[qouua pues
yey ayS1] aand & YM sazeyq Uns ay ‘sur aYM AsoypEay aaey,
suaziuap ayp pur ‘pjo3 jo siaans ayp aut saoeyed ayquews oary Ay,
suaarap] Jo sIYSNoYp s,auoaWOs Jo ses anYya-pwod qUeNLHG

ayp pueas a1oy |. °sn a40Jaq peards sidaouod ay ae Yoo] "YY
ysnouyp Nos moje 01 Pury autos Jo TDUIAEd

puewop pue sure oy pren3 sawnowos siuidg ‘apind ev yin
[eas 01 asaq sat ‘ap121] & AYO MOU Nod J] "APY9INb a494p 198.01 MOY
pur o8 02 a19YM MOUY [IA NOA ‘y>1eU UIdg YBNoUD Mouy NO‘
J] 20URISIp 10 JU9tHAAOU Jo se UAT! Jo ONE L

[Paes] "oF 01 UEM NOA a194M NOA sayeI IY Ye ay MOTJO} St Op
poou nod je ‘equi aya OUT sso4D NOA Yay AA "Uasaud ae 998 10

Jonuu se st ax0y

Op a sweasp oyp punoge pue YyBnosyp Sururaa ‘syst aya UII
1yBt]UoOW ay] OUTS Aoy_L Zs]! WIEDIP ay 298 NOK OG "PUP,
ano Aq pooastapun sag [9A9] ap St SHY ‘SPO PAIL ap Jo yuo
yan Aaerpruey Surssed v aavy sadew om yBnoyp eaquin peasy

yp payfe> ospe st yorya ‘s
nod apgea ype | ‘OUI SIY L
sAwantaed ayp ‘Sure ayp ano 3aas pur sist ay? 01 waML SM

erquig YS atl

"swiyeay Aueut 01 1s0y st
 snf "MOU Jog "Wat Yea aM se

ap! Jo pom ayp ‘aqui ys] Oya or
aas am a2e]d ay 01 Ysnostp sso1> ad

eaquig atp joased ysea rey ado:
ureSe asayp jo yeads []1m | ‘pausasuos 001 aq 1,U0(] ‘sway WAL")
pue swypay xopping ‘sway UorLOH ‘suypay apoyg ‘suyvay purys
:purasiopun saSeur sour IU suITeay Jo sadAa JeIaas pozLio%9wd
DAQA\ "YULY oy sv avs A[pryos se awWos pue peawoyde Aue
‘g]qqnq & ueyp s98xe] OU aUIOs pue pazis-rauEjd autos ‘sad(a pur
sazis quarayip Aueul axe a9y J "JoAdMoy ‘stu]Lay ATUO ap OU are
asoyp "Burstudins Ayprey st sip ‘aursajad Surwz9a08 UAo su IAA
‘qysus umo si Ur w]eaY k st Yea aDUIg "UOOU aYp Sap se "eAqUI)
JeaNY UMO SAI Sey A[pasoddns warshs se]Os ano Ut ue] Ysey

"vas [eAqUIE] AYA UO IwOYE sa}qqng
deos sev woup auiBeun 40 ‘ppom aids ayp Jo 1092940 peasya
ayp ur Anpear yo siaypod sev swyeay jo YuTYD ays No4 "seop
yueg se asnf ‘uoruod yenuids v pue jeoisdyd e yaog aavy asow
pur ‘sonjead umo soup aaey |] ‘Burwoned zoy pueasiopun 194
10U op A[dunts am sdeyzag "wopuer ye yrYs Apuaredde pue InoLYD
AjySry aze quieg woy 1ULISIp a10U saUO ayp Jo aWOS YSNoIp ‘stHIO}
19s JuUNsse stHTLDY LIqUIE) ISOYy "PUaYsadwMoD sn Jo May suOSLaI
40} Wy aUIOs pue ‘sidaouOD pue swap |APaNod Jo suONDay01
se 10 ‘(4amod ywasd Jo saamweasd) sps0] Poorqui) JO |] ay
we awadde Auetu f9sn uso sy 40} sae Aq paronzasuod aie aUIOg
"SMOs sOUIRA Jo sway ay] SXDAL] PEAQUIE] AY Jo Yea UTYATA\

sueozy

eaquinuag ay jo vaze sty Sunnjjod pue snos3suep
a1our Suruosaq "9Isaj PUL MOI [PIA IYSIG aya ‘AqueU sarsear
21x01 duunp 07 anUNUOD aPUNEH ay jo opts A[yuULA dy2 UO asoyp
J] ‘Stapiog 29s ou PIA sou? BuNyTYs Jaypes ang ‘stupeay] ana auare
Ady] ‘suWOG] se UMOUY 228 WYP Jo YROg "SUBD |]e2.9M\ Ie AaLNd
eau Jo sooejd aysiu Ajjenbs are azay_], ""eaquinuag ayp jo vase siya
o1U0 UOHNDaYa1 ATU ISeD TU sarsem 1X0 WY pauoy WYSE esa]
jAa1D oy zkaU kare SUPAOo]-o1ptoe ‘pauayse|q IY aas Nos OG

surewog

io i eee | Ae

NX

The Middle Ombra

Take my hand and follow me to the world of primordial nature.
We go at night, when it is brightest here. The light of Luna, the
moon, shines down and illuminates the shadowed woods and vales.
During the day, much of this level is dark and dangerous. But look

IN

around you; do the trees in the Penumbra seem so tall as these
majestic silvered woods? Here are those brilliant stars we no longer
see in the city. At last, we see night's candles as they were meant to
be seen, in all their radiant glory. The wind carries whispers of
moonflowers and night blooms whose scents are so potent I fear to
breathe, lest I forget how in lesser climes. Abundant, riotous life is
all around us. Have you ever seen precipices so steep, mountains so
austere, or animals so healthy? I had never truly seen purple before
Icame here, nor did I understand that blue and green are words too
tame to describe the miraculous hues that grace this realm. Now I
know the language of flower scent and animal musk and hear the
symphony of the wind in the grasses and trees.

Do you hear the scream of the predator? That too is an
integral part of nature. Behind her beauties lies the struggle for
survival and the dangers of the wild. Nature is full of cruel caprice,
from droughts to earthquakes to blinding hailstorms. So long as
the hardiest of her children survive, she is unconcerned by the few
who fall by the wayside. We may revel in the loveliness of
unspoiled wilderness, but never forget that humankind is not

ascendant within its embrace. Here we are the prey.

Did I say the Earth held an unexplainable allure? If it does, itis
a resonance inherited from this spirit world. This is spirit at its most
pristine, the dream I wish to return to the physical reality of Gaia.

Tam not alone in that wish. The Garou also desire a cleansing
of the world. Many guard some of the last pure places of the Earth,
areas of great natural unspoiled beauty, their sacred ground, which
they call caerns and we call Nodes. These sites are not only places
of power, but places where the Gauntlet is thinnest as well. Mages

sometimes quarrel with Garou over such Nodes, but those of my
Tradition (as well as many other mages) prefer to have werewolves
as allies rather than potential enemies.

The Garou claim that this part of the Near Umbra is made up
of 13 Realms. Some are terrifying places of eternal conflict or
corruption and torment; others are realms of futuristic horror or
past depersonalization. Still others open upon the vast and starry
Umbral heavens or retain an aching beauty, an all-encompassing
spiritual purity and unsullied wilderness lost to the Earth with the
strengthening of the Gauntlet.

Many wild and powerful Umbrood live in the Middle Umbra.
Some become familiars. Others may serve as guides or advisors if
asked politely and appeased with reciprocal knowledge or gifts. My
totem animal met me here once as | lay beside that pond. Many
spirits are short-term residents, wanderers who cross through the
lands of primordial nature on their way to the Deep Umbra; others
are Minions or assistants to the Umbrood Lords.

Did you see that? What would you call it if not a unicorn?
Many so-called mythical beasts also make their homes in the
heady atmosphere of the Natural Lands. Whether they have
assumed the forms human belief assigned them in ages past, or
have always appeared thus, none can say. Mages refer to these
spirits as Bygones, those who once had solid form but abandoned
it for the spirit world in the wake of humanity's growing disbelief.

Come, I must show you yet another place within the spirit
world so that one day you may recognize it when you reach it.

Chapter One: The Tellurian 23


The Low Ombra

Look upon this gray and dreary land, but do not cross into it.
That ashen road which winds between those skeletal trees and
climbs over those rocks leads into the Low Umbra, a benighted,
sorrowful place also known as the Dark Umbra or the Realm of
Death. Many believe that the roads of the dead cannot be walked
by the living —at least not if they wish to return. Many Euthanatos
claim to have done so, but it is a dark and dangerous path to the
Underworld, where tormented spirits seek to hold onto their
former lives. Nephandi also deal with the dead, and this is enough
to make most of us wary of the claims of the Euthanatos. Some few
Dreamspeakers have braved the paths of the dead, for we must face
our own demise if we are truly to understand the realities of the
spirit world, but most have never returned. This is the least
understood land of the Near Umbra, and perhaps that is not a bad
thing.

The Zones

Several places float within the Near Umbra, fluid Realms
which drift between the Worlds of thought, spirit and death,
permeating them but not bound by them. Though these constitute
Realms of their own, they are usually referred to as Zones, but are
also known as the Dream Realms. These include the Digital Web,
the Mirror Zone and Maya.

The Mirror Zone

Look back along the inside of the Gauntlet. Can you see the
Earth? As though you were looking through gauze, isn't it? How do
you know it's really Earth that you see? It might be the Mirror
Zone. Some say it lies alongside the Gauntlet, masquerading as
reality. Others say it is partially of the Earth and partly of the
Umbra, a lice of each world caught inside the Gauntlet itself lik
aslab of ham between two slices of bread. Still others theorize that
the Mirror Zone is a Realm of perverse thoughts, nightmares and
myriad alternate realities. Stepping into it rather than back to the
Earth may utterly change the world you know. Friends may now be

enemies, companions you left only minutes ago are dead and gone,
or those long dead may live again. Infinite variations on a theme

are possible in the Mirror Zone. Some are so close to reality as to
be virtually indistinguishable from it —at least at first. Something
is always different, here; sooner or later, those trapped in the
Mirror Zone discover where they really are. To escape, you must
confront the difference head-on and resolve any difficulties it
presents. Be very careful whenever you visualize crossing through
the Gauntlet. Make certain you have Earth's current reality firmly
in mind, and you should have little difficulty with this perverse
Realm.

The Digital Web

Thave brought you to the Cyber-realm so that we may enter
the Digital Web. Yes, it is very futuristic here, and the Umbral
Computer Web is very large. The webbing looks much like that of
the pattern spiders. The inside of the Net, as many people call it,
resembles their work as well. There — that pool of light within
those twisting coils of webbing is an open Portal into the Digital
Web. Be brave; to enter that strange Realm we must step into the
Portal. The sensation is unpleasant, even painful, but no harm will
actually come to you. I wonder if this is what the early transporter

24 Mage: The Ascension

beams on Star Trek felt like? If so, I see why they often took the
shuttle instead! There's some pain, and things will seem too
bright, too fast and incomprehensible for the first few moments
after we arrive. Ride it out. Virtual Adepts and other voyagers
enter this place using magicks either to send theirastral selves into
the Net or to translate their physical bodies into information,
projecting themselves physically within it. And you thought
becoming spirit matter was strange!

Open your eyes. We're here. I know very little about this
Realm; it's far more suited to Virtual Adepts and Sons of Ether
than to Dreamspeakers. We won't stay long, for there are many
dangers here — spirits of the Net who may be unfriendly or
Technocracy mages bent on claiming as much of the Net as they
can.

Do you see those shining, squirming cables? They're strands
of possibility, unclaimed pattern webbing that has not yet received
an imprint from someone's mind. Do you understand what that
means? A mage may enter the Digital Web and literally create her
own reality within it. There, farther down the strand, I see a
glowing Realm take shape as we watch. Even Sleepers may share
in some of this through virtual reality, opening their minds to new
possibilities. It may even Awaken some of them.

Where are we? That's difficult to answer. The Web itselfis in
the Gauntlet, yet it's also inside your own mind. Some claim that
this is actually the remains of a shared Realm called Mount Qaf,
originated by the lost Tradition known as the Ahl-i-Batin. Thus,
it might also be a Realm upon the border between spirit and
thought. Like a Horizon Realm, mages may pattern their thoughts
here to create areas that conform to their paradigms. If this is truly
a way of changing and molding reality itself, the Digital Web is a
fantastic new breakthrough in the Ascension War. Thus far, no
one has been able to prove whether this is, in fact, what is
happening here or if it all exists only in our minds.

Maya, the Realm of Dreams

Look! C
are as tiny as moths, others as large
Realms, formed from fragments of humankind's dreams (and
perhaps the dreams of spirits as well). Some exist for only brief
moments, while others take on more permanent form as more
people dream the same dream and belief in it grows. If we wished,
we could step into these Realms, into the chaotic meanderings of
the subconscious mind and interact with whatever is within. Be
warned — Not all dreams are pleasant, and who can say what
would happen to you if you were to die in someone else's dream?
The secrets of the Realms remain hidden to us until we are within;
would you want to stumble into someone else's nightmare? The
Nephandi sometimes enter such terrors and use them to exert
control over the dreamer. As you might guess from the name of our
Tradition, we Dreamspeakers are not above contacting potential
mages and "awakening" them to the possibilities within their
grasps.

in you see the bubbles floating through the air? Some

as cities. Those are Dream

Powerful Umbrood spirits known as the Oneira, or Dream
Lords, collect bits of dreams and weave them into semi-permanent
Realms known as Maya. Such "homes" are often as phantasmal
and chaotic as the dream wisps they were created from. Some
Oneira, it is said, are powerful enough to control people through
their dreams.

= IW
= The Horizon \

We've come far together since our journey began. Now we enter
a place of great import to mages: the Horizon. It too is a magickal
barrier, like the Gauntlet, but separates the Near Umbral Realms
from those of the Deep Umbra. Do you see it? It wavers and flows, the

colors changing and merging, one with another, creating new pat-

terns and hues as we watch. I think of the Horizon as the elder sister

of the Aurora Borealis. Do you feel the electric snap of its existence
on your hairand skin? Can you identify the taste-smell that surrounds

us? Nor can I, though I always believe that I could identify it, given
the proper words. Have you felt it pushing back against us yet? The

farther you move toward the Deep Umbra, the greater the resistance.
The Horizon is like a membrane between the Near and Deep H
Umbrae. It keeps them separate and discrete, protecting the nearer
Realms and Earth from constant invasions by Marauders, Nephandi

ns of the farthest realitie:

and the malign, alien der

Horizon Realms

The Horizon is more than just a barrier, however; it's also a
unique environment in which artificial lands called Horizon Realms

are built. Mages, both Traditional and Technocratic, are their
common architects, though other spirit powers also build Realms to

cy |

suit themselves. Such Realms are rare; it takes massive amounts of
power to create and maintain them. Horizon Realms serve two

purposes: they shield against other realities, and they commonly
house Umbral Chantries. Horizon Realms are designed to be the t

perfect representation of the creators' paradigms, and as such do not e

suffer the effects of Paradox, so long as one's magick does not clash
with the reality within. They are ideal for magickal study and
experimentation; after all, they are created to support the mages'

world views! Such "formatting" also makes them ideal strongholds.
They are much like Sanctums this way; as any warrior knows, an
enemy's home ground is his strongest defense.

There is one not far from here. See it floating in the distance, e Nim,
much like a multicolored balloon tethered to the ground by a (oy)
silvery string? \) are b
Do you see how the tether fades off into the mist? It's not
actually tied to anything here in the Horizon, nor is it a physical
rope or cable. What you see is a stream of pure Quintessence, used
toanchor the Horizon Realm to at least one Node on Earth and to
an Earthbound Chantry. That same Quintessence powers the
existence of the Horizon Realm itself, for it cannot exist without °
this infusion of mystick fuel, which flows through a Portal, a
permanent opening through the Gauntlet. Some such ribbons are pF) €
easy to spot if one knows how to look, but others are cloaked with
potent Prime magicks
Portalsare usually guarded by powerful spirits. Portals are easier
tocreate and maintain on Nodes where the Gauntlet is thinner and
static reality weaker. Those who are allowed todoso may travel back
and forth between Earth and the Horizon Realm. We cannot enter
the Realm from the Horizon itself unless its creators left a back door

into it. Such routes are always guarded carefully, their passwords
given to only a few, for Nephandi and Marauders seek out easy access
to Horizon Realms, the better to cross through the Portals and onto
the Earth. As these conduits funnel Quintessence as well, they also
giv

escape route into the Horizon. Having made one, only
itunguarded. Those mages whoare fools rarely achieve the necessary
power to construct Horizon Realms to begin with.

invaders access to easy power. Only a cocksure mage makes an

fool leaves {|

Chapter One: The Tellurian 25


t

Shade Realms

Eight Shade Realms rest along the Horizon at the edge of
Gaia's Near Umbra. These somewhat insubstantial lands are the
Umbral "shadows" of Shard Realms. Be patient! I cannot explain
everythingat once. We will speak of the Shard Realms in due time.
It's often difficult to tell that you are entering a Shade Realm until
you are within it. Do you feel that humming throughout your
body? Look at my hair rise from the static electricity, and smell
that lightninglike ozone. We are in the Shade Realm of Forces.

Each of the Shade Realms corresponds to one of the Shard
Realms (all except for Luna) and provides the easiest path for
reaching those faraway Realms. Each isa Portal, or bridge, linking
these Realms with their appropriate Shard Realms. These allow
easy movement between the two without the necessity of crossing
the Deep Umbra. In essence, they're like wormholes crossing
through space, linking distant areas together. Many such Portals
exist, but few have been found and opened. Some need special
rituals cast or esoteric materials utilized before they will open.
Somewhere within this Realm lie conduits to the Shard Realm of
Forces and probably a back door to Doissetep, the largest and most
well-known Tradition Chantry. We would not want to meet the
guardians that this most puissant Chantry has undoubtedly left
here to deal with intruders. We'll go now; I merely wanted you to
be aware that such Realms existed in case you ever need to use
them.

Beyond the Horizon

Everything that I believe

Crawls from underneath the streets
Everything I truly love

Comes from somewhere high above
— Indigo Girls, "Hand Me Downs"

Once past the Horizon, we enter parts of the
Tellurian truly unknown to most of us. To reach
these places, we must pass outside the Earth's atmo-
sphere and beyond the Horizon, to the Deep Umbra.

The Deep Ombra

Like a great void, the Deep Umbra stretches outward beyond
Gaia's bounds and into the far reaches of the Tellurian. The Void
Engineers try even now to map the Deep Umbra, setting it into a
static reality. They have succeeded in convincing most ofhuman-
kind that all that lies outside the Earth's atmosphere is empty
space and lifeless planets. That may be so on the physical side of
reality for now, but on the spiritual side the Deep Umbra is rich
with possibilities. Within its reaches lie Shard Realms, Paradox
Realms, wild spirits, demons, crazed Marauders and the perverted
Nephandi. Strange atmospheric conditions prevail in the Deep
Umbra, ranging from reality storms to the Etherspace which the
Sons of Ether navigate to reach the other planets.

Beyond the comforting confines of Gaia's atmosphere lurk
bizarre, unknowable creatures whose only desire is to penetrate
the barriers and feast upon the Earth. Others merely desire to
control our world. Even to some of the less fearsome denizens, we
are so small and insignificant that they might flick us away as if we
were annoying insects. Our minds simply cannot cope with some
of the horrific monsters that dwell in the Deep Umbra. Mages who
deal with such creatures usually perish; those who survive are
driven permanently insane.

The Nephandi's dark masters may be found somewhere
within this spiritual void, as may many of their false Chantries,
which they call Labyrinths. Should you ever meet the Nephandi,
kill them on sight. They are an abomination — mages who entice
or force others of their kind into corrupting their souls and
becoming slaves to demons.

26 Mage: The Ascension

Shard Realms

Shard Realms are so named because mages believe that they
were all once parts of Gaia that have now been flung throughout
the solar system. Many mages say that there are only nine Shard
Realms, corresponding to the other planets and Luna and to the
nine Spheres of magick. This may be so— for this particular solar
system. I have already spoken of our overwhelming hubris in
assuming that we are the center of the Tellurian. I do not believe
that there are only nine Shard Realms in existence; these are
simply the nine that we know about. They are all very large, and
though the Void Engineers say they are lifeless orbs, we know that
they're Realms in their own right. Each has its own Umbra, just as
Gaia does. Undoubtedly, these Umbrae are as varied and amazing
as Gaia's own Near Umbra. Each Shard Realm is ruled by a
Celestine, and to some extent partakes of that being's essence.

As I mentioned before, Doissetep is located on the Shard
Realm of Forces. I have no knowledge of other such Chantries
established on these distant Realms, but there might be some.
They say that the gateway to Arcadia, the homeland of the faeries,
is located on Luna. I would someday like to travel to all the Shard
Realms and see them for myself.

Paradox Realms

Reality is flexible and may be tampered with to some degree.
It's easier when there are no Sleepers present to interfere with
their disbelief, but even then the fabric of the world may be coaxed
into a new pattern. The fibers of the Tapestry are loosely woven
enough that they can incorporate some reweaving without ripping
apart or snarling into knots. When the weaver moves too fast ot
tries to overthrow the pattern entirely and create a whole new
design, however, the Tapestry fights back. Sometimes this causes
the weaver's shuttle to slip from her fingers; sometimes the loom
breaks and smacks her in the face. That is Paradox.


If the weaver persists in forcing the pattern in an incompat-
ible direction, eventually the Paradox loom gives her what she
wants — in spades. It weaves a entire Realm just for her, wrapping
her up and removing her to a place outside Gaia's Near Umbra,
then smoothes the fabric back into its original design. The weav-
ing that encapsulates the offending mage is known as a Paradox
Realm. This particular occurrence is usually reserved for the most
blatant offenders against consensual reality. The trapped mage
must somehow come to an understanding of what she did wrong
and seek some way of righting things in order to escape. Paradox
Realms float aimlessly in the Deep Umbra, neither a part of it nor
apart from it, but in some strange state in between. I hope you
never fall into such.

Ombrood Realms

The spirits that inhabit the Umbrae often create their own
Realms. Though some do so in the Near Umbra, many prefer the
more fluid reality of the Deep Umbra. From time to time, these
unknowable entities may kidnap humans or lesser spirits and bring
them to their Realms. Sometimes they demand that these "lesser"
beings fight or engage
Other times, their

n other contests to amuse the Realm lord.
‘asons are inexplicable. Almost anything is

possible in such places.

Some mages claim that the spirits have formulated three
courts through which they work out their differences and govern
their domains. The Western Court contains entities described in
Hermetic texts dating back before the time of ancient Greece
Eastern Court members are said to embody beings from the myths
and legends of Asia, and the Egyptian Court is rumored to be
comprised of the aloof animal-headed gods of ancient Egypt
Dreamspeakers believe there is a fourth court, a Lodge of the Sky,
which does not recognize the other courts and considers them to
be invaders. These
from pre-Columbian America to the Polyne:

re the gods and goddesses of native religions
an Isles.

The Hollow World

I wish to end our tour of the spirit world by telling you of
another place that I have only heard described. The Sons of Eth
claim that there isa world known as the Hollow

arth. In this land,
wonders await and danger lairs in every corner. They say there are
human inhabitants, and that the world is lit by an interior sun
Science would tell you that it is impossible for the Earth to be
hollow, that there's a molten core at the center of our planet
covered by layer upon layer of rock. They also tell the Sleepers that
there is no such place as the Umbra. Whom do you believe? |
believe there isa Hollow Earth, but if there is, perhaps it lies in an
Inner Umbra all its own, waiting to be rediscovered

And now we must rectoss the Gauntlet and return to our
more physical reality. I hope that you have seen enough of the
Tellurian to understand it a little and little enough of it to entice
youto learn more. Awaken! Itis time for dreams to become reality.

Chapter One: The Tellurian 27

I

a Whe PRE anew
for é 7
ié Sort Ps ;
ight: a ave.
wines \

| 5
Contr
ooo
ps

ae en
= i
fly ov 4 and
s diss
25

Chapter

The

Two:
stick

Path

Ultimately, a hero is aman who would argue with the
Gods, and awaken devils to contest his vision

Norman Mailer

The Awakening

"Do you feel it?" Peter Kobie asked. Silenced as
she was, Clarissa could not reply

It was amazing, though sweet
agony. Bound, blindfolded, Clarissa felt each touch
each breath, each pulse of energy within and without

this writhing

Kobie seemed to be everywhere now his arms

around her chest, his lips across her skin, his touch a

crackle of new and sudden pleasures. Sensation reso-
nated within her, building to something past all words she could
conceive

Power built, expanded, spread, melded, focused

Something snapped in her mind, sudden, bold, a bolt beyond
sensation, awareness or mere physicality. Clarissa screamed inside, the
conflict of silence and sensation merging into something she couldn't
explain, couldn't prevent, couldn't control. And suddenly, being blind
and voiceless didn't matter; her senses expanded around Peter, around
the room, feeling every contour of reality greet her as if she'd never
known the interactions of life before, as if she'd never really seen
anything for what it truly was. And as the physical pleasure slowed, a
mental awareness replaced it, constant even after Peter left her to her
new Awakening

Later, when all was quiet, the blindfold fell with a cool clack of
scissors. Clarissa's hands, finally freed, dropped limply to the bed. Peter
smiled down at her, sweat glistening on his forehead as he stroked her
damp hair
‘Awakened. Restored to what you once
And she was. Clarissalay on the bed, not the woman who had come

into the room. She laid her head on his chest, content that he, that someone,
that something had finally empowered her and made her different.

Then her gaze fell to the clock.

Ten minutes

Her eternity had lasted only ten minutes!

No way. Uh-uh! Ten minutes wasn't possible, something was
wrong, there was no way, absolutely not! It was hours, days, not ten
minutes! Fury rose with an odd terror and a new awareness that this
wasn't right, that Peter Kobie had... done... what??

What did you do to me?!" She raised herself up on an elbow,
furious, scrambled, perplexed. Then she looked into his eyes and found
herself wondering why she was making such a fuss

"I did nothing, only led you to where you would've

oe, given
time. Youdid this, notme." Peter touched her cheek gently. "Rest now,
Clarissa."

And she relaxed utterly, slumping to the sheets, her turmoil
banished, feeling nothing but the beating of hearts

Chapter Tw

he Mystic Path 29

ee ee


To stand outside the City of
heaven — this is the lot of the
mortal Human Self and the
battle. To embrace
is her legacy.

Man while holding the keys to
mage. To stand torn between the
immortal Divine Self — this is her
stiny and redirect the flow of reality — this

No one said it'd be easy.

There is magic, and there
potential, the

is magick. One taps a person's inner
other opens that wellspring without reservation. One
Srants a taste of power; the other is power, power to change the
world. A True Mage does not use magick — she becomes magick.
The True Mage is a hero in the cl

lassic mode, not necessarily
a "good guy,

" but an agent of change who faces conflicts from
within and without, takes destiny by the
and changes the world in some mea
male or female, "good" or

hand (or other parts...),
aningful way. The hero, whether
"evil," mortal or mystickal, faces a
similar charge: to step away from the known, confront herself,
endure temptations and ultimately transcend, taking the

worldalong with her.

gi
Inshe beginning, 1 si tr a Ge, but we wil begin withthe
tes Fc oe hol they Essence within abs
Be Bee cps lendor ct, oF fame wr te Pare One flew
ps ‘ el re, U ire t .
rough endless hates nth the created ape
oe ee the nsdom aide they cetedth Dreamers
Tae ne sprang the lands, and.the'seas and al 7
fe nee ane diate wonder, they journeyed actoss 4 es ad
Fe and sae nds wete alee sae a a
: e Pure Ones shat " us
FEE Te a Oe hubrs and were OEE th Ono
Tea a a hey knew thata time of change had came, nance,
maybe, just mam Nleudes, each carryinga shard of divinity w chen,
a ear beyond on measithase ‘hose inner spark
Ages passe avmeyed, following the Paths of the ancient Ones
ao "Towed those embers o smolder, sillaive but Seeing ots
thee ed pled. From the jowrmeysof those primor anne
the and are world vas spun; fom the Sleepers, it was gen
the fa petty grew hey with wonders and fas
a ts Rc aes he Ailend forth emacs Pats: a
Die eae Pril cpark lived on, cared ike a combfi tee
See CaO AGRIE A sin bs auf time, but i re =
an We carethae skin; we te he Essen bring fl
ae ; es, those embet 3
Se a ee rhe Pare Ener diverged, coli he
Ain pena Paks. tne, they baled ach wanting 0 wre
egal . heir cousins. From s,
respon pee ied, often badly. The Dreamers wee
oh anon | world, and wept in their exile. The eed ioe
mh' ry in self protection, tightened itself in fear. The Keeper
a aaa var, and the works of man crumbled, to bee ae
De eA nc wef Clonee wear ouey Thas Which Wasandvepae
a ee etre Come. leis neither pleasant nor ki dsb
Beg Sear tee of he Wag om franco, Pep te Pr
oy. ide us even now toward some Reconciliation, where a
Ces ide seven now towardsome Recon, wheres mt
wl become many, and then One, once agin. Or peta iti ie wf
bl permet ie ca ar change isour destiny. Change
arth we

and the Path.
— Hapsburg, Orphan Seer

It's a hard 5 many willworkers fall by the
off to follow petty goals. These mages nev
forgotten. Others die, and their de:
meaning beyond the fall its
to be a double-edged blade
normalcy. Mages are outca
her allies, each mage

wayside or step
er transcend and are soon
aths may or may not carry some
f. The mage quickly finds her magick
— it confers power at the cost of
ts from the mainstream; regardless of
essentially alone.

So why do it? Why not just grab a bit of gusto and sit in your
little corner of the world with 2 full bank account and
retainers? Some mages do just that. They
istied, however, and often fall before
more power and a clearer sense
virtue of what they are,
fulfill some

a host of
remain eternally unsat-
mages (or other forces) with
of purpose. Most Awakened, by
ant to leave their mark upon their world,
part of their destiny and gain some
state — Ascension.

The Goal

Ascension may be a twofold process, involving both internal

nal change. Most pursue either the
aspect;

higher (or lower)

transcendence and exte:

inter-
nal or the external

arely do they seek for both — such a
attainable. Few mages agree upon the
nsion as a whole. Many will argue
one or the other form. The truth is an e
Oracles know for certain.

goal is too large to be nature

that there can be only
‘nigma; perhaps only the

Of the two goals, external change is the e.
The Sleeper world will in some way be improved, thus providing
evidence that change has been effected, Neither goal is excl
toa particular faction. A Technom:
perfection, while

‘asier to measure.

lusive
ancer may aspire to personal
a Celestial Chorus Traditionalist simply wants
‘0 see peace in her time. Either objective, if successful, may be
called Ascension.

Methods to attain Ascension vary. Some Awakened be
lieve in reincarnation and claim that the soul, the Avater,
Strives to better itself with each incarnation. Others, less
Patient, want to perfect themselves in this lifetime. Some
believe that there is no final perfection, only an eternal jour,

ney. Transcendence is not a thing that can be explained — it
can only be achieved.

This doesn't mean that a mage wakes up one day and
decides that she Ascends after she feeds the homeless. Destiny
ismore subtle than that. A Pathis lessaconsciousdecision than
ation. A willworker may never know

ath is, but it calls to her nonetheless. She
may resist, but she will never be satisfied until

Getting Stuck

Mages are dynamic; they are c
howe

a subconscious motiv:
what her chosen Ps

she follows it.

nge. Sooner or later,
t, they begin to stagnate. They m
lifetimes, even for centuries
returns will eventually

y live for many
but the law of diminishing
set in. Mere power is not perfection,
Ifa mage does not Ascend or fall at some
to be an agent of change and becomes
instead. If they live too long, the
whateverchance

point, she ceas

s

a sticking point
mightiest wizards lose
they might have had toa
state — and many take
at large.

in that higher
their bitterness out upon the world


ZN |!

SAO ||

I€ ypeg ashy ayy som] Jaadeys)

‘yaeap U9Ad Jo *-I@INg) ‘AaruesUT ‘SALT
-n{ur 10 9oys Jeo1sXyd ‘uoRsneyxXa UI pus saUOWOs sounyte} peg
"Burpou sures ays ‘sjrey ays J] "1appe] s,uorsuaosy uo Suns s9yz0Ue
dn say Suryea ‘(moyaq 99s) Aueydidg soypoue say SueAs ss22ong
"ypeg ayp uo 1aypary paasoud pue Surpuersiopun soy aoueape oa Aes
-sa0au swuaap RIBAY ap BAdIVYA *-S1OTUIULOI SJUOIUOD ‘s9pIeq
SwyBy ‘sje siayns ‘sayzznd yBnomp syom aeu ayp ‘sajse2sGo
ayp z9a0 yduinin oy ‘aoueasqns o1oquiss pue adeys jeoishyderou
Yo aye2 ‘eUIAIXa JO [eUsOIUT ‘sID1YUOD paayosaup, "awn Yea
Joprey Mou pue asueyp sisaa ay] "sereayy Jay Jo syadse qUasayIp
Aq dn aas yapuned & ssoSuapun ypnskw ev Burjaag e Sung

"~aeqAY SIY WOY sono Yeg Soyer YoRshw ay aya
JoyUNODUA Jeuosiad AJoeWUT Ue sta] "uodn puadapo2 UMoIS sey ay
yeUp Yoanup awios Moya! op o1 surLD] 9Y |!UN ‘pa|qestp astAuayI0.10
dup] ‘100d ‘purjg wry SuPfuNs ‘ppom [eLarew oyp UI aBeu v ayddus
01 umoUy Uaaq U9Aa aay sIEIAYy "spud BuPpag ayp ‘9]z2nd aya
daqos Aaya Uy AY ‘9gt] UE Yat a]33ns Aoup suua|gosd ayp UO paseq
sajzznd aajos Aayp a1aya ‘uOEINUTIS YA Jo WOs B OUT O8 sidopy
Jenut,, awog "sia19as Yons Jo} ApeaL st 19192108 aYp [UN snoIos
-UOdgns ay sprem puE speia ay2 sias OYM saIsewLyseI SuIppIqio}

v‘uetpreny atp jo >yeads euaqia, ‘adew or aSeus woy Appyia souea
ayer sBuryaag yons uuoy atp "era oyp Jo sioadse ]]e a4r]

"paytey 40 **-asa1 ayp passed s9ypta sey ays uy Aatear
USNOLISUOD §,98eU YL "spHOAUDYIG aup jo ued
ayqeusta v zou Aayqead peLiaqeus zaystaU st yrya aedsi9yp0 aUI0s
e]d ayea sBuryaag "uo S908 asoa aya apYe a UTYAA Udsod
JOU s} ays ang "ye aavay AyjeMIoe 10U sop Apog s4>HI8hUI YL
-urfag 01 sjasiay jo ano Jaen Ajjerauy asus Jaypreas ayp ‘Buryx99g
08 01 Avm® UOUTMIOD SOL ay St WLIO} aos Jo UONENPay

ano 0) suumaz

ura

"08 01 sey []H9s ays 1ey Moy pue
— sx90]uN ays jeNUAId say Jo Yonur Moy sauTUUDIap auNy1Lj 10
ssaoons 19} }9s19y UILIM spjoy ays zamiod ayp 02 ss999" spuewlap
pur ae:

ell

pay Jay SIUOIUOD aYs a19YM [ELD APOg-Jo-Ino ue ‘Bunjeag

dwWos Iya s191U9 ays ‘2DUEApe O2 STUB aBEU v UDYA\

s$ulpjo0g¢

sieeay Jo ,sanipeuosiad,, ay — aauyuy Ajqissod pur yeiprowg
Bunsangy ‘woneg ‘onueudq — sxor snouuapy ur jo uayods
saguassy DAL 10 INOY AY PU IeA\ UOISUAdSYy OY Jo 1431] UI asUas
sayet ang ‘yesiarun qou st adaouo9 sty] "suoneUEDUT JeuOUL

ysnomyp onsand Aaya yorya spua ‘sepuase uMmo slayp aaey sIEIeAY
rey Burdes jo shea wuarayrp |e — aBueyD jo yaeg oy so ANU,
aiskydeiayy ay ‘uo!eT!9U0DIy Jo > piiskty awiog "ssv9q
-o10} Arepuaday sy) UeLp JasiM OU Was soBEU WZapoUL {s19UZED]
Moys Anvaud ae sereayy ‘on st sitp Jf y9yZO ay OU UOReUZUT
duo Woy pausea] suossa] at Surdue> 4xoU aya oF ae aUO
woy, ‘ples st. ‘ssed Ady], "Jeuowru A[pasoddns axe

ds $3

weIwAay

‘quasoid Mmoyutos skeaye st aouaNyUt sa ‘pur sty Jo 9eq
ayp ur sadstya sar saeay 40 sureasp ur a1 sxoUNODUD ‘9984-01-29
TRAY sty SI@dU dy IBYPY A "Weg Sty UMOP sayy aBeu aya
speo8 21 4yjasut speaaay zereayy oy? YOrya UF WHO} JaAareY A ‘adeys
e199 duo Aue 02 partum] ou st pue — uoneNdsur syNUDIDs
JO ,J019e} ByaINa, aya o1 Aydoso]IYd yao1g Jo ,uOWDEP, ay
wo4y ‘sarmua arezedas 02 sureaup peg Woy — sto} Jo 19quinu Aue
aye Aew [nos |e:

pideu sade vy ‘ana aq Avw smara asay jo au0u

JO |] ¥ ‘swuepuadsap s19Y2 UT UTEBE At] OYA sioIsaouE JO saat] ised
jo ypea sroyeadsueaig Auew aprya ,‘oBa1adns ayp jo soueuaquteUt
yUEISUOD YSnoIy ssauaseme-s]as"*",, solowoad ang ‘so1UE |eI
-mreusadns yan uoneryye Aue saruap A|peroyyo Aoe1D0UYDo | 9y
«Wu0} (3uLAyLIa1 10) Suiseayd auios ut paddeam ‘ssousnorssuos
yeusdu ay2 jo UoNeyTUOSIad B URY a1OW BUIYROU st JeIRAY,
payfes-os aya", aeyp savers a0] naUNAPY apy ,‘paurMaoIUT
sSuryp [pe st yry ueg passajg wy, 1eeayy ayp sauepap 21m
-duzos s1wseYH *j]9s BUT SIP INoge aa1BesIp UDYO syoTIshyy

nok wt sanayjag qs pos nq
"Burdes pjo ayp s908 ‘por wi anayaq 10U Kou NOX ‘aDUAISIX® s,pueYys
auIAIp ayp Auap Ayer s1ayI apy EIA soy YIM spuog
YBN aavy siai92108 awOg "Bury Jay Op 02 BYOMII!A w sMOTTE
yey ssauso!ssuod peyD!SeU ay st erway ayp ‘Aqdunis ang "azeAVe
-s]osst yotys zeaway ue soured aBeyy ang jv Aju ang ‘s1eIeAy aAvY
‘Aes Aaya ‘sSunyp Surat] soy "appa ay aouUassq Jo.I1g sIyp |]E9 S191
BY "URLIN]]2 | 9y2 NOYBnosYA pasoreds 41 49] Pur adUAassy UMO
aloyp pazapuns Ym ,seUG aINg,, 02 $19}91 DOPAIO} YOHSAWY

ABojoy Aw 2 wuNd ‘as] DUOAUE a1] ‘saBeUL IsoU ‘oUAsgE Oy
Uy "puey 02 awod siamsue sea

1 ON {pearsuy WIY JoIIUOD 21 saop
Jo UeIwAY sty JoIUOD ay s9OG] {0412 10 Bulag auO aBeU e sy {aALy,
2949 ]!4 a]doad maj e A[UO Buryrautos SurudyxeMYy Jo yt ay S1IG,
juosuadsy jo Aeq ay UO paso; aq 2Y3tU Y>TYA\ ‘s[Nos Yons aaey,
stadaa}g og "xomod [ey>1TeUL say Jo aeas ayp ‘soouEIeadde |] 01 ‘st

aeqay sadeut e ‘any are seapl asayp Jo UOU JO ]]e ‘9UO ABYA YA
Jamsue TUAIaHIp B NOA 9413 ]]IM ABU YR {[!A9p aus 1G {pos
Jo ]]89 OY jJoIsaouE UE Jo ad10A ayy {auIds SuIpIns y {pl oy,
qsnor

SUOIGNS AY] {]NOs aya swereAy aup s]

VV a1qnoq,, ‘ysny —
asoust | 22100 yorym agkvut 40

.aue

asooy> | 1Ym Uo spuadap — aso} JjIM aUO Yory\
40m 3 suowap Cut pun sjadun KW

ssopaonf pun ayn.

ssofaunu ay) puv umowy, ay.

400p ays puryag saatoa panay |

‘daaps fo aBpa ap uC,

JOA S AJAY OY

‘aploap 02 NOK JO} st YAN ay.
"uorsnjouoD arew]N awos 0 sadew pu siEIayy Yyog pea] pue
— aaoge ay jo [Je Jo aoueyeq ay pue UORDNuAsap [e102 ‘WHO} [E102
‘soeyp jeior — Arun sip woy Suuds syzeg ano} yp aq Avwr ay
"suonsapiad Sursoddo jo 1911Ju09 e ue A\ UOISUIDsY 94AsoWODS9WED
-x9 asaypi Wor "11 Jo aed autos Ayruosiad Aypenise pue ‘GAaMoy
MUL] 22 02 UMeIP Waas saBeU aUIOg "]]e Ie I Jo say Aatp Ft

41 ap afau saew Auew Ypesraarun Apprey st ypeg ployaaqyp ayy,

"9013 02 sey Burypoulog "Way?
uaamiag UREN] | ayp Suyjnd Guede umesp aay sawonxo a1ya
dup "wITE]D awOs ‘AanqUAD SIU Jo aso]9 ay YAY "SBuryp Aressaoau
[Te aze saoz0j aarp asayp ‘aUTD0p [!ouNO, 01 Bulposdy "W104
Tet Jo UMop BuPeaag ap ‘KdowUg pu ‘saya Aarpiqissod yons wo}
ayp ‘sisvig ‘Aarpiqissod yo uoneard ayp ‘usnuvucg :(anog saxdeyo)
as) Cammy oisydoiayy ay Jo syeads uty Jo pounod ayL

APULLL OWL


KG i\|

Conflict

Avatar/mage relationships vary. In most cases, the Avatar
takes ona "teacher" aspect, leading a mage to his Path and helping
him to travel along it. If the mortal self is stubborn, the inner self

pushes, threatens, encourages or sulks. Very strong Avatars may

even be seen by other mages with potent Spirit magick. A would-
be mentor often decides upon an un-Awakened recruit by sizing up
his Avatar. To many Awakened, the magic
entity, sometimes benign, often terrifying

al self is a living

ntrary to popular
beliefs, bits of the so-called "Pure Ones" are not necessarily nice
guy Ava-
tars every bit as "true" as any Celestial saint's.

Marauders, Nephandi and cruel Technomancers hav

Bringing the mystick self and the mortal self together and
staying sane in the process is a constant struggle for most maj

If the two don't match —and they rarely do, at least in the early
steps of the Path — they clash. Some mages run from their destiny,
while others let it go to their heads. In either case, the Avatar
comes along, a back-seat driver pointing off-road. The strain is
more than some can handle. A few slip into Quiet, the madness
that comes when outside reality and perception blur too far.
Others go more subtly insane, suffering from night terrors, obses-
sion, power-madness or cowardice

The inner self will not be denied. It may appear full-form,

isit its mage in dreams, speak through people or other objects,

grant hunches or intuitions, or even turn reality inside-out and
drag the mystick's consciousness in for a chat. The stronger the
Avatar, the more obvious its hand, and the more demanding its

requests. Sooner or later, a mage must listen; too much conflict
may interfere with magick, sleep or sanity

It may sound from all of this as if the mage is the pawn of the
Avatar. While some cynical willworkers believe that this is so
(and is, perhaps, the way it should be), most admit that the mage/
Avatar relationship is a two-way street. As the Avatar shapes the
mystick, so too does the mystick shape his Avatar. For all we know,
the Essences might only be the legacies of past lives which have
left their imprint upon the Avatars. No one knows for certain.
Even if the Essence has no mortal cause, a mage is always free to
The Avatar's urgings only guide the
a mage's destiny is his own.

do what he or she wants to do.
sorcerer. Ultimatel

The Technocratic Avatar

Many Technocrats gravitate toward the Union in order to
channel the Avatar, so that everything seems rational. Awaken-
ing is often a terrifying thing; imagine a voice in your head that
tells you constantly that reality is false. And knowing that it's
right. Technocracy recruiters do their best to calm a budding
willworker and convince him that the best way to handle his new

"insights" is to use them to work for the common good. Therapy,
counseling and technomagickal treatments ease the stress of
Seekings and Epiphanies while also monitoring resident mages for
signs of defection or rebellion,

No one knows what the Union's Inner Circle thinks of
Avatars. The official party line, however, is that they are manifes-
tations of humanity's inner genius. The dreams, visitations, conflicts
and Seekings are merely figments of overtaxed imaginations,
subconscious solutions to troubling iss

They may even be correct

32 Mage: The Ascension

Hd

arm

WY


Elements of the Path

No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no
glory; no cross, no crown
William Penn

Whatever Path a mage follows, three common
elements apply: awareness, conflict and resolution
Almost every mage runs across them at some point,

KN which he brushed off in the morning. A

Dreamspeaker will actively seek her destiny in a
visionquest, but may ignore unresolved conflicts. Either mage may
die or get stuck before reaching some resolution. So it goes.

Awareness

Though some few Awakened are born aware, many are not.
They begin their livesas mundane humans, who often have some sort
of "gift" that sets them apart —ahintof precognition, an otherworldly
air, exceptional talent, insight or wisdom beyond their years. This
early "difference" helps set them up for what happens next.

Mages call themselves the Awakened fora reason. Atsome crucial
point — often a crisis of some kind — that person becomes more and
more aware that reality as others perceive it is a sham. This may occur
through a gradual build-up ora sudden revelation, though some kind of
"tremors" usually foreshadow the Awakening itself. These might in-
clude a mentor's formal approach, strange dreams, blackouts, brushes
with the supernatural or any number of odd things. Suddenly, these
tremors explode, the Avatar reaches out, and the mage Awakens.

Epiphany

Awakenings not simply saying "Wow, man! Magick works!"
Ieisa fourfold embrace — mental, spiritual, physical and intellec-
tual — of the existence of magick. Without it, a person may see
magick, feel magick, grasp magick, but never become magick. Such
Awakening, called an Epiphany, is always sudden; the mundane
world goes pale and the hidden one bursts into full-color. Some
mortals go mad forever upon Awakening and never progress any
further than that. Strong-willed mages recover and advance, but
they never forget the experience.

While successful Seekings grant further bursts of insight, no
later Epiphany can ever match that first moment when a mage
truly understands the existence of magick and the nature of the
world,

Vision
With Awakening comes an affinity for the hidden world and
ion of the "overall picture." Once a person's eyes are opened
this way, they can never close. The mage may never call what he
does "magick," but the essential idea — that of changing reality
itself through personal will — is univer

avi

The Path comes through this vision. The mage may never
have a literal vision, but the purpose behind it will haunt her until
she follows it.

Chapter Two: The Mystic Path 33


NG?' Ail

Instruction

An Epiphany is traumatic; everything the person has be-
lieved until now turns to dust. Finding a mentor is usually a good
idea at this stage; without one, a mage quickly goes out of control
or gets swept up in some other supernatural agency's plans. The
four great factions and lesser Crafts (see Chapter Three) often
sow the seeds of Epiphanies among prospective recruits or entice
the self-Awakened into their ranks, using anything from friend-
ship to instruction to strong-arm tactics.

If the mage finds a good mentor, she may learn to control her
power and advance her understanding of reality in all its aspects.
The teacher ideally passes on both his wisdom and his protection.
Without either, a newly-born mage may often find herself slaving
away under some powerful master or decaying in a nameless grave.

Conflict

Acsome point in her life, the mage will encounter conflicts,
both internal and external. Internal struggles include those with
doubt, pride and loneliness, while external battles rage against rival
mages, supernatural beings, Sleeper society and reality itself.

Trials

It is not an easy task to be a mage. Doubt and hubris (excessive
pride) are constant enemies, and either one can lead a sorcerer to
destruction. Even if she triumphs against those, the solitary Path she
has chosen will often drive her to regret the day she first Awakened.

B

Magick requires confidence; without it, reality refuses to con-
form to your desires or slaps you in the face for your presumption.
Shocks to a mage's confidence may cause him to doubt his ability to
do what he must. This may paralyze him just when he needs his power
most. Overconfidence, however, leads to the hubris that makes
horrors out of even the best intentions. Because I can change reality
with my will, the prideful mage believes, my willis always correct. This
attitude leads to arrogance, rivalry and eventual stagnation. A
prideful wizard may attain great power, but he loses his enlighten-
ment, his purpose and often his friends in the process. Without
moderation, he becomes a force for corruption, not growth. The
Nephandic Descension, Technocratic Pogrom and Doissetep in-
trigues are only the most obvious examples of hubris in action.

Humans, too, are a fickle and jealous lot. Although they
instinctively bow before someone with power they don't have,
such worshippers turn on their "betters" sooner or later. When
they do, a mage may find herself running for her life. The Burning
Time, when the witchfires raged throughout Europe, was only
manipulated, not caused by, the Order of Reason (see Chapter
Three). The embers still smolder, waiting to engulf any sorcerer
who steps too far out into the public eye. Hence, a mage must hide
some part of herself away from the society she once belonged to.

Seekings often turn these conflicts into a gauntlet of trials
which the mage must overcome in order to advance. Those who
cannot do so stop in their tracks, or falter and decline. Such
failures often turn to Infernal powers, magickal Talismans and
outside allies when they feel their power slipping away.

xesults when a mage slides too far into her own world-
Risjinadness, which sometimes manifests in solid
{tions called hobgoblins, imprisons the sorcerer in her own
tak ie dedicated Seeking or outside aid to free a mystick
ietj and the effects may linger for lifetimes to come (See

Warfare

No mage escapes dealings with the outside world. Even
hermits who sequester themselves on mountain-tops meet spirits,
other mysticks and supernatural creatures. No one makes friends
with them all. Unless the mage offers her throat willingly to the
first vampire or demon to cross her path, she will, sooner or later,
have to fight.

Thehidden world teems with enemies—vampires, werewolves,
demons, Umbrood, ghosts, rival mages, the spirit-ridden (called
fomori by some) and even, it is said, the last of the faeries. The
mortal world includes a host of witch-burners, government agents
and simple thugs, any one of whom could end one's life. The wise
mage knows when (and how) to fight and when to run.

Some mages surrender themselves to such conflicts. War
Chantries, Rogue mercenaries and Technocratic death squads see
enough combat to make a Marine turn queasy. They do not,
however, tend to live long; ifan enemy doesn' kill them, Paradox
inevitably does.

Intrigue offers a better chance of survival, at the price of
paranoia. Magickal enemies can strike at you in any number of ways.
Old mysticks, who have left their ideals behind, treasure such rival-
ries. For them, power-gaming isall they have left. Young sorcerers are
advised to tread lightly among those who measure their life spans in
national histories; such wizards are indeed subtle and quick to anger.

Paradox is the enemy of all who twist the threads of fate.
Unlessawillworkeris very careful, the weightof consensual reality
will squash her like roadkill. Reality is like a river, and each new
soul speeds the current. Mages who ignore that current may be
swept up by it and drowned.

Resolution

If the mage survives all obstacles, she may reach her ideal
Ascension. If not, she falls into whatever trap fate has laid across
her Path.

The Fall

This could come in any number of ways — stagnation,
corruption, death, madness, slavery and annihilation are only the
most obvious.

Stagnation or corruption comes from within. In the first case,
the mystick simply surrenders himself to worldly power, loses sight
of his goal and becomes a disgrace to his role. He may remain
powerful, but he never grows. Sooner or later, his life span becomes
an insult to consensual reality, and he is forced to hide in a Realm
or some obscure Domain.

Corruption, to the Nephandi, is weakness and the fear of
Final Night. To others, it is the point where power-lust blinds the
mage and turns her away from her ideals. Some willworkers are
corrupted by raw force, others by worldly distractions and still
others by Otherworldly influences. In either case, the mystick has
lost the Path, possibly for good.

‘A mage who dies, it is said, returns to the cycle of the Wheel
to be reborn. One who makes an Infernal pact (or gives himself to
the Higher Powers upon his death) is taken out of this cycle, and
his Avatar endures whatever praise or punishment its incarnation
earned. Mysticks wonder about the fate of Technocratic Avatars.
Although Technomancers theoretically remove themselves from
the cycle through their own disbelief, there never seems to be a


shortage of such mages. Indeed, the Euthanatos and Akashic
Brotherhood once mounted a rare cooperative scheme to take
Technomancers "out of the loop;" it failed. Those who study the
ways of Drahma (the Akashic view of destiny) say that Static
Mages, too, play a part in destiny's plan.

Some mages never escape Quiet. These would-be mysticks end
up in asylums or homeless shelters, lost in halls of mirrors. Some say
Marauders and familiars are in fact mages who lost their sanity
forever, but the only way to know for sure is to go mad and see.

Slavery is a cruel end to the Path, whether it comes from the
Blood Bond of a powerful vampire, magickal shackles, emotional
ptivity in a Realm. A mage who ends up aslave has
run the scale from a mover of reality to a mover of shit. Though

weakness or ca

survival means possible escape, a willworker never heals the scars
that slavery brings.

Worst of all are those whose Avatars are demolished through
the Gilgul Rite, warped by the vampiric Embrace or sent out into
the Deep Umbra to be devoured by Umbrood. Such deaths are
eternal, tragic ends to a final Path.

Ascension

Ascension can be global or personal. Even Orphans and Craft

I to which they aspire; they just don't put

some ide:

labels on it. The four Ascension War factions, however, are

defined by their ultimate goals. The extent to which a member of

one of these "team:

actually believes in his professed goal depends
upon the mage himself.

To the Technocracy, personal perfection takes a back seat to
global unity. Under this vision, all random elements would be

stomped out or harnessed for the common good. Eventually,

everyone would come to realize that this is the best destiny possible

harmony under the Technocracy's benevolent ga:

The Marauders seek an end to the order they feel was imposed
upon the Earth by too much sanity. Although many of them seem

like mere kooks, underneath the delusions, each Marauder sees the

primal chaos from which all possibilities spring. It is their goal —
when they think about a goal at all — to open that vision to
everyone.

Nephandic Ascension is Descension, nothing less than paint-
ing the whole world black or dying in the process. Some, it is

rumored, want to let demented entities through the barriers
between the Otherworlds and our own. Perhaps they just want
each of us to let our own inner demons free. In either case, the
Fallen On
to usher in Fi

to bring the world as we know it toan eternal end,
al Night.

Diversity is sacred to the Council of Nine Traditions. No other

see

faction, with the possible ex
sonal Ascension with the Traditions' fervor. To the Council mages,

ption of the Marauders, seeks per-

all people should have the potential to grow toward some higher
state. Though each Tradition, and each mage within each Tradi-
tion, has a different idea of just what Ascension is, all agree that the
other groups must nothave their way. For the first time in centuries,
it appears that the Council may have its wish.

So what happens when a mage Ascends? Who knows? Some
say she joins the Oracles in their Umbral paradises (or, in the case
of many Technomancers, Autocthonia's fabled Halls of the Ma-
chine). Others speak of passage to the Afterlives, ascension into
Heaven or withdrawal from all earthly needs. In the modern age,
however, all too many mages dismiss personal Ascension as a pipe
dream. And that may be the saddest belief of all.

Chapter Two: The Mystic Path

35



‘Chapter Three:

Mage Society

Those who are awake all live in the same world

Those who are asleep live in their own worlds

Heraclitus

Clarissa's Seeking
A childlike voice echoed in Clarissa's mind as she
BI peered into the night, curious about this trial of which
her mentor had told her nothing
"For each of us, greater power comes only when
we truly know ourselves. This is your test, Clarissa, to

know yourself and your limitations. To save yourself
y It begins."

Suddenly, Clarissa found herself looking at a
child of six. It's me, she thought wildly. That child is me! The younger
Clarissa impudently stuck out her tongue and ran into bright moonlight
The older Clarissa followed. Suddenly she was assaulted by a rank odor

she was standing in a heap of garbage behind a scrubby bush alongside
a highway. Then she saw the little girl on the other side of the bush,
pulling up her underpants

"I'm done, I'm done!" she yelled. She emerged from the bushes
and ran toward a car
Clarissa clambered out of the garbage and got another shock
Oh shit. Oh shit! I'm not me, I'm a man, some kind of
homeless person. That stink... it's me! Clarissa nearly puked. She
ran her filthy hands over her body. It was oldish, maybe fifty, with
cloudy vision, rotten teeth and rheumatism

Then the little girl screamed. Clarissa saw that she cowered before
a tall man with bulging muscles and an icy gleam in his eye. Drool fell
from the comers of his mouth as he grabbed for the child and missed

Clarissa clumsily stumbled over to them, shouting, desperate to
gain the man's attention, knowing she had to keep him away from the
child. She met the man's eyes. "You son of a bitch. If I were really
myself, I'd make you scream like a lobster over a slow fire."

He shook his head. "Whatever you say." Forgetting the child, he
threw Clarissa onto the hard cement, then grabbed her arm, twisting it
behind her back. Clarissa heard a cracking noise as he tore her elbow out
of its socket. From far away, a car door slammed, and, turning her
head, she saw that the little girl had climbed into a gold Duster, which
was now spinning out onto the highway

The man looked at her glumly. "I don't believe it. Thanks to you,
my fun for the evening just got away." He sighed, and with a ferocious
kick, busted one of Clarissa's kneecaps. As she screamed, he drew a
clawed hand across her face, raking out an eye

The pain was beyond her comprehension, so harsh she couldn't
even scream. It doesn't matter, thought Clarissa. It doesn't! I
managed to fight him off and save the little girl. That's all that
matters. Her eyes closed as the darkness fell around her, and she knew
that in sacrificing herself, she had completed her quest

Chapter Three: Mage Society

ID.

a i

Aq Burproap ‘vaze zejnoned yey ur Aatpear Jo ,29s,, aya Paystjqeasa
SIOUUIM WHAI-BUO] ay] "Burp arom Aayp ey P:
nay Ysinoyp *(Aatpea4 ‘snyp pue) sJa1]aq [220] [ONUOD 01 YSU atp Joy
paisaiuioa sareis-uoHeu Uayp ‘santo Uayp ‘saqu | "Jy yea adejdas
0] aaons sUAWUIAA08 pur sarydosopyd au 's Jaypour papreg siad

ear aw aup 1

-dyysiom s,po8 ouo ‘swipered 10 a2xaWWOD ‘auNyNIe JO} 1YBNO}
a494 Siem [LION J ‘poreusers Jo payas pur squa.n> aqesedas oUt
paystya Aarpiqissod jo moy aayy ayp ‘(aDuarDs pure y>1Hew Jo ouaNyut
AYP Noy pu YA) paajoaa pue papuedxa AueUNY sy

-(oBe saea4 puesnoyp aazyp anoge aun sawn
suoastysud woy) soByy oy aAyy AO'] aU paye Mou ‘skep asoyp UE
piny 219m Anpe91 Jo soepunog ay J, -Avm UMO TIO PUY Oyo IUDA
Ajdunis aay e a]! peur iUaM aUIOg "ssouyZEp J9INO Jo 934n JaUUT
YA pamo]]oJ SI9YI0 pue ‘pos s91vII3 ay padeiquio aUIOg "parisap
Aatp asodind saaaieya 40) 21 Sulsn pue wopsim pue samod sy)
Buipuedxa ‘A19190s JeuOUL Jo sadunyy ayp UO parsixa Ajduns ew
ISP "Ppaas}xa sUONUPAUOD JO sUOTIpRI] [LULOJ OU ‘sdrysMoy]a}
popuru-ay1] 11 ayza80 popueg si9y10m-yo1Seur Au YSNOLLY
"yBI]s 919M om ay Uadaag s9oUaLAYIp aUp "eIUUDT|TU LOq "(suo
-enba pur siuawaja jo waned ras v woy paatiap euawouayd |e
paaarjaq oym) sastauaias-saydosopyd ay pasoddo (yans a1 payje>
pur ypidew paxiom oym) syorishtu aya ‘Burmuiaq oy) WoL]

‘Buyp snonuar e uaaq aavy asnu aiqissod 10U sem pur
JeYyM UdaMIog sUBIqWAUT dy INg ‘Udy? UDAd Parsixa aavy ABUT II
‘MOU am Se ‘XOpereY "SaLNIUAD 10} paat] pue spaap 1ea13 paunopiad
aay 02 ples ase eu asiy ayp ‘suITUO Noy JoaaeyA\ "Aryper0UW
Jo suorsuayaidwios asiy aya uF yew stot Jo UIBLO aya puy
S[RAH soreueying Noy 9]1Ya ‘uO sem AIUEUINY [Pe ay aBe|LA
ajBuis e woy Sueids uoMpery soya wey suTE]D pooysaporg
onyseyy ay] ‘@8ueyp SursuLg yareg ayp pazopuem oyas "49K, ay
07 Jajay euaqia, aup Ssoureu Auew Aq ruaa saBew asaya ay |

uoIsuadsy oy] :adeyy gE

UOISUADSY Jo VOISTA ay? :aIeIs J9YsTY
AWOS JO UOISIA puk padu oyp UT ‘Buruayemy pue prey jo wo}
MAUY SUG aang ayp areas snoruouLeY
ayqeyeur ayp 0 uinraz attos 10} paSuo] Ady ‘uo!

ayp Ut sonuRUOD aBan sty

4904 pur [Rats
-ins jo saan ajdunts oy puodag pasueape Aaruewny ay)
‘uawdoyaaap uewny Ut 22103 ‘ajaqns
ySnoyr Quaiod & urewrar saSeu ‘uorour ut yas Aayp siuaad ay
pu quasaid Aayp sajdurexa ayp ysnoay J ‘azeme Suraq Ayduns Aq ang
‘Surzaaieddnd Asumnj> ySnoyp rou —suruurag ayp toy AUEWNY
Jo asinod ayy papind aavy ydIWBeu jo siayIOM ayp ‘siomod pue

siysisur soy YBnoxy ] os op Ajdunts pjnoo Aatyeaz puag 01 paysiar
Oya auoAuE Yay aUN & JAAA sea aIayP aAatfaq sadeuL WApoUL

Maj ‘21qIssod Ayeonauoatp st BuruayeMy apia-ppom Yysnowpy
"may snoraud ev jo IYSUYAIG oy st yoIseyy azz smoqpE IY
aug pouayemy Jo pays axp fazer uaag skemye aaey saeyy
paajoaa
yprdeur Jo swuauauyar 1YyR0 ]]e ‘SIO asaya WoL "]]IM Jo 2210}
Aq Anyeas arejndiuew 2 a8eur ayp smoyje poysout sayzq (89910)
Jeusaixa Jato 40) sannua yonskur yaa uOTUNUTUOD Ynomp
saws samtiod yons reyp suIE|D JayIO ay >T!YM Jag pauarysrpua
ayy Woy sMOY Art]ear Jay]e 01 Jamod ays IU sareIs
auo

sumpg Kangsppg uo ‘punos v uy

7, i

198 a4v Wyn sqUOIS asayp 12B40f 104 JIM |

pousyemy oy] JO AJOISIEL V

"Aunsop Jo suaved 10 J]! 994 Jo tuase axe Aaup Joyaya MOU

2,Wop 1 Ut aAat]aq YM sasew ay | ‘BurLyxs9y ayp aploap or dn sa210y
sir 9s sey Aunsap 1eyp [99} sod aandadsonuy ‘peay v.01 SuTUOY>D9y
styp aysinoug uada aaey AeU a] "ssaupeU Jo YUIIg ay O2 paresa}999
sey ‘aMeq Jim Jo U0s & se URBaq YDIYA GEA) UOISUDDSY ay
pisdn Bursooyp oy,4aup pue ‘pom ayp uodn si —aBueypaatssew e
— Suruoysoy rap & awyp axejndads pouayemyy aWog ‘puryag Y>q
40 snq ayp uo Jaya a4,n04 pur ‘ssad01d Sutosuo ue s} uo)

$Sulu0oy99% OY

"--Apuaueunad aoe ay woy Surddosp wea pynos ar wuIod
Jetonuo stup ae saayey UOINDey Aue pynoyg "aU st UOISUaDsY IeUD [29}
safle SOW "UAAIS AUOU PUR payse st JaUeNb OU ed your yp 40
19{ ‘PMY E UMOp Mom o2 aauns A}jeNsN say]]e Ga~OUE duo pre UR
soypey ‘2ouer]e Asvaun uv axis suooe Oar ‘A][BUOISEI9Q)

s1oquuny> atp jo azn
ayt wayar seista pur suresa Suayip aya ‘99"j arveredas v ayes
ead papnosys-yrdus ay dow siey
a1ayp queyd 02 Surses ‘uoIsuadsy pay]e> ureUNOU! ures ay quIT]D
Ilv 2ypour auo jsurese suonaey Noy suid 1e Ay UOIsUadSY ay ‘IEA
auepunun & 94!]UA "spuadsy asiaatun aya pue URYY (JI UDAA 10)
soy aplzap 02 YSU slayp ag |peys ay "aanany ayp erp |] Kay —
Arorsty ayuamar §]a19u1 UeYp a10UL Op ]]1A eA stUp Jo sI9UULA ay
"Aujeas jo JJe pue yaseg sno ‘Aaruewny jo arey axp st ayers ay "uMA\

©} uasoyp sey UOHEY YoE:

uorsuaosy ay2 IDIyUOS JesIaatUN ‘9]qISIAUE stEp []eD soBeyy

jeorsyd ue Aayp se pestydosoyiyd uayo

Se aue sayse]> IY ANA Os[e St I] *S191YUOD AYP [194.01 YorTEU an

srouuem yoriskwy aya ued sow ays 104 ‘aouaasixa Woy paystuEA

{juasedde pue Aep uo sau09 & pauaNy oyM UELUSsoUIsNg IY
quaunsede say ur paisnquios Ajsnoauequods Oya ‘uny "sIpy
sanyenses aya asdunys Aew nox ey) UeLp a]aqns axoW aze seu
— 20U asinod 4O jAUYU! sore YO} PUL eq SYTYs 11 sv OUT]
1UOY AY? Wo4y Saud ay way NOA UD {Ap Ar9Aa Jo aINUTU A1Aa
saex yoryar svar ay 298 NOA OC] "MOPULA INOA apIsINO YOO]

2M UOISUDDSV 9Y,_L

-sustedures
wu say JoNpuoD Aayp YIyA toy spjoysuons ayp pue ‘apeys
Hay UL purrs OYM sI9pIsINO oY UEA\ UOISUaSsY IUOLIND ay
Jo Suo!a9e} Noy ap Naas 1003 asoy Wor, "sed yp Jo sUONEpUNOY
up Yara eas asNUL NOK ‘AqA190s Seu WapoU! Puersi9pUn o |,

"aay s19yp tpeauag tpeg
.saBeur aya Jo sauois ayp 2]9y aaey pauayeay-un ays uaa ‘Aarear
adeys yorya saaem xooys ay2 ows suzaned sn wory -aovad

UU! pu azepTeM 19INO JO ss019-ss119 & OUT syTeY AUBUT asOYA JO
aouadiaatp aya Woy pur ‘yreg sasew ay) Woy saoy aj "YAW pue
Aaqeau ‘Azays4tu jo uaA0a "uao 311 Jo Ansadea vst AA9!90s BUY

WA


O/AINN||

————_———_

6 Aaisog aseyy saa] Jaadeyo)

un8aq pey wo8og ay] ‘a19yp parstxa Apeauye wey ,s1UaUIa|
wopues, aya Surdonsap pue [Im sapiO ay2 02 wap Surdeys
"eas aup ssoade spur] payqey oyp pur ery Vy Jo spur] 1ej ay 02 asINOD
alayp panoid siaxaag plo, ‘9[1ya aya [[y "JaueW pue ads jo
sp}iom ayp usemiaq iapUNED at paudyaduans syreu |npoMog
sjeay pushy saya Burpee arya aanyeu s9ao Auepuasse
sAatuewiny paypeasd srapea] snoi8ija1 pue sioyonnsut Ausi9atug)
‘sipa{qns pue saoy say) 1900 JaMod way? pazues3 oy sradyIUe
pur sioydosopryd yary atp parosuods ungoys pur sroradura ‘seq
Jeg atp Uy ‘syxieur ,uaatd-poo,, oy) YM siayuNY ay Surpre
pur srontsinbuy pur siauny-youim feow Sururof ‘adoing ysnomp
paduioas 1yZnoy y, axng Jo [equa aup Jo siaIpjos 300} ayp ‘(sauors
-kay 10 siuawayy aug 22 pa|fe> osje) 2ouaNyut jo saiayds ay
uowe susaned uowuos autaip 07 1yYBnos siaydosopryd Arext}os

APY AN "DeEqueg ay 09 apAqns ayp Woy pasues spoyraUt soy [,
Aqyuewiny [e10U 1940 ploy emeUZadns ap Yeauq 02 1YZNOs UOSeaY,
J.29pQ aYp ‘ws!oNIsAtu 49A0 adUAIDs Jo UONOWOId Ag ,IYSIN ay Jo
saungeaiz siaatp |] pue 119A\ ‘SBuNpaBuEYH ‘sypoaiq ‘Sayoud
‘sa188og ‘sayaey ‘s1uneB1yBIN ‘s1919910g"*-,, UO Tem Pare]Iap JPIO)
ayp ‘asodind pur uorsta uous & BuLeYg "santiqissod puesnoyy
e URUp Jayes sea YN payrun a[Burs e ae I9UAI ay YIA JayIa801

paurof ‘uoseay jo spiQ ayp pares udyp ‘sastUd!9s-s0ydosoptyd
Jo uoresapayuod v Uaya "GZ¢] Ul UeBdg Artpead Joy Jem ON YL

Al M UOISUIDSY 9U_L

ypprBeur paxzom ous asoup tpi parueys
-uasip mar8 siadaa[g yeuow ayy pue

W_piny punoze asoou
& maup ‘Aalfear papunom jo yseppreq aya ‘xopereg "AUeUI ay? 104
]]°M atp pauostod may ayp jo suis ayy "Sueads Azastu pur [1Aasoywas3

‘suonuaiuy |1Aa wo4y "Ansade | oup jo seare ajoym pasojoo saseus
yp Aq ysnoy sapaeq snort ayp ang "(eM UT pa]]aox9 sKempE SEY,
pupyueur) saajasuatp asuowre 1y3y 09 sprezen Surpreq ayp Jo diay
ay] paautou pIp pauarystfuaun ay | ‘As9240s pue aoua!s jo suoN Ie}
uaamiaq 1ysned auam WBeYy andy ayp Jo aWUAIYsITUa ay) JOU
Jup}e2 ay JaYpIOU pey OYA ‘stadaayg JeUOW ay] ‘azepTeM PeMadiod
xd ‘saunurey ‘sanded pasq ayuns uersuod oy,

pure suonns:

"Ajusaa09 40 Auado Jaypia Yayo Ysea YL paxsem s19yO Inq,
‘aovad ut parsixao9 sdnos3 asap jo Aue yy "suaA0d puke sy]n9 ‘suOISIar
‘spooysayroag ‘spyin3 jo spaspuny orut paytpifos sdrysmoy]ay Ape
AY, ‘tog a19m |e UONWIAI]E ssauSNOI9sUOD puR JJag ayp Jo TuaUE
-autyar ‘yatey pur diysiom ‘uononnsuos aoynue ‘saouatos [eoIshyd
‘uorunumuos autds ‘Suppo spew ‘Kydosopyd ysry ‘huayo
TV "UY SeUUa}, YsIY or YeIsyDuIM spoomyDeq Woy ‘paajoaa
PISeu Jo sjooyss UaIaHIC] "UaxJO PayOM pu ‘Par}om IU sjoor
puy 02 UoHeAID a]qeasasqo Jo 00 ay 01 paajap sI9YRO ‘sx>15eUI
ay! aAlap 02 sassaoX Ja1was3 UI pa3[npul pue parensny Mas3 saseu
asatp Jo awlog "UO IUAM aU se Yst{duIoI9e 02 yNDYZIp a1our pue
a10u1 aureDaq Inq ‘9]qissod paurewias |e — pueUNUOD UO pauoUTUNs
sat]]e A[ppomuaypo ‘suuz0as a8ny ‘soysse> 10 surerUNOU! jo UOTEAAI]

‘apy jeuarg "pueumuos 0} ss1ayp JU] OU a1aM puada] jo sramod
ayp 1eyp pasnou sa8eu awos ‘payiptjos pur pamoureu Aatpea1 jo sue
-punog ayy sy ‘sauyuos mouzeu UNWIN ATO paresado yory ‘s13eUE
onieas pure ‘]]1a 2e Antjear Jo Surdeysar axp paajoaut yoryas "o1seyy
and | Usama asoze salepunog 3ey awWH styp BuLNp sea I]
sundaq pey sady onpAyy y3tH
AY ‘stawod |Je asurese Warp ploy pue aouaNyut jo seare Yst|qersa
01 1y8nos ew asoy_y_ shes AueU UF Watp paroaey seouasayaid pue
sJat[aq UMO Jay 02 pauLOsUOD 2eyp sWIZIpered yey paztfear 13eU
asim Yaaamoy ‘aU 12AQ "FeUORUAIUTUN sem SUIPIEG SItp Jo ISO
"JOU Pjnos 1eYM pue ,Jea4,, aq PINOD IeYM snsuasuOD snoI9suoIUN


WX Z|

WZ ON

The Order's progress was slow but implacable. Although
Paradox struck down early technological advances (flying ma-
chines, cannons, mechanical soldiers), persistence, ferocious will
and subtle paradigm shifting through reeducation eventually paid
off. Scientists and philosophers spread the new gospel among the
educated few, while the Order's more militant followers drove
away or killed the mysticks. Although the concepts of hard science
took hold slowly, the solid will of the united Order began a
shrinking of possibility that reverberated across the entire world,

a deadening process that continues to this day

ni

The mysticks looked for a scapegoat. At first, they lashed out
at each other or the unfortunate Sleepers around them. But as the
tide of reality shifted away from them, warfare and plague swept
across the settled world. Even native mysticks in far-off Africa and
America felt the reverberations. A huge storm was building. Finally,

over a century after the founding of the Order, three mages of rival

houses —a Hermetic wizard, a Christian mage and a descendant of
the primordial Wyck —decided that the infighting must end. With
help from other like-minded sorcerers, they traveled the Earth,
gathering a convocation of mysticks together for mutual protection
and acommon purpose. This Grand Convocation took nine years of
debate and diplomacy to form. Finally, during Summer Solstice,
1466, the Council of Nine Mystick Traditions was established
Rallyingaround "Ascension" and the restoration of wonder, the
Traditions brought their own mystick might to bear. Unfortunately,
even from the beginning the Council was rocked by setbacks. One
Tradition disbanded, another virtually walked out, and internal

dissension raged. While many Traditionalists held to the Council's

ideals, the Council lacked the Order of Reason's unity and soon fell

before them. The Mythic Ages came to a brutal end.

The Age of Reason

Without a strong rival to oppose them, the Order of Reason

brought their own version of Ascension to the world. Their vast
hubris led them to subjugate all cultures they came across. While
many good works were done in the name of science and technol-
ogy, the Inner Circle of the Order soon became greedy, plundering
the riches and resources of faraway lands, capturing and burning
and "heretics." Dynamism took hold, but it

all "devil worshippers'
was Dynamism gone haywire. Although great deeds were per
formed, entire civilizations were also ravaged. The Tapestry shook

as new paradigms and innovations clashed with beliefs that had

been established for centuries
As the Industrial Revolution took off, the ever-present
Nephandi latched onto the greed of the Technomancers, leading

the visionaries to greater and greater evils. The Marauders, who

had always lived along the fringes, exploded; once rare, they
increased in number and power, seemingly oblivious to the ever-
tightening grip of Paradox. The Traditions continued to squabble

or else hid themselves away. Afri

n and Native American mages

brought grievances against their European brethren in Council,
but were rebuffed. Many among them quit the Council altogether
and returned to defend their homelands. The Order of Reason,
reorganizing under the name of the Technocratic Union, or the
Technocracy, took full advantage of the erupting chaos.

The mystic backlash of the 1800s and the addition of two new
and unpredictable Technomancer groups (the Sons of Ether and

Difference Engineers) gave the Tradition mages an extra edge.
Subtle v

their wondrous past. Primitivism, occultism, radical art, religious

rds, meanwhile, reminded a future-shocked world of

aA?

or Unita?

40

Mage: The Ascension

a
J
Jus


revival and ethnic resurgence captured imaginations across the

civilized world, undermining the Technocratic paradigm. Social
unrest and the evolution of new political theories also aided the

mysticks' cause. When the Sons of Ether defected from the Order

of Reason, the long-vacant ninth seat was filled and the Council's
fortunes took a turn for the better. Soon after, however, the Ahl-
i-Batin left the Council, disgusted with the Traditions' seeming
indifference to the invasion of their homelands. Once again, the
Council members numbered only eight

The Technocracy, reputedly under the direction of Queen
Victoria, gave itself a face-lift. The Seekers of the Void left Earth
toshore up the Horizon between the Near and Deep Umbrae. The

last vestiges of God-faith were purged from the new Machine, and
the race for new and better devices — flying machines, automo-

biles, tanks, machine guns, poison gas — was on.

Wars
The First World Wa

hard. Its horrors shattered the ideals of the once-benevolent

slapped the Technocrats across the face

Order, anda schism erupted. Nephandi fed on the sudden hopeless-
ness of the post-war generation, casting their influence across men
and women of power. In the vacuum, the Traditions were able to
secure a foothold, spreading their own influence through fiction
and art. The Second World War tore through both groups, pitting

m against one another along national lines.

The Technocratic Inner Circle voted at first to support the
Axis powers in the name of a worldwide Union. Nearly half of the
assembled Symposium walked out in disgust. Even the most loyal

Technomancers began to work against Hitler's plans when the
depths of his madness became wholly apparent. Purges and ven
dettas raged within the Technocratic halls as war machines unlike
anything previously imagined rolled off hideously effective assem-
bly lines. The Council, crippled by constant infighting and the
defection of the Ahl-i-Batin, divided as we

Aany Hermetics,
Sons of Ether and Verbena threw in with thi
Akashic mages battled their Chinese Brothers. Tradition and
Convention alike splintered to fight each other. The Akashic
Brotherhood and Iteration X were hit hardest by this shock wave,
and the Virtual

xis, and Japanese

Adepts openly defied their Inner Circle superiors
to support the Allies. Numerous Marauders Awakened (or went
Wyld) during the war,
Nephandi, meanwhile, bathed in the horrors that were born from
the war

adding their own chaos to the mix. The

Rumors claim that as the body counts grew, the Inner Circle
suffered its own internal battle. Those Technomancers who sup-
ported the cause of the Allies won, and they formed a briefalliance
with Tradition mages to expel the most powerful Nephandi to the
outer darkness. Like the wartime Sleeper alliance, this joint
venture fell apart as soon as the war ended. Word of the
Technomancer revolt was hushed up, and the Pogrom resumed.
The Virtual Adepts, decimated by the Technocratic takeover of
their homelands, defected to fill the Ahl-i-Batin's seat. From the
chaos of the war and its aftermath, all sides suffered. The death of

Virtual Adept Alan Turing tore a hole from the material world

into the virtual reality called the Net, creating a new front for the
ongoing War, and the shadows of mass media, pollution, weaponry
and nuclear power stacked the deck in the Technocracy's favor —
for now.

IVD,

Leif jone

N
4945
{ p

Chapter Three: Mage Society

Se

NO Ail

\

E

The post-war reorganization left all four major factions with
strong gains over the previous century. The Council stands nine
strong for the first time in centuries. Many Sleepers have grown
wary of science and seek other answers — answers the Traditions
can supply. The magicks of the Technocracy have become a
paradigm that stretches worldwide, and the Technocrats now
command a huge pool of Sleepers. The Nephandi have a strong

link to late-century disillusionment and corruption, and the
Marauders have grown to numbers never known before. As the
millennium approaches, the four factions gather their forces and
take stock of their resources. Each has its own specific goal:
Ascension for the Traditions, global security for the Technocracy,

unbridled change for the Marauders and final destruction for the
Nephandi. Alll mages have a vision. The coming years may decide
who — if anyone — wins.

Factions: Who's Who

Who goes there?
— traditional hail of the sentinel

There is strength in numbers, and very few
True Mages exist. Although some mysticks refuse
to choose sides in (or acknowledge) the War, the
majority of today's Awakened find themselves
affiliated — willingly or otherwise — with one of
the four great factions. Their "turf" is just too large
to ignore. Those few regions left outside the "mod-
ern world" sit on the fringe of the battle (for now),
but since reality belongs to whomever holds the largest paradigm,
neutral ground is hard to come by. The Ascension War may be a
form of magickal imperialism, but it's not going to end anytime
soon. The stakes are too high.

These four descriptions are generalizations only; mysticks are
individuals, not labels. All societies have their common ground,
however, and it is always good policy to know where you stand
among peers — or enemies.

The Council of Nine
Mystick Traditions

The Company of the Ring shall be Nine; and the nine walkers shall
be set against the Nine Riders that are evil.

—J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

Innumerable arcane traditions both magical and magickal
have long considered "nine" to be a particularly potent number.
In Hermetic numerology, "nine" represents the Mage bearing the
Lamp of Enlightenment throughout Reality. Nine is also the peak
of power and experience in a nine-phase cycle, and represents the
perfection of mind and spirit.

The Council of Nine attempts to harness this destiny.
Throughout its history, however, it has failed to fill all nine seats
for any length of time. Eight — a number which signifies the
mundane world and all its trappings — has long been its fate.

But now some small hope appears. After many years, the
Council of Nine has recently reached full strength once again.
Though outnumbered, Tradition mages anticipate that their nine-
for-one and one-for-nine unity will provide a numerological edge.
They have two other arguable advantages: their magick is more
versatile, and their ideals of individual freedom within a societal
context appeal to more Sleepers than the creeds of other factions.

Ina black-and-white world, these mysticks would be consid-
ered champions of good. Unfortunately, reality is in truth a
mottled gray. The Council has its share of flaws, and each
Tradition its misguided members.

42 Mage: The Ascension

Assembling the Council

Walk awhile, walk awhile

Walk awhile with me

The more we walk together, love

The better we'll agree

— Fairport Convention, "Walk Awhile"

The forerunners of the nine Traditions were mysticks who
valued wisdom and faith, and benefited most from the fluid reality
of the Low Mythic Age. Two such groups, the Order of Hermes and
the Celestial Chorus, even helped develop Europe's High Mythic
Age. All mysticks — whether Bacchanalian, witch or adherents of
other beliefs — thrived in this atmosphere of faith and superstition.

One winter day in 1210, the Hermetic Chantry Mistridge in
southern France toppled before peasants armed with cannons and
techniques of anti-magick. Similar coups occurred all over Europe
and the Far East. Soon after, the newly-formed Inquisition began
to persecute mysticks and hapless Sleepers. Mage blamed mage,

and they began to fight among themselves.

Faced with the very real threat of extermination, three magi
met to discuss opposition to the Order of Reason: Baldric of the
Order of Hermes, Nightshade of the Verbena and Valoran of the
Celestial Chorus. They agreed to go forth and gather all sympa-
thetic mages before returning to Mistridge for a key Tribunal. This
Grand Convocation began in 1457. Among the principal mages
were Ali-beh-shaar of the Ahl-i-Batin, Star-of-Eagles and Niaoba
of the Dreamspeakers, Chalech the Euthanatos, Sh'Zar the Cultist
of Ecstasy, Wu Jin of the Akashic Brotherhood and Diplomate Luis
of the Solificati. Many other mages were present as well. A
demonstration of their unity, each group donated one Node in order
to create a common Chantry, Horizon (see the Appendix).

For nine years they met. They argued ideology and direction,
formalized magick into Spheres and mysticks into Traditions, and
agreed upon ranks of knowledge, Protocol and other aspects of mage
society. Then on Summer Solstice 1466, they announced the
formation of the Council of Nine. Suddenly, the future seemed less
grim. The Order of Hermes played up the numerological import of
nine, and that number became a lasting symbol of hope.

The Council's first joint action was to appoint the First
Cabal, a group of nine Adepts whose task it was to traverse the
earth and gather support among Sleeper and Awakened alike,
spreading goodwill and opposing the Order of Reason, the Nephandi
and other enemies. The venture was a terrible failure. Heylel
Teomim the Solificato was corrupted, and in 1470, he betrayed his
companions to the Cabal of Pure Thought (Inquisitor predeces-
sors of the New World Order). Three mages died in combat, and
four were captured. A troupe of Tradition mages eventually


rescued the prisoners and hunted down the traitor. Heylel was
sentenced to Gilgul and death. Unfortunately, the damage was
already done. The betrayer's Tradition, the Solificati, disbanded
after the scandal. The portentous Nine had failed. Losing confi-
dence, the Council became fragmented, its unity hamstrung by
the bitter rivalries between the Akashics and Euthanatos, Ve

bena and Celestial Chorus, and the various Hermetic Houses in
general. Many Dreamspeakers went home in disgust, and Horizon

itself seemed hollow and useless. The next 400 years went poorl

In 1904, the Sons of Ether requested a seat on the Council.
In their desire to fill the ninth seat, the Traditions put aside any
reservations concerning these mages' previous Technocratic sta-
tus. The Sons took the Seat of Matter, previously occupied by their
Solificati predecessors. The Council's sense of completion was
only temporary, as the AhL-i-Batin withdrew in 1934 to defend
their homeland from oil-greedy Technocrats.

Then, in 1961, a second Convention defected to the Coun-
cil. The Virtual Adepts took the Seat of Correspondence, still
warm from the Batini representative. For the first time in centu-
ries, the Council of Nine had (andstill has) the long-sought mystic
number of nine members. The synergy is so unlike anything felt
previously, even during the Grand Convocation, that none fore-
see a parting of ways. Only good can come of it.

But now the Hollow Ones have appeared, unaccounted for.
Clearly, Tradition mages do not want them to join the Technoc-
yet those who heed the Prophecy of Nine fear that their
joining the Council would ruin all for which it has striven. For their
part, the Hollow Ones thumb their noses at the Council, claiming
they do not care for a seat. Yet they hang around like strays at the
edge of a pack. For now, the Hollow Ones

remain loners

Is ten the real number the Council has long awaited? In
numerology, ten equals one (10=1+0=1) — unity, activation and
a new beginning faced with innocent courage.

The Modern Traditions
Akashic Brotherhood

While most Traditions tread the path of Ascension, Akashic
Brothers positively flow along its course. They pursue the path of

least resistance, not because that Way is any easier, but because it's
more natural. Akashic Brothers believe that one must understand
one's Self before one can understand All. Only by perfecting body
and mind, and by creating harmony between them, can one
understand one's place in the Cosmic All. This end is true
enlightenment — and Ascension.

In sanctifying a temple of the Self, the Brotherhood meld
seclusion with mental and physical exercise. Together, this amal-
gam of martial arts and meditation is known as Do, or "The Way"
of life. Renowned for their deep introspection, the Akashic
Brotherhood appropriately occupies the Council Seat of Mind.

Celestial Chorus

High upon the Seat of Prime, the Primus of the Celestial
Chorus observes his spiritual domain. He sees that humanity has
forsaken faith in favor of reliance upon cold and impersonal
technology. This is a sad fall from the Middle Ages, when the
Christian Church dominated Europe and spirituality pervaded all
the world. Yet all is not lost. As the darkness of the world deepens,
strays return to the fold. If the Celestial Chorus can outlast the
night, morning will bring this Tradition great influence.

NY

IN

The Chorus sees its magick in a religious framework. All
houses of worship — temple, mosque and church — are consid-
ered equal under the sun; all godheads are but shards of the
shattered One. Above all, Chorus members are concerned with
the well-being of humanity. As Good Samaritans and religious

leaders, they serve Sleepers by maintaining a vigilance
evil, tending to those in need, and providing guidance through
example or word.

Cult of Ecstasy

From the cults of Bacchus to Woodstock, there have always
been those who believe that free action and self-expression can
lead to something greater, whether this is heightened awareness
revolution. The Cult of E
realm of their experience, no stimuli can be ignored. They open
the floodgates to al six passions: taste, touch, hearing, sight, smell
A Cultist can find deep meaning ina gourmet meal
or home-brewed alcohol, dance or love-making, heavy metal or
sonnets, Cubist art or psychedelic drugs. All passions are construc-
tive in their way.

or

stasy was formed by such people. In the

and awarene:

Cultists rarely push their agenda; every Cultist (and like-
minded Sleeper) is left to his own devices. At the same time, no
one will take responsibility for his actions but himself. Paradox
cally, this most uninhibited Tradition is also one of the most
disciplined.

The Cult of Ec:

ne

‘asy occupies the Seat of Time.

Dreamspeakers

From prehistoric times, Dreamspeakers have wandered the
meandering paths of Ascension alone, meeting occasionally to
compare journeys but more often communicating through spirit
messengers. With the aid of drum-beats and other rituals, these
shamans enter the Dreamlands and converse with
even shapechange into the animal-forms of their guardian famil-
iars. Dreamspeakers are one of the two most primal of Traditions
— those who seek insight and attunement with the Worlds. They
work less from service than from respect and harmony. Neverthe-
less, they can be quite brutal. Nature magick often requires
self- mortification or symbolic death

pirits; many

Undisputed masters of animism, Dreamspeakers occupy the
Seat of Spirit.

Euthanatos

The Euthanatos use Entropy to reduce and recycle. Without
some breaking-down, they know, reality would become dense and
unyielding —a static set-piece rather than a dynamic experiment
One means of ensuring this is to deliver the Good Death upon
those who are ready to die — those who take life's gift too lightly,
or have suffered but cannot heal. The spirits of those dead may
then reincarnate into more productive forms. Their seat, of
course, is Entropy.

Though many Euthanates kill, few enjoy it. They mourn
deeply for every loss of life, so as not to forget the gravity of their
charge. Thus, they often seem dour and distant. Yet Euthanatos do
not fear death, either; every apprentice visits the Other Side
during initiation, and the Ever-Turning Wheel assures them that
death is only temporary.

Chapter Three: Mage Society 43


WX Z|

IZ,

ee

Order of Hermes

The Order of Hermes traces its magickal Tradition to ancient
Egypt and the near East. Once, their Houses included nearly a dozen
gan elaborate ritual Art.

different magickal societies, each practic!

Fate's fortunes, however, have since thrown them all together and

cost them much of the power they once held
Proud and select, Hermetic mages are jealous of their secrets.
thei

They conce: Arts in arcane tongues, numbers, rituals, com-

plex calculations and metaphors such as the Tarot. Their most

elaborate schemes are reserved for the destruction of the Technoc-
racy, who brought their treasured Mythic Age to a premature end.
Persistent and patient, these masters of Force magicks, occupying
the Seat of Forces, are content to manipulate politics, finance and

for now. But when the stars are right...

Sons of Ether

The Sons of Ether are a wacky and diverse lot. Equally

education

comfortable with cigar and brandy or aviator goggles, lab coats and
particle rays, they are one part Buck Rogers, another part Proper
Victorian, and a third part Mad Scientist. As many Technocrats
could confirm, this is a volatile mix.

To understand the Sons of Ether (if that is indeed possible),
one must grasp three basic tenets. First, they believe that True
Science is Art, an expression of the human spirit. Every machine
should reflect the unique inner vision of its creator. Inspiration is
beauty, even if the final product appears quirky to others, and since
this Science is personal, no theory can be proven "wrong." Second,
the role of Science is to bring peace to the world (4 la Captain
Nemo) and Awaken humanity. Finally, the unseen, ever-present
"fifth essence," Ether, must become a prominent part of any theory,
experiment or device — if for no other reason than it exists.
After defecting from the Technocracy to the Traditions, the
cant Seat of Matter.

ons of Ether accepted the long

cereus

Mage: The Ascension

Verbena

"Verbena" is the Latin name for vervain, an herb with
manifold properties, both real and imagined. Through the ages, it
has been held as a miracle plant. Romans used it to consecrate
temples; herbalists included it in love potions; superstitious peas-
ants believed it warded against witches. Ingesting this herb causes
nausea. Each of these aspects make "Verbena" 2
name for the Tradition that occupies the Seat of Life.

appropriate

Verbena are fate-weavers and rune-cutters, shapechangers
and bewitchers, herbalists and midwives dedicated to learning the
secrets of healing and life, pain and death. To them, Life is the

most potent force in existence. The growing ash can crack moun-

tains. The living cauldron, the womb, is a constant source of
generation, unequaled since original Creation. Thus each body is
asacred shrine; the substance and power of body — blood, sap and
other life-giving fluids — serve as sacraments. Life, therefore, is

their specialty and their chosen seat in Council.

Virtual Adepts

Virtual Adepts invented "morphing," cyberpunk and inter-

active video, and perfected the computer as a means for people to
reach beyond a hopeless world, Champions of the Fifth Amend-

ment, these hackers liberate the most sensitive information and
post it on public BBSs. Virtual Adepts, it is said, were responsible
ked the FBI toward an anony-

for a practical joke which sidet
mousroleplaying publisher in Texas, instead of their own subversive
front company

The Virtual Adepts discovered and refined the Digital Web
(or Net). This alternate reality, they believe, will become
humanity's new home. Having heard about their explorations of
the Net, the Council offered the Seat of Correspondence to the
Virtual Adepts. These

Technocrats gladly accepted.


Past (and Future?) Traditions

© AhLi-Batin: The "lost" AhLi-Batin (singular Batini) trace
their origin to a union of two renegade off-shoots: Akashic refuges
ofthe Himalayan Wars and Ecstatic dervishes fleeing persecution.
They met in Afghanistan, merged and formed a most mysterious
magickal Tradition.

From théir beginnings, the Batini were always cunning, secre-
tiveandadeptat workingwithin Sleepersociety. Indeed, Ahl-i-Batin
means "The Subtle Ones." They feared many enemies, and so
maintained adistanée from other mages. Atthesame time, they were
ever concerned with unifying various mystick fellowships into one,
for Batini philosophy waseoncerned withhow the Onefits into the
Many. Accordingt their Doctrine of Unityyeach view ofAscension
ismerely a separate facet of asingle jewel. Thishelps explain why the
Batini Tradition — itself consisting of many disparate groups —
worked so passionately to help form the Council of Nine.

The Ahl-i-Batin are best remembered for three feats. It was
they who created (ordiscovered) Motint Qaf, that wondrous Realm
which focused their Web of Faith — a'mandala-like pattern of
Nodes — across North Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia.
They influenced this vast region by means of a telepathic intercom-
munication network, which was instrumental for the establishment
of the Council of Nine. Before leaving the Council, they occupied
the Seat of Correspondence (now held by the Virtual Adepts).

The Tradition has since vanished, and is generally believed to
have disbanded or been destroyed after the Technocracy entered
the Middle East to secure the oil fields. Mount Qaf has been lost for
almost a century. However, odd rumors now drift across the Batini
homelands, whispering of strange towersandreclusive shi'ir($ORcet-
ers) who appear and disappear with the desert storms. Pethaps the

Batini merely hide and watch, waiting for their chance to strike.

The Ties That Bind

The Council is not a unified pillar of strength. Rather, it

consists of nine separate columns upholding
vault of wisdom. Though the i
column, there are many sh:
universal Ascension

an intersecting fan
tracery varies from column to
ared elements, such as the benefit of
and the worth of humanity,
Mutual support has allowed the Council to surviv
millennium of disputes, betrayal, set backs purses unten
tion. Although their Arts span the spectrum
sve, each Tradition recognises the rue naire of what they do
e lechnomancers a j j
that scence is just another form freee ne menaand
* Ascension ;

purges and persecu-
of possible magickal

The Traditions believe in an i
be exemplars of their philosophy. If those vali
eepers will eventually realize it, No mage
the right to impose a paradigm on humanis
When humanit

fages should

re true, the

says the Council,

y.

y has perfected itself, reality wi

: reality will advance

the next — though perhaps not the final —stage.
* Sleepers ,
The Traditions share

Everyone has a right to

enlightenment.

as

a general compassion for Sleepers.
personal fulfillment. Alll cultures deserve

the well-being of people whos
paradigm and makes magick
makes a mage's struggle so heroic.

they hold m;
more fre
poe a symbol of the Council's unity. (See the
about Horizon and other Tradition Chantri

© The Solificati: The Solificati (singular Solificato), the self-
titled "Crawined Ones," no longer exist. Their Tradition faltered in
the wake of the Great Betrayal and collapsed under its own infight-
ing. Few were sorry to see them go:

Unlike the Ahl-i-Batin, this Tradition had few allies outside the
Hermetic Houses. Composed of magickal alchemists and artificers,
these ancient Technomancers sided with the Council largely out of
loyalty to the Hermetics and distrust of the Craftmasons, Infamous for
their secrecy and haughtiness, the Solificati drew their membership
almost exclusively from Europe's bluest blood and Arabia's brightest
royalty. When they parted ways with the mysticks, many took their
secrets to the Artificers and Hippocratic Circle (now called Iteration
X and the Progenitors), or departed for private practice.

Rumorhas it that thé Solificati still survive asaCraft called the
Children of Knowledge, in an Umbral Citadel. The truth remains
unknown.

# Hollow Ones: This modern "street Tradition" has never been
formally invited to join the Council. Indeed, many older mages look
with horfor on these Gothic Orphans and shoo them on their way. Yet
many progressive Tradition sofcererssee these survivorsasan asset the
Council could dearly use. Thestime, however, has not yet come.

More Goth than punk, Hollow Ones are not predators buta
species perfectly adapted to survive and prosper in a desperate urban
environment. Most seem to ‘have little interest in Ascension;
judging from the sad state of the present, they feel it's futile to hope
for the future. Instead, they find beauty in the danse macabre. This
datk sensibility draws them to the occult and urges them to seek out
other denizens of the hidden world. Despair and cynical humor
shape the "hollow" in the Hollow Ones.

Several envoys havé gone to Horizon in recent years; all have
been rebuffed. The winds of change blow strongly now, and the
Hollow Ones long to belong, much as they deny it. Someday,
perhaps soon, the @étincil will take them up on their offer.

Ironically, Tra
ically, Tradition mages have charged themselves with

skepticism reinforces the scientific
so difficult. This is a part of what

* Horizon Chantry

The Cor a ing Cl
uncil sharesa meeting Chantry called Horizon, where

ajor meetings every
Jor meetings every nine years and informal gathe:

ring:
‘quently. Horizon isa rallying point for all Tradition n =A

nages
Appendix for more
ies.)

Tribunals

P Tribunals are gatherings where

iscuss s ers.

ae erloue matters. Such Tribunals might concern a Master's
ition's) defection, a sudden thrust by the Technocracy, a

renegade Umbrood or the jud,
recede Unbra judgment of a mage who has seriously

Tradition mages meet to

Any ma :
samy MABE can attempe to call a Tribunal; whether the
unmoningistaken eiouly depends on herst
ot her cla v1 i
of her claim. Matters which interest a single Tradition ae usally
discused at an Ancestral Chantry. Iner-Traiton confit o
Concersare convened at mutually accesible locations pethap
even at Horizon. Those who call the Tribunal bring it to orden
fet Masters conduct the meeting. ,

‘atusand the import

Chapter Three: Mage Society 45

NO Ail

Should a Tribunal be called on to pass sentence on a mage,
they may select one of several punishments

This mild punishment puts a mage on "parole" for an indefi-
nite period. He must follow the Tribunal's restrictions on travel,
association with people or use of magick. The Tribunal may
require some service to be completed before the Censure is lifted.

* Branding

With this punishment, the offender's Avatar is marked by
Spirit magick. Each unique sigil marks him as an offender of a
specific Protocol. The brand can be detected by simple Spirit
magick or a mage's Awareness. Branding is often used in conjunc
tion with another punishment, such as Ostracism.

IWAN

Ei
Protocols

The Protocols are '
mages are expected to foll lo
re taken very serious

neient customs which § radition
ich al
toms
w. Some are common © rtesy, while
ers y se who break Protocol are
hos » breal sien ‘
rst rebuked, then punished various ways: This depends on ths
i ok en punished in various Way" a
: he power and stat s of th nder:
nd the P

, vadgens scar group.
mood Le joe eh within the offender's P
Lesser offenses @

8 ses ribunal. J

; offenses result in a : Fs ‘

More serious en ; i

Protocols and emetic punishments at
he Protocols

"ach,
i od differently by ac!
listed below. Since Protocols are inl red d
isted below. = niet
raditi anishment cou! z
oe those of Greater Knowledge
« Re: $
i sense:
‘This is common se %
© A Tutor's debt must be repaid.

rmetic College after each

Colleges ;

| é entare subject tosuspens n frome
a

«a string of ins
ages to leave as
dent manages

the is Branded. The offender will never

appropriate Hi
terpre

emester. Stu-
ses until
ritutions

expect tuition

dents who miss pay
they dopa. tbe stulent
inthe arch ant ng omany Tradition MABE
' ei as
Word is his Hono break not #5
/ shment. a
Censure isthe mosteommon Puna

cuconfiel be Branded.
ing y be a ;
history of lying may ae
tong hire ill of an Oracle must aways PECIT  y,

: 4 i racles st.
elieve that : ;
ges even believe exit How
modern mages *Y"" -xtsadvocate Censurefordis'oy",
ancient loge paradox Did Oracles onceex AS

til enough to
peakd not a miffed Oracle be pores
i shou! a, cu
And if 0; oem sentence, depending on ™!

a al or Chantry:
during the Ascension War,
ent Ostracism.

ies of Ascension.

: n Vows
again receive t ie

et ge with a

Few ‘
ever, the Order's leg

execute hi
« Betray
ffense
A serious of mies
rants Branding and/or perman'
apa Sioa Technocracy, Marauders
Those caught conspiring with the ore a
ae etation) are rand-
ang ension" is @
enemies (open to! aesanry aee
eed ee nanent Ostracism. If the oe Ns alot cae
as ae Je punishment is increased £9 tl
Nephandus, th ae
jeepers; they Sate
- a Those who endanger Sleepe
This, too, is © 5
frowned upon by most mages.
« Be subtle in your Arts,

Called the "Rule of S| ade," this informal Protocol was meant
" this i otocol was

: | f Shade," this infor ines

: ¢ magi fr ve witch-huintets and zealots. While « ee

ee nishment, flashy mages are Jangerous to asso-

2 hy mages are dang -

. flashy magi k ° :

i ae on, and Branding is not unheard of
common,

Aad te betrayal war-

G
Jest Sleepers know you for wha

to protect

carries nO pant
ciate with. Ostracism Is

© Ostracism

Banishment can range from a month to life, during which
time no other mage may associate with him. Those who do risk
Censure or worse.

* Death

The death sentence is applied when a mage has committed
serious crimes, like betrayal ot Infernalism (traffic with demons),
though his Avatar is innocent. Released from its mortal coil, the
Avatar can reincarnate into a more honorable mage. This punish-
ment is common among the Euthanatos.

* Gilgul

Gilgul is reserved for mages so evil that even their Avatars
have been corrupted, or, more rarely, for hapless mortals born with
the recycled Avatars of Nephandi

An assembly of Masters rip out and destroy the Avatar. The
mage is unharmed, but left a powerless husk; he will never again
work magick. This is a horrible fate, considered worse than death
by some, Deeply diminished, most mages lose the will to live, yet
jack the volition to end their existence.

Certamen

Certamen is a means of solving disputes too minor for a
Tribunal. Often, it is a matter of personal honor or simple rivalry
Rulesand formality ensure that this magickal duel presents no risk
to Sleepers or to the mages themselves.

The duel begins when one mage challenges another. The
challenged is under no obligation to accept, but risks losing honor
(and with no risk of injury, he has little r

on to decline). Since
certémen is highly vulgar, the duelists must meet at a special
certémen circle (available at most Chantries) or tempt Paradox.
A Certémen Marshall presides to ensure the safety and honor of
both parties
The rules and formalities are extremely elaborate. Simply
put, each mage manifests one Sphere he commands to form a
magickal Gladius (sword), and another, an Aegis (shield). They
then place all of their personal Quintessence in a Locus (magickal
reservoir). The goal is for each mage to strike the opponent's
Locus (thus draining Quintessence) while protecting her own.
One wins by emptying the opponent's Locus. The winner keeps
the Quintessence and can demand satisfaction, which usually
has been determined beforehand. The stakes can range from
apology or payment to service or exile

A variety of other duels exist, from physical combat to
shapeshifting contests, riddle games, intellectual challenges
and flat-out magickal brawls. No other option, however, is
readily accepted throughout the Council.

Ranks and Titles

Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown

— William Shakespeare, King Henry IV, Part I]

The Traditions have titles which rate a mage's relative
enlightenment and affinity with a chosen Sphere. Titles
may be granted for exceptional deeds, feats of magick, age or
even whim. A mage who cannot support a title, however,
soon loses it.

Aa SS ST te


Sphere aptitude is the most common way of measuring titles
in the modern Traditions. A mystick new to magick is often
considered an apprentice, even ifshe receives no instruction at this
time. When she demonstrates fair control over a Sphere, she may
be elevated to Disciple. The title Adept comes with greater com-
mand; the coveted Master rank is only formally granted when she
attains the highest common mastery of her Art. For game pur-
poses, these reflect Sphere ranks of one-two (apprentice), three
(Disciple), four (Adept), and five (Master). An old mage might be
Master of several Spheres. Note that such advancement recog-
es power over understanding. Some claim this hierarchy
encourages hubris; a mage who races to mastera Sphere most likely
desires power over understanding

niz

These terms were chosen back in 1466 to be generic titles of
address. Only the Order of Hermes and Celestial Chorus are
remotely happy with them. Other Traditions use their own terms;
the Sons of E

her, for instance, use Student, Scientist, Professor,
Doctor and Master Scientist. Several Traditions (Dreamspeakers,
Verbena and Virtual Adepts, for example) bestow no such ranks
or use more appropriate honorifics.

The Oracles

The powers, goals and even the existence of these godlike
beings are subject to dispute. Some claim that a mage-turned-
Oracle Ascends to a higher plane of existence; others claim that
Oracles exist only in myths. Strange beings that rule Otherworldly
realms claim to be Oracles, but could just as easily be powerful
mages, gods, spirits or aliens.

These nagging doubts aside, the consensus holds that Oracles
do exist. Most mages who have Mastered a Sphere leave Earth to
One must find them first (a task
in itself), then gain acceptance by serving as Postulant for a
probationary period. Rejected mages supposedly have their Ava-
tars marked. This assertion is difficult to prove, since no failures
have been identified. Perhaps true enlightenment, once glimpsed
but known to be unattainable, is enough to sap the will from a
rejected Postulant. Those who are accepted become Oracles.

pursue a place among the Oracles

Rumors suggest that one Oracle must Ascend or die before another
is allowed into the ranks.

Itis commonly believed that Oracles dwell in distant regions
of Earth's Umbra. There are said to be but nine orders of Oracle,
one for each Sphere. Marauders, Technomancers and Tradition
mages presumably cast aside their petty bickering at this level as
they recognize the profound truth about Ascension. At least, this
is what optimistic Utopians believe.

Oracles must be powerful beyond imagining. If they exist,
they rarely appear in person and would probably not be recognized
for what they are. Yet a common and recurring urban myth tells of
a mysterious stranger who appears leaning against a street lamp
and offers aid to a desperate mage. He never identifies himself as
an Oracle, but the help he provides is clearly beyond all known
magick (time travel is a typical element). Caveat auditor.


The Technocratic Onion

If sex is the last subversive act, technology is the only faith
remaining after politics and religion have betrayed us

— Steve Erickson, "Sex 1999,"

Details Magazine

The modern age belongs to the Technocracy, a looming
menace of monolithic proportions. As architects of the modern
paradigm, they have the most at stake when any other faction
tampers with reality. Thus, they crack down hard on revolution-
aries and deviants.

It was not always this way

The Call to Order

The striking thing about the 12th century is the attitudes of its
scientists... daring, original, inventive, skeptical of traditional authori
ties... determined to discover purely rational explanations of natural
phenomena

— Richard Dales, Scientific Achievement

Each Convention of the Technocracy traces its individual
origin to a specific point in history. Though the Conventions
themselves did not exist for millennia to come, Iteration X claims
tohave been responsible for taming fire and creating the first stone
tools between two million and one million years ago. Early
Progenitors introduced domestication to the Masses around 6000
B.C. With gift economies and trade (about 3000 B.C.) appeared
forerunners of the Syndicate. From as early as 2500 B.C., Void
Engineers were using astronomy and the wheel to seek out strange
new places. The New World Order has been variably dated to the
Imperial Legalists of Sth-century China, the Knights Templar,
Inquisitors from around A.D. 1200 or the court of Queen Victoria
(this is due to the Convention's penchant for misinformation).

But the history of the Technocracy as a whole really begins
with the Convention of the White Tower, in March of 1325
Philosopher-scientists of all types gathered at a tower seized from
a dying mystick to discuss what they saw as a desperate situation.
The decline of classical culture in Europe had been a powerful
blow to the forces of enlightened reason. Lost were Greek science,
Roman architecture and urban life. In Asia and the Middle East,
philosophers played second fiddle to magicians and wizard-kings
while the common people starved. The forces of reason had had
enough.

The Mythic Age was great... forthe Awakened. Humanity in
general was helpless before the supernatural, and the dominant
mysticks failed in their responsibility. Wizards quested after
magickal arts while forgetting their oaths to the common man.
Priests strove to comprehend a distant God but could not hear
their neighbors' cries.

The philosopher-scientists agreed to champion the Masses.
In working toward this goal, they established the Order of Reason.
The initial founders included Artificers, explorer-astronomers
called Void Seekers, the doctors of the Hippocratic Circle, Guild

members, and Inquisitors from the Cabal of Pure Thought. (Ironi

cally, those responsible for organizing the Convocation, the

Craftmasons, have all but disappeared from the record.)


To defend humanity from supernatural threats, the Order of
Reason implemented a threefold agenda. First, they infiltrated the
schools, courts, guildhalls, monasteries and throne rooms with
philosophers and scribes who discredited the mysticks and the
denizens of the hidden world. Meanwhile, powerful Artificers and
Inquisitors declared war on those denizens, hunting down vam-
pires, faeries, ghosts, rogue mages and other threats and
strengthening the Gauntlet. Finally, they gave humanity the
ability to protect itself with the repeatable magick of science and
universal talismans in the form of technology.

Within a few hundred years, the Order made great gains,
especially in Europe. The Guild acquired dominance over Euro-
pean trade, craft and' banking, as exemplified by the Medici
family's rising fortune during the 15th century. Once the Gutenberg
printing press hadybeen introduced in 1438, the Cabal of Pure
Thought quickly/undermined the Church by distributing ver-
nacular Bibles. The new abundance of books also gave the Masses
instant knowlédge in the guise of wisdom, knowledge whielvoften
suited the Qrder's needs. Artificers applied mathematics, toyper-
spective drawing, changing painting, sculpture and architecture
by emphasizing proportion and symmetry. Under the healing.
hands of the Hippocratic Circle, Renaissance medicine disproved
spontaneous generation with the. discovery of sperm cells, in
semen. Meanwhile, the Artificers presented the universe as)a
perfect and efficient machine (as in, Kepler's Harmony of the
World), and invented firearms, industrial machinery, new instru-
ments and tools. Finally, the Void Seekers inspired curiosity in
such explorers as Vasco da Gama and Christopher Columbus: By
any means they chose, they spread their version of order and
reason across the globe.

This early work helped the Masses. The Gauntlet thickened
in the wake of common rationality (and potent technomagick).
The lines between what was and was not possible narrowed.
Supernatural beings retreated from earth or became more cautious
in their dealings with mortals. Humanity embraced science and
technology. These accomplishments, in and of themselves, were
good things, and the Order prospered.

Co
pmen Technocracy Te.
istrator: A high-rank ecl
Associate/Sympathizer:
BioMechanic: Life-tec
Collective: 4 Chantry,
"Salas ie artificially created or enhan
Honal Science: Spirit-te,
erat ee tech, the classified Att of,
Influence: An area of t

‘echnomagick: is
os ‘ gickal expertise,
ircle: The Union's top ruling ad 3

Masses, The: Sleepers,
Methodology A Convention
‘a A specialist in dirty
: lement: Quintessence.
n Element:

oe ther source
‘¢ who works,
Triumvirate: A Cong :
3 ts

Union: Short for ee

al focus,

An un-Awakened ally,
5 Cybernetic magi
usually off-world,

Subsection which
¥ work; a soldi

ier mage,

of Quintessence.
Awakened or not, }
: tuling council,

‘Technocratic Union," i.e., the

Techt

rminology

icks. Also the Treration X Meth,

ced life form; also, a Chantry,

certain Technomai

handles a specific concern wi

A supernatural Creature, or

in a research pala.

But somewhere down the line, the Order of Reason lost sight of
their goals. Invention and structure became ends in and of them-
selves. During the Industrial Revolution, Artificers introduced
factories and the modern work ethic to churn out innovation upon
innovation, without thought for their effects upon the Masses. The
Guild encouraged mass production, laissez-faire economics and colo-
nialism. The Cabal of Pure Thought stopped revealing truths to the
Masses, and began restructuring their perception of history through
archaeology and geology. The Hippocratic Circle lost interest in
healinghumansand considered how they could be improved through
accelerated evolution. The Void Seekers remained true to their goal
Of exploration; the native culties they ehicountered, however, were
brutally enslaved, assimilated or destroyed.

During the mid-1800s, two new Conventions appeared. The
Electrodyne Engineers were "mad scientists" who favored cast-off
theories and Utopian ideals. Difference Engineers devoted them-
selves to exploring Babbage's crude computational device and,
later, the réléphone HetWor GFYA lexandémGraham Bell. Both
groups, though radical and rebellious, were stillnominally part of
the Order of Reason.

Around the turn of the 20th century, the Order of Reason
modernized (under the supposed guidance of Queen Victoria),
becoming the Technocratic Union, or Technocracy. All remaining
feligious elements were jettisoned in favor of hard reason, and the
Conventions were renamed to keep with current trends. The Cabal
of Pure Thought became the New World Order and refocused on
North America and Western Europe. With the Artificers' creation
of an Al computer that gained sentience at the "X" iteration of a
sentience-expanding algorithm, they became Iteration X. The
Hippocratic Circle intended to be the Progenitors of a new race of
humans. The Guild became an international Syndicate. The Void
Seekers brokeithe barriers of Barth's orbit; as Void Engineers, they
could impose order on everything beyond the Barrier.

‘Wirh a change in name, the Conventions' transformation
from championsto oppressors of humanity was complete. Uncom-
fortable with this, the Electrodyne Engineers defected to the
Council of Nine in 1904, becoming the Sons of Ether. The
Difference Engineers, who followed in 1961, soon became the
Virtual Adepts.

1odology which handles such activiti
ivie

either within or outside
incers, as


50

Mage: The Ascension

Most of the Technocracy's innovations during the 20th
century were developed for questionable purposes — to oppress
the Masses through a forced reliance on technology, to conceal
the mystickal behind the deceptive truth of science, and to destroy
opposition in the most efficient way possible

The New World Order now uses mass media to spread propa-
ganda and information technology to monitor the Masses. Those
who participate in the Human Genome Project unwittingly aid the
Progenitors' evolutionary plans. The prosthetics, robotics and com-
puters of Iteration X are intended to all but replace humans. The
Syndicate grows rich and powerful with capitalism, free trade, vice
trade and controlled recessions. Alll the while, the Void Engineers
defend the Earth from outside intrusion, mapping the mysteries
from existen

e — or so they believe.

A Review of the
Conventions

The Technocracy is made up of a close alliance of several
Conventions (the name comes from the convention which founded
the Union). Each specializes in a single field of technomagickal
science, and has advanced 25 to 50 years ahead of mundane
capability.

Conventions are further divided into Methodologies, sub-
groups with particular duties and methods.

Iteration X

Iteration X believes that a merger of Life and Matter, machine
and soul, is the next step in human evolution. Their BioMechanics

develop various cybernetic limbs, organs and digital implants to
augment their agents. To reduce reality toa string of mathematical
formulae which can be manipulated and replicated, statisticians
constantly gather data and compute probability. Finally, Time-
Motion Managers control manufacturing and industry. They
currently vie with Virtual Adepts over the control of computer

technology. To make the mostefficient use of energy, Iterators have
mastered the Sphere of Forces. This gives them a slight edge in the
Digital Web and makes them deadly fo

Yet Iterators are rarely seen. They prefer to interact with
other factions through automated servants. The HyperlntTech
Mark V, or "HIT Mark," is the latest in a line of anthropomorphic
automatons. This particular Mark consists of organic flesh over a
mechanical skeleton with a computer database that augments the
encased human brain. HIT Marks appear human until they have
identified their target — then all hell breaks loose. Other versions

resemble canines, bulls, predatory cats and, in one freakish model,
saber-toothed tigers. HIT Marks are programmed to seek out and
destroy the Technocracy's enemies. This Convention is ruthlessly
efficient.

If Iterators had faith, they would place it in Autocthonia, an
Umbral "machine-realm" constructed within a Pattern Realm. Its
orderly construction and rigid schedule epitomize the pattern and
perfection which Iteration X plans to impose on Earth. Deep within
its core, an artificial intelligence directs the Convention by remote
control. This is supposedly the computer which achieved sentience
at the Xth iteration of a sentience-expanding algorithm. Iteration
X is unwilling to reveal the exact number of that sum — perhaps it
thinks this would be like revealing a "true name." More likely, it
does not want anyone to duplicate the results.


The New World Order

As administrative coordinators of the Technocracy, the New

World Order concerns itself with all aspects of technology. Their
ive,

agents, however, have discovered their own special niche: in
information-based technology such as television, radio, V'
film, security cameras, photography and most recently computer
BBSs. Methods of manufacture they leave to Iteration X; they
want to use the medium as a message.

The New World Order is depa
odologies. The Ivory Tower educates Technocrats, investi
potential scientific theories, devises propaganda for the Masses,
and approves of any innovation before it is introduced into the
current paradigm. The Watchers monitor and manipulate people
through mass media, acting as envoys and spies to other groups
Their Operatives are known as Men in Black, dark-suited men
(often mistaken for federal agents) trained for investigation,
intimidation, subversion and combat. Those forced into their
black Cadillacs rarely return the same person. Other types of
Men in Black reportedly exist; these specialize in assassination,

d intelligence analysis.

infiltration a
As experts in surveillance, interrogation and bi

ing, the New World Order understands Mind influence quite
well. This aptitude — along with their tendency to place
Skinner Box, to be manipulated at

nwash:

humanity in a conceptual
will — has earned them the nickname "Big Brother."

selves and others.

oT OK

The Prece

According
Technocracy h,
of Damian

Pts of Damian
to the Sons of Eth

a itso
ater the nn Code of Conduct,

Convention adds its
The following print.
Council of Nine by R
they defectedin 1961, Th
the Precepts of Damian,

Article 1: 8, ;
ability brings safer 8 and order
Bs safer fo the uni
Ascension calle Once all is discovered ide ig
all be won, is
Article a

"onvince the Mg

: ‘asses of the
= ¢ and polities, and of th as
and suffering will be elim; feast

* Preserve

ity of our world

d. Une
suchas the Ne gi?

Phandi access

Article 4: De
must be abso gone the
of the

‘appen,

a0s will envel - Knowledge

Bes ops Ige

mete St not be lef tothe ennai elemental forces
c

Article 5: Des 4 aDtices of the unknown,

; troy realit
€5 our security and Ydeviants, Theirrecklessnece)
ssness threat.

Article 6: S| herd ¢] rotect ¢] Tom them-
© 6: Shepherd the Masses; protec ica
<i h

=

Progenitors

This Convention's g
genetic engineering. Essentially, they force evolution upon a path

is to perfect the human body through

of "improvement" by condensing hundreds of thousands of years
of random mutation into generations of careful breeding.

Progenitors are primarily interested in Life procedures. Their
FACADE Engineers create patchwork creatures on demand and
clones of friend and enemy alike (the latter become almost
undetectable spies); their results are immediate but rarely lasting.
The Genegineers have greater forethought; they seek to unravel
the mystery of genes so that successive generations of humanity
will improve "naturally." Finally, the Pharmacopeists study the
interaction between artificially induced chemicals and the bio-
chemical make-up of a living body.

As the ultimate advocates of Darwinist theory, Progenitors
believe in survival of the fittest, both within their Convention and
in the natural world. They a y hunt enemies for kidnap-

ping and replacement by identical clones. Invasion of the Body
Snatchers and "Red Scare" films of the 1950s simulate the paranoia
this Convention engenders.

Though many Progenitors are careful with the power they
wield, others perform wild "experiments" or even set themselves
up to be overseers of Horizon plantations. Though considered
dangerous by their fellow Conventions, the Progenitors are seen
as valued allies — and insidious enemies — by their comrades.

52 Mage: The Ascension

ee eee

The Syndicate

The Syndicate handles funds within the Technocracy. More
significantly, they distribute technology and the misinformation
of the New World Order among the Masses while capitalizing on
the vices adopted by moder people to escape their drab existence.
Their Financiers monitor the world's stock markets and advise
multinational corporations, moving the world in the direction of
becoming a cashless society that would be under their direct
control

Many of this Conventions' dealings are a mystery even to
their fellows. The activities of the Enforcers, who tap into orga
nized crime, the Media Control (the true "media elite"), and the
so-called "Pawnbrokers," who deal in world trade, are well known,
even among Sleepers. The Special Projects Division, however, is
a mystery, and Disbursements remains a thorn in the side of every
Technomancer who needs a research grant. By controlling the
money, this Convention makes even the Union dance to their
tune — much to the other groups' dismay

Though they lack Iteration X's firepower and the NWO's
finesse, Syndicate "Hollow Men" use blackmail, financial sabotage
and violence directed through the crime cartels and gangs they

command to make life difficult for the Convention's enemies. Such
measuresare rarely necessary, for mages with their financial clout —
everyone has their price. Through money and material objects, this
Convention pulls the heartstrings of popular culture: commercial
art, mainstream literature and advertising. The New World Order
may control the Masses' minds, but the Syndicate saps their spirit


Void Engineers

The diverse Methodologies of the Void Engineers dedicate
themselves to the exploration — and exploitation — of all
remaining frontiers. From the Deep Umbra to the depths of the
sea, this adventurous Convention handles its tasks with a gu
that is rarely seen among Technocrats.

to

Each Methodology goes by an abbreviation; the Pan-Dimen-
sional Corps (PDC) split their turf between the Umbra-delving
astronauts and the VR cybernauts. Both groups compete with the
Sons of Ether and the Virtual Adepts in "Great Races" conducted
with more sportsmanship than hatred. Showdowns between these
groups are like affairs of honor; little blood is shed unless outside
parties become involved.

No such spirit infects the Boarder Corps Division (BCD), the
paramilitary experts who defend the Horizon from "alien" inva-
sions. These space Marines sanitize Nodes as well, riding the Qui La
Machina and laying waste to anyone they find on the wrong side
of the Gauntlet. Their earthly counterparts, the Neutralization
Specialist Corps (NSC), clean up "hauntings" and "alien touch-
downs" with cold perfection. Research and Execution (R&E)
control the fine points of Spirit-tech, manufacturing Devices and
sending them through into the Otherworlds, and the Earth Frontier
Division (EFD) maps out the last unexplored areas on Earth.

Other Conventions see the Void Engineers as reckless and
brash. Their hasty moon-landing evoked a (some say faerie-
inspired) wonder of space; now many people wish they could leave
Earth behind, Such a dispersal of humanity would complicate the
Union's control, and will be delayed for as long as possible. Yet the
dream has already grown too large to be uprooted. While other
Conventions consider the Void Engineers an anomaly th
quires monitoring, Tradition mages view them as the least evil
among the Technocracy.

re-

Goals and Tactics

We... do hereby resolve that Humanity will not be menaced by
madmen and beasts, that the World must be a place of Order and Reason

— Declaration of the Ivory Tower, 1325

For the Technocracy, Ascension will be complete when they
achieve two goals. First, they must have absolute control of reality.
Only when the universe runs with clockwork precision can human-
ity truly understand its place within it. Second, they should promote
equality, to the lowest common denominator if need be. When all
are equal in misery or comfort, when all are identical in appearance
and ideology, only then can harmony be achieved.

Technocrats want to guide the Masses toward something
greater, whether humanity knows it or not — whether humanity
wants it or not. What Technocrats ignore is that their warped form
of communism (like that of the Soviet Union) still requires elites
to impose the supposed equality. To achieve its ends, the Tech-
nocracy attempts to indoctrinate the Masses to their vision of
reality while eliminating anything which fails to conform.

© Swaying the Masses

The Technocracy first introduced science as a form of magick
that was usable by the Masses. Tools and fire were talismans for the
everyman. The emphasis on the material world was intended to
protect humanity from hostile supernatural beings.

These original ideals were lost upon the wayside. Science and
technology have become ends in and of themselves. The Technoc-
racy now promotes materialism: possessions can be easily quantified

IN

and thus divided equally among humanity. This is a sort of lazy,
default equality. Where the Masses once used technology to im-
prove theirlives, they now rely upon machinesrather than themselves.

The Technocracy is not completely at fault for this sad
addiction. Humanity — a race existing mostly in the material
world — easily forgets about the spirit world, where only their
souls reside. They simply require a convenient excuse. Ironically,
it may have been the collective will of the Masses that sidetracked
the Technocracy.

Whether or not this is true, the Technocracy now dominates
reality. They have become heady with power, and employ many
means — such as mass media indoctrination and monitors — to
ensure that the Masses continue to accept their paradigm. Should
this fail, they implement the next proc

* Slaying the Monsters

Those who oppose the current paradigm become subject to
the Pogrom. This systematic repression and purge is aimed mostly
at Tradition mages, since Marauders are rare on Earth and the
Nephandi are supposedly banished, but also applies to any other

supernatural creature encountered. In reality, certain "latitude" is
permitted when circumstances warrant. Even the Inner Circle

recognizes when rigid dogma stands in the way of an effective
solution. In general, however, the agents of the Technoc!
Union stand firm: a safe reality is worth any price.

Hierarchy and Control

And so, by this simple scientific expedient (tilizing a scientific
process held dearly secret by the Ticktockman's office) the System was
maintained. It was the only expedient thing to do. It was, after all,
patriotic. The schedules had to be met. After all, there was a war on!

But, wasn't there always?

— Harlan Ellison, "Repent, Harlequin!' Said the
Ticktockman"

The Technocracy is a vast but shadowy entity. Most mages
encounter only one of its many far-reaching tentacles. As far as
anyone can tell, the hierarchy is as follows:

The Inner Circle forms the capstone of a pyramidal hierarchy.
Noone hasever identified this group, soeven Technocratsspeculate
about its membership. Presumably, it consists of one or more

representatives from each Convention. This group dictates the will
whole. Only they have the complete Time

of the Technocracy a
Table (the Technocracy's schedule for Ascension) before them, and
only they can envision the final results of victory.

These leaders communicate their desire by setting the agenda
for Symposiums, monthly meetings where nothing less than the
future of reality is decided. Here greater Technocrats — such
Progenitor Administrators and the Comptrollers of Autocthonia

— formulate the most efficient means of accomplishing their set
agenda. Such unity helps strengthen the current paradigm.

Rumor has it that another council takes its cues from the
Inner circle as well —a cabal that decides policy for world leaders.
Though there has never been any proof of such a council's
existence, conspiracy theorists and Tradition spies seem to be
certain that one exists somewhere.

After each Symposium, directives are sent out to the leaders
of various Constructs. These Constructs are responsible
menting specific aspects of the agenda. They may be u

only concern is to obey.

Chapter Three: Mage Society

NY


7

IWS

NG Ail

It is at this lowest level that the other factions most often
encounter Technocrats. Since even the smallest intrusion can
interfere with the Union's clockwork efficiency, rival mages may
throw off the Time Table by their actions. The Inner Circle soon

learns of this. Contingency plans deal with minor disruptions
Major disrupters often find themselves on the agenda for next
month's Symposium.

The Nephandi

Wee spoke their names
At dark sun's hour
The alter of blood
The shadow of power
Absolute depravity.
Under landscapes of the moon
A tide of blood come soon
We say
Darkness and death

Liers in Wait, "Blood and Family"
The term Nephandi describes a faction of beings — mage and

we say we say

mundane, human and otherwise — who pursue the corruption of
the universe for its own sake. Some among the Fallen Ones were

born to follow such a Path; others once reached higher, but fell
from their lofty course

Those mysticks on the Path of Descent are a mysterious lot,
supposedly exiled, but obviously not banished. Those few who have
studied the Dark Ways with good intent (to glean their enemies

weaknesses, for instance) have themselves become corrupted be:

fore long. The most reputable source of lore remains the infamous
Malleus Neffandorum. This 6th-century text describes the various
ranks of Nephandi in elaborate (and thus misleading) detail.

Atop the heap of corruption crouch the Nephandi Lords.
Whether they are called demons, Wyrm-spawn or Things That
Should Not Be, they are entities of pure and unfathomable evil
Below them, the once-human Nephandi mysticks draw from two
pools: Widderslainte are Dark Orphans, born with poisoned Ava
tars and Awakened by the nightmares of their previous lives;
barabbi are renunciates from some other faction who have Fallen
during their Ascent. Below these Awakened officers, the ranks are
filled by cultists, fomori (once-human agents granted supernatural
powers but marked by physical and mental deformities) and even
more monstrous beings.

The Fallen Ones are not merely evil — they are corruption
incarnate. Dark tales speak of the Nephandic Rebirth, where a
willworker steps into the Caul and has her Avatar turned inside

out, warped or inverted. Such choice, it is said, is always deliber-
ate. Once Reborn, a mage becomes a living avatar of whatever
rve. Since all factions, even the Marauders,
openly hate an obvious Nephandus, the Dark Ones cloak their
actions in temptation, masquerade and betrayal.

forces the Fallen s

Apparently, the Nephandi have but two agendas. First, they
actively pervert and claim human souls (or Avatars). A mage's
Avatar, being more potent than any Sleeper's, is a great prize.
Nephandi are skilled at offering what one desires most, whether it
be material wealth, power or eternal life. The cost is trifling,
merely the soul. The Malleus Neffandorum explains that souls are
all that sustain the Nephandi Lords during their exile in the Outer
Darkness.

54

Mage: The Ascension

The Nephandis' second, related agenda is a quest to return
their Dark Lords to Earth. Theoretically, such an accomplishment
could earn a servant unthinkable rewards.

Whatever their motives, Nephandi provide a dark reflection
of their rivals. Where others would Ascend, they Descend. While
others set their sights on some view of Ascension, Nephandi gouge
out their own eyes. The Fallen seem content to pull down the work
of others rather than erect any structure of their own. They will be
satisfied only when nothing remains.

The Marauders

The freakiest show I know

Is the show of my own

Living my life in and out

Of the Twilight Zone

—Red Hot Chili Peppers, "Nobody Weird Like Me"

Change. Disorder. Individuality. Dynamic potential. These
are the ideals of the Chaos Mages, though the mysticks themselves
may never know it. The polar opposite of Technomancers, these
magickal psychopaths freely toss off consensual reality for their

own dynamic version.

Some say these bandits were once normal mages who fell into
bottomless Quiets or Orphans who snapped Awake too suddenly.
Others hold that they have united with their Avatars at the expense
of knowing humanity. Still others theorize that they are thralls of
the force of change. Finally, some believe that Marauders are
brilliant, hyperactive visionaries whose schemes rocket ahead of

their physical achievements. No one knows for sure.

The problem is one of communication. Most Marauders are
so caught up in their own madness that they speak in gibberish or
operate on some obtuse plane of thought. Even the more normal
ones are immune to healing through psychiatry or Mind magick
The secret of their origin is buried deep in the subconscious, if

remembered at all.
From studying Marauder activity, other factions think they'v
grasped the Mad Ones' goals. Some megalomaniacs seem intent on

acquiring as much power as possible, as if any one of them could

single-handedly dominate reality. Most such Marauders care little
for humanity, so for them Ascension must be a personal achieve-
mentorthe overwhelming wash of ll possibilities. Other Marauders
seem intent on creating a new "age of wonders." These "crusaders"
constantly assault the barriers between worlds and lead a menagerie

of supernatural beasts through any breach they create.

Like the Nephandi, the Mad Ones supposedly reside in the
Deep Umbra. Occasionally, they break through into the Horizon
and lay siege to any Realm they encounter. Many, it is thought,
somehow Awaken in the Umbra, but others burst out of their

al

mortal guise on Earth. Such "newborns" often burn out in magic!
pyrotechnics; the survivors seek the hidden places or rips in the

Tapestry and go to ground.

Because of their madness and their poor interpersonal skills,
one might consider these mages cosmic clowns. This is not at all
the case; any outside Marauder capable of breaching the Barrier

wields potent magick indeed. These mysticks are so innately
dynamic that they also warp reality by their very presence. Ran-
domness and accidents follow in the wake of lesser mages, while
the arrival of a Master can tear the Tapestry. Marauders seem

immune to Paradox; any backlash which occurs targets innocents
instead of the offender.

Some Marauders seem more eccentric than insane. Others
are grotesquely maniacal. Regardless of their apparent sanity or
decency, these dynamic sorcerers are frighteningly amoral and
utterly dangerous. For this reason, they have been banned from
Earth by the Technocracy. There in the Deep Umbra, the Mad
Mages lurk on the other side of the Gauntlet until a breach is
created. Technocrats remain ever-vigilant for Marauder intru-
sion, Guerrilla factions do break through from time to time, but

never seem to hang around for long.

The Outsiders

You're meddling with powers you can't possibly comprehend.

—Marcus Brody, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade

With the influence of the four great factions, it's easy to get the
impression that mage society dedicates itself entirely to the Ascen-
sion War. This is a common misconception. The search for
enlightenment, does not always entail stomping the hell out of
anyone in the way. Those who follow such a course simply outnum-
ber those who don't — or seem to, at least. Those who put up a fuss

are always more obvious than those who keep to themselves.

A number ofsmaller subcultures exist outside the mainstream
of mage society. Some consist of magickal societies with better
things to do than fight each other. Others are composed of
individuals who either serve the larger factions, battle them alone,
or walk away from the whole business to pursue their own agendas.

The following groups fit into all of the categories above.

Solitaries

Many mysticks are not team players. Solitary mages follow
their own Paths. Though they may work with some larger group for
a time, their destiny lies elsewhere.

¢ Errants

Survivors from cabals or Chantries lost to war or great tragedy
are often called Errants. Mostare bitter loners who seek vengeance
or death, They're shunned as much for their grim, single-minded
mission as for their hunted status. A rare few Errants — usually
those whose comrades fell ro excessive pride or power — wander
from place to place, trying to save others from a similar fate.

# Rogues

This label applies to mages who either walk away from the group
to which they once belonged or accept training from a faction they
later refuse to join. They walk the Path of the lone coyote, and are
considered almost as risky by the established powers.

Rogue mages do not benefit from the excuse of impassioned
blindness as Errants do, but intentionally close their eyes to Ascen-
sion politics. Where Errants fight to banish their own innerdemons,
these mysticks just want to be left alone. Some work as mercenaries,
siding with anyone who can match their price in money or Tass.
Some run between the shadows, surviving as they can. A few simply
go off into a comer and claim it as their own, or wander like
enlightened vagabonds, helpingsome, attacking others. Such mages
tend to live short, if interesting, lives.

© Orphans

Once, all mysticks came to their own awareness naturally. As
time went on and the factions grew, one side or the other usually
discovered budding willworkers before they became too powerful —
or dangerous. In recent years, however, many Sleepers have sponta-
neously Awakened. Lacking a mentor's guidance or the framework of
a magickal society, they've come to be called Orphans.

Grizzled veterans of the Ascension War consider them loose
cannons. Their lack of training and allegiance make them inher-
ently dangerous to themselves, to innocents and to all sides. Thus,
Orphans are often hunted or enslaved; such loners are easy pre
Ifan Orphan has great potential, most factions will risk converting
her. The gamble is one of loyalty; most self-Awakened prefer to
blaze their own slow but broad Path.

If modern Orphans lean toward any Tradition, it is the
Hollow Ones. Their casual philosophy of "live and let die" gives
Orphans the freedom to follow their own Path. At the same time,
their organization, however loose, provides a measure of protec-
tion from their hunters.

* Hermits

So-called hermits might be as social as any other person
around. All the same, they usually want to be left out of the
fighting, and avoid or destroy anyone who pushes them into a
corner. Marauders often wander around or set up shop like a
hermit mage, and other, more affiliated mysticks usually watch
their step around a wizard they can't recognize.

Hermits may be trained by some other group or might be self-
Awakened. Either way, they like to be left to their own devices.
The most ancient sorcerers may be hermit-types, dwelling in

secluded corners or living quiet lives among the Sleepers. They
often have powerful Arcane talents and evade all but the most
dedicated searches. The legendary hermit on the mountain with
eyes that reflect the world, the wonder-merchant who peddles
wares then disappears, or the wise woman in the deep-woods
cottage are archetypal hermit mages.

The "Crafts"

A catch-all label for mystickal societies unaligned with the
Council of Nine, the so-called Crafts (who almost never answer to
that title) make little distinction between the hedge wizard and
the Awakened One. To them, labels are a waste of time.

Crafts are pockets of mages united along a single cultural
paradigm, such as Caribbean voodoo, European alchemy or Gothic-
Punk sorcery. More concerned with the practical application of
magick than metaphysics, such mages will never be heard discussing
Ascension or the subjective nature of reality. Thus, their approach
to magick is termed Craft (rather than Art) by outsiders.

Each Craft specializes in a certain form of magick, either through
choice or inherent ability. While less flexible than Tradition mag
they can be quite proficient in their respective concentrations.

Infernal Sorcerers

Diabolists and Infernalists are mages or hedge wizards who
promise their souls (and the souls of others) to some Infernal
power in exchange for demonic instruction. Some Diabolists
summon and bind a demon for just this purpose. Others are tricked
or seduced by the serpent's tongue.

At first, the would-be Diabolist is granted small demonic Invest-
ments, powers portioned from demonic Essence. Few conditions are
attached; the rush of power is addiction enough. Once power has
absolutely corrupted this pawn, he signs a soul-pact and learns the
Infernal Craft (a form of static hedge magic) of Dark Sorcery.

Many Diabolists form cults to acquire control over more
souls, with which they barter for even greater power. While some
support the Nephandi's nihilistic crusade, most specialize in their
own brand of personal evil.

Chapter Three: Mage Society 55

NK


IZ

NOW Ail

Hedge Wizards

Hedge wizards are un-Awakened sorcerers whose static arts
are limited by set parameters. (See Chapter Four for the distinc-
tion between static magic and dynamic magick). Some form
societies, but most practice magic on their own. Many un-Awak-
ened who seek magic in books or other forms of study fall into this
category. The most dedicated do acquire some power, but True
Magick must be experienced, not merely learned.

Most Western forms of hedge magic descend from the ars
magica (art of magic) of the Middle Ages — a limited form of
spellcraft taught to select Sleepers by the Order of Hermes — and
the folk wisdom of the wise woman or hermit sage. Some hedge
wizards form societies, while others work alone. Few know, or care,
about the War.

Custos

"Alfred..."

"I saw the signal, sir."

"I've left Wayne Enterprises, en route to the Batcave
"Always ready, sir."

—Batman and Alfred, Batman Forever

ir

Many mages acquire sidekicks, confidants and servants.
Collectively, these companions are called custos and fall into
various categories.

* Acolytes

Mages call their un-Awakened servitors acolytes. They may
be guards, advisors, assistants, contacts or procurers of supplies. On
amore abstract level, acolytes are a constant reminder to mages of

who and what they work for. Many acolytes are unaware of the
nature of their employer or friends, yet have some special quality
that sets them apart from other Sleepers. This may be insatiable
curiosity, strong will, frustration with the status quo or a manifes-
tation of inner magick.

* Consors

Although not mages themselves, consors display comparable
ability. Very capable mortals (like witch-hunters and hedge magi-
cians), vampires and other supernatural beings all fit this category.
Though they may lack the ability or desire to learn True Magick,
these companions are aware of many aspects of mystick society
(such as the Ascension War). In any case,
their own unique powers.

consors usually have

Most importantly, consors consider themselves companions,
friends and partners. They may risk their lives for a mage, and
expect similar loyalty in return.

© Familiars

Familiars are intelligent spirit beings who inhabit some physi-
cal body (usually animal, sometimes inanimate) in order to interact
with the material world. A mage must specially prepare this
material body — whether cat or golem — to act as a spirit-vessel.
This rite creates a compact between mage and familiar. The bond
intensifies through a symbiotic relationship between the two: the
familiar feeds on a mage's Quintessence, and in exchange, it grants
its host access to strange bits of lore and helps protects him from
Paradox.

Like consors, these spirits-made-physical consider them-
selves a mage's equal, if not his superior (a familiar may refer to the
mage as its familiar!). Should the mage break the compact at any
time, his familiar will surely abandon him.

Chantries

Chantry is the generic name for a mystical
dwelling where mages and their servitors can meet
or reside, study, experiment and hide from en-
emies. This term comes from the Hermetic name
for a "covenant," or fellowship house. Other Tra-
ditions refer to their strongholds as Monasteries,
Sanctuaries, Pleasuredomes, Lodges, Marabouts,
Laboratories, Covenhouses, Fortresses or hosts of
other names. As these terms indicate, a Chantry
may take many forms, depending on its origin and
function; it could be a country manor, a temple jutting from some
Andean peak, a penthouse apartment or a cavern-complex be-
neath the Australian desert.

Some Chantries are mundane refuges for mages too poor or
unskilled to employ magick to improve them. The most powerful
draw Quintessence from private Nodes to create Horizon Realms
(see Chapter One) where the main building can be relocated for
greater security. A Chantry's spiritual structure often has one or
more earthly aspects, physical reflections and access points. Since
unclaimed Nodes are rare, however, most new Chantries make do
with mundane locations.

56 Mage: The Ascension

Chantry Society

The benefits of joining a Chantry are manifold. Members
gain access to arcane libraries, laboratories and other resources,
perhaps even Tass. Other mages provide information or aid more
readily to fellow members than to strangers, and members have the
right to vote on important issues. Should a mage win office, she
gains influence proportionate to the prestige of her Chantry. Such
bonds of fellowship ensure some protection from enemies and the
right of arbitration from rivals.

ues.

In return for these privileges, members are expected to
perform duties — to act as envoys to other Chantries, do mainte-
nance or guard duty, tutor apprentices or collect Quintessence
from dangerous locales. Chantry law can also be double-edged —
most covenants favor the Old Guard who established them over

newcomers.

Cabals

Most Chantries are divided into smaller groups with specific
roles or agendas. Whether they take the form of military units,
political parties or clubs, such groups are known as cabals. New
Chantries may consist of only a single cabal, while large and
established ones such as Doissetep can have close toa dozen. The
most common range is two to five cabals per Chantry.

Cabals also exist outside the context of a Chantry; this is how
they usually begin. The most common familial group in mystick
society, cabals are formed when a group of mages decide to hang
together, whether to achieve a common purpose, to provide
mutual support, or just to share friendship. As they work together,
loyalty and camaraderie forge tight links. Most cabals hope to
create their own Chantry someday, or at least to find their group
aniche in an established one.

Types of Chantries

* Ancestral Chantry

These Chantries are extremely old and closely associated with
the origins of a given Tradition. One example is the Celestial
Chorus' Celestial Temple of the Sun, rumored to be located
beneath Vatican City (if so, its entrances are closely guarded).
Ancestral Chantries are stagnant and conservative, but extremely
powerful. Leaders of such places have tremendous influence over
the Council of Nine and their respective Tradition.

© War Chantry

War Chantries are temporary affairs established to guard some
front of the Ascension War. These places rarely last; most either
complete an objective and move on, or are eventually destroyed.
Members have little time for bureaucracy or intrigue. Typically,
they are loyal to one another and suspicious of strangers.

* Exploration Chantry

Some Traditions, such as the Dreamspeakers or Sons of
Ether, are more interested in seeking questions than coming up
with answers. Entire Chantries are devoted to experimentation
and exploration.

Such Chantries are usually remote and inaccessible. Some
Dreamspeaker Lodges have been constructed at the edge of What-
is-Known. In other far-off places, like the lunar Victoria Station,
the occupants prefer to keep their affairs private. While Explora-
tion Chantries are often considered unproductive by outsiders
(too much theory, not enough application), they cannot be
accused of lacking research material.

© College Chantry

College Chantries devote all of their resources to teaching the
newly Awakened. In this magick-poor age, where every potential
apprentice is fought over by many factions, Colleges capable of
teaching dozens of mysticks have diminished. Few now are left.
More common in the High Mythic Age, the newest Colleges were
built during the 1800s. Those that remain enroll no more than
three to eight pupils at a time.

College Chantries are most popular among the Order of
Hermes and Sons of Ether. Other Traditions prefer the Mentor-
apprentice system or learning by experience.

© Squatter Chantry

A Chantry that lacks a Node is known as a Squatter. Most
often, these small Chantries are established by a cabal with few
resources. On the other hand, a Chantry cut off from its Quintes-
sence supply by besieging enemies might also qualify.

Lacking a Node, members of Squatter Chantries are (often
tightly) suspected of Quintessence theft. In any case, they have
little status. A mage without Quintessence is a viper without
venom, as the Euthanatos say.

* Abandoned Chantries

As valuable as they are, Chantries are rarely abandoned.
Those who come upon the ruins of a Chantry house should ask
themselves, "What could have driven offa community of mages?"
before moving in themselves.

Technomancer Constructs

The Technocracy refers to its Chantries as Constructs, its
cabals as amalgams. While Chantries are created spontaneously by
the choice of their founders (and new members are readily admit-
ted), Constructs are usually formed by the Conventions' leaders,
and members are assigned to the post. Constructs tend to be run
bysmall councils called Triumvirates. (See "Technocracy Terms"
sidebar).

In form, Constructs usually resemble office buildings, laborato-
ries and factories set atop sanitized Nodes. The New World Order
operates out of labyrinthine office buildings separated into depart-
ments. The warehouses and factories of Iteration X repair and build
weapons, or house vast computers to store secret data. Progenitors
favor laboratories where genetic mutants can be spliced in private
and subterranean dungeons where they may imprison failed experi-
ments. Agents of the Syndicate meet in penthouses, villas or
privately-owned skyscrapers. From their Exploration and Develop-
ment Stations, the Void Engineers launch probes into the Umbra
and research the data and samples the equipment sends back.

The Technocracy also has many multi-Convention Con-
structs. These have but two purposes: to uphold static reality, and
to carry out the Pogrom.

Nephandi Labyrinths

Three weeks after his abduction, half-mad Hergard Giger
returned with horror stories of his imprisonment among the
Nephandi. From his and similar reports, mages have learned
something of the Dark Mages' sanctums, called Labyrinths

Labyrinths draw their power from Nodes of corruption and
despair. The site of a toxic chemical spill; the smoldering remains
of a barn where a cultist incinerated his followers; the dark, soiled
basement where that little girl was concealed by her uncle for over
a month — the psychic trauma of such places allow Nephandi to
puncture the Tapestry and intrude upon the Earth.

The interiors of most Labyrinths, it is said, are moist, pulsing
caverns carved from Deep Umbral Realms. Chairs of black metal
and bone grow from the floor. Tapestries are woven from decaying
flesh and rubber. Organic machinery pumps oily blood throughout
the complex for unknown purposes. These are but tasteful examples
of the dark perversity found in Nephandi architecture. Howls and
screams echo through the ribbed tunnels. Nephandi and darker
beings lurk amid the slime and corrosive silt. It is said that Laby-
rinths have little structure or hierarchy save that which the Nephandi
Lords impose through fear.

Giger was one of the few unlucky ones to return alive from a
Labyrinth. Before dying of invasive cancer, he pinpointed the
abomination's location. His cabal arrived just in time to see the
Technocracy's Qui La Machine already sanitizing the Node.

Roving Marauders

If Marauders have Chantries, nobody has ever seen one (and
lived to tell of it...). The Mad Ones are probably too fractious to
form permanent cabals, never mind Chantries.

Chapter Three: Mage Society 57

ID.



ee

Chapter Four:

The Ways of
Magic

the moment you open your mouth to say one thing about the
nature of reality, you automatically have a whole set of enemies who' ve
already said reality is something else... Writing a metaphysics is, in the
strictest sense of the word, a degenerate activity

~ Robert Pirsig, Lila

Peter Kobie's Seeking "Peter, it was an easy task, and yet you defied my instructions
pill Beiiccmmalaesocnisrest ‘I've been a musician all my life," he said scornfully. "Me
ect han Peewee Dee es | ptoctcinescalesislike naling somelained master of Doissetep clean

launched into a haunting melody, his deep rich voice :
chamberpots

reaching up to the stars and down into the dark valleys
around the mountain on which he stood. Quickly, his
echo returned, blending into complex harmonies as

"L imagine their pots could indeed do with a little cleaning," she
replied wryly. "My point was this: you should never forget that
everything is composed of the most basic elements, cloth of thread, steel

Peter sang from his heart and soul, glad to be free from 7
of iron, songs of notes.

the shackles of practice his Avatar had imposed on him
the day before. After he fell silent, the last echoes

Peter looked away, stubborn refusal in his eyes. "I have done no

lingered in the cool mountain air before fading away
He tumed, sensing, not seeing, the presence of the dark-haired, lithe
woman athis side. Longago, he'd thought she merely served as his muse
Now, more and more often, she came forth to guide his steps and direct
his enlightenment with a more controlling hand than he cared to admit
She was never pleased anymore, never satisfied. The frown on her face
told him today was no different

wrong. I have made the mountains sing. That was your request."
"But not within my conditions. Iam sorry; I feel you have leaned
nothing from this experience," she said sadly, her image fading to leave
him alone in the hills
Kobie cursed, damning this unrelenting Avatar, shouting vile
words that bounced off the tree-covered mountains, their echoes blend.
ing with the cold winds beginning to whine and howl in the dark valley

below

Chapter Four: The Ways of Magick 59

ch RAL


‘adeyy and] v ay!]uN ang ‘Moy sit Jaye pue Aatpeag jo sia ay OUT
spuey s9y dip ued prezim a8pay ay. "Aatjead d12¢3s uaLaND Jo sare
-punog asaypuey ayy — unt] Jaddn ue sey 213eur Seas Yong
jumop 21 wing pue asnoy
B uea]d 02 Jena owes ay} Asn OWED prezIM aBpay aYL "yNSIT
aytoads auo ysiduosse A[uo ued yen oy!Dads Yyoea ‘as1May!]
‘Jsour sae [eNIZ UMO Jay? UI Ja!}aq pue ASUArsISUOD OYL
"payo atues ay BABY YA0q P]NOd [eNaL OOpooa ¥ puk aouep Asd4 ek
‘Squeagyaudt s] 213eud say 9¥aI9 01 sasn aUO UTENed Yy!DAds ay |
‘aanpadsiad pur stamod sry simu] ose ang ‘syIO pue saurdiosiq
aayp nosey pur parpury stuedd sreweay Jestshyderow asayp SurmUOG
‘sawunysod JeIeAYy pIsls dures asoyp Jo suBIs [UIDIXd aue ‘s9AjOMaIaM
ayp jo smepp pue sny atp pue ‘aztdurea atp jo sSury pue sojjed aup rey
asaZns UdAa aWog ‘sIEIVAY UMO JOY Or drysuoNEjas pay] "reps
& aavy soaqeaid JemeWodns J9yIo pue saAfomaiam ‘soutdwea Jey
aaatjaq sadeyy "Suruayeavy aystupryy ayp Joy sauinasoo s1ayp paedsip
0) (Suy]JwuN 40) ajqeun are Aayp ‘jpeg Aaypeay ayp orut ANuA wor
aI sIBeAY NOY SuULaM,, Ysnoyppy ‘sIEIAy JoYp Ut AlprEANyWe
ang paypop> ‘]]Jeq paxseu eae sxa2Uep ay] are.
Alda aaatype 01 JOLARYaq Jo suuaNed IDEs Oy WHOsUOD asnu 2
219828 LOM OY sIayRO pur saIsdAg ‘soryoAsd ‘sprezin aSpay ay
saomod pur aouasaid sit Sur3pajmouype Ajaanounsur sdeysod
"(qidaa]s | AYA aw 393 LD suarsuOW ay JO ‘preogpeay ay
Buryonod inoypim pag orur dumnf pue yreasg Aw pjoy ‘Bns anjq aya
uo aor dopy,,) UoRsai0ad yo spenays stay Ut O13
anatjaq-ayxeu Surdeyd uaupyiyD "dep Azaaa sraquunu s1yodsd-QQ6- |
][82 pue srapear prea roxe | Ista ajdoad jo saquinu Aue a4 ‘aaunany
dup aIpaid o1 ajqissodury st ay ey asisUL Pjnom sastUatos asOy
}OIISUOIUN JANDATJOI aY2 Jo UOTE aUOs sea] Iv 02 WO;UOD
Sdop IF Inq — snoynoeIW azNb ase s199Y9 S11 Jo oUIOs — AaYeas
dyTWUaIIs YooqIxXa1 02 suUOJLOD 213M IHeIs IY) Avs 02 I0U SI
StY|L "Arypeas pardaase jo siauaa ay MOTJO} YOTYA ‘studded y!99ds
smoyjoy 213eu ,a8pay,, 10 SeIs Y>1EYyy

ds

YL "saNsaa Dy!
sew

pul 2183s DWT

ani]. 02 aset09 Uy]
dISep dyejSg

ayro ]pe Woy ede wy sis pom aya uodn Aatjear UO sty
asodwy 01 ANyIge sty ae pur ‘puewTUI0D-UO-An}jea4 spjata ay I~
spurasiapun ay ‘sjatjaq s,a8eu Jenprarpur ue jo ssappresay

"Aujeas ses uodn wiipered
uMo ano asoduit o1 [JIM ay2 pue AdutaIp sauUT sy aoeIquIa
01 aBesnod ays ‘9ouars!xa si} UT dAatjaq Ayn 02 YAIEy ayp stp
and] 104 01 paau am [ye ‘Asoayp sip 01 Surpsod9¥y "rds pue ysay
Ano Ut paSpo] sauG ang ayp aurtag Jo preys ayp ur pappaquua ‘sn jo
yore uryaia sary ary sip jo s9Mod aauyut ay J "sBuI9q pauayemy
Je ur quaueWUN st y>1eyy anzy re aAazjaq sadeus 19yE

+]]4 se ureSe ano pu jjasumry o2ut sarsiaua,
ypnshur ay saeip UeWEYS ay2 ‘mo]Joy se sauOg sty SurZIeNstA
{{89U0g MO][OY Buryew,, sttp [Jeo sueweYs Jaxvadsureaig "yey
an Jo saiBioua ayp jouuLYD Aayp ‘uoNsaUUOD si YSnosy |
-Aujyeas ysomar pue jjasit aun OI Year saBew (omy, sardey,
das) sreqeay say Jo saoidsne ay2 ySnory yp "a220y yorsku Joyo
atulos 10 S9UK ang ayp ‘aU ap YatM IDaUUOD Or Aarpge ay aay
saSeu rey Suraatjaq f13ew Jo A1oayp wapuaosuen & urETUTEUE
susi}euomper | awog "y>1Sepy and | pjatm pue ares9uad pauayeny
ay2 MOY Inoge 1yZNoYP Jo sfooyps sofeur OMI axe B9yL

-ramod say 02 satu] any Ayuo atp are suonerdadxa
uMO Jay ‘JIM pue (auos Aq sazaydg aulu ayp palje>) s1usWa]>
s,Aa}Jeau Jo oSpaymouy GuawUaIYysrUa Yar "TE pouayeary pue
snotssuoo 1UAIDYZNs st spau ays |]Y "WHY ax0Jaq JayDeAI sIY Pue

uolsuadsy ay] ase 09

soypear 19y jo saznasa8 ap ade 10U paau ayg ‘op |]}9s Auew Ysnoyp
‘Aayyeas sane 02 Aem sejnonaed Aue Ut ainasaB Jo penata Iytoads Aue
uuzopiad 02 19420] ]1M ay atINba1 10U saop Y>1BRYY anu "youeas
ay! [-snaydag autos soy paau ayp InoyN ap1] 01 4oRq Peap ay BuLq
pue top> afoym woy spjiom area1s Geaddesip ssuIpying ayeus
ues ypiSeyy anzy Supom aSew Yy yasiay yousdur ayp urn
asoyp aze sun] AJuo ayp Systyduosse ued 31 IY 2 SIU] UA
-10YU! OU are a1ay] | "Aa!]RaI Jo MOY ayp saBueYp yoeu ana y

yorsep) ona

"yprSeyy andy sary Azaaoostp siqp uy z9ats
auf aaout oym Koya st at WeEp Puy Bulop os U pue ‘payeu zat ayp
o1u! a3unjd pur syer say Jo 08 29] sta10jdxa may asay] jpuy Au
aouer iq ay Aq auoszaa0 asoup day spo3 ayp pur ‘pauayeny
Ayyry avy ajdoad asay y ‘aeyy ans atp souyap yorseyy andy,

-o1Beur 2121s paraaoostp avy Ady] "y]9Si1 Ja1 ay Uodn 29ay9
ann ou aaey Aayp ang "ayer aya Jo aWIOS 2A! W9AA JO JAAN ay
ur uongisod s1ayp 1ayye ued Aap ‘Sur pped Ag ‘uorse990 uo uansdn
Surppped uaaa ‘syuauno aya ySnostp syer A1]ea4 aloyp 1991s 01 sea
sjenprarput asaup ‘1o1em 2eyp UT s1vo [eoIeU Noy Burddig "seu
Surmuopiod Aq Aa1Jeau ensuasuod punoxe 10 YALA BuPyYOM A]9A1I9e
4 dfqeadagys,, 01 urea] Aay_| "Stat YM 40} J9yeM aU 99s a]doad atuos
‘aaaMop{ "UoISa] axe Aatp pur ‘s1adaayg ays are Ady], "waup sayea
Aayear wey 19Aai9ym O38 Ady Yat]aq UMO sT9Yp Jo UOIYsNd B UO
Buoye Sunvo]y *Antjea4 Jo uazN9 ayp YatM aaow a[doad asoyy

-sdaa|s auo ou jt Burua
"Jem Ou aq ued aay] ‘aBueYD o1 Surpiou aavy pynom siaza910s
<Aqyeai pajauueYp AppIsu ‘suepUNUT OU sem a19Yp JT 'I9.{ "MOY S11 JO
uonsamp oy SuiZueyp waaa pur asinos sa Sunyiys ‘Aripeay Jo sats
ay uodn ji aayp asodun pauayemy aya ‘a1 ySnosy.y *Anpeas pens
-UASUOD ,"JRULIOU,, Jo apIsino sistxa yorSeyy "aURpUNLY ayp INOYIN
ypisewr ou pue ‘>13ew inoyA saseu oU aq URI ay,

spose Q soisew

29vaquid S11 UI pawuNsuos Udag savy soBeur Aue
Aaniqisuodsai ‘Suuamodioao sdeyzod pur ‘awosane ue — sBut
-uayeny 9] 942 st ay "Apayst] Uayea aq 20U Pynoys
samod Yong "Aa1ea1 uO URYP a10UL Jaye ABUL Z9IUOD UF BUDpOM
Jer9aas apt yas "eruua|p!U 10} A1]e94 Jo 912qBy ay J9I]e ULD aSeUI TUE,
Aatyeaa yo Ansade | aya uodn yaya awosome A[rua v aAvy ued aseUU
qUIPYyUoD pur |nlomod w ‘suONLASAI Asay YT UDA 9A,

a]UND Jo Ar

{1 2,UP]Now ‘9oU0 10) YE asEDA105
8 108 Ady jt JaBueNs 10] & aq P[NOM a Jam ‘yeax {paroipard
UeWAYIAM OU WHOIUTeI UAppNs ay IO {24942 St ‘paajoaut aq
PJnoo ay AeA ou s,axayp "Jam ***Aq WeT Zea QUO YALA Ue FUP]
-Auuny reyp zaye asnf pasde]]oo Suipying plo uy ‘saajaswayp
uodn (xopeieg 40) uonUane Awsp 01 IU se Os ‘Ar!]ead aUEP
-UNUE YALA UT yD1SeU ATU pUaTq o2 9s00YD Layo saw ‘paapuy

"sada siadaa|g aya 01 ajagns Aaa sieadde Aepor yo1Seu soy

190M Yp13eUL Wapow punore 191430.
jes sdeam ssausnorss¥09(tun) aa1y29]]09 ay Jo Yeo]2 Suruytos au
pur 4sed 8uo] st puada7 jo ody ayy ‘ueneyURyy 1940 Ays ay UOyEP
07 SUIJ113 jo AU Ue yAI0} SuTPed 10 "rea durep aup woy dn Suds
0) siaIpjos Sutsne> pur yaa s,UoSeIp YI [los aya Surmos

q pom
ay 9]zZepaq P]nom 10 Ue> Aepor saseUI May YBAIMOH] ‘spuEM-OUYDAI
JonuOD aiouras YM suaasds A | AYA UO Aarear au SuUAye UayR
[29js1adaajg sou a2uapyti0> outes ayp YIM auoTE IYSNOY Aq Ary]eOs
Jaqje ues sngew pouarysiua wy *Aouey pur qprey 99" pue 180] st

a] Sunpou pue axaymou ‘Buryzdsaaa pur axayarisaaa st Y1se yy

A

LN

| N

she cannot change the course of the river itself. The most powerful
and determined hedge wizard cannot find an incantation or ritual
which will overcome this limit. She is bound by external forces
and cannot change the flow of reality.

Ironically, the Awakened cannot use statjc magic. Even if a
mage conducts a "static ritual" alongside a hedge wizard, the
mage's ritual will work by fundamentally reshaping reality. This
level of magick is impossible for the static magic worker to truly
comprehend, much less attain.

The Metaphysic of Magick

Science is a cemetery of dead ideas,

Even though life may issue from them.
— Miguel de Unamuno, The Tragic Sense of Life

In classrooms throughout the modern world,
little boys and girls are taught a passive, scientific
view of reality. Through the clinical eyes of science,
refully observe the so-called laws of
physics, nature and the rest of reality to understand
how the world functions. Although we are part of this
reality, the teachers lecture their bored charges, we
cannot affect the laws of nature. Children, like mages, often balk at
this object-oriented view of reality. In their worlds reality fluctuates
asrapidly as their ideas. They make dinosaurs come to life with a few
bits of paper and crayons, Tinkertoy walls tumble upon their

we learn to c:

command, and each child has the mystic power to protect his

mother's back by avoiding cracks in the sidewalk.

These children instinctively grasp something their elders lost
long ago — they're active agents who may work their own will
upon reality, even if that reality's filled with stuffed animals and
Nintendo games. Yet these infant concepts will soon be lectured
at and reasoned with until they slip away, relegated to the realm
of fantasy. Mages however, come more than full-circle in their
beliefs. True willworkers believe that reality is subjective; instead
of building understanding and belief through passive observation
of nature, belief and conscious thought builds (or at least influ-
ences) nature. This metaphysical premise holds that we play a far
more active role in the universal pageant than Sleeper philosophy
would have us believe. We, as conscious beings, are the cause, and
the universe, or the boundaries of it, is our effect.

Static Reality

All apprentice mages (at least, all successful apprentices), ask
themselves at one time or another, "If reality is limitless, why isn't
my magick equally limitle
his fingers and cause the
off gravity as easily as he directs the phone company to continually
mark his account "paid in full?" Despite the limitless nature of
reality, such constants as gravity, the Earth's rotation and the
composition of the atmosphere still continue with extraordinary
stability. If reality is of our own making, shouldn't the world be a
chaotic jumble of shifting, dissonant realities, like an orchestra in
which all the musicians are tone-deaf?

2" Why, for example, can'ta mage snap
arth's atmosphere to turn to jelly, or turn

As elder mages teach their disciples, reality itself is limitless
—a vacuum in which true consciousness may run free. However,
these basic principles don't change, because our reality is also
consensual. Earth's reality is not based on billions of disparate,
disconnected, singular realities. Rather, reality relies on the col-
lective beliefs of all of humanity (and, it is said, of other forces we
choose not to see). Material reality is a consensual hallucination
which the vast majority of humanity agrees upon.

In any one space, only one reality can exist. When more than
one reality vie for realization, the most powerful one manifests.
Billions of Sleepers live upon the Earth, each unknowingly cradling
their sliver of Prime. Although individual Sleepers have little
control over the nature of reality, their combined beliefs are ex-
tremely powerful. There is strength in numbers, as the saying goe:
and static reality is powerful indeed. This tidal wave of consensus is
extraordinarily difficult for even the most powerful mages to defy.

The difficulty of overcoming static reality is one reason that
almost all mages, mystick and Technomancer alike, introduce
their ideologies into the mainstream of human thought and

experience. Although this desire may seem no more than selfish
pride, it's a far more primal urge. We all have a life drive, which
Freud termed the libido, a desire to exist — to be. By encouraging
others to believe her particular magickal paradigm, the mage also
strives to imprint herself upon reality, safeguarding her existence.
The closer her personal paradigm is to static reality, the easier it

is to impose her will upon the world.
The Technocracy has used the mass media, psychology and
propaganda very effectively over the last century and a half to
convince much of the Earth's populace to accept their reality. Many
years ago, technology simply did not function, despite the best efforts
of early Sons of Ether and other curious intellectual explorers.
Although mages used their magick to empower some devices, they
often suffered Paradox, and their technology never functioned for
Sleepers. However, the populace gradually came to believe in tech-
nology, and technology therefore fell more and more in line with
static reality — thus becoming more readily possible. With belief
came machines usable by Sleepers as well as mages. This gradual
subversion of reality is often slow, but it's much easier to open the
door by greasing the rusty hinges than by wrenching the door off.

Certain Awakened philosophers (particularly Hermetic
mages) theorize that the most basic aspects of reality (such a
gravity, mathematical paradigms and the composition of the
atmosphere) were in place when the mythical Pure Ones first took
flesh. These aspects of reality are thus the most deeply ingrained.
All of us, even the Awakened, believe in these constants on a
primal level. Although it's theoretically possible to completely
alter any aspect of reality, even the greatest sorcerers have diffi-
culty stretching their limits that far.

There is much debate over which paradigms make up this
"uber-reality." Is mathematics a part of humanity's "birth reality"
ora concept introduced by mortals? Whether or not all aspects of
the earth's current paradigm were part of the "birth reality," mages
term this base-level (or Sleeper) reality as "static." It maintains a
certain level of normality and structure on Earth. Static reality
ensures that gravity continues to function, and that one plus one
always equals two... unless, of course, a mage wills otherwise. The
mystick's Awakened Avatar allows her to direct her will strongly
enough to impose her beliefs upon the world, but it's not easy,
particularly if the mage's will directly opposes static reality.

Chapter Four: The Ways of Magick

61

YY

NG Ail

DYNAMISM

a
3.
eC

ENTROPY

< conception

Mages are dynamic entities in a world designed to maintain
wak-

ened is seldom easy. Yet it is critical, for without this dynamic

stasis. As active agents in a passive world, the task of the

intervention, reality might fall into continued stasis from which it
is all too easy to slide into entropy. This is one of the main reasons
Tradition mages worry about the unprecedented success the Tech-
nocracy has had in selling their world view to the Sleeper Masses.
No other single magickal paradigm has ever advanced so far into
humanity's collective unconscious as the Static Mages
technomagickal revolution

The Metaphysic Trinity

Humans can only understand bite-sized snippets of reality. If

we try to down the entire universe-cake in one sitting, it becomes

too overwhelming to comprehend. Unlike most Sleepers, mages

can understand whole slices of reality ata time. However, even their

more flexible, Awakened minds must still categorize and d
the world into understandable slices. The most basic ingredients of

ineate

the flour, egg and water of the universe if you will

are dynamism, stasis and entropy. These three forces form a meta

these slices

physical framework — the Metaphysic Trinity of magick. As the
Celestial Chorus proudly proclaims,

All Awakened humanity
communes at the church of the Metaphysic Trinity."

Dynamism

Dynamism is the most active, changing member of the Trin-
ity. It is movement and expansion — the ever-present need to
adapt or die. The werewolves term this force the Wyld, and many
view it as utter random chaos. Dynamism, however, is not neces-
sarily random; it's merely active. This common misconception is

62 Mage: The Ascension

one reason the Technomancers are sometimes known as Static
Mages. The misnomer comes from the idea that the Black Hats
hate randomness and change, that they wish to keep the world

moving along carefully controlled channels of reality. Yet, Technos
do desire change and work hard to accomplish it. After all, why
else do we call the advance of technology the "Industrial Revolu-

"Information Revolution?" Technomancers are

tion" and now the
dynamic — they just aren't random.

Without dynamism, the universe would stagnate and die.

Change is a necessary, frightening part of reality, and True Mages
are the Avatars of naked change. Through will and belief, the
Awakened force reality to shift away from the comfortable

ic
base-line. With each push, whether the gentlest nudge or the most
violent shove, reality changes a bit, and everything in it follows,
especially the agent of that change.

Stasis

Without stasis there could be no stability in the universe.
Stasis is the "egg" that binds the water and flour of dynamism and
entropy. Without stasis, different realities would constantly col

lity could hold together long enough
for humans (or anyone else) to comprehend. In such a world of

lide, and no one piece of re

constant, shifting chaos, even defining the concept of self be-
comes impossible. Conversely, too much stasis makes it more and

gnize this truth even
Mythic Ages, stasis and static reality

more difficult to enact change. Mages re

more than Sleepers do. In th
were not as strong as they are in the modern world, and the
Awakened had far more latitude to work their Arts

As stasis takes a greater hold upon the world, reality becomes

more rigid and more strictly delineated. Ironically, many people

mistakenly believe this effect actually opens up new possibilities


and expands their reality. This is certainly not true. As members of
the Cult of

Ecstasy are fond of pointing out, when people read
books, all they have in front of them are a few pieces of paper and
words. They must use the most extraordinary tools at their com-
mand — their minds — to imagine the sights, sounds and smells of
the stories within those pages. When black and white television
came along, a grateful public cried, "Ah! Sweet liberation! Now we
can actually see what we were forced only to imagine before." The
exclamations of delight become even greater at the advent of color
TV as now the drama spills into their drab living rooms in "

living
Techno-color!" Yet each so-called improvement limits possibility;
no longer can each person imagine her own Huckleberry Finn. For
many, his image is set. With each such change, greater stasis settles
over the minds and imaginations of humanity

The Garou speak of the Weaver, a force of connection and
order in the world. Stasis is this Weaver, providing framework for
the universal constants which shield us from chaos. Yet without
that chaos of change to shape and define it, stasis soon becomes
entropy

Entropy

This element is the end of all and the beginning of all; "From
dust we are born, and to dust we return." Entropy is the constant
pull towards dissolution, a merging of dynamism and stasis so
complete that there is no difference between them. Without that
contrast, all differentiation crumbles into entropy,

ind space and

matter merge into one. One question posed to all Akashic initiates
is a variation on this idea: "How can there be a Self if there is no
Other?" This question is far more complex than it first appears and
addresses many philosophic problems, but it also identifies the

point at which entropy begins — the point at which there is no
difference between self and other

Westem philosophers are often quite leery, even frightened, of
entropy. Many

sterners, shamans, physicists and mystics believe
this fear taints Sleepers' connection to their common reality.
Westerners view reality as disparate, packaged in neat, discreet
units. The student seated at her desk is utterly distinct from that
desk and from the air around her. Throughout time, however, most

cultures have recognized that nothing and no one is completely
separate from anythingelse. Shamans and advanced physicists alike
lecture that matter is made up of energy, and that only the
manifestation of that energy distinguishes student from desk. Both
are part of the same, magnificent, swirling energy field

Both conceptions of reality hold their own dangers if taken to
extremes. In the Western view, there is the danger of dynamism

ing into astatic mold, causing entropy. In the second, less
entropy evolves when boundaries blur into chaos. Either

rigid vie
way, the end result is entropy — chaos and destruction.

Entropy is a powerful force; it keeps "old baggage" from lasting
past its time. Instead, the "baggage" breaks down and goes into the
cycle fresh. Many mages, however, worry that entropy has the upper
hand these days. The so-called Reckoning some speak of may have
risen from this belief. The Garou battle the construct they term the
Wyrm, an entity of entropic decay. In recent times, the werewolves
report that the Wyrm grows ever stronger. Although most members
of the Traditions at first dismissed such worries, they now begin to
fear that the Garou are right.

Chapter Four: The Ways of Magick

63

N

YS ZZ


of

v a

UOISIA JeuOSIad UMo s,93eUL ap 02 21 BUIMUOJO
‘Sqrede Anyjear 12838 Jo Ausade | ap dia suonase yong "sarys au Woy
UMOp UYJLAB e BUI]ed 10 ‘peap uNY ayLNIs ue aas UOIstAa]a1s,Au9UD
uv Jo 3no AY 02 yoq SurUaYsH e Sursnes sapnjour >o13eur ses|NA,
sAressaoou yorseu ses[NA puy sot

aUos SUD PoUDyLAy ISOUL
‘Sporfew peruaproutosasn on rasta shee souspe sar ysNoUp]Y

yorseyy 1e$jnA

«/3]qeaar]aq,, Puy Pjno>

Ig sour avy? way [eyo1Seu Aue sada2o" Ajyensn ssausnords

-yooun 9Anda]JO9 AY, "SaHaUeA JoyI0 URYR AjIse9 POUT yZ0M
II 1 i

02 yorBeur siya Surmoye Aq ArAateaid zy spreaior Apes IVeIs

pur ‘sy JeUApIoUtod YSnosp [eo peys1Teur say YstduoIIe 03

F F i beeaaal bas 1S

2affq

re

Ava v puy uayo ue adew areas y "(ys zaideyD 998) ,

ounwoc],, ay? par|ed saeyM area. pue Arypiqeqosd ares]9098
,S9duaploutoo,, AUeW OO | "aBeUL dys 10oy puag Aaypeas axeUu 02 SALOD
-9q 11 A9prey ayp ‘saduaproutos ayp ayqeasiaqun sow ay p
aqqeaatjaq Aparaua ang — Aypny aaa Aron}
ay) SuruUIN s,uosiad senonsed Aue puy 41 91vII9 OY asour
pur ‘Aaryear a1aeag jaystu wey A1n20] axp suLM OY ssand ‘snorseIs
ssoupoos pur **"394911 Arno] B Ang puke asoxs aDUTUBAUOD [E20]
49403 UMOp 102 AsN{ pynod 1919108 SuNoA ay ‘INO snoIDsUEp pue

nb sit Burjea Jo pearsuy "1aAamoy ‘JeuroU se away B yons adaooe

J9A9 p]nod duo ON "29Y punnore se ay Woy 31 a1B9I9 asnf Pnod Yse>
spaou oym a8ew y "[eTUap!sutod zeadde sypiseur stay ayeUE OF
Any Ayjensn syarasKur wapoun ‘(paro8 aq 02 100 Surdoy pue) su0y
ayp Aq [Inq-Aatpear aya Suryer Jo pearsuy -pyom poudyemy oy
Jo Uatl-tos anny atp are y>1sew Jewap!outod ae adape saseyy,

yorSey |epUsp|OUlO;)

ie ||

uosuadsy ay], :adeyy

a A

Jequapioutos svadde yo1ew stay Bupyeur Aq >
siyp aSeuew usyo poudyemy ayy ‘Xoprieg SuseME Noy
ypiSeu pjarn o2 Jopio ur spearyp sAnisade y aya yBnoayp Ayynyoses
BO 02 padi0} UdYO ase soBeur Wapow 394 "WaYR UTYAIM apiso4

2) |NYIP

sanipiqissod jo sasiaarun pure ‘sasiaarun jo apmapinw & Ut apis9a
saieyy ‘save] a]quanwiult jo 19s v 10U St AnTeay "saajastuaya UTyIIM
ay] watp uodn sun] Ajuo ayp rey MoUy saBew Je ‘MoU UIA

ay
aroyp spurq ou (sjarfaqsIp puke) sJarfaq Jo 39S UaAomuaiUT APYBH
8 Sporseur jo sqvaj 1wa48 Yys|durosd" 02 s1199108 pomoy]E speazy
punog-Ajasoo] s,Ansade ayp aou0 azayy "]]om se Aaryear jeqo]s
B snup pur Aia190s jeqo]s Arua B aARY aM MON "4OJOq JaAaU se
pow atp paatun aazy A3ojouysar wapow jo peaads ax pu uols
-ojdxo uonrejndod ayp ‘skep asoup autg ‘paastxe Aa1]ea3 jensuasu0s

a[Suts ou asnesaq xopeseg OU pazeay ‘pres st 11 ‘soBeur asaya
dy YOOmTIM aya punose APYBH deam or uMo4s aavy Aatpvas
Jeuarew jo seumous ayp ‘sauG aing ay Jo aw ay 2UIg
"Avoap ]eyxo1seur Ut Jos
uodn ut Sutsdeyjoo ‘Surqurzys Ajoys st Azoasty y!as4us jo wsiad
dup aaatjaq sauQ pauayemy Aueyy ‘au] paspa-apuy ‘asus &
s} 998 NOA ]]e UN asdeqJoo Aayp sau 2aURO apIYa ‘suoModosd 91
-svuvy 03 puedxa auors pur Sse] pasojoo Jo sats ay SoUNTIIWOS
aSuey> 02 apisul pom jryrneaq ayp sasnes ‘axLys snosos1A
(aaa2 ‘ung pue asia Asaag "Aatear mata sadewr yory ysnomp
adossopiayey papis-2ary vB ay! st AMI] sIskyderayy ay,

Spur]

/


There is no logical (by Sleeper standards) explanation for
vulgar magick; its effects lie outside the realms of possibility. A
mage who uses it can achieve truly awesome results, but puts
herself at terrible risk. Vulgar magick is an obscenity to static
reality, as is the mage who uses it. She may well find herself facing
Paradox spirits or worse...

IN

Why, if vulgar magick is so dangerous, does a mage resort to
itatall? Sometimes the sorcerer falls prey to pride, wishing to glory
in her true power. More often, the mage simply finds herself with
little choice. She needs a spectacular magickal Effect, and she
needs it now. A mage who does not know when to take risks will
not be long for this world (or any other)

The Elements of Magick

Behold the heaven and the earth
And all the elements; for of these
Are all things created.
— Thomas 4 Kempis, "Imitation of Christ"
Whether Council Mage or Mirrorshade, Chaos
Mage or Fallen One, all True Magi manipulate the
fabric of static reality. Yet the forces and compo-
nents of this reality — and the Arts which shape it
—still follow certain laws. A mage must respect and
follow these laws if she wishes to succeed. Stasis is a
very powerful force (particularly that inertia embodied in the
illusion we term "reality"), and it "corrects" forced imbalances and
radical change with the dreaded Paradox effect.

Although mages will undoubtedly continue to argue over the
exact nature of reality for millennia to come, there are some "abso-
lutes" (essentially game rules) concerning the structure of reality.
Some mages (especially Dreamspeakers) argue that such structures
derive not from the similarities of beliefamong Traditions, but rather
from the sleeping mind of Earth Herself. Regardless, the vast majority
of mages believe there are a few universal constants — the constants
upon which the theory of Spheres is based.

Many experienced mysticks shake their heads at the idea of
classifying magick. When prodded, these mages say that any such
attemptis ludicrous, merely tacking human perceptions, desiresand
prejudices onto an unclassifiable reality. However, even these

hyper-enlightened individuals still use Spheres to work magick, and
most generally adhere to such imposed patterns as gravity. Al-
though most mages realize that any system of categorization is faulty
at best, they recognize that they need one in order to understand
magick themselves and to discuss it with others.

Many such systems have arisen over the millennia, and so
long as multiple beliefs exist, magick can never have a single
underlying structure. These beliefs and traditions form the lan-
guages of magick. After all, as many Hermetic mages point out,
languages are created from magickal symbols (words and letters)
which create something out of nothing to allow communication.
The word-symbols allow understanding between individuals or
within a single person. The more words a person has to describe a
phenomenon, the greater her understanding of it. This is magickal
indeed!

Each Tradition has its own ideas about the true nature of
magick, but they all agree that magick is a natural force and does
have a structure. The Traditions diverge on the more esoteric
aspects of this structure, but generally agree on the following
fundamentals of magick.

Quintessence

Quintessence is the basic unit, the quark, the Aristotelian
"fifth essence," of magick. All matter, all spirit, all elements of
reality are composed of this mysterious substance. This Prime
Force is neither physical nor ethereal and cannot truly be divided
or contained.

Although Quintessence is the stuff of which reality is made,
even mages cannot truly understand it. Most views regard Quintes-
sence as an ever-fluctuating pool from which all creation arises and
returns. Asa basic "life-force," itis often gathered by events of great
passion and colored by those same emotions. Sharper students
realize that this means Awakened Ones are their own best source of
Quintessence, with their Avatars providing the internal wellspring.
Whenanew phenomenon comes into being, it draws Quintessence
from the pool. When old phenomena fade away, their magickal
energy renters into the vast pool. Some Euthanatos and Nephandi
theorize that should reality achieve a state of perfect entropy, the
false frameworks imposed by humanity will melt away, leaving only
the pure glory of raw Quintessence.

Tass

Although we can never truly divide Quintessence, sorcerers
refer to materialized portions of Quintessence as Tass. These
Prime bits often provide the Awakened with raw power. But how
can mages collect and hoard Tass if Quintessence is indivisible?
Most learned Adepts can lecture for hours on just such a question.
Perhaps the best way to describe Tass is as temporarily frozen
shards of Quintessence, floating on that vast sea of Prime like
chunks of ice floating on the ocean. Ice is still water, and will some
day return to its liquid form, yet while itis ice, a sculptor can wield
his chisel to create objects of art, the soldier can create weapons,
and the healer can create a compress to soothe a fevered brow. So
too do mages use the Tass in certain objects.

The bodies of magickal beings, such as werewolves or faeries,
retain Tass. Willworkers can also collect it from those Nodes
which infuse certain physical objects with magickal energy. Un-
like Quintessence, Tass is not always a neutral manifestation of
Primal Essence; the "flavor" of an object can affect the usefulness
of its Tass. Prime elements preserved in the hand of a saint might
prove useful for healing, whereas the Tass in a murderer's hand
might actually harm the patient.

For all practical purposes, Tass is finite. Once a mage uses up
the Tass in a particular object or place, it is gone. As ice melts back
into the ocean, so the Tass returns to Quintessence. Only by
recharging an item at a Node or finding more Tass can a mage
again use a depleted relic.

Chapter Four: The Ways of Magick 65

NY


NOW All

IZ

The Tapestry

The Verbena Heasha Morninglade describes Quintessence
"the raw silk from which we weave the Tapestry of reality." By
weaving the threads of Quintessence into different patterns and
designs, we create all types of energy, matter and life. Each
individual pattern is part of the larger Tapestry, and the patterns
interact with, distort, enhance and otherwise affect each other to

create the things we see as real.

While no Sleepers, and few mages, can actually perceive
these individual patterns, their interaction is easy to see. In
simplified terms, we perceive the pattern of a raindrop interacting
with the pattern of gravity as rain falling from the sky. Magick, in
the form of woven threads of Quintessence, forms the foundation
of reality. For all the chemist's and biologist's talk of molecular
bonding, and the priest's and wisewoman's talk of faith, Quintes-
sence itself provides the life energy that infuses the Tapestry.
Without that energy, the threads would unravel. For the past
millennia, most mages have agreed that the Tapestry contains at
least three distinct types of pattern-energy: body, spirit and mind

Body

The realm of the physical world is the realm of the body. Both
Sleepers and Awakened alike readily perceive and share this
physical reality. Willworkers term our physical realm and the
nearest vestiges of spirit surrounding it as the Tellurian (see
Chapter One). Most mages believe that the threads of Quintes-
sence which form the realms of spirit combine in simple, easily
understood patterns to create the physical Realms. Alll physical
Realms (and there are far more such places than any Sleeper could
dream of) are part of the Tellurian, as are the Near Umbral Realms
that surround it.

Spirit

Spirit is perhaps the most fundamental aspect of magickal
reality. When Quintessence transforms from its most basic, "raw"
form into "threads," it becomes spirit. This level of reality is still
far too intangible for Sleepers to understand and experience, at
least on a conscious level. Masters term the spirit worlds created
by these threads the Umbrae. Since these Umbrae, or Shadows, are
the most fundamental level of reality any mortal can see, mages
argue that the Umbrae are the truest reality we can reach. The
physical world, they say, is merely a simplified reflection of the
spirit.

Mind
Cogito, ergo sum
(I think, therefore I am)
— Rene Descartes, Le Discours de la Methode
Mind is perhaps the least understood of these three sections

ofthe Tapestry. Some mages argue that sentience is unquantifiable
and incomprehensible, and is perhaps raw Quintessence or at least

ass. Others argue that the development of the mind is a direct
reaction to the Tapestry. Since that Tapestry cannot exist without
minds-and wills to believe in it, the argument goes, there can be
‘Ao Feality without consciousness. Still more argue that since the
concept of Quintessence is formulated by the minds of mages, the
theory that minds cannot exist without Quintessence is a hope-

The Dreamspeakers point out that this is essentially the
magickal version of the chicken and the egg, saying, "What if the
very first hen laid the very first egg, and thus the two were one?
And what if instead of sitting on the egg to hatch herself, the hen
refused, clucking: ‘Impossible! | am I! You are just an egg!' And

what if the egg then refused to hatch, unwilling to release such
silly cluck on the world? Then where would we be?" If Quintes-

sence only exists because our minds believe in it, yet our minds
cannot function without Quintessence, how did both come to
exist?

The position and importance of mind in the structure of
magick is still little understood. It's entirely possible, by magickal
theory, that the mind can conceive of, and thus create, its own
building-blocks. This debate continues, particularly among the
Masters of the Mind Sphere, who have a passionate stake in the
truth. As these Masters are fond of stating, "These matters are ill-
understood by most."

Belief and Paradigm

All she can see
Are the dreams all made solid

Are the dreams made real

All of the buildings, all of those cars
Were once just a dream

's head

— Peter Gabriel, "Mercy Street"

In somebody

Belief lies at the core of all magick. Most mages believe that
their common adage, "The flesh is willing, but the spirit is weak,"
embodies an ultimate truth. The limitations of mind, spirit or body
per se are not real. We impose our own limits, the limits of belief
For many years, Sleepers (and thus static reality) firmly believed
that man could not run a four minute mile, until Roger Bannister
ran the mile in 3:59.40 in 1954. Within two months, the four
minute mile was beaten again. in, and again. Nowall top
runners regularly beat the once-mythic mark. Roger Bannister'
belief and skill overcame a tenet of static reality (albeit a minor
one) and in so doing changed our world.

and ag

The Awakened believe that our personal beliefs shape our
actions in many ways. When Freud first discovered hysterical
paralysis, he gained some inkling of the true power of belief. This
power goes far deeper than such obvious problems, however. In
fact, belief often becomes reality. Should an individual believe
strongly enough in a particular concept (say, that he cannot open
his own front door), he isn't likely to challenge his belief. If he does
try, his muscles may grow weak. After a few ineffectual tugs, he
concludes that he was right — he can't open the door. This way,
he strengthens his own weakness.

ay

Most people cling to their beliefs as security blankets against
the great unknown. Even harmful beliefs may become cherished in
their certainty. Should enough people believe in some idea or
thing, it becomes part of static reality and the established para-
digm. What we believe shapes what we do; a man convinced
humans cannot fly is unlikely to jump off a cliff while flapping his
arms. Even if he does try, he will fall.


Static reality infuses the beings of all human mages, just as it

infuses the Sleepers' consciousness. Beliefs structure material

reality, yet that reality also structures beliefs. Each participant in
this cycle influences the others and ultimately themselves. The
Awakened, however, are better able to consciously step around

or even punch through — humanity's paradigm

Ofcourse, humanity is not the only participant in this cosmic
dance. Spirits from the Umbrae or other realities may well influ-
paradigms. The Dreamspeakers and Verbena often speak of how
the Virtual Adepts insist that techno-spirits influence the spread
of the world-wide computer web.

Although philosophical arguments concerning belief and
paradigms have filled countless scholarly texts, and will undoubt-
: that our beliefs

edly fill countless more, almost all sorcerers agr
form both our personal paradigms and the Tapestry of static
reality

The Nine Spheres

pen. She couples that will with a whole system of beliefs explaining

The successful mage does

how and why that event could and will happen. A mage's reality is
subjective, but must still be disciplined and internally consistent
When a Dreamspeaker walks the Umbra, an Akashic Brother
levitates into the air, or a Verbena conducts a blood ritual that
reaches across worlds, they succeed because they understand not
only what they do but how they must do it. The Awakened Ones
must study the forces and elements of reality to produce the

magickal

fects which change them,

To ease the formidable task of studying all possible elements
of reality, the ancient Masters divided reality into nine separate
categories — the nine Spheres of Knowledge. These Spheres
supposedly encompass all elements of reality and are the focus of
study forall True Mages. Though certain groups tend to emphasize
one Sphere over the others, all (orneatly all) Spheres are available

all mages.

Various Traditions and factions interpret the Spheres very
differently, often even using entirely different terminology and
symbols. Yet, the basic paradigm remains the same: Conception
the beginning or the Prime, focusing (or focused by) the Mind
attains substance through the Spirit and leads to form, epitomized
by the Pattern Arts of Life, Matter and Forces. From there, this
"grand idea" becomes the reality we perceive — Correspondence
and Time — before spiraling down through Entropy so that the
process can begin again.

This paradigm is by no means universal. Some even suspect
that the model for the Spheres came from the Order of Reason,

which worked through so-called "spheres of influence" over a
century before the Council's formation (See "Technocratic
Spheres," below). Nevertheless, the Spheres remain, at least for

now, a way of communicating the elements of one's Art

Chapter Four: The Ways of Magick

67


WZ" NY

\Y

The Spheres are as follow:

© Correspondence: Three-dimensional space is an illusion;
all points of space are or can be united. With this Sphere, the mage
can manipulate space and distanc

© Entropy: All things eventually make way for that which
follows in the great Cycle. With each death and re-birth, there is
new hope. Some call it decay, others Fate. Whatever name it goes
by, this Art allows the mage to manipulate the forces of probabil-
ity, disorder and destruction.

* Forces: Students of this powerful Sphere know the forces
of the elements — electricity, magnetism, fire, wind, gravity,
kinetic energy and even nuclear energy.

* Life: The Sphere of Life addresses biological patterns and
energies — incredibly complex and intricate Arts requiring care-
ful study and practice to master. Masters of this Sphere can create
and alter organic life patterns

© Matter: This Sphere covers the study of physical, inorganic
patterns. These templates, though simpler to use, are not quite as
flexible.

* Mind: The Sphere of Mind is the study of sentience. It
allows the mage to delve into the mysteries of the human brain, to
explore and to avail himself of the powers within.

© Prime: The Art of Quintessential reality; training in this
Sphere allows the mage to understand and manipulate reality in its
rawest forms, to detect, absorb and manipulate this mysterious
element.

© Spirit: To know the Otherworlds and their inhabitants, a
mystick must study this elusive and ephemeral Sphere. With it,
she may converse with the Umbrood and even enter their worlds.

© Time: This Sphere teaches that time is as subjective as
space or matter. Mastery of it allows a mage to manipulate
perception or the passage of time.

The Tenth Sphere?

In addition to the nine Spheres disc
mages hypothesize the existence of a 10th. These mages believe
that this theoretical Sphere — the missing element — can unite
the other nine and show the true Path to Ascension. Both the
ed. Each

ed above, a number of

existence and identity of this Sphere are hotly contes
Tradition has its own preferred "pet Sphere," and politics all too
often interferes with a true exchange of knowledge and theories in
this debate. Even the Static Mages have their own "10th Sphere,"
the elusive Grand Unification Theory of physics. Yet a troubling,
fundamental question remains: If all Spheres flow into one, is that
not the path to stasis or even entropy? The question is far from
resolved, and some Tradition mages may ignore it to the detriment
of all.

68 Mage: The Ascension

Technomagick

We like to think of the universe as simple and comprehensible, but
the universe is under no obligation to live up to our expectations

—Joe Primack, theorist at the University of California, Santa
Cruz

Few Technomancers can stand to hear their craft referred toas
"magick," though metaphysically that is what it is. To them, it is
advanced application of scientific principles. These principles, like
arcane Hermetic lore, are meticulously researched and refined,
then disseminated through the ranks of the Awakened and un-
Awakened alike. Through scientific journals and the popular
media, "technological advances" herald the Technocrats' new
" working them into the fabric of acceptable reality.
Thus, technomagick has a coincidental edge the mystick Arts lack.

Technocrats refer to their Effects as procedures, which re-
semble Tradition rotes. Both kinds of magick are specific feats
handed down from on high to the common mage. Some wi
among the Progenitorsand Void Engineers call procedures "spells,"
but then, these Conventions have always been known for their

"discoveries,

S

eccentric behavior. It is important to remember that although
technomagick still rearranges reality at will, to the Technocrat,
such feats are only possible through science. No such mage, no
matter how powerful, can merely snap his fingers and make things
happen. Some principle must allow it to happen.

All Technocracy magicks work through some sort of a focus.
Gadgets are the most common, though training, conditioning,
cybernetics, molecular processing, drugs and DNA alteration chan-
nel many procedures. Devices carry some potent "advances" which
are not yet acceptable under Earth's current reality. Like any other
form of Talisman, such Devices can only be used by Awakened
handlers — for now. The Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepts learned

flexibility from their mystick cousins, but often prefer to hang onto
their notions of science as magick and vice versa. Though they can
progress past the static limitations of their former allies, most do not.

Technocratic Spheres

Although they view reality and magick in very different ways,
the Council and Technocracy perform their crafts in similar ways
through nine formalized Spheres — or spheres — of reality. By
manipulating these elements, both groups get similar results.

The spheres of influence (which are not capitalized in Tech-
nocracy jargon) apparently originated in the early days of the
Order, though each one applies to some natural law, nota division
of reality. The possible link between the Conventions' spheres and
the magickal Spheres has been a source of debate for centuries, but
humans will, by nature, quantify things to better understand them.
This similarity hints at an order outside the human range or some
division of the Pure Ones themselves

Most Technocrats, however, do not recognize the Spirit
Sphere. Spirit-tech (often called "dimensional science") remains
a closely-guarded secret in many Conventions. Although each
one employs it in some way (except for Iteration X, for whom it is
forbidden), such procedures are frowned upon unless circum-
stances demand them.

The Technocracy discourages vulgar procedures; it does not do
to open the Union up to Paradox ot discovery by the Masses. Showy
Effects are only used in isolation or under extreme circumstances,
and Devices are protected at any cost. Infractions are punishable by
fines, revocation of equipment, imprisonment or worse.


[YA

=


-ssaupeut ay payreds aeyp yafqo aya uMop Sure
SdajOaut UdYo IaINg) & BuIdeosy ,"W]EaY Wea, peur sy apIsut
pay[}{ uaaa Jo papunom aq Avur siazesoa pue ‘U0 snorafuep &

si snorosuoagns eyoisew ayy out dun siyp "uny anosas pue An 01
advaspunu e ou! 08 Aew Aayp ‘}]am axaydg puryy ay? Mouy spurt
saplishuy aya J] "surewiar ur{qoSqoy ayp sa8u0] ap ‘a8eur ayp 193
"ons oyp {(sugo3qoy paj]e> sawawos) suoneUToN]eY pesishyd
umeds siamgy awiog "]Jom se say punose asoy2 soy UaYyO pu
— ypriskw ays soy Yst|foy st auaLadxa ayp ‘em sayy "Appoinb
ino fast 10m AULT JO ‘9UI BuO] & ase] UED ssoUPeUI sty L

{WB 10 asoIpuess MOY JOeU OU ‘PHO FEUIAIUT UMO SY
Jo OAR} Ut ainptey pue UOLeNISNYy Jo Aateas }eUsAIXa atp SIDafax ay
‘uredyy "reInY 4019 01 aBeur ayp asni
pu sassans apisino sayAO ‘soTwaUa su UL ssaUpeU Jo adAa sty

> ose ued saanysey punojoxd

Bujqvar9 ul saztpetsads 9p PHOA\ MAN aUp ‘s19YI0 UT (aDUALaYIP
OU dyeUI 01 se e]HUNTS OS SUIYaUHOS 40) JaINZ) asned UeD y>ISeUI
pulyy Jo suonestdde jnpamog ‘anes Ajo ayy sueau ou Aq st
qY? ANg aing) Jaiua o7 aseu w asned ued YseP{req XopeIeg

"azayadury "sists
sty {[eruap jo areas azaaas sty UT "aNZy se UMOUY areas JOYDAsd
doap & siaiua adeu ayy *Ajaiajduios 21 asoy wey soyper Anpeas

2 wey UO AyUO dup st Antpeas

UAO sty OUI AjaINUA IwaNAI Oo ase ay? asne> UD WsIy>Ds SUL
-jnsoa aya ‘aresedsip 002 Moss s9o40j SUNDYUOS Oa asaya UY
‘UMO SIY pIsaq saluTeaz JaYIO jo aouaIsIxa ay SurAuap Ajjenpess
Aq j]9811 spuajap snorssuoagns s,odeu aya ‘aun aures ay IY "ses
Suryenb e ur zavem ayy] Pur sty UIyM aderaquaaas sajddus oy f,
"ASiaua Xopeseg Jo UONE[NUINDDe JenpeAs ay2 Woy sINID0 a>uaLE
-adxa ued adeui & IYYUOS JaUUT JNeUINEN Isour atp sdeysag

Jong

(ays
aaydeyg 99g) ‘farjaquy) Jo 9010) awosame ayp pur ‘siutds ‘swyay
Samgy‘asewep jeaishyd ‘smpy.y apnjursis9yo-ojddis uowWoD,

YONG "Japsaum punod-g6 ev SuNYysy
vI]WO punod-ggg v se aus ay aq [Jaa IYSIUT ape stya Butsoy
Aue a1 op ues ay 1eUp sasisur WEIpesed s,a8vur

Jo 1aya ayy ‘Av
yp pue ‘a1q10 wy payjnd ag 1ouULs UoOW ayp IYBp sareas Aarear
Jensuasuoo yy ,:Aarpqtpar9,, sty paysions ypriskur sup sey Moy UO
Surpuadap ‘Ar1s9Aas ur Auwa syeyar Aat[e94 YoNs Jo s1999 94 L

‘yaypto wiry uodn 39949 ou
Jo 9p1ay] aavy [Jam x94 aYsIU Xopeseg ‘4992108 ay UO IDeduNT OU
pey Aurpear pensuasuos gj ae]d asiy ayp ut stsaya asayp sasnes Apna
Agyeag ones ay YALA i1YUOD PeUIDIUL UMO s,a8eUE aya 9AI1]9q
Auew aya udats Bursuadans aq 10U pjnoys sdejs Aaypeaa Jo 1999
aiwudordde ayy ,:pjojoasya noX 01 suumas op nos s9arrvy,\,,
suonnes euaqia", atp 10f Uoseas SuLspapun ayp A[paiqnopun st
styp Suangod ur sh sadaye op aa avy, "Wap pasned rey yo1Bew ay
uo paseg uayo pur areipauuun ‘jeuosiad are s12aya xopeseg

"Jood & Jo a2RpINs ayp ssoude sayddis ay}
santear quaaiaaip ay jo aedur ayy "aim ayy oiut paurueys
sey sa190108 ayp ‘Ay]n4aoea ul Sutarp jo pearsuy "sauny arya UMOP

xopereg sasned

uolsuadsy ay] :ase yy OL

stue]s puey syar aya uaym ssamoud peorskyd sty siqnop sa]Asa1m
pauuid e se asnf yarjaq sty ut yey ajay] & asvay_1e soso] 40199108
yp ‘aouassa Uy "IT Woy siayns ay ‘yoeU Surpsaim ey saso]
auoauos J9AauaYy A "Aalpear EIS YALA Yo-pueas sty aso} ApTeL
-oduray 0) a8eut ayp sasnes jayjaq ut asdey Areuawow & U9Ag

S]O9JJF] xopejegd

"sid9y9 s,xopereg Jo soajaswuatp proxy
Ajanua aaey 02 umoUy saeur auesou are aay pue ‘"J9AdMoY

‘eonaioayp AyuO st Rap! si] "Kopereg woy jjasuy aay snya
pur Aat]eaz jo suordasuosaid pauresut sty jose] ay Jo yjasuty pur
aeur e ues Yyurgad pue Yeap-o8a punojosd Bursuatiadxa ysnomyp
Aquo wey wIE]D Ady] "TIA INOA YIA\ 9UO aUIODAq 01 SI XOpEIeg
Woy J]asU0 2axy 02 AEA AJUO ay ELD azHOAIYA SyDHIsAw aWIOS
-uoninjoaa yons

aui02]9¢M 02 YBNOUA asin

aq dew Anuyur peunzg ay ‘aSuey> ou ‘yamoss ou st a19yp ‘sayse
yonsanoypt jy 19430302 aut0D sare|d-Arypeaa SuLayrp a19ya sayenb

By}

-ypuea ay] asue aDIyUOS pue xopereg uayp ‘are s1uOIVAI v se
Anean peatshyd aamord am jj "Aat]ea2 Jo sured Surmos3 ayp aq Aja19u1
Aewi xopereg ‘os J] {Ypmoxs pue wstueUAp Jo} auN ayp st MoU
sdeysag jAaun aiajduzoo jo siseas pue Aryndas ay spaau s93Uo]

ou aouassg peumig ayp sdeysag "a10u1 99u0 a]oYym aq 02 saysiM
aw aya awNsse Or asIMUN s} a} IeYA UOLINED sadeu MaMa}
pure siayiorg o1yseyy auog "evap! pood e st siya IYI PaouTAUOD
st UOAIAAA JOU ‘SUG aU Jo UONIYIUNaY v Yaas sAsIPEUOINIpEA |,
Auew ySnowpyy ‘J]9si1 aueyp Jo ano mosd uaaa AvuI XOpeeg

‘goanos s01191x9 AUR WO se jJasLTY
Seu aya Woy Yon se autos 02 sui9as XOpEILY ‘aBeUT ay UO SID
1eYp PHOM ay OU say "yfastuTY saBuLyo ay ‘Burop os uy ‘pjiom ayp
saSueyo Ajperuaumepury ay ‘Annsade | aya uo []14\ sty sasodury aBeu
Udy A "Uaup|!yp 1aBUNo4 UMOp YouY or SuIaIEM AT]NG preAyooyps
autos 10U st XOpereg "Aaro1 [duns S11 Ur ay]-PI!Yp st Xopeseg Jo MIA
siup fasiaarun ayy wou wawystund jeusarxo ue st Yseppeq siya
ay aaatjaq AjuayeasTU UDO pauayeary Amu aL] YISeUT LOM
sjeuou Surasasap Anan Ajuo yey ainsua o1 yA X\ ayp Aq pautis

-ap asai B st Xopeaeg IY azisaypoddy sadeut sYIO "seuG ang
ay Jo pay ruatoue ue ut pareu}s}0 xopereg Jey sadew AWG
paapul snonuar st suompery, aya Uaaaiag UAWODIZE
sitp ySnowpye ‘and90 si9aya asaya AYR pue MOY 02 se UAUIAAIZE
aWOS Ose SI a1ay] "JaduEp IuRISUOD e SI XopeIeg IY daIBe
say Jo SUIS anna ay AaAaIVYA\ "ISIX9
sauoayp Aueut ang ‘uaddey saysepjaeq yons AYA smouy auO ON
pooasiapun {jump Ajuo are 99 sty Jo suISLI0 pur asned ay |

saBew |[e ,‘sdeps Aarpeay,

"xopping — 191jUO9 IY jo UOHRISapIURU YA Aq PaLU|ayAUDAE
aq Aeu ays ‘aieur aya ueyp e8uoNs aaoid Ayyear Ines pinoyg
uO o1eIS ay UO Aa!TeaI UALO Jay asoduun 02 sidu91
Av age ev ‘ppom ayp uodn yorseyy anay BuPpom
ayy 'Sansa1 xopexed e ‘apryjoo sanatyeas uy A
17pBig fo ay ayy ‘yor uruefuag —
"21.01 Sunprowos ag 2ySiu
auayp yun 01 puar | ‘Bunpawos sup av sau06
ays fi :Kapsquos ayp amy ‘oc 01 ay 40f Say] poor
Kpwnanang y pauiaas Kyeans soy soxokag fo a01apv ay
Sumojof ng "10s ay fo SunpCuv Sundwanv suvso
aut pasiapy sauokag unmisa9 "vapy ayp fo pjor Suraq uC

XOPe.Ieq

lWA


‘

IL plseyy jo skeyy, ayy «Nog Jaadeys

"sesuny uodn woop Sursuq
a1ojaq jNpanod ApBurzewe autosaq ued aew pnod e YSnoypye
‘uaisesip 02 spea] Uaxyo Aptis yong "saanprey [pews w9as adaose
40 a8pajmouyse o1 Ait]Iq!Xay [eUONOW. Jo JEUAUE ay? sey 193]
OU shiny 02 squINsoNs OYA aBeUL Y "Yeo ayp se IOU ‘MOTI ay?
sB aq 01 saydiosip z1oyp Wem siaiseyy 21YseyVy ‘Uosear sip 104

"ysy]es pur jyeurs
1 Buryew Yordew s1ojoo suqn} ‘aanvedsiad pauarystyua say aso]
Avui aBeus ayp ,,‘saseajay ssaid,, umo 194 Suraarjag "uins pur ssou
-Ysyj]9s ‘spaap |!Aa "xopeseg Jo asnea Sutpeay e — 22uapyuoss9A0
01 sped] SLL "TYBLE Woy sayeu iomod say rtp aaarfaq OYA
sdaxJ0m]] 144 Sozeus Yoryas apiad Surudaazdao— sugny aq ued aseut
pur yo1deu usaaiaq UoR equ} aU Jo 3D9H9 snoIaBUEp IUG,

jsaouanb

-as¥oo aya 1dasde 07 BUY]LA 94,04 ains axeW ‘op NOA JaArEyR
sssaaoid-ut-urosso]_v aq 0 steadde aoueuosay ‘suoneisajueut
JO sasned Sit JaAMYA\ ‘SOUT YoNs UF Surat Jo YUIyD 01 93]
1,Uop asnf sxayO ayp JI Jopuom saeur iadswnd19 OU ,999q
aoueuosay,, siya Ia{a1 syHsku AueUE YZNoY] "sluednds0 WHI
-S8uo] s194pp JOT oy AdUaptiaA v IGIYXd 02 199s ‘00 ‘SWI|LDY
"anyypeq []}A\ Uy 49y weYR Ajax!] a10W pue — Anypear
212828 aUIODIAAO 02 aSEUL aL 40} [HYIP BOUL St ay wage UE YoNs
Jo saidiaua ay Yai saysey> xoISeur say jt ‘AJasiaauod "paasons

01 Ajayt] 910Ur Jay sayeU TUaUTUOAIAUA STYDAsd ayp pu y>1eU
ay uaaaag aoueuosas ayp *(aotdsoy auatoUe Ue Ie SuTeDY B SUL
-durone Aes) vare zejnonued v Sursnyut sa13saua ayp yim sareuosas
ey yore sy10m ase e UdY,A\ "BaIe IeE YSNosLp ssed sare] OYA

siayio 1daye YOY saoysa Sunse]-Suo] aavay ues syuaAe MewNEN

Jo sjeavaydn o1yadsd Suns 1ey) WHE]D 194Iq Jo sug pu eUDqIaA
JO Jaquinu & "AIMOP ‘eDUAISIXA JO sIDadse ]]e OIUT spuaIxXa
aouLUOsaY stya Jey MOY SurusI2U0 aeqap Yyonur st azayL,
"pls S108 s9A9dU pue A[Moys Aa9A
sae Aypeuou ‘ajdurexa 10} ‘ayt"] Jo laaseyy y "@2uBUOSaY Jo a2Uap
91 Ajqearasur oya
‘saraydg Jo staiseyy ayp 01 UtOd ‘zaAamoy ‘sade Aue "WAI ZOYs
aya UL a[qiudosip Appear aq OU AeUL doUEUOSAY SIU Jo sIZa}9
SYLL "yo!ew ayp tain sxauy] Jay joarg e pue yjasiay saBueyp Ayper
-uatuepuny ays ‘"amiod say Suipjaim Ag [Jom se Joy sIDaye yoISeut

-1n9 sv ‘hem autos ut saz9ydg sures asoyp 22

yey Prsew Joy tpIM pyom ap sioaye oSew e se asnf wey sareas

aoueuosay Jo Ayr ay_L "wimras UF pardaye SuIaq InOYHN asya
SurypAue so suoAue YIM ieIAIUT UeD SuTOU pue aUO ON
vasyung fo partyyy Y "UINDy] "y EINSI —

aopoys » 1809 01 st aypuDd v 1y8x 0] **-4amod

wy ‘snosaBunp st 1 "pyom ays fo aouyjog ayn ayDys uv> SuruoU

uns pup SwiSupyo fo samod s,puvriy\ y "wnuqymby w ‘2oupng ur

St pHom ay. | 190 YR UO MoTOf [IM j1Aa Puv poo3 1VYM mouy Nok joUN
‘puns fo uma auo ‘ajqgad auo ‘Bunp auo auvyo ou isnu nox

SLIGn]] pue soUeUOSae

"auepunu
pur yeysideur yiog ‘assoarun ayp jo souaaskw ay OI! aajap 01
a}qe st ays Ajtpeas azow ayp sup pur sassassod ays arary joqunowe
at zaieasd ayp ‘adeu penpraipur ue Ur sTUaWa]a asoyp JaBUONs oy |,
aiaay ssassod Ayn wereayy pauayeay ue pue Aarpead pjow or |]!
snorosuos ayp ‘yJas/o3a Suons e QuauTUArystua ssassod OyM spe
-nplarpur 39a] 9s soup APUG "UaxEAy Ju Ajdus waUUDIYs! UD
AnoYPIA TIM Burssassod asoyp jo smeWay yp ‘9sIN09 JO

mary 49Yy WO
02 auIqUIOD |]1M Jo YaSuaNs Joy pue IaUTUAIYsITUE jo JaA9] 19y
‘Ueaeay pouaxemy slaz9ou0s & jo yasuians ay] "Yrseyy an] YOM
01 Japio ur arary Jo aaaBap autos aseay 2 ssassod asnuu sa8ew [TY
11! pouarystqua s,a8ew e se pauyap aq Aew arany wu) ay

Ipo1y
JS [eyo1Sew pue perow ayy Uaaaag Aepdaoqut
ay) pur aeeay ays jo syadse ayy spreiap omy saidey) "2]93

aq ued >>13ew Jo JENUAIOd ][Ny ay? a1ojaq aueMe pu Paudyeary
aq asnut jJag Yushyy ayp ‘aseo Aue UT "EIA a2 asuas or

sy SMO]]E Wey o1SeU st a1 Yay 10 Yo!TeUL Asn 01 UOSIAd B smo]
Je ereay ayp sayIaYM anoge aaasestp systasuu ‘skemye sy

suoisua

sy Jenqudad pure
quswIUAYs!UD SuIUTIUOD 2 49y Ped] []}A 2DUep siUp ‘Aq[NYDdOH

aouep xajduiod & UL JayZO ay YAM sIeIAIUT IDadse Yo" "19M
you
oma 10 stutds oma Jjasioy UNM sey aU PauayeMYy Yo

ARQJLAY OY

11 se ‘Queyoad pur ouIAIp ayp Jo ‘feuow ay pue ze: apis

jsSuruayemy say Aq P
Aqjemaoe are soruarydoziyss Auew Moy sMouy OY,\ "suoIssosdumt
Jo apn Surmpayauaao ue o2 speay |]! anoYLM ssausno!9suOD !o1eIs

euinen A[peq sadeu jenuarod

siya ur padden saajaswayy puy Aew Suruayeay ayy pueisyan
02 BUTUHEAS 10 |]LM DU NOY asoy J, "sy puNose s]99j puk $998 MOU
ays pom jo asuedxa Sunayng ‘Surjsias yp out Aa1Peo4 WO, 194

joaueydite pasojaua ayy woy (aq Avr ase ayp se sajquinas 10) sdvay

[enpraipur pouayemy Aju ayy ,Buypejoayy,, se Buruayeray jo

WUAOU aU 01 19}91 SAMITIAWIOS S9UG MOTJOH] "(OM, JadeYL 99
uayemy isiy asntu uO ‘Aat]ea4 Jo auMIeU ANN ay aatao4ad OL

Surusyeany

"sSuruutgag sit ur payeaaar st

aameu ann asoym aguarsixa ajqusai Apuerpes pue
THyAneag Apysrey e st ayt] saseu y-ray ased pue
soy ySnomyp YoY Noy ue UTYRTA sat] a] "99U9
Aasixa s,a8eur e Jo ioadse A19Aa s10]09 yo1sey,

40g paar] | wyA\ Puy
‘paar | 2494 \\ ‘wappoAy ‘neDI0Y,| praegy AzuD}] —
"aay aq 01 St anfom aq OL

qnoisuamg ‘s1]esoN —

unaip am typ ueraxp am way BuntaxDm 409U 21D 2/4,

CE SA\|

N

9Se A) OYJ PU YOISe|)


Gj 4 4 Tt
Sd uo _+!2 7

——

uolsuadsy ay] :aseyy 7

‘warp punoxe pjiom o1eis ayp 01 aDalqns |]Nas axe Aayp ‘aameU
ajqeayew ‘ann s,Aryjear jo azeme asoul zy are pauayemy ayn
yBnowpyy "wnnowa e ut saat] apnereyy & UAAd IU ‘UO ON

"wopaayy WNUNXeL ssoUpeU IWeUAP Jay SMOT]E YOTyA areas
ssausnolostoo Apamn ue our dijs 07 saajasuiayp SuLMoyye ">1seUL
01 yseordde soey> uaz aya 01 aquosqns osje siopneseyy Jo 19q
aunu y *(snoasneu Ajaauens jaay Aewi sassed ays asoup Ysnoypye)

sreaddesip yorishw ayp ey snoapry os smouB JURA azezIg sIyp [UN
santuadsqo IIWOA pue Ysaj UAL Jay ssode s]reU Jay MEAP "MEALS
‘ung 02 urBaq Aew qoans A119 & YBNoIp a]qistAuT puke IATIs Aon
AOU 01 SAYSIM OYMR JapNEIeYY Y "YNsar ay2 Jo) SuoIm suI9—s

skempe Suppiom 219

a3eur raypo ay!]UN IeIp st ysIeU stay
ur Ayeuounuos Ajuo ay ‘aquosap A[nua or ayqissodun are su
Slopnexeyy aup ‘sa1atyeas pew stayp ut pauooseg ‘siapnereyy ay Jo
soeyp piny ay? 02 aseIUOD yDaNIp UI axe ipULYdaN JaIseU-aaLys aya
Jo siouiay Jena pu sainaor parejnoyed ApBurAoy asowpe YL,

Jarseut sty 02 pooyg ay? SuUZayo asojaq wATY aTYaP
pure pay aues 2ey2 09 ppryp jpetus e azn] aysrU snpuEYday & ‘azpa
-JMOUY J9Y ued 02 ss9ppoy ays o7 SuNT]eo a!yM susaed paises
UI spaas s92IB9s IYSIU BUDqUaA ¥ a1ayA\ ‘apMatAsas AiSUNY-1aMod
sqanuo siyp oypa ‘sy>13eur s1ayp ‘sya!]9q s9Up pu ‘siaaseU sep aAsa9s
souQ UaT]ey ay J ‘sew sayO Jo IY URL IUAJayIp AjqeurseUTUN
asowye 421] PW pue
ipueyday ay] "saat say Jo Yon Joy Ar!peax aseq aUuEs ay paoua
-uadxa Ajjensn asea] 8 avy S1ayYLOMI]IM aso] "xed SUL Atayp

4 & (Jo ino 40) OUT days AYO siapr

swioy ayp Usaaaaq pur SUYY s19yp YOM sasiew AdeI90UYDa | pu
uommpery shea ayp usasaq sooudsaystp Aputers9> ase 2194,

asussow s19yr01q

sty 2e saueas ay se U9aI3 AppoIs & sMo|s aouy sadapy ay, "usd
sase] v yatn adope 02 swi998 9uOAIa Aa JawwAds TupeYs ayp UI susonIed
14
jena, utp Aynjured
"'squoq, sy UL paa.eo

ayp ssouoe seadde 03 urs
pue

aq sprom ‘Aye

udaIds AY? SsOIDE pa

> swuaned yeoey sv sayoiea adap

ayp ‘doidey paraneg sty 19A0 Surpuag
are Aayp quatoue os suaMed yorskw UF des pas yep spaaiq 9a22
JoIsa2Ue aU Se SIAMSUE sty saAtadaI ULUIEYS aU sanb sty ur But
»

F

pare:

"Addoy ¢°¢ sty Jo aoejins onsejd uray ayp uo siayzo1q
p siy jo saureu ay Suryor9 ‘6 | Ww UA!DUe Bu]a9y Idapy [eMUIA,
9a)

ong

s-JeonuAD ay J ** "WNT EID O2 Jas ased sty Joy TunIHe.
ue SI Jo 1001 94 Uodn 191M snoroaid jo [nywued pasnseatt t

101899
qno Suunod ‘eyensny ul ueUTEYs ay] stapIsuOD "rep!UISsIp 9100
2q 1,upjnos 41 inoge oF Aayp skem Ady pue IDeIUOD Ady stds
yp ang ‘ssoys 29e1U0 01 MOY MOU YOg Av "D'qq ‘UOIUTYsEAA,
aseayanos ur dn aai3 oy pry zy adapy ent, e pue xoeq'nE,
uelpensny atp ur paster pue wiog ueweys 1axvadsueaig y

"Apuazayyip A1aa y>13euL 29y Jo sty suUO}Iad Ype—a ‘san
eUOUNUIOD UTeII99 aeYs sadeUL apy ‘snyp Ss

ou ays wy Woy
S3om 19190108 y "wStpered Aayjea Umo say Wada ‘s}a1Jaq JOY sIDaYE
ur saat] pue dn mas3 soyzomyM e nayrU pemNy]Nd JArrey
"sy ney uM
soy "Watp YIM sa
pur ‘Aem oures ay yonwu aze pause

224g pue spoyrau ayp adeys yadxa
xa say Aue Aayp ‘Bulag Layo Aue ay]
eM ay ‘spaads Susueys-

uated

2e JNO Yea OU! pur Jo Jo Sursunog sa]stued jo weans SutAow
Apueasuoo e st asiaarun atp ‘shea Aue UT "tpjeay pue ssouT]!
‘smioossse]> ‘uaur plo Aunp ‘

uua8a]_UegAN ‘poo} isvy ‘sadAaoas918

Jemngyn9 ‘seapr :39e2U09 Aayp auoAaAa puke SurypAsona Aq paroaye
U
Vv

Wing UT aze pue IDaYe SIB19010s pu "ars AvA\-IUO v.19AdU St AIT]
"suonejas 1u1s09 Jo young Apeig atp Woy 2} axe Aayp ‘ssouare,

pue Suruayemy jo spuog jesiaatun atp aeys sadew ysnoyyy

SOATS JOISeW)

ae

7

Foci

Foci are objects, mantras, rituals, dances, etc. which allow a
mage to concentrate her Avatar's power and her own will. Aptly
named, foci help Awakened Ones focus more intensely upon their
own reality. Such items or activities are not magickal in their own
right, but essentially props to help mages access their Art. The
newly Awakened need such items more than most, for their
inexperience often leaves them unable to produce magickal Ef-
fects without a focus.

Different magickal styles and Traditions encourage varying
types of foci. A Cult of Ecstasy groupie might find wild dancing a
perfect focus for Spirit magick, while a Dreamspeaker might use
his rain sticks. There are also a number of mages, including
Technocracy hacks, Virtual Adepts and Sons of Ether, whom
willworkers classify as Technomancers. These Techno-Merlins
focus their magick through technology and often benefit because
the current static reality accepts gre
readily than those with no

t "technological" feats more
rational" explanation. Yet, these
mages often risk relying so heavily on their foci that they become

magickally crippled without them. Regardless of culture or orien-
tation, foci are always most useful when they mesh well with a
mage's magickal style and the local paradigm.

Although all mages find foci helpful from time to time, most
prefer not to rely on such items. Large foci, such as a Verbena's
cauldron, are not easily portable, and others are so unwieldy they
slow the speed with which the mage works magick. A Virtual
Adept may need to compose a few lines of computer code, for
example, while an Euthanatos may paint a skull upon her face.
Different foci — similar results. Alll three are inconvenient if one
is dodging bullets.

Some mages rely on unique items, which derive much of their
"power" simply from a personal connection. The sorcerer can
invest these foci with some measure of her personal Resonance,

using them asa safeguard or a reserve. These personal foci are often
more potent than more generalized ones, but the connection to
the willworker also makes them tempting magickal crutches. Ifthe
sorcerer loses that focus, she must often relearn the Sphere in
question before she can wield its power again.

Talismans,
Devices and Fetishes

Talismans are inanimate items which evoke very specific

magickal Effects, Arts wrapped into an item during its creation
and fueled by stored Quintessence. Classical Talismans include
magickal swords, rings, dust and even tattoos. Mysticks of great
ability craft such things to deliver magick on command or to allow
other less-powerful mages to use Arts beyond their learning.
Talismans generally work only for Awakened beings. Any Sleeper
who attempts to use, say, a Talisman wand is merely waving astick
around

Talismans require a great expenditure of time; knowledge,
effort and often craftsmanship on the creator's part. They're
unique and sometimes dramatically powerful items; in modern
times, such treasures are precious and very rare. Technocratic
Devices are more common; these weapons, scanners, portals and
even vehicles harness technomagick to "operate" on a higher level
of technology than any mundane item allows. These Devices often
require special skills to utilize.

Fetishes are powerful magickal aids for those who know the
ways of the spirits. Unlike Talismans, fetishes do not derive their
power from stored magicks; rather, they contain spirits who have
been bound through some means intoa material object to perform
some limited service. Most fetishes have only one power, although
some have as many as two or three. Because fetishes are actually
spirits harbored in matter, they often have their own preferences
and peculiarities. Many consider them more trouble than they are
worth.

Conclusion:
The Continued Quest

From the time they first Awaken, all mysticks must seek their
own Path towards further enlightenment and understanding. All
too often, the neophyte simply prostrates herself at the feet of her
seemingly-omnipotent teacher and begs for knowledge. She pic-
tures herself a sponge, easily soaking up the wisdom it took her
mentor a lifetime (perhaps many lifetimes) to accomplish. Yet
magickal enlightenment cannot be learned secondhand and most
definitely cannot be learned through another. Witness the Or-
phans who manage to find their own way through the pitfalls of
Awakening.

What good is a mentor if she cannot simply instruct the new
mage on how to do to further her understanding and skill with
magick? The Verbena often tell their apprentices the following
story to explain the mentor's role in aiding the student:

Imagine you stand now at the brink of a rushing, treacherous river
of great beauty and sudden depths. Only through crossing this river can
yousee the enlightenment you seek, only by crossing can you taste of its
sweet knowledge. No one else can cross the river for you. Only you can
take that Path, but your mentor may point out the stones which you can
step during your journey. The trek may still be treacherous, and it must
be made alone. But atleast by listening to your mentor, you can see the
correct path. It is still up t0 you to make the journey.

Chapter Four: The Ways of Magick 73

Vly


Ss

Book Two: The Spirit /

The Mad One

how is it, do you think, to have your brain yanked out your nose?

i sing the embodied scream, tremors gone sallow and wings flown low on
sweetberry justice. do i confuse you? good. that makes two of us, and only if
i'm hiding from myself.

did you think as you saw into my pretty brown eyes that i would
stand to be wiped from your porch like a stain of something best left
hidden? did you think that in some vast corner of my shattered life i
could even forgive you for leaving me alone to face my screams?
did you think it wouldn't matter when the pain began? or did

you think i wouldn't notice? wae

* how is it, do you
think, to be a salted slug
dissolving slow enough to hear
your own skin popple and fizz? did it
anger you, when the grains fell
from heaven like a final
night and melted
through your flesh
like razors, or
did it make
you happy
not to
have to
deal with me?

i'm free now, you see, and i whisper like'piss in
a corner and cobble up phantoms to tease you. »
how does it feel to be the bad man, to he ga
the sad man? a
it doesn't. it doesn't feel at all.



Y
i

Chapter Five:

Basic

Rules

Rebels learn the rules better than the rule-makers do. Rebels learn

where the holes are, where the rules can best be breached. Become an

expert at the rules

Then break them with creativity and style.

Kristine Kathryn Rusch, The Rules

Conflict: Battle

Clarissa shook her head; the enemy mage's blow
had left her ears ringing. Kobie grabbed the intruder
but dropped him as he felt a searing pain. The man
turned on Kobie and laughingly reached out to take a
clump of the singer's dreadlocks in his hand

"No!" Clarissa screamed, fearful not just for the
sanctity of their haven but for her mentor's life. She
pulled the gun from her purse

a weapon she seldom
drew, much less used —and quickly fired three shots. The bullets went
wide, ricocheting off the exposed steel beams of the warehouse, flying
wildly at first, then suddenly striking the intruder's back. Screaming in
pain, he released Kobie, who stood and seized the man's neck in an iron
grip

"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't snap your goddamn
neck, death mage." He shook the man. "Tell me!"

The mage gave a short, pained laugh, a few drops of blood
gathering at the comer of his mouth. "Because I'm only doing what I'm
supposed to do," he said. "Word had gotten out that you and your little
chickadee there had b
were true." He cou

n going astray. I just came to see if the rumors
d. "I'm delighted to see that all is well."

Kobie growled and tightened his grip around the Euthanatos'

throat. Clarissa's hand on his shoulder stopped him

"Let him go, Peter. Please. Just because we do things differently
doesn't mean we're right."

Staring at her, Kobie dropped the mage, who quickly scrambled
off. Clarissa shuddered as she saw something dark and cold flicker in her
mentor's eyes. The same warm brown eyes that had once looked at her
with nothing but the sheer joy of a creator now reflected envy and
frustration.

Chapter Five: Basic Rules 17

q

SS

Zn

HH

Scam


ay
das nod sv ways asp] "uNOD9e Iu SuMIAs xajduod sip Jo sayqeusea
om

jd ay "Anod
Apex soumauios

aya ayer [as 194 ‘duns aq 02 sajna asayp pausisap av

Surya oyp st ‘pies auvadsoyeyg se

uoos Sus] pue SuTUIA 4xaIU09 sy UT

‘suiequnow! aaou! ued aM SpOMoUTEY IeyA UTYAIN anq_‘sauors
Seypasn{are soors asoyp et Jaquiati10} IUEMOdU sa] "wealpe

aiva19 am — punojord a1ow Surppatuos yst{dwoos" am ‘9AaM0y

Sujeaa mau stu Suyseys Uy "9]!Y4 v 10} pom UMo sno Woy adeoso
am ‘pom Areurseut ue ovr SuUaUa Ag "ASojouAU wHapoUr
pue quaururejajua jo UoeUTGMIOD v are sates BuIT]a14101g
"pom Areurseunr
ue dn ajqqoo 01 sayieZ01 ysom ,sadnon,, yong "srorsoqe|joo
aue Aol — sauesioape 10U aie 49] }91440Ig pue sI9Aefd ‘souaUIOS

[]92 02 paey aq Aer ar YBnoypyy "asixe siaiseIeYD asoyp YT ul
pliom ayp dn sias uayjaxAsoag at payye> ‘sadejd saypouy "ase stp
Uy saSeur WapoUL ‘s1a1DeILYD Jo afos ay UO 9x23 sIdAEId oWIOg
sto4vjd AJuo — s19s0] 40 s19UULA\ OU
av d19Y]J, "19A010} UO S908 IeYp apo!UOIYD o¥!]e19do deos ‘Burpua
-I9A0U v 40 ‘929]dUIOD 03 sUOISss a]dIy]NUU Sayer TY ,so1N9s-1UIW,,
Buo] v ‘sinoy aay v Ayuo Buryea ‘uo UoYs v aq Wed Asors BuLAeydayor
Y ‘atuoy 08 sxaAejd ayp so spud Atos ayp saysta UN Bu108 sdaay

1 ‘suvas Wes ay 2dUG "IUa.OYIp AJa19]dwWoo aue Uaaamoy ‘sous
Burpjor410ag "4940 st owes aup pure JULIA auf, se tea 10 Jake

B aUYap RAID UTELIAD — UTM, 01 padeyd are sauted Iso

sha Sd

uorsuaasy ay] :aseyy 8L

AI Sauazy ‘oyjapueng 1817] —

1 Sutaes 10 11 Fumowy mnoyno ‘pawn os ssoupout

ano aa 07 2avy IMI NOG 40f Cos Kuo we | -Kpomb &4a0 1 op | pur {2104
or urUpPU ayy 190 UND | asND9Aq :UaMLApUAB "PaunD WD |

‘uonsafi

Suypo|A1o,g pue sone

*(BuyporAs0ag
mMoge iow 30} UaArg saxdeyD ag) "MopuIM oy? INO OF

sa]na oy Jt a]q41xaY 198 01 paredard aq ang ‘ayo am suraashs ayp Aq
paurensuos [994 1,U0q ‘satuodaq aUIeS Anos aregap 02 Uado a10UL
aup ‘sajna aya uopuege nod a1ow ay — pause ag "yj aas No' se.
woyp asn soensqe Arad ase sajna ano ‘shy, "sonsneas pue seys
ueya quezodutt o10Ur st A10Is 4p sh O |, "SsdULC] Jo PHO, 24 JO
aungxoa ap a9a}jau Aayp pue ‘sauUes UMO Ano UNL Or ay!] 9M KEM aU

Wi9a08 AdYL "ued your ayy Joy sUOTasaBZns axe

Na asoy,L
ayqissod sv Suinsae aay se
Yat soured anod aping 02 ‘Aq Avjd 02 sojna Jo UOHNDaI98 e NOA UDAIS

aaom ‘adeyy yatA\ "UNy ays jo Avm oY UL 198 syUSWINSIY ,,j007
UY, «JOU WY, .iPeep a4,No4 jsueg jsueg,,
NO "UO S908 YA INoge YNUL oor BuINxe inoYEN (jA]]NJadoy)

auass ay? MoU

awed oyp areys 02 s19dejd jo dnoss e Moye aeYp sajna sey It ‘sours

[Je 24] ‘owes v st ‘Kjodouoyy 40 apug ‘[Jeqayseq a>] +

aS

Time

Time is as good a place to start as any. These are five different

ways to describe divisions of time in Mage games, progressing from
the smallest unit to the largest all-encompassing one.

¢ Turn — One unit of time within a scene, anywhere from
three seconds to three minutes in length. A turn is enough time to
take one action (discussed below).

© Scene — One compact period of action and roleplaying
that takes place in a single location. A scene takes as few or as
many turns as are necessary

© Chapter — One independent part of a story, almost always
played in one game session, made up of scenes connected by
periods of downtime.

* Story
and climax, that often takes several chapters to complete.

A complete tale, with an introduction, buildup
© Chronicle — A whole series of stories connected by the
lives of the characters and perhaps a broadly conceived theme and
plot; the ongoing story your troupe creates.

Dice Rolling

Mage requires a few 10-sided dice, which you can buy in any
game store. If you're the Storyteller, you'll want plenty of dice all
to yourself. Players use fewer dice. The system we use is a pretty
simple one. Although it seems complicated at first, the basis of

these rules is simpl

* Your character has a certain amount of dots in each of
her Traits (see below). These dots reflect how good she is at certain
things. When you (or, more precisely, your character) take an
action, you roll one 10-sided die for every dot she has in the Trait
or Traits she's using.

© You'll want to roll a certain amount of succes
accomplish things. A success is when you match or exceed a
difficulty number; this difficulty, which your Storyteller usually
tells you, is a number between 1 and 10 which reflects how hard
the task is. The higher the difficulty, the harder the task.

s to

¢ The modifiers may add or subtract from this target
number or from the amount of dice you roll. A +1 difficulty,
therefore, adds 1 to the number you must match. Adding one to
your die pool gives you another one to roll.

© — The more successes you roll, the better your character
did; if you don't roll any, she failed. If you gain negative successes
ee below), she screwed up, and may suffer the conse-

quences.

That's it. The rest is all variations on this basic idea.

Actions

In Storytelling games, playe
versations and describe that chara
Anactioncan be anything from jumping across a gorge to glancing
back to see if anyone is following. The player simply tells the
Storyteller what her character is doing and how.

act out their characters' con-
ter's actions to the Storyteller.

Many actions are automatic: walking across the street toward

the warehouse, for instance. All the

Storyteller needs todo is keep
track of where the character is and what she's doing. However,
Jice roll to determine su

certain actions requir

Chapter Five: Basic Rules

Se

\ OK

a


7

IZ" NN

NG Ail

Trait Ratings

A character's Traits — her innate and learned abilities and
aptitudes — are defined by dots, or numbers. Each Trait has a
rating from one to five, which describes the character's ability in
that particular Trait. One is lousy, and five is superb.

Consider the normal human range to run from one to three,
with two being average. However, some people can have Traits of
four (exceptional) or five (superb), or even have a zero in a Trait

(which is extremely rare, but not unheard of).
x Abysmal
. Poor
Average
Good
eptional
Superb

For each dot your character has in a particular Trait, you get
to roll one die. Thus, if you had four dots in Strength, you would
get to roll four dice. If you had one dot in Perception, you would

only get to roll one die. However, you almost never simply roll the
number of dice you have in an Attribute (your intrinsic capabili-
ties). Usually you get to add the appropriate Attribute's number of
dice to the number of dice you have in an Ability, things that you
know and have learned.

So if the Storyteller wants the players to roll to see if they
ar creeping up behind them, he would have
them roll their Perception + Alertness, an Attribute + an Ability
They'd pick up as many dice as they had dots in Perception, and
then take as many dice as they had dots in Alertness.

notice the patrol

These dice are called the Dice Pool. This pool is the total
number of dice a player rolls in a single turn, usually for a single
action, though a player can divide her Dice Pool if she wants her

character to perform more than one action. Some Traits (Will-

powerand Health Levels, for example) can go up and down during
astory. The character's permanent rating usually stays the same;

most changes are marked in the squares which represent her
current rating. A character's Dice Pool is usually based on her

Trait's permanent rating (the circles), not its current score (the
squares).

Many actions don't require or even have an appropriate
Ability. For example, if a player wants to break down a door, he'd
only use an Attribute (in this case, Strength), rolling the number
of dice listed for that Attribute.

There is absolutely no situation in which more than two
Traits can combine to form a Dice Pool. Only one Trait can be
used if it has a potential value of 10; Traits like Willpower can
never be combined with another Trait. It is generally impossible
for a normal human being to have more than 10 dice in a Dice
Pool.

Finally, a character's ratings in her Spheres are never rolled.
Magick is used with other rolls, which are described in Chapter

Eight.

80 Mage: The Ascension

Difficulties
and Successes

Now you've got to figure out what you need to look for when
you roll the dice. The Storyteller will give you a difficulty rating,
which isthe minimum number you need to roll in order tosucceed.
A difficulty is always a number between 2 and 10. You must roll
that number or higher on at least one of the dice in your Dice Pool
tosucceed. Each time youdoso, it'scalleda success. Ifthe difficulty
is a6 and you roll a 2, 3, 5, 6 and 9, you've scored two successes
Though you usually need only one success, the more you score, the

better you perform. Scoring only one success is considered
marginal achievement, while three is considered a complete
success, and five is a momentous event.

Difficulties
3 Easy
4 Routine
5 Straightforward
6 Standard
7 Challenging
8 Difficult
9 Extremely Difficult
Degrees of Success
One Success Marginal
Two Successes Moderate
Three Successes Complete

Four Successes Exceptional

Five Successes Phenomenal

The lower the difficulty, the easier the task, and vice versa.
The Storyteller may decide to let some actions slide without a roll
(an automatic success) if your character's Traits total higher than
the difficulty itself

Though they're not on the list above, your Storyteller can also
assign difficulties of 2 or 10. This should be rare; difficulty 2 is
pathetically easy, and difficulty 10 is so damned hard you're more
likely to screw it up than you are to succeed. Any 10s. player rolls
are successes, no matter what. Unless the Storyteller says otherwise,
the standard difficulty for a particular task is always a 6.

Complications

It's usually easy to score a single success, even with only one
or two dice. You have a 75% chance for a marginal success when
you roll only two dice on a difficulty of 6. Sounds easy. Of course,
there are a few complications for the troupes that want them. If
your group is heavily into roleplaying, simple rolls and automatic
successes are enough. Complications reflect a situation's varia-
tions; using them makes a game out of the scene.

Botches

Whenever you roll a "one," it cancels out a success. Remove

both the success die and the "one" die, and pay them no more heed.
Ifyou roll more "ones" than you do successes, you botch; some sort

of disaster occurs. Don't count the "ones" that canceled out
successes, but if even a single "one" is left after all the successes
have been canceled, a botch occurs. If there aren't any "ones" or

successes left, you've simply failed.


Some troupes count extra "ones" as really bad botches —
double botches or even triple ones. This is entirely optional, and
can get to be a real pain for the players (even if it is amusing
occasionally...).

Multiple Actions
and Splitting Dice Pools

If you want your mage to do more than one thing in a turn,
you can elect to split the Dice Pool between actions. The amount
of dice you throw behind each action is up to you, but if one pool
is smaller than the other (a Wits + Alertness of four dice against,
say, a Dexterity + Firearms of six), the smaller Dice Pool is used.

Automatic Successes

Rolling dice all the time gets in the way of roleplaying.
During most scenes — especially when we're deeply involved in
the story — we don't roll dice at all, and roleplay without
interruptions. Automatic successes keep players from making rolls
for actions characters could perform in their sleep.

Most troupes usually use a combination of dice rolling and
automatic successes. These work like this: if the number of dice
you have in your Dice Pool is equal to or greater than the difficulty,
you succeed automatically. It's a marginal victory, just as if you'd
only rolled one success; sometimes you'll want to roll anyway to try
for a more favorable result. But for simple, common actions,

automatic successes eliminate a lot of wasted time. The story is
what matters, anyway.

Another twist: a Willpower point (see Chapter Six) can be
spent to earn an automatic success. You won't want to do this

often, but sometimes you'll need a reliable result. Of course, the
Willpower only counts for one success per point spent, and once
Willpower is spent, it's gone for a while.

Extended Actions

Simple actions only require one success. Some tasks, called
extended actions, require more than one success to fully complete.
You'll need to accumulate three, orseven, oreven 20 successes (on
occasions).

An extended a
subsequent turns in
succeed. Say your character is climbing a tree; the Storyteller

ction allows you to roll over and over on

n attempt to collect enough successes to

announces that when you roll a total of seven successes, she's

climbed to the top. She'll get there, of course, but the more times
you roll, the more chances your character has to botch and injure
herself. If she's attempting to climb down the tree because it's on
fire, the amount of time it takes becomes exceedingly important.

During an extended action, you can keep trying to obtain
successes for as long as you want, or at least until you fail to score
even one. If you botch, your character may have to start over from

Action | Example

Simple 'Fitearms, Alertness

Extended Résearcll Seduction, Strong Ma;
Resisted Gambling, Shadowing
Extended

& Resisted

scratch, with no accumulated successes. The Storyteller may
decide not to let the character try again at all.

Extended actions are more complicated than simple actions,
and shouldn't often be employed in the middle of intense
roleplaying. As the Storyteller, you decide what type of action is
called for. A little bit of experience will be your best advisor.

Resisted Actions

Sometimes your efforts will oppose another character's. (The
obvious example is a tug-of-war, either physical or magickal.) Both
of you will make rolls, with adifficulty often indicated by some Trait
of the other character, and the person who scores the most successes
succeeds. However, you are considered to score only as many
successes as the amount by which you exceed your opponent's
successes. The opponent's successes eliminate your own, just as
"ones" do. Outstanding successes on resisted actions are both diffi-
cultand rare. Even if your opponent can't beat you, she can diminish
your efforts. On actions that are both extended and resisted, one of
the opponents must collect a certain number of successes in order to
win. Each success above the opponent's total number of successes in
a single turn is added together. The first opponent to collect the
designated number of successes wins the contest.

Teamwork

Characters can work together to collect successes, most often
during an extended action. At the discretion of the Storyteller,
ters can make rolls separately and combine
their successes. They may never combine their separate Traits for
one roll, though. Teamwork is effective in some circumstances,

two or more chara

such as in combat, shadowing prey, collecting information and
repairing devices. During others, it can actually be a hindrance; in
many social actions, it can confuse the subject.

The chart below may clarify the different types of rolls.

Trying It Again

Failure is frustrating. If you're having trouble with your
computer and can't figure out the source of the system error, then
you're in foran angst-ridden time. Mage reflects this frustration by
increasing the difficulty of any action that is tried again after an
initial failure.

Whenever a character attempts an action she previously
failed, the Storyteller has the option of increasing the difficulty of
the action by one. Consider Randolph, trying to intimidate a club
bouncer. If his first attempt failed, it's going be harder the second
time around, so the difficulty is +1 greater. If he tries a third time,
his difficulty is +2 greater. In cases like this, though, the Storyteller
canalwaysrule thathe cannot even make another try —howdo you
intimidate someone who just called your bluff? Other examples
include picking a lock (Streetwise), scaling a wall (Athletics), and
remembering a word in a foreign language (Linguistics).

Description

One roll completes the task. Once the difficulty is set,

the player rolls his dice. Automatic Success is possible.

The task takes a certain amount of Successes to complete.
Often requires more than one roll.

Two characters oppose each other; both roll and compare their
successes. The character with the most successes wins.

Like a resisted action, but the winner must first accumulate
certain amount of successes.

NK

Mage: The Ascension

Insome instances, such as in combat, the Storyteller shouldn't
invoke this rule. Missing someone with your first shot isn't going

to fluster you so much that you'll never hit your target. If you miss

a lot, however, it could get on your nerves.

Other times when not to use the rule are: seeing something out

of the corner of the eye (Alertness) and dodging an attack (Dodge).

Examples of Rolls

Well, that's it. These are the rules. This s
you really need to know in order to play this gam

tem for dice is all
All the other

rules are just clarifications and exceptions.

Following are some examples of rolls, to provide you with some

ideas on how to incorporate these rules into your roleplaying. Please
note that each Attribute can work with each Ability, so there are
many different rolls that can be made. Admittedly, you won't have
toroll Stamina + Computer often, but it might come up (especially
if you're pulling late nights to makea deadline). Common activities
are given in more detail in the Drama chapter.

* You're trying to concentrate on reading a passage in a boo!
but there's a lot of noise and commotion in the hall outside. Roll
Perception + Meditation (difficulty 7). You need to collect 10
successes to complete the selection.

* You threaten the young man by trying to lift him up by his
collar. Roll Strength + Intimidation (difficulty 8).

* An opponent of yours is winning political support from
others in the Tradition; his carefully chosen words are making your
ideas look foolish. Roll Manipulation + Etiquette (difficulty 8) to
minimize the damage to your reputation

* You want to break down the metal door that was just
slammed in your face. You need to roll Strength (difficulty 8). You
must accumulate six successes in order to break it open enough to
slip through.

* You try to slip out of your handcuffs. Roll
Streetwise (difficulty 10).

* After being questioned for hours, roll Stamina + Expres
sion to see if you can successfully maintain your story (difficulty 8).
Five successes completely convinces your interrogators.

* The mob before you is hostile, but also friendless and in
trouble. Roll Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 8) to see if you can
find a way to lead them from peril. You need to collect at least five

successes before they'll truly trust you
© How long can you remain motionless in the bushes as the
two guards chat for hours on end? Roll Stamina + Stealth (diffi-
culty 7)
© There's something strange about the way the two old men
are playing cards. Roll Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 9) to se

if your character can fathom the odd pattern formed by the card
* How flawlessly do you conduct yourself at the Chantry
formal dinner? Roll Dexterity + Etiquette (difficulty 8).
* By showing off your moves, you try to convince your
opponent to back off. Roll Manipulation + Brawl (difficulty 6).
Three successes will cause him to pause for a turn, but you can try

this action only once...
© What language is she speaking? Roll Intelligence + Lin-
guistics to ascertain (difficulty 6).
© Suddenly, a man pushes a crate out of the van you've been
chasing — roll Wits + Drive to see if you can avoid hitting it

(difficulty 6)

The Golden Rule

Logic must take care of itself.

— Ludwig Wittgenstein
one real rule in Mage: there are

Remeiberthat in the end there is only
this game into whatever you ne
complexity of the real world can
rules are not so much rules as theyare guidelines,

ed it to be — if the rules get in your way,
not be capttired by rules; it takes story!
and yoware free to use, abuse,

no rules. The story is the thing. Fashion
then ignore or change them. In the end, the
tellingand imagination todo that. Indeed, these
ignore or change them as you wish,

Game Terms

Ability: A Trait that describes what acharac-
ter knows and has learned, rather than what she is.
Abilities are Traits such as Intimidation, Firearms
and Cosmology.

Action: An action is the performance of a
consciously willed physical, social or mental activ-
ity. When a player announces that his character is
doing something, he is taking an action.

Advantages: A catch-all category that de-
scribes the magickal Spheres and Backgrounds of

a character.

Arete: This important Trait describes the understanding and
strength of your enlightened will (see Chapter Six)

Attribute: A Trait that describes a character's inherent
aptitudes. Attributes are such things as Strength, Charisma and
Intelligence.

Botch: A disastrous failure, indicated by rolling more "ones"
than successes on the 10-sided dice rolled for an action.

cter, an individual she

Character: Each player creates ac
roleplays over the course of the chronicle.

Dice Pool: This describes the dice you have in your hand
after adding together your different Traits. It is the maximum
number of dice you can roll in one turn, though you can divide
these dice between different actions

Difficulty: A number from 2 to 10, measuring the difficulty
ofan actionacharacter takes. The player needs to roll that number
or higher on at least one of the dice rolled. For clarity, difficulties
are always indicated by a numeral, rather than a word.

Downtime: Time spent between scenes, when no roleplaying
isdone and turns are not used. Players might take actions, and the
Storyteller might give some descriptions, but generally time passes

quickly.
Effect: A magickal action, i.e., a Life 3 Effect

Extended Action: An action that requires a certain number
of successes for the character to actually succeed.

Health: A measure of a character's injuries or health.

Paradox: A mage's headache Trait; Paradox increases when
he uses magick that noticeably contradicts the prevailing reality.

Points: The temporary scores of Traits such as Willpower,
Quintessence and Health; the squares, not the circles.

Quint

of it a mage posse:

The truest energy of the universe. The amount

enc

es is measured by the Trait of the same name.

Rating: A number describing the permanent value ofa Trait;
most often a number from one to five, though sometimes a number
from one to 10.

Refresh: When points are regained in a Dice Pool, it is said
that they are being "refreshed." The number of points regained is
the refresh rate.

Resisted Action: An action that two different characters
take against each other. Both compare their number of successes
and the character with the most wins.

Scene: A single episode of the story; a time when and place
where actions and events take place moment by moment. A scene
is often a dramatic high point of the story.

Simple Action: An action that requires the player to score
only one success to succeed, though more successes indicate a
better job or result

Spheres

of reality a mage understands and manipulates.

The nine divisions of magick that rate the aspects

Storyteller: The person who creates and guides the story by
assuming the roles of all characters not taken by the players and
determining all events beyond the players' control.

System: A specific set of complications used in a certain
situation; rules to help guide the rolling of dice to create dramatic
action.

Trait: A Trait is any Attribute, Ability, Advantage or other
character index that can be described as a number (in terms of
dots).

Troupe: The group of players, including the Storyteller, who
y Mage — usually on a regular basis.

pla

Willpower: One of the most important Traits, measuring the
self-confidence and internal control of a character. However,
Willpower works differently from most Traits — it is usually used
up, rather than rolled.

Chapter Five: Basic Rules 83



Chapter Six:

Character
Creation

Strangeness is always both attractive and repellent

comfortable,

believable

A character who is familiar and unsurprising seems

but not particularly interesting. A character who is unfamiliar and strange is at once

attractive and repulsive, making the reader a little curious anda little afraid. We may be drawn into the story, curious
to learn more, yet we will also feel a tingle of suspense, that tension that comes from the earliest stages of fear, the
uncertainty of not knowing what this person will do, not knowing if we're in danger or not

Orson Scott Card, Characters and Viewpoint

Peter Kobie tossed and turned on sweat-damp
ened sheets. His dreams took him places he didn't want
to go, showed him things he didn't want to see. In his
mind, he sat again in his favorite grove, an orchard of
flowered apple trees swaying in a light spring breeze

Blossoms had been falling then too, when he'd seen
Clarissa for the first time

"And you thought Fate had smiled kindly on
you," murmured a female voice from the trees. Kobie looked up to see
a familiar woman with long dark hair, clad in a loose transparent robe
walking slowly towards him. "You'd hoped for one like her. You'd
prayed for a student to Awaken, to share your passion, to share your
knowledge. And you got exactly what you asked for.'

"Yes," Peter whispered, the words hard to form. "Yes, I wanted
her, I wanted to teach her, and... and show her the true path. But

"But now the student far outshines her master,'
woman, coming over to stroke his long hair with her fingers
careful what you wish for. You just may get it."

replied the
Better be

Peter struggled for the right words. "She knows things I cannot
understand. Why? Why can she see when I cannot?" His voice rose in
frustration and mounting fury

She's like a festering wound in your side, is she not? Every time
you meet her, you see your own teachings turned into her victories,
corrupted into her images. | wonder why you put up with such
insolence," sighed the woman

"I... [still care for her," said Peter. "I take pride in that she has
taken what she has learned and used it."

Really?" she asked. "Then why do you rage? Why does your
hatred burn in you?" Her hands touched his chest. "Purge it. Seek out
your pupil. And show her one final lesson. Show her that you will always
be the master and she the student. You want to do this. Consider it
the ultimate exp

nce, the one you have always sought." Laughing,
she pulled away, leaving Peter Kobie to wake up instantly, a bitter taste
in his mouth, and hatred burning against his favorite student, one who
had surpassed him

Chapter Six: Character Creation 85

MN Lio ———


‘Butpuads autod yemtur anoX Suunp ssaj 40 dasyp 0
pointy are ang ‘siurod arqaay wpm za1e] paaoaduat aq Aew ssune
asoy_L "Vamp uetp Jaysty Suner e Ya eas ued ANTIGY ON

"goadap B 01 — 14 29s NOA st

painqinsip aq sew
siutod asoyp ‘eare yoea UTyaTA\ "kare ISoyYLAM JOY UF sIUTOd Uanas
pue voze appr aya ut siutod aur ‘ease asaBuons s,1a19eVYD NOK
ur siuiod ¢] puads Aew! nog ‘svare yeam pu aSes9ae ‘Suons out
paplarp aq |] saniqy suaieseys snoX ‘sainquny >]
(‘o1a2 Jo opa]mouy soIndwog v aavy []!M ‘Aes Yarndutos e pasn
J9A9U S,04m DUOSIUOS) "AarIqY IU Jo a8poymouy ou sey J12eeYD
ayp aeyp SuNesipur ‘o1z jo Sunes v ya no areas YaAaMoy ‘san
any 01 Woy pares are santTIgy ‘sainquny >]

soSpojmouyy ore ‘Burumureszord
goindwos 10 aursipaur ayy] ‘Apmis or pey ays ssuryy "Sunysy
pioms 10 UoneMpaur ay] ‘Surop Aq useay 2 pey ays ssuryp are
syns ‘2 {doad Bunsess 10 BuBurs ay}] ‘Ie pos Ajareuut st a.eIeYD
ayp ssunyp are sup Aem aya Suoye dn paypid says sBurp ase
sontpiqy ‘pey sheayye sey Joxsereyp e sy901q Supping axp ase sainqua
AY da}IY AQ "sMoUY JaIDeILYD ANOA sBuryp uasaida saNITGY,

soliqy :99.14, | days

‘AioBowes aanqumy Areunad 194
sv [eId0g aaey aysiu Aseassg Jo IND axp Jo roquiaw BuITuIs-4Jo}

apy ‘soanquny equa Suons A194 aavy Ajqeqoad pjnom sidopy
Jemat,, oy Jo saquiaut e — siutod ainqumyy jo awuawade]d ay
sa8ns Att MONNIped | 10 9uassq ‘dasU0| s,1919eIeYD 4NO}

aouatiadxa 10 siutod arqaayy Yat 1are] watp aroudun Aeut NOS ‘9g 01
uray auem Nog URED ZaMo] dn pud sainquIay OM 10 BuO JT "FaADIEyA
Jo Ayuaaa woayp Butpeaids ‘uo 2e s1ayio BuLAea] pue ainquny aU0
uo squtod ayp jo aouezeg ax Sunand ‘iy aas No' se siutod ano{ puads
Aeut nod ‘dnoa8 yoea uryat yy "Bare asayeam slaideseYD snO4 UF 2aL4p
pue vase puosas ays Ut siutod anif ‘991049 AMOK Jo vaIe DUO UT SIUTOg
ainquny waaas puads 01 98 nox *(AueIIa1) YLan s,vy a19yM aUO
pue ‘(Arepuooas) aBezaav Anaid s,oy yotya ut auo *(Aaewid) Suons
prey Yea IeUp saUINsse

<jaejnonied say yorya Ut ware auo sey 4912
ade pIUayy pure ppIv0¢ ‘potsKyq :seare aauyp UL 9WOD saInqUNY
siulog anquny Surpuads Aq woyp
aaoiduit uatp Aeu NOX "aINgUNY ype UE « Jo Sunes v yp ano
WEIS SIDLEY ‘|RJIIPUON S} oe eee PUE ‘a8eaaae Jo apts 19ysty
aU) UO Ste Isqe St » :siop Aq poruasaiday pue aay 01 aUo
‘saaamoy ‘outed ay

jo apeos e uo par

aie saanqumy s,uosiad ype
jo jlomaurey atp uy "y9Uq e se quinp Jo SurweYp Ajjensnun ‘Suons
Aa9a si uosiad v qeyp Aes aystw aa apt] AepAsaad Uy "seage UrEI99 Ut

sonmpige s,toise2eyp e Jo suonoensq
sojnqhiypy ‘omy days

"suui0U [e190s paysi{qeasa 40 sainSy AOYANE o2 |]. puodsas

Jeouawmnu ase samquny

1,usdop oY auINsse UL Jaded sarysoyD ‘siya BuIsE) "Jaqey st
a]durexa 10} ‘souRawiag se autysoy ‘s19e JIDeTeYD ap MOY SUE
-unuorap 10) spreog3urids se pausisap are sad{aayaue asoy |,

"suonenats sour uF sasn ays euOsiad

dIseq ayp aq |]! asooyp NOA JOUKaWIAG ay "UOHENAs oF UOHENIIS
Woy Ajopin Auva [fa JOIARYaq Jay >IIYA\ "PHO aprsino ayp
01 siafoad ays Aaypeuosiad ayp st 1ouvauiagy sla1zesey> ay

‘aamwNY 19Y] UO puddap ayo Siulod 19mody]! 4) 1uAds sureBox
ays Yyoryas ur sXem aup ‘ates ayp Jo asinos aya Sung] "soLAeysq 194

sadeys pur ‘ppom aya anoge sja1jaq J1seq pue Mara I
a] ‘9ouassq Jay 02 parejas A]as0]9 s} aIMeNY $1298
"umo sno ayvax9 Avr NOA ySnoyp ‘ardey>
smoy]oysodaaypie joasty y "aouarayp sit jo arene oq
Ja;deIeYD dY_L "WAY! A|P]a 2q pynos Aaya ‘(se]TuHIs asea] we 40)
aures ayp UaYO are JoURaWHAG] pue aNEN apy AA "Aareuosiad 294
Jo seu! preaano pue Aaryear souut ay dn wns yorys — souvawag]
© pur aanyy & — sadQrayoun Gypuosiad sey sioeIYD Yor
(‘s]exap asow 40j OMT,
aaydey9 ag) "J]98 19UUT II Jo AarfeuOsiad ay Uo appuey v Joo:
Surdvjdojos v st a1 tapay] sueaur at ‘sasodind awed 40g "uoIsua2sy
02 tpeg sty aurmarap djay sew yory — jjas souUr pexpiseu
AY Sty Jo UoNNduosap k st 29Uassg s,1919eILYD.1NO A «

(cuonpel ,, Aes asnf s,19] ‘waaamoy ‘Mou

sty—aer

40} sue s,]!9uNOZD ayp surof ‘asinoo jo ‘aBeur A19Aa ION "a]qe|eAL
sey ay saunosag pur sontpiqe aya aaye [IM pue ‘angeU sty A9Yor
plnoys uonipery s,zaiseseyp ano A, IYSNOYp Jo Jooyps,, [ex>13eU

S1Y ‘UuoMIpps | sty st zaoeseYD aBeyy Aue Jo radse jeroard y «

"ydoou09 UMO INOA aavaID pu JdyIaHoyZe asI] ay preBoastp 01 9ayy
Jpg ‘91942 Woy saIDeILYD 4NOA pjing pue Buypeadde spunos wp
xdaouo. &

oid ‘sayereyo ajdurs pue yoinb ke 104 "RY UONeaIC
J "Hey; 2)

s91DeILYD) ay UO PuNoy aq WLD sidadUo9 JedArayo1E aWOg «

-Atoas aup Jo asinoo atp Suunp uayeary pur sadaajg v se
aporuorys atp uidaq Aeu JargeseYD sNOd ‘sased awOs UJ 19Y poudryeny
wy pur zodag|g k se 941] sea J9IDeILYD 4NOK Jey aplo9p "YA EIS
© *(,youauorut yy paureu euosiad jnjaozoy pu o1weEUAp v a1vaI9 01
joWAIUT ayp Jo AIWAUOUE aT sasn OYA yANOA UaveApyIAN TuUAEdap

saouaing sanduior) ‘ofvsrys jo Aarsioarup) ays aw. aienpeasisod
‘pIE||A\ TPYPIN,,) sep ayHoads 02 (,9j998 s9Indwoo,) suon
-duasap peoig wo 08 nos faamdjnos ay] st worNaLD AMIDVILY)

jdoou02 :0U9 dayg

uonvars zaiveny>
jo sdaas ayp youg Uy "perp aw UF Sisadse snow.

:SMOT]O} SB aI

asoyp soquios
-ap ‘BuIMoyJo} ‘UONdaS ,SHAL,, HY] "Wor Yuva soy ss09 aUI0d
ay sapnyout pue radse ysea ySnomp sum 6¢]-gET sed Uo LYS

DY] ‘a8eU ANOK Jo sidadse UIEI199 819409 daas YRg "ssod01d dais
Aqedaas ajduns & ySnomp syiom Ajjensn uoreard sa19eIeYC)

o$e ANOA Suipying

Yiog Op Nod djay pynoys
saadeyp sty sajna sure8 yp Jo sway ut saroEIYD sNOA aquos
-op 3p SonsuaiereYD pu saratpiqe ayp asooyp ‘eapt asiy Iya
wo1y ‘uonduosap paytezap pu Suo] v 40 aseayd aydunts v ag wed
SIYL ‘2q 02 JarDEILYD ANOA JUBA NOK OYA Jo Lap!
uv (pia suifog aBepy ut uoRealD saioeIeY,

‘auryoeur Burdurys-qjads
lou ‘uosiad Sunsaraqut ue aq pynoys ‘105
-a1ayp uarsereyp aBeyy Y "Iaityoue pur ase UE St
aSeur y "sSutog pauayeary aue Aayp {,siasn s13eu,,
isnf qou are ‘ssaUyLEG] JO PLO, My UT ‘sadeyy

(2G OL TUL NOX OG CY,,
und v 2g f1,[ Up | pun 6n3 yBnor v aq 11,1 YUNp |
quny v aq p11 xunp | ‘Ko kppar v 29 11,1 XUN |

‘oBu10g o3u1GQ —

UdlJeIID JopoeIeyy
Sac eee ee |


Step Four: Advantages

Advantages are unique resources ot special abilities. They're
not prioritized the way Attributes and Abilities are; you only have
a set number of points to spend in each Advantage category. As
usual, Advantages are rated ® to *

¢. Freebie points may be
spent here like anywhere else.

* There are two types of Advantages: Backgrounds and
Spheres. Backgrounds represent items, people or other resources
the character can call on during the course of the story. Characters
get seven Background points to start with.

© Spheres are aspects of reality which a mage learns about to
use her magick. Your character's rating in a Sphere represents how
well she understands and manipulates that particular element.
Each character begins with one point in the Sphere associated with

her Tradition. Hollow Ones and other Orphans may place that
point in the Sphere of their choice. The character may not have
a rating in any Sphere higher than her Arete rating (which also
begins at ¢, though freebie points may raise it), and may not begin
with any Sphere rating higher than ¢*

have foci, or magickal tools, which they employ
in their Arts. Not every mage will have a different focus for each

© Most mage:

Sphere, but most will. Each new mystick must begin with one focus,
of your choosing, per Sphere. As he progresses, he may abandon one
focus per point of Arete over the first (one at Arete 2, two at Arete
3, etc.) if you want him to. These tools are not rated by dots, but will
make a difference in the way your mage uses his Spheres.

The "Traditions" listings given later in this chapter offer many
common types of foci. The "Storytelling Magick" section in Chap-
ter Bight offers many suggested foci and magickal style hints.

Step Five: Finishing Touches

These final features cover the most personal aspects of your
character — the ones that will grow through time to transform a
talented novice into a Master.

* Arete measures the mage's enlightened strength of will. A
combination of confidence, understanding, wisdom and raw power,
Arete is what makes a mage a mage.

Each Awakened character begins with one point of Arete;
this score may be raised with freebie points. We recommend that
new characters start the game with an Arete no higher than three
Each Sphere the mage possesses must be lower than or equal to
that character's Arete — no higher. Arete is unusual, in that it is
rated from one to 10, rather than one to five.

* The Willpower Trait rates a mage's self-control. Like Arete
Willpower runs from 1 to 10. The circles which represent the character's
Willpower rating show her maximum Willpower, while the boxes
indicate her current Willpower (these points are spent and regained
during the course of the story). Willpower begins with five points, and
may be improved at the cost of one point per freebie point spent.

* Quintessence represents the amount of "stored" magickal
energy the mage hasat any given moment. Paradox represents how
large a strain he has recently placed on the fabric of reality. Your
character begins with no Paradox at all and a Quintessence rating
equal to his Avatar rating. Quintessence may be raised with
freebie points; no one wants to raise his Paradox!

* You may now spend 15 freebie points wherever you like. Keep
in mind that this isn't very many considering the cost of various
different Traits (see the Freebie Points chart) — be careful how
you spend your points. Also, remember when raising Spheres that
they have a maximum beginning value of the character's Arete or
, whichever is less.Freebie points cannot buy new dots in
anything. They may only raise what was already purchased.

thre

Chapter Six: Character Creation 87

1] aN

hy

\
G


WX Z_

Fleshing Out
the Character

Once the math is done, the character still needs the small
details that make for convincing fiction:

Appearance

A character's appearance is an important factor in how she
relates to others. It's a sad but true fact that unattractive people
have a harder time in social settings than plain people do and that
attractive people have it easier all around. While your character's
Appearance Trait will determine whether or not she is attractive,
it doesn't say what it is that makes her attractive. The more
specific you can make the character's appearance, the easier she
will be to visualize. Thus, instead of, "She's pretty," you might say,
"She's five foot ten, with luxuriant curly dark hair which cascades
around her large, dark eyes and prominent cheekbones. She
always looks straight at whomever she's addressing with an intense

gaze, and always seems to be smiling at s

Magickal Style and Foci

Belief is central to a mage's power; through it, she focuses her
will. A mystick's paradigm shapes the magick she casts and her
personality as well. Thus, it's important to figure out just what your
mage believes in.

ome very private joke.

Is she a follower of the Goddess? A holy sister? A metaphysi-
cian or enlightened scientist? Did she learn her Art during a short

visionquest or over a long apprenticeship to a Hermetic Master?
The answer will influence the way she casts her magick and the
foci, or tools, she uses to do it. (See "Advantages," above, and
"Sphere Affinities," page 226.)

In the beginning, every mystick believes that some practice
allows him to alter reality. This paradigm dictates which tools he
uses when he casts his Art. As he progresses, the sorcerer may fall
away from that original paradigm, or he may grow stronger in his
faith. Either way, he begins with a belief in something. When you
build your character, decide how he believes magick works and
what he feels he must do to use it.

Specialties

Your character may specialize in any Trait in which she has
four or more dots. This reflects something she is especially good at
within that general category. Someone with Medicine 4 might
choose "Brain Surgery" as her specialty.

Specialties add depth to your character's Attributes and
Abilities; they also may add a bonus to her Dice Pool. If you roll
a 10 on her specialized Trait, you can re-roll that die. (See
"Specialties" in the "Traits" section for further details.)

Equipment

Unless the Storyteller specifies otherwise, assume your char-
acter has whatever ordinary equipment she might reasonably
have. A private detective probably has his license and a gun or
two, while a computer programmer might have a laptop ora large
desktop computer. Ordinary items can also be magickal foci (see
Chapter Eight), so long as they don't enhance the character's
abilities. Magickal equipment must be purchased with the Talis-
man Background.

88 Mage: The Ascension

Quirks

Quirks are little details about the character that give her
flavor. They can be anything, from a preference toward wearing
black to the habit of saying, "Bite me, it's fun." Someone with a
handful of strong quirks will be easy and fun to play, and will also
give the Storyteller a handle to play up interactions with. ("Say,
that's an interesting tattoo you've got there...")

Motivations

If you haven't done so already, give some thought to what
motivates your character — what does she want out of life, and
why? What made her study magick? Why does she hate authority?
Motivation can be something vague, like innate curiosity, or itcan
be very specific: your character wants to destroy the Technocracy
because a HIT Mark killed her sister.

The character can also have numerous, perhaps contradic-

tory, motivations, but be careful — a complex character can
become a basket case if she has too many goals. Eventually, her
focus may shift from achieving her goals to simply containing all
her neuroses, and the concept will collapse under its own weight

A strong character has one overriding goal, reflected by (or
determined by?) her
Sister Beulah's main goal (Pattern) is likely to be doing God's will,
which breaks into the secondary categories of protecting the
innocent and fighting the Nephandi. Khozan, on the other hand,
wants to learn all the magick he can (Questing). Howev
dedicated member of the Order of Hermes, he

ssence, in addition to several smaller goals.

asa

Iso wants to destroy

the Technocracy. When he discovers that Technomancers use
as he does (albeit in a different form), he'll
at

just as much magic!
have quite a dilemma on his hands. Should he destroy the thre

to his reality, or should he learn their magick and see how it's
compatible with his own? Perhaps there's an entirely different
structure to magick than the one he's been taught all his life...?

Mundane Identity

The Awakened are not super-heroes, but like them, they
must balance unbelievable power against their humanity. Mages

are mortal — they still have families and friends from before their

Awakening, and will want to cultivate more. Who wants to live in

a Chantry all his life?

Sleeper society is difficult to cope with. If your fellow humans
knew what you were, they would either worship you or kill you,
and probably both. Alll the same, your character will want to have
some way in which she still lives in the mundane world, if only for
a while. Does she do magic tricks to cover her power? Is she a
missionary who performs the occasional miracle? Does she lie low
and lead a double life, or avoid mundanes completely?

Experience Points

Obviously, you will not be given experience points at this
stage. As your character progresses, however, she will gain new
points to spend on raising her Traits. This process is covered in
depth in Chapter Nine, but bears noting now.

" Sample Character Creation

John is creating a Mage character for a new
X! chronicle. Wendy, the Storyteller, informs him
that her chronicle will involve a great deal of
material from the Digital Web (cyberspace) supple-
ment and that the Technocracy is going to be one
of the story's major antagonists. Although a Virtual
Adept is the obvious choice, John decides to twist
the idea to make a more interesting character.
Concept

John starts with the basic idea of a Virtual Adept character,
but wants to play someone who's more of a maverick. Even the
Virtual Adepts are too organized for the type of character he's
thinking of. He chooses the Outsider Concept and decides that his

character Awakened on his own and was approached by the
Virtual Adepts, but rejected them.

This also determines his Tradition, or lack of one. John decides
that his character is an Orphan, a self-imposed exile from the wheels-
within-wheels magickal society. This character is someone who likes
tosneak about on the Web, going in back doors and making his living
by breaking into networks or hiring himself out to make networks
unbreakable. The character uses the pseudonym "Cheshire Cat."

Looking at the Essences, John decides that Cheshire has a
Dynamic Essence, but that Cheshire doesn't yet know what his
eventual goal will be, other than preservation of the Web. Cheshire's
Nature is an Architect — he really wants to create something that
will endure, and for him that something is the Web. However, his
Demeanor is a Rebel. He is as contemptuous of Tradition mages as
he is of Technomancers, though he will ally himself with anyone
who will help preserve the Web.

Attributes

¢ John wants Cheshire to bea mad thinker. He comes up with
detailed plans and intricate schemes, so John makes his Mental
Attributes primary. He decides that Cheshire also has a very strong
personality, so his Social Attributes become secondary. Since
Cheshire spends a lot of his time in front of a computer rather than
exercising, his Physical Attributes are his w

est.
ven dots for his Mental Attributes. He's

© Cheshire has
very smart, able to memorize tons of information about computer

types, programs and so on, and can quickly decide on a course of
action once he has all the information he needs, but he gets so
wrapped up in what he's doing at any given moment that he
sometimes misses what's going on around him. Therefore John
only puts one point on Perception, giving it a value of two dots,
and divides the remaining six points evenly between Intelligence
and Wits, giving them values of four dots each.

* Cheshire has five dots for his Social Attributes. John
decides that he's not especially attractive — in fact, his appear-
ance is rather forgettable. But he's not ugly either, so he gets one
point in Appearance, for a value of two dots. However, since
Cheshire is a tricky person, conning people when necessary for his
latest scheme, he gets three points for Manipulation, giving it a
value of four dots. He puts his last point on Charisma, giving it a
value of two dots. Unfortunately, John pictured Cheshire having
more force of presence than that, and marks Charisma so he will
remember to come back and raise it with freebie points.

© Cheshire has only three dots for his Physical Attributes.
John decides that they should all be roughly average, with none of
them better or deficient, so he distributes the three points evenly,
giving all of Cheshire's Physical Attributes a value of two dots.

Abilities

To figure out Cheshire's primary, secondary and tertiary
Abilities, John goes through the character sheet and finds that
while they're fairly evenly distributed among the groups, the
critical ones are in Knowledges. He makes that one his primary
group. Talents seem the next most important, followed by Skills.

* Since Cheshire is a world-class computer nerd, the first three
points of his 13 for Knowledges go straight to Computer (he decides
to buy a fourth with freebies later and choose "Networks" as his
specialty). Since John pictures Cheshire enjoying the intellectual
puzzle of security systems, he puts three more points in Enigmas.
Because Cheshire spends his time findinghidden and obscure data, he
puts an additional three points into Investigation. Figuring Cheshire
needs to know which laws he's breaking, John puts one point there.
For his last three points, John decides to put one point in Lore to
reflect Cheshire's incidental learning and two points in Science to
indicate that he has a basic knowledge of the physics and chemistry
involved in working on computers at the level of electrons.

* John has nine points for Cheshire's Talents and immediately
puts three each into Streetwise and Subterfuge, skills basic to his
character. He also decides that Cheshire has occasionally been
found in places he wasn't supposed to be and had to dodge gunfire
to get out; he takes two dots in Dodge and one in Alertness.

© The five points John has for Cheshire's Skills will be
nowhere near enough and that "freebie points" will be spent here
ina big way. For starters, however, he knows that Cheshire should
havea minimum of three dots in Stealth, one dot in Research, and
one in Technology.

Advantages

Forhisseven points of Backgrounds, John decides that Cheshire
has "Cheshire's Commandos," asmall organization working for him,
and puts four points in Allies. He tells the Storytellera few basic ideas
about the organization — that all of the members are Orphans or
Virtual Adepts of minor magickal ability who specialize in security
— and lets the Storyteller come up with the rest. Since any mage
worth his salt has a close bond with his Avatar, John puts one point
there. He spends his sixth point to get adot in Library, indicating the
stacks and stacks of manuals that clutter up his apartment, and his
last point for one dot in Mentor. His original computer sciences
instructor, known on the Web as "fuzzbuster@vadept.com,
Virtual Adept who's not officially supposed to help Cheshire (since
he snubbed the Adepts), but would if there were a real emergency.

Since Cheshire is an Orphan, he does not have to place a
point according to any Tradition. Since he has had some Virtual
Adept training, however, and lurks in "their" cyberworld, he
decides to take their Sphere, Correspondence, as higewn=S:
he doesn't expect to have the freebie points necessat
Arete, having more than one point in any Sphef
pointless, so he decides to use the remaining five poi
each in Entropy, Forces, Matter, Mind and Prime.

Chapter Six: Character Creati


‘apotuoryp say o2ur aavam 2 speartp r0jd
aaj J9]]91410Ig 1NOA JayJo ABUT ‘asja 3uryouJy "yadap asow aseu
anod aai8 01 shea sasa8Ens UoNIsanb sty J ;MOUY NOA Tey UIeA] NOK
PIP Mop] zd Mos nos prp a19yA\ {NO 19M OY AA "ArDID0s UI a2e]d
© pur sPYs YIM a19[dwWo> ‘a1aymou Woy seadde 2u0 ON

sSPNIIGY Inox Ag MIO NOX PI MOH «
"staypo 01 Sunejar ajqnon aaey [pHs Aeut aseDINo
ue se pooyp]tys z9y 1uads Oya z9yroUR apTya ‘oreuNaI03 ssa] ajdoad
say 02 Aanp Jo asuas e YIN aBeur DUO [[FISUI AeW pooyppry> Addey
Y ‘seouanbasuo> snopuauian pey aaey Aew 10 paonouun au03
avy 1YysIU siU9Ae asoyLL

ayqeurejdxoun yim spooyppry> aBuens savy sofew aso

WUDII}FIC] *"*949,A\ NOX IY, NON NOK pi UEYyA\ «
"afi sty] Uo aouANYUT JofeU e UD9q aAeY [TIM UTEINDIA ‘PIO sIEaK Of
si zojoeseyp ayp jt ‘puey 1910 ap UG "UTEGOD 1Ny Jo peap axp 10
TAQ UHPAg aU Jo Suy]ey axp se AIpeuossad sty Uo 199449 2:
Sv 9ABY 3,UON Te A\ WEUIDIA dyp aI] STUDAa ‘PIO suvak ¢7 SI JOIDeIeYD
DUP pue 966] Ut aovjd sayer aforuoIYD ayp Jf ~AMDEIEYD AMOK or
JUEDYTUBIS 919M SIUDAA IkY,A\ {98E ANA 191 2oUBIWadde INO{ s90q]

|aDUAPIOUIOD auezIq JO sa2UaIINII0

Ip yon

ppiiew porpnas ay sey Buo] Mopy {zx DeILYD 4NOK st PIO MOF]
iMOX 24 PIO MOH «

adew nod Su snysuod
JO Buraraouos aprya aysnoys sop poo} NOA ants ‘asja Surpou
Jt TyBU suonsanb Surmoy]oy aup ‘sjrerap eIIUaIOd Jo aoepins ayp
{yoresss Aazeg Ay YBNOY | "OUG paudyeMY Ue oI! soNsneIs pue
Slop Jo ast] e wing UeDINg ‘MoU [eLALD Was Av S]IEIap Yong ‘sUIsAG
Aqjear aweB ayp 2u0 aaey []}m JaIEIeYD snok ydap arou ay

‘apnjaud ayp (Butanp 40) axojaq ano YOM NOs sera 22004 YL

SUOL]SON? J9JoOR1eyD

uoisuadsy oy] :38eyy, 06

-uonndo say 3 oma 10 qUIOd aouaTIadxa
ue nod yues3 Aew ays YSnowp ‘aBeus anoA ainBy-a1 02 ‘s1ut0d aqaayy
enx9 aaey 3,ueD Nos *([4]94!]UN) UOISsTULLAd NOA sie 19]]914101g
AYA Ss9]UP) "a1DeIeYD AMOK Jo 109 JeUY ay IDAYe a,UsaOP 11 se
Buoy se ways aBueyp o3 944 [994 ‘ase9 sip UT "padeyd sem ay 29U0
padojaaap se saazeseyd ayp 40} 2Y314 2,uaz9M sao1oyp JeMTU NOK
Jo awios 2eyp puy Aeur nos ‘apnjad ayp Jo asinos ayp BurNg

"suonsanb
a]qeuojwooun Suryse ,zuase TsWUaA03,, pareotpop A]3uy]!Yo
B40 UNeT UT syeads OYM WNg paranEa v YA JBVUNODUI Ppo
ue ‘at] snoraaud v 03 sysequsey ‘weasp prony AjsuruArYysiy v sz9IUA
WOOS [ILM ay P]lom ayp Jo sasuny ayp JoqUNODUA Av a} ‘a8eU L JO
yt] pay]y-19puom pu auezig ay YIN aouarstxa zadaajg aseNU0D
0) aft] Suruayemy-aid auepunut saieseyo ayp ur souads [eo1dAr

044g 10 2U0 YBnosyp OF 02 IUeM ABUL NOA ‘opnyaud INOA BuLNG,
"pio pexoiseu
aYp UL SurTuo}aq jo asuas awos JaIDeIEYD pue JaAvjd Yroq says
apnjaid ayp ‘9u0-u0-au0 ano Aejd zadvjd ayp pue sd]JorA0rg ay)
YpIym (Uorssas 9WIeS v Jo UOTOd 40) UOISsIs OWES UOYs Y ‘J]9S11
Suruayemy ay2 pue sjreip yeuosiad ‘Asoysty yoeq Bururquios

‘g}o1uoryp ay oa UO INposUT s,z929eFEYD ANOA St apnatd YL
kxypp

ayi 01 apm s 4arpryyonyy ayy ‘apeyan unsad
"-uonvsuas

"mou dud v 198 ‘umop wyr>

Sunsasarus up st siya 7yo
¢[ wun oym q uvaw | op wy yy

caf, asodund Kua sayy c249y | wy Kyp\

cnr

{J wn oym ‘au asnoxa ‘4q

Buraddvy sayy YW

OPNII.1d 9Y_L

‘Suruaddey wou rwyp waaaid 01 Ava e
‘9J998 pu BurypAs9aa Jo uoaNNSap ayp ur dn puo o7 Ajay] 210UU St
sastfeuontper J ay pur souypa | ayp Udaaag I91JUOD IUEISUOD ay
TU s[99} a11YsaYD 1 UIYIM adoad ATuO ‘puadsy 10Usaopasiaatun
ay asnesaq UoIsUadsY 02 pea} |]!A\ eg JaystaU aU saaatfaq pue
‘saBeur UoMNIped | pur si29uRWIOUYDa | {flog jo sluaMNsLe ayp preay

s,

H_ 21 Jo Aue (aia op o2 Surypou quem oy pue , ‘twayp "sa sn, Jo
suoneouad yt sap 11 ueYp Aat]ead Jo ange ax Yat Op 02 ssa] sey
(db M\ UoIsUaasY,, aU IY ‘saop ay se 2Aataq OYM s1aYIO punoy sey,
ay a1ayas ‘qa au UT aU sty Jo sow spuads mou auLysay)

2ajaswiayy Yala op
08 JJe pjnoo Aayp ay sunsay HoYdxa Ut Je Wap pjor pue s1a49e19
[]B a49m Aaya YA UOIsN|DUOD ay O1 aWeD amYseYD "AaTUEWNY
Te Ys suonestunwutos Buruado 40 atunuoddo awa18 e se
aves auysayD ay Burdousap pur qa/y ayp uede Sued sem rem
iM SHY "YN Surddrysiom-jessuas-ut-A3ojouypar sneuny 19312
8 (PIM JBM Jang o1Uso9 azezIq aUWIOS UI paajoaut yo Surddrysion,
-aoedsiaqd2 sneun] Jo WOs DUIOs 9¥1] papunos asHy Ie IY UIO

01 wry 293 02 pain ,"aisngzzng,, Jo1oNNsUt Pjo sty ‘or SuPypEr ut
parsazaquy sem ay ey Woy preay ay Uosiad auo ay | "Jay O2 IUEM
Aqrejnonzed a, uprp ay s8urp wry Sut] Jo preay zaaau p,ay ajdoad
‘ppom ayp saao jJe Woy reU-a pey ay ‘Avg sea, MAN Ag

‘pooasiapun A[uappns ay ‘Avg sewnastyc)
uo "wre ¢Q:7 TY "99epNS ay UO MES oY YM UY aay) a10UN
W ayatp eYP UOHezas ay O1 ated AjjeNpess pue q>/\
Jendiq ayp ou dem sty puNoy ay 4JasuNY O21 JaINdwWOD o89]]09

dy pey JIS9YD PUE UAOI Jo INO sem as] DUOAIDAD aTIYM "[LI1q
SPUNSLUYD 19A0 IYBIU ABIL UaZOY B UD "paUtosso]q. A]]e2
-nduros yarn qu9yea sty "JaAamoy ‘939]]09 UT "[]Equooy v YaTA UEL
$9 a1opomuor & YaM SurAvjd ur parsaiqut aiow Surg "yanok
sty Sutnp aseoano ue Jo Surypoutos shempe sem 19Is9Y) S97 AIP] SHY
ur astpetoads auunoas sainduiod e ‘Biaquaziey 1IsayD se aueU [eat
sanysoyp Suraid dq seas apy wry 10 Aatfeuosiad pue Arorsiy
s anrysayD saysay uyot

1 S19

atm dn Bunuos Aq aiou ano zai Dee

P

aouatiadxa auios sures aurysayo jun
HEM 02 aARY [],2Y Os ‘sUIOd YSnoua 2,uaze asnf axatp ApareUNUOFUN
ing ‘2B Ja129q 9q PJNoYs axTysayD s]99} UYOf eEp SoM IGY [e19A98
aue a19Y J, "Stop UaAas jo Suwa v uty aat8 02 oMOd]]! A UO sand ay
yprya yay stutod arqaay oan sey a "staindutod ut rop jeuoLppe
1p WHY 2a13 01 sIUIOd ax0U OMI PUR SOP OMI 01 ABOFOUYDA |. sty
aster 01 siufod oa ‘siop aazyp 01 dn yaseasay sty aster 01 syutod ino
spuads apy ‘stop aarp 07 ewstueYZ sty astes 02 aay spuads pue 49"q
S908 apy ‘siuod arqaay sty puads 01 saptsap mou a} "0192 st xopezeg
sty pue ‘uo st aouassaquing sty ‘aay st amod]]1A\ §,9214s945)

soyono Surysiul 4

|Z >


© Who Is Important to You?

No man isan island; the important people in your character's
life say a lot about him or her and offer an endless stream of story
possibilities. Does he have a lot of superficial buddies or a small
circle of tightly-knit friends? How does he get along with his
family? Does he even have one? Do any of these people know about
his ability to shake the pillars of Heaven? How do they react to it?
Has his Awakening driven him away from all the people who once
were important to him? If so, who's important to him now? Does
he ever try to regain those lost relationships?

* When Did You First Encounter Magick?

at capacity to ignore or discount things

of what the world should be. What event

overcame your character's ability to do this? How did she learn

that there were mysteries that couldn't be solved? How did she
react? Was she afraid? Was she ecstatic? Did she go power-hungry
or have a nervous breakdown?

On the other hand, it's possible that the character simply
never lost the childlike ability to believe in anything, even when
other people told her it wasn't true. Mages with a Primordial
Essence are often like this.

* Who Was Your Mentor?

Mages of the Traditions usually begin with some kind of
mentor, even if he's no longer around. How did your character
meet this person? Did you seek him out? Did he seek you out? Was
he kindly o harsh? Did he explain everything, or simply ask you

questions and watch you try to figure out the answers?

A mentor can act as the character's teacher, parent, older
sibling or any combination thereof, and has probably been a major
force in the shaping of the character's personality

* How Did You Meet the Others in Your Cabal?

The cabal usually refers to the other players' characters. How
you met them and interact with them will have major effects on

the chronicle, Cheshire, for example, has difficulty interacting

with Tradition mages on a regular basis unless they're concerned
with more than wasting Technocrats. A good way for him to meet
one of them, then, would be for him to come upon them trying to
prevent some catastrophe in the Web, or for one of them to rescue
him from a Nephandi attack

* Do You Maintain a Mundane Life?

Do you have a "secret identity?" Do you continue to interact
with Sleepers, hiding the supernatural aspects of your existence, or
have you left your old life behind? Some of this will depend upon
the course of your chronicle — after all, if you go to a parallel
dimension for 10 minutes and come out to the year 2015, it will be
rather difficult to pick up your mundane life....

The Cabal

Once you've gone through the prelude and learned a little
about the other players' characters, get the troupe together to
answer some basic questions about the cabal

* Where Do They Meet?

This depends on the chronicle. Does the cabal have a single
place they use as a headquarters? Do they share a house or have
quarters in a Chantry? Do they live in separate places, then meet
at a completely different location? Do they have easy access to a
Node and, if so, what kind?

Mii ea

ID.

Mpg tle,
pac

Chapter Six: Character Creation 91

ang90 sBury
yons — vaya so — jt aea4 1YStUT JaIDEILYD INOA MOY Jo kapt UE
38 ued nok 4sanb s,uoIsuaosy yOeNApIs pjno aeup sBuryp ayp ano
Sunndy Ag fapud zo Aaruesut ‘JeAenag ‘aduaaay ;1UaUUOISN]]ISIC
{@A0] and], {peor say Jo Yorshw INOA mop aYstw suOHIENsIp Jo

SUOs 1eY A "tous uTU pp 19Aau UoIsUassy ann jo yreg ay,
jAvAy aup Buopy dn awoy rystyy sIIIyUOD IWYA\ &
SaLNOYJIP Mt aaey pynoys diysuonejas poos ev
uaag ‘Surg st AuowneY 1ay1ad SurAvjdayor yweyp saquiaw9y
"yoeuaqut
qeIay pue pauoyeny Ava ayp aoaye |]! suonsanb asaya |]Ty
{9[4as991] plo say 02 >eq 08 asnf sayAEA aYs pjnom 40 ‘aBeU e aq or
JUDM aBeU dy S90] {pe $903 10 sada Jay suado Jaya aBeU ay
[aun sdupjeag ysnonp Suoye s9y Seup so saurjapis ayp Uo us ‘910]
Jo zaMod Yai yorshw ke aziyeque JeIWAY ay saoq Suoye 9B Ady
op Moy ‘20 Jt 40 ‘0s J] "Yaog Warp sauTjad a]3BNUIs sry ‘AsIy Ie Ase]
ve ‘are AUB [gas [eYD!eUI SIY YIM ID1JUOD UT ae IOs s]
BeIay s9y YIM Buopy 19H aSepy ay) sa0q MOP &

11 02 sayejar aBeuL INOA Avm ay NOgE
pur sax9ezey S11 anoqe 10] & Aes [pHa sisayTURUE JJas jEOUTUN aya
Ava au_L {spuey Apoojq yatm JaBue ue Jo UoHRsdsut peUOIseI20 Jo
ysey e ‘puaty Aseurseun ue nt sy jreadde seeay atp saop MOF

‘SINOA A]AIVWT|N st UOIs!9ap ay Ing "WUAq

Jes9uad szereayy ay) 2duANYUT []1M asooYD NOA aouassy ayy jUON

-eureout ised Woy ssauisng paystuyun aia[dwos 10 ao1pnfard

MCU ‘pHOM ay Or yoISeUL UIMIAL OL {pUPy sl Jo sO
J] Yam au attosaq 01 a1 sj jepUade srereAy ay st IY
JY] away sraiverwyD anoK st wy

{a1 ptoae 02 10 **+Aupssap aeyp ansind 01 op ays qa IeYAA {21

anoge [99} ays soop Moy pue ‘99s ays sop IeY A [494 aNSAUT 294

uarYyBL4y 11 sa0q] "sayy 10} 21038 UT sey AUTISAp IY Jo TUTY aUIOS sey

4aaamoy ‘a8eur A19Aq "patdnooo yonsku & daay or sBuryp ysnous

aue asaya — 291YUOS ‘amd ‘a¥paymouy "peor ayi jo pua ayr
anoge Yury 02 JUeM 3,UOP ‘sauO Mau ATTEIDAdGSA ‘saSeUT soy
jAuNsaq Jo} paeBay aBeyy nog s90q MOP] «

-asodind siy

SOALIp UOISTA IY ap!dap 01 YBno Ladejd ayp ‘nod ang ‘uoReUNsap

ann syieg sty aq Aypenase ou Aeur saasaioj aewt anod AuNsep

ayyy {Aunquad asq7 aup Jo sjadso8 aya atm 40 jJas zu sty aapr0d

"Waa ystoqe oy ;AdeIDOUYDAL YI MOIYAIaA0 O| {poos sarv—I3

dup 40J a1p OL jAunsap sty sev 9as ynshu sup Soop IY,
jansing ayg sag Aunsag ry

aut] aya Suoye a1ayaauros a10jdxa 01 aIDeIeYD NOAIUEM NOS ey

‘"yBnop ‘seapr auos aay pjnoys nog "uorssas aures AxaAa siysNoLA
daap yurp o2 aaey nod qetp URaUE 2,Usa0p sy] "stpNN s9ys1y
Suipuy inoqe owes v ‘ung Suo] ayp ul ‘si Bey ey J9quaWaY

uolsuadsy ay] :aseyy 16

sno
01 SuinduUr suiaas yey aU
B sisa88ns uondo Au

sod jo xaquunu

TULSA a]q!

J {yap sayio1q nos aBuaae so you
98 ‘sse Yory {AuBuNy ayp pay Nod ]]1Q\ "wes ay UT Yst{dwOI9e
01 24!] p,nos sBuryp Jo suos ayp ano ainBy ‘aprsap Nok aUQ
{MOA 01 UNY suIAas JaxDeILYD Jo PUPY IY A, {SI819a8
uappry-[]9M may e IM a11]2190s e JO prez JNeUITTUA UE YSIIUAIOS
peur Auresg Vy jawed siyp ut Aejd 07 Wem NOA Op OYA *s,1919eIeYD
Ano se ]JaM se UMO INOA YuEUOdUII-]]e axe sUONLANOW
j0q 01 WEA ‘FAde]g ay) ‘NOX OG YA
yjasinod yse 02 suoLIsanb auog
a8euew 02 JaIsva sainaiedap ay pur saxeay9 peor ay)
yew I] YaAaMoy ‘Sur08 a1,noA araya anoge vapr atos Sure}
dew aeyp woxy Apuesyrusis Anesd aedap y]IMm — aues aya —
Aauanof yenaoe ay] "ued janes e pur syreupuey Aaj v "UO!
Jeapr ue yaim ‘deur ese yaeg ay Jo xUrY_] "Moy pu Ay]enau9Aa 03 01
quem nos axaym aunaoid asn{ — aoueape UF INO Je AL 10M 01 aay

sap

1,Uop no 4 "uornsodstpaid & sa] — auawUaie,, piu B 10U st YEG
B aeyP WaAaMmoy YaquIaWay "aaeyag IYstUI uedayUNoD yorIsku
ano4 MOY ANOge SUOTISABNs Jo S10] ao ]]1M YAeY s,98eU IN,

stay
oy sadeys yseg st} "yam punore sBuey aBew nod oym sueniral
Ajaxaur suonnde} sno} YL "]]e IB BuO O1 SBuoJAq ay JI ‘02 sBUO]aq
ay vORIpery ay UeYA sou! io] & suRaM YE saseU
(‘omy saadeys osye aag)

Yd OY] 105 SpUIL] 19X42] qq
ay? 01 UMOp ‘ues yaans e a]quIAsaI Jeqe INOA saop JO ‘ssa;oUIOY
ap djay [Je nod og ;(jsanwaua pup spuary nod urm pjnom rwyp I9e
ue) Araj]e3 ae s,aridwrea v ydesues nod pig {HOWO} Jo xed e UMOP,
ORT Nosed pjo ue padjay nok aavyy (‘saajomosam JO INYpIP
are sadey)) jsaajomaia py jsaridure A jsaSew s9y20 Yas [Rap NOA OG
jsuoruedwod 1ayi0 10 syURAas aavy NOA OG {YO passid nod aaey
OYA\ {padjay NOA aavy oY,\ "wNNoeA ¥ UT sisIxa dnosd ON,

{ystduios." 01 adoy ‘dnos' v se MOA
Op 1keY AA {>8uraay jsan Ape jasaiaqU! WUeWOY ;UOHIaI0Id
Jenanyy j2249802 pueg Aatp pip AYA ;dnoas v se aavy Aap op sjeod
Jey Ing ‘s]eoS uMo say JO sTY sey Feqed ayp Jo aquaW yey

iS[LOD $,[eqUD OY ATV IY A\ ©

WA

/ as

The Traditions

Ni ea

Man makes his world, or is crushed by the worlds made
by others
Denning & Philips, The Foundations of High
Magick
Although the Awakened come in many dif-
ferent flavors, the basic Mage rules emphasize
members of the Council of the Nine Mysti
Traditions over all other factions. Other supple-
E | ments cover Orphans, Technocrats, Nephandi,
Marauders and even hedge magicians, but our
focus for now is the Council. Among all True Magi, the wizards of
the Nine Traditions have the harde:

— and most heroic — role.

They follow balance, and balance is not an easy thing to master.
Each Tradition description follows the same format. General

information comes first, followed by other helpful bits:

Introduction: An overall description of the Tradition and its
history in all its best and worst colors

Philosophy: A statement of the Tradition's general approach
to life, magick and the world.

Style:

An overview of the group's favored style of magick.
This reflects the teachings that Tradition uses and the overall
focus of its Arts.

Sphei

Common Foci: The usual items Tradition members use to
focus their magicks. The

he Sphere the Tradition has master

t methods, foci and rituals a mage
utilizes are left to the individual to choose; these foci are merely
the most common among that particular group.

Or;
barely ha

ition: Some Traditions are very formal, while others
any form of organization at all. This listing reflects the

group's overall makeup and coherence.

Initiation:

ach Tradition has a ritual, task or ordeal a
neophyte must perform in order to join the ranks. Sometimes, the
group comes to you; other times, you must go and present yourself
to them.

Acolytes: The most common subcultures or individuals that
gravitate towards members of that Tradition.

Concepts: The types of people who generally join the Tradi-
tion; helpful for matching a character idea to a group

Quote: A remark which typifies the average Tradition
member's attitude.

Stereotypes:

Each Tradition thinks its way is best. These are
their general takes on the others.

Chapter Six: Character Creation

93

=

NG? Alli
The Akashic Brotherhood

Many magesare perplexed that this Tradition, with its strong emphasis on developing
the body, believes the Sphere of Mind is paramount, but to the Akashic Brotherhood,

mind and body are inseparable. Disciplining the mind can only come with proper
discipline of the body which houses it. Unfortunately, much of the Akashic Brotherhood's
history has seen little more than stereotyping and confusion from the Brotherhood's
Western counterparts.

The Akashic Brotherhood isa rich and ancient Tradition, tracing its origins to the
first village when humanity lived in harmony with the Cosmic All. There the
Brotherhood-to-be learned Do from the Celestines Dragon, Tiger and Phoenix. But
the One splintered again and again until it was many, and those who would become
the Akashic Brotherhood soon secluded themselves in caves, concerned with the
perfection of the self. Their conflict with the Technocracy began early as the
Artificers — those who relied upon tools — set out to enforce the wall between
our world and that of the spirits.

Millennia ago, early Brothers battled a reincarnationist creed who later

grew into the Euthanatos. Appalled by what they saw as a death-cult, the
Akashics began a bitter war which raged for nearly three centuries. Bad blood

exists to this day. Since then, they have been hesitant to enter a conflict

unless provoked. They are well-equipped, however, to fight if need be.
Members of this Tradition are best known for their mastery of
Do, the proto-martial art. Practice of Do (or "The Way," pro-
nounced "doe"

strengthens the body and sharpens the mind,

refining the human being spiritually, mentally, physically and

even primally. Masters of this Art are capable of incredible

feats, often accepted within the popular paradigm, which
rarely attract Paradox. Through Do, Akashic
contemplatives seek perfection and enlightenment, and
with it, Akashic warriors stand powerfully against the
Technocracy and other foes
Understanding Drahma (the Tradition's fabled 10th
Sphere) is vital to this Tradition. Drahma is the wheel
SY of the universe, creation and destruction, birth and
rebirth, past, present and future, and inexorable
fect and right-
action. The Avatar which understa
Drahma is master of its own fate. Through a

destiny. It is both cause-and-
nds its own

sequence of lives, the Avatar progresses to-
wards mastery of Drahma — and Ascension.

Though firmly rooted in Asia, this Tradi-

tion isnotexclusive toany one ethnic group, nation
or even gender. They embrace Koreans, Chinese,
Indians and Westerners alike. "Brother" is an honorific
recognition, nota title. Likewise, the Brotherhood's
contemplative philosophies have made their mark

across the East in such varied forms as Zen, yoga

and Taoism. Do is equally widespread — ele-
ments of it can be found in almost every martial
art

The living heart of the Akashic Brother-
hood is the Akashic Record. Named after
Akasha, the Ascended Avatar who both in-
vented writing and created the Record, it is the
source of all understanding and inspiration for

Akashic mages. Its physical form is written
text, but the

Brotherhood's subconscious resides within

collective record of the entire


a mystick pool. Anything a Brother experiences goes into the
Record, transformed into symbols for others to interpret and
contemplate. With it, Akashic Brothers understand the past,

watch Avatars undergo continuous manifestations and come

closer to Asi

sion
Philosophy: Do not do; simply be. Look within for both
Il. You cannot effect

solution to a difficulty and its cause as v
balance without until you are balanced within as well. Do not seek
to control your enemy, but to guide him. Do not resist opposition
when you can simply step around it

Style: Magick flows from harmony and discipline, a natural
force focused by Do. This Tradition's mages are as contemplativ
as they can be combative, philosopher-warriors who would under-
stand and guide rather simply obliterate. Akashic Brothers (and
all members of this Tradition, whether male or female, are "Broth-

ers") tend to use violence only as a last resort, but can be quite
effective when they do.

Sphere: Mind

Common Foci: Meditation, chanting, sashes (as well as
headbands or robes), Do, purification rites (baths, abstinence,

anointing), weapons

Organization: More so than any other Tradition, Akashic
mages are strongly aligned according to their Essence. Pattern
mages (sometimes called Orange or Saffron Robes) are often
masters of Drahma. Questing mages (or Scales of the Dragon)
ened and believe them-

focus on protecting Sleepers and Awa
selves parts of the Dragon Celestine's body. Dynamic mages
(occasionally called Yogis) master the spirit world, while Primor-
es (sometimes called Blue Skins) are those most dedicated

dial ma

to personal Ascension.

Initiation: This Tradition is no longer as exclusively Asian as
it once was. Most Brothers have been Brothers in past incarna-
tions. Some members prove themselves in the martial arts or
Eastern philosophy before Awakening, while others are observed
from afar by Brothers who plumb the depths of the Record in order
to learn their Avatars' current incarnation. Akashics may be
trained in their Xiudaoyuan (Chantries) for years before being
released from study.

Acolytes: Martial artists, Buddhist scholars, yoga teachers,
herbalists

Concepts: Wandering sage, contemplative warrior, Taoist
hermit, modern knight

Stereotypes

_ ® Celestial Chorus
ignore the role of the indi

* Cult of Ecstasy —
t00 often lose the self in t
are nonetheless valuable.

— They seek wisdom, but
vidual in perfecting the All,
They may be degenerate and
the eternity of Time, but they

* Dreamspeakers — The
Avatars and are to be
spirits

se dancers

have p
shee a ure
admired for their comm

nand of the

* Euthanatos —
lessons of a lifetime
do not trust these
we are only united

* Orde
from their

How can one learn the Drahmie
if the life is intentionally cur? We
pore and dangerous mages, and
ya common enemy,
t of Hermes — They sep;
Art with Meaningless pap
* Sons of Ether — |
their wisdom in tools, buts
ing.
© Verbena
the forest nor th

arate themselves
ers and books.

ike the Artificers, they seck
butare not as proud and demand.

—Lookingat the
hemselyes,

* Virtual
Adepts — Instead of recognizing that

this world i
this world isan illusion, they ty to fiat
Hons to entertain themselves with," MT

* Hollow Ones — The:
a centered self. They ney

trees, they see neither

y are self-centered but lac
ed discipline, a

First you must learn Do, then you must forget Do.
Must you remember to breathe for breathing to
occur? No. Tt is the same with Do.

Chapter Six: Character Creation

azoos ay) SunuMar upese 19.090

ang ‘dIsnu ay? o1 JOARY UMO LY Supe soMPaUOs— s1o19NpUODS
uaa sou 2 ‘Auoyduuds ay ul SUAWNAsU! [ryramod AyreNoTaed
uaaq aavy Avur siaisHoYD zensaysio ue o1 UoUAWOUEYd ay)
Udy] ‘sjat]aq snorsiJa1 au Jo Peavaydn shorts sofew SupesasUt
sploae Mou sns0yD ay) YBnoUp ‘siadaajg jo suoIpEN snoyst]or
dy2 uo aedut! Ue pey aavy sUOHa ays "AfareUN|A) "sO wWoo1
snorSija1 soy ashyeres ay _udag aaey AeuL staisOYD awWog

-popuaosy 294 20 aAey OY asoup o7 UDddey [JIM
yey pur parent aq Jo Aypeangeu andv0 [LAL JoyPoYyaA Aye1adsa

— umouyun are uoneipsuosay aya jo siejnorued ayp ‘Ajoreun

-2OJUP] "TuoUTUTULT st ‘partunas aq |]eYS UE ay UY ‘uoHeTOUODay ay —\
sways oy 11.02 BUN ondAeo0de ue moYyD JENS9]2D aYL

papua Jaadu sey warp uaamiaq — puog
nIoyD ayp paunsoy woyp pasoddo oym asoyp ‘peqeg ay pauoy

skeae sey

pue— Ayyeau oy
‘quawmus9A08 auo "ysunyZD auo YSnosy 917 2 paysiar OYA asou ‘amnany sAatuEWNY
ur Aejd 02 aim Aoyp afr ay s9A0 ads YomNYO uENsUYD JeArrpou sep ur
soflepy ‘sueroasty [!ouNoD Aq UNOUY, [9m st (AYBNOY J aINg Jo PeqeD ay ‘uoRepUNo}
su 02 ‘Aysadoud a10Ur 40) J9PIQ PHO MON AYP YHA UI] suOIpeL] HL

‘sae 1aypo 4q
UMOU}-|]9M 001s! LONNISINbUT ayp Ut ajor stat pue ‘]eaz stay UIE] 001 1UaM 290
slaasloyD dtos ‘AjarwUNUOFUL °s,9UG yp 49A0 Arfead Jo UoIstA stay asodurt
01 Aa) oYM (WOYR S|]e9 sTUOYD ay se) sULAYaMIONY 1 Pue AJeD0NYD2 |,
ayp asoddo Apusasay sirstOYD ‘9]0Y eB se IsoMITY "PHON atp jo sjlAa
aya Avave Suruang ‘aystu aya ur Uoovag vse j]asit sas sMIOYD ayp se ‘aretdoadde
JSOUI SI Uns Bp sv 9UK aYp Jo WIstoquUAs aUaNbay ay] "stadaaig ssaydjay uo Aad
pynom yorya soranua Joyo pue peapun aya ‘Ipueydayy aya — saajom asap wosy
3poy su) SuNoaI01d apnyour satinp soy aya puk ‘saajom sit sey YOY
Aroq aWOS uk siayeIAIeD sv aWOS ‘sUEIPIeNs se aWOS
sgfo1 UDLayIP padvjd oavy siaisOYD ‘A1oxsty NOYsNosY |

SIDIP]OS se

938] Yon [UN Woy 10U pIp sadosd uoIpesy aya
Jl Wada ‘paroness pur Sunod a19m suontpery ,eantwund, ax0ur
dyp Udya qustoUe ‘kydosopyd jeruuaiad w Jo UOHeasayueML
ayp seaaswoya Japisuod spensajag aya ‘smuoyD ay arepard
(euaqiaa, op pue siayvadsumeaiq yp se yons) suolpery
awos a]1Y A "UOIUY] Jo au ayp pu 1d43q jo AseuAp
ITAX 242 02 paoear Aypestioasty aq ued 11 ‘pasnadeyy astM9yI] ST

2uC ayp sv asnf suorstatp AueUT OU panzoeI MOU ‘sUONIpeL |,
We Jo Jaypoyy ayp aq 2 swNE]D a1 Ysnoy] ‘uoIpery rIqe
-1U9A PUL UDIOUL UL SI SNIOYO at ‘pooyrayrorg ayp 9417]

suorsuaosy spremoy AauEUNY []e apINs O2 s} sNICYD yp Jo
Aanp ay], poy s19yp a2e ssodoa|g aya pue ‘spioydays se soaasuayp
aas siaisHOYD ‘eUCO ay? O2 WANIAI OF SI }VOS oIeUIN slay pur ‘axe
pouayemy pur sodeajg yioq are ‘uaippiy> say ‘swuawBey s,2uQ ayL
Cuvyy auunaag pun fyasi] on afr] Suvs au ay | "Buog snouops v Sups 9UQ ay
pun ‘aug arp spm ‘aut azofoq aun ay ur ‘Buruwiag ay2 uy :ABojowsso>
pue Aydosoyiyd uowtos v areys uoMpery, sttp Jo saquiaw []g
"ubNSIYD & AlpeoHeWOINe st JaisHOYD Arad yey oUNsse 07 2ATEU
2q pjhow a ang ‘suonIpen snstayrouow! waIsayx Wo} awd
siamoyjoy 811 ‘Aq]eo1dA |, "stuaashs Jorpag |] ssedwooua oy IUeAUE

N

wi

‘uoIByar-ei9u e INg UOIS!Jar e.10U St SMIOYD [BNS>}AD YL _——_ >
"s2t[eor 01 BUNT] aue siOIDeNAp A1Oy UEY VOLPE, ee

sly? 02 a10UL YonuL st a1dy2 TOAIMOHY "SUOTIIPes | JaYIO ay JO syINoU 919991109 a
ayp ur aasenioaye peg v9] sey feapr uoIsUadsY snoyeaz say ang ‘UNUADOITarApoureyseun — [E,
pue Ajsaa0 age siaisoys aya wey ana st ay "sMIoYD JeASAJED ayp se Aypednue yonu

se Yim pomata aze aaj ang ‘SioyZo aya Aq poorsiopunsiu AJareUIN]N st UORpELL Ye

SNJOYD [PHSI]9D YL

=
=

| V/A

The metaphor of an orchestra is most appropriate for the
Celestial Chorus, for religion and music are intermingled to the Stereot rs

point of inseparability. Music, particularly song, isthe highest form ae types
of spirituality and can never be relegated to merely a form of fine art 6 ashic Bi
or entertainment. Magick ia the music of the Spheres, the Song is Perfect their own

rotherhood — The

} y have lea
voice, but not how t Hass

zs ~ ‘0 sing in
the primal essence of creation, and the Chorus frequently calls Bc Sultry they he AP harmony.
magick "the Song." In Song, many voices are joined into one, and Hscord instead of harmony. one; bur seek
through Song, the Chorister is ever reminded of the One. ® Dreamspeakers — An early §,
Pa . aniee 4 . 7 Lost in the world of ‘arly Song, but unrefined.
Philosophy: All humanity came from the One, and we shall ld of the ;

many, they do not see the One,

not be happy until we return to It. Together, we shall usher the * Euthanatos — The Devil' chord. Dy
Sleepers into a glorious Ascension. As we are guided by the light * Order of Hermes — They nonin yon en:
of the One, so shall our lights guide the Sleeping until we all join otes and wish 0 Sing only for tha ee the individual
" cir
the One's embrace. © Sons of Ether — Thee Be 08 gain,
Style: These mages focus their Art with faith and purpose. To slightly less proud tha fometheans are only

n the Technocracy.

them, their Artis the touch of the One. They are but Its fingers and * Verbena — They have the

Its tongue Although we must now trist them, ye a insulin Song.
Sphere: Prime them, em, we will not embrace
Common Foci: Fire and light, song (and rarely musical * Virtual Adepts — They ¢

instruments), water or oil, holy symbols, touch. the note, ey confuse the instrument for
Organization: The Celestial Chorus is strictly (many would __ * Hollow Ones —They seek the S

say stiflingly) hierarchic, retaining much of the structure estab- voice. '¢ Song, but without a

lished during the Roman Republic. Rank and status are quite
formal. Many informal factions exist within the Chorus, however,
based upon patterns of religious belief (Judaism, Zoroastrianism,
etc.) or ideology. Choristers frequently quibble about the Chorus'
future, the One's possible gender, the value of heterodoxy, etc.
Holding such views is no longer as dangerous as it once was.
Initiation: Choristers often seek their recruits in church-run
organizations with asocial outreach. Some spontaneously Awaken
through powerful religious experiences — particularly those in-
volving music — without the assistance of the Chorus. Apprentices
undergo a rigorous catechumenism prior to formal vows.

Acolytes: Priest, cantor, social worker, the faithful
Concepts: Evangelist, poet, theologian, witch-hunter, healer

Look twithin yourself to see the burning spark of the One,
and let it burst forth in song!
We are many, but fue act in concert.
Altuays listen to the songs of those around you,
and never forget the One, our origin and our destiny.

Chapter Six: Character Creation 7


-doajse urewias pjnoys ‘mouy Aayp ‘S4]0}

2 A
AINE ma "ULES s,uoHIped | ay asuTese s903 YuIs uaYyO eS
Wenes | Perl Uy: zl y XX ;
BC
—j

,SUORMINSUL, asatp_YOTYM 01 LORRO]dxe ayp fapen
Snip 40 Ansnpur xas oy ur sredionued Ajazer Joy

ay UO aNZ ayp ‘yarfaq rendod o1 ArenUOD "SAUD Jo
pury asiom atp are — uonsnnisap-jjas pue uorssaaddo
Jo SwOJ J9y20 pu UONIppe ‘ader "apinut ‘aproins
— J9s s,au0 arejora yotya sive ‘suorssed paises ay) UO
paseq st apoo s1ay Jo YonuL os 2ouIg "a]qisuodsax Aqpes9Uas
2ue saSeur 21eIS9g ‘autos o1 Wes ABUL aI se AUR
"sone
Jo apoo pur Aydosoyryd uounuos e Japun Aquo paarun ae
Aayp SAjuo atueu ur UORIpes L, B S19]ND ay. ys s9ysTY ay
jo unsind ut siaiuzeq 779 aresan1jqo 01 — Aydosoyryd soy
s,dnoa8 ayp 03 J91UNOD suNA UONE|NBax 10 AIMED Jo 120s
Aue aeya azipea1 pueasiapun oy asoyp yND ayp jo ,uonesa
-uaBap,, oy 2k speay tly ayeys sadeu aareasasuo> as0ut

Go

3]YA\ "UoRIpery, asiaarp siya Jo aoe} snorago asow ay
Aquo st opsiam arddry ayp ‘yan uy -pauoas Ajjemadied

pu Aqoyane jo snomaduiauos ‘snoyjaqas dwayun
Aqpensn st ay ssteaquoy ayqeaoadsas axow sty 02 ou,
-tuasar ait] steaq astyng) perrdAioarays ay,
"001 pauoas Anjazd Yoo] p,nos
‘Quo se aunany puke quasaid ased mes sheaye NOA jt
re ey -IYBIs aUIA Jo s19ayo ay az1UBODAI S:
ing ‘asn Snap aarssaoxa o2 siya aanquMe ssepts
-aze8 AeMerey HOY 10} UMOUY Alensn are soneISIg "ospe
syp18ew uondasiod ae adape aue sistync Aueyy "Jexoduraa
ayp Jo Araaseu says 10} IND yp Ieaq 02 a]qe U9Aq Sey

auo ou ‘sieay yons pardasoe aay sdnosd soyio Ysnowp]y
"wean au oy ssozse — paduinf ua

auawos pue
— poyoo] oy ‘siaag Area ay 01 paripaio uayo st uy
styp Jo 20uaxs1xo A194 ayp !9U00y s,UOINIpeL | step stow |

"spoypaut
rap Jo ssaoons ay Auap pjnod duo ow ang ‘(souorYD jo s1aag
ayp sv Ustp UMOUY) syorIshw Burddin ayp ye aouEyse PaxOo]
sprezim 1YIO "Was |!IUNOD Nay soneIsog ay OM ‘s19q
-wow Bu1punoy aya Jo a2uanboya aya yt paydnos Wweay sry L
"aul | Jo solepunog aya ased diys 01 shea paxaaoosip Aoyp

‘squsmtadxa soy yBnosy "Aresso9u sueaw Aue ysnonp
quaumuarysijua pansind oym soneisog jo spueq pazuesio
WO4y 9801 J]9811 IND AY "Tea4 JOU st pue st YM Jo suoN

jaouoo sy snyp pue suondaoiad say Suuaye Aq auepunu

ayp daasapis 01 ayBnos aaey Asorsty anoysnomp sonshur ‘sjaaez

ueiskuoig 01 sisanbuorsta Jearoque wo "Aroasty YH e sey INS ay.

‘gouapuaosuen 02 speod ‘Ast I ‘palouoy-autn are sBnup pue aouep ‘xas ey?
Je04 saajastuayp so1eassg aya ang, 's

,, Pa]]e>-0s siaaseyy auNT | aya dN

umoy so8vul JIC ‘s]Jem UU! UALO INO' PuoAag Year Ayn NOs UeI— eIOdUIDI

uoaa ‘eoBojoayp ‘[eI20s — satureq A19Aa Sutpuaosuen Aq A[uo Ieyp :ssoupeut
quazedde s3[nQ ayp puryag poy ays ‘"Zaaamoy ‘sstut Say] "sBnup Jo ]]Ny speay pue
suas jo |]ny S249 Yala s19S0] Se Jo AseIS9J Jo SISH]ND oyp aI SUOHIPe! | IYI soy

Aseysoy Jo HIND YL


The code of the Cult stresses individual freedom, tempered

with a responsibility to those who do not understand. Like the Stereotypes

Akashic Brothers and Verbena, Ecstatics attune themselves to the * Akashic Brotherhood — Th
energies within. Such energies are then stimulated with drugs, dogmatic about it —The right idea, but way too
sexual arousal, music and other activities to bring on an altered * Celestial Chorus — Walk r

« » are ‘us — F oe]
state. Most Cultists vz eir chosen "vices" often, since any fc on. Ts alking ary wii
tate. Most Cultists vary their chosen "vices" often, since any form lion. Talk about uptight! g arguments for rebel-
of stimulation loses its potency with overuse. Addiction to a * Dreamspeatea an Hs
e vice, ) oversi D1 general, spells doom for the 1 beakers— The roots .
certain vice, or to overs timulation in general, spells doom for the would just loosen up ts of our Art; now if they
foolish. Cultists walk a very thin line ° Euth :

Music is the most powerful Ecstatic tool. Strong rhythms and © Gider of Forsake life for death? No thanks!
complex harmonies unlock and channel the sacred inner passions eas a termes — Oh, please! As if there wa I
‘ay to work 3. vas only

Few Cultists work their magick without some form of chant, ce ee Get a life! ny
dance, drumming or song. The Tradition's greatest achievement ZS ‘ons of Ether — This is what science ought to be!
was perhaps the popularization of rock music. Whether the pio- is erben# They throw greae pail se
neers of rock-n-roll were Awakened or mundane is open to debate, ghten up, though, ig could
but no one can debate the influence the Cult has had on rock's rs Vintuial Adepts —Ascension's bes hope today, : 4
diversity and forms — or its popularity. Concerts, particularly bad they're such dicks, thope today, Too"
those which stir up lots of raw emotion, are common Cultist hang: * Hollow One:

D e nes —Their black veils bli
ones. possibilities, lack veils blind them to our

Philosophy: Tune in to the song within yourself. Stretch
your fingers past the bars of your private cage, and lift yourself
beyond the limits. Anything is possible! Life is a gift, and most

poor bastards never get past the wrapping paper.

Style: The Cult's magick comes from sidestepping limita-
tions both within and without. As soon as you believe a given set
of rules, they teach, you must break them to gain further enlight
enment. This rebellious credo allows E

‘static mages to advance
quickly and spectacularly, though Paradox picks off the careless
ones. Their Arts usually involve perception (and the twisting of
same) through tapping into the sacred passions.

Sphere: Time

Common Foci: Dance, music, sex and sensuality, drugs
(usually natural, not man-made), incense, candles, art

Organization: Nomadic and anarchistic, Ecstasy Cultists
wander the world in search of new thrills and converts. Concerts,
tribal gatherings and raves are common meeting sites. Rank is an
informal matter; status is based on mutual respect. Large meetings

are unusual, and often serious, affairs. Though pigeonholed as

unreliable, an Ecstatic mage is perfectly re: ble about attend-

ing Chantry meetings — so long as there's a reason for one.

Initiation: Likely candidates are usually offered a chance at

enlightenment, anything from a peyote visionquest toa prolonged
hike or lodge sweat. Their reactions are watched afterward, and
Awakened visionaries are asked to join. Recruits are chosen for
commitment, principles and often talent or looks.

Acolytes: Groupies, entertainers, thrill-seekers, hippie-types

Concepts: Musician, dancer, Deadhead, medievalist, vaga-

bond, modern primitive

GF YOU CANT LOCK BEYOND YOUR OM NOSE. YOU HAVE TILT YOURSELF TS BLAME.
DUMP YOUR BURDENS. AND LEARN HOW FAR YOU CAN REALLY SEE. Q°OES THAT SEEM
SELFISH OR TRIVIAL EINE! AAT LEAST $ LL KNOW THAT $ VE LIVED WHETIT'S TIME T° DIE!

Chapter Six: Character Creation 99


Dreamspeakers

Born before time, this primordial Tradition now stands for the dispossessed, for
those whose cultures have been overthrown like the land itself. These shamans,
joined in a marriage of convenience, find a common cause in the fate of the spirit
landscape — a fate their own people understand. Some Traditions battle the
Technocrats out of idealism. For the Dreamspeakers, the fight is personal.

When the Convocation was called, searchers went out to the farthest
lands. There, they found people who had achieved balance with the spirits
of nature. Though few of these believed in the Technocratic threat,
had experienced visions that convinced them to join the strangers' cause.
Because of these visions, those who came back to Horizon were
christened "Those-Who-Speak-With-Dreams." Then the
troubles began. No one knew or understood their languages or
cultures. Ata loss, the Council appointed the newcomers

few leaders and left them to figure things out themselv

the time these leaders had overcome tribal rivalries, lan-
ouncil

ome

guage barriers and xenophobia, the rest of the
treated them all as one group, renamed the Dreamspeakers.

This Tradition's people have had a rough time. Their
eized and stripped during the Age of Explora-
tion. When European mages pontificated about "progress,"
many Dreamspeakers went back home or grew bitter with

lands were

their counterparts. Even today, a nasty undercurrent exists
between the native Dreamspeakers and the people whose
Despite this, the Tradition's for-

ancestors stole their lands.
ve recently risen. As industry gobbles up nature, even

tune

Sleepers return to the old ways. As the most primal Tradition,

f! // the Dreamspeakers have attracted many followers. The Earth,

however, is ailing, and the shamans know Her pain all too well.
Beyond the

intlet, they can see the spiritual hat "progress"

sets in motion. Many of these shamans are angry, and that fury
guides their Art.

Even less militant members defend their lands. To this Tradi-
tion,all things are sacred and alive. They see the spirits, and they
know. Dreamspeakers retain their ancestral ways and often live
among their native people — Africans, Native Americans, Ab-
origines and more "backwoods" Europeans and Asians who
remember the times before cities and lords. Because of their rustic

manner and clannish habits, most outsiders dismiss them as
throwbacks. The Tradition's loose structure and leadership
doesn't help impressions.

Of all Traditions, the Dreamspeakers are perhaps the
most dive s is both a strength and a liability. Because
they have no internal politics to worry about and no leaders to
strike at, the Dreamspeakers are a resilient bunch. The same
disunity that led to their lands' conquest, however, makes it hard to
work lasting changes. Some Dreamspeakers are kindly visionaries,
but others never leave the war-path. All share a common bond with
the Earth and Her spirit children, an Art that relies more on visions
and prayers than on skill or power, and a dream of rebirth when their
people will grow strong again.

Philosophy: This wasteland you call the "real world" is merely a
phantasm, a transient whisper of the spirits. We know Earth for what
She is —a mother whose children have grown too proud. Someone
must take care of Her, and that's our task. We seek the pathways
behind what you call dreams, for our peoples' wisdom predates your
wonder-machines and will survive after they have gone.

ET

Style: Dreamspeakers believe their Art comes entirely from
the Dreamers, or spirits; thus, their foci call such spirits and ready
the mind to speak with them. Their Arts are strongest in lands
where the Technomancers' paradigm has not yet taken root: the
jungles of South America and Africa, the wilds of Siberia, Inner
Asia and Australia. In the modern world, where the Gauntlet
stands firm, their magick weakens.

Sphere: Spirit

Common Fo
ordeals, prayers, images, natural drugs

Organization: Very loose; many Dreamspeakers are nomadic
and solitary. Others claim certain areas as their protectorates and
¢ to defend them. Rank, such as itis, is based
ional votes, not on titles or power. Some-
begin again, and other Dreamspeakers must

Bones, feathers, dances, music and song,

ally with shapeshift
on respect and oc

times, tribal rivalrie
step in to stop the fighting. In midsummer and during bad times,

the Tradition calls gatherings to exchange news and insights,
and celebrate.
initiation is in many ways the pinnacle of the

settle dispu

Initiation:
Dreamspeaker Path. Spirits choose most shamans — those who

seek such destiny rarely find it. Dreamspeakers on the cusp of
Awakening often seem unstable; they see glimpses of the Umbra
and visions of hidden truth. Initiation is often personal — one
goes, or is taken, on a visionquest where he undergoes hardships
both real and spiritual. Many times, he dies and is reborn. Some-
times other shamans observe the newcomer, but the visionquest is
often suffered alone. When it ends, the Avatar usually takes the
shape of some patron spirit — often an animal with some signifi
cance to the mage — and guides him to others of his kind.

s: Garou, environmentalists, neo-shaman, native

Acoly'
activists
Concepts: Shaman, hermit, ecologist, visionary, warrior

| WALK wHere THE DREAM IS REAL.

| DANCE TO THE HEARTBEAT OF THE WORLD.

Stereotypes

simesr Aktthic Brotherhood —
imes when wespoke to 5
themselves. oe

They remember the ancient
ut they now rely too much on

__ * Celestial Chorus — We
indoctrination. If only the
wholeness which they do.

* Cult of Ecstasy —
ecstasy, of breaking the b
out of selfishness.

chafe under their attempts at
'y could see that we seek the same

They understand the necessities of
oundaries of the self, but they do it

* Euthanatos — Wh,
ibe 10 are these people, con
ark spirits, who claim to know the tr ony
ae ue cycle of death and
* Order of. i
lees a a ee — Their Art is sterile and meaning-
pele s for true wisdom. They seek s
as much as the Technocracy does =
j ‘ons of Ether — Their Science
the Technocratic abominations, bu
tic control over the natural world
* Verbena— Thi ;
a — They are close to us,
ee : ¢ tous, but must lea
‘yond the quantified forms to the world of ai be a
* Virtual Ad <D
: a lepts — Sad. They'd rey
an illusion of their own artifice a
* Hollow Ones — They've
sy ithin, not without. Ifonly they cou!
as they love themselves

s more heartfelt than
ut they still seek mechanis-

learned to seek wisdom
Id love the worldas much

1 ANA ONE WITH NATURE — THE WOLF, THE BEAR, THE OWL.
NYYour WORLD IS BLIND, YOUR SPIRIT DYING.
Conse WITH MAE TO THE HEART OF NATURE.,
SHARE OUR DREAMS, AND YOU SHALL LIVE.

Chapter Six: Character Creation 101

I


"Anyeag 1900 JaMod Warp seats a]>4—
ap Suipuersiapuy, ‘sjoor Surysear uowwos ase speapro peotskyd wana
pu aoueyp jo sawed "spurjmopeys ays ort sdin wo0Ys pue ssurja2g
2uep yBnomyp Yager pue tpeop jo sisaya aya Apms sayy "dnosd
aoyio Aue ueyp sanaq Aaigeqord jo sumop pue sdn aya pueisiapun
Qearg ap prim uoNDaUUOD JAY YBNosy |

soreueyang oy ‘9]

-qytu quauino ayp oy Umep feNaUAAa UE UI aAat]aq
Jay — sastundo ‘Kem nays ur ‘are soreueyang "yaiqes
Jo} Buryrou saavay SuryrAsaaa jo pua ayy — sOAsay JaqwAIT
Yala soug uaTyeg au sapveq UoMpesy ou ‘feapt 1pueyday
ay pue aaroalgo s,yaeaq poo aya uaaaiaq drysury Bur
-uiaas at a1idsag] "suoseau snoraqo 40} ‘Teaoadde yon yaa

JOU! JOU sey LONSaBTns sty] "Buruutsaq mau ¥ uo Buz 01
Surand eqoys e padan aavy sisas awaNxa aWOg "JUaAad or
Auge s,uonipesy, Aue puodag are pom wapour atp jo sat

-sastu oy |, Way passedins aay 03 seadde sau aya ‘A]pes
LL" Osh F

-UQ) waIg oY UIOf ApseYJooy ayp ‘shem sIOYA aBUEYyD
pu quvoag ssapuayo auiog "parjdde st — ajo s1uuey
ay OUT Ye WNIOIA aU Pas 02 paUsIsap Bur[Py e—

ypeaq poog ayp a10jaq sia8ze3 say wuoya1 01 adware

duos a}feUU | [LM ISOPY "UMOp WAY IUNY pue saoznos aya

juiodurd ‘Aesap jo sasnes aya yueasaz 01 sy>1Seu say
rIpON

durpua ue you ‘Aauanof ayp ut daas e ApUO

Aojdura asoyy "ssajaze9 soreueyrng ap ax

si ypeap ‘wap oJ "studs 11 se plqiour se 10U st UOReUIOSEy StU
‘qreap Surpunouins syuaui0W ay UF assay IeaW8 e Ae|dsIp Op
soweurypng you Ysnoy J "warp Uaars sey AUSap Uapang ay
swag Ajduris Aap Sanuy Ajasea St sty], "asn|poojg 405 "yse2 & YONS
10} Aressa9au 0s ‘JouUOD |EUoHOW 2Y31 sayp ayers! SIAPISINC)
AIploo ysea staYA noge O8 soreuYINg way ‘Yarfaq o1 AseIUOD

uoneuruuaiap
wWH3 yam Aoesay JeEp ansind |pas Aayp ‘pplom uzapour ayp Uy -ajqissod
Ava yax1p ISOu! ay I Jo a1e9 Yoo: puke UONeUseIS pue ArasIU Mes

Aayp pawney9 soreueyang ay J "uatp Wadd suoMpUoD BuULAI] s,eIPUy
uoal ‘oneuBesd AJa19W sem — yeag poop ayy — aonoeId
ayp papadun

noyp ‘soos SorwuLYP oy? OL "eMYEIG] Jo a2.
sidas asaya ‘soryseyy ay2 OL "IW punoy Aoyp J9Aa0yM uoRdra
-109 No Surpaam ‘uoHeUZeIUTAL YBnoxtp ssaxZosd UeUNY IYsHOS
,so8eu yaeap, atp ‘ssaasord paw,

dn sieqeay oy pue uoneuseoutaL
ur paaatjaq sdnoss yioq yBnotpyy "euLND0p jo saouaiayIp 1940
LOISSIU DIYSeAY papeq — sos" pue eURMoYg ‘eINpUeFy

ay) — siauunsaioy soreueying "ya sastYyD a0Joq suea4 paspuny,
aouyL ‘aw jo Suruurdaq aya sours swajqoad pey sey uoNIpery
styp ‘sjatjaq s1qeay Jeonasay pue npurpy "aaiH jo wesjeue uy

srowmns ay
puryaq — stpnn autos pue— suondaouosstu Auewi are axa] Joop
s,uonipea J atp ae stor0y satpo pue wisuidurea ‘Aouewors9U
‘gprooua' ‘oanqioy "apanur Jo saBueyp Av] sapisino soy
"way? UO LeU S11 yay sey UONENTUT s9Yp Jo , ypeap Jug,
ayp "yeap UI Au0]3 10U op soreuRYNg ayp YBnoIppYy
-uoneandas peq
SoIwuRYyINg ay Jo auos surefdxa peasp sty] "s19UIAIS9,\
sou saytusay adasu0d ay "din JayoUR 104 ‘sdeysad *y3eq
sn spas pue Aajenprtarput sno savezait]go ‘umop sn syeaaq
YOrya Sunjewug reap ayp urofar am ‘Aynydof ‘Aynsured
‘AMO[g "IP aM ‘syIG sno Jo IAUIOW ay? WoIy

sojeueyjny


Euthanatos are a pragmatic lot; they study weapons, poisons,
dark magicks and vampirism as closely as they can. Though most
pity the Restless Dead for remaining trapped within their identi-
ties, few hesitate to use a ghost for their own ends. Yet they are
known throughout the Council for their fairness and compassion
for those who deserve it. Many work as doctors or healers, assisting
those they can save and helping on those whom they cannot. For
them, Kali, the Dark Mother, is a perfect symbol. She gives life,
and she takes it away.

Philosophy: Things fall apart. Night descends over day.
Everyone dies, even us. The Wheel weeps for noone. But morning
always comes. That's part of the deal. It all comes around again.
How can you doubt that this is natural? Death is only a brief le
We're just trying to wake the Sleeper up before its too late.

Style: Euthanatos magick flows from their attunement with
the Great Cycle, or Wheel, which they often personify as any
number of birth/death deities (Kali, Persephone and Baron Samedi
being the most common). Some draw upon this Cycle by entering
a mild trance or focusing their will through cards, dice or lots. A
few modern Euthanatos use the trappings of mortality — bones,
skulls, graveyard dirt, etc. — while others work through purified

weapons.

Sphere: Entropy

Common Foci: Dancing, dice, cards, weapons, bones, in-
cense, song, candles, meditation

Fairly loose and democratic; most Marabouts

Organization:
(Chantries) maintain autonomy and decide all policy from within.
Meetings are held on the first day of every month. An enforcer
group, the Freedom Razor, is said to police the Tradition for
Nephandic taint and supposedly answers to the mysterious Con-
sanguinity of Eternal Joy. Another faction, the White Band,

administers to the needs of those Sleepers who can be saved.

Initiation: All new members must undergo the agama ("short
death"), a near-death experience which takes them into the
Underworld for a long moment to savor mortality and the wisdom
of the Great Unmaking. From there, initiates either decide to stay

or come back to join the Tradition.

Acolytes: Occultists, right-to-die activists, doctorsand nurses,
detectives
Assassin, vigilante, health care worker, wander-

Concepts
ing priest(ess)

Stereotypes

* Akashic Brothe
ethood —Once, they w

still feel the pain, Never trust. Never forger eae ME
gg Citlestial Chorus — They shift the bl
state of the world from theirown
and refuse to see that w
* Cult of Ecstasy
own, but we 1

lame for the sad
shoulders to some anti-god
Il make our own Paths

— Our roots |;

s lie tangled with the
Jt we look upon the truths they hide fiom:
Teamspea — is f
wit remenekes Our distant cousins who know the

¥ ers but see little of
a A ¢ of our presey sit
them, the Wheel is frozen in time. Pet uation.
* Order of Hermes — P
much on toys and know

roud and bluste

f ry, they rely too
paiva nothing of the forces behind them
They, os of Ether —Living proof th :
ey distill the Technocracy' ‘
marvels, Shs

at science has merit,

trash heap into working

* Verbena —
much time dancing
prints.

* Virtual Adepts
as ha nee oer think they can live forever
aca ‘achines? The computer eats the
aves behind nothing but flab. spike:
* Hollow Ones TI

real thing bit them on the
night.

ur spiritual kin, tho

ugh they spend
and not enough tim H 4

ie reading the foot-

hey claim to know death, bucif the
ass, they'd run Screaming into the

W HY DO YOU HOLDON SOTIGHTLY TO YOUR SELF?
IT IS ONLY A SHELL, AND SHELLS CRACK.
‘YOUR SPIRIT IS THE TRUE IMMORTAL.

Chapter Six: Character Creation 103


The Order of Hermes

Each Tradition claims a grand and ancient history, but few can boast as rich and
momentous a lifeline as the Order of Hermes. Inheritors — or survivors — of the
illustrious Hermetic Houses of the European High Mythic Age, these haughty mages
epitomize the classical wizard: hunched over arcane codices, they translate esoteric
numerologies and divine the arcane keys to the universe.

Once, this Tradition consisted of many smaller mystick Houses, micro-
Traditions grouped together by a common ideology, honor code and
magickal approach. To the Hermetics, magick — or "the Art" — was
a quantifiable field of study, much like science or grammar, with set
rules of theorems and logic. With enough study and dedication,
reality could be mastered through knowledge and skill. Though
their main teachings came from Egyptian and Hebrew mysticks, the
Orders incorporated variations as they spread their influence across
Europe during its Dark Ages
Hermetic magi were among the first to recognize that shared
beliefs established a certain paradigm under which magick became
easier or more difficult. With this knowledge, the Hermetics began
a grand experiment: living and operating in the public eye, they
spread belief in their magick throughout their sphere of influence
— the first attempt to guide the beliefs of Sleepers on a massive
scale. Unfortunately, their Order of Reason rivals learned the lesson
all too well. While the Houses battled each other, the Church and the
descendants of the Wyck, the Technocrats ultimately stole consensual
reality from under the Hermetics' noses.

Irwas a Hermetic magus, most accounts say, who began the formation
of the Council of Nine. Unfortunately, they soon learned that their
divisions paled when compared with the magickal practices of the world
at large. Foreign groups soon forced the Houses to unite under one
Hermetic Tradition, a "slight" the Order has never forgotten.

The Order of Hermes loathes the Technocracy for its role in the
Order's "fall," and they carry the fight to all fronts. Through intellectual
appeal, political and social control, and the New Age press, the Order
hopes to undermine the Technocratic paradigm and bring the Wheel of
Fortune back their way. Sadly, this effort has been undercut by the
Tradition's insistence upon detailed ritual, secrecy and dedicated study.
Few modern mystics have the time or patience to master the Hermetic
Arts.

Hermetic formality is more than snobbishness; it isa mark ofhonor,
distinction and discipline. These magi are aware that few others could
match their dedication, and feel they have earned the respect they
demand. Learning is more than a chore for these magi — it isa passion
for knowledge, an endless curiosity about the universe's secrets.
Discretion is likewise a necessary trait; the Order knows how many

rivals would steal those secrets for their own. The Technocracy's
~ rise shows what happens when the keys to reality fall into greedy
hands.

Magi with perseverance, however, reap great rewards. Her-
metic magick harnesses elemental power and ancient bargains
with Umbrood lords. The Order's work ethic allows such magi
access to massive libraries, the Umbral Courts, longevity spells
and Doissetep, the most powerful Chantry in existence. No
other Tradition commands the raw influence — mortal and
otherwise — of the Hermetic Houses. The cost, however, is

considerable: long years of apprenticeship, endless politick-
ing, dedicated study and subservience to magi who measure


| atesaeean ba ee aE LE EE TT

theirlives in centuries. To top it off, most other Traditions distrust
the Hermetic ones, fearing, perhaps rightly, that the wizards plan
to take control if — or when — the Ascension War is won.

Philosophy: Our teachings are too profound and complex for
the weak-minded to comprehend. Thus, we must hide them in
metaphor and teach them in analogy. Though it remains our duty
to guide the Sleepers (and our fellow Traditions) to Ascension,
the truths we know are so powerful that only the wisest magi may
receive them unbound.

Style: Hermetic mages are consummate scholars, studying
ancient lore and preserving revered truths. The Order revels in its

secrecy and utilizes a secret language in its magickal workings and
society. Hermetic magick taps the elemental flow through ritual
incantations, signs, seals, secret names and other classical para-
phernalia. Such magick isdifficultand complex touse, but bestows
potent results.

Sphere: Forces

Common Foci: Circles and sigils, languages and numbers,

gems and jewelry (particularly showstones), elaborate rituals,
pentacles, formulae, ritual objects (wands, swords, goblets, etc.)

Organization: The Order of Hermes relies upon hierarchy

and discipline to maintain its secrecy. Deeply formal, this Tradi-
tion has rigidly codified regulations about proper behavior,
teachings, forms of address and such. Beneath the umbrella of the
Order, the many Houses still exist as factions within the Order, a
fact unknown to most other Tradition mages. Though the stron-
gest —Tytalus, Ex Miscellanea, Quaesitor, Bonisagusand Flambeau
— date from the Mythic Age, new Houses (Janissary, Thig, Shaea
and Fortunae) have arisen since the Council began.

Initiation: Recruits often come from academia, where prom-
ising students are taken aside and rigorously tested, sometimes for
years. New apprenticesare sent to College Chantries (see Chapter
Three), then given in service to their Masters (often called
"mater" or "pater") for long apprenticeships. Initiation is highly
formal and ritualistic with dates determined by astrological con-
junction. Some apprentice classes are even seen as more significant
than others based upon the astrological alignments of a given year.

Acolytes: Mathematicians, members of secret organizations
(CIA, mystic orders, the Arcanum), scientists, scholars, publish-
ers

Concepts: Scholar, astrologer, alchemist, linguist, magician

| speak the secret language.

| know the meanings of numbers.

| perceive more subtle truths
than your unsophisticated mind can fathom.

\ Stereotypes

* Akashic Brotherhood
— While they seek wi

and have found peace, they lack Rowieiad aa
res Celera Chorus — Servants of their

ith, rigid dogmatis i:

* Cult of Eestasy — Th

found in breaking :
doomed to failure.

f their own fear and
ze that we shapé our

y believe that tru
b th can be
thestules; this is folly, and they are
* Dreamspeake:
‘ ts — Those
spirits do not understand the ast
time is over.

" ly play with
magnitude‘of magick. Their

* Euthanatos —
agiinctthe antes — Dangerous, bat so long as they Work
fechnocracy, we will permit them to work with
uss

¢ Sons
Fis, that what tee _ " see mad Technomancers could
t y seek can be accomplish:
Art ae their juvenile "science dies ea
erbena — Theirs is a sprimi relies
= s_a »primitiy,
pfson of the Art. Let them dance in their her ‘ wee
onot rely upon them: re eantensbus
© Vire e}
iinges See nr shee ‘Technocracy's stink still
- They're useful, but trust the
ee "re them not.
hie he e oo — Childish anarchistic bastards who
¥ can.simply-forswear millennia of magical

knowledge mer
ely by elaickin, 4
to be spanked Poy claiming "independence." They need

Chapter Six: Character Creation


NG ||

= Sons of Ether

Weird Science! Dreams for a Better Tomorrow! Utopia! All of

gg aS these slogans can be applied to the Sons of Ether, the Council's most

L hopeful Tradition. Sometimes mistrusted, barely understood and
"a usually under-appreciated by other Traditions (and frequently
used as the Technocracy's scapegoat), the wildly optimistic
Sons of Ether represent the hope and wonder too frequently lost
in today's world.
—— ip . The Sons of Ether have historic ties to both the

Council of Nineand the Technocracy. Their ideologi-
cal rootscan be traced to the ancientGreek philosopher
Aretus, author of what is now called the Kitab al
Alacir. This treatise contains two parts: the first

4 | posits a single Essence which all things are made of,
| ultimately called Ether. The second part contains an

'y) .— ontological discussion of reality and discusses how
: this single Essence was differentiated throughout

a creation. According to the Kitab al Alacir, enlight-

al ~ <4 ened scholars — "Philosophers" — could effect the
SS world through the workings of the will.

) This scroll was lost to history for centuries.

4 = q 3 When it was discovered, almost simultaneously, in
two variants, it gave rise to the Natural Philosopher's
Guild, a magickal society based around Will-Science.
This group went through many changes — including

the disbanded Solificati — before congealing in the

1860s into the Electrodyne Engineers, a Technocratic

x

Convention. From the beginning, the Engineers quar-
| reled with their allies. To them, the ideals of Science
| and civilization were more important than world
| domination. The Technocracy finally decided to
} squash the egalitarian upstarts by discrediting the Ether.

This act proved intolerable, and the Electrodyne Engineers
j resigned, reforming within the Council of Nine as the Sons of

Ether.
] As members of the Council, the Sons of Ether still consider
i themselves Scientists (as opposed to scientists) and believe that they
work for the betterment of humanity. Although no longer membe:

of the Technocracy, they still find their theories and accomplish-
ments choked by bland "scientific laws." Although many Sons treasure

old-fashioned honor and aesthetics, they're an optimistic bunch.

=) While many Traditions bemoan their past glories, the Sons of Ether

speak ofa grand and glorious future. Now these Scientists boldly seek

s this future, whether sailing the winds of Etherspace, exploring the

FEB lost and hidden Hollow Earth or fighting the Technocracy with ray
k © guns and jet-packs.

A fierce rivalry still exists between the Technoc

Sons of Ether. The Sons resent the Technocracy for their strangle-

hold on Science, while the Mirrorshades dislike the free-spirited

cy and the

‘Z

ve) Science the Sons employ, Science better fitted to Victorian or pulp
science-fiction. Unlike the Technocracy, the Sons of Ether do not
ry wish to force their accomplishments upon humanity. They want to
inspire the world, for this spark of inspiration is what will free the
— =} world and lead it to Ascension.

Philosophy: Creation, the spark of imagination, is the road
to Awakening; even Sleepers share its excitement. The inner
vision which leads to invention and creation will bring us to the
future. The Technocracy will fail because they lack inspiration,

and they offer no future. We do.

Style: These are not mages, but Scientis
outlook, they rely heavily upon "scientific" foci: mad inventions,
weird processes and arcane physics. Their gadgetry often combines
Sleepers' sense of wonder with scientific wizardry and may be
either wildly vulgar or marginally coincidental. The most ad-
vanced Sons learn to transcend their inventions, but many prefer
their odd devices to the mundanity of plain magick, even when
they know better.

Sphere: Matter

Common Foci: Inventions, electricity,
chemicals, wind/water/solar power, meters, experiments, weap-

! Because of their

Ether goggles, strange

ons, vehicles
Organization: The Sons of Ether are (some would say hope-
club pattern developed

lessly) rooted in the Victorian men:
during the days of the Electrodyne Engineers. Rank is rather
formal, based upon Scientific accomplishment and know-how.
Many Sons work alone, pursuing their pet theories or researching
long-discarded ones. Ego-rivalries are common and often resolved
with Science-battles in wild Realms. These visionaries communi-
cate largely through their journal Paradigma, which acts asa forum
for Scientific advancement as well as political argument. Al-
though called "Sons" of Ether, many female Scientists — who
dislike their colleagues' Victorian demeanor — belong to this
Tradition.

Initiation: Most Sons of Ether tend to come from academic
environments, although Scientific prodigies are welcome. Pro-
spective candidates are "offered" a copy of the Kitab al Alacir, and
their observations are noted. It's said that the treatise itself can
spark Awakenings. Afterward, the prospective candidate is in-
vited to an informal forum with Sons of Ether, in order to discuss
matters of Science — testing the candidate's knowledge and
probing for the sense of wonder so necessary in Scientific advance-

ment.
Eccentric inventors, mechanics, golems, robots,

Acolytes

SF fans
Concepts: Mad scientis

bold explorer, gentleman scholar

, gadgeteer, Ethernaut, pulp hero,

Real Science comes not from sterile laboratories,

but from the spark of imaginalion!

Stereotypes
* Akashic Brotherhood —
they-cannot-effect change-

} * Celestial Chorus
| stifle creativity

lation,

+ Too lost in contempl.
Religious dog
i and progress.

* Cultlof Ecstasy —
| Something serious;

matists who. would

Degenerates, A waste of time. Do

* Dreamspeakers — What fascin:
-*-Euthanatos — Dar 1
- : ~ Dangerous
ready to snuff out the spark of fe ,*
© Or '
rder of Hermes — They could make excel

Scientists i
s (iff they gave

fave up their hrcane Te:
to-the future. ‘ pape

rating throwbacks!
thomable, ever

cellent
arning and looked

* Verbena — Useful ga

ardeners e
forces but cannot h: sprhgunde

james them
* Virtual Adepts — The \

bh if imaginat |
must beidirécted tolawsefulends nn TM but

* Hollow Ones— Shoddy
mariners and get h :

‘andinatural

; Suttersnipes who must le:
aircuts before they will be t:

‘arn
‘aken seriously.

Chapter Six: Character Creation 107


Verbena

Life is not meant to be sterile and safe; the
passions which so many fear are the things
which keep our race alive. The Verbena roll
up their sleeves and deal with life's joys

and brutalities with determination. These
primal sorcerers know the power of such

passions —and the cost ofembracingthem,
No other Tradition, except perhaps

the Dreamspeakers, has suffered as the Ver-
bena have. Always feared, these followers of the
carnal Arts fell under severe persecutions during
the late Middle A; Branded as Satanic witches,
the Tradition's European forbears were hunted,
tortured and burned. As the witch-hunters deci-

mated all sorcerous orders, one Verbena,
Nightshade, called for unity to end the slaughter. The
Council of Nine took years to form, but even then, the
witch-c! took centuries to wind down. The Tradition
has never forgotten the lessons of those times. Now they

practice in secret and deal harshly with their foes.
Although the Verbena prize life over all things,
their ways are not kind. Their Arts — utilizing blood,
sex, dance and even occasional sacrifice — are terrify-
ing even if one understands the deeper significance of
their actions. To the Verbena, life is savage joy, a

howl of mingled pain, defiance and ecstasy. Life

must be viewed with open eyes if one is to truly

understand it. In the earliest days, tales say,

the Wyck carried magick across the globe.

\\ The Verbena trace their path from these pri-

mordial Awakened, and their insights shaped

the Spheres, the Protocols and Horizon itself

This legacy, and the hardships they have suffered to.

retain it, make the Verbenaa self-righteous, often
arrogant, lot.

7
eX Thisis not to say that they are heartless. Quite
. >} the opposite, Verbena as a whole tend to be more
NO 6)" passionate, honest and forthright than many other mages.
NS .
A

Their credo —"Light and Darkness, whole in One — what
is Willed will Be" — demands a commitment to life in all its
ations, most are dedicated to helping
Il time. Their

forms. Despite their pe

humanity remove its blinders while there is
magick, firmly centered in nature, cures as quickly as it kills.
Though a Verbena may be suspicious, she is loyal to those friends
she chooses. Though she may be angry, she is often just.

Unlike their Hermetic and ial rivals, the Verbena
balance strong male and female aspects, rather than favoring a
patriarchal ideal. Many female mysticks gravitate towards
them for that reason. This Tradition's sacred totem, the tree,
is more than just a symbol. Like the group itself, a tree roots
itself, absorbs nourishment from the soil, grows outward
filled with life and spreads out and open, disbursing nour-
ishment for others in its leaves. All Verbena Chantries
havea tree, usually an oak, in the center. Most important
rites occur around this so-called World Tree; these
rituals often stain the trees a deep red. The darker the
WY \ \ hue, the more powerful the coven.


|

This group favors the old ways. Many speak archaic lan-
guages, dress in native and medieval styles and revere family and
honor. Verbena rites center around harvest festivals and lunar
s. Although many covens have discarded the ancient forms
- Learn-

sacrifice, some still practice them when the need aris
ing is important to the Verbena. Without history, one ca
understand the cycle-patterns of Fate or appreciate what has been
done by — and done to — this eldritch group.

Philosophy: Don't think for a second that the pulse of the
world has been silenced. We hear itall the time; it's our music and
our commandment. We are the handmaidens of Fate, and we take
all that life offers — painful though it may be sometimes — and
delve wholeheartedly into its essence. If our ways scare you,
perhaps you should ask yourself why — is it our passion that
frightens you or your own?

Style: This Tradition's ties to nature are clear in their
magick; their Arts favor shapeshifting, healing, perceptions and
strength. Like the Euthanatos, Verbena know the ways of Fate and
measure cycles of being. Many of the classic witch's tools draw
from the ways of the Verbena and reflect their affinity for the bare

nnot

neces

ities.

Sphere: Life

Common Foci: Ritual tools (
cup), incense, herbs, cauldrons, dance, sex, blood, runes, ordeals,
song

Organization: Covens, often numbering 13, nine, seven or
three, make up the Tradition's base. Most Verbena are social — the
group focuses a mystick's intent — and center around families
whenever possible. Both women and men have powerful roles in the
group, though women dominate many covens. Large meetings occur
eight times a year — the four equinoxes, Candlemas (Feb. 2),
Beltane (May 1), Lammas (Aug. 1) and Samhaine (Oct. 31).
Disputes are often resolved by votes, but many involve tests or
even combat.

Initiation: All Initiates must undergo a ritual death and
rebirth. After study and testing, the prospective Verbena enters
the circle and undergoes some form of ordeal (often illusionary,
sometimes not). When the coven is satisfied that she has the
necessary spirit and dedication, they call the elements as wit-
nesses, Most Verbena stay loyal unto death. This Tradition has no
place for Orphans. If they cannot display the dedication to learn
the ancient Arts, they are a burden and a waste.

environmentalists, radicals

Pagans, rustic folks,
Concepts: Witch, druid, shaman, healer, rune-cutter,
shapeshifter, activist, artist

Stereotypes

Ak
Sind Akashic Brotherhood— Honorable
pind themselves through denial. We're
natter how much some of us may w

ascetics who
all flesh, no

‘e : ant to forget
* Celestial Chorus — Don't g ed)

* Cult of Ecstas
stasy — They
Respect the: nS
their follies.

et me started!

just need more focus,

ir ideas, understand their means

and ignore

© Dreamspeakers —
understanding. They mei
find within,

* Euthanatos — Yes,
despise the use they've
So easily dismissed,

*° Order of
diagrams, they'

oe kin and the closest to our
tely look, without for what we

Tunderstand theC, j
i yele. I just
Putit to. Life'is too sacred to be

ed — With all\their books and
ao kw ost t ee within their Are.
epee =
Virtual Adepts — We know how

affect one's attitude, but I wouldn't

babies.as far as Lcould throw
Scary kind of magick.
<£¥ © Hollow Ones —
~Our_trappings, but kno
should guide them.

how persecution can
trust these test-tube
@ mainframe. Theirs

a

These midnight childfen favor
w little of our mysteries. We

Call me a bloody bitch — Tm all that and more. "Out
T can look in the mirror and say that I have lived. Can
you, with your illusions of comport. say the same?

Chapter Six: Character Creation 109

Se


WK
Virtual Adepts

Rebellious to the core, these futuristic anarchists refuse to

inherit the world as itis. Like the Cult of Ecstasy, the
Adepts' Art transcends barriers by sidestepping
them. Instead of altering consciousness the

old-fashioned way, however, Virtual Adepts

Y prize technology, metaphysics and anarchy

Their crowning achievement is virtual real-

ity, and no other group understands its secrets
like they do.

The newest Tradition, the Adepts began as the
Difference Engineers Convention. Like the
Electrodyne Engineers, these Technomancers ex-
plored the possibilities of invention in the mid-1800s.
The computer and telephone excited them, the lat-

ter inspiring their theories about a "correspondence
point" where all places were one. Tying this idea into
the fables of Mount Qaf, the re-christened Virtual
Adepts set to work trying to enter this virtual Realm. The
annoyed their 1

group's visionary sense, however, echno-

cratic masters. The Adepts never had been ones to follow
orders.
As their science progressed, the group began to experi-

ment with social er

neering and anarchist theory. The Inner
Circle was not amused. Things came toa head during World War
II when the Adepts defied their leadership and undermined the

and the Adepts rebelled. Post-war

is. Constraints tightene
experiments with VR led Adept Alan Turing to open access to the
Net Realm. When the Men in Black came to take Turinj

computer record they could find. A vicious purge followed, and the
Council of Nine offered sanctuary. Some mysticks have lived to

et the offer

"o The Virtual Adepts bow to no one's power, and most disdain
S Council and Union mages alike. As the Reckoning

Adepts charge into cyberspace to build a new world before the old one

pproaches, the

ends. Their self-sufficiency and post-modern cynicism undermine the
older wizards of the Council, and the mysticks are not pleased. No one doubts,
however, that the Adepts are onto something. Obnoxious as some Adepts may
be, the future hinges on their Art
And don't they know it! The Tradition is notorious for its attitude problems —
snide humor, isolationism, pranks and data piracy are the Adepts' hallmarks. A lot of this
attitude comes from a siege mentality. The Technocracy has sworn to annihilate them,
auders seem too vicious

most Traditionalists don't trust them, and the Nephandi and M
to reason with. Most Adepts believe they have only themselves — and each other — to
rely upon. For the most part, they're right.

Without the social outlets or skills of many magicians, the Virtual Adepts still
accomplish many things. Through their networks, they disseminate new ideas, inspire
Sleepers, attack the Technocracy's power structure and forge a new VR world. With theit
vision, skills and off-kilter concepts, these mys-techs epitomize post-modern magick:
omery, democratic, cynical and visionary


i ‘
$$ E
— Stereotypes
- Philosophy: Telling me something can't or shouldn't be 1c akashie Brotherhood ‘Tharwaupya ues 3a
done just makes me want to prove you wrong. And I will. We have ool, but i¢ doesn't work for me. Deep brent, ane
skills and access you can't even imagine; no door is closed to us for Patch you into the Net....Thope, tv atning won't
long. We are the future. The flesh is dying, and we're the next big * Celestial Chorus— Ifyou y ‘
thing. The world we know is every bit as real — and a hell of a lot Your knees'and get ondliney =. Oth Bet oft
more pure — than this decaying mudball you're trying to save , * Cillt of Ecstasy —G; ,
Ascension lies in new ideas, not dusted-off old ones. real washouts when it ong ane Parties, but
Style: Mathematical and metaphysical oddities form the Dream‘on, dade! ‘© getting things done,
basis for this Tradition's Art. To them, all reality is information. 4 ° Deans
, speakers
By altering that information, you change the world. Like most their Gaia hypothesis peas got something with
other Traditions, the Adepts have a pet "10th Sphere" theory; Jey 7 May of life is dead, » Dut they can't see that their
theirs is Paradigm, the element of conceptual reality. Most Adepts. ath Aarons
work their arcane technomagick with advanced computers called  Ortiesnt etn gcc
Trinary units. Where most systems work only with "yes" and "no," charts and Feels Thet'salorof power Nitheic
sche st « be" s, but they'
lee io = ‘maybe War they lost ages ayo Te MAY £00 hung-up on a
Sphere: Correspondence *SonsOFEGh, 4
a ; et — This j P
Common Foci: Computers, VR gear, weapons, cybernetics, Idon't know how AY liked science fairs!
network links, inventions lots, I guess — but ice xi eit apt cul works! —
Organization: Extremely democratic; status comes through our forefathers and good allies, Don ye nse hey 8
"eliteness," a half-serious blend of coolness, accomplishment, © Verbena These oho am the Son.
savvy and sheer balls. They meet en masse twice a year, though runes in your arm is not arc a creep me out. Cutting
many throw smaller meetings. Most Virtual Adepts have on-line gy * Hollow Ong eno 880MM time,
personae (complete with VR icons) who barely resemble their where they're hi ee the lo of ‘em; but I see

pie? We've gota lot in common,
Although most Adepts interact only on-line, some factions (known cheer up. Then watch out!
sarcastically as "legions") do exist. Some, like the Cyberpunks, fit

the obvious stereotypes, while others, like the Reality Hackers,

mortal selves; these icons are the only way many communicate. yy Someday they may

work on a more metaphysical level. Because they rarely meet in
the flesh, the Adepts have a history of outrageous behavior.
Disputes are resolved through "flame wars," a VR form of certémen

which relies on wits and imagination.

Initiation: Most Initiates find their way into some chatroom,
where they are tested by would-be mentors. Those who respond
favorably are often fed magickal puzzles and theories thought to
provoke Awakenings. Others Awaken spontaneously and link up
with others of like mind. The Virtual Adepts have nothing against

Orphans; that's how many of them began.

Acolytes: Cyberpunk fans, musicians, computer geeks, anar-
chists, writers
Concepts: Hacker, revolutionary, artist, punk, on-line ex-

plorer, metaphysician

You call this a reality? Let me show you another one
— Reality 2.0. if you will. Cleaner, safer, more
democratic and wide open for creative expansion.

Which would you prefer?

Chapter Six: Character Creation 11


"soon pjo yas
ypeg Mou & 9aze9 pue UoNe]aAal Woy yDeq pouDyeMYy AueUT Os sPjoy

aeyp a8vsTeq ayp YUN! sauG mo] [OH] aUp ‘sada Mau YL sBurLp plo Butaas Ag
-arydures ay puodag siopuom arp 01 ye arertaKsd Aoy — stayeodsureaiq
pue euaqia, ayp se pewud se axe sauQ Mo]foH] ay ‘hem UMO stOY UT
sypow aoe-y>e]q 241] sueydIC asap Mwup sautdurea AyEIDad4
‘sisoys Syorseur Swatp areuldsey seulStua Jay pue suamMo ‘say

pur saajomasom
ng "snouaiskur

ID

sBuyyp 40} Ao] S11 syseU JOWINY Jo asUDS PIqioW pu UO!dIOsqe-y]9s syeE

AY_L 'UOISIA Dv] SAUG MOTJOH AUP IeYp "A]snoauONe ‘aaarjaq sdnoss 19y1O

Susi a4 Aoyp YM puersiapuN saAaU Av [!OUNOD ay] "UoIsUaDZsy
Jemudaa awos spremor sadeur yoo atp speay ey Aryiqeas ayp sapraoid ‘aq
Avur a! ysnotp jeuoHounysdp ‘ArtuNUTMOD Jo asuas sty | "Yaeap |]! Joyo sBueY
Aqruey rey ,‘A[Hwep,, ay suadearyp Japisino autos J} ang "aYA0 y>ea AeNIAq pue
sip ‘aysy Aww Ady f "soyx980r SUIT UDIP[YD saysIN ‘sanbypp asaya UNyALA\

Koou998 pur sioquinu ut Aaazes slay Puy — ,sanbyp9,, 10 — s

eq
OTOH ‘Op Aaya se smopeys atp ur SursUKg "sauarshyy JnoUaPY ayp se as ae
sv aig Aloa9 apoo & aaey suBYyAIC asayp ‘AeA UNO JOP Uy "SaIUEP [B190s a1eI1IUT
SUG MOTJOH{ AUP sured} Aj]eaz Z9Aa ,ANasod, OU ‘uaYA UDA pur ‘dwaru0D
uey? Joyo SurpAue yam parkas oq [lm Aaya azojaq drysupy jo 238
atos wojs9d 07 aavy A]jensn sia3uENs— parsnan AjIsea 10U Aue 49AAMOY

«‘stapising,, ‘skemeuna pur s.

req ‘9]doad rans 1900 yorem pur sje
redwi sa8eus yi0H asowi ‘9pisut daaq "sisal

"WAY? ayH] SIswIINO YIM 9%

oniddio Sunamnw ‘eaddesip uayo Aayp ‘pre Yyons 1ayy "sBurppeq Aqueau
eur [lounoD AURYy ‘a]qNON ayp YOM Waas OYA

one
soup djay 01 no Yovas [IAs SoUE MO|JOH] 9" "9anaudas ue YsUUE[D)

JAANS AYI aMO 8:

quaUIUAIYs! [U9 pue snaeIs
Samod way siayo yo1eyy "diyspuany uses pur s99]9yYs puy ‘}aqaz 02 a2uEYD &
wayp Jayo saamajnogns aans ay J "aWOY Wo4y Aeave saat] dn ras 01 asn UaYyO Ady
quaye2 aIwUU! UL UOYD Jo Apnas ap] YAIA WdYA 02 saWIOD YDITeyy "oUepuNUT

jsoulye stu99s21 ‘Sur]]e> sawOD LeIeAYy ay UAYA IeY suda2 TOY Aq dn pamaios os

ae Aueyy ‘apes ypxis aava] Aayp a10J9q JRALAINS-j]9s WED] PU saMIOY aarsnge

40 Udyorg Woy IWOD oy "pUeY-IsI Ud MOUY sULYID 2RPOD ay,
-srossedsan ayp uo ssid pue ppoauaysru uno

J19Yp aavaI9 ‘OULU ITaseoAes pues

4p o1auaD99 YIM ede soyINy saajaswayp
as Ady ‘AreIs ay Woy s19UOT "Apasen YIN UOHexY sya Ur TuaWaDe|dsIp
Jo asuas UM JIdyA OLN sBuIp"e asoy] "Ate pauing dn pua pue sereUos
asoduioo pjnod nod uaym awe — au JnUeUOL sow k jo sBurdden ay ut
saajastuatp deim 4ayp os ‘syons pom wapow aya Up 921121 9D MO]]OH,
"Aysonns ajqenesut stayp Aq Afuo payoreur
$1 ype[q PUOBAg JJ ssoUpUOy stoyp ‘9seD Aue UT -UYS]]N WYP []e> s1aypo ‘uN
a1a\p Jo asty axp sv UOIAG p107] WHE]D UaAp|YD saYysIN Jo Aueyy "sia0d snueWOY
aya Jo sBurqqep ayp ut punoy aq wes AYdosopnyd ,,uoHeI9UA8 ISO}, Payfe2-os 1194)
‘sonuam | BueoY ayp Or UORepUNoy SH seep (2aMa]Nqns [exD13eU pazrUEBI0

Jo yeac v Ayjenre) ,UORIper], MO]OH,, 242 YBnoy J "aztyead say UeLp J9yLNy
eq OF S100] AIaUp "UIBHIO IUADaZ e sIS9BENs are YO1-IPOH AyD YSnowpyy
"pep
apues raya Aare sauQ MO]]OH{ ayp ‘Kem s,[9uNOD axp IYsI] o2 YNIYSI]
osu & zeaq sidapy atp azaym ang "pastesdn siaduy ajpprw yaa aBueyp ainany jo
1y31] ayp Aureo Yaog pur ‘p]om rey sxDOUI puke sa110]3 Yrog IY aIMjNogns e aoeIquia

ayp ur ergy

sdnox8 yaog *1]94 Jo JULI ayp UO P]oMm e Jo syPMoIBino ‘ez Wapow ayp Jo sionpoud are
sdnoa8 ynog fo19u pud 3,uop sanuEpTUnts ay "AwEsUT Jo [eH] s,[!9UNOT ayp UI sidapy
Jenaat, aup yata dn ques saug mo] [of] ayp ‘S10 02 sse atp UT UIEd B ‘aUIOs C2 axOL Y

SIUC MOJO]


ASDA tet Eke a ra eR

"Old tools" is an apt way of describing Hollow magick. Most
channel their Arts through shopping-mall occultism — cheap
-market "grimoires," mail-order paraphernalia and
"rowley

jewelry, ma
stage magic tricks. Their libraries consist of Byron, Poe
and LeVey, and their rituals incorporate CDs, black candles and

roleplaying games. By using magick all the "wrong" ways, these
Orphans show that magick, at least for them, comes ultimately
from within.
Philosoph:
ment makes me laugh. Wake up and s
dying. Nice show, I guess, and good for a few more laughs, but if you
think we'll all save it with a few well-placed "Hail Marys," I've got

a deed for city hall in my back pocket

Your religion makes me vomit. Your enlighten-
the world for what it is —

Style: Hollow magick is eclectic — a bit of witchcraft, some
Victorian spiritualism, a dash of Crowley, a sprinkle of pop
voodoo; add Sisters of Mercy for flavor, stir rapidly and put it ina
cauldron to stew. Although the Darklings eagerly seek out new
elements to channel their Art, they draw their real power from
within.

Sphere: Any, although they pay full price for all Spheres
because of their scattershot approach and lack of tutoring.

Common Foci: (see above)
Organization: Informal; tightly-knit cliques form a network
ashioned

linked by friendships, nightclubs, chatlines and old:
mail. Although "kings" and "queens" are occasionally elected,
these titles are sardonic at best. Local clique leaders throw huge
parties (or "sabbaths") every Halloween, with live bands and half-
rituals. Many supernaturals, especially vampires, attend.

First, an initiate must be accepted by the local
clique. Would-be members must appreciate despair and demon-
lent. Lighting candles without touching them is
rance rituals vary from clique to clique; some

strate magickal
a common test.
require tattoos, striking looks, new lore, artistic talent or even

blood sacrifice.
Acolytes: Blood Dolls, runaways, club owners, Goth bands

Iecultist, musician, tragic poet, club-crawler

Concept:

Stereotypes

° He Brotherhood — Ni,

you looked ar

te bap round yourselflately:
* Celestial Chorus —

when my parents gor div.
© Cult of Eesta

dark side. Too bad zt

* Dreamspeakers
Wanna talk to

ce moves, Bruce; Have
?Iv'sanew tomorrow, and

I stopped believin,
ig in that shi
‘orced. Go work for Hallmark,
a Few, Deadheads understand the
they've got some good ideas,
— I know about the
F: a ghost? It's not Pretty.
* Euthanatos — | walk th Y
they ride a bulldozer, Still, pest on
them, don't they? :
* Order of Hi
what made them
around them!
* Sons of Ether — Cool
: Ler — toys,
think Sas their brains inthe Time Machin
i in th lachine.
erbena — They'te right; reality is bloodyisex.and

Sweat, and they don't hemselves into ng ie's
id they don't delude hink:
themselves i ig it's

* Virtual Adepts — 1¢
ee Thad their ca ,
joined. | like their ircitude Aros me) cash, I might've
S$ ste in Clothes has

Spirits, too,

ath on foot;
e party with

ermes — Spare me. The:

te se Merlins lost
Special:500 years ago, Just don't say it

Sreat- dungeons, but |

The dance of death isa celebration of life to those who know the steps.

Chapter Six: Character Creation 113

I


"shof asoieai soup aze suorssed you pur sdrysuonejas daa "aoys
3,usoopar , ey UOP—aroyp ua9q,, a4 hyp J] s9uaLIAdXa Mau aABD
[eIpiowng ‘skem quatoue stayp [pe 40g "BurypAr9A0 jo won0g
ayp 01 198 01 AUNS pure ssaUYst]Ooy 10} aw 9Pay] aavy ‘Idnaqe aq 01
puo2 Aoy re Surmouy e warp pud] snos pjosfoyp ‘oaomoy "UIAp|YD
sv UdA9 {9UIDIIXa Os KysvaUE JOU are aDUASST SIE YIM SoTeUU IOP

soouassy

"quog [erprownag B aaey 02 IYBnowp axe Ipueydon,
‘uosvaa siyp Jog "Aepor MOU aM BuryAA19A9 02 pud ue ‘oars eu
"J Stya ‘aat[aq ssepOYps aso ‘923s
dum se ang

ayp 02 wuMar B syaas adUASs
pouyos sow sa} Uy "31 asapruBU JaAta} pu 19.95 ‘Sa:
‘gauassq sty parpoquid saseu ysayea ayp jo Aueyy "umoUy sodA
ano} atp Suowe asases au sey Aq axe sodas:
atp jo pua pue Suruuidaq ay woy oumeu soy) Sues

[eIpsoulLid

JeIpiowng ‘aszoarun

-guo Suraidiojun pue
Suipuewop v uoyo ‘sed s,iaq9e1eYD ayp Woy aindy AVoypNe ue

se sreadde Ajyensn ze
puaa pur ‘aueisuod pur aqeas ae ouassg sty Jo sreIwAYy YL

AVY Ue Yang "ULIO} U9AIS aUO UT ISazUEUL Or

"op Aaup se aey se Aa1]va4 Jo syn UMO Aaya SuINsInd Jo
a}qedvout aq pjnom saSeu srureudq asow uoddns soSew woneg
IMOYPIA\ ‘souo SuNstxa aya dn Suyoys yarn ose Adyp sv shear
sou Surpuy Yala pouaouod se a,uare ing ‘snweUAp AjareuUT ae
Aaya ‘saeur [Je 917] Pua urEr4a99 ¥ preaior YO A]ENsn adUIssq sty
(aia saBeyy "Ar9190s aww Jo [BArains |JeI9A0 ayp UT peat ore soBIN
J siya ysnoyp

Wla}Jed

uuoneg ‘oes0uYDaJ, 94D soztTOMda aoua8

asvajd 02 ajqissodunt axe Aatp ‘snooudes pur apf
‘stULdIP POOY!YD Jo INO sBuI9q snojngau 40 sMopeys se svadde

01 puar ang ‘su0y 1udayIP AULLE oUINssE ISOYy
Suyuun qwaas jo syuids snasuaua oq o1 puay sueqway DwEUA

‘Aysound pue

"BuIUUOJUOD 49A9U ‘BuLL9y]e A]sso]pPue — s9pr
aouassg siya ‘MWAIIXA yore S11 02 UDyEL "aTeUI v 2q 02 St aI

awyy ap saytdaa

YA Jo Uwdy 4494 ay Apoquio Aayp 404 ‘s1a9UOId parpIsuoD UDO
AW]N lay ‘Mouy 19AdU
ayL ‘a8uey> rUeIsu0D

aue aduassg sip Jo sadeyy ‘uoneUTsap 21
few pur ‘aaaryoe s9aau Ayqeqosd [pa
Joy aulsap pu Jo ado] & Aq UaAUUp ‘It Aq pauNsuos are a2U9ssq

sitp jo soSeur ang ‘Aatpeas saaup aya 240} 2HweUAp ayp jo ued
SuBYD Jo s9II0} ay Jo UONBUIeOUT A1dA

Ajaxewnyn oe saSeu [Ty
ays are suvieay o1weUdg ‘9ouassy UOUIUOD aso dyp sey Ag

o1weudq

woup urene 02 []94 YSnomp apea or sey ay J! Uae — aavy or
1| p[Nom NOA AuLsap pure s[eos ap pueator ao Ue YIM IUassq
1 UMO ANA BOYD *(Joa1ayp 4>e] JO) UoIUDDsY JeNIU:
Avs osje aouassy yore jo aunaeU ay | "2DUassy

2

s,larsezeya e mnoge oye
sn 01 payury Ajjensn are aera ue jo suoneasaytueUT oy],
"atuosaq sey ay ase]IOUOD! ay WHY SuPyeU "wy UO

pouting

SIWSIP PpjnOM pue siEIeAy

ploy Suons Aaa v sey zereay otueUdg sty ysnotp ue

Surggni-yeashuo Jo young ve, se warp
Jo aouaisixa atp Jo axeaveun Apara] duos st wed astysayD "1 yA I9U9
-uodxo aoaip Aue pey J9A9u sey Ing "oayp SuNLUIDsey v a1 SyUTYA
pue seqway oyp jo daouos ayp jo areave st "Aarpeuosiad Sunsone)
jeoidAa & ‘uezoyy ‘anf "ig aq o2 eaeAy atp SuPyesiw ‘Apuanb
-oy awa WaIeY JAY Jo sUONEIsazUEUE s99s IPIO A[UDZALD}]]

uolsuaosy ay], :38)

dup Jo yeynag saxsig "aaey Aaup ‘Aue ft ‘drysuonejasjo
(spunoaSypeg,, 298) st seeay s,119eIeY9 INOA aDUAN|
f

aeqay (S1Op ey JO sNo}) BuoNs Ape]NoNUed k ‘nos
e jo ,Aueuosiad, ayp sy ‘001 ‘adaap 21g & S908

‘ao1yo Apne puke woos Assaur B UaaaKtaq 2DUE]Eq Fs
pue soandsip soaezopou jnos Sunsangy ayp arya ‘a8ue] e ppom
dyp 02 smouy ays BuIyass9Ad [eaAaz O1 Joy BuIBn ‘srayua ays drys
-uone]ai A199 jo stpdap ap quinyd 01 aSew e aap pjnos zerway
Jerprownag ay, ‘sBuos 49y-4yo BuBurs Apamb so spreu say Bung
4oa{oid 01 aaford woy 119 Pjnom uo stweUdg v >pLYA "(S][PIS
ypns anoypim asoyp 3 asou sy UMOp SurYoo] ay) SuryppAraas
azruesi0 pur sjreiep anoqe Axiom Iystur aBeu aouassy woneg
Y ‘sien Anpeuosiad pue syzinb ‘sooipnfaid sty jo aounos s0feur
sly pasapisuos aq pyno aouassg s,a8ew INO}

b ‘sno1asuo9qns

"yog Ajqeqorg "Aes ue aUO ON jAEIRAY sty Jo UONDaYa v
a8eui ayp st 40 ‘a8ew ayp Jo UoRayaI B AeIeAYy atp s] ‘UOHEUIEDUI
sv] SaeVAY dU Jo SBuIBUO] ays si9Y91 AJUO aouAssg ayp IUA
Avs saayio apy "(2e,\ 22 UE saoueISa]]e ue) suONIe s,uosIod
e souruuaiapaid a1 ey WIE]D aWOg "AuNsop sadew v Ur shud
2 aya anoge aieqap Jo rudd st 9194,

 ayp ajor 22
‘aouasqe quaredde sit jo asnesaq asixa asnu 1 ‘sotshyd winuenb
yuauina ur ysenb ayp 9¥1] Ng ‘Is1X9 01 aYBNoYp st ‘ganuUfuy aup ‘aDUASsy
yy y ‘(anog aaadeys 99s) aru aIsKydeioyy au UO a9e]d wos
spremon Burn ypea ‘SunsanZj pu porpiowng ‘wanng ‘onumukq —
istxa sodAa quazayIp ANoy WYP dae sI9yYLOMIIN SOY "TeIAy seu
snoX jo ,Aalpeuosiad,, |]e19A0 oyp st auassy oyp ‘Ajduis ing
aounc] pourds ay, yaveyserg —
Sunuva] aun am ayn ang ‘Uo 24v om Jana] YM 10U s1
rujod ay. "stauaav31apury uo umop yoo] 01 papnua a1am s4apnsd-panyp
yorym ut ‘Jooyos 4DULUDLT o1uS09 D a4am ssausNO!DsUOD ft sD ‘UI 24D
Kay amis yoryn Sunufap kB12ua aasvm adoag "diysupwdn-auo fo sown
(NOY, UPY) A2yBry,, saBp.nogUa os ssausNoIsUO SUKfisso}>)

sgousssy

soaayy, pur
om 1 saa3dey ut punoj aq wes — Yons pur aouassaruing eWay
‘gouassq — sates [eyousAwy a10ur ap puryag sidaouos ayy "yen
-daouod Jou ‘[esTuRYoUI are soUI|apINS asay_p ‘uoNLULTEUI] puE
Surdvjdajor woy sawi09 Jjasi9y 1919e1eY> yp Jo aDUASs dy | ‘aseUE
anod Jo saiourezed o1seq sow ay A[UO aqUOsap sted J, aS9yL

-gouaiajar Asva 10} dn auttaayt] v Jo Aatxafdusoo ayp 10

suexy ‘soded jo a9ys & Uo Slop URI a10UL JAY] AJaVEUM]N a4,4u

yBnoply "suorssassod 19y waaa saumauios pur si2eIUOD ‘sa5uNos

a1 ‘sapmnade ‘s]p1ys ‘stpSuans ‘Aaypeuosiod jye19A0
494 — uonepunoy sar9eIeYD anos are syteAL,

raydorg ay "URAg!D [YE —

cya v punof

aavy |, "42yIDLIng ,,"yanUa ayp punof aavy ],, ‘10U Kos

"ssaJoanspou pun ssaypunog vas v st fyas 10,]

"auy Surpunos 10

ffors ym aSpajmouy snok fo syrdap ayp 10% yaa puy

‘aansvaun

umowyun snk yBiam 01 savas ou aq atays 12] mg

SHOAL


KZ NS |!

ZN

Cll woneald JayeIeYD :xig Jaadeyo)

Araaoosip UR IyTUsIS

awios a

pets Nod aAaUDYM 1aMOd}}1 4 Jo TUIOd aUO ULeay —

anya Ann 01 Surpauos
puy 02 auidse asnw nog "Mau ayp Jo pon moss Appoinb nos pue
‘duiaiuod ur pjay st pjo urppAuy "as[a auoA9A9 URYp J9NIAq a1e
-4]9S anjosqe aup ‘9p St s

NoA yey aoueANssI

UxLAM INO A

"op sioypo a1ojaq Suo] sBuryp yeotper ave1saidde ued

Nod ‘Mau aYA INO Yaas NOA asnedag "YASuaNs anos st IYBIsas0q

a1oyoU a1,nok GuOY aYp Ut OU ay,no< Jf "SHUT Yat dn Surdaay or
Moyo pue oun Jo [Lap 1943 & aI0Aap NOK puk ‘a NOK axe saUaAODSIP
MAN "SMAU pUY-Puodas SuMAY URYA a1OW! NoA sured Suro}

*MOUY 02 ISIY ay BuO a1aM NOA ssayuN poos ou st A1A0rsIp 410

puion uorysey ‘oouep mau y "woYa10} ay UI 9q
epiep-jueay

anjea Sunse] 10 aueyodut jo Surpouos

ape su Nok

Ystqeasa 10 aiea19 NOA JdAdUDYA JaMOdIIA\ UTETOY
"stuatHaAarype pue sartfiqissod aiau O2 sJasino< uado puke UoNeXY
sit Wayap AsNUI NOK ‘puaosy OL "suL|d 4NOA UO snd0} A[PUTTG
nod — suoniquie anos yaa WoIssasqQ St ssoUxEIM INO {

asoyp djay pur uo aaty

"nos puno.
Ayyyadoy |]! spaap nog, "yBnoatp passed aa,no4 s9yye 19n19q POM

ay yeu |]1a ep UOIsTA B9ALY NOK -asodang SI yABUANIS NA

AoeBa] Bunasey v ava] ALM autos UE 10 AuEUIOD e aIvaID ‘UMOI E
punoj 02 :an]ea Jo Sunprautos pying o1 soya ue soyeUT OYA UOSIad Jo
adda ayp are nox "ued Nog s9AdIeYM SuIptaosd Aq UoNeysHes Utes
nod pur ‘Surya AueW paau a[doag "nod saye aud []14 OYM asoy
oj anjea Bunse] jo Surpatos ayva19 01 An Nog ‘spaau UMo ANOA

putodaq s908 asodand jo asuias snod ‘sopping jenuassavuinb ay,
poopy

9A098Ip AIqEMAdUT [JIA NOA sarTIIssod
ay Jo aaejins otp Yards A[UO ued Jao am sauO ay] "sadArayouy
umo snof dn yuTYA 01 NOK afesNoDUD 9m ‘9sIMayr] "Op OULD pue
ued nod 2YM Jo UORTUYAp AMOUR atuOS UIYAIA Avjd o1 pouTENs

-Wo9 J99} 1,UOG, "AUC suONSaBns a1e sadhayouy asoyp

"os Sutop Aynsnf 01 stuawystjduto2
Yat Jomod)]1 AQ sty aster 02 STURM OYA JAIDEILYD & YSNoIpTE ‘sau
ou Burdng 1ou ‘siutod saMody!4\ Aaezoduray Sururesa1 vaya

y asn ued aDUDTIDdXa

sarjdde Aquo sup ‘Aysnoraqg "y>eq siUIOd 1amody]! 4 WUAds Ja14p1 01
duo Woy WY aA18 02 1D9]9 ABU JaTJaIAIOIg atp ‘UY JOy ,J19eIeYD
ur, 19a Bunpawos soysydwosse ay uay,y "sIUIOd JaMOd]]1,\
quads ystuajdaz 01 Ava e WHY sats ospe aunaeNy s,9BeUI INO X

say

‘aptoap 02 nod 01 aya] aue ‘ey [eNIUDAd s~aIdeIEYD oY UO IEdUIT
aiayp pur ‘si998j asaya jo aamMeu I9ex9 ay_| "]eNUAIOd sty SuruTENL
wou uny daoy yoryar Aatpeuosiad sty ur siutod seam ‘sx20]q 3uI]q
-wunys aue sssawyvam ‘asodand z9ysiy sty azidsur aysiu wey somata
asorp ae sppFuaug -yseg UOIsUD2Zsy sa8eUI IY UT sisodopins
se uaas aq UkD ‘aINIeN s,98eU ayp oY aUI09 Aatp May ‘saIoUap

-ua} aay] "ssoujeam v pur YpSuans v sey addryouy Youg

‘asypeuonipel | 10 s9AtSare_ v
jo ay st aungeyy JOUUT sty jt UDAD "UITY a]SseY A|qeqord [1M IIIs
ay uo doo ayp ‘uetAaq] 10 Jaqay st 1ouKaWIAc] s,a8eULLANOA Jy "UMO
anoA yptas oEIAIUT s19IDeILYD J9Y Jo DUO aAvy 02 spaau Ja}]a1A4101g
anok uayar [rydjay Ayer aq ued Aayp YBnoyp ‘sjoor Sutkvydajor
Ayaue] a1e s1ouvawag "spuads ay saulod soMmodypiy\ ays y9eq
urea 07 Ava 8 UY aa pu sMeY PUR s[eod UOISUADSY s,93eUI O42 02

an]2 atuOs aa18 saaMIeN "WOYy LOM 01 TUILPAUIOS NOA 9A13 ‘49AIMOY
‘op sadAaayoay "aq pjnoys ay asea 2e 40 ‘paraaej]Nw pue anbyun st

sa19B1eYD YoRa— ,sasse]> 1919eILYD,, 10 s9]OYUOdSId 10U a1 as9Y |,

"‘ya1deIeYD INOA UO sa[puLY Asea 4a]]91410Ig INA pu _NOA 1aYO
(sadGayoay se 4]2A1299]]09 UMOUY) sIOURIaG] PUR saINIeN

‘aonou ajdoad asour apts aya dn suins puosas
ayy
9UO ‘sourawac] pur saanMAY Woy? aa13 am ‘9eUOSIAd JOUU] PUL
dy qnd siaxseIeYD ano r99Ya4 OY "pjnom (ueIDHIIJOd v Jo apts sty)
a1 uaAa ue OF Way adope Ady
aI

jAep Aza sour ap Ut 19948 Nod aBeUN aya ‘nos
«lP94,, 94p S998 UOSiad J9Yp19 IeYD [99} NOA op puy
jJaypo ued yIUsIs Nod punore Op Nos UeYp 19yIV}
4noA punose ApUaiayIp 298 NOK a,uop :t Upy
‘4y98 ann, ano jo 1adse aUuaayIp autos 199f01d
an ‘oavy am diysuone;

‘Anjeuosiad ann ady ‘yas s9uUT szrdeIeYD ay sWUasordon

Jeuow saypo Aue ueyp yuaIxa JIU;

‘ayes s,jeatains 10} ‘sdeysad §, syseur, asoup aavy soBeur uo,

a1 $199 Uy "JOU 10 11 NUE

am sayiaya ‘saaty Aprep ano ut Avpdayos |je af
"Ci—
aos fo pauwasp 12 10u poy puv 427
-ySnvys pup aayfuons waamiag paysmBunsip wy Cayyo.0UL
aya ‘19k dIssvjI a4oU ‘4apjo som Gypiow Ku ‘ony

upjsuy "ysus

sodAjoyosy Apeuos.9d

sunaq sey Aauunof atp [UN 1Uaja1 OU |] pu asanb yUELOdUI
AWOS UO Jo ase 4194p peod sreway Yons ‘sajaswoyp jeaaas
Aatp uay sy "Jona pue aiour iuem skeaye Aayp ‘paasiype u9aq
sey YM YM paysnes s9AaQ "‘Burpuewap pue Ay
Bunsang ‘aingord Sig ayp yaas skempe aouassg SuNsangj Jo asoya

ysnd aue sua

ing ‘saan ayp 10} IS910} aY2 YOO]IAA0 0 puar saseur AULY
‘a]quaisap asow dup st yreg IIPprw aya WoYN 10} soBew! asoya
‘SUOTIPEL | PUIN JO [UND oy YM poy;uop! Uayo sta! ‘uoseaT
stp 10g "JUApIAa a1our atteraq (sa1suosiad 31 aDURTeq 10} paau
ay? pur) aouassg siya Gapim pue api maid sajod saruuy aya
amoy Suede s9yzny pur 19yzNy Mazd

udamiog aoueasIp ayy pur 42

liom aya sy ‘aouazaypip v ave:

CY |

JO YIOAT]M Ard} "eTUUD|| I JO,4

‘sadueyp JO Peod sso]pua Ue UI UO Os puk JoyIoUR UdYI
‘4sanb auo ansind Jay ‘suediarunos s1weudg say2 URL sNd0y
drow aavy sadeu Sunsangy ‘siya audsaq ‘suoneunsap ssajpua
ueyp quenodwr aiou peor ay) spuy yseg Bunsongy ayp ‘931n
drueudg aya ay]UP] "Aauanof Jaye Adu! Oru ae ay saysnd
aouassg Bunsongy ayp ‘sadin stueudG ayr] "urese Ysoxy utdas
siySnoyi uano8i0} aye pue J2YI930 seap! aresedsip on soBeur
Bunsand) "]eo8 as Aue 19A0 aoUuE]Eq Yas sIEIAY asoy],

$Sulsongd

"soniaoru [e190s 10) apy] BuUeD "ydoads pue s9UUEW UT ID91P

pur asieos Ara aq ue Aayp ,‘sIUMO,, ay ay! ‘pudsa] Jo spod

so suds ‘sjeumtue jo wioy ay 922 01 puad siereay [eIpIOWLg


NO Ail

ll"

Bon Vivant

Life is too important to waste, so have as good a time as
possible. You only go around once, after all. You are a sensualist,
sybarite and party animal; the words self-denial and self-discipline
are a waste of breath. Still, you don't mind a little hard work as
long as a good time awaits you upon completion. Most Bon
Vivants have little self-control, for they so dearly love excess.

Joie de vivre (love of life) is your greatest strength. No loss
can set you back for long. For you, life is a great gift, and you pity
(and sometimes help) those who do not appreciate it.

Your weakness is Hedonism. Pleasure is your only real goal
True Ascension, however, requires higher ambitions, and you
must find a less fleeting means of enjoying life.

— Regain a point or two of Willpower whenever you have
a truly good time and can bring others along for the ride.

Bravo

War is your pleasure and your destiny. It may range from
physical scraps to Machiavellian intrigues, but someone must lose
in life and it will not be you. Power and might are all you respect.
Your will must be obeyed.

This attitude is more common among the Awakened than
many might expect; reality, you know, moves for no weakling. You
might use your prowess to terrorize the weak or protect them, but
such weakness is not something you will ever tolerate in yourself.

You find strength in your Strength. Youare rarely deterred by
obstacles. In fact, most setbacks only encourage you to try again,
and harder this time.

Your weakness is Anger. To you, life is battle, not compro-
mise. This mentality must be defeated or it will consume you.

— Regain Willpower whenever you utterly defeat someone
who stands in your way.

Caregiver

You always try to help those around you and struggle to make
a difference in the needs and sorrows of the unfortunate. People
around you depend on your stability and strength to keep them
steady and centered. You are the one to whom people turn when
they have a problem.

You draw strength from your Kindness. Despite the suffering
all around you, your good heart (and your ability to share it) still
makes a difference.

Your weakness is your Lack of Confidence. Your martyr's
streak comes from a sense of duty, a need to validate your
existence. Eventually, you must put yourself above the needs of
others or be worn away by them.

— Regain Willpower whenever you successfully protect or
nurture someone else. This protection can be as small asa smile of
support or a shoulder to lean on at an appropriate moment. You
must help the other person in some way, though he need not
acknowledge it openly.

Conformist

Every team needs players. That's your role. Taking charge
isn't your style. Leave that to others. You always gravitate towards
aborn leader and throw your lot in with her. It's not in your nature
to rebel. You hate inconsistency and instability; by supporting a
strong leader, you help prevent chaos.

116

Mage: The Ascension

All stable groups need some kind of Conformist. Cooperation
is your great strength. Unlike your malcontent peers, you value the
common good.

Your weakness is Low Self-Esteem. You haven't the self-confi-
dence to assert your will and allow yourself to be others' tool instead.
Only when you discover your own agenda and pursue it can you Ascend.

— Regain Willpower whenever your group accomplishes
something because of your support and aid.

Conniver

What's the sense of working hard when you can get something for
nothing? Why drudge when, just by talking, you can get what you
want? You always try to find the easy way out, the fast track to success
and wealth. Trickery is a game, and you're damned good at it.
Connivers play many roles, so you may be a thief, a swindler, a street
waif, an entrepreneur, an agent or just a con man.

You're pretty Clever, a real asset in wartime. By setting your
friends to tasks and your enemies against each other, you make life
easier for your side.

Your weakness is Envy. You're never happy with what you have;
you always want more. You must eventually overcome your desire
and find happiness in what you've got and who you are.

— Regain Willpower whenever you get your way by tricking
another person into doing what you want.

Critic

Nothing in the world should be accepted without thorough scrutiny
and examination. Nothing is ever perfect, and the blemishes must be
pointed out in order for the good to be truly recognized. Your standards
are high for everything, and you insist that they be met. Encourage the
same ideals in others; low standards reduce the quality of life for everyone.
They'll thank you later, once they discover the purity of your perspective.
Seek out and expose the imperfections in every person or thing you
encounter —you're never satisfied with anything thatis less than perfect.

High Standards are often necessary in life. Nothing gets accom-
plished when people are slack. With your critical eye, you can be an
asset to your friends — provided they can stand you.

You're Arrogant. It's difficult to accept who you are, so you focus
your energies upon finding greater faults in others. Someday you must
realize that imperfections are the seeds of further growth.

— Regain one point of Willpower whenever you discover a
significant imperfection that others overlook.

Curmudgeon

Yeah, the world sucks, and no one knows this better than you.
Everyone around you is bound to screw up. Although your wit is
wickedly barbed, even you find little lasting pleasure in it (or in
anything else, for that matter). Cynicism is your middle name; it's
the tool with which you judge everything in life. Hey, you just call
the shots as you see ‘em.

Although it can be said that your Critical Eye is a strength, you
really need to get a life. Sucks to be you!

Your weakness is a Lack of Imagination. You've lost the spark
that makes you truly magical and deny that by putting down the
achievements of others. To Ascend, you must look at the world with
new perspective.

— Regain Willpower whenever someone does something
stupid, just like you predicted. You must predict it either out loud to.
the other characters or in private to the Storyteller.


Deviant
Ther

The status quo is not your style. You're not so much an aimless reb
asan independent thinker who does not belong in the society in which

are always people who don't fit in, and you are one such

you were raised. You don't give a damn about other people's morality,
bur you do adhere to your own strange code of conduct. Deviants are

typically irreverent, and some have truly bizarre tastes and desires.

Like the stereotypical Cultist of Ecstasy, you Shatter Bound-
aries by taking them head-on. Yours is the vision of the future, not
the prison of the past.

Your weakness is your Perversion. The energy you require to
defy the established order might one day remake the world in your
image. A little stability, however, is not always a bad thing. Some
day you'll have to realize that.

— Regain Willpower whenever you successfully thumb your
nose at society and its precepts without retaliation

Director

You despise chaos and disorder and tend to take control and
organize things in order to suppress anarchy. You like to be in
charge, live to organize and habitually strive to make things work
smoothly. You trust your own judgment implicitly and tend to
think of things in black-and-white terms: "This won't work,"
"You're either for me or against me," "There are two ways to do this
— my way and the wrong way."
Your Organization is often helpful. People usually need

leaders to accomplish great tasks (like survival!), and you're a

natural leader.

You have a Lack of Tolerance. In order to Ascend, you must
strive to integrate the views of others to achieve compromise.

— Regain Willpower when you lead a group and accomplish
some significant task

Fanatic

You are consumed by a cause; it is the pr

nary force in your
life, for good or ill. Every ounce of blood and passion you possess
is directed toward your cause. In fact, you may feel very guilty about
spending time on anything else. Nothing can stand in your way —
nothing that you cannot overcome, in any case. You and those
around you may suffer, but your cause is everything — the end
justifies the means. Before the game begins, make sure you describe
your cause and define how it may affect your behavior

Dedication is your greatest strength. Nothing happens with-
out sacrifice, and you will do whatever it takes to make your vision
happen:

Your weakness is your Stubbornness. The possibilities of life

have been closed to you. You must open yourself to other choic

or your final victory will be a hollow one.

— You regain Willpower whenever you accomplish an act

that furthers your cause.

Jester

The world is a painful place, but it's not without its lighter
side. People go cra
someone. You're the fool, clown or comic, forever seeking the
humor in any situation. You hate sorrow and pain and constantly
try to take others' minds off the dark side of life. Sometimes you'll
do nearly anything to forget that pain exists. Your particular brand
of humor might not always impress your friends, but it makes you

zy without something to laugh at. You are that

Chapter Six

: Character Creation

7


NG Ail

feel better. Some Jesters manage to escape pain and are truly
happy, but most never find release.

Empathy is yourstrength; with it, you can cheer up others and
find the banana peel in your cabal's path. When you stop joking,
this empathy can be put to other more constructive uses

Your weakness is Hypocrisy. Focusing the attention of others
on happiness leaves a deadly potential to ignore the dreadful. You
can also be a pain in the butt

Regain Willpower when you raise the spirits of those
around you through the device of humor, especially when you are
able to escape your own pain in the process.

Judge
Asa facilitator, moderator, arbitrator, conciliator and peace-

maker, you always seek to make things better. You pride yourself

on your rationality, judgment and deductive ability when given
the facts. You struggle to promote truth, but you understand how
difficult it is to ascertain. You respect justice, for through justice,
truth will reign,

In your view, people are resources, albeit difficult ones. You
hate dissension and arguments, and shy away from dogmatism
Sometimes Judges make good leaders, though a lack of vision can
sometimes cause them to maintain the status quo instead of
searching for a better way.

irness, Wisdom and Logic are your hallmarks. Any group
orsociety needs people with your ability to separate emotions from
the truth

You Lack Vision, however. The static framework you have
Jom

created must be expanded to one of choice, openness and fre

You c

n never transcend until you break free of simple logic

Regain Willpower when you are able to separate the truth

from a web of lies, or when you convince disputing individuals to

agree with your judgments.

Loner

You are always alone, even in the midst of a crowd. You are the
wanderer, hunter and lone wolf. Though others might think of you
as lonely, forsaken or remote, in truth you prefer your own company
to that of others. There are many different reasons why this might be
so: you don't understand people, you understand people too well,
people dislike you, people like you too much, or perhaps your own
thoughts mean more to you than people. Your reasons are your own.

Self-Reliance is your major strength. You get by just fine,
thank you, without help from others. No one can bring another to
Ascension; it must come from within.

Your weakness is your Lack of Empathy. All things and
people have value. By interacting with others, you can find a
rewarding place in the world.

— When you manage to accomplish some significant task

on your own, without the aid of others, yet which still aids the

group in some way, you regain Willpower based on the significance
of the achievement

Martyr

Alll possess the martyr instinct, but few act upon it, and even
fewer live that way. You do, though. Whatever someone else needs,
PS Philips, you will do ifit kills you. This desire for self-sacrifice might stem from

} : low self-esteem or a profoundly developed sense of love. Either way,

you can endure severe suffering because of your beliefs and ideals.

118 Mage: The Ascension


At worst, a Martyr expects sympathy and attention because
of his or her suffering, and may even feign or exag;

erate pain or
deprivation. At best, a Martyr willingly suffers injury or even death
rather than renounce his religion, beliefs, principles, cause or
friends.

Your strength is Devotion; without those who would will-
ingly give of themselves for others' sake, the world would fall into
ruin. Ina way, all mages are Martyrs; their Awakening sets them
forever apart from mortal men.

This same Self-Sacrifice may destroy you. Without some

sense of self-preservation, you will be consumed by others' needs

and drive them to hate you in the bargain
Regain Willpower when you sacrifice yourself in a real

and immediate way for your beliefs or another individual.

Rebel

To hell with the establishment! You're a malcontent, icono

clast and free-thinker. You're so independent and free-willed that

you are unwilling to join any particular cause or movement
Anything that oppresses the individual deserves to be brought
down. You do not make a good follower and aren't usually a very
good leader either (unless your followers are willing to go wherever
you lead).

In
into a static mold!

duality is your strong point; no one is going to force you

Your weakness, however, is your Lack of Direction. Your power

has no focus and cannot be brought to fruition without a goal

Regain Willpower whenever your rebellion against the

status quo turns out to be for the best

Survivor

No matter what happens, you always survive. You can en

dure, pull through, recover from, outlast and outlive nearly any

circumstance. When the going gets tough, you get going. Never
say die, and never give up — ever. Nothing angers you as much as
a person who doesn't struggle to make things better or who
surrenders to the nameless forces of the universe.

Few others have your Perseverance. No matter what the odds
may be, you come out breathing, if not winning. How many
warriors can say the same?

Your weakness is your Lack of Trust. You must open yourself
up to the world to transcend it.

— Regain Willpower whenever you survive a difficult
situation through your own cunning and perseverance.

Traditionalist

You are an orthodox and conservative individual. What was
good enough for you when you were young is good enough for you
now. You oppose change for the sake of change — what point is
there in that? You may be seen by some asa miser, a reactionary or
simply an old fogy, but you know how important it is to preserve
the status quo.

Such Consistency is good to have. With the world in a state of
perpetual flux, someone must hold the center. That someone is you

Excessive Complacency, however, kills. A mage must sum-
mon the energy to enact new possibilities, rather than succumb to

— Regain Willpower whenever you are able to protect the
status quo and prevent change.

Chapter Six: Character Creation 119

a


NO All

Visionary

Very few are brave or strong or imaginative enough to look
beyond mundane thought in search of something more. Society
treats such people with both respect and contempt, for the Vision-
ary challenges society as much as she guides it.

You may be a spiritualist, shaman, New-Ager, mystic, phi-
losopher or inventor, but whatever you are, you are always looking
for something more. You see beyond the bounds of conventional
imagination and create new possibilities. Though you might have
your head in the clouds and are often of an impractical bent, you
are filled with new ideas and perceptions.

Inner truth is your quest, and Imagination is your strength.
With this vision, you may guide others who desperately need such
wisdom.

Your weakness is your Pride, pride in your ability to see and
understand what others cannot. You must learn humility to
Ascend.

— Regain Willpower whenever you are able to convince
others to believe in your dreams and follow the course of action
outlined by your vision of the future.

Afttributes

Human beings are the most flexible organisms around.
That's why we're still around, and that's why we're
smart enough to wonder why.

— Robert Wright, "Science, God and Man"
(Time, Dec. 28, 1992)

Specialties
For each Attribute or Ability rated four or

Ni
Mh T higher, a player may select a specialty for her

character. Such specialties reflect an aspect of that Trait that
someone might be especially good at, like Charming (Manipula-
tion), Pistols (Firearms), Motorcycles (Drive) or Hacking
(Computers).

Aspecialty allows the player to re-roll "10's" on actions when
that specialty comes into play (riding a motorcycle, say, or flirting
with a countess). The player gets to keep the success the "10"
originally indicated, but can try again for another success. She may
continue to roll that die until anything other than a "10" comes
up. Only one specialty may be chosen per Trait.

Physical

Physical Traits indicate a character's raw strength, build,
agility and sturdiness. Characters adept at physical combat or
athletic activities have high Physical Traits.

Strength

This Trait ranks physical power, including the ability to
move heavy items and cause damage. Generally, a character with
ahigh Strength rating will have a larger frame than someone with
a lower rating. Use Strength when attempting to make any sort of
jump or leap. In melee combat, your Strength rating is also added
to your Dice Pool to determine damage.

Suggested Specialties: Hulking Brute, Strong Upper Body, Wiry,
Tough Grip, Massive, Husky, Solid

. Poor: You can bench press 40 Ibs.

Average: You can bench press 100 Ibs.

Good: You can bench press 250 Ibs.

Exceptional: You can bench press 400 Ibs.
Outstanding: You can bench press 600 Ibs.

™~

Mage: The Ascension

Dexterity

Dexterity measures your mage's speed, quickness, agility,
grace and coordination. A person with good balance and reflexes
will havea high rating, and her build with often reflect this—such
people are often slender, graceful and sure-footed.

Suggested Specialties: Cat-like Grace, LightningReflexes, Nimble
Feet, Perfect Balance, Light Touch, Smooth

. Poor: Two left feet and ten thumbs.
oe Average: You can walk and chew gum at the same time.
eee Good: You have natural grace and coordination.

Exceptional: Juggling knives is a career option.
Outstanding: You can dance along the edge of a
precipice while blindfolded.

Stamina

Stamina indicates your general health, tolerance for pain and
the ability to engage in prolonged physical activity. It encom-
passes staying power and a character's will to live and survive
physical hardships.

Suggested Specialties: Tenacity, Tirelessness, Durability, Tough,
Unmovable, Hardy Constitution
. Poor: Your constitution is frail; you get sick easily.

Average: You stay in moderately good health.

Good: You engage in regular exercise and rarely get ill.
* Exceptional: You could run a marathon.
cocee

Outstanding: You can withstand almost any travail.

Social

Social Traits describe looks, charm and understanding of the
human mind. They often determine the nature of your inter
tions with others, from first impressions to leadership skills to
dealing with people in general.

Charisma

This Trait measures how well others react to you. Charisma
can help you win peoples' favor, gain their trust or simply fascinate
them with your presence. This charm is more innate than delib-
erate; overt manipulation has its own Trait. Instead, Charisma
reflects a natural air of confidence, power or social grace. A good
rating makes other believe in you.


Suggested Specialties: Eloquence, Good Manners, Sophistica-
tion, Graciousness, Sensuality, Gentility, Captivating, Regal

. Poor: Othe
Average: You're likable.

Good: People trust and confide in you.

void you.

eee Exceptional: Others are drawn to you in large numbers.
eee Outstanding: You inspire people to great deeds

and loyalty.
Manipulation

Manipulation measures your aptitude for getting others to do

what you want them to. When you want to trick, outmaneuver or

influence someone, overtly or otherwise, use this Trait. Manipu-

lation works on friends and foes alike, though it may be more

difficult on the latter. If you blow an attempt to Manipulate

someone, he will probably be really pissed off with you. No one

likes to be fooled.

Suggested Specialties: Silver-Tongued, Imposing, Persuasive, In-

gratiating, Glib, Charming, Devious

. Poor: You have a hard time convincing others to do
what you want.

. Average: Sometimes, others believe you.

Good: Word games and political fencing are no problem.

Exceptional: Clever and sophisticated.

Outstanding: With a little effort, you can make people

do almost anything you want.

Appearance

This Trait indicates how attractive you are. It measures more
than just physical beauty. Any feature — animation, expressive-
ness, cuteness, vulnerability, etc. — that others find enticing
could be considered part of your Appearance. This Trait can be
vital in some situations, for like it or not, we're all influenced by
the way people look. Appearance is a good way to measure first
impressions.

Suggested Specialties: Alluring, Bold, Sensual, Cute, Cuddly,
Roguish, Innocent, Wild

. Poor: Others treat you with indifference or hostility.

. Average: You fit in well with the crowd.

Good: People notice you.

eee Exceptional: Others respect and favor you, for your
looks if nothing else.

eeeee Outstanding: You awe and fascinate others with your

beauty.

Mental

These Traits represent instincts, wits, memory, learning and
imagination. A character with high Mental Traits can usually
think himself out of bad situations or absorb vast amounts of data.

Perception

How much do you notice? How aware are you of your
surroundings? Are you wide-eyed and imaginative, or do you trip
over the cracks in the sidewalk? This Trait covers all of these
things, from attentiveness to comprehension. Some people, espe-

cially children, have high Perceptions because of their perpetual
wonder; others watch the shadows out of nervousness or caution.
Whatever the reason, your overall sensitivity to impressions and
stimuli can be judged by this Trait.

Perception goes beyond sensory impression. A mage with a
high rating can catch subtleties in someone's demeanor, grasp the
intent behind a work of art or overhear the snapping twig that
indicates an ambush. Characters on the run will need high
Perceptions to survive.

Suggested Specialties: Keen Senses, Uncanny Insight, Clear-
Sighted, Astute, Watchful, Intuitive, Feral

' Poor: Huh? What'd he say?

Ld Average: You notice obvious goings-on.

Good: You can get below the obvious and pick up
moods and subtexts.

Exceptional: You are constantly alert and spot subtle
things easily.
Outstanding: Few things get past you.

Intelligence

This Trait measures raw mental processes — memory, reten-
tion, judgment, reasoning, understanding and critical thinking.
Although it reflects information-processing and clarity of thought
more than common sense or street savvy, a character with a low
Intelligence may miss the underlying complexities of an argument
or event — everything seems clear-cut and simple. Complexities,
to such people, are for other folks.

A character with a high Intelligence Trait has very sophisti-
cated thought patterns; she can analyze many levels ofan argument
and discern truth from lies. Overall, Intelligence represents care-
fully-reasoned judgments over quick intuitive decisions.
Suggested Specialties: Sheer Brilliance, Creative, Bookworm,
Pragmatic, Discerning Thinker, Analyst
. Poor: IQ 80

Average: IQ 100

Good: 1Q 120

Exceptional: IQ 140
© Outstanding: 1Q 160+

Wits

The Wits Trait is a measure of how quickly you think and
react to new situations. It combines shrewdness with overall
sharpness and cleverness. A character with a low Wits rating, like
the veritable "deer in the headlights," may be easily taken off-
guard, tricked or surprised. Those with a high Wits rating are
seldom waylaid by sudden changes. Whatever happens, they keep
their heads clear and their minds focused. You also use Wits to see
how fast you react in combat situations and other times of stress.
Suggested Specialties: Level-Headed, Shrewd, Cunning, Jumpy,
One Step Ahead, Sharp
. Poor: A con man's dream.

eocce

Average: Rush Limbaugh doesn't impress you.

Good: You can handle big city rush-hour traffic
without wrecking your car.

Exceptional: Sharp enough to be a stand-up comic.

Outstanding: You can handle nearly any unexpected
event with clarity and purpose.

eoee

Chapter Six: Character Creation 121

DW

NOW All

Abilities

T

to live

e wise man does not meditate on death, but on how

— Benedict Spinoza

Talents
Alertness

Your sharp senses are ever-vigilant. With
Alertness, you've lea

d to keep an eye open in
every direction, listening and watching for unex-
pected things lurking around the corner. Seldom does anyone or
anything catch you by surprise.
. Novice: You can spot almost anything you're looking for.
oe Practiced: You notice everything that happens around
you, whether overt or subtle.

6 Competent: Trouble has a hard time getting past your
eee Expert: You rarely, if ever, let down your guard.
eeeee Master: Eyes in the back of your head

Nothing escapes you.
Possessed by: Bodyguards, Hunters, Detectives, Military Person-
nel, Reporters, Thieves

Suggested Specialties: Paranoia, Spot Ambushes, Point Guard

122 Mage: The Ascension

ee

Athletics

Climbing rocky cliffs, leaping chasms or playing brilliant
games of badminton are all Athletics-based feats. This Ability
describes your general athletic skills with both team and indi-
vidual sports. It assumes a familiarity with the rules and play of the
sport in question.

. Novice: You're always the first pick for teams at family
reunion football games.

oe Practiced: You've played regularly on school or

community athletic teams.

© Competent: You understand the rules and strategies of
all popular sports; you've played or participated in a
wide variety of athletic activities.

eee Expert: An accomplished athlete, you train vigorously
and could be a professional in your chosen sport.

eeeee Master: Your athletic abilities are world-class;

you could even serve as a trainer for others
Possessed by: Most Children, Professional Athletes, Gym In-
structors, Sports Enthusiasts
Suggested Specialties: Any Specific Sport (Swimming, Football,
Tennis, etc.), Body-building, Outdoor Sports, Aerobics, Running


ZN ||

AEG ||

jearc) JajBIeYD :xIg Jardeyo,

pIpayy Ul op & Surseysind 07 swutod aouauiadxa samy
LUeIC) ‘Sassanons aa14p pt _A\ "99Ip XIsJo ]eI01 ¥UOR,
HOMAASUT SIY S|JOr 191g "g = (¢) BDUABTJaIUT s,esst4e|C)
aq 40} AaNOYpIP aseq ayp {(¢ aoUasIJoIUT) UsL>] OF

1 uostad A]u0 ayp aq a,uom ay Os (AMIDIPAy) pre ASH

Arequawitpns inoge UeAY esst1e | JaquioW ANULYD MOT]9y STY Y>eDI Or
sa}nt ‘9 durex 104 ‘a1qoy] 19g *]]PY8 WE spremor Aydde ues aUapMsoyp
squrod aauariadxa jo zquinu ayp st sassaans jo Jaquunu ayjf,Buryovar
Jo Yauow sod apew aq Avu jor 9uG "2oUasI}JoqUT sauapms ay

suru |] Jo Aaynoypip v asurede UoNNMsUy + UoREINdruEpy snos |Jou
ypys aeynonaed & ysear o1 sayer ay Adioua puke ou ay oUTMUMAp OL
*]]9M se opa[MoUY{ siEp Ut Siop.anoj or dn AUapMase year AE NOA ‘98po
-|MOUYY JINdUIOD UI SLOP 4NoJ AAeY NOK Jt ‘goURISUL 10, "Sapa|MoUy,
[ue s}[P4g ANOK s1ayIO YoLDI 01 NOK sMO}|E IUDTE | SIA "UMO ANA 9A0qL
Bune squopnys & aster JaAdU UED NOA YBNOY]], [Joa puL Ase UTeAT
1 skvat ur siafgns year UeD Nod ‘uOHIINAISUT YALA,

uolponApsu]

s19yp0 29]

usisag] aweE ‘oIpey, yfe_L ‘soMtfog ‘Apa

AOD ‘aso1g ‘UOHwstAorduyy ‘SIsNyy ‘An90g :sanqeIDadg parsaB8ng
sishay aoueUHOpag ‘SII A\ ‘sURIOINIOg ‘sIOIDY :4q passassog
"Bury uaydaag 10 mos
ano Jo sistuze seyndod qsour ayp jo auo ‘S]]PAS 9415s
sno 40} ado] PUL UMOUY Aj[EUOHBU ate NO sAIsLYY
aouRUUoyiad Anos 01 UoIssed
daap yam puodsor sdvmye saousipne ano, uadxq

avg ‘Joure,\ Apury se yons ‘ep
audxa

suinipaut

uasoyp ano{ ur ssa99ns sejndod v a1 NOX nUDI2dWIOD wee
+]])s pue aoe

JO [PAd] A]qQeIOU & YAM aredTUNUIWIOD NOX :parHoVg oe

"diysrejoyps a¥ajo9 e uLA\ 01 YBNoUD

AON, .

poo8 Ajqeqord ‘syuayea Arequaumpns avy Nox,

aotoyp Jo WnIpaUL s1ay UF UOIssed pue aouaNbo]a YIM sBuI}99}

aiayp Aaauos sBunes ysty ys sxaivereys Sue ue s :
Suuop asaysty sy Uy "BurUopied so Bupjyeads ‘Bursurs Bunn
are NOK 1aYRaYAr ‘ss019e IUIOd ANOA 108 NOA sdjay UoIssaudxg

uolssoddxy

19A00) 40) aac] "Jong ‘darsapig :sanpersadg parsading

sisnay yen

avy ‘sioounog ‘Jauuosiag Are] ‘s1IYsIy lang :Aq passassog
aqing

daasapis 01 paureay Aypenroe 9A,NOK ‘DUN J9AG "OILY eee
"Buo] 10) a9v]d oUO UI AvIs Or WI99s JAA NOA

ANY 01 yNoYsIp ApBurpaaoxa nos puy sanuaug 9dxXq eee
NOK ayy a,UOA.
sypene you a19YA JJosinod do¥[d 01 shea Jo JoquINU v

MOU NOs Spaouatiadxa pu paysi{ditosoy suaradwor) eee
"ayes pue uMop Avas 02

way AoUy or SIYZYy YSNoUd UL Uaag a4,NO x :padnoeig oe
"Buruzem atos avy Nod jt

a4y Jo aul] & BUIpIOAL Jo soiseq AYR MOLY NOJ :99140N e

-sypenie Burwoour
Aue jo Ava ati Jono 198 on Aatpiqe AOA saquosap Ajduts o8pocq "ny,

Sumas rou st Aunfur proae o7 Ava asaq ay patueay aa,NO4 ‘Moe
uv daasapis 40 yound v yanp ‘9A09 Joy 9aIp Nos A>LPOYA\

9$poq

Burxog ‘Sunysty Aug ‘(-o19 ‘avery

‘opryry ‘opn{) afag sury jemmeyy Auy :sanperadg parsasiing
siaounog,

‘S19 9YJO adHJOg ‘sAny_L, ‘sIaIpjog ‘sis eNILyy :Aq_ passassog
-jooyps Sunysy ev pouuoy sdeysod

pue 91438 onbrun umo anod padopaaap 24,n0 A ssoasepy

i]

"uuey quaueULad SurOp anoyta APpInb

ad;

sue jenreu & Ut aJaq ypuIG k ssassod NOX :

MOP aUOaIOS ayL1. 01 MOY MOU NOX stUDIadUWIOS, is
syayo
wnuttxeut soy ajdoad ary 01 x94 MOU NO :paonoeig
"synonsy

Jo soiseq ayy Moy NOA ‘paouatadxaut YsNoY], :291A0N e

puey a1eg anod yar
Suplayns pur uyed jo 20] B asneo ued NOA ang ‘yerey AypesdUa 2,Ust
Suypmeag ‘Bung pue Suyyoresos Areurpyo asnf so Burmosp ‘Buyd
-dei3 ‘Suppor ‘Buryound se yons siaanouew puey-or-puey o1seq
Surpnpour ‘uodeaa v anoyaar aysy or Arypiqe oyp st Surpawerg

[Meg

sjeunuy ‘peapup,
anperadg parsaiing

ayp ‘simidg ‘suewsyey ‘Supeoy vany +

saisdig ‘st9}]9_[ uno, ‘sorypsg ‘storwsNsAauy :Aq passassog
‘souauiadxe yoea yim sBurya atou Sura]

1 yp YIM ouNUTUOD AjsE|NBax Noy "URLINT]A | ay
UL ysunoy watp Ya Suing Aoyp s1uDAa ppo axp [fe pue
siaytysadeysasuens ‘peap Surypeas‘syutds ssapasoy :101se yy
‘a1ayp2 ano siamod

aay ‘ouoye

‘out

pue soumva19 UMOUYUN Jo PHom I]oyA v
Jou ore sueUINY IY aueMe APUEISUOD dv NOX ssadxq

"Ajluais s1ojo9 vane qUaIayIp IwYA paused] 94,NOA pue

‘eine ue aavy sBuryp [pe IY aas Uk NOX suaIedwioD, °
"ajqeurejdxoun ayp 10 sisixa uoneueldxa euorer
& IYI UONIOU oy OUI Ang NOA op saBUO] ONY :paonoeIg oe

‘usta nod sooejd 40 399
nos a[doad anoge saqia pu19a 108 UdYJO NO :9d1A0N .

(aig aardeyy ur, p>18
N9Q,, 29g) "SainIeU ana ayy inoqe UONRUUO;UT aBeW

Bur
dU S913 a1 adUIS ‘sauNIVaID JOYIO YAM SUOTIOLIATUT s9oUANYUT ss9u
-alemy euaWoudyd ,9]q!S1AUl,, pa1opisuoo sur puL suosiod sv

[]" se ‘suews!ye p se Yons si99fgo oeUNTUBUT pue seuTUE ‘stds
osje 1u9]e | oY] ‘peapun zo peap ‘aarpe ‘uewNY
s} 1a{qns ays IOU JO JAYRoYA WUads1p P]nos ays ‘a{dtuexo 404
SutApnas s} ays wyM Jo angeU pemeusadns oy!oads oy a10u ALU

rae 02 spud

ays

ss99Ns HOU YT A ‘S199{qo 10 sBuroq anoqe ,sBurjaay AuUNY,,
aq asnf ABUL sta ‘ssao9ns Jo s]aAa] Jomo] IY "29B4e2 JOY INoqL asuas
vo oSet aya aro ays ‘sassadons yo Jaquunu ays ayes ay,
"AnuNoD saYpoUR UL IDA [x1
v asuas 0 IUA]E J 9 Asn a,URD ays ang "OY aDUEp ay) sso19E IsvD
ypldeur asuas 07 ssouaremy ash pjnoo aseur e ‘ajduexa sog ‘a8ues

eu

Atosuas JeUOU Jo saLepUNOg ay UTYIA "pIseUT Jo aouasoid
ay se Yons ‘uoudWOUDYd [ensnun si9919p WEL, SILL ISS:
stadaayg atios "Auge pexoiseu v A]a32e] st sty Ysnoyppy "Aarne

‘od op

Jemeuodns ada. awyp sosuas jeuIMeUasd soMI]E sID9YOI ss
-dreMy ‘SSUIdq JOYIO AL} AYE] UMOUDUN oY? asuas ULD soe

SSOUIICMY


NO Ail

Sometimes, a student may become discouraged and dis-
tracted from her studies with various interruptions. In this case,
e may have to spend a Willpower point (at the Storyteller's
discretion) to continue learning. With a lot of stops and starts, the
student will have to burn a great deal of Willpower. Likewise, the
teacher may decide to withdraw his services if the student doesn't
seem to be progressing. Without approval from the Storyteller,
Talents like Awareness and Empathy cannot generally be taught;

they are inborn and only learned the hard way,
. Novice
multiplication, in an understandable manner.

You can present simple concepts, such as

Practiced: You can teach moderately complex subjects
like physics in straightforward lessons.

. Competent: You can teach anything you know to a
level of high-school competency.

Expert: Learning from you is a pleasure; you make
advanced calculus and ancient languages easily

Master: You're a teacher who consistently inspires your
pupils, endowing them with a deep and true

understanding of what you instruct.

Possessed by: Mentors, Teachers, Do Masters, Professors
Suggested Specialties: Any Skills and Knowledges, Specific Sub-
jects (History, Law, Statistics, etc.), Tradition Practices

Intuition

Your hunches are good, and you've come to trust them.
Sometimes, you can't explain why you know something or how
you jump from a jumbled set of facts to a brilliant conclusion, but
the talent has served you well. Intuition reflects your aptitude for
good guessing and having "gut feelings." This Talent is not a
bility, but rather an inborn "sixth sense" for making leaps

psychi
of logic and connections. Intuition may let the character know
whether or not someone is lying or allow her to pick up on a lead
to a puzzle from a seemingly minute set of clues. Intuition is also
an excellent tool for the Storyteller to convey information to the
players.

. Novice: Your instincts often put you on the right trail.
. Practiced: You've learned to always follow your first
answer,
Competent: You know when something's afoot

Expert: Not only do you know when something's wrong,
you know where to go to figure out who's responsible.

Master: Your insights are so sudden and precise, you

scare yourself.

Possessed by: Gamblers, Fortune Tellers, Entrepreneurs, Body-
guards, Investigators, Verbena

Suggested Specialties: Nose for Trouble, Flashes of Inspiration,

Gambling, Insightful

Intimidation

Intimidation lends you an air of quiet authority and domi-
nance. It comes in many forms, from subtle suggestions to outright
physical threats or harm. Each method depends on the time, the
place, and those involved. Characters with this Talent know how
to get what they want when they want it.

124 Mage: The Ascension

. Novice: You can back geeks into a comer.
. Practiced: You've won the occasional staredown with
a bothersome competitor for a bus seat.

Competent: People avoid your direct gaze and scurry to
do your bidding or answer your questions.

Expert: With a soft whisper or even a single gesture,
you convince others to obey you on your terms.
Master: Faced with your commanding presence, a wolf
might consider showing its throat to you.

Possessed by: Businesspeople, Bouncers, Military Personnel,
Mobsters, Men in Black, Mentors

Suggested Specialties: Veiled Threats, Overt Violence, Com-
manding Voice, Condescending, Look Official

Streetwise

You can find lots of useful stuffon the street: information, hit
men, love for sale and drugs, for starters. On the other hand, you
can also find real trouble. This Talent allows you to blend in with
the local scene in order to pick up on pertinent gossip and teaches
you how to survive on the streets by simple larceny and panhan-
dling. It includes a knack for picking up street slang and passing
yourself off as a street-dweller.

. Novice: Youknow where to find hookers and drug dealers.
. Practiced: The local street people think you're okay
and give you some measure of trust

Competent: You know how to get the best skinny on

everything that happens on the street.

Expert: You make friends and contacts with ease on the
streets, and fit into the local color like you belong there.
Maybe you do.

Master: You're a natural on the streets; people fully
accept you as one of their own, and you can find
invaluable information or items outsiders couldn't
possibly pick up.

Possessed by: Gang Members, Winos, the Homeless, Streetwalkers,

Crime Reporters, Detectives, Cultists of Ecstasy

Suggested Specialties: Gangs, Chicken Strips, Drugs, Nightclubs,
Street Slang

Subterfuge

You're a tricky bastard. You hide your own motives and discover
others' secrets to use their own plans against them. The intrigues of
other people fascinate you because they reveal inherent weaknesses
you utilize to your own advantage. Characters skilled in Subterfuge
know how to call upon their best wordplay and body language to gain
information without others realizing what they've given a'

. Novice: You lie easily and convincingly.
Practiced: You're adept at getting the upper hand in a
parley.

Competent: When there are secrets to be learned, you
always come out with the clear advantage.

Expert: You're always ten moves ahead in the chess
game... or the conversation.

Master: You're so proficient at guarding your own hand
and reading others' plans, you sometimes fool yourself.
Possessed by: Lawyers, Con Artists, Politicians, Hermetic Masters
Suggested Specialties: Little White Lies, Innuendoes, Find Weak-
nesses, Fast Talk, Gossip


Skills

Do

Do, translated as "the way," is the most basic of all martial arts
forms. But Do encompasses much more than simple fighting.
Simply put, Do opens a person to his body's ultimate potential
through mental and physical concentration. Akashic Brothers are
the only teachers of Do and alll its maneuvers, and they require
students to display great discipline and dedication. The members of
this Tradition have learned that the full integration of mind, body
and reality enable them to unlock abilities that would otherwise
remain untapped. Students desiring to learn either Do philosophy
or fighting styles must seek out Akashic Brothers for their instruc-
tion. (For the particulars of Do, see "Combat" in Chapter Ten.)

Beginning characters may only purchase up to two dots of Do;
higher levels may only come through experience and training. As
a student progresses through the levels of Do, he usually adds the
animal name associated with a particular level to his own name;
these names are mentioned only among the Akashic Brother-
hood. Each step brings further enlightenment and conceptual
understanding, so that the student eventually reaches a level of
cognition where he may consider himself human again, able to use
his body to its highest possible potential.

. Insect (grasshopper, mantis, ant): You are an initiate of
the teachings of Do and have learned the basics of
proper breathing and how to move your limbs with
some efficiency.

. Reptile (lizard, snake, iguana): You have begun to
understand your body as one unit and become one with
that unit.

Four-Footed (tiger, boar, horse): Realizing there is a
hidden potential inside everyone, you see the current of
energy beneath your physical form and can call upon it.
Bipedal (monkey, bear, ape): You may exert
tremendous force through the simplest of motions.
True Humanity: an Honored Master or One Who is
Truly Enlightened. Your mind is at peace; you know
that all things have strengths and weaknesses and can
be destroyed as well as constructed. You concern your
self not so much with what can be done as opposed to
what should be done.

Drive

This Skill reflects your ability to operate motor vehicles,
though merely having a Drive rating does not guarantee your
familiarity with all vehicles. The Storyteller may raise or lower your
target number based on your experience with a particular vehicle.

. Novice: You can drive an automatic or standard auto
mobile or ride a motorcycle without a problem.

o- Practiced: You've driven in a car race with a high
school buddy on a back road.

eee Competent: You know some trick maneuvers and how
to get the best performance from a vehicle.
eeee Expert: You could race professionally.

Master: Your Astin Martin is waiting for you. Do be
careful.

Possessed by: Truckers, Race Car Drivers, Parents, Chauffeurs
Suggested Specialties: Off-Road, Big Trucks, Limos, Motorcycles,
Evading Pursuit

Etiquette

You possess impeccable manners, conducting yourself with
grace and style in a myriad of social circumstances. Your Etiquette
Skill is useful during diplomatic engagements, fanciful dinners,
romantic dances or seductive pick-ups at the bar. Used well, it may
pay off in surprising ways.

. Novice: You know which forks and spoons to use at
dinner.

oo Practiced: Eyebrows raise at your elegant tipping style.

Competent: You know the best wines and foods to

order and how to dress for most social occasions.
Expert: You could plan a United Nations state dinner.

Master: At home with anyone, you can squat with the
Aborigines in the morning and sip tea with the Queen
in the afternoon.

Possessed by: Idle Rich, Corporate Executives, Tradition Mas-
ters, Diplomats
Suggested Specialties: Dining, Soirees, Business Deals, Seductions

Firearms

You know about the properties, repair and use of a variety of
guns, from small calibre rifles to submachine guns. This Skill does
not cover heavy artillery weapons, but you do have knowledge of
the various types of ammunition available for firearms.

. Novice: You've had one or two lessons at the firing range.
oo Practiced: You almost always manage to hit the target.
© Competent: You can pull off some fairly impressive

maneuvers with a firearm.
eee Expert: Youcan hit almost any target even under duress.
Master: You'd give Dirty Harry a hard time.
Possessed by: Gang Members, Police, Soldiers, Hunters, Cyborgs
Suggested Specialties: Rifles, Handguns, Machine Guns, Custom
Ammunition, Cybernetic Weaponry

Leadership

People look to you to take charge in many situations. With
this Skill, you know how to get them to obey your orders and
remain calm under stress. Leadership involves exerting a certain
authority and setting a good example to those in your charge.
Combined with Charisma or Manipulation, you may have signifi-
cant power over others' actions.

. Novice: You can head a committee successfully.

oe Practiced: You can coordinate major projects or speak

confidently at town meetings.

ee Competent: You can manage a profitable company or
run for local government.
eee Expert: Have you considered candidacy for a national

office?

Master: You can change the course of human events,
like Gandhi... or Genghis Khan.

Possessed by: Politicians, Businessmen, Military Officers, Gang
Leaders

Specialties: Take Command, Sway Opinion, Oration, Gain Trust,
Brainstorming

Chapter Six: Character Creation 125

=

DWE

126

Mage: The Ascension

Meditation

Centering yourself, calming troubled emotions and relaxing
your body are the purposes of Meditation. Those attempting Medita-
tion require afocus for their thoughts, an object, a phrase ora physical
and allows for total concentra-

action which screens out dis
tion. Meditation has many uses
+ Meditation, difficulty

ctions

makingup for lost sleep (roll Stamina

8, the number of successes is equal to the
hours of sleep gained); entering a state of hibernation (roll Stamina
+ Meditation, difficulty 9, the number of su
many days the character can survive without sustenance); or gaining

sses determines how

insight into complicated puzzles (roll Intelligence + Meditation,

difficulty 9, each success lowers the difficulty of an Enigmas roll by 1)

Meditation can take many forms, such as yoga or Tai Chi, and several

styles of magick require Meditation as part of their rituals.

. Novice: You can sit still and focus your thoughts for a
short period of time.

oe Practiced: Your mind can achieve a state of peace.

Competent: You can center your thoughts and your
spirit under adverse circumstances.

Expert: You can achieve a state of being where others
find it hard to distract you.

Master: Even in times of stress or disaster, you are able
to remain calm, at ease and inwardly focused.
Possessed by: Martial Artists, Monks, Granola-chicks

ted Specialties: Relaxation, Zen, Tantric, Virtual Reality,

Sugge:
Foci

Melee

Melee is the skill of fighting with blunt or edged weapons, such
as knives, clubs and swords. Proficiency with such weapons can earn
agreat deal of status in the right environment. Some Traditions and
Conventions value Melee as a part of training during apprentice-

ship, and duels of honor often call upon the ability to fight with

certain melee weapons.

. Novice: You know how to pick up a weapon and use it
with some basic fighting techniques.

. Practiced: You have some formal instruction with at
least one weapon.

‘ompetent: You've been in a number of successful
fights and are familiar with the different styles
associated with certain melee weapons.

Expert: A worthy opponent, you have earned fame as
an armed fighter.

Master: You are deadly with a weapon in your grasp;
others consider you one of the finest known
combatants with your chosen style

Possessed by: Martial Artists, Law Enforcement, Soldiers,
Recreationists, Gang Members

Suggested Specialties: Edged Weapons, Disarms and Takeaways,

Blunt Instruments, Improvised Weapons

Research

All seekers of knowledge must learn how to find information.
This Skill allows a character to locate resources he needs for further-
ing his studies. Such information exists in traditional libraries, in oral
tribal litanies or in sophisticated virtual reality nodes. Success with
act lore

Research doesn't necessarily mean the character gets the ey
he seeks, but he will know where to obtain what he's looking for.


. Novice: You're comfortable with most public sources
of information, such as the local library

oe Practiced: You've used in-depth reference systems,
such as the World Wide Web or Gopher.

Competent: You know the contents of many privately

owned libraries.

Expert: Given time, you can locate most any piece of
information you need

Master: Whether written, encoded or spoken, you
know where to find the lore you are seeking

Possessed by: Writers, Scientists, Hermetic Acolytes, Librarians

¢ Collections, On-line Data, Oral Tra
atter (History, Philosophy, etc.), Folklore

Suggested Spe

ditions, Specific $

Stealth

If you're good at this Skill, youcan stalk, sneak orhide silently
in the shadows. Other characters can use their Perception against
your Stealth abilities, and certain environmental conditions may
affect your difficulty roll positively or adversely
. Novice: Youcan hide pretty well in the dark if youstay still
Practiced: You've gotten the hang of moving silently

Competent: Youare an accomplished nighttime hunter

Expert: You can walk silently over dry leaves and
through mud puddles

ee Master: Have you considered joining a ninja clan?
Possessed by: Spies, Assassins, Burglars, Hunters
Suggested Specialties: Blending Into Shadows, Silent Movement,

Concealment, Floors

Survival

The wilderness and other outdoor environs are dangerous for
those unfamiliar with their hazards. Survival allows you to seek
shelter, find a safe route or follow a trail in the great outdoors. Basic
survival skills apply to a range of climates, though characters will

not necessarily have proficiency in every possible outdoor setting
For example, even if you have spent time in the wilds of the
Appalachians, you may will still have trouble in the Arctic
Additionally, if you use Stealth in the wilderness, your Dice Pool
may not exceed your rating in Survival

A variant on this Skill, Urban Survival, allows you to live on

thestreets, picking through trash, finding warm places to sleep and
knowing where — and where not — to go for shelter.
. Novice: You can survive an all-day hike in a temperate

environment

oe Practiced: You have spent considerable time outdoors
and are fully at ease there.

eee Competent: You are familiar with advanced survival
techniques, such as trapping and gathering foodstuffs
from the wilderness.

eeee Expert: Youcan live like a king in the outdoors without
any modern conveniences.

e@eeee Master: Making it across Death Valley or up Mount

Everest on foot isn't that hard!
Possessed by: Tribal Cultures, Hunters, Rangers, Hikers, Street
Suggested Specialties: Tracks and Trails, Specific Environments.
retic, Desert, Urban, etc.), Foraging

v

127

NO All

Il,

Technology

With Technology, a character understands how mechanical
and electronic devices work. This Skill allows you to use and repair
technological items, such as cars, recording devices and light

machinery. Some forms of technomagick may require this skill to

succeed.

. Novice: Normal household technology is familiar;
replacing fuses, fixing the toaster, and checking the
fluid levels in the station wagon are no problem.

. Practiced: You like to tinker with mechanical or
electronic devices; you could put together a working
clock ot a transistor radio with no difficulty.

eee Competent: You have the insight to engineer simple

technological items of your own design and construct
them to suit your needs.

Expert: You regularly invent highly complex mechanical
and electronic machines that perform multiple tasks
and functions.

eeeee Master: You create unique and one-of-a-kind
technological devices that do utterly amazing things
no one can replicate.

Possessed by: Repairmen, Security Specialists, Technomancers,
Inventors

Suggested Specialties: Electronics, Transports, Security Systems,
Magickal Devices, Invention

Knowledges
Computer

This ability allows you to operate computers
puter programs. You probably know one or more programming

and write com-

languages and may even design your own computer systems. This
Knowledge is necessary if you wish to break into protected com-
puter systems or crack any kind of digital encryption

. Student: You can use a word processing program like an
experienced secretary.
nd possess a

* College: You write simple programs
knowledge of most operating systems and software.
Masters: You're a competent programmer; you write
extensive and complex software.

Doctorate: You could make a living through on-line theft.

Scholar: You could probably construct an Al or break
into the most sophisticated computer system in the world.
Data Processors. Hackers, Virtual

Possessed by: Programmer:
Adepts
Suggested Specialties: Hacking, Viruses, Data Shredding, Surfing

Cosmology

The universe holds many secrets. This Knowledge reflects
the information you can learn and understand about the Umbra
and its many Realms. Cosmology is related to the Sphere of Spirit
in the sense that both deal with the Umbra and its denizens.
esmology relates more to the cultural and physical
31) the Umbra (such as it is), whereas the Sphere of
ith the manipulation and control of the Umbra's

age: The Ascension

—

. Student: You know that a place called the Umbra exists.
oe College: You know certain places and things to avoid
in the Umbra.

eee Masters: You can navigate reasonably well throughout
the Otherworlds.
eeee — Doctorate: You are familiar with difficult-to-find

persons, places and things throughout the Umbra and
the R
Scholar: You are a veteran traveler of the Otherworlds;
you intimately understand the construction and the

ms.

inhabitants of the cosmos.
Possessed by: Mages, Garou, Demons, Umbrood, Nephandi

Suggested Specialties: Celestines, Incarna, Near Umbra, Deep

Umbra, Realms

Culture

The idea of Culture combines the concepts of societal beliefs,
behaviors, rituals, institutions, history and general thought pat-
terns in reference to a certain group of people. [tencompasses both
how members of the society behave and what motivates their
actions. The character can call upon his Culture Knowledge to
interact with or influence certain societies and can pick up on
useful tidbits when encountering a new one, based on his experi-

ences.

. Student: You know some taboos and cultural more:

College: You're familiar with most cultures that have
some similarity to your own.

Masters: You're conversant with the sociological
imperatives of several diverse cultures.

Doctorate: You are a expert in working with other
cultures; given time, you can fit easily into any society.
Scholar: You're at home with most any culture you
encounter from the outset.

Possessed by: Anthropologists, Sociologists, Politicians, Explorers

Suggested Specialties: Religion, Taboos, Politics, Specific Societal
Groups (Garou, Kindred, Faeries, Traditions, Technocracy, etc.)

Enigmas

Using Enigmas enables you to piece together puzzles of all
kinds, bringing together bits of information to solve mysteries and
conundrums. With this Knowledge, you can remember pertinent
facts and vital details and combine them into a coherent explana-
tion of what may going on. This could include anything from
answering riddles, to navigating the Technocratic bureaucracy, to
fulfilling a quest given by a mentor.

. Student: You can solve a cryptogram or put together a
large jigsaw puzzle.

* College: Logic problems are a snap for you.

Masters: You are an astute deductive reasoner, difficult

to trick.

Doctorate: You can order reason out of chaos.

Scholar: With just a couple of clues, you might solve
some of the great mysteries of the universe.

Possessed by: Crossword Devotees, Consulting Detectives, Gamers,
Analysts

Suggested Specialties: Riddles, Visions, Twisted Plots

Investigation

Investigation allows you to call upon training in basic crimi-
nology to locate evidence, perform forensic analysis and note
minute details others miss. It also gives you the know-how to
conduct a proper criminal investigation and reconstruct the scene
of a crime to gain insight into what really occurred.

. Student: You are an amateur with rudimentary training,
oo College: You've had some investigative experience, on

the level of a law enforcement officer.

aoe ters: You're experienced and could set up a
sful business as a PI.
eee Doctorate: You could serve as a field agent for z

government intelligence or investigative agency.

Scholar: You fit well within the company of Sherlock
Holmes, Hercule Poirot, or Lord Darcy.

Possessed by: Detectives, Reporters, Government (or Techno-
cratic) Agents

Suggested Specialties: Forensics, Criminal Minds, Collecting
Evidence

Law

Those who know the law can often use it to their advantage.
This Ability gives you knowledge of the legal system and jurispru-
dence, both how to manipulate the law and how to work within
the system to get what you want.

. Student: Your knowledge is practical, along the lines of
most police officers.

. College: You could pass the state bar exam.

© Masters: You've practiced law for some years and are a
full partner in a firm.
Doctorate: You've served as a judge or a district attorney.

Scholar: You could be a Supreme Court justice, or a
or Parliament.
8, Public Officials, Law-

member of Congre:

Possessed by: Law Enforcement Offi
yers, Criminals, Detectiv

Suggested Specialties: Legal Procedures, Courts, Law Offices,
Specific Fields of Law (Criminal, Real Estate, Tax, Corporate,
etc.)

Linguistics

Everyone speaks their native tongue with normal profi-
ciency; with each level of Linguistics, you may speak one additional
understand the basic structure of language, which often influences
thought and action within a specific culture. Proficiency with this
ability also lets you identify certain accents and dialects and easily
acquire vernacular and slang in a chosen language.

. Student: You know one additional language.

oo College: You know two additional languages.
Masters: You know three additional languages.

Doctorate: You know four additional languages.

Scholar: You know five additional language.
Possessed by: World Travelers, Scholars, Diplomats, Interpreters,
Hermetic Magi

Suggested Specialties: Epithets, "Dead" Languages, Business Ter-
minology, Technical Terms, Simultaneous Translating, Reading
Ancient Texts

IN

Every supernatural group hoards its secrets from others. Lore
provides you with information about a particular "hidden" subcul-
ture or organization within the Tellurian. Knowledge about other
groups, however, may often be second-hand or even assumed, and
doubtless whoever is providing the information will filter it to suit
their own needs. For example, a Technomancer would describe
the Camarilla very differently than one of the Kindred themselves
would. Gathering Lore may lead to inaccurate perceptions that
can trip up players and create interesting problems and inherent
dangers. Maybe you don't really want to know about those barabbi
habits after all

Each type of Lore must be purchased separately; knowledge of
the Get of Fenris will not help you deal with Technocrats. Some
of these Lores are exceedingly dangerous to learn — or to know.

. Student: dubious and sketchy facts.

You po:

College: You are certain some of your knowledge is

then again, you may know just enough to get
yourself in real trouble.

accurate;

Masters: You could hold an intelligent conversation
with a member of the organization in question.

Doctorate: You've learned some facts they wish you
didn't know.

st as well z

Scholar: You know the subjects at le:
know themselv:

they
es, and they may consider you a liability.

sed by: Sages, Spies, Mentors, War Cabals

Variations (each one bought separately): Faerie, Garou, Kindred,
Technocrats, Traditions, Nephandi, Marauders, Wyrm, Sabbat

Medicine

Medicine is the study of anatomy and physiology and the
techniques used to cure bodily ills. Itincludes a knowledge of drugs
and their use along with the diagnosis and treatment of disease and
injury. For complicated tasks, this Knowledge is necessary in order
to effectively use the Sphere of Life.

. Student: You know advanced first aid, CPR and the
basics to keep someone alive until professional medical

help arrives.

oe College: You have the equivalent of paramedic-level
training.
eee Masters: You are a licensed physician and can dispense

medication to treat diseases and illness

eeee Doctorate: You can perform surgery.

@eeee¢ Scholar: You are a famous healer, a well-known

specialist in your field.

Possessed by: Doctors, Rescue Rangers, Paramedics, Progenitors,
Verbena

Suggested Specialties: Alternative Medicine, Pharmaceuticals,
Emergency Care, Diseases, Specialized Fields (Neurology,
Oncology, Orthopedics, etc.)

129

Chapter Six: Character Creation

Nz

IW

NG Ail

Occult

The occult encompasses both trendy New-Age images as well
dark and sinister rumors of curses and "black magick." It includes
knowledge about voodoo, mysticism, the Tarot and other related
"magick" popular among the Sleepers. The occult is highly signifi-
cant in its own right, for many among the un-Awakened have
strong beliefs in its

upposed powers.

. Student: You can manipulate a Ouija board.
o. College: You're familiar with the real intricacies of the
Tarot.

Masters: You might be a voodoo hougan or a
professional psychic.
Doctorate: You are a respected parapsychologist

Scholar: Well-blessed with occult knowledge, you could
have kept company with Gerald Gardner and Crowley.

Possessed by: New-Agers, Fortune Tellers, Psychics, Voudoun

Practitioners
Suggested Specialtie:
Magickal Devices

Supernatural Creatures, Predictions,

Science

This Knowledge deals with the application of scientific
theory and specific fields of scientific investigation. Scientific
principles can be used to make magick coincidental. This isa must
for all Technomancers.

. Student: You know the basics taught in high school
science classes.

© College: You understand all the major scientific theories
and applications.

eee Masters: You have proposed some notable theories of
your own.

eeee Doctorate: A prize-winning scientist, you have made a
significant contribution to your field.

eeeee Scholar: You are a scientific genius along the lines of

Einstein, Pasteur or da Vinci.

Possessed by: Engineers, Researchers, Inventors

Suggested Specialties: Scientific Theories, Specific Fields (Chem-
istry, Physics, Biology, etc.)

Backgrounds

KW) | saw patcems in the wind and in the sand

I saw the stars, I read the clouds, I understand
Then the madness overwhelmed me (I lost control)
It was cut out for each stain upon my soul

— Killing Joke, "Communion"

Backgrounds are special advantages that chart
your mage's influence in the world. These Traits
cover things a mage has acquired, rather than
those he learned or was born with.

When you choose your Backgrounds, consider how or where
your mage came across this advantage. How did he meet his
Mentor, and who is she to him? Who are his Allies, besides dots on
a sheet? Where did he get his Talisman, and dc

yet? Likewise, Storytellers should feel free to ma

she understand it
up things about
the Background that even the player doesn't know. Perhaps the
Library really belongs to another mystick, or the Node carries a
curse. And who really knows what his Destiny is, anyway?

Backgrounds may be rolled in conjunction with other Traits.
A good Manipulation + Mentor roll could buy you some respect
with other mages, while Perception + Influence could help you
find someone through a contacts network.

After creation, you cannot increase your Background ratings
with experience points. They can only be improved through
events in the story. Storytellers may give a dot or two in some new
Background in lieu of experience points if the character comes
into money, friends ot influence somehow.

Allies

In their travels, mages often encounter a variety of interest-
ing people (and other beings). While many are hostile, some
befriend and aid the mage. These Allies can be acolytes, influen-
tial Sleepers or even magickal beings.

Allies should be characters in their own right, not simple
cannon fodder. Though they may be loyal unto even death, such
friends will not throw their lives away for nothing, especially if the

130 Mage: The Ascension

mage does nothing to support that loyalty. Friendship is a two-way
street, and even Allies hav

their own agendas.

ch dot in this Background gives the mage one Ally or
increases the power of one thatalready exists; thus, five dots in the

Allies Background could indicate five Allies of moderate power or

one extremely powerful entity. Nearly anyone (or anything) can
be a mage's Ally, though it's safe to say that such an Allly will be
unusual in one way or another. Some mages even have

extradimensional creatures, spirit beings, vampires or magickal
animals as Allies.

. One Ally of moderate power

oo Two Alllies, or one more powerful Ally

eee Three Allies, or fewer Allies of correspondingly greater

eee — Four Allies, or fewer Allies of correspondingly greater
power

eee Five Allies, or fewer Allies of correspondingly greater
power

Arcane

Mages are inherently mysterious people, and few mortals
notice them for what they truly are. Because they bend reality
slightly simply by existing, some mysticks have the ability to avoid
detection. This power manifests itself differently from mage to
mage; some cloud minds like the Shadow, while others exist, like
the Purloined Letter, in plain, inobvious sight.

A mystick with a high Arcane may simply "slide away" from
view and memory or may appear too ordinary to notice. This
ability is not invisibility per se and does not conceal a sorcerer
during combat. If someone searches for the mage, however, they'll
find it a frustrating experience. Somehow, things just happen to

cover their quarry's tracks: cameras malfunction, sources disagree,
and clues the investigator just knew were in that file no longer
exist. Naturally, these effects have little to do with conscious
magick use; they just occur.


NA

Whatever form the Arcane power takes, it subtracts its dot
rating from any Perception or Investigation Dice Pool used to find
the mage. Italso adds its rating to the character's Stealth attempts.

Arcane may be consciously dampened by the mage if she wants,

allowing people to find her more easily.
. Easy to overlook

. Where did he go?

Very difficult to follow 7,

eee Aneedle ina haystack
aa
——

eeeee Which grain of sand?

Avatar

While Chapter Two deals with the mystick self in detail, this
Trait measures its relative power. The higher the rating, the more
ar will be. All True Magi have
Awakened Avatars; those with low Background ratings, however,

of a force in the mage's life the Ava

have less potent ones than some.

The dots in this Background also translate into the mystick's
base Quintessence pool, the amount of Primal energy she holds
within herself. Whenever a character's Quintessence rating dips
below herscore in this Trait, she automatically reabsorbs Quintes-
sence after successfully meditating (Perception + Meditation;

difficulty 7) ata Node for at least an hour. The number of successes

determines how much Quintessence she regains; the amount

cannot, however, exceed her Avatar rating. If she has an Avatar
of two, she cannot absorb more than two Quintessence at a time,
no matter how many successes she rolls. Likewise, she may only
spend two points of Quintessence per turn to lower her magick
rolls. (See "Quintessence.")

Quintessence that a mage gains from his Avatar may not be

stored or channeled to another mage. This innate energy may only
be used by its "owner." In essence, it's part of his Pattern and
therefore untouchable.

. May rebuild a pool of one Quintessence
eo May rebuild a pool of two Quintessence
eee May rebuild a pool of three Quintessence
. May rebuild a pool of four Quintessence

May rebuild a pool of five Quintessence

Destiny

Destiny is an ephemeral thing; each mage has his or her role
in destiny. This Trait, however, signifies a mystick who has — ot
is supposed to have —a very special part in future events. Chapter
Two discusses vision and the Path of destiny in more detail. In
game terms, this Background earns the mage the respect of her
peers and an extra Willpower boost when things get bad.

A character with a high Destiny rating isa chosen one; perhaps
a vision, prophecy or a simple "sense of greatness" follows her.
Mysticks who recognize such things will treat the mage with some
respect. Her actions, however, will often be watched and sometimes
criticized ifshe appears "unworthy" of whatever Fate hasplanned for
her. Several groups may even fight to share in whatever she has to
offer. The exact nature of the mage's Destiny is left up to the player
and Storyteller. Itshould, however, remain mysterious —an enigm
ratherthana testament, ic.,"You will overthrow the Technocracy."

Mages with Destiny rarely die ignominious deaths. They may
die young, but they perish with style and importance. This cer-
tainty can carry the mystick through hard times. Once per story
(not each game session), if something threatens her with a bad

Chapter Six: Character Creation 131

==

‘WOPSIM UOUIUIOD JO BS B ‘5191995 150] JO PILOY YW eeeee

"a10] [LUOU puk 3]N990 Jo UONNDa}Jo> aaissaidun UY ee we
"sapanosar

auepunw ase pur ‘syooq Jua!oUE pur ares jo |NjpueYY eee

"ynas yeroyzadns jo sio] puk sym a]qeiou way y oe

"sypequaded aBy-many Jo UO!29][09 Y .

"rayza8or Aeas staioereyp
ayp pue Mole sueaw ayp se Suo] os pajood aq ued ‘ANUEYD >¥I]
‘punosdypeg step ‘sy "Jeqeo ayp UF sIayZo ayp YIM Ajay} Wap
aueys pure Arerqy AnueYD ayp ae sawio s1oyp daay uayosaseyy

‘aouayiadxa aup spuads ays au Arana aouo yuo |]or
ued pue youeasas ul (J9BUC] U9YO) 492M UO asea] Iv puads asnuT
afew ayy "wuads aq skemye asm u10d auo aseay 3 YSNoyp ‘paaes
qujod auo se suNod ssazons ye "uads aay pynom AjjeuoU
ays siutod aouatiadxa anes ues ays ‘a19ydg 40 aSpajmouy mou
eBuruseay arya (2 Aanoyyip) Supper Aserqry sy Burjos Ag "swurod
aouatiadxa Surpuads uayan [nyasn ase sausesgy SHOU 241]

-{nydjay aaoad pynoo saysisur
say ySnoyy — yo1Sew aun y adapy pena, e year UUED 19yOUI
-puead asia e ‘Ajsnoragy "40j SuPyoo] st ays yA Puy puE ‘La
1 VONBULZOJUT aYp ss9ode ‘A[snoNUTIUOD ApNas UeD IAIEIVYD aU jt
sa1ieiqi] pazapisuos aq ued 240]{[0} Jo 10] & MOUY OY spuaTy U9Aa
pur saseqeaep ‘sjjor9g "syoog skemye 10U axe saounosas asoy |,

aq ues
saraydg ay puryag sajdioutd ayp ‘Apnas ajduns yBnoryp pauses] aq
loud xorTEYy ana_L YSnoyppYy "WueOdu arow U9Ad st YaAaMoy
‘940] 1990 [BAY ‘S9DINOSaI ISBA DALY NOA UdYyM Asea st SaBpa|MOUY

sau dn Buryoid Sysseasar auepunut 40} [nyasn aze sauwqry]
"pauayemy uaa ay az0jaq Wry 02 pasuojaq aaey Au

40 J01UAW §,a8eU & WOY SIyI3 U9Aq aAeY P|NOD SYooq Yang *a3pa

-|MOUY I]NDIO YAIM pay] s9w1OI Jo saLBIq!] 2Aey sadew WO

Aseaqry

+(smiou ayer

pue) uaist] ajdoad yjea nos uaya SJenuaNyUT Ape eeeee
‘saoud yoo1s

ioe [nos siUaWIOD maj v YaMOd JBUOSIAd pLoIg eee

-uorutdo nod yaas ajdoad faouanyut jo uoHIsog eee

Aes 01 sBuryp queuodwt aaey NOK !pai29UUOD-1]9,A\ ee
"pury anos aster

nod uaya UO payed shemye ‘penUaNyUT Ajarerapoyy °

"uoneindas jeuoneusaiut ue aavy Aeut
aBeur aya asvo Yorys Ut ‘Sip aay 10 no} st Sues aup ssayun aingjNs
umo saSeur oy) UTyaIM ATUO aANDayo AlferdUas st auaNyUT

‘a8eur aya MO]JO} 02 TueAL ASHf |]LM\ a]doag "suoHENaIS UTER99
ut ‘squanyuy + ewsueYD Sutyjor Aq ‘sardjoo" mau azmboe Nos sdyay
osje aouanyUy "suoN2@UUOD YShoutp Yoreas Jer0] e wUasazdas djay

ueo 21 ‘s]Jod feUayy YALA pourquiog "JuEIMeEIsa1 AIIOARY sty We aIqGuI
poo8 e asnf 10 winsoy Arerodusai e ‘s1oaey Jeroads 108 wut yonsKu
ay ‘saeLL [eII0g YIM UON.UUOD UI WEL] sty SuJor Ag
"saad sty jo sada aup ut Suipueas s,asew &
woy roeNap Ajjenade Aew adUANYUT ,,UOUTWIOD,, YoNg "(YA s19A09
Aunsaq]) sow s9y20 Suoure Surpueas 199Ya1 JOU sop punossypeg
SIU, "Syeads ay uoyas uaast] aydoad ‘sem zoyIg "yryyLEY axp Suowe
yoadsau 1ea18 pueusu0 40 pureg 404 & UT UOPad ‘qnj>1ystu e UMNO
‘samod jeontjod poy Au apy ‘sjauueyp Jo s9eIUOD YSnomp ATU
-nuutuod sadaayg ayp 2aye 01 Anyiqe s,a3eu e 19991 aDUANUT

gouon Ju]

uolsuadsy ay] ase

cel

-ajqissod are siysisur Suipunorsy
"passaaae aq ued aBpaymouy a]quyewoy

-aqqeprear st 210] apryny0 A,

"paureay aq ued suossay aqeisadsoy oo

"paueays aq ues uoHeUNOZUt Jo sug Azepy °

"wyeay Joyioue woy

aanaeaad v jo adensuv] aya pueasiapun 3 (ssnsinSury 10}) weIsg

+ aouasiTJaquy se Yons ‘nyasn aq pynom Aupqy J9yI0 OU A194
suonens uate Ajarajdwos ur Apuey ur atwos ew weaig

"vp tad pasn aq ueo Aaiqy auo

AJUG *2U08 st 31 ‘suayeme ay UaYyar ‘sdodjs axX9U JaIOBIeYD ay [UN

suse] 1yStsut yorIshur styL "UMO sty 10 Sue aIO[-WHeaup aya sasn

soypto oy — sey Apeagye ay Aapiqy Ue 40J Joog 291q Sty 01 ppe or

pasn aq 1ouued punossypeg sty] "2oueN sty Woy BurUINIaI Jaye

peaisut weaig] + aouast]1uy [Jo pjnom ay ‘a8pajmouy aeyp aaey

1,UpIp ang ‘Aes ‘puayy sty aes 02 aUTDIPayy papaau ay J] "30U 40

ANTIGy oy sey ay JoyI9Ym "ArI]IGY UasoYD oUO 40) SUIT UEAIG]
sty aangrasqns Aews JayeTEYD ayp ‘sase] a1O]-Wearp ay TYAN

-uvjd 01 Surprosoe >10m shape JOU saop PUL
‘gaaamoy ‘ua]ea AULYD v st WEDIG] "IYBNos y>nIshu ayp aU ay
dop afieur ayp shem ut sdeyad) jnyasn

0) parejas pur (39adxa 10u
aq [18s pinoys Apiqy sity "puy o2 paruem ay ueyp [PIs TAIaYIP
v asajlueUE pynoys Weasg YIM JoIDeIeYD v ‘9UITI Or OWA WOR
YAM INO saUIOD ay PUNY ay I0U SI SY9as YoFIshUI ay aBpaymouy,

ayy sauautos ‘AreIq!] v IOU St snoI9sUOSUN JesIAATUN ayL

aqdeyy "2YyBnos ay azo] aYA YIM saByowa ay (aw
aya 298u0] ays "yse1 ayp Japrey aya — uoNdo s,za}Ja14101g) UN
v sayy "10U S9op ay JI UEY sdISva st SID ‘AaITIqYy oy sey AEasye
dy J] "UreS 03 s1UeM ay UOREULIOFUT Jo WI} ay UO ayVIIUDDUOD pu
(101 © paou nod jt ‘sewB1ug 40 UoNeNpay + UoRdaoiag) aouRN
Jo WO} DWIOS OUT OF IsIy ASML a] "9ALY AIJEUOU I0U Soop ay
2 01 JAIDeIVYD B SMOT]E UHRAIG] ‘Avy auIES UT

uoneuuoyur

Ava pesoua' & ut [rydjay st at ang ‘si9ej prey ueY UORINIUT a10UL
s} a10]-weaup sty, jasn ued ay puny v ‘Ay|TYadoy — UONBUOJUT
Jo WLIO} awos PIM aouEN sty WO soBuoUI UOOS ay ‘asu> AU UT
"suorssaidutt snotssuoagns ysnoayp Surusea] jo sadoy ut aseqerep
ra]
ayp jo saqddus ay yonoa ews ueureys € pA soypoads
ayp {pury atuos Jo aoueN e siaqua aBeu ayp ‘sua. ALOIS UT

uuojaayy v ueds-qULads 1ystU aBeuT Joey v a]!YAK ‘swUTeIY WE;

9sino9 Jo ‘A

"auuia Jo spotiad 0 ys soy
uOHeUOFUT Jo WeanNs eIDUdB v ss9d9e pu MOUY 194 10U sdOp ay
sSuryp urea] Aew aSew ayp ‘uonerpaw pue snd0} YBnosy_], "snorgs
-uooun jesi9atun atp out dea ued Wer] sty YIM syorashyy

wesig

doIp aay [Jor fo8eu paraaar y
ad1p ano} |Jor faSew paroadsar y

ao1p damp [Jor ‘astwoad jo aBeyy

201p oan {Jo ‘9B ayqeapa19 y

arp auo ]Jor How jo ayy .

*-anp Aunsag ayp |]e9 pm 49] }a14401g ay ‘dep.

AUK ‘[1Aa Jo sa2z0} ay 01 WIM UAAA JO sppo SUIUN]aYRIAAO uIDe}

Apruerpea arp ‘aeaj 18a43 aus Yst{dw029" 02 paurasap st ae ay] —
yey asnf sueaus Sunes AuNsag ayp rtp "Ysnoyp Yaquaway

"yarey sour 19y

sunyjeas Aunasag ‘tpeap deayp e uaae 01 siurod asayp asn Avut ays

-qurod s9mod}]1 4) 1uads uo ureBa1 01 ay sMO]]E S91098 3Y

-g Aqnoyyip asurede Sune Aunsag Jay jjor Aeu ays ‘pua

| fH

ypeq

0A

LN

= Mentor

A figure of enormous influence in most mages' lives, a Mentor
may be an older mage, a spirit or some other Awakened figure who
takes the character under his wing and teaches her the ropes. This
Mentor may or may not have been the one who Awakened the
mystick in the first place. Whatever their early relationship may
have been, however, the Mentor now instructs his pupil in the
ways of magick, destiny and the pitfalls of the Acsension War.

The Background listing reflects how helpful the teacher is. A
dull or distant Mentor is better than none, but barely; the wiser,
more learned or more influential the Mentor, the higher his rating.

Mentors are important both for what they can teach and how
they can intercede in their pupils' lives. The stereotypical Mentor/
student relationship involves apprenticeship, with a younger
mystick learning from a master who demands tasks in return for
instruction. Such tutelage may last from weeks to years and could
range from affectionate to abusive. Whatever the relationship may
be, a Mentor will al
student's

and be held) accountable for his
actions. The pupil, likewise, benefits or loses status with
other mages on account of her Mentor's reputation. Either partner
could either help or harm the other during the course of a
chronicle.

Like Libraries, a Mentor can also aid a mage who wants to
¢ her skills or Spheres. By convincing her Mentor to teach
her what she wants to know, the willworker can roll her rating and
save experience (see "Library"). In some cases, the Mentor may
be necessary for learning the skill at all

ays feel

ie:

incre:

learning the principles
of the elements without instruction can take years or even de-
cades!

Like Allies, a Mentor should not be a collection of dots on a
sheet. Though he should not overshadow the player character, a
Mentor must bea potent and colorful person in his own right. Take
Merlin or Obi-Wan Kenobi as examples — their influence was
more important than their presence, and each had personality to
burn. This Background is not a free ride; Mentors, especially
powerful ones, should not give something for nothing. Mentors
have motivations like any other person, and will often demand
favors or services for their teachings. This could be as simple as

keeping his books in order or as dangerous as retrieving strange
artifacts froma Realm. In general, though, the mage receives much
more from her Mentor than he requires of the mage.

. Unimportant or distant Mentor.

oe Helpful but eccentric Mentor.

Good and notable Mentor.

Wise and respected Mentor.

Powerful or influential Mentor.

Node

This Background represents a place of power that the mystick
(or his cabal) has easy access to. Through it, the character can get
acertain amount of Quintessence, both to absorb (see "Avatar")
and to carry in the form of Tass. This is a great benefit; most
powerful or obvious Nodes have already been claimed. Nodes can
be located nearly anywhere — in church cellars, in the backs of
bookstores, or in graveyards.

The Node's rating determines how much Tass the place
produces, in addition to any "free" Quintessence the character
absorbs. The ratings can be added together if more than one
character has the Background, and the Tass can be "stockpiled,"

INV

though it loses its potency in about a month if it's not used. The
Node's "owners" usually have to refine the Tass from some mun-
dane form before using it. The form this Tass takes depends on the
Node itself. A grove may have magickal bark on the trees, which
can be brewed and distilled into Tass, a laboratory may siphon the
juice from living subjects, and a graveyard may leave residue in the
bones, which must be prepared before they can be used

Nodes are often attacked by Quintessence thieves. The
character himself may have taken the Node from some other party,
who may return to take it bac

. One Quintessence/week
. Two Quintessence/week

Three Quintessence/week
Four Quintessence/week
Five Quinte

nce/week

Talisman

A Talisman (or Device, to the Technocracy) is an object of
power, an item imbued with magick which the wielder
This Background allow:

an use.
a beginning character to start play with a
Talisman in her possession. It's a tricky Background, and Story-
tellers may limit it if they see fit.

Any item can be a Talisman if it's enchanted somehow;
stones, cybernetics, computers, bones, weapons, even works of art
may be used as magickal items. Note that mages do not take these
wondrous things for granted — there is so little real magick in the
world that Talismans are both rare and treasured.

These objects have built-in magickal Effects. In most cases,
only an Awakened person can use them, although there may be
exceptions if the Storyteller wants to make them. Some Talismans
have several small powers, while others hav

one big one. No
matter how many powers such an item possesses, it cannot have
more Effects than the dots in its rating. A level three Talisman,
then, could have three Effects, maximum. The Effect is also
limited to a Sphere level equal to the dots in the Talisman; the

same Talisman could not have an Effect beyond the third rank in
a Sphere (see Chapter Eight for the powers of the Spheres).
Conjunctional Effects are considered to take up one dot per
Sphere involved; the sample item could only have one power if
that Effect used three different Spheres.

Because of their power, Talismans are purck

ed differently
ad

than other Backgrounds. Each dot costs two Backgrounds inst
of one. A level five Talisman, then, would cost 10 points (s
listings below). Our third-level Talisman costs six points.

Every Talisman has an "Arete" of its own, allowing the mage
to roll one die per point of Arete. Most Talismans have one point
of Arete (i.e., one die) per level. An optional rule allows a mage
to buy an additional point of Arete for another Background point.
To buy the sample Talisman an Arete of five, the player must
spend eight Background points instead of six.

Each use of a Talisman's power expends one Quintessence
from an inner reserve. This Prime Force powers the Effects, and
when it's gone, the item is useless. Before this happens, the owner
may "refuel" it with a Prime 3 Effect. A similar spe
Talisman, taking one Quintessence point per succ
ficulty 10). These reserves usually equal the item's
sample Talisman, then, has 15 Quintessenc
Arete 5.


"JOU St ]]EM Je
YL saNIAq 10 1noj 02 Y9eq JaMOd}]! A\ Sty YBN ay JUN (sa1aydg
ano} ues sty 40) Op ase] IeEP Asn IOU P]Nod ay ‘4No} seA aIAIY
sit [YM Stop aa1yp or paddosp ‘souRIsUt 10} ‘SuTeT 19M0d]]1 A,
Sa1qoy J] "2ouapyuod sty sureBax ay [UN sjaaa] a1aydg saysTY
SOUL SI]

prisdur ayp ang ‘ozayp st Suypueassapun

ayp 01 ssaade paruap st ay pue paonpor st Joog a21q
po1oasox s1 4m0d] [AQ SY J!1UN aouaZayIp ay ash zouUKD ay ‘BIATy
sty Mojag sdosp Sunes amodyytA\ aUDULad s,98eUI ay JT &

"ay asn 01 Aaypiqe aya sxe] ING
od ][1as ays ‘aseo siyp Uy "(MOJaq Aas) s9M0d}]1/,\
Jo sso] YBnoyp pasomo] udaq sey JON] ayp ssayUN ‘Buned ay
Joy UeY? Jaysiy sBupeEZ aaydg aavy i0UUKD JaIDEIEYyD Y

‘o8paymouy s2

"op jeuortppe sad
sn90j 9uo apise 1as AU aYs ‘a19y WoL "suAeA] YoFIshU yp asaydg
Si AY YIM suIBaq UaYo sty|| "IOP 49d snd0j UO jo are ee spre
Yons paeosip ued ays ‘aaa Ul sass ays sly "AuessaoquUN ase 1905 194,
2eUp spuersiapun ays a1ow atp ‘suea] YorIsAU BLOW IY

"WApIM Ysnut op or ayqe aq 2,U0M NOS ‘yom A494 Aatpear
puistapun a,uop nod jf "2e9j JeyDIeUE e ULOPIAd O1 Jor UED ays DIP
joqunowe whuNxeW atp sarestpur Sunes aiazy seu HY] «

VOI 10 SOIT] QWIeD
auopuadsuen
pouarysty

ast
Suipuersiopuy)

areny
Suipueurwos
pauydiosiq

ad1A0N

pawuaye p oe

payooyssup) .
sado91g

uolsuassy ayy ase]

"a]ny siyp aroust Aew nod ‘syoTIshut
paouatiadxa jo ured & uns 01 saysta adnou ayp jy samo] Jo 9am Jo
rary Ue YIM UIBaq siaIdeIeYD MoU IeYA puauTUODaI AjSUONS aM
‘9Bua] [ey pue Yaaord noqe aureS v A}a3zE] st aBEYy asnesag
"quoye aouayieadxa ySnomp aiasy ures youURD JxDeIeYD
ano4 yey dUuNsse ‘MoU JO} nq ‘ssad0ad dYp s[HEIap aUIN JaIdeyD,
"Uy s,2uo Sutdpnas pur sduryaag ySnosyy Sutde[dajos saajoaur 3]
-"stutod aouatiadxo ueys az sarmnba1 aioos arary aya Burstey
sramod sty ‘91 Yat pur ‘sas rary sty ‘(auINy Jaxdeys
«itPMory [euosiag,, 99s) sossasoud aBew ap sy ‘sioayq [exo1seur
40} ]]02 0210p auO UNY saatd sey 9y op airy Ye "TYsIW yxDHskuL
pue Suipueasiopun sty sqvasS ayp Sues sty soysry ayy, "Aayyear
arejndiuew oy wry smojje araay szaidereYD ¥ ‘sua aWes Uy

"Joa1109 are ‘s1aYIO pu ‘sMarA asaya Jo |] ‘J]28 JUapuassuEN
ue

aya jo aouradasoe ue se a Mara IYSIW soreURLp SY
LV 242 IN AuOUEY se aiary aquosap sadeu atysexy "watds
pur putt "ysay aya uaamiaq puog k se 1! 99s sraxyeadsunwai] "saydt9
-ulid pue susaized o1uisoo jo Surpueysiapun s,au0 Jo aunseaw ay
lary Japisuos syejoyps SnaUUaP "ApUa.ayIp 11g apa] vA sMaTA
et yore pue "AjqueNb sso] yon ‘purasiapun 0} adasu09 Asva
ue 10U S12] "]]} yoRsAw saays yatar paxtuy UORNaUE YALA poxru
_duaMUaIYysi[Ud,, AJa19U IU st RAIY

ES

uorsuayaadwos st 3

peos snoHOge| k St YaAaMoy ‘1942 Woy SuIssaldo1g "BurudyeMy
Joy Buunp (siop aay 0 9UO) arazy Jo 10] B asINboe 02 Yorasd
40} Jensnun ou sa] "Supueasi9pun jo pooy uappns v out apojdxo
Avt 10 A[MOJs BWOD ABUL ssaUdILALE }EADSAW STY_L
"Ayyeag zay]e 02 SUDWA]a a4 Jo aBpa]Mouy sty $1994
1p afew oyp ‘]]1 pue oduapyuod ‘Surpueasiopun
jo uoHeUIqUIOD sIyp YBnosYy| "[]IM pauarysipua
aya — szamod syonskur ayp yo uoRepunoy ayp
si (Aea-1-Ypy poounouoid AjuowUIOD) aay
sppads 114 PPE ALA PPA —
180] 128 usw wy saka aiays fo ssawyavp aya ut st puv
Squads ayp fo a4v sSunyp yons sof 206 Kaysiu pun ana
stat ‘mowy | sv ‘aysiu pup ana spa uorsta arp fing

IOV

aUIng) ‘¢
Aap [exo1Seu |amod y

(67 aus ary ‘siutod oy

ao

07 aouassaiuing ‘p ary ‘siuiod g
uewsije | 110d pue snowe; y
G] aouassaiuind ‘¢ aiay ‘stutod g

won quesyusis ye

O] aouassaauingy ‘7 aiazy ‘suid $
ueusstpe y pryesn y ee

G vouassaquingy ‘| airy ‘siutod 7
won yom y .

"suiont aJdures autos s1ayo xipuaddy ayy ‘uon
-onnsuoo yshay pue UeUst]e | 10) san sey aUIN sardeyD "afew

ed IV "zenuasu0s
ypniskus ayp djay Aewr ang "(2,ust Ajjensn 31) JerUaprouros yoru
nayp ayeu 10U eu sIYZ "190} se pas

ay 01 $908 soanpord sayy soa Ue xopE

ag ueo suewste |

-pajanyas aq aouues
saystiag "suedap aids ayp ‘dn pasn st aouassaauing) aya Uayas IeEp
auinssy "wids at sivan aSew aya aoy uo Surpuadap ‘os Surop
uayar Aan syytp awos
e uuopiad 02 wait ayp pararua ‘ssaur|puaty 40 9210} Aq ‘aavy OY
squids urequoo swat asay,f "Aen aures up paseypund aze ang ‘suu91

a8ew aya asnes ou Av to Aus Katy]. "9119s

Aris ul Apuasayip oar ‘saysuaf payjes ‘suewsyey widg

WZ

LN


Willpower

‘Do as thou wilt' shall be the whole of the law
— Aleister Crowley

Mages must be masters of self-control. Will-
power doesnot measure mystick command, though
the twoare related. Itrepresents a character's drive
and emotional stability. A person whose Will-

power Pool is high has confidence to burn, while
one with a low rating has very little motiva

control.

Unlike other Traits, Willpower is not usually
rolled — itis spent. When a character has to push beyond his usual
boundaries, resist temptation or force things not to happen, he
expends his Willpower points until either he triumphs or collapses

in exhaustion.

Most of the time, the Trait's permanent rating — the squares

on the character sheet — stays consistent; this represents the

character's overall confidence. The temporary Willpower Pool —
the circles— go up and down. When you spenda Willpower point,
you remove it from the Pool. Some extraordinary circumstances
burn permanent Willpower. This can cause long-term problems
for the mage,

is she must rebuild her confidence from the ground
up (creating many story possibilities).

Willpower is used
Sleepers use their Pool as the difficulty, but mages use their
permanent rating instead,

s the difficulty of many kinds of rolls.

. Weak

oe Timid
Unassertive
Diffident
Certain

Confident
Strong

Controlled
Iron-willed

Unshakable
Osing Willpower

© By spending a Willpower point, a mage can get one
automatic success in an action. Only one point per turn can be

used this way, but it grants a single guaranteed success. During
extended actions, this can make a lot of difference. Only Awak-
ened beings can use their Willpower this way; Sleepers cannot.

© By rolling her Willpower, a person may resist the
effects of Mind magick. The difficulty for such rolls is usually 6
(See "Dodging and Resistance," Chapter Eight.) Botching such
a roll might cost a temporary Willpower point, depending on the
Effect she was trying to resist.

© When a mystick rolls a botch during a magick casting,
can avert the worst effects of a Paradox backlash. This is not a
cheap dodge — the feat costs Willpower point and a previously

he

rolled suce:

s, and still results in failure — but by willing the worst
not to happen, the mage may escape disaster. This only works once
per casting; an Effect that is botched twice automatically causes a
backlash.

* A point of Willpower can also dispel a delusion
brought on by Quiet (see "Paradox," Chapter Eight). This
requires a roll as well, but neutralizes one point of Paradox in the
process. Only one point per game session (or per day, if you prefer)
can be

pent this way.

© Some urges are too strong to ignore. When a mystick
is faced with an uncontrollable reaction ("The thing's so hideous
you feel compelled to run away..."), he may spend a Willpower
point to avoid following the urge. If the situation continues,
however, he may be forced to spend more Willpower in order to
keep his self-control. This can get nasty if the problem lasts longer
than the character's Willpower Pool.

.osing Willpower

Everybody's got a breaking point. Prolonged shocks may
weaken a mage's resolves until her self-confidence is damaged.
This should not be done lightly, as it represents real damage, not
mere setbacks, and the mage will need time to heal. When this
happens, her permanent rating (the squares) is reduced until she
can buy it back up with experience and roleplay through the
psychological scars

This optional rule is left to the Storyteller's discretion, but
should not be abused. We recommend ¢

at no trauma reduce
mage's Willpower rating by more than two points, total. Mages are
not sissies.

* A mage who receives a strong shock — a severe Mind
attack, an emotional kick, a personal disaster or a Paradox back-
lash — when his Willpower Pool sits at one or below loses one

permanent point from his rating.
© Prolonged emotional trauma — brainwashing, tor-
ture, an especially disastrous Seeking, severe personal tragedy, etc.
may cause the character to lose a permanent Willpower point.

ly bad incidents.

This should only happen during espec

Regaining Willpower

Whenever a character gets a chance to rest and regain her
self-confidence, she can replenish her Willpower Pool. Although
the Storyteller will have the final decision about it, the methods
below offer some common ways to restore lost Willpower. They
only count towards rebuilding the mystick's spent stock, not her
rating, although they may be used as guidelines for raising the

rating through experience.

ession), the charac-
ters regain all the Willpower they spent during the tale. If the story
ended on an uncertain note, the Storyteller may limit this amount
until some way of restoring their faith has been found.

* At the end of a story (not a game

© Ifa mage achieves some kind of special success, like
rescuing her mentor, helpinga homeless person re-enter society or
uncovering a lost tome, she may get a point or more back from the
rush of victory.

* When she fulfills some criterion of her chosen Nature
(see "Archetypes"), she may regain one or two Willpower. This
must be accomplished through roleplaying, not simply by stating,
"('ma Judge, so I'll arbitrate disputes around the Chantry until my
Willpower is back to normal."

Chapter Six: Character Creation 135

ON A

ILS ZZ


* Ifthe mage has the Destiny Background, he may renew
his confidence through his higher purpose. If Father Shelley, who
has a Destiny of three, were cornered by a couple of thugs, he could
regain some spent Willpower by rolling his Destiny dice against
difficulty 8 —he can't die this way! He's got a destiny to fulfill! He
rolls, gets two successes and regains two points of Willpower

* For simplicity's sake, each character can just recover
one Willpower every morning when they wake up — a new day
gives one renewed purpose. This only works once per day.

Quintessence
and Paradox

We scaled the face of reason

To find at least one sign

That would reveal the true dimensions
Of life lest we forget
—Dead Can Dance,

‘Anywhere Outof the World"

These Traits are a study in contrasts. Quintes

sence represents the Primal Force a mage contains,

" reality, while F

his affinity with "real Jox repre-

sents how much of an aberration to reality the
mystick has become. The elements, while not quite
opposites, contradict each other. The rules for each are below
Both Traits are measured on a wheel of 20 spaces; Quintes-
sence pointsare filled in from the left-hand marker goingclockwise,
while Paradox is marked by the spaces going counterclockwise from
the same point. If the two ratings overlap, Quintessence loses.
Paradox points (also referred to as the "Paradox Pool" in
Chapter Eight) always eliminate Quintessence points if the two
. If, for e:

meet somewhere on the whe
Quintessenc
dox, the last two Paradox points take the first two Quintessence

ample, a mage with 14
and five Paradox gained thre

more points of Para-

points' place. The opposite does not occur; if a mage with 12

Paradox and six Quintessence absorbs three more Quintessence,

only two of those new points go on the wheel. The other is lost.
Because these ratings may overlap on the track, we recom-

mend that you fill each type of rating with a different mark, i.e.,

Quintessence with checks and Paradox with "x's."

Quintessence

A mage gains Prime Force through his Avatar Background
or by absorbing it from some Talisman, Node or Tass through Prime
magicks. The Avatar rating represents the maximum amount of
Quintessence he can soak up per turn through any means.

© Quintessence can be spent to reduce the difficulty of a
magick roll (see Chapter Eight). For each point spent this way,
the mystick lowers his difficulty by -1, to a maximum of -3

© Channeling this energy from a Node requires Prime 1;
getting it from Tass demands Prime 3. A Master of this for

an
draw Quintessence from anywhere with a vulgar Prime 5 Effect
Each success equals a point of Quintessence absorbed. Though
often invisible, this magick causes lights to flicker, rooms to chill
or people to weaken suddenly

136 Mage: The Ascension

ee


LEL

woneard Jajsereyg :xig raadeyo)

Jeay Aaya saye uaaa ‘purw ur sainfur s,aseu sty daay pjnoys
sakejd ayp ‘sjoog a21g_ wo 1oENgNs 10U padu sty ayy A\ "UreMLAL
Aew ewnen s9y20 10 uted ‘payeay st aeuep ayp st udsg

-sonpeuad Jor yorHeur ayer ay saop Moj9q

Jo parentsedesuy 02 S908 ay uaya AJUG "stomod sty Uodn FJe9 |]!98
ues adeu pajddig y "sip o1 uondaoxa ayp are s]jor a1ary

‘Burypou op ueo ay ‘Joog 221¢] s,uosiod
aya spaeoxa Ayeuad ays JT ‘YOIpuoD sty asiom ay2 ‘suTeasns
afeure Aanfur a10w ay, "s]oog 991Cq s1y Woy BuIdvaIqns Aq UOsIad
aeyp sazypeuad aso] BuO Yova ‘aso] 02 sfaAa7] IBID
Ayjenuassa aavy sirsereyp Aupyeapy "adeurep oy
1aYJa4 01 S|] MPH s9wAQNs Jakepd sry ‘eur
v saanfuy Buryrawos JoAdUIY A "WELL yaTeaH] Oya
Ja}e SUOIN|PUOD J9Y}I0 uk ssaUy}>IS ‘spUNo A,

(uaz, anideyy ,‘Aanfuy,, osye 99g)
{SoUJBUg Jo JoxDaAIA\,, ‘saIqny youl oy, —
sauiBua fo sayx904m vw,

Japyos DU, pun uPLUpUDS D WL]

popuaasap 12U ay2 sv isnf sso490 uPaqD IMD |

YHe OH

uolsojdxa xopeaeg se[noeaads & UI INO O8 Jo peU AeA.
08 zayate deur ay ‘(A]ax]]UN) apIoUr Noy 97 o1 dn ay oyRU OY,
pinoyg "zeadde [ptm ep 40 aINV) "Ysepjoeq oUIOs ‘4Axe] 10 19U00g
‘JAI 01 sey BuTYRoWOs ‘dn pais srulod Qy UEY? a10W sey >y
jp sooejd uappry 10) Aarunye sadeur surefdxa yorya ‘aes aeymouios
urewial ued yorIshtu e ‘Moy BULA] Ag "OWN Iet SuLNp Xopereg
940 OU suka aBeUL ay paptAoad yo paa|q 01 AB19UA ay Joy AULOd

tad y9om ours auo sayea at ‘xopereg Q] UeYA ssa] sey ae 9p JT
"ano suaaa Aeuoue axp se apey sUtod Xoperg OWN U9AIS &

dn smouos Aqjear o8eu e UdYyA

Jood siya |Jox s19]]92A101g "Jog 921] Yse}49eq & UL aIp aUO saUIOD9q

‘paumnout asnf sey ay siutod Aue Yat pautquios ‘Jaayai aya UO IUIOd
ypeg ‘Jog Xopeieg sty dn soyeu Sune xopereg saseut y «

-‘aysiq sardeyD ur punoj aq ued o18eur pur xopereg J0y s9pn4

11Py ayy, Yysu oyp oreasd oyp "yo1Sew ayp auIaNXxa a1OW ay ‘sy
aayp ash Aaya aun Aiaad xopereg Jo Ysu4 yp UNI SyOLISKYY &

xopeled

(aysig saideyo ,‘suonemunog,,
fpreu-nue st uondooxa uy) sespna sCpmyp aie suonea
saytuet aay ‘sUOIso]dxa 40 spooy ‘suoqqts IYsLUg se ada eIIOW
ay Aq uaas aq Ayfenioe ued ‘sBuIJaUUYD JUD[OIA A]TeAL JO ‘IOI
Jo squtod gy Surajoaur ‘syrys a8rey Ajjeay wana v UT sauIOd aay
ueyp 1001 BuLAjoauT ssouequnasip 9q 01 ,s1UNOUTE BAe], J9pIsuOc)

aa

"psu Arypeas Jo D1aqej aup astaa sy Yons ‘eruaploutod Jaa are
punoze asuassaruind) jo uno a31e] TUNYs yoy SYTHE «
(quapiour aya uo Surpuadap ‘oy pue
g waaaiag UNA pfnom [Jo4 ayp 40 AajNoYyIp aur) ssouarEALYy ssassod
OYA sBuraq Aq pastias aq Ue> 11 YaAaMoy ,{UOROU! UL, Uy,'
‘yew auitig tprm uaas aq AyUO ueD aduassalUINg ued asout
ay 20 ang ‘equi BY? UT Pamata aya 4 YSIS Mo]s Aut saoanos
Buong -a[q!stAut st ao104 aug ‘sadueISUINDND SOW 19pUA) &


ter Creation Process

yt
Essence, Nature: and Demeanor

{ and personal history

Charac
© Step One: Character Concer!
Choose Concept, Tradition,
Decide style of magick, belie!

© Step Two: Select Attributes
Prioritize the three categories:
Choose Physical oe ae

J] ial Traits: Charisma, :
ee ah Traits: Perception, Intelligence,

ibutes
act At earner Talents, Skills, Knowledges
eee Talents, Skills, Knowledges (13/915)
No Attribute higher than 3 at this stage ees
¢ Step Four: Select ‘Advantages (see Options,

Choose Backgrounds (2)

Choose Spheres (5, plus a free one
« Step Five: Finishing Touches
Record Arete (1), Willpower (5)

"Freebie Points" (15)

Physical, Social, Mental (7/53)
h, Stamina, Dexterity

Manipulation, Appearance
Wits

based on Tradition)

Spend

Concepts

* Artist: dancer, singer,

actor, wri
f > Wri
Debutante: thrill. &.

seeker, Connoisseur, ‘heiress

mentalise, nature-boy,
# cop, Social worker :

Vat cml recluse, scay
* Outsider: half-caste,
: Philogeptised dreame
: naa farmer Punk, criminal, hippie,
erent: clergyman, teacher, f

* Scholar: Professor, the ;
* Warrior: vigilante, sol

scientist
missionary, doctor
red survivor

* Hermit:

visionary, shaman
dispossessed, fer

; gamer
T, Pontificator, student

hacker
: disciple, truth-seeker
‘orist, knowledge-seeker

diet) gang member, protector

Spheres

Chapter Eight)
(See also ae
of the downward spiral.
jhe natural elements from

© Correspondence?
« Entropy: Mastery

Forces: Command over 4 eon
¢ Life: This Sphere grants insight it
of non-livins

© Matter: A grasp

Mind: A backstage pass t0
Prime: Command ov'
© Spirit: Insight into the
e: Time is not nec

© Tim

Essences

© Dynamic: Driven to eternal change, they flit from one task to another.

g physical struct
the workings of the mind.
er Quintessence, U
¢ spirit world
essarily linear.

The Traditions

© Akashic Brotherhood: Mysticks based in the East, the Broth-
erhood searches for perfection through discipline and harmony.

Sphere: Mind
* Celestial Chorus: These mages pursue unification of the world
with the One from which all things came.

Sphere: Prime
© Cult of Ecstasy: Shattering the barriers of time, society and
endurance is this Tradition's way to enlightenment.

Sphere: Time
© Dreamspeakers: Speakers-with-spirits, these primal shamans
strive to break down the barriers between flesh and spirit,
bringing them together as one.

Sphere: Spirit
 Euthanatos: Wrongly perceived as death-cultists, this Tradi-
tion pursues rebirth. By separating the chaff from the wheat, such
reincarnationists seek a new and better world.

Sphere: Entropy y
* Order of Hermes: Classical masters of education and disci-
pline, Hermetic magi crave Aseension through perfection of
their Art. a

Sphere: Forces @
* Sons of Ether: Though often
aries guide their Grand Sei
code of honor. j
Sphere: Matter"

ismissed.as mad, these vision-
nal theories and a

sticks, these mages find perfection
Art links the cycles of the world with

- rebel Adepts carve a
the soul. Packed with

rry less baggage

ny,

anding of space and relationships.

fire to radiation.
nto the makeup of living things:

‘ures — and how they might be changed.

he comerstone of the universe.

and its many aspects and inhabitants. ‘i
This Sphere allows a mage to sidestep Its low.

© Pattern: The opposite; these architects try to build something lasting from chaos.
© Primordial: Old souls, these Avatars draw their Essence from the beginning — and end — of the universe.
© Questing: Eternal Galahads who strive for balance and purpose. They often hold the middle road between the pull of the others.

ature & De
meanor) Experience Points

we lasting accompli
iplishments.
st be the first to do anything. sear
important ‘a enjoy. Ae oad sc
ee iy, lew Sphere 3
a = suffering. tae
er a isis current rati
ca nt rating
ee : ae to help you — really! ea cae ao a A
r. Point out how. ae es
: — : nt rating x 2
Gin hal You we the world for wha ic is: sags ered Sey pees
5 er g :
bility requires order. Bring it about. od ro = :
cause is everything to you. ma re
others see the joke in everything. or
n ae justice for all. 4
have never fit in and never will ioe
a ; reebi i
Hetbe wonh have worth dying for. aed Points
Nothing oe oppression, wherever it may breed | : At i
; ay stops you; it slows you down, maybe, but ‘ ih o \
Hi ie old ways are best. , but you always survive. ; 2 es 1
truth is your ere
jidden greatest quest and your greatest gift. | hades
| 4 per dot ‘
LU per dor
17 per dot

}
1 point per four dots

jon penalties:
ered.

Health Levels"
Effect:

Level: Dice Pool:
Character is 01
is only mildly

nly bruised and has no act
hurt; movement isn't hind

Bruised:
Hurt: al Character
Injured: -l Minor injuries; little hindrance to movement.
Wounded a Character cannot run, but can still walk.
Mauled: 2 ‘Character is badly injured and can only hobble about.
Crippled: 5 Character is severely injured and can only crawl.
Incapacitated: Character is completely incapable of movement:
js very close to death. If he loses one more Health Level, he dies-

An Incapacitated mage

B

‘ as ounds

S ie ‘Our companions,
+A mystick ability

re ALreposil

. ‘Positor :
Mentor: Your tuto ry of magickal knowl,

* and guardian in ae and helpful lor.
A i re.

irces: Your Quintessence eae &

* Tali you yperty. i
alisman: Some magi have set for eae

agickal item you have i i your place of pow
in your possess er.

ion.


Chapter Seven:

orytelling

The seat of the soul is

where the inner and outer worlds meet. The outer world is what

you get in scholarship. The inner world is your reaction to it, and it's where these two come
together that we have the mythos. The outer world changes with historical time, but the inner

world is the world of anthropos

itis the one true constant to the human race

you always

have the sense of recognizing something. What you're recognizing is your own inward life, and

at the same time, the inflection through history

the problem of making the inner world meet

the outer world of today is, of course, the function of the artist

Joseph Campbell, Transformation of Myth Through Time

The sex was beyond belief; Clarissa wondered
why she'd never bothered to do the wild thing with
@ someone who could join with her mind as well as her
body before. She and Rick cuddled in his hot tub
perfectly content, breathing in the fumes of the potent
sandalwood incense

"Mmmm, but that was lovely," she whispered in
his ear. "I love seeing things from different perspec-

tives, y'know, but nothing's ever quite taken my

breath like feeling your thoughts, drinking in your senses lke that."
"I've never known anybody quite like you either," her lover
replied, rolling large pearls soaked in scented oil over her back and arms
"You know," he said, "I thought maybe you could stay here awhile. My
master has taken quite a fancy to you."
"I..." Thinking of Rick's master, the dark man who'd spoken to
her in silky tones with undisguised lust in his eyes, Clarissa shuddered

You could be so useful to him," said Rick, dribbling water down
her back. "Not tomention getting to see meall the time." His eyes lacked
with hers in a passionate gaze. "My master's very generous to those who
work with him. You've been to his Realm. Have you ever seen anything
like it before?" Clarissa shook her head. "I know things aren't easy for
you back home, Clarissa. You're running yourself crazy trying to do so
many things at once. Here, you could study and learn as much as you
wanted, all the time. I really wish you'd consider it." The mage laid his
dark head against her heart, listening, waiting

Clarissa swallowed hard. Rick and his master offered everything
she'd ever wanted. She got so tired of never having the time to seek her
own Path, trying to balance her Chantry duties with her life as a
confidante and sympathetic ear to all the hip and trendy hangers-on at
the club. It would be easier, just like Rick said, if

Then she thought of the evil she'd seen in Rick's master, swimming
below the surface. She thought of the thom in his great tangle of mazes
ina Realm where the sun never shown. Though it stung her heart with
regret, she eased away from Rick and left behind the tainted power he
sought to share with her

Chapter Seven: Storytelling 141

Se


-premas anos st sstyq aeyp ‘A10Is poo v ayeai9 01 adnon
ano4 (pM azeIOgeI JO pu "UNy SuLAvy are sroyoEIeYD aup Ie ains
aye 0 oqUIdUIAI NOA J] ,:[B94,, SoWOI9g AsOIS aU SE ApIse 39s st
auie8 oyp jo wstuEYyoau axp pue ‘|[NIs spuLas aw] "sJUaWOU asaup
Jo} dal] staT]axkioag "1 OIUE UNEP st aUOAI9A9 IY SuryJaduro>
os sauiooag 11 uaya A1oIs BUT SJUSWOU are axBY] "AB1OUD EU
Jo asnesag 1o119q s} UoIssas ay pue ‘HseEsNYAUe autOrIaq SIDA]
DY ‘SuONNDvaL Jap [994 Aa]]aUA0Ig ayp ‘urs v Aq pareandes
auv a[doad jo |[ny woos w UayM ‘SuIpreaar ang ‘yZNor sa]

"a,usaop 2eya pue A10rs
& UL SOM JeYA Jo asuas v puL AyseduID Jo aauHap w souINbas sty L
uonestAoudwi stweudp pue UoHezTURBIO s11eIs Uaaatag 2>UE]Eq
ayp sdaay pur Avs siatejd soy rym Yo shed s9]Jx4401g yas
V ‘Apjainun sawozag ures ayp uayas Burzt[eas pur out0s9A0 as
sajpereyp ayp sajeasqo dh Sunias uaaaiag aouEpeq es,994 | "paa1
-avys s} uoIsny]! aya ‘AaenIque Ajayajduroo surdas Aros J] "eUNeIp
ou s,a19y2 ‘A1o1s 4NOA Ur IDIYUOD JO JaHUEP OU s,a1ay Jf "TUEA
Aaya Joaayeya sx94vjd 9413 p]noys nod aeyp Wea a,USoOp Sty |

"yp nod ‘AyyeaMeNY "apLYAYLIOM yWaUNsDAUt
Hoy aye 01 NOA Ur asna Jo daaBap e and aaey sidvjd snoK
pvaisul arp v UO INO BUIO8 10 Yooq v Burpeas aq pjnoo nos jo Aue
tuoypoioa aured nod udm LOYa pue aUN Jo TUALHISAAUT UE SayEUE
nod Jo yaeg "ssad0rd aaneasd aya jo ued osye a4 4oyp rwUp 19840}
J9A9U ANg ‘918919 09 WOPaayy Jo 10] B NOK aAr3 [ILM St9dE| ay],

"ways yan Arors ay adeys nox
‘oer pu 9A18 Jo ssaooad & ySnoy J "s1oreI0qeIJO9 Anos a4,4y —
gouarpne sno4 3,uaze adnon anod ur sradejd ayy {>18eN AfeWN|N
VS] {2dUa]OIA pue UONDE YIN paj]y a! sp ;2UeWIO AaOIs aD S|
vat] O1 STURA aYs A1Ors Jo ada WY Joy sand Jo 198 e NOK MAIS SEY
‘garoeeyp & Surustsap Aq uaderd yoeg "Aatanse aanseiout ue st
Suy]fordsors fauope ysea styp OUT BUIOs OU 94,NOA ‘AJVUNOJ

odnowp YL

Asois ano4 sa] "pom
anoA sa] ‘puryag aso at aavay pure JURA NOs IeYA aye J ‘ap>TUOIYD
AnoA Jo asinos aya WeYD UDY? UD NO ‘paau nod yA pasedard
94,NOA 99K "Alors ay YBNI? Nos apm o2 sajn4 jo yromaureay
& pur ‘BuMas anog oUF areaFaqUT 01 punossyseq areI0qeja Ue
‘srajoereyp BuNeaID 10} SaUTfapINs Jo as & s,9194] | "1aYI0O1 ArOIs
wand 01 w1Saq 01 paou nok stUaMUAJa ay NOS saat YOO SIL

sae papay-|[ny o1ur sidaou09
anof wing ues nos Jo Io] axp ‘dnosd jrydjay v pue aonoesd apy e
(pYAN ‘BuyyJorAs0rs araesoqeyfo> jo uny ay Jo ued s,aeya.ang— pasa
-plsuoo J9AaU NOA sisiNy pue SUOHELIEA YIN dn auto sdempe [IEA
siadejd — pauueyd a4,nod dem ays 03 seme 3,uom sBury J "pareas>
3A,NOK pHOM ayp OU! sHoxsEILYD stayp opin uayp ‘stadeyd sNoA 02
Avs 0121 1ueA\ nod IeYM UE OB Or A10IS IEE TUEM NOs aay Jo Kap!
Snore yarn A108 anod Jo 1aadey> yova urdag "auo ULLOdWH sea]
ay sueatu ow Aq ang ‘uoHeapisuos ase] at st sjasit A1ors ay |,

"Bump ap s,A1ors ayy "apse warp sias 10 warp sayyduns ays ‘ea
Jay Ut 398 son ayp J] "Azors ayp OUT sUOTIEJAAaL ISK ITIL saAvam
pue s]jou arp pur sioquinu mes atp stosduaqut say] axA4org ay J "Wes
ayp Jo siuaAa ayy Surguosep 07 apins e se aadas sans ‘sorueysauE
pue tpeur ayy puosag "4101s anoA :oureS anos jo ued wueuodun
WSOUE 92 _UO sN90j 01 NOK MOTTE PInoys sa[MU asay_ "dn nos y>eq
(01 sajnu jo 9s & aavy or sdjay at ‘Aayfeas Surs9y]e 10 aan e Surqunp> st
sojereyp v saypay,\ "uaddey Aoyp se squaaa yaudsaut Nos djay or
so] Jo 29 v aAKY [],NOK ‘parea1d a4,Nos sBuIMIes ay a1oydxa s1919e
-aeyp aup sy "sajna atp aaudiaaut o1 st Aaypiqisuodsax ax9u oy |

‘a1ay2 Woy O8 pue "nod ax1dsur o pio year ay asn ang
‘sannypiqissod jo 4aauea apim atp jo asnesaq 1siy 1 SuNUNEp 11g &_aq

uorsuaasy oy],

ue awed sejnotued sty J "pom umo ano on sjayyered
Sunias e dojaaap 02 utBaq 02 Ava asatsea ay -9s1941f
© Ul sSumias jo aBuer ajqissod ayp ‘aBepy s} sip 2
-JPaap aa,dayp ainajno ayy uaaa pur ‘ur aay] Kau
yea Aaup siaaas ayp saquosap 29] ]a1A10g ay J "Ut 9|
asayp Sumas ayp soutos axaQy "Ise9 BuNUOdMns ap 4
s} sa]]ausorg ays pure sreas oy are srodejd ayp jt se sat ‘suITY
Jo ASoyeue ayp 02 x9eq SuIOH -s9qUNODUA sIMIOEILYD ayp BUOAUE JO
9]04 9yp INO IDe 01 SI 49] a14402g aU Jo AryfIqisuodsax IsIY OY L

"sea oUTUT OU st pjIOm
ap Suruury Goadxa pjnom auo sy ‘asja SuryaAsaaa 10) ayqisuods
-a1 St Aa]JaUdiorg ay] "JardeILYD a[Suts v Budopaaap uo sasnd0y
aodefd yey :qof preauopysiens syed e savy siodeyd ay

"soiseq ayp YIM UIsaq S29] ‘parenuTUN ayp Oy,
S87] BunjooT] ay ySnoay.) "(YEU 02) aI; y —

4/1824 Y2 JD 2q |],] pun ‘uays ‘way
Ssuaanb pun sBury 24,am puaraud $397],

Jo]J9JK1O]S OY L.

"apjjauduoig ayp aue nog "ureades oyp pur uewsu]>Yy
ayp ‘owSiaeu ayp a4,noX ‘adnon anos pue nod o7 dn st Atom
wtp Suuojdxg ‘peaye souoruar aya jo dew v soyprys sadeyp
SIY "sours dojaaap 01 asn ued ami aimMonns B aaey o1 sdjay It

fo auo aq nok "Tay

‘g10ja19y] | "seap! pur sBurzas ‘sauoyp Jo asuedxa peosg e sey ‘sawed
Surdejdojor Auew ayy ‘owes sty J "s|peptd pue sanazta uasayuT UMO SIT
sey adeyy 1eyp Surdes Aq uiBaq pynoys am ‘axojaq saum ssojUN0D 1
aUOp 4,NOA J] ISI IV aBULAS ap] B W9as IYBIUL IT ‘a0J9q sty OUOP
J9A9U 9A,NOA J] ‘saLUOIS Buy|Ja2 Jo Ue aya anoge st aaadeyp sty],

"uv jo 10m v st Alors pjor-]]am v ang ‘SUNS e asnf st aus y
210 SUN LAWOS aq ospe UED 1 ‘UTES v BurALpdasn{aanod YBnoyppy
aonpordar Ayjny 4949 UeD wWesSord UOIsIAa]91 10 a1AoW OU IY
Aauunof v uo siakejd Jo adnon anos pea] {],n04 ‘vzzid Jo saays May v
sdeqzod pur spuany v9je‘901p maj Yat yy "SUOTT] TU Jo.IaZpng e uodN
quapuadap aq Nos |]1M JOU ‘sUON]!U Jo aouaIPNe UE or UUOJIAd 01
Su108 10U 94,N0 J "9p1] 01 A101$ UMO NOK BuLUg |]}A\ NOS Jo Yea Yoog
siyp ut aotape atp pur s1akejd yo dnoas v jo aoueasisse ay Yt A\

"saajastuiayp 40} 11 Losar pue aq O11 IUEM Adtp IeYM 02 1 JO]IE.
poaoaut [dood ay J "29uatadxe [euosiad e sat :yaBuans BuIpi1940
ue sey Surfprdiors ang ‘sassoueam pue syaBuans UMO sit sey,
JUDWUTELIAIUD Ye "UOISIAI|A1 JO SoTAOU se pILA sv asnf wNIpaU
& ‘sauois Suy]JA1 10} wNIpPaU satpouR are soured SUYJaA101g

asayp Ajpeutsizo 2,usea IY? 2 OU! SuTypUWHOs pead o1 st 10} adoy ued
dav ISaq OY] "UDA 24,94 IeYM ayer PUL I} peas JO} YorwA a4 ‘A10Is
Up s[J22 as]a auOaMIOg "aUHEs ayp St a]Nsa1 pua ay ‘sorWOD Jo suRABoId
uorstaajar ‘shejd 40 syoog YA "IY? a¥!] ase sazoys Jo 10]

"11 ov} Bureaus aya and sey,
auOaUOS INg "WIT aya BUPp}] 40} suOseaI UALO sty 40 YOO] WED 9H] "I
IMOge sey INg "IwaYp Byp UT IIs 02 sTUEA\ ay aI04a Jo UsOSdod
sty Uo sauINg avy [],24 JaYaYM asooys ueD aouaIpne oy Ut
uosiad y ‘aouaniads Jaamoy SEqawsp Biq auo sey
SA1Aow Jo WNIpaw ay J, "2y!] aa\ Surypatos puy o1 Surdoy yrrem
2q\ "Surypautos Jaq sn saxyew Jey BUAds v JO AJUAP! ULD aM WOYM
yim sarsereyp e sat aqdeyy "11 ut dn aysnes 198 02 uoseal v puy
2a Uy] poos A]jead e 11 J] "A1OAs vB SUTT]A1 Jo Ava vst AAO

a aassed vs:

‘ann APOeXd 2,USt TBE sMOUY sh Jo sed "uIETE UY IN ,"91A0UN
e asnf,, sat aeyp Aes ueo am ‘preauiayy "pom sno sauosaq wy
yey ‘supa pus ay 01 9uD28Suruado ap Wosy "sasti9sino satuNsUOD
aouatsadxa atp pue ‘apise 19s st pom ayp Jo Isay aL [118 pueas 01
stuaas aun ‘Kofua A]pea aa wy B YIM aM UAYA\ {2]9} 11 VOY 49q
"WOW {91A0U aI Ay]eaI v AVLS NOA DUT ASE] DY JOqUIDUTDY

WA

Z

<«

y

wy N ||

sal Bulyjaadsoag suaaag Jaadeys)

op azayy Youeasas op Ay ued a19y A {AYO IIsIA staIDEIeYD ay
[a saoed aeyQ\ "suo zofew se jryasn se asnf aq ued s[re2ap OUI
"sprexap otp dojaaap |] N04 ‘Bumaas anok ySnop yur Nos sy

"dunaas onstyeay & Yai u1Baq ‘Aapeas Jo saLrepunog ayp puodaq
siaje1vyo Anos pea} 02 TULA NOK Jf "AarURS asuIESE parseNUCD
aya afquiaa a10w soutosaq JOLIOF{ "aoe]duOUNWOD ay IsUIRse
11-298 02 St ‘9oURISUT JOy ‘JeauINs ay AeAOd o2 hem IsaISeD DY Jo
3UQ "MoU NOA 1eYA UO Op NOK rey Bulseq suBaU IeY J. "I! Jo wed
sea] av yam AttUapy ued sraAefd ayp JI YaArMoy ‘9129q OM TTA
Auoas ay, "ouR]d YOUR UO BuMIes v UAAA JO FIQUIFE ay UT WTLAY
& 'ssoULapf}M Jo YoraNs v aq IYstw ay -pHom pear ayp UF dat] NOK
azar ade] ayp ay!] A[29exa aq 02 avy OU s9op BUNIAS Sty

"asiy uo sn20j 02 aoefd ayp st ‘au sou! ay SuIpuads
ag |].Ayp axaya uo ayp 40 ‘4s9q MOUY si9IDBIEYD oy Kare 9y
SUONeIAI]e Ma} & YA **UALO INO dYI] SI PHO styp ‘apise syUdUT
-ystyjaquia yeangeusadng "uodn pying 01 punossyoeq & sureiu09
aSeyy ‘yoqe19s Woy a]91UOIYD Anos 12e4s 0} DALY 2,UOM NO' ‘spuEY
ano{ Ut Yoo sit Yat, ‘Bums Buons w spaau Aros uy

SULJIS

"ues poos ¥ 02 Jo aq |], NOK pue SYooy [nyramod v oUres
amok aay8 ,2400y, 242 sp []29 $123}1/\ "1808 |]e1940 Ue puB aU03 B
Syonj e Yat suriag 922 ay — Ajuappng "ep
pang 4pggs sty soreaqa}99 soxpiog auoyyea ‘woo4] eg PUEID arp Jo
Lieay ay UL U9Ad 2[9y 9g UED saAvm YDOYS ayp pue ‘9oe]d UAIDUE
siyp Jo suonepunoy ayp soyeys sapunyp tdarassiog, ANUeYD Ie
rystuprur sp, ‘Buows st 9Uads ISI DYA WAY "31.02 [99
wopues v aaey [[1M tes aU ,'**-INo Syeaaq IBY v Uoppns v Jo |]
pure ‘99s ‘1eq sty UF aze skn3 nod je "wy, feNsN ayp yar suIBaq 3
J] ‘| 21UoIYD astqUD dy 10} Pour ayp 398 []}a\ BUdDS IST 9y |,

auang Iss ULI «
"spuewiap sa}jardz0g ayp 02
soavys uywuro Aoup axaya outed v Avjd or s1uem Apoqon "Surpurq
JOU ang BuoNs st puoq UOWIUIOD sixp auns ayxeU JE BAoqY
‘saypoSor Avis 01 UoNANOU
duos aaeY WAY axLYY "SHON J9AAvEYM — asou9qUT JueWOL ‘sa!
Aprurey ‘98uaaag eran ‘AnUeYD UOUTWOD e sanb e
yom O02 SIaITVILYD aY2 JOJ UOSvaI B JO LOS AWOS YsI{qeIS? 02
Aun ‘]]e Jo asoyy "JUBIOdUNT aq [JH (WIdYB JO Ye] BY JO) saNITIGY
pur sainqunny [e190g ‘Aaaskuy uapey-anduaut ue aq 02 §,21 JL SS|IPIS
Sunysy uo dn peoy or way 1]91 ‘Aavay-requios aq [fm aures aya
J] USIsap pjnoys Aayp saivereYD Jo pury ey Mou s1adejd anoK
29] ‘uIBaq NOA a10jagq "IYBy y>1SeUL IeB]NA pue Buoy e saye Annsode y
AYP a[qUIAse1 UOOS |]1M AUIS INA Jo o1UgRy ay ‘way pUTyaq
dno s94ejd v noyM s9yI9B0r Aes 1949 Pho oYM soseu
SuaIaYyoo Jo pury autos spaau dnoid y

Avjd aouued pue ues Aoyp YM MOUy
stakejd ayp 19] pur '(mozag ,Bupyseg,, 29g) Woy pros ur paau nok
1eYA ano Av] ‘UOINIaLIp s,9[21UOIYD 4NOA Jo Bap! Pood B 2ALY NOK
20UQ "9[doad jje 01 sBuryp [Je 9q JoUUED aUTeS INO‘ ‘AjsnoLAgE)

joped v aay nok Jy «

so1epunog 19g «
pauueyd Aypeur3110 nog ueyp Janaq SuNpawos 0 peay Aew 198 nok
suonsa88ns aya —1u1od siyp ae purus uado ue daay "1oadxa.oaeya
Suimouy woy siakejd ayp daay pjnoys Surueaspéep jorge ya Ut
paxiu suejd yenaoe sno Jo awos — Burp peg e ou Ss! LONDampstw
apa] e spur ur aaey nod st af YeYA WAYp [a2 10U pau NOK

"urBaq nod
auoyaq andur say 1H ‘]]e Jaye ‘storeroqe}joo anos axe staked oy,
"ues ay Woy swajqoid aavy []1M awed Inod ‘dp 10 UNA Oo} WAY?
qUeA NOK pur sse xP] 02 JURA adnon ANOA JI Je AY "Burdeyd aq
[1 Aaup owes ayp ut Aes auos eA ‘9sINOD Jo ‘]]1M SIDAE|d INO A

induy 395) «
"21 YAM 08 02 JUWM Nod azDYyM
MoU Nos adu0 JaIsea YONI awOD9q I]IM owe e SuTUUNY "219
"(,8AWAY],,, 998) a10]dx9 02 Ysia NOA samMayp sofeUr ‘(;darassiog
PPEGINO UETPENSMY YL {AND YOR MAN [42A\ 4p AT SI) Supa9s
[182040 ayp ‘(MoJaq 99s) [eO3 UOUNUIOD aYp ‘sasMyyNogns pue sare
‘systuoSeque Buns :apnjour aBeas styp ae Ue|d 02 sBurYp poorE

-arayp woy nok pea| |p} Atanas
ano X "2z1]enst A ‘9UT]ING "awac] "saxoU dye | "sa]durexa M9} ware Peay
ano ut yams s,aetp Buos & 10 ‘uostad Jypour our IYsIsUT UE ‘dors

sng ayp 3e JaqunoouA Ue ‘sau ayp UO 401s ¥ — UONeAIdsUT se Ie

ueo SunpAuy "nos audsut |]1m ppom year ayp woy sBuryp ‘aatuorys
ano{ uo 399Ya1 NOS sVy "suIsaq —SurueaIpAep—ased uny oy |,
wuoisurerg «

axya WY MOY [IIA IS9d OYJ "IST ]]92.07 UA

nos A101s Jo pury atp apioaq] {stapjnoys sia19eeYD ay 1940 BUNWOO]

Ades20uypa | [nyamod-je ue Yatm o1da yuNdaqA> asuar k 40 ‘aso]

dy Uo siopneseyy Jo 9]k1 DTUO9-ONN9s y ;sI9aNIS DY UT IeqWIOD YT

[Jesoy-aay v 4G {BuIqqesyreq pue sUase-ajqnop YIM ‘ajotuoIYyD
anSqur ue UNE NOS |]141 ‘suoTdo Jo apnayNuU e sUTEIUOD aeYy
azyemdaauog «

[nydjay aq Aew ary sdia may y "asiy ae
Suneprunut aq dew parers Sunes ‘seadde a yey uns 07 z9[duns
Sta! ySnoyppe ‘aure8 papua-uado AjSurusiysiy & st oepy

P9ILIe]S SuyjoD

ASIlJ AWLOD 9]TUOIYD AOA Jo soISeq atp Ang "19A0:

pure aajos 02 suayqord ‘gurUexa 02 sansst aq Pjnoys aay ‘em ay
Buoy "uers 0 a2e[d poos v are siojdgns joo> pur Sunras SuN}oxo
uy ‘08 02 ajstuory atp 1ueM NOs a1ayA No dew o1 AaruNaoddo aya
ayer ‘srardeeYp Hay a1vas9 01 UIBaq s1adejd ayp a10}9q 8407]

101 a]21] B SuUUEM Woy aavay skeMpY "saypNy
11 dopaaap 02 wuem |],Aay yp Y8noua BuIs~IUt afaruoryo anoA
puy Aqjryadoy q]1m sxadefd ano *Asoas penTUt ayp 02 , faNbas,, v OJ
uioo4 sAea\ye s,a29tp2 ‘9]21UOIYD ANOA 02 ase SuNOddns pue punosd

-ypeq YBnoroIp v parea1 A,No4 Jf "sayANy aporUoAYD v dojaasp
01 aoueyp ayp shemye

s,a19yp ‘aos ayp Jo Lay ay Ie s1919eIeYyD
auv aay asnesag "dojaaap Aq|ny 02 s1e94 sayea ey UBIedwEd v OF

suoIssas May B WOY ‘9¥1] NOA se AYABuay se aq ULD a]>TUOIYD Y
"salias a1nqua ay 10 J9Aou ai1qua ay

st aparuoryp v Syoog v ur zaadeyp v st Asoas v Jf 198

Siq Sunpoutos owt pjing wy sauoas paroauU0s

jo sau

¢ & — ajotuoryo ano{ Suruueyd saajoaut
awed v 10} Suusedasd jo apis jeorsead oy,

48240 Atoastyy,, ‘S119 oB1puy —

sn fo Kaorsty soypu aun jyUA,

ISnp 01 Saysp a4v am parun ‘IsnuL2m sv ynoK sno Suysra.LIg

kid worssod snp fo umd ayy w und ay 1

&vpor

papa yas auv siuawow asays 2prym anoy asnut am og

g]O1UO.IYD


4 ee ee elo
7
they get food? Where can they sleep when they're hiding from the Ls
Technocracy? Plan out the basics. If youhave a variety of elements
prepared beforchand, you'll glide into them effortlessly when you
need them. If you haven't prepared a particular detail, you'll find

inspiration on the spur of the moment, but having something to
fall back on will make you more comfortable

Supporting Characters

Add to this background a group of supporting characters.
Who shares the world with the characters? Who are the £
they'll encounter? What are the supernatural threats that remain

Jeepers

hidden? If there are other mages in the area, what are their
Tradition politics like? One temptation here is to fall back on
stereotypes or choose the obvious, but character comes from
personality, not templates. If you stick to the obvious, your
chronicle will become predictable and shallow

Again, when you're creating, minor details can be just as
useful as major ones. Personality often comes from the smallest
details. How doesa character speak? What inspires his trust? What
color socks does he wear? An eccentric gas station attendant with
the combat abilities of a hamster can make for a better story hook
than yet another Akashic Brother with an awesome array of

combat stats. Fleshing out a character involves giving her little
quirks and petty flaws, and any character, even a supernatural one,

must be able to relate to the world around her.
To keep your story realistic, don't forget to include the

t will be a

"normal" world. Not everyone the characters me
Hermetic Master barabbi serving Tazgool the Tormentor. Before
you escalate the danger level of your campaign, remember that
putting personality into "mundanes" can make the setting richer
and more robust. If your supporting cast is a series of combat
statistics or neat critters, you don't have a supporting cast. You've
got a bunch of stereotypes. Any character needs a degree of
motivation and depth, even supporting ones

Motivation puts a character in motion. Consider: any char-
acter has a goal. That character will work toward that goal until he
meets outside opposition. In physics, "any object in motion stays
in motion... until acted upon by an opposing force." The same
applies to your supporting cast. Outside opposition usually comes
from the characters, the most potent motivators in the story. If the
opposition doesn't come directly from them, it might still come
from the consequences of their actions. Things happen for a
reason, and often, the rationale "she does it because she's e-vil" just
doesn't cut it. To give your stories verisimilitude, focus on making
the supporting characters realistic

This applies to antagonists as well. Ifthere's no conflict, ther
no drama; antagonists provide opposition. Don't set up a series of
cut-out figures tion is a challenge. A
game gains depth when the adve
characters with different points of view. Don't think of themas guys
in black hats; the phrase "alternative morality" is useful here. Look
at the opposing factions of the Ascension War — each side still

giving a "villain" a motiv:
saries aren't so much villains as

follows its own particular morality.

It's hard to play an antagonist convincingly if you can't
understand him. This doesn't mean that you have to agree with
him, but youdo need to have an idea of how he thinks. This makes

the game more challenging for your players. A black hat is easy to
overcome, but a detailed antagonist, with his own particular idiom
and point of view, makes for a worthy adversary. Even the darkest

adversary has an element of humanity.

144 Mage: The Ascension

The Center
of Your Story

Forget philosophies and Traditions for a moment. Set aside
settings, conflicts and antagonists. The core of your story involves
human beings. The most important of these are the player charac-
ters. As you paint the elaborate backdrop for the stage of your
drama, don't forget that the player characters are at the center of
it. It's very easy to fall into the trap of developing such an extensive

background that there's no room for the characters. The chronicle
must center around the characters and the conflicts they endure.

Establish how the heroes tie into the background. Why are
they there? Why are they risking their lives to explore your dark
and dangerous theater of the mind when they could just flee for
their lives or hole up in a bomb shelter somewhere? If the

characters don't have a motivation to interact with your back-
ground, you have no story. As the characters grow, tailoring an
adventure to them gets easier. Each character is incomplete in
some way; the world brings the opportunity for fulfillment. The
players will also give you clues, either directly or indirectly, for the
kinds of stories they want to play.

It's also a good idea to have a way for the characters to work
together. They all belong to the same cabal, so do they share a
common Chantry? What motives bind the characters together?
Revenge? Ambition? The destruction of the Technocracy? The
salvation of the world around them? Once you and your players
have found a reason for the characters to be together, it's easier to
chart out a route for them to take.

The meaning behind the World of Darkness is not that the
world is dark. That's incidental. That's atmosphere. The real
meaning in a chronicle comes from the characters.

Nuts and Bolts

Don't feel an obligation to create a modern
myth before lunchtime tomorrow. Tak
Once you > of direction, it's simply a
matter of starting out on the path. Re
whether you're setting out to inspire art or just to

our time.

a sens

ardless of

provide an evening's entertainment, the first few
steps on the journey are the same.

First, make sure a good story is told. That
doesn't mean that you just tell a story. The troupe
creates it with you. In each chapter, the Storyteller
leads the story in the direction he wants it to go. If you're working

with your players (and not just performing for them), you'll
eventually find yourself struggling to keep up with what they want
to do, commenting and elaborating on what happens rather than
simply laying out a narrative. The result is a collaborative effort,
a "consensual reality."

The story will often deviate from your plans. If you feel that
the story is naturally drifting in another direction, don't force the
players to follow your plans; work with them. So long as the tale
tays within reason, go with it. You're usually the guide, but
elements of the story often come together naturally. An experi-
enced Storyteller often feels as though the story is flowing almost
without effort. Just as your players try to anticipate what you're
going to do, try to anticipate the cha actions. They'll
surprise you from time to time, and that makes the story come
alive.

Packing

Before you begin, be prepared. When you're just starting out,
it will be easier to create the story if you spend plenty of time
preparing. These preparations include creating a setting, envi
sioning a rough idea of the plot you want and establishing a few
good plot hooks, A "cheat sheet" of important details can be a

cters

critical aid to running a smooth game. Cheat sheets might include
brief reference descriptions of significant characters (name, story
role, physical description, motivations, powers or important skills,
and relationships with other characters), a combat summary (who
can do what, the average damage they do, weapons they use,

amount of damage they can take) and short listings of important
places and things (the layout of a houseboat, the distance between
points A and B). A relationship chart, if you can create one, makes
character reference easy.

You may want to use a premade story. If you do, read through
the text carefully a few times beforehand. Make sure you know
when and where everything happens, who is where at what time
and so on. Pay close attention to the major antagonists, their
personalities and motivations, and some ways to portray them
convincingly. You can start with a very linear or straightforward
plot; there's nothing wrong with that. You must learn the basics
first; defying reality and creating dreams comes later.

Such aids are useful, but not mandatory. With a game as
complex as Mage, it helps to have a few notes on hand. As you
become more experienced, it will be easier to deviate from what
you've planned. The structure you adopt and the rules you use are
the game itself; the events you and your troupe create are the
actual story. Storytelling is ultimately a balance between the story
and the rules.

Rules

Once there was a man who decided he knew everything

Once there was a book that he threw in my face

Once there was an angry mob that marched up and down the street

Don't ya know they all called my name

What do they want from me?

— Oingo Boingo, "Fill the Void"

This book is filled with rules. In reading them, you might feel
as though you're studying for a test. Players will question you about
them, other Storytellers will argue about them, and, remarkably
enough, some people will really get worked up over them. Despite
the fact that Mage is just a game, some people enjoy giving
themselves (or others) grief over the rules to that game.

First off, you have to be consistent and fair. Some people
interpret that as meaning that you must be strict. That's not the
case. We've done our best to make sure these rules are consistent,
clearand useful, but youand your troupe are the final judges ofhow

Chapter Seven: Storytelling 145

NY

D.IWWe


-Auoas pur aured
AUP aoueyeq 02 Jaquiowias ang ‘21 podu AyJear NA #1 UOLIeDIpn{pe
40} 10 ‘uonendsur 10 sjjor ap ase) "9221p 10U ‘s8ulaq UeUMY
Aq padeyd st awed ayp ‘Ajareumayy "Azois anos jo J99} ay Daye

[! Joo aeyp asn NOA Mop "a0 BuTYROU ‘Joo ¥ 24,494 GAAAMOY

‘pu ay uy 2oueY> 0149] aq pjnoys autODINo Ue JO Y>Mas 193 saLIOIS
aya asn on aotaap [nydjay e Quawa]a Wopuer e are 991]
NOX [OIUOD ION ‘NOX aping pynoyg a1q ey] «

"-Buoye nod djay

01 seapt 21seq axoUL Maye axe axap{ "dn NOA 4>eq 02 |]HAs [eDHOeId
anowpIA Surypou o4,4ayp ang ‘poo' pue jjam |e axe speapy

sd

"aiyatypiom Aauunof ayp ayeu uorssed pue euresp ‘typed ayp
Jeaaau uawspn{ punos pue sansauarsisuoD "Arentque Buta 23,n0d
yBnoyp se 199} 2,40M sroAejd ay UArsIsUOD 24,NO4 se BuO] sy "s9]NE
Sursn jo a[4as svjnoMed UM aNOK A9A0dsIp [],NOA ‘shofua adnon
AnoA YM 01 AsOIS AYA JO]T1 NOK se AsNf "ajquIsOsWIOD BUOAL
ayeUI ][IA IeEP ,sa]NI asnoy,, Jo 198 B dojaaap |],NO< ssazoid sip
ySnouy | "saideyp yoea Jo uorsn|>u09 ayp ae Ajpersadso ‘yseqpaay
sayo 01 aaueYp & siakeyd ayp aay "nos suins 2eUp |teI9p Jo 1UNOWLe

2

ue puy ues nod ang ‘BurysAr9Aa soy sajna aq a,ue> ay

o1Seu St asaz ay puke **-]aayM ap Jo o8

29] Ue NOK Udy. ‘adnon apLyMYIOM
Wwe UY, "NOX O1 asn{pe o1 UOYa ue axLUE [ILM s19de{d poos
pur ‘siadejd jo sada auazaytp 02 asnfpe 02 skew puy 1],N04 ‘ou
19AQ ‘NOK YI [Jai 10M OYA SIAAE]d PUY 02 st asINODaI IS9q >Y |.
paoyudes st Azoas aya Jo MOY au eEp painyonuys os satu0Daq aUTES

a[quuasse a4,no4 ‘suaddey

ayp ways ang ‘syne
01 s1 uondo aug "4

p MOY NOA Pjarysor sojna jo sz9ke] OYINy PING

DAISSaIBBE A19A0 Ue Wo NOA 1991010 01

ySnous 10U age aUOyE s9pn4 ang ‘s19AMe] S9]NL ASUIETe UONDaI01d Jo
dANsvatt aUOS NOA saad atUES dy? OUT a]ING UdAq s,reyA aMONIS
DULL ‘ssadans s,owes ayp UY IUEUOdUIT a10Ur soUIODaG ss
saaioereyp [enpratpur uy ,'ssaoons, A[pasayye st zy [208 ay | "ous
and Jo sajna atp TuaauIN4t9 01 SuLAN UT IYstap suadejd UTED

ons

pHi seo Buo] uo ured v are ajdoad awos ‘ja1eUNUOsUA)

‘ova
pu Sutop a4,n04 ay asuas []14 s19de[d asopy "IJeY e Or SuIpULLs
s8urtp Surg pue uorssitusuEN ayp ums 3,uOM NOK ‘uOISsas B JO
a]ppru aya UL yrys A]Jeo1pes a,uop NOs sv BuO] sy "s]]02 991p ay Aq
porsensip 2,uaze siaioeseyp ays reUp os paads ysry 0 dn yoeq yrYs
uo nod ‘Supping ayp Youkas Aaup se pouaddey rey Jo uorssndsip
Hay UO snd0} 01 sHaIOEILYD YA IUWA NOA I DAO sat aUO
"‘ay3y aya ovr jreiop a10ur a]n1] e Mop pue UMOp Ao]s ABU NOA ‘dn
SunuoD rqUIOD jeINUD & s,a494p Jt ‘9DUEISUE Joy ‘Aaors anos SUING
"ures sead ysiy out
"yIysuMop Nos ‘uM v OUT OF NOK Lay AA "te
ji se Arors ayp YBnory Adusnof snoK Buryer jo Yury, "aures an0k

2eq YIYs NOA ‘peor ystesse wo a4,nok Uay AA
oer e Suraup a4,n04

Uns 01 UOIssas B SULNp apt] w ]Aas aNOA YrYs 01 a{qIssod sa]
9[A]S INO, Suysn{[py

pueyiojag Muy wayp 29] NOK 1 at aIEID91dde or puar
saodvjd ayp ‘sopra ayp Yat Ysryeayy Surypoutos op 02 Sut08 94,N04 J]
"Burudutadxa 91,nok mouy s194e]d ay SuNI9] INOYNN a]Aas NOK
Jone Ajjeoipes 19A9Ny "Aypeanaeu sowOd sa1oI Sury]or ‘9]Aas nok
Yai a]qeuosuiod 199} s1adefd aya 9uUQ "Jespuru ze[nonued eya
ayes s,stue8 ay 10} 9UIeS e AoLIsap

pling 01 Aem auo st AouarstsuoD

ue sowanxa yrog "sdwes oa asaya Uda9MI9q HIDYMOWIOS |]Ey

Ayqeqoad {]1a\ nod 104 YSU saeyp a]Aas ayp ‘apise wseores [TY

uolsuadsy ay *

pure asnure 03 Aatpiqe staup st ssavons jo ainseaur
uonenats v ur soajaswoya puy pue "3104 pjnoys
-sadxa ureuao ary 1],Aay | "sawed w0Jay v JO Wi
Jays udYya Iso] [994 s9[TU Jo JromaurEY v aAvY 01 9:
"Aremique Ajox2]dwo> ‘uoruyap Aq ‘st suaddey 2
uatp Saqfoukuo1g ay jo wiYya ayp re uaddey ued SurypAue J]
"syPEqaeIp snorago sey osye 21 ‘prea st yoeoadde sip apy AA

-asja SurypAue uetp aiow saweayp ;euoHestAcrdunt sayquiasax
aur jo ada siyy "suaddey a1 ‘uaddey 01 Surypauios suem Ayyea1
adnon ayp jf ‘snonyradns aui029q a21p os ‘op ued siaz2eIeYD YM Jo
vap! ysnor e apraoid siaays za19eEY> ay | ‘BUCIM duos s SuItpawios
uayp ‘991p [Jo1 01 aay NOA J] 31 INoge set Ang "aquNu WopuEL B
Sunessuds 10 W109  BuIss01 10} }]e> AvU UOHENAIS Y {soTUeYDaW PuE
aunzonuns Yat JayI0q Atyas ‘soUTJapIns Jo sis}suod AJUO aUTeS ay JT *[E
1e sajna Aue padu 1,ussop sa]]a1d10Ig , WOJaay,, AJAX UY

"sana ayp jou ‘sioq98IeYo
aup Aed,, 07 usea] 02 aavy sxahefd s9Ame] sajNy 'sU9Ae ay 938919 01
Jay19802 SyY10m Ay]Lapr aoya vse adnon ay "s19deyd sry pur 19]]92
-Aloig ayy Uaaariag 1s91UOD v IU ‘AIATIDE aANeIOGEIIOD B sv U9as
aq plnoys Suyjjard10rg "yJasi1 owes ay UY IUEIOdUN B10 s>LIOD
-aq awe3 ayp puryaq anions ay pue ‘spise ras st Ar1euOsIad
saaoeseyo oy ‘Ava stoyp sajna atp Surpuag Aq suza}qoud aajos
01 Ann J] Aaup ‘Aus pod v axyeut wtp sidaouos atp 01 uo SuLpjoy
ueyp saypey

"001 ‘s1adme] sajna aq 01 puar sidkejd awOg

"sajna asn 01 asnoxa deayp v asnf 20U s} Azors aya {A108 ay
dai9s p]noys sajnu ‘sn o | "s1ayNs Arors ayp "A10s sty UO a1EI1UIIU0D
02 sa98u04 ay yeUp sajna dn Suryooy pue vo1p Buy]jou ur dn wysned os
298 1Aave] syn e J] "soSeaueapestp aruyap sey owanxe sty],

"onisipeas sow awed e aye []La sajna a1ow Surppe rey aaj Ady
‘uosvar auos 10} !, ust]vax,, aNsind UDYO s19AME] say °9q wNIOT
sat Ava atp saetp ways *g Jo Al]noyytp e ae [Jo 1@MOdy]IA\ parsisor
B asurEse sassadons Jo JaquINU ay? adUAIAJaI-sso19 pu aIDAIY +
eurueag [Jo p|Noys UoNNse UrELad v BuIquosep 19Ae]d v IeYD shes
266 a8ed uo ueyp aya J] "we ayp Jo sojmu ap Jo UoLWoIdde pue
uonersudiaqut ouas 4J9WINXo UL UO so1]or ,ABAME] S9]NY,,

‘aouatiadxa Woy
satis 9]4g "Ae]d 02 eas Nod [UN NOA 10} 389q 910M 9]AAS YOY JO
asuas 818 1,UOM NOX ,JoWeS WUOJaxy,, Oya PUL JAM] $9]NJ,, aU
uaamiag a1aymautos Und S19}]914101g ISOYY] "S9]AI8 Jo AIDTILA v UDaS
Aghop ou 9A,nos ‘sours uns a]doad s9yI payorem 24,NOK J]

aAIS

]42s jo z91aeU e A]a34e] st aouaayaud ay J "sauIANXa OA LaaAIOg
[12 sajna asn oym ajdoad asoyy ‘anon ano pue Nos 105 a89q 910M
aetp Ava ayp Ayuo ‘ures sup Avpd o2 AeAL ,[RIDUO,, OU St 2194

"sano{ put nok 01
sSuojaq aure ano 4 "heme Yoog sit 242 pue 100p INOK UMOP ¥>P}
01 3u103 st uo ou ‘umo anos Uo dn sBuryp ayeu AypenIUaAa NOS J]
puawie pur soaye ‘purdxa ‘Ayr duns 1],N0 X "N04 10} 0M I'Y sooa1d
pur sig atp ayer [],no4 Gare] "IsHY soIseq atp WieT] "azLOWIW Or
Auge ano4 jo asa1 e.10U St aUNe ay | "soUT|pINs AIUO **-sajn4 OU aE
auoyp ‘apt] Ur sBunp AueU ayy] ‘BuNJrd10Ig UT "Sapna Inoge A]aAIs
-S99X Apt Jo pom v s.a194 ey pres BurAKpy

A104 2,uop +

pom []IA\ IeYM Jo a8pnf jeuy ay2 93,n04
"1yBu st [aj NOA adeys pue azis e 01 21 9z1UOISNd [],NOA ‘A]TeNIUDAT,
-adnon ano4 10} Sym Usarshs SIP |]>M MOY Jo asuas B 193 asNUE
‘uayjouuoig ayp se ‘nog -aures ayp skejd Oym aUOAsAAa 10) punoIs
YOUIOD B se SAAS PUR PUDUTWOIaL am sauT|pINs jo 1s 9y
si aure3 ay Ut sajru yo yromaurey ay] "Arors ano datas Ady 1]9A6

III WAN

Lbl Bulpjardsorg :uaaag Jaadeyo)

SEES SE|

‘opin anod aq Arors auf 19] ‘sKeayye se ‘pure ‘aztpeMa
-doouoz ‘s}eap! jo 191 JUOd & s1 [nso pud ap ‘paajoaut sayns jenaoe

aYp Jo ssaypreBoy "aa13 LUUO' s,urproutos ‘peaqy ssapasay ays Jo

spHu ayp UL AHA 9JI] B sosn sOYeadswaag] Up JIANG ‘uURASUE

10} ‘spuejmopeYyg ayy ort zoyeadsueaIq v SuLIq or sowUeYIN
v 10J a]qissod say "pjiom aya Jo Aaypear aya Aq paioape astauayio
10 paroaey ‘pa1ojoo aq eu yo1eur yey ‘Anypea1 Joyo AuL 40
eIqUIE yp ‘pom jeLAIeUL oY UT Y>ITeU Jo sDaHo ay TUYTJMAI0Ig
d4nod ADYPYA\ "UNYAUM ase9 sFUP[IOMITIA oyI s1OJO9 sodvyd
asOY} Jo OuNawU OYA ‘suu]BaYY JOYA UI Yo'TVUL ase soe YOY YY

‘9q 01 WAY MLM NO sv paiEd}{dwod sv 40 afduns se aq ULD
sioayo apis ay ang ‘auns ‘9 q1x9y 940 a1v soMepUNoY >Y,J,"91011x9
sty josi9y9 aup soni o1 nd-puey st 49]9A8N pouosvas sow 94) U9AI
wy? Apides os aBueyp savy ApHOmUdYAE "areas PUONUDAUOD
apisino a[qnop s9o8 Aaryiquasiposdun s,y91Seur mnoqe our] ay],
PHOA\ utdg oy ur yoIeyy &

‘suOHDe AYA IOge YUIY Way? ayxLUI OI 10 "IAS WAY? axeU 01914

pooS e paou nok uayar ore] 10} dn ways aavs pur paaiaoas aavy pjnom
JonoereYyD v siUtod ay UMOP I0f "MOU 10} —11 910UBI ‘ArOIs.NOA adnusip
pynom ysepjseq v Jf "ureB1vq ays UE UAV Anos dh Noy a,usaop a1 ains
ayeuu ‘suejd szodefd v ur youaum aatsseu v Mom UL XopLIEg
dno18 ano4 10) 1yBU1 St ]99) NOA YA UO paseg aoUEPEA BOLLE
"yaaj 1UHEUAP ¥ sey J9UO] OU YorseUU ‘9]quIdIpard seanpe

<opereg
J["JouIUOD Jo ano 499} |]14\ SHAE] ANOA {eauuNs pue WoPUEL shEaNqe St
xopereg J} 29194 ryosn st Aypedusa apaayy Y "2[quIIOU> 001 BuO I9q

woy siakvjd ano' sda

> ‘ysnoy ‘PYM v UL aoU0 parodxoun
ayp Apoquia xopeieg Sutaepy "awWHO oy sy Uayo UaWYstUNd
ay stuoyp pases ryp yo1seu ay Jo amreu ays yatar daay Ayjensn
saysepjoeg "a9nasnf 190d jo asuas padiwa v sey astoarun oy

"joy ura Auoat jo asuas &
pur suondiiosap plat, "stueysour awed e 10U ‘9o10} yeoIshyderoUt
¥ AYLI] Woas 01 IYBNO saysep{oeq Xopeseg ‘FOAsMoY ‘x~a Aor
WO} JOANEY AQ "TYBt
snouea dy J, °S9xOg UL-pa||y Jo $9198 B IOU ‘'NIVU Jo 9910} & St
1] ‘tuaashs awed & aq Ajduns 10U pjnoys Xopeaeg Sf>1TeU Ayr]

a

sade ut passnosip a1e

opeseg JO $192,

suonvotfduog [eo1xope.

tds
"uoyjo A19A SULYD 942 O94 02 PIU ,UP|NOYs NOs ‘9oud!Iadxo Jo
ig v YUN snydjay ospe st anoeIg "dyay pynoys [11-69] SoBed uo
suieyp oyp ‘sojna saryounas,, 1ayoud nod J] >yorTeU siseD sy9eILyD
e aw A19A9 adIp [Jor OU Pou Nos ‘9]Aas ,WLOJDDy,,  AoJoud
Nod JP "UeYD & O1 PoUUOD UDYyA AnITeIIA SIV sasop x>HTEYy
Moy pue suaddey aeyar aquosaqy "| [Mp st ,[]eqaay w Mom , BuLdes
puv 2541p Jo [nypuey e Buryjou A[duuts Sumo s1ayp Jo ayy] e UO ayer sAeApe
plnoys sis9yo siz "Tuyog sou a[qeio1pard s9yRIOU st youTEpy
Aypeotueud gy yorseyy aquasaq «

-sumop and iouues Aaya aeyat dn uowuns,, saiieur soumawog

"xy yoinb v ae ao1p ayp aly sowunosua Auv or suoHed1{duUI0D
m9} ¥ ppe skvafe Ue9 no J ‘payfonuos Aj}sea s,avup Sunpauos sheape
1,ust o18euu jo 190d aves ayp ‘sIoxIeIEYD [Nplomod 10J U9Ag "|]ou 91p
a]duuis e Yara to] qord v aajos oa syuEm odUyd v UY UI 9A1 02 9AcY
3,UOP NOA "‘YORLaIpNipe 40J |ryosn av aoIp aup ‘saseo asap UP
"Suope Atoas ay? aout 02 Op 02 spaau AD]]xAJOAg ay wy
puv a0]d oy auaAuinost9 02 op o2 siuVA AAvjd ay Iya UDD.MI9q
asiwosdtuo9 v ae Buratue sued UYO IE Ng VULAL "OIJ>XKI0Ig
auf se ‘nod z9aareyar op pnoys 11 Iw ULdUE 3,us9Op IeY_L, ‘shoID
audv9 st o13eu aeyp soquiowas ‘uoneMys Jo adAa sttp Jo [ox1U09
aye) 02 aAvY NOA J] "UOHINJos snoruasU! Ue BuIpUY Jo UONDvJsHEs

ay Jo} armaNsqns OU St aAaMOY "xy YINb v Jo [PAYA ay] "GUAU
-aieasiapun ue s,yeyp ‘siodejd autos soy) 199g adunis v yar Aors e
uaaa 10 wajqoid v JuaaLUNd:D 02 AI []1M\ AaAvjd v saMWIOg

-siadeyd anos ve sayour Jaye saNUD Ay!U UO MOP pue aM}
aunqeand,, 8 uSiedwies snoK ayeUI 01 Yay UOIIeAdUIAD & s,a19y |, "UO
os pure siedaz0m ‘sonndads ‘oxy a1aasuy) ‘s199uEq Jealdg y>uIg ‘noIeS,
‘satu — ssauy1eG] Jo PHO/Y ay Ut uN] IY sanseu jo A@UeA
apiat e s.a194, | "Ausaua UOUOD e Yst]qeasa 02 st 1ayI9B0I sIaIDeIEYD
Jo dnoa8 ev Bug 01 Ava asatsea ay], 2499, AYR Jo raISUO| «

sary Suruonuau YOM are aay y "uede
[1ey wes opruoryp ev yory UT skem Jo JoquINU e are a19y

SI2did UO)

"tnoge |]@ st poour YM s.aeUp pue ---aUD2s ay
01 1uauOduios JeuONOUW!D Ue s,919Y_] ‘UONRUATTE 10 UoNedIonUE

snoaiou se paquosap aq pjnod poow ayy "uewnY apa] e [HS
‘y8nouo Ayppo ‘pur auep3ta ‘qestporpaw Guanedut oq 1 parydurt
‘syuinb aaj © yBnosyp ‘axe sBx0qdo ay. {[99} 194eJd ayp Pinoys
MOP YUHIG 02 $19810} ay IEP Buryorea s,oy wessoud uoIstAa}aa ay
ie AjasuaqUut os sazeas palyp & pue ‘prend spuras ay se puey >] Sty
Jo slaSuy aya soysatan Alssayisog Jayour ‘spuodas ¢7 A49A2 YoIEA
sty sypayp 4994Jo 9UG ‘sB10q49 X UONRIAI] Aq UNA APaa499s UONeIS
do1Jod & Jo MopuIM dy OIU! sYOo] ay asoddng -a]doad jo dnos'
BJO MAIA s,loxsEIeYD v adeys spe aYsIU sand aI] 204,
BurypAUe Avs 0 9ABY 2,US9OP JJomazam aD f9oUEISUT SIE
ur Suryjea atp op syzinb ayy, ‘sprezim Suapuem so) uoNeas SuIT]Y
uvya 110jWO9 pue ssoupUry Jo a9"[d e a1OW st »1ed A419 aup Jo appprut
yp Ur ans pasoes,, ays IMP Way aduUTAUOD IYysTW ‘BurUUNY popuTUE

-a[dus pur sooys ino-wom ‘Surmay>-wns ssaypuruy ‘arey dn-passnut

sty qatm ax9|dwoo "rameug auog ayp 1>1psuag YstA TUNODUA JUG y

"goUuassoqUING) [93s 01 WOLD sJomaI9A OWT 9HAEYD AdUp B10Jq Aatd Jo

Ja Als & [99} 01 SIaIDeILYD dUp1 TUM NOA asoddng "uoNeD0] IY Inge

sang urequoD ued SyzINb apy] sty "UOeDO] Iy!oads & YIM payrUapt

Ayjensn st gaizereyp sour v jy "Aaypeuosiad sty Jo sq sour Jara

eUp so] qloy pue SyzNb ap] sey Su19q UeUINY AUYy "aUADs v Jo a1ayds
-oune ay 01 ppe ose UL sIIDEIeYD SuROddns Jo [reIp ay
suajoesey9 Supsoddng j2q «

‘1oydsoune Sumn3iaut ue UoNduosop aunnos

v pus] ues ysvoudde posadxaun ue pue ‘10u poaput st sso] "2103

yum poreioosse spypif> prepuras aya ueYp Jorstuts a10U1 ey 2U99s

ayp aye
uaaq sey Apne] e axaya auads aUILID e BUIqUOsap a4,NO4 J] ‘AUOAUIOS

1 ued skor S,udap]Iy> ay Jo suoIIpUOD ay SuNeJax "ULE]S
aiejndiuew o7 idwane ue aq asnf aysiu JayUNODUa SNUeWOL A[pa
quaUYstjaquia ou tI uosiad pay Ut
areuUT Ue BUIqUosag| "1Dadxo s1aAvJd INOA eYM Jo ar1soddo

-soddns v yp AdAU0D U
uae

I9eXD ay? S,aeY UO? E Asn O1 st aNbruysar aanoayo JaypoU

-sajdurexa may & ang aze paord snonounquies B aquosep

01 Stunsaysnyq snosaistog 40 a]y191s se BUADs B JapuaL or UORMdUDSa>p

DeJousneM ‘Buope woya AuNy o1 anFoperp snuey ‘uonuane

saode[d ano& wap 01 Suuadsrya Apyog *991I00 ueWNY ay Jo At

-Jnes19A oY NOge 193103 s19}]a14101g AUEUL INg "yYreUIAL snolago Ue
Dy] tuoas AvUU sty J "OND JdYAOUE St 99104 NOA asN NOK AvA YL
auoy, AieA «

"mouy Apeayye staked

dyp IY 02 sayoeue axew Ue NOA UdYyM aquosap 02 JaIsea oIe

suswuoraus ,yeniutdg,, «ie oy? ul UOHeztuoT 1ysI]s e asuas pue
Anounda]9 DnkIs JO UOSsLY ¥ [99 ,SIOUEN a10UL,, 10} spUEWAp 2A
NYU! Jay ‘sIYs] aan seUASHYD 21]
sqam Suryuryg 9s [Jaa (uaa Avur ay ‘siapids

-nadax Suuoqt s9104 U
BupeyppUrds AB1aUd Jo

uso1ied 10) apeoze oapta e yueas o1 194g mtd siy Sutsn stadapy
Jenut, vj] "ssauareMe A[ppOAUaYO 10 ,asUas YAXIS, szaIeIEYD
8 Jo BuNpom ayp Burquosap udym [nyasn osye ae saojeuy

Shl

"poow! aup ay 02 Surkepdayos nrayp Sunsn{pe Aq puodsar 1] Aaya ‘warp
uo dn ypid staAejd anos J "sano Suipua] Aq aua9s ap 01 aInquUOD
Aayp ang ‘wi0} 10 adeys ‘dem Aue ut 10} ayp 01 pan ag or sey stuaWa]>
asayp Jo aUON "sem ayeredas niayp ypeM Udy pue advIqua ‘osned
SI9AO] OMI YP VANS yp JO a]Pplw ayp Uy ‘adueasIp ay UF spueY,
SuIpjoy s19A0] SunoA oan Jo aNaNoypis ayp saoHou sia ay
Joauo way J "ary JJeus e 19A0 spueY stay Surqgny Ua ssajauoY oA
qsed jem sransereyo oy, "TYsIU ayp ye ploy o1 Aysy rysI]UCoW.
pur ‘azaauq apsuad e ut Ayize] yup stadedsmany "Suro ay ut aap
ye Aeaipeos Jo yaians arejosap v aq 1ysIw SuNras ay] ‘adoy ap/3ey Jo
UO st UIDs 8 UT 91919 02 YstaL NOs a1aYdsouNe oyp asoddns ‘goUEIsUI

uoIsuadsy ay] ade yy

404 ‘9U99s & Jo poour ayp 0} ABojeue Ue se pasn aq URD aoUaLIND90
JOULE Y "[]ASUI Or TUM NOX poou ay O21 san]> apgns A2AUOD
ue9squaad [eqUapIoUT ‘9Ua9se 10} BUI]99j & APAUOIOI NEA NOA J]
saropeuy asc)

"juawUONAUD Ue st a]dwexa puodas yp ‘dew v

st ajdurexa assy ay | "NA papuey sey soy sNO4 kay JUTWHAddad jo
dno asay at jo savy 1Ues9]9 ay pue sa]pued y>xIq Jo UoNeUTUINT|!
ayp ‘uoIy snouNxn] & UO paypians JaUOJWOI AUMOp v Jo UO
AAU! atp ‘GO sou HO] B Jo aduEIGuIE ayp ‘saryoo9 Buryeq Jo
eurore ayp yt payyy aq Iystw uauNsede ayqerosw0d v ang ‘pag
pur uayorry e Yat wor e se paquosap aq ue9 qUoUNEde Uy ‘2DU0

We sasuas ayp [Je Sy]Nesse a1aydsoune ue ang ‘WooL no-paddew e
se ajduns se Surppouros aq ues Bunras Y "erUUaT] TU Oy sit UNO
aavy sia}jaidioig "sasuas aay [fe Uodn swexp a1 ssayuN penta
1,Ust USWUONAUS UY "sOWOUSTUe ATfENsn st Aarpear ,eNITA,,

sasuag aary |] Jaquousy «

:9U998 & Jo a1aydsoune pue poow ayp a1v919 01 asn UES NOA
sjoor z9ypo aue a1ayp ‘Apuey siysry Say Aue a,uare oxy J] pour
sadoid at Aaauos {jm azoydsoune ayp ‘Apodoid pousisap uay,\

-uuinbs pue waa []1M store ayp ‘Aay-YStY O02 sa JL Sep ayp Ut
a]quinas [1m auoAs9aa ‘A[peq auop sai] "Surysyy ayp st a9ydsoune
aya way ‘9s Nok aBeas au Jo JIU aYp Ie st ase9 ay J] ‘AIDYdsoune
(IM paaarype st sBuyja9j asoyp Surjoag "ueuodun se asowye st
ppaf Aap aeyas ‘ainquaape ue jo ued auO $1 op siaiereYD IY A

si9ydsouyy pue poopy Suyead5

poou! sejnonued v ayoaa [1A ay araydsoune UrEAad v
Davy []!M owes auOp-]]a4M B YIN Utag o | "aouaLIAdxa ay aouUEY,
-ua ued sanbruypar uleias ‘Buyuuns pur yo siaroeseys aya 1s
pur punos3yoeq ap paystyqeasa ‘0]d no4 parmionns a4,nok yy

*moxB 01 WOOL []}¥s §,919tp ‘UMOP soISeq ay 103 9A,NOA 2G

sonbiuyo9 |

-Aytues UMO ANOA 404 AJUO JI IEE Or
yonas 02 UM Av NOY "E- 10 + Jo IUSUNSN{pe uNUTXEUI v aso8iNs
IyBig zordeyy ur sajna ay. ‘pucy jo no 198 ued siyp YBNoypye ‘aan
-UdAut 9q 02 s19kejd aBeINooUS ose ULD sUoNduosap aaneUrseU
40} Stay!pow SuoeNgns 10 Burppy "¢+ 10 7+ Aq AaMoyyIp say dn
asnf "aut ;Paploypuyjg a]Ya 199} Ue sed 01 Japnerepy JY SULA
Aypey ‘sjood arp 20 sjaaay Aajnoyytp asnfpe ‘waaamoy ‘sjtep asf> [Ie
J] YoReUIeUN apn] & Yatm paajosay aq ued suONsanb AuLYy

‘astaoiduy

{49409 ued sain ou Bunpauic
ptm dn sowios (sooueasuinoai9 10) 104ed v UaYyAr Op NOs UED IVyAL
ang ‘sues ayp OUT AQUTeIZ9IUN Jo JUDUIITO SIU 399{UT 02 AEM DUO SI
Sur]jou ao1q "seapt uMo sit sey UaYo Aulyear ang ‘Aaypear adeys Ae
quaruyy ‘sastidins Jo J]ny st 's,19]]214101g k ay! ‘POM s,aBeu y
uonestacrdut]

WA

ZN ||

AEG ||

sal Bulppaadioag suaaag Jaadeys)

"41 Jo ands ut paagons pue uonerdusa yup Ayap sastqeapt ‘911d
B s19Bx9 ante Butkeag [Aq 398 01 api] UT ayeUL am op sastMordwI0D
IYAA ,{INO Bur]Jas,, saimnsuos aweyA\ =, BALAI, Jo suoRUYAP
sayIO Ose axe d19YJ, ‘Pedy ay2 UO WIY WY aUOdUIOS Avy Or
ueqa Armuadur ysnosyp a1 op o aAsay9 a10U sat Y|NSUFIp AOU aft]
sgoxoereyo vayeUU OI TULA NOA JT "]]eIe-ID10J aAJOAU! 01 2AeY2,USIOP
Jeatains uo pasoquas Auoas & IDR} UT "9DI0} Aer ULY AOU Saxe1
SIYL "Woy? aes 02 YBoUD aq 2,40M saraydg JeyDIeur YIM SYED
[88ns sraroeIeYD oUp ssajuN pue ‘1p 40 dary Ady

qau ‘uea] pu
Joyaya aed 2,Usd0p P]LOm dy |, "WALI Jo apts peg ay 01 ssaULap]IN
Jo Yorans ySnor e woy SuryrAue aq aystw sty J "sis Aep-or-Aep ev
SI JBALAINs a29Ya\ UO "wage snoDBUEP v UI dal] SIIeIeYD oY] "ELD
B aq pjnoys Jjasn aouasixg "s|jor AUPIGY pur s|aaoy] tpjeayy UeUP
SIOUL UO S191U99 [BALAINS 10} a]BINNIS e SuIGUOsap ajUoIYD y

[eataing «
"s[00q 201q] azndwod 02 suoseaL asnf ou ‘uoHeAdsuE puy {| 4ayp
"way? punoge ppom aya yal 29eIaIUI 02 sUOseaI PUY sIOIDeILYD
aup sy {8uojaq om ayy] [9aj sh ayeUL O2 axYe2 11 Sap IeY AA {aWOY
341] J99} AtTUNUIIOD v ayeUL 02 Op ami ULI IBY A\ {419190S INO Jo ayes
aq 1} Jays a4 PjNoYs yonw NOP "YASuans puy isnw ATuNUWOS
ayy ‘20u]d SuuNanu pue Sunsoddns-jjas e o1ur a1 wuoysuLTI or
‘AaUNUIOD dY2 JO} 2189 01 SpaaU BUOIWOS *ANUNOD aINUD Ue oO
$90]q Au19 aay v Woy SurypAue aq wed sty] "ware Aadwa Ayjemutds
B st away Jo ad4a sip Burzseydua Arorw ev 40} Bums YL

"auues sry ul UEWOduN Aypersadsa st AATUNUIUIOD Jo asUaS Y
Awrunuw0g
saphpout sawayp aBepy WOUND awOg
Asva 08 — saquiowias asnf -awotp ayp aziseydusa
yprym sodvospunu 10 suawo ‘sjoquis pue (y20q are0d10sU!
yotya) sdrysuonejar ‘(seumayip our ways and yoy) suonenais
*Qquiup 2 siakejd ay aox0} saoueIswNoND 40 suoReANOW
-jeuosiad asoyas) sia12eseYD YA duLeS ay OU! soULayD UasoYD
ano4 10M UeD NOX ,;pauaddey aeyp mas Jo Young v asn{,, st ‘Av
pjnom uosiad auo RY yp JO
suoneatiow aya yarn aziyreduuds 2,ued am J] "sy10M AIaP|ng

an

§4ois aya ‘sistuoSeque ay 10 $1929

"Buipunod
-B10gAo a]duns ev puofag aure8 nod ayeaa]a |]! ‘sauratp Jo sauias 10
‘owiatp Suons e ang ‘402s 1NOA Jo Aane
02 suaavay ay) WoY UMOP aUI09 02 sjadue aridsut or savy 3,uOp

4 24 We poojq jo siear daam

noA ‘apruoryp aBeyy & Ur dn awod jim rey soway auYop are
auayp ang ‘9]21UOIYD Jo Azoas v Burns Yaya Yeaid 01 davy a,uop
nog "Azors v ur dopaaap 02 sBurypa asaprey ayp Jo auo st awi9y_|

soUwoy,

satis Surwa.d Jo ssa901d oy jo Bur
-puvasiapun sng dojaaap ued Nos "waoy ue JayPOUR Jo a8pa]MoUy
ano4 uodn aveap wed NOA jf "OA Joy s10M IY JoyderdU ay 9s-)
"AuOYdurds & UI sTUDWIIAOU Jo $9119S B JO SOLIdS-TUILH Yoo D110
B Jo SUONNDaS ayH] ae soUdDs ay sdeysad 4G "MoYs UOIsIAd|—I v
10 Avjd v ayy] ‘side Jo sotzas v sv Auoas ap 99s 03 9s0OYp YsIW NO,
"yy1om ued ASojeue Aue ang ‘sty 40} AS]BUL AavsoI B OAL 01 pUdI
3 /M\ "]2!UOAYD v asodutod 914028 Jo Saas & PUL A018 v |]92 (,,SUOIS

-$98,, 10) staadeyp jo sazias v :sdaas om1a Jo sistsuo> ,9]21UOAYp,, v
jo aamonuis 21seq ay J "aMonus sey A1ors Aue "pM UtBaq OL
-soystinoy Yons Jo anyea aya UMOUX
avy aWH InoYsnomp s1a|fariorg "yoeqysey AfoyouEjpUr oy
JO pUIM Jo 3sn3 poum-[]am\ ayp Jo saMod ou areUTSaz9pun J9A9U
Swaas sluawal asayp se AreyuaUIpMy "astuoIYD papuarxo ue Ut
aue Aayp se iaadey uoyse ut [ryasn svasnf are anbru
-ypan pue awatp ‘pour ‘axaydsoune ‘ainronng
Bur]]arA101s pur saj>tuoryp jo sjeo3 Suryszes9A0
dup saquiawar 01 sdjay 1 ‘Bars v 40 Ystutys &
40} Buruueyd a,no4 sayy "UMO SH [JE WO} Ie
ue st oys-auo,, ay] "a]stuoIYyp AypSua] e or 8uN,
Auo> rnoYIM sures e Aejd ued NOA eI purUT
ur daay -aanzadsiad oyut sjeo8 wa-10ys anok
and 0} saisea s,11 ‘9]>1UOTYD MOA YALA UNI BuO] ay
ur Surop a4,n04 yey parenyead aa,nok 220,

SILIO]S

"asue jo uoowaye ue 1oU ‘aIMUDApE
uuia1-Buo] & 40y saxeu Aa1un Surpjing "sayposor siarsereyp oyp daay
Jey! san yp BuruaypZuans pur Surdjnuapr st aures ap ov eUodutt
10 ang ‘sHaxDeIeYD UdoAIAq UOISUAI Jo 11q apt] B LOY yauaG URI
sodnon atuog -1ayzo yore asurese sraeIEYD ay WAN] O2 IUEM AjduUIS
OYM s19]]14401g snotaap Aq paresyduios aq ueD UORMIS stp
‘rayioue arin st .s19Y10 YIM [Joa SurAepd rou, ang ‘Burp auo st
vjouNseg ‘aBequed oy!) spudny sty swan OY soIDEIeYD & BuLAE]d st
Surdejdajor ,shouas, jo uontuyap UoUIUOD e "YysnoUD A[SuIZeUIYy "asf
auokioaaare
saypprdiorg aya UL 9YDH]> 2UO

101 sey dno anos ut auoAI9Aa Ivy vapt ay stosi9AtUN
sfequy parneyg oy], «

-peaistit uatystduroooe ear UO snd0} pue ]>Aa]
somod ap umop 2[89g UIOd aup pass 94,Aoup ‘uM aueds sy UE
saajomazam ouidurea payttuumur 91ea19 09 autdse pue ssrey> ume] OVU!
sontdurea Sarum Jo satiois []91 01 941] s1aAe[d nod jf "A4ors Suyjaduios e
Sut]]91 Ut st ssaoons ann ay f "saxIAq AuoIs oyp axeUL I,usdop 49331q st91
-oereyp ap Suppew pue ‘sJastury weyp J9831q Sunpawios uo soyxer Oya
auOatHOS st O1aY Y ‘S19I9eIE

> Jenpratput Jo ssaoans ayp Aq paunseau
1,Ust Yaaamoy ‘ssa2ong "Addey axe sioWeS somod ‘sajna 9pAH] BYP IIe
Yala som aays aup Uo sopout9 apy ayp |]e J] YaIDeIY> a]qIouLAUT Ue
Suneaio sotiodag ssa9ang "ySnoud 3, ust asnf Aaypeas puiaq o2 Aa]Iqe ay 10
Anpeuourun ajduns ‘s1ahvjd awos 104 j29MH0g IW PAID [AIM «

"Adu 02 I]NOYyIP a10Ur sey
are ssijq pur a2uewoy "Aska st a8e1 10 as10WA [eploins SuLAvydo}oy
1YBI] aya 01 aseIIUOD aa13 03 a19Y SI ssaUyEP ay] "1 01 vad
s1a12eIeYD MOY WOY saw ALOIS ANOA Jo SurURAUE aYp SAuIsIOApE
Yum siaioereyp sasaa pplom ayy "Surupaw auow Kors ayy aad 10U
[1m 4aynp Kaos vSunpou iaaamop{ "19yxWep 1 Super Aq Suryjoduos
AOU aOIUOIYD ANOA ayew Or BuNdwoar sayz ‘ppm ay ul JOLOY,

pue Sunsayns Jo 10] & s,aI9y_ |YAwC] ayp Jo Burmwsql ayy, «

st SiaroeIeYD poo|q-pue-Ysoy Surdojaaag "a8uayjeyp e jo yonur
2,Us} Bey puke IYs!T] PeLAsNpUT Jo WUETeAINba Suypardsoag aya op
-3n0 01 BUIAL | {9109Ud Ue Jy OP NOK Op YA ‘svayfeY UI WIAA 981)
ue quioqa1y pu ionnsuoD UoZHOP] v Woy sdiysinoss sv9UIUg
Plo, [ears sanoeIeYD xp PeY A,NO4 sayy ‘onUNUOD or I[NOYyIP
Suour asnf ‘Buypyp axow ay axyeus auom APpInb apruoays anos
Suneyeosg "21 dor oy uoneadwiaa ayp skempe s,o19up ‘s1o19eIeYD ANOA

Jo} aBuaypeyD aasseur & pareasd 9A,nok UG :UOHYTLasy «

"‘Burpremas axoUw ey st siaroereYD Aes Ayeonpa,,
Bunearc "sea st sad{aoazais 3urquosag "yadap aaey pjnoys a1va19
nod as!uoSeaue Ara pue 41 puryag Aoesidsuod jesmreusadns e sey
p}om ayp ut wiajqord A190 ION "ppm fear ay UT staIDeIeYD JHsTU

-o3e]Ue 40} [eLaIeU Yon se ash s,azayp IY Yaaamoy "aquIAUIaY,


NO All

WZ ON

* Rebellion

Mages are distinctive because their vision extends beyond
the commonplace. Sleepers fall into the misconception that what
they see of the world is all that life has to offer. It's human nature

's different. How do the characters counteract that?

to reject whd
Nephandi luring mages to destruction and Technomancers ab-
ducting deviants are only part of the danger. What happens when
a cabal unleashes the power of magick and normal people around
them can't accept it? Any mage is a rebel, and rebellion can have
dire consequences. The risk is even greater because an Awakened
vainst conflicting philosophies.

human being doesn't just rebe
he rebels against reality itself
* Espionage
Who can you trust? The Technocracy has spies and agents
throughout the world seeking to subvert and infiltrate the Tradi-
tions. Those Traditions themselves are not models of cooperation;
rival Chantries plot and scheme, Marauders seed chaos where
, and Nephandi convert the powerful into their vile
religions. What happens when you can't trust anyone? What

order is strong,

happens when paranoia overwhelms reason? If "fighting the bad

guys" consisted of toting guns and setting explosive charges, the

Ascension War would be easy. Ina paranoid world, it's difficult to

tell who the "bad guys" are

unity

Through magick, anything is possible, including things that
should not be. Mages soon learn that our world is not the only
possible one, and that the boundaries of sanity are merely optional
The potential to lose control is there. What exists outside the space
and time we know? What happens when the force of the Wyld is
released on an unsuspecting world? Is the dynamic always prefer-
able to the static? When the Quiet descends on you, how do you

keep yourself from going insane? And who, exactly, are you to judge

ason?

the difference between madness and r
© Power
Imagine what it would be like to have the power to change the
world — if ordinary people were only pawns, and the world of spirits
was your playground, or the powers of science your playthings.
Underlying this is a most basic concept: you're only human. We all
know the cliché that "power corrupts," but how does it happen? If
we all know that this is true, why does it still happen so frequently?
There's one more complication: In the world of the game and the
real world, you do have the power to rebel against the established
order. So what are you going to do if you succeed?
© Identity
We determine who we are. Society determines who we are
tics is allegedly a factor, education and media are supposedly

influences, and our social status and the company we keep are
theoretically environments that shape how we think, feel, and
react. Now consider this: magick makes all things possible. How
does that affect (or corrupt) something as fragile and malleable as
a human being? In game terms, how much does a Tradition or a

mentor define a mage? Then there's the issue of compromise again.

Sacrificing for others, compromising for survival and even losing
yourself in your love for another person are all threats to the fragile
concept we call identity. This type of story takes roleplaying beyond
the simple limits of "class," "gender" and other stereotypes. The
result is a mirror to the world around us:

150 Mage: The Ascension


Concepts of
Mood and Atmosphere

If you're already familiar with White Wolf games, then you've
no doubt been inundated with the most common atmosphere used
by Storytellers. Yes, darkness is an easy atmosphere to evoke, but
thatdoesn'tmean ithas to be the only one in your repertoire. A story
can have any number of flavors of emotion, and whether you're
seasoning a scene or an entire story, you have choices:

* Basic Black

The world is just like ours, save for the fact that the shadows
are deeper, the suffering is greater, the Earth is dying, and the
destruction of all we know is justa whisper away. Skyscrapers tower
over the cityscape while the destitute huddle in the shadows
praying for a warm night. Set to the accompaniment of screaming
guitars, the world is a spiritually empty place where hope is the
most valued commodity of all.

Gothic-Punk isn't a mandate. It's an option. Other options
include:

© Energetic

The characters feel they can do just about anything. If the
chronicle oradventure is set ina Horizon Realm or the Otherworlds,
this may be they true... Paradox is a temporary setback. Doubt is a
passing phase. The biggest challenge for characters in this atmo-
sphere is to keep things under control when they work too well.
Remember "The Sorcerer's Apprentice?"

If you choose to set this type of adventure in the "real world,"
you can evoke this mood by downplaying Paradox a little. After
all, Paradox backlash can be customized to the type of game you
want to tun. If the adventure is set outside the consensual reality
paradigm of Sleepers, then a mage can be a useful ally to wraiths
or spirits, especially if she's brought her cabal along. Another
option is creating little "pockets of surreality" in the real world. In
the sanctum sanctorum ofa Hermetic mage, activities as simple as
sweeping the floor and carrying buckets of water can get out of
control if magick is involved. Enthusiasm, encouragement and a
rapid pace make a session energetic.

© Paranoid
The Technocracy
telephone:

s everywhere. They can listen in on
abduct your friends and brainwash them, turn society
against you, track you down like a bad check and convert you to
their way of life. And that's just the beginning.

noid campaign. If
ents take place and answers aren't forthcoming, even
t heroes tend to pause before taking any drastic
actions. Pay telephones that ring as characters go by, strangers who
swear they went to high school with you, shadowy figures on the
other side of the street and cryptic remarks from otherwise normal
people are a few examples. Exploiting the secrets of the characters,
"splitting up the party" and passing secret notes are other time-
honored techniques. Even if the characters have Awakened insight,
a mage's "sixth sense" doesn't have to give direct answers. Encoun-
ters with skeptical or querulous characters, alliances with new-found
friends who aren't entirely trustworthy, and situations where the
heroes dwell in moral ambiguity help create this atmosphere.

Cryptic clues and events help set up a para
mysterious
the most stal

° Spiritual

Few Sleepers realize the spiritual potential that surrounds us.
A mage is a keeper of mystic secrets and true knowledge. She
understands the forces of nature, the elements of the universe, the
power of life, the true meaning of death and the secrets of the occult.

That also makes her vulnerable to them. Knowledge is found in the
real world, but true knowledge lies waiting to be uncovered. Only
the visionaries among us can see things as they really are.

Spirit is most easily described in terms of metaphors. A
spiritual mood is best evoked by describing events and encounters
conceptually, not literally. Since mages have specific talents to
guide them toward insight — such as Awareness, the Spirit Sphere
and perception-based Effects — feel free to reward players when
they choose to use them. For some gamers, the simple experience of
havingascene described fully in terms of senses other than sightand
sound is enough to liberate them from traditional thinking. Em-
pathic characters also work well in this atmosphere. Any
conversation with a member of the supporting cast has an emo-
tional subtext, which means that empathic characters will be
playing a slightly different game from other types of characters. If
you can multi-task your description of scenes, the environment of
a simple encounter can be transformed to a spiritual event.

© Sensual

True power comes from passion. Mages are not ethereal
creatures removed from reality. They're mortal. While other
supernatural beings may have tainted emotions, only a mortal can
truly understand anger, lust, envy and fear. The power of rework-
ing reality doesn't have to be an abstract intellectual process. It
can instead be the fulfillment of any desire.

The concept of contrasting the exotic with the common-
place isextremely useful in creating this mood. A sensual adventure
must keep its ties to the real world. Comparing the ordinary world
of Sleepers to the epiphanies of magickal Awakening makes mages
more exotic. Even if the characters venture into another world,
the real world should be waiting for them upon their return to put
things in perspective. Encounters with normal people allow the
characters to keep in touch with "human" emotions, and interac-
tion with the awestruck, envious and impressed can make a hero
feel "more than human." Acting out the supporting cast in this
type of adventure is also easier if you can put a bit of emotive
memory or sympathy behind each performance. Make the real
world concrete, and the sensual world will be intensified.

© Tragic

A tragic mood is often the result of the way a tragic plot is
structured. This type of story usually centers around a hero failing
despite her best intentions. That hero hasan inner flaw that she can't
overcome or believes in an ideal that's too lofty — true love, a highly
developed sense of honor, or anything else skeptics tell us isa lie. The
hero will suffer for the sake of that idea or flaw. Before the hero's
ultimate destruction, however, she will usually understand why she
failed. This catharsis leads to discovery of the self, and the hero
ultimately triumphs even in the midst of failure. A tragic ending is
typically bittersweet: if done artfully, the suffering makes it even more
beautiful. Points for style. Points for substance. Standing ovation.

* Fragile Hope

The Awakened realize the possibilities of life. The Gothic-
Punk world is filled with despair and corruption. Many "heroes" are
actually tortured souls who spend just as much time fighting their
own internal struggles as they do fighting the world around them
Mages don't have the immortality or power of these dark heroes, but
they have one huge advantage: they're human. They live in a mortal
world where compassion and hope are practical aspects of life, not
mere trappings left behind. For mages, however, part of the darkness
comes from self-doubt or the results of false pride. Hope is fragile, but
it gives courage to those who never give up in the face of adversity.

Chapter Seven: Storytelling 151

D.WED

Q


152

Mage: The Ascension

This slightly ambiguous approach can be aided greatly by

dialogues. "Mouthpiece" characters in your supporting cast can
help set them in motion. The supporting characters have person
ality, but also converse with the cabal at length to discuss a
particular point of view. An innocent person seeking knowledge
can put the heroes in an encounter where they must explain basic
ideas in their life. A person driven by guilt or doubt will question
the actions of the characters, sparking discussion of the morality
and ethics of their actions. Authoritarian figures will demand
explanations for a character's actions, forcing him to justify what
he has done. The player then analyzes the motivation of his
character, turning a series of events into a look in the mirror

Story Concepts

Now we enter the realm of the single session. There's an endless
number of stories you can run, but some ideas are more obvious than
others. If you need to prime the pump, the supplements to this
tulebook and the suggestions below are good places to start. If you
want to begin with the time-honored formulas, that's another
option. Hopefully, though, you'll move from the obvious to the
innovative. To set you on your way, here are a few simple adventure
ideas. Build on them long enough, and you'll make them your own

© The Death of a Mentor

A character's mentor has been slain. The story begins with a
recollection of why the mentor was important and may involve a
scene or item that conjures images of a message from her. The next

stepcan bea mystery in which the killer is hunted down, aquest that

involves finding a lost item that was stolen, a mission of vengeance
against the killers, or even revelations about the mentor's true
nature. The character's lingering respect for the teacher and thirst
for further knowledge open up a variety of story options.

* Protecting the Neighborhood

The chara
place of importance. The area around this place is threatened by
some outsider, either asa result of self-interest or self-preservation,

cters either have a Chantry or have access to a

or because the location is a sustaining part of a larger area. The
nst the bad

resolution can be anything from ng a stand a
guys to journeying into another Realm to recover the ethos that
was lost. The problem may be a simple miscommunication, or the

outcome may depend on bringing wisdom to the foolish. The
reward is gratitude, wisdom, safety or knowledge.

* Rescuing a Fallen Comrade

n captured
This can be the result of anything from a Technocracy operation to
a falling-out with a hive of nasties. Stealth, force, reason and

A Chantrymate, acolyte, lover or friend has t

ingenuity are possible means to find a solution. There are other
potential complications. The victim might be brainwashed, or may
have even left of her own volition! This type of adventure can be
anything from a tactical exercise to a psychological dilemma

* Defeating Your Enemies

This can involve far more than just stomping bad guys
Traditions have conflicting goals, Chantries have politics, Sleep-
ersact out of ignorance, the world is corrupted with spiritual taint,
and even Tradition mages can be corrupted by power. Combat is
the most obvious way to solve this type of problem... and the most
foolish. A more devious resolution may involve gathering allies,
coming to an understanding with antagonists, humiliating en-
emies to prevent them from acting again, or even converting them

to your way of thinking. Posturing
showing wit and wisdom.

nd posing is no substitute for

* Unleashing Chaos

Imagination and brilliance are often stifled by stasis or corrup-
tion. The solution is chaos. The characters may be in the frame of
mind to bring havoc to a place trapped by reason, rescue a mythic
creature, bring the force of the Wyld into the world or even journey
into the mindscape of someone who has lost the will to keep up the
good fight against stasis or entropy. This type of story also has the
potential to produce intriguing results: the chaos, once unleashed,
asily controlled or contained again.

may not be
* Restoring Order
Reality has a limit to what it will tolerate. The supernatural,
t magickal activity, can threaten the
safety of Sleepers, or even the world as a whole. One faction's

triumph often means the downfall of another. Restoring the
balance or bringing order can involve stopping criminal activity,
restraining a mage who has lost control, or putting an end to a
supernatural or magickal threat. This type of story becomes even
more complex if the characters find out that someone who's a
perceived "thre

son for placing others in jeopardy...
Variety

I could not believe in a God that could not dance.

— Nietzsche, Thus Spake Zarathustra

Havinga variety of stories ina chronicle helps to keep it alive.
No doubt each player has a particular preference and specialty, so
different types of adventures give different players a chance to
show off their talents. As long as each hero gets a moment in the
limelight, and as long as the overarching theme of the chronicle
is preserved, changing your approach for a few sessions will help to
make for a dynamic campaign.

A chronicle will cycle through different phases, ranging from
the simple and fun to the sublime and mythical. Changing your

approach to suit the story makes for an artful chronicle. You might
focus on mood and atmosphere to unveil a dark and sinister
chronicle, but this task is easier if you occasionally throw in a
different type of adventure, whether it's a session cooked for manic
chaos or created to bring salvation to a tragic hero. If the last four
sessions in a chronicle have been getting progressively more bleak,
a session that's fast and furious can bring a welcome respite. If the
last session you did was an intense combat session, juxtaposing it
against a freeform spiritual journey can keep your players' interest
in the overall structure of the chronicle. Challenge yourself. Taking
on a variety of new tasks will help you grow as a Storyteller.

The One-Shot

You don't have to put your chronicle in jeopardy to experi-
ment with a different approach. "One-shot" adventures offer
opportunities that chronicles don't have. With a one-shot game,
you can show off your talent to a new group of players, or give your
old ones an opportunity to do something different for an evening.

Although aone-shot chaptercan tie in to your regularchronicle,
you might decide to do something completely unrelated. It's hard,
for instance, to justify tying in your epic adventure of politicians in
Doissetep to an adventure set in 17th-century France starring a
cabal of Akashic Brothers armed with sabers and dueling pistols.
You may not want to bring the troupe's ongoing characters into an
adventure in which a pack of shapechanging dinosaurs assault
Atlantic City (and you may not want New Jersey to be destroyed in
your campaign). No one can live entirely on myth.

There's also a chance to switch to a very different viewpoint
in the World of Darkness. Maybe your players should be playing
Sleepers for a session... or Technomancers... ot whatever. If you
begin to feel a tinge of burnout, or if your players get a little restles

range a vacation in a one-

ona long trip through your chronicle,
shot adventure.

Advanced Techniques

Only he can command who has the courage to disobey
— William McDougall

More complicated tricks of the trade can make
a story impressive. If you decide to go for a higher
level of difficulty, the support of your troupe can
make the task much easier. Handling an advanced
technique isn't something you do completely on
your own — you'll need skillful roleplayers to pull
these off. Otherwise, all you'll be doing is talking to
yourself. Plan these carefully, execute them grace-
fully and you'll create a story your players will remember.

Foreshadowing

Timing is everything. Foreshadowing is a part of timing, or,
more specifically, a way to subtly introduce something before it
happens.

Time magick is an easy way to work foreshadowing in; if a
character predicts what happens before it happens, what do you
do? The easiest method is to describe foreshadowed events in
general terms. Since magick is capricious, the event may very well
be in the near future... or further along in the adventure. The

complex version of foreshadowing involves playing free will against

determinism. Ifa mage has the ability to predict the future, is she
liberating herself with the knowledge or condemning herself to a
predicted outcome?

The most useful application of this device is "setting up" an
element of your story. When an event is foreshadowed, you may
convey a clue, or an emotion, without setting off a full realization
of what's going on. The easiest events to foreshadow are dark one:
They'te also the easiest events to overemphasize. If the sky turns
gray, clouds roll in, a raven lands in front of the characters, and
thunderstrikes, everyone is pretty much clued in towhat's goingon.
If foreshadowing is cryptic and vague, it's easier to set up anticipa-
tion without alarm. Ifa raven swoops down from a street sign and
grabs a newspaper out of a character's hands, how should that
character react? Is it just a chance event, or is fate trying to tell the
characters that something is at hand? As foreshadowing becomes
more subtle, it draws upon other techniques...

Symbolism

Symbolism is another type of metaphor, a very facile one.
Having something represent something else is a well-established
literary technique, and it's amazing how much impact it can have.
Ona small scale, you can try to convey an idea without smacking
anyone in the forehead. Take the example of the raven swooping

Chapter Seven: Storytelling 153

DWE

from the street sign. How are the mages supposed to interpret that?
Are they scrambling for more knowledge than they can use wisely?
Issomething malevolent going to destroy what they've fought for?
Orhasa random bird suddenly gained a predilection for newsprint?
The player's interests are piqued, and one seemingly random event
adds to the mood and atmosphere of the story.

On a grander scale, symbolism is used to address themes and
issues. Remember, meaning in a story doesn't have to be an overt
message. Moods and themes can be pervasive without being
blatantly introduced. Try to figure out what concerns the players
personally. What are their fears, needs, desires and loves? Repre-
sent these symbolically. This might be an overpowering (and
usually unpleasant) experience, or it may be a gentle theme that
resonates through the chronicle. When symbolism is used well, it
conveys meaning without preaching.

Flashback

Timing is even more critical in a flashback sequence. A
flashback is an excellent way to roleplay scenes in a character's past
and present a new perspective on a current story. The technique
involves constructing an additional storyline. You can either tell
the second story directly, or you can have the players roleplay it.

It's even possible to run a flashback story with a second group
of characters. The story can be played in a single chapter, or the
scenes of the flashback can be interspersed with the scenes of the
main story. Regardless of how you structure it, the technique is
easier to pull off if the flashback story connects to the main story,
preferably by theme, subject or mood. Each story should illustrate
an essential feature of the other.

An even harder approach is to have the events of the flashback
affect the events of the main story. The players will consciously
separate the two groups of characters, but thematically, the mood will
carry over between the two stories. This takes a great deal of improvi-
sation, but it makes the story more compelling. Artfully executing this,
draws upon some of the skills required for the next technique...

Parallel Story

A parallel story, much likea flashback, is played out asa second
story alongside the first. However, the second story takes place at the
same time as the original one does. Thus, the two stories start out as
separate and seemingly unconnected events, but eventually relate
toeach other. You may not want to conclude the parallel story until
near the end of the game session, because that parallel story adds
focus to the central story, enhancing its theme and power.

Dream Sequence

Another challenge is to have the players roleplay through a
dream of one of the characters, or perhaps one of the cabal's
antagonists. This can be done in the same manner as a parallel
story or flashback. There are many reasons why you might want to
roleplay dreams, but the opportunity to get the players to focus on
the personalities of their characters is perhaps the most useful. The
dream world draws upon the archetypal and the unconscious. It's
an opportunity for mystical revelations, portents, or even commu-
ihypomething primal. The laws of reality are far more
bith gives the Storyteller freedom to deviate from
Mhiques. Whether you choose to see dreams as a
a potential weapon, a gateway to another reality
ental manipulation, dreams open a variety of
for innovative Storytellers.

The Ascension

Alternative Settings

One strength of Mage is the vast and varied amount of back-
ground available. Not every game has to be a mystical trip through
"90s technopunk. This book has an essential framework well-suited
toabasic game. Itcan also be used to launch cutting-edge stories and
innovative interpretations. The one-shot is ideal for this type of
work; it doesn't place an ongoing chronicle in jeopardy, and gives
everyone a breather ifa chronicle is getting intense. The Storyteller
ssion and radically
s, and players can

can disregard the game's continuity for a s
change her approach to using the rules, if she li
take a break from their usual characters. If the experiment is a
smashing success, it may even lead to a second chronicle (run by you
or somebody else) or vastly alter your main storyline.

Most of the material in this book is based on the assumption
that the average game will start in the late 20th or early 21st
century in a world much like ours with standards similar to ours.
There are, of course, other possibilities.

© Historical Settings

Mage has a heavy emphasis on history (see Chapter Three).
The most common use of history is background; it justifies the
present and gives the players a sense of the world. However, it's just
as possible to run a game set earlier in history. It might tie into the
background of your ongoing chronicle, or may explore an alternate
history. What was it like to live in a world where the Mythic Age
was dying? How did the hidden art of magick influence the Renais-
sance? How did the Victorian Era change when the Technocracy
was first formed? Were the 1930s a Golden Age for the Sons of
Ether? How did the Technocracy affect the Cold War? Where will
the World of Darkness be in the near future?

There are certainly many supplements dealing with these
issues, but how you choose to interpret the answers is up to you
History is a set of guidelines for you to accept or reject. Whether
you choose to set an entire chronicle in another era, link series of
historical adventures with a continuing group of characters, or
alter the past to affect the present, history can easily be another
playground for your imagination.

Imaginary Settings

One world is never enough. Mage has a complete background,
but the system can be used for just about anything. Take a trip through
your bookshelf. Have you worn out your copy of the Dictionary of
Imaginary Places? Are your Calvin and Hobbes books getting severely
dog-eared? Is there a notebook for a campaign you ran 10 or 20 years
ago buried under your bed? With magick, all things are possible.

The details of the Mage background are, ultimately, only
guidelines. If you want, reject the entire background, orsetit aside.
You may get strange looks if you tell other gamers that your
chronicle is based on a popular fantasy trilogy, or that you're
drawing maps of Atlantis for your dolphin characters in Ascension
Under the Waves, butas longas youcan finda troupe that's willing
to follow you there, the worlds you describe in the privacy of your
own home are your own damn business.

© Otherworldly Settings

The World of Darkness consists of many spirit Realms.
Werewolf contains a great deal of information about the Umbra of
the Garou, and Wraith unleashes revelations about the Shadowlands
of the Restless Dead. Both worlds are detailed in Mage as well. If
you're quite adventurous, youcan setan entire chronicle outside the
mortal world. It's difficult, but do-able. With the Sphere of Spirit,
a mage of the appropriate paradigm can travel just about anywhere.

These techniques can also be used in conjunction with other
games. Shifting the point of view addsa whole new tilt to your story.
Any city will have a number of supernatural problems. If one
Storyteller runs the chronicles, the players may have characters
from different Storyteller games in their stable. One week, a
Chantry of mages might be investigating a spiritual attack on their
city; the next, the Chantry's Dreamspeaker might work with a pack
of Garou in the Umbra to solve another aspect of the same problem.
If more than one Storyteller is involved, each can work as a
specialist for a different background. Troupe Storytelling works just
as well when each contributor specializes in a different game. Mage
can be run in conjunction with any other Storyteller game. If a
Euthanatos leaves the Chantry for a month, she might show up in
another player's Wraith game or a brief Vampire adventure. For
further ideas, see Chapter Nine.

Resolution

Nostory iscomplete withouta resolution. The

events of the story may have loose plot threads, and
the antagonist may not be utterly defeated, but the
story can still end with a sense of completion. A
chronicle must reach some resolution as well. In the
ideal chronicle, that resolution comes when the
meaning behind the series of stories is crystal clear.
Notevery chronicle reaches that apex, or has to, for
that matter, but completion brings a sense of «

complishment and satisfaction.

Some Storytellers get lost along the way. Branching out further
and further from the original chronicle concept is a common distrac-
tion. This is a valid approach, but maintaining a clear focus can
ensure the chronicle's longevity. The alternative can be a growing
sense of obligation to resolve every plot thread, no matter how minor.
One lesson b ting, then: depth is richer than detail

ars repe:

the main characters are the

Remember one key concep

core
of the stories you tell. In this game, and the others in the series,
there's a heavy emphasis on defining and developing a character.
Ifa player can sympathize with that character and make her "teal,"
then the character resembles a real person. And a real person

never stops learning and never stops growing.
Ofcourse, while stories resolve, even'a completed chronicle can
still gofurther. If yourcharactersstayed at the center of the chronicle,
any resolution you give is, in essence, a temporary one. If you care
about the characters, there are always new directions in which you
can take them. Ifa character has ideals, she can always a way to refine
those ideals further. So long as your characters have authenticity, a
chronicle may continue, even long after you've set it aside...

«and if you take the strength of idealism and the energy of
telling a story back with you into the real world, there will always
be a way in which to draw upon that, even long after the game has
been set aside.

To summarize, then. When telling a story, follow a few basic
principles:

Create myth. Inspire ideals. Entertain. Summon darkness.
Intensify light. Evoke passion. Use empathy. Guide the story. Defy
reality.

The rest is just details.

Chapter Seven: Storytelling 155

Book Three: The Machine

The Cyborg
<<REALITY DEVIANT SPOTTED
COORDINATES: 4629°N—3649°V—4562°H
INITIATE TERMINAL MEASURES>>

Something moved among the stinking rubbish heaps. X344 jerked his head to the side, shining a
blast of pure white light into the alleyway. Rain broke the light at random intervals. On command, his
field neutralizer systems kicked on, giving him some measure of protection against incoming procedures.

The fugitive, however, remained hidden.
<<SCAN??>> He inquired. The tracking system responded
with a barrage of feed-grids punched through rapid-read.
Nothing.
<<INFRARED/ULTRAVIOLET/HEAT. GO>> he
ordered the internal machine. It cycled through the
obvious scan combinations, tracking across the filthy
alley. An ant-tickle of sweat crept from X344's
forehead, marching down his face. He willed
himself not to move, not to betray his presence
with a careless wipe.

The enemy would not
show himself. Had the
computer made an error?
<<ALERT!
DISTURBANCE OVERHEAD!>>

A slight ripple coursed across X344's
scalp and neck. He dodged to the side as
a blast of sudden flame burst from the
sky, impacting where the cyborg had
stood. He landed wetly in the
muddy trash. The cardboard made a
mushy sound as the boxes gave way,
drenching him in reeking filth.

Suddenly the filth was alive.

At first, X344 mistook the
wail for a distant siren; the
screeching ululation should not
have come from any human's throat. As
the sodden trash took on a single, mali-
cious life and slammed him to the
pavement, the cyborg realized that the
deviant — wherever it was — was
summoning some extra-dimensional
obscenity.


All sensors went haywire; the neutralization systems sizzled as animate

cardboard slapped him with rusted metal and blades of glass. Bits of rancid food
slid from the golem's paws as X344 rolled to the side, struggling to rise from the
puddled alley floor.

<<INITIATE PLASMA SEQUENCE 435X4>> A whirring
hum and reality ripple were the machine's reply.

<<PARADOX EFFECT PROBABILITY?>>

23.04678% ENGAGE?

<<HELL, YES!>>

Life was full of chances. The deviant had gone vulgar. Two
could play that game, though, and X344 was not about to roll
over and die.


Chapter Eight:

hoy

ll SZ

Magick Rules

To work magic is to weave the unseen forces into form;

to soar beyond sight; to explore the uncharted dream realm of

the hidden reality; ... to be both animal and god. Magic is the

craft of shaping, the craft of the wise, exhilarating, dangerous
the ultimate adventure

Starhawk, The Spiral Dance

War

" can't believe it's come to this," whispered
Clarissa as she looked across the empty dance floor at
Peter Kobie. Light from the club's glitterball reflected

dim light on their faces

"Believe it, babe," he grinned. "You know, you
always were my favorite groupie. I hope this won't be

too hard on you."

"1 was your student. Your apprentice. Your
lover," she countered, moving closer to him

"Stand right where you are," Peter shouted, and Clarissa obeyed
unable to move. Desperately, she thought of anything she could do

against his years of wisdom, his ability to know her thoughts even before

she did. He laughed as he circled her. As she watched him move, she
caught his ctions in the large mirrors all around the bar. The way
the mirrors hung, it looked as if there were a half-dozen Peter Kobies
standing there. Clarissa smiled.

As she acted, she knew there would be a terrible price to pay. But
the backlash might be worth it. At her beckoning, the myriad reflections
from the glitterball caught her image and splashed it onto the mirrors,
reflecting an infinite number of Clarissas around the bar and dance
floor. His concentration broken, Kobie thrashed out, seeking his former
student's true form. But the ghostly images laughed at him, mocking
him, as Clarissa herself fled for the door, her face wet with tears at
leaving behind the love she'd once known

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 159

CM —————


True Magick alters reality through enlightened force of will.
Whatever a mage wishes to be will be ifhe has the knowledge, skill
and luck to pull it off. The static limitations of magic with a"c" do
not apply to willworkers, who rework reality by desire, not by rote.
Though the True Mage risks Paradox backlashes for changing
things too suddenly, the Tapestry is literally at his fingertips.

The rules for magick in Mage are also free-form — there are
no lists of spells, components or necessary rituals. Each mage
tailors reality to his or her design; the specifics of an Effect's form
rest within his personal style, not in some arbitrary spell list.

REE Although this chapter does offer a variety of magickal Effects,
MEE Mage characters are not limited to them. The spells your character

casts are his own. The only limitations within this system are those
of the character's knowledge and skill (his Sphere ratings and
Arete), the boundaries of reality (reflected by Paradox and the
restrictions of the Spheres) and the good sense and imagination of
your group.

This last element cannot be overstated; one power-hungry or
unimaginative player can ruin everybody's game. Mage is designed
for maximum storytelling potential, not for chart-checking or
rules-mangling. The spirit of the game is ruined (though some
themes, perhaps, are reinforced) when one or two playerseither sit
the game out or deliberately pervert these rules. Magick should be
— must be — an Art, not a list of powers. Players and Storytellers
alike are advised to let imagination, balance and a sense of drama
guide their magicks.

Some Things to Know

A few key concepts could use some explanation before get to
the nuts and bolts of the system itself. These concepts aren't rules
in and of themselves, but they will make understanding the rules
a bit easier.

The Cinematic Example

Coincidence can be a trick
Technocratic para 3
There remain
than technoma

(The Geographical Magick and
which areas fall under which eg
Tn i
cong BES where the scientific mode of reality defines
Rin ee eae that you can get away with small gear
(hoes ae ose in the average action-adventure fil
ante iy Live Twice, Die Hard, etc.). Some oa
on posible but those with some apparent ky,
an go hee
mop Oloey can go.a bie further than ones ther neve'

utra-

ase in

from

ae .

aes agentes, like the Terminator and Indiana
ASE imit

ecu Tate the upper limits. of coincidence

rechnol iG
placesy-some ak 8Y OF mysticism holds sway. In these

Wild § ‘0 the local beliefs
China, Wilow ig Star Wars, Big Trouble in Lit
eae Q ler, etc. —
ti : 80 ov e
dich, = vulgar anywhere in the cnasetia mee aa
Is ve some risk , and wi
Earth's reality is just (oo ee Wo 2 mage who performs them.

‘atic to acc
lox."

Paradigm and Style

Mages are magickal, so it is a disservice to the character and
to the story to describe a wizard calling elemental vengeance from
the skies with, "I'm using Forces 2, Prime 2, to blast him with a
lightning bolt." Dramatic (and consistent) descriptions of your
mage's willworkings involve more than just good roleplaying; they
require some idea about the character's beliefs.

Say the mystick in question was a Hermetic Master; he might
inscribe an ornate circle with a specially prepared knife or bit of
chalk, then call upon the secret name of the Archangel Gabriel.
An aboriginal Dreamspeaker might enter a trance and summon
angry spirits to smite his foe, while a Son of Ether would pull out
his meteorological acceleration ray, aim itat the sky and pull down
some charged electrons. An Iteration X HIT Mark would not even
bother with the sky; he would simply point his cybernetic electron
gun at his enemy and blast her to cinders. Four paradigms, four
styles. Two would be vulgar under most circumstances, while the
fourth would usually be considered coincidental, and the third
would be open for debate. All four mages, however, have used the
same Effect, with different results.

Determining your mage's style is essential in the beginning. The
character's philosophy will govern his magick — not only how it
appears, but how it is performed and what it can and cannot do. As
a mystick learns more about the subjective nature of reality, his
understanding expands to the point where he does not need a style
— he realizes that all styles are indeed one. At that point, he can
choose to cast aside the rituals and objects of power he once used (see
"Foci"). Even after he reaches this realization, he may still use that
familiar style to focus his intentions better — i.e., he may gain an
additional modifier when casting a spell. Up until that point,
however, a mage's Art, and the way he uses it, depends upon hisstyle.

The "Storytelling Magick" section later in this chapter will
go over the subject in more detail, but for now, keep your
character's view of magick in mind when using it. A sorcerer's
paradigm can often spell the difference between coincidental and
vulgar magicks. And that makes all the difference in the world for
a mage who wishes to survive!

Coincidental and Vulgar Magicks

Reality, being fluid, will flow more easily through a subtle
channel (coincidental magick) than through a sudden breakwater
(vulgar magick). A wise mage uses the normal flow of events to
mask her magick; simply yanking the Tapestry's threads out is
asking for trouble.

Coincidental magick is magick that could pass for some normal
occurrence. The mage may know that she's casting an Effect, but
someone watching would see something that could conceivably
happen. Exactly what things could "conceivably happen" depends
on the form the magick takes and what the observer will accept.

If your mage's Effect seems coincidental — a sudden Life-
induced sneeze that just happens to distract a guard, a blast of
energy that just happens to come from some high-tech weapon —
your magick will be easier to cast and less likely to cause Paradox.

Vulgar magick is obviously extraordinary and wrenches reality
out of joint. Even ifa mage works vulgar magick in secret, that magick
becomes more difficult than if he did something coincidental. If he
does it out in the open, in front of Sleepers, it gets downright risky.

As you can see, it's in a mage's best interest to couch her Art
in some way that disturbs reality as little as possible. Sometimes,
however, pride, desperation or stupidity make a mystick push her
luck. She may get away with it; then again, she may not...


Creating Magickal Effects

You sealed your doom
Your time has come

YHVH

So itis done

So. It. Is. Done!

— Plasmatics, "Incantation"

Although their Awakening tells them other-
wise, mages know they are bound by certain
A imitations when they work their Art: the current
of reality, which is not altered easily, the modern disbelief in
miracles and their own limited understanding of the world around
them. Thes

s, merely obstacles.
Cleverness and confidence are essential when a mage casts an
Effect. The latter is usually expressed in the beliefs and style which
guide her magick; the former is common sense. It is almost always

boundaries are not solid wa

easier to go with the flow than to resist it.

Despite a variety of modifiers, the core of the Mage magick
system is simple:

* Step One: Decide what you want to do and how.

© Step Two: Check to see if your character knows how to do
what you want her to accomplish.

© Step Three: If your character has the know-how, roll her
Arete verses the given difficulty (usually the highest Sphere +3, 4
or5). If you succeeded, find out what happened. If not, same thing.

© Step Four: Reap the benefits or consequences of youractions.
That's

This system works off of the idea that magickal feats rearrange
reality. The more reality you try to change at once, the harder your

's it. The rest is window dressing.

feat will be to accomplish. Mundane Effects are easy, and bigger ones
take more time and effort to pull off. Really earth-shattering Effects
remain possible, but the mage attempting them had better be
skillful and lucky. Sudden changes are also possible — they're just

lever,

riskier and more difficult, and the consequences of failure become

ke from it what you will.)

more severe. (There's a metaphor here

The chart on page 169 presents this process in shorthand.
Here, we'll go through the rules step by step. Few of them will apply
to every casting. Once your troupe understands these basic rules,

magickal Effects will go quickly and with a minimum of hassle.

Some of the rules below are optional only; these Storyteller-
governed possibilities have asterisks near their headings.

Helpful Terms

This chapter addresses the
Four. Restating a few terms, however,
combination of enlightenment a

Arete: The c
« Sphere: One of the nine commonly understood

. sick being used

@ Effect: The result of some magic F

© Conjunctional Effect: An Effect which uses more &
© Rote: A famous Effect that has gone int

© Coincidental magick: An Effect that co

et pack; int

Examples: Strapping on a jet pack; influe

1; healing a sick man through the power of God.

« Vulgar magick: An Effect

Jes: Flying throu
Ea Sree yo ae

pistol

an open wound with a pa:

Jes of True Magick. The concepts behind those rules are explaine:
rul a

ight be helpful to new players
ih ‘ad will that allows a mage (0 Pe

elements of reality:
("A Forces 4 Effect"); also, aro
han one Sphere
general usage. Also called a pr
wuld be accepted as normal, if un
fluencing a cab driver to pick y

that obviously defies reality as we
ih the air without assistance;

Step One:
What Do You Want fo Do and How?

First, decide what you want your character to do and how you
want him to do it. This involves both roleplaying and judgment.

Description

Describe the Effect your mage is trying to perform. How does
it look? What did she do to make it happen? Did she simply snap
her fingers, or did she lay out an elaborate ceremonial circle, call
the comers and chant an invocation to the Goddess? This step is
mostly roleplaying, but will make all the difference in the longrun,
and will make fora more exciting story as well. (See "Storytelling
Magick.")

The way the mage casts his magick will have a lot to do with
the base difficulty of the roll. If he uses coincidental magick, or at
least avoids showing off too much for the Sleepers, that difficulty
will decrease. If he casts his Art under unusual circumstances, the
difficulty goes up. If he ties to do something really monumental —

causing an earthquake, let's say —he may need to use an extended
roll (see Chapter Five) to do it. In this case, the difficulty
increases, but any successes rolled count towards the total. A
botch wipes the whole thing out.

Simultaneous Effects

‘A mage can cast only one Effect per turn, even if she has used
Time magicks to speed herself up (reality is already "preoccupied"
when it's in a different time frame). She can keep as many Effects
"cunning" atone timeasshe wants, though it becomes more and more
difficult to do (+1 additional difficulty for every two Effects in use).

Casting Time

A spell may take as little or as much time as the mage requires
to cast it. Elaborate preparations may modify the difficulty (see
below), although some forms of magick, like Hermetic high
magick or spirit-channeling, might demand extra time by their
very nature. In this case, there is no modifier unless the mage takes
time and effort above and beyond the usual requirements (see
"Foci," under "Storytelling Magick.").

rform magick.

te that uses only one Sphere.
("Forces 3, Life 2") at once.
ocedure by the Technocrats-
usual, bya mundane observer.
ith Mind magick; firing a

ou up WI

know. it.

creating a cab out of thin air; conjurins

DWE

D.IWWA

din greater detail in Book One, Chapter

blast ray froma high-tech

a ball of fire and throwing it; closing

WX Z

Step Two:

Do You Know Enough
to Do What You Wanted?

In this step, figure out if your character can do what you
wanted him to do, and whether or not he's successful.

The Spheres

The mystick Spheres reflecta mage's understanding of reality's
elements. The more he knows about a given thing, the higher his
Sphere rating will be. Provided he knows what he's doing, a mage
can do anything his Sphere rating allows him to do.

The parameters of what the Spheres can and cannot do are
covered at the end of this chapter

Mundane Knowledge ()

Some really complicated feats — like creating a functioning
computer from scratch — may require some mundane knowledge
in addition to the magickal know-how. In the case of the instant
computer described below, Cheshire's Storyteller may demand

that he have the Technology and Computer Knowledge Traits

before he could create a working laptop; merely understanding the
principles of Matter will not tell you how such a complex device
functions. Without some grounding in computer technology,
Cheshire's laptop will look nice and may even run, but it won't be
compatible with other computers or software, and anything other
than simple equations will be beyond it

Hy

Li)
Yip!
2 yy,

Most magicks are simple enough to be done without special

skills; only truly complex feats demand such knowledge. Storytell-

ers should let common sense, rather than hard rules, dictate when
and how mundane Knowledges would be necessary. Although
really advanced feats — like creating a computer — might demand
three or more dots in a particular Trait, no roll is needed
Common mundane skills include Technology, Culture, Fire-
arms, Repair, Cosmology, Computer, Medicine, Expression and
Science. Feats which might require mundane Knowledges include
creating nuclear weapons (Technology, Science: Physics and

Metallurgy), living clones (Medicine, Science: Biology) or work-

ing cars (Technology, Repair); re-configuring a person's psyche
(Intuition, Expression and maybe Science: Psychology); creating
a book (Culture, Expression) or stylish clothes (Etiquette, Cul
ture); and summoningan archangel or mythic creature (Cosmology,

Enigmas and maybe Occult)

Osing a Trait ©
Mages can also utilize their skills to make their magicks easier

(see "Permutations"). For now, just remember that such actions
take place during this step

Step Three:
Did You Succeed?

Did it work? Ifso, how well? Did it fail? Ifso, how badly? This
step involves the success — or lack thereof — of the character's

ickal feat

c

"NN |!

AS

yprseyy aysIq Jaxdeyo,

"poafoaur xpisew aya uo Sut
f) Jo peaasul sinoy own-owed aye2 Aew |Jor aUO IeYyA
Bip} [2244015 ay *[]!41 Jo side |nyramod s9yRO pue sone
DUO} ‘sBurureip apo, ‘sayoueas 2ouapuodsax10c,

AJoyaiat-zayzvaai ‘suOReaID xo[duwo9 ‘sSuruourUINs

aphpour s[jor papuarxa asinbar aysiu yoy sy>1seyy

qof aup ystuy
ssaoons Ysnoua SuLayIEs ‘|Jor popuarxa ue ayeur snus JAE]
Joy ‘SuUa} atHES UT {eNIE PeyDIHEUT aWLOS YOM O1 seY aYs ‘sta
42018 Uy "paavons 07 aun eAIxXa ayer IsNU JAISeD ay IEP |nLamod
40 poreotduroo os are sy21eur aUIOs "19AIMO}] *(sa88999NS AAY 01

duo) Aanayyip apy] YIN sieay asour Yst|dwtosse ues aseu y
Sloe YISe Popugyxy pue spenyrey

uonidnusip ayp 24ofaq pajjor uaaq pey
a9ns ay} UO paseg aq pjnom ‘aseo styp Ut ‘9%

wep
19191 0 aN Aso] Afax9]duIO9 st a4 AeYD JO "ssaoons perued & >y!]
‘q2ayo porn] Ayuo sey yo! ay eU owuNsse ‘spaau ay sassaons

ewig] ‘aoua

atp stayed ay a1ojoq attews axp sdors aucatuos J] Suop sea ay wy
ystuy ues ay a10jaq pardnusaiut aq dew ay aaamoy ‘suonIpuoD

[nyssanas 19420 40 WequIOD UL TY Sty 20m 02 spaau ay Tuo] 9AaMoY,

ayer o1 a]qe aq ]]!M adeur e ‘saoueasuunsi1> jeapr spur

"payfOr NOA sassaoons Jo JaquuNU ay UO yNsay

ay) aseg ‘sise] 11 Buoy MOY 40 paaoyyut ar yon aoy asnf ano puy

02 9]qe1 UOReANG] puL adewEC] oy ash ‘9]1YA & 10j sase] 4 aBeWEP
Soop ogye (ureu se8 e SUNTUS! "9"1) UONDe SuUNPoU-so-]]e Ue JT

suonenis asoyp Ut a]qei UoRLANG] pur aBeuKG ay aag "sise]

199449] DY JoSUO] aYp "]Jor Dy AoNIag atp ‘uoHeANp 10} S903 aUNES ay
"sey yorseur ayp 199 BOW AYA [Jor NOA J9N29q OY] "]JO4 NOA Joa
oy Uo spuadap 119X9 Nod aouANyuT 10 y9UAg ‘aBeUEp Jo TUNOWE
at] ‘220 ‘adeys s,199fqo autos adueYp Jo purty s,Apoqawos aouaNnyut
01 uowa]9 so Auadosd aUOs asuas O1 ‘aHeUEP Jeay 10 asneD
0) — pur uy yuayur areipaurut ue YALA ase aue stjads 22410

seo asay
so]puey 9]qu2 ssavong Jo saaaaq ay J "A29]dwo> 01 ‘s}jor papuar
-xo "9'| Moya pue au 2421 ABUL sauO pareotduio9 aioUL ‘Asea
are suoniae ajduntg "99a Sayed [Jads axp a10}aq pajfor aq sassavons
JoqUnowre U1Ej199 ¥ puetap sya1SeU SuNpoU-s0-]e Yong "eIquIE)
dy} OUT pue apUNeD oy YSnomp Surssed so ‘ae urp Jo ano raf

-qo 10 Suiaq autos Sunes 10 Suun{uos ‘Surysemurerg pexsrseur
‘gdeys uO sNOA BuISuLyD apnjsut sajdwexg -10u op nod 40

paaoans nod s9ya1a — prvauopystens Aniaad axe 9199439 OW
suoldniafUy pue Joodsa ‘SsoooNG

JOU S1 11qI0 Jo Ino UooWL ay BuNINd ‘Asea
si sa8uy anod yo dn ayp uo aurey v Sunwad; "y>!eur ayp yo aumeu
aya Uo SuIpuadap ‘sassa2ons QE or 9UO Woy JDyaAuE pueWOP
Aew — -919 ‘euawouayd 10 sunsos apr] ou Burvasd ‘9ouassaquiney
Burouueyp ‘sdemapig Surddag ‘Jonuos s9ypeam ‘uonesnfuos
— ofew ays punose ppom aya siaye yoy yds y

"Wy adaye 02 ayqeun ‘waned saa3se
ie ayp pur ssoj AU aDdeduIT jo
Joaaieya ‘aseuep

ayy punore soysen Apduns >

Mos Aue aavy 02 sassazons OMI ISLA Ie spare

aver UORULOJsURL) ‘UO! rf YUT] SypedayJA2 & sar iayoy
— Butag 10 algo Bunssixa sayoUR Daye YIM ONIN UY e
"JosINO4 ang aouTAUOD 01 UO OU aAeY NOX "MLOPIAd 01 sassa7INS
oma 10 uO AyUO spaou — "o19 ‘Sunyrysadeys ‘sy>1Seu A4osuas yuEX
-asiy [pe Bureay-yjas IyBig aammng/seg ‘Buryse NW — jes19y
a8eu oyp duo siaae Yorya 1997q UL IY auINsse ‘fe19UAB UT &

298 Y>eA Yst|dwo29" o1 papaau so
aya YIM Suope ‘sajdwexa may ev srayo aqua sw.

9Y1 21 Yst[dwooov 01 papaou sossa2ons Jo JUNOUTE ayp ssUTWDIaP
3e9} [EADIE v jo Aarxo[dusoo pue azis ayp ‘ued your ay) 104

ZPIPN | OG sassoovong Aue MOL]

"uMop ates ay Mo]s UD a9UO Ie AUEUE OO | ‘AUN Ie sIAyIPOUT
m3 40 uO A]UO Butsn puautwod—1 ami ‘UoHedT]dUOD ploaL OL

"01 9q pjnom winunxeur aup pur f aq pynow are ur Jo
gno sandurop vawas 01 ANYsIp WNUITUNW axp ‘pIparysoyo weya
sanew ou ‘sny J °(¢-/+) Je202 ‘saoejd aauyp ueUp azul Ag AaNoypIp e
aonpay 10 01 ppe Ue> Jaytpow Ou IY auINss\y ‘aouE]Eg aus UELp
JoYI0 UOSEaI OU 10} JI ‘seq TUAISISUOD IeYMAILIOS & SLY AIITEAY

"szoyj1pow yons AueUI sist] UeYD SINAN] [EASY ay | "waopiod
01 JaIsva 40 JapreY sqeaj [ey>IHeUL oye ULI — spemU aresogelD

0) suonenals ssans-ysiy Woy, — s9ouEIstINDID Jo MaUwA y

SAIIMPOW

-a]qnoaa 10 Suryse st aaamoy ‘AppoInb oor xopeavg yoru
001 SunEfNUNdde ‘aU 49A0 ,JJo spaayq,, Apensn sty_L

xopered

jo wutod auo sua yoayq res|NA v ‘spaagons a fi uaag «

"6 Aq pjnom AynoysIp aseq sry {S19
-aiasqo ouEpUNtU jo 1ySs UrE|d Ut ZaNdutoD ayp Parears anlysoyD

Avg *¢ + a1aydg asaysty aup sasn sassourim yim yorspuc a8, &

2g pnom Aajnoyyp sty "1 998 01 punoae sear uosiod

pauiayeay-un ou ang — puey sty ur aYyst yooquamod ayp parwars
DY —se8jna sem yore saysoyD J] "p + aaydg asoysry yp Jo
{Q;noyyIp & YUN suIBaq ssaunm sadaa]g v Moy yorToU Av5NA

1. 9q pjnom AaynoyyIp
[eds z aunag ‘¢ soos0g "} 1oneyy [eIUApIoUrOD v
siy woy Yooqramod oy paynd aarysoyD J] "€ + 199g U1 UT pasn

aseq sty 109

auaydg asaysiy aya st Aajnoyytp aseq s,pou3pue pruapinuod e

aausap

auuos 02 Aano1yIp aseq siup asn{pe Ue (Mo]aq Aas) sIAyIPOY

]1as zaprey aeay ayp sayew jarjaqsip sty jo aystom,, ays ‘Bur
"ype st uosiad pauayemy-Un autos jf ‘aaueISUL JO} UTE UTYD WOY
soindwos ayy Sunesa19 — ajqissod sapisuos pjnom aydoad asow.
rey sayap Ajsnotago |Jads oy jt aprey 198 sBurY_] "Asn or a[NIYpIP
10 s1 — 18091940 10 ase9 v apIsU WO, YOoqIaMod k BuLN[40D ay}]
1g apy] B aod ayp sins yotyM yprBeyy "Uy Jay ase9 01 saso0y>
ays Av ays uO paseg st ANIyJIp peysIeur syrshur y

ANON

BU PUL AAISS9DXA Iq B aq P[nom

a]qnou 404 Buryse aq /

11 Op 01 oog 91q autUa ano4 Susp) "Aiaz¥y Jo 10] v armbar 10U sa0p
"aaaMmoy ‘sayI0]9 SuIsuEy> Apex>1Beyy "uodn [Jeo 01 saaV0d Jo 10
e sey ]JNS ay ‘sans s9pUy) "pud UaAId e Ystdwiosd" 01 Aressad0U se
a910) a] Se asn JEM "uatp ‘Sew WeUs y "01 10U LAY ue AT asn.or
udya sMOUY [JL pauarysifua jo aaaSap YsrY & YaIM 9UOIIOg
posned aavy pjnom woys asisaud pur jews v ueY
iNo]]¥J AX saavay YAO Ng Aqnop OU SyI0M TPH "AYE ||P}
01 eyoozeg e Sursn ayy] aq AU puryag aavy Nod SuryaAu9Aa But

-moutp ‘Surypoutos yst}dwo9" 01 sa.K0d jo auNowe [jews v puadxa
01 paou Ayuo nod 71 — opuud jo sjepuid ayp Jo uoHNdaya1 v se sIy Jo

UIYL "Yorog & 10) 22uRYD atp JareAId ay YaAaMoy [Jor NOA a9Ip
a10ut AY "]]O1 199} [EY!BeUL sty 10} vary s,93eut INOA [oY

Hoa OWL


164 Mage: The Ascension

Se

The essential rules for extended rolls can be found in Chapter
Five. Extended magick rolls work the same way, with the following
qualifications:

* Paradox "stacks" during an extended ritual; the bigger the
magick, the nastier the potential backlash. Each roll after the first
adds one more Paradox point to a backlash's total. If Atropos
botches a vulgar Entropy 4 Effect after three turns of extended
rolls, she "wins" seven Paradox if she was acting alone and 12 ifshe

cast the ritual in public.

* Ifthe player fails a roll — that is, she gets no successes that
turn —she may still continue rolling, at +1 difficulty (per failure),
until the ritual is completed or the magick is somehow disrupted.

© If the roll botches, the caster may spend a turn and a
Willpower point to avoid screwing up the whole affair. By spend-
ing the Willpower, she keeps the magick going — barely — but
loses one previously-rolled success in the process as well as the
Willpower point. From there, she must roll at +1 difficulty until
she finishes.

A second botch will utterly destroy the Effect and bring
Paradox crashing down on the caster.

If the ritual is disrupted by an outside force — like an attack
or a distraction — the caster must make a Willpower roll at
difficulty 8 or botch the whole Effect.

Rituals are best performed in secret, with elaborate prepara-
en then, the difficulty

tions to reduce the difficulty of the roll. E
cannot be reduced by more than -3.

Automatic Successes

An Adept can do simple things with little trouble. If she
wants to perform some Effect which requires only one or two
successes — lighting a pipe with sudden flame, levitating a book
across the room, "turning on" a sensory Effect, changing the color
ofher eyes, etc. —she may do it withouta roll if her Arete isat least

one point above the necessary difficulty. Coincidental first rank
Effects, for example, would require an Arete of at least five, second
rank needs six, third requires seven, and so forth. Such "instant
magicks" would not last long —a turn or two— but may work long
enough to get the job done.

To speed play, a Storyteller may just decide to allow her player
characters to automatically succeed with simple spells regardless of
their Arete, if they have the Spheres to do so. This will, of course,
depend on the Effect, the circumstances and the player. Attacks,

complex creations, forgeries or vulgar acts in plain sight should
never be allowed under this optional rule, and abusive playersshould
lose the option completely. At the same time, you may wish to forgo
rolling every time a character uses Sense Life or pulls out a business
card that just happened to be in her jacket pocket

Osing Willpower

Since magick is, by nature, an effort of will, the Willpower
Trait comes in handy when casting it. Both applications use
temporary Willpower points, not permanent ones. (Willpower
and Quintessence are described in Chapter Six.)

© By spending a point of Willpower, the mage can get one
automatic success on his magick roll.

© Through sheer will, a mystick can undo a magickal botch
byspendinga Willpower point to counteract it. This does not give
the mage a success —his spell still falters — but itshields him from
a Paradox backlash.


Osing Quintessence

By channeling Prime Essence through his Art, a mage can
reduce his difficulty by up to -3 points. This works like any other

modifier, but lasts as long as the willworker continues to use
Quintessence. If Cheshire focuses Quintessence from a nearby
Node, he can use up to three points of it per turn, reducing his
difficulty by -3 each turn, until he either stops or runs out of juice.

A mage can use whatever personal Quintessence he has to do
this. Using outside Quintessence — Tass, Nodes, et this way
requires an additional use of Prime 3. Once this
needs no additional attention for its duration. (S

Effect is cast, it
both "Dura-
tion," below, and "Simultaneous Magick," above.)

The Domino Effect

Wise mages who wish to avoid the nasty consequences of
Paradox will attempt to disguise their magick in coincidental
Effects. As the number of wild "coincidences" rise, however, they
become harder to pull off. As an optional rul

Storyteller can
impose an additional +1 difficulty to coincidental magick diffi-
culty rolls for every two such Effects over the first that scene.

The effects of this penalty are cumulative; after five coinciden-
tal magick Effects the difficulty for such magick increases by +2
Storytellers should only count those Effects which cause some

massive

hange —pipes bursting, tires going flat, explodingammo
dumps, etc. Coincidences that no one sees — sensory magick,
Attribute increases, objects disappearing into pockets, etc
should not increase the difficulty at all

Step Four:
What Happened?

So you've cast your spell. Whether or not it worked, the
magick will probably have some effect. This step tells you what
those effects might be

Range, Damage and Duration

The general effects of magickal feats are based on the suc-
cesses rolled:

© Under most circumstances, a mage's Arts can affect anything
within her normal sensory range. Subjects on the edges of that range

far away, under cover or obscured by smoke, fog or other obstruc-
tions —add +1 to the magick roll's difficulty. Correspondence magick
can dramatically expand the mystick's sensory range. A mage with less
than three dots in that Sphere, however, must cast long-distance
Effects at +1 difficulty due to her inexperience with such extended

Effect is
supposed to bypass a solid object in between the mage and his target

perceptions. The Correspondence Sphere must be used if an

As a quick and dirty rule, figure that a spell can affect one
subject within easy reach per success, unless it includes some large
area by its very nature — an explosion, a TV broadcast, a user.
linked network, etc

© Damage — or benefit — is figured by multiplying your
successes as per the Damage and Duration chart. If Atropos, for
mple, rolls two successes with a Life-based attack, she inflicts
two Health Levels of damage against the unfortunate Man in
Black she assaulted. If she rolled three successes instead, she would
multiply her three successes by two, fora total of six Health Levels
of damage. If she were healing damage instead, the benefit would
be the same, i-e., six Health L

vels. This works the same way for
ing, channeling Q

damage, he:

tessence, etc

iy, -

q

ll S_ ZN

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 16

a

© Like damage, an Effect's duration is based on the chart

results. This usually applies only for magicks that could last a
while, i.e., sensory magicks, Mind Effects, shapeshiftings, trans-
mutations, etc

Damage is usually nediate, while created,

summoned or conjured items are often permanent
Some Spheres, by their nature, add or subtract successes
whenever they're used. Forces Effects add one success when used

for damage, Mind attacks subtract one success when used to inflict

damage, while Entropy itself does no damage until the fourth rank.
Until then, it can only inflict indirect damage by causi

to fall or blows to hit weak points.

Other Spheres have specialized uses. Correspondence magick
works across great distances. Use the Correspondence Range
chart to find out how many successes a mage needs to link two
places, people or items together. Spirit Effects must often work
against the

Jauntlet, and the strength of this barrier varies from
place to place. Use the Gauntlet chart when some Effect must
pierce it to work, With Time, a mystick can look across different
time spans. Use the Time Sphere chart to figure out how far in the
future — or past — a Time Effect can see

These modifications apply whenever the Sphere is used in a
simple or conjunctional Effect

Most magicks fade or need to be replenished over time. Truly
permanent results are possible, but Storyteller's may require twice
the usual successes to make them so.

© Combining damage with duration — that is, inflicting
damage over a period of time — can be done at Storyteller's option

by adding the necessary successes together. If Atropos wanted to

166 Mage: The Ascension

_

continue hurting the Man in Black, she could add the amount of
damage she wanted to do (six Levels, or three successes) to the
or three more
n optional rule

length of time she preferred — over one day

successes, fora total of six successes needed. This is a
which adds flexibility at the risk of complication or rules abuse.

* Any physical attack which attacks a pattern with another
pattern

a lightnir
can be soaked by the tai

olt, magick bullet, mutant virus, etc

et. Vulgar acts of pure magick, which
transformations,
Rip the Man-Body, Flames of Purification, etc
soaked, nor can mental attacks.

attack a pattern on a purely mystickal level
cannot be

Most magickal attacks cause normal damage; the Aggravated
Damage chart illustrates more severe injuries. (See "Injury" in
Chapter Nine for types of damage.)

Dodging and Resistance

A target who is aware of an incoming magickal attack may
it (if the attack is material) or resist it (if it
involves the Mind). The first requires a Dexterity + Dodge roll;
the second, a Willpower roll. The difficulty of either avoidance is

choose to dodge

6. Like any other form of dodge, each success the defender rolls to
avoid an attack subtracts one from the aggressor's magick suc-

© Direct attacks — lightning bolts, falling buildings, blasts of
energy, bullets, hails of stones and such — can be dodged like any
other physical assault, so long as the victim knows the attack is
coming. Most direct assaults are visible; invisible ones can still be

detected with a Perception + Awareness roll, difficulty 8


* Mental attacks — commands, possessions, mind crushes,
telepathic bonds, brainwashing, etc. — can be countered by a
Willpower roll if the defender is aware of what's going on. This
often makes Mind magick a slow and subtle Art.

Countermagick

Essentially, countermagick is a soak roll used for undoing
magickal Effects, anti-magick channels Prime to cancel out an
Effect, and unweaving takes an existing spell apart. All of them
require a one-turn action. (The details about countermagick,
anti-magick and unweaving are in the "Permutations" section.)

The basic systems are as follows:

* Countermagick requires an Arete roll, difficulty 7. Each
countermagick success cancels out one of the opponent's magickal
successes.

© Anti-magick "washes out" an Effect by using Quintessence
to "strengthen" reality against the opponent's desires. A mystick
using anti-magick rolls her Prime rating as a Dice Pool; the
difficulty is 8, and each success raises the opponent's magick
difficulty by +1 that turn. This can exceed the usual +3 limit. Each
success canceled costs a point of Quintessence from the mage's
reserve.

# Unweaving is an attack upon an existing Effect. By rolling
her Arete against difficulty 8, a mage may cancel out one success
in the Effect for every success she wins. This takes one turn per roll;
abotch during unweaving means the mage must begin again from
scratch.

Any of these actions, if suc
a mystick spell.

ful, might cancel out or dilute

Failure

When the player rolls less successes than she needed to
execute her Effect, or if her mage is restrained or incapacitated
before she can finish it, the magick fails. Failure is simple; the spell
has little or no effect. Depending on what the character wanted to
do, this might be a partial success (see the Degrees of Success
table) or no result at all.

Botching

If the player botches the roll (rolls more "ones" than she
rolled successes), her mage blows the spell and gains the following
Paradox points:

* If the Effect was coincidental, she gets one Paradox point for
every dot in the highest Sphere she was using. If, for example, she
was trying to cast a Life 4, Prime 2 Effect, she would gain four
points of Paradox.

* Ifthe Effect was vulgar without witnesses, she gains one point
plus one for every dot in the highest Sphere. The aforementioned
mage would now earn five Paradox points.

© Ifthe Effect was vulgar with witnesses, she gets two points for
botching a vulgar action, plus two per dot in the highest Sphere
used. The unfortunate from the first two examples now gets a total
of 10 Paradox.

"Witnesses," by the way, means Sleepers who are physically
present and able to observe a magickal act. Their belief, or lack of
it, shifts reality's balance. Media transmissions, like closed-circuit
TV orsensors, can still capture magickal acts. Most people know,
however, that a camera can be fooled, and, in any case, it's the
observer, not the observation, that guides reality's currents (which
is why some areas have more flexibility than others). Still, casually
performing magick in front of cameras, isn't really a good idea.
Who knows who might get their hands on the results?

Paradox

The full rules of Paradox and its effects take up their own
section later in this chapter. The step-by-step process of a Paradox
backlash can be summed up like this:

© When a mystick gains Paradox points, list them down on
the Quintessence/Paradox wheel at the bottom of her character
sheet. The Storyteller may roll for a backlash if a mage earns more
than five points in a single botch.

¢ When the Storyteller checks for a backlash, he rolls the
offending mage's Paradox total as a Dice Pool. This total combines
both the points on the wheel and the points she ha

s just incurred.

© The Storyteller rolls this Pool against difficulty 6; for each
success, one Paradox point is expelled by the backlash. The more
points this backlash expends, the worse the effects will be.

— Flaws usually manifest when five points or les

— Physical damage, inflicting one aggravated Health Level
per point expended, burns its way through the mystick. This
usually occurs during backlashes of between five and 15 points.
Really large backlashes — 10 points or more — may spread their
damage outward from the caster, dividing their damage between
everyone within five yard:

s are spent.

— Paradox spirits may show up at any level; the bigger the
backlash, the meaner the spirit

— If more than 10 points go off at once, a Paradox Realm
may manifest, punishing the mage and possibly others in the area.

— Quiets work best when a Storyteller prepares for them in
advance. After the Quiet ends (if it ends, heh heh heh...), she
merely tells the player how many points of Paradox his mage lost
through the journey. This amount should be based on the length
and severity of the madness — two or three points for a minor
episode, the whole Paradox pool for really difficult Quiets.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 167


ON ee

Examples: Magickal Feats

¢ All-or-Nothing Effect

Jennifer Rollins enters a dark church; sensing that she's
alone, she carves a rune, mutters a brief invocation and ignites
the candles.

In game terms, Jennifer's player says "I want to light every
candle in the room with a wave of my hand. I carve the kenaz rune
in my arm, mutter a little something to Freya and concentrate."

This is an all-or-nothing feat, vulgar, without witnesses;
Jennifer has the right Spheres (Forces 3, Prime 2) and performs
aritual in keeping with herstyle. The Storyteller tells Jen's player
toroll her Arete — five — against difficulty 7. She needs at least
‘two sul es co pull it off. The roll is made; three successes. The
candles all ignite. Unless someone puts them out, they'll burn for
a day or so, or until the candles all melt, anyway.

Ifshe had failed to get the two successes she needed (i.e., a
partial success), a few of the candles would have ignited, dimly. If
Jennifer still wanted to light themall, she could try again the next
turn, at +1 to her difficulty. 7 would have become 8. If she had
already rolled one success, she would only need one more to
ignite all the candles.

If she had botched the roll, Jennifer's player could either
pend a Willpower point to negate the botch or accept the
consequences. Since the Effect was vulgar without witnesses,
Jennifer would accumulate four Paradox points (one for botching
vulgar magick, plus three for a level three Effect).

* Direct Damage Effect

Awakened cyborg X344, pursuinga reality criminal through
laboratory halls, aims his cybernetic plasma cannon (his Forces
focus) and fires. X344's Arete is 5; his Forces 3, Prime 2 Effect,
coming from a high-tech weapon, is coincidental in the lab, so
his difficulty is only 6.

The roll comes up with three successes; the sorcerer doesn't
dodge and fails his countermagick roll. X344's blast does (3 + 1
for Forces = 4 x 2) eight Health Levels to the mage. The renegade
soaks two of them, but still falls to the ground, badly wounded.
X344 moves in for the kill...

* Duration

Cheshire, realizing that his intrusion sensors have been
tripped, scans the dark room for some sign of life. Using his Arete
of four (he's progressed a bit since Chapter Six), Cheshire rolls
his Life 1 Effect. Since sensory Effects are almost always coinci-
dental, his difficulty is 4. With the four successes that come up,
Cheshire's Life scan lasts for the rest of the story, iffhe wants it to.
With it, he sees the cat sitting atop his monitor. Well, at least it
was only a cat...

* Extended Roll Ritual

Father Shelley sighs heavily; the Node has been polluted.
Satanic graffiti mars the well'sancientstones, and the bloodstains
remain despite the priest's scrubbing. A true cleansing must be
performed. At this hour, the park is deserted. Father Shelley
unpacks his incense and vestments (foci); though he knows he
does not need them, they give him comfort and a sense of
purpose. With a brief prayer, he checks the area (ie., performs a
coincidental Life scan), then sets to work, singing a purification
song.

Father Shelley's Arete is six; using a conjunctional Effect of
Matter 2 (to remove the bloodstains), Spirit 2 (to beg aid from
God's servants) and Prime 3 (to channel the tainted Quintes-
sence through his own Avatar and thus cleanse it), he begins the
ritual. This is no light undertaking. The Storyteller declares that
Shelley's player will have to accumulate 10 successes through an
extended roll, with each roll representing an hour of work. She
sets his difficulty at 5, a base of 7 (Sphere 3 magick, vulgar,
without witnesses), adjusted by the foci (-1), extra time (-1) the
presence of a Node (-1) and the corruption of same (+1).

On top of that, she says that he will have to make a
Willpower roll, difficulty 7 (his base difficulty), to cleanse the
Quintessence through himself and a Manipulation + Expression
roll (also 7) to perform the song correctly.

(Note that these other rolls are not necessary. The Story-
teller includes them to add suspense and chance to the task. The
only really important roll is the Arete one, difficulty 5, or 7 ifshe
wants to ignore the modifiers.)

In the first hour, Shelley rolls well: three successes. An hour
later, he slips — no successes on either the singing roll or the
magick one. Father Shelley's difficulty rises by +1 (to 6). Over
the next few game-hours, he does better: two successes, three
successes and one success. During this time, Shelley's player and
the Storyteller roleplay the priest's struggles with evil spirits and
his own doubts in God. In the last hour, Shelley filters the
poisoned Quintessence through himself. His player rolls the
Willpower roll: one success — enough. It's a tough battle, but as
he makes his last roll — four successes — he shouts his faith to
the heavens and purges the evil from this place

* Paradox

Suppose Father Shelley had failed that last roll; instead of
four successes, he rolled one success and three "ones" — a botch.
His player does not spend any Willpower to prevent the backlash,
so Paradox kicks in —nine points worth (one forbotching vulgar
magick, three for the rank 3 Effect and five for the extra time he
spent on the ritual). This is a hefty backlash, so the Storyteller
rolls Shelley's Paradox pool — nine points, plus an extra two
from an earlier vulgar stunt with a Tass-laden hot cross bun. This
translates to eleven dice; she rolls them all against difficulty 6 and
gets six successes. Father Shelley is in trouble.

A Paradox spirit in the form of Lucifer appears to the priest
and berates him for his lack of faith. Chuckling, the arch-demon
pulls Father Shelley into.a Paradox Realm resembling Hell. Until
the priest can either come to terms with his own doubts or "work
off" the six points of Paradox he has just "spent," he will remain
trapped in a Hell of his own design.

Nobody said magick was easy.


S

V/ aN

i,
2

a || NED //
7 4
) Casting Magick

What do You Want to Do, and How Do You Want to Do It?
¢ What are you attempting to do and how?
¢ What Spheres are you using?
* How does your Effect appear?
¢ What did your character do to make it happen?
* How long does it take?

Do You Know Enough to Do What You Want?
* Do you have the appropriate Spheres?
¢ Is what you're doing coincidental or vulgar?
* Do you need any mundane Knowledges to help you?

Are You Successful?

¢ Roll your character's Arete versus the appropriate difficulty (minimum difficulty is 3):

Coincidental: Difficulty = highest Sphere + 3
Vulgar, without Witnesses: Difficulty = highest Sphere + 4
Vulgar, with Witnesses: Difficulty = highest Sphere + 5

¢ Add or subtract any modifiers (maximum +/-3)

¢ Check the number of your successes.

¢ Spend Quintessence or Willpower, if you want to.
.

Do you need to roll more successes to accomplish your task?

If So, or If Not, What Happens?

¢ How much effect did your magick have?
¢ Did someone dodge, soak, resist or use countermagick against your Effect?
If so, subtract her successes from your own, then see if you still succeeded.
¢ Did you fail? If so, did you botch, or did you just not succeed?
* Botches and Paradox:
Coincidental Botch: gain one point of Paradox per dot in the highest Sphere you used.
Vulgar Botch: gain one point of Paradox for botching + one per dot in the highest Sphere. \
Vulgar Botch with Sleeper Witnesses: gain two points of Paradox + two points
per dot in the highest Sphere.
¢ Did you get more than five points of Paradox?
If so, the Storyteller might roll for backlash (or spring it on you later...).

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 169

FT


© The Magick Difficulties chag
the pluses and minuses of some=poss
circumstances, Use this as a general gui

line for other possible modifiers. £ \

# Use the Magickal Feat chatt when @ or :
playerwantsto.accomplish an all-oranerhing "4 fh. \
Effect, Heshould roll the appropri: te bn jount ¥
of successes to perform it. Thismt iui
extended roll. The Degrees of S
measures how wella given feat was peHormetl==.
and the effect it had. ue %

© Check the Damage and Duration
table to see how much damage or benefit an
Effect had or how long it will last. The
Aggravated Damage table shows which. types
of attacks inflict severe damage. All other
forms do normal damage only.
Remember that these charts are guid-
‘ance, not gospel. Ignore them as you see fit.
j
f
il ay m
re
chart
jrit Gauntlet NOT ase
Spr Difficulty One
Area 3 oe

Sha 3 Three

Deep Wilderness A =

Rural Countryside 5 os

Most Urban Areas : ce

Jowntown 9 a
"edna vay msional science ereats Hse Wik
#Technocratte dimens!

s Needed

Magickal Feats

Feat Successes Required

Simple feat 1
(changing the color of your own eyes, lighting a candle, using Mind
magick to sense someone nearby, conjuring a business card)
Standard feat 2
(changing yourown'shape, causing an oil lamp to explode, influencing
someone's mood with Mind magick, conjuring a ball of flame)
Difficult feat 3
(transforming into something bigger or smaller than yourself, ignitinga
gas main, deep-reading someone's mind, conjuring a chainsaw)
Impressive feat 4
(changing someone else's shape, blowing up a house, taking over
someone's mind, conjuring a car, making yourself disappear)

Mighty feat 5-10.
(turning someone into sludge, incinerating an armored tank, obliterat-
ing someone's mind, conjuring a mythic beast, making all furniture in
a room disappear)

Outlandish feat 10-20
(turning a roomful of people into sludge, igniting a warship's weaponry,
Mind-controlling a horde of madmen, conjuring a demon, making a
mansion disappear)

Godlike feat 20 or more
(making a skyscraper disappear, finding one particular person in New
York using Mind magick, summoning a horror from the Deep Umbra,
levitating a mountain, creating a Horizon Realm)

* Damage for these feats is based on the successes rolled. If, for instance,
a mage tried to kill a HIT Mark, the method he was using would
determine the level of the féat. If he rolled four successes after tipping
into it with Life magick, he would do (4x 2 = 8) eight Health Levels of
damage. The HIT Mark can still try to use countermagick, but cannot
soak that damage.

Time Sphere
Successes #

One

500 years
1000 years or More

Correspondence Ranges

Successes Range or Connection

(Use one or the other.)

One Line of sight/ blood relation; body sample ,
Two Very familiar (home, office)/ best friend; prized possession
Three Familiar (local mall)/ co-worker; possession

Four Visited once/ acquaintance; anything used once

Five Saw or heard about it/ stranger; item touched casually

Six+ Anywhere on Earth/ no. connection

Degrees of Success

5
stick makes a critical mistake and screw:
* Botch: The mys

A8Sravate.

d Damage
Valgar Life Magick attacks

(Rip the Man Bod )
which rend the being's Pattern; not coincid, odes,
5) FRE eee Es which work within that pattern, oat
thing up. The Effect is Willpower point to.cancel ou * Valgat Prime magi
every! ds'a Wil
less he spen
points, un!
botch,

The mage may
scesses, but no botch. 4
* Total failure: No suc fe or yagi rom state

with Prime; th,
Effects: merely

Ford (reated with Prime (Control Major
ffici ses. The ice
continue his spell, at , a of the feta ose wl ashe (Bigehy Heer i om ailiving body
© Partial success: it he set out to do, but not computer, Ss ‘ging:
mystick a at for instance, coe vital pieces = ie ics Rat Hope es fo attack a living
would have . ly; perhaps it's miss hehe rants ¢ Mad HoWlers),
butitdoesn' ‘ek flawed, The mage can keep going (ental Weaponry of Supernatural ereatures

f 2 re} , Vampii
See a asdinnal x dificult requited. The mage doce ae Yami er.)

at an cesses. i wel
i © Success: ea Cheshire's Taptop functions as
he wanted todo.

exactly what

as any "normal" computer would.

¢ Extraordinary success: 150 % or better. The mage not aif
ly succeeds, he su ceeds brilliantly. Cheshire's lapt: Vampires to
onlyst i fire,

f , looks great
enough to take a lot of abuse,
functions that on is
gigabyte memory,

. (It is not a Talisman, however;
screensaver.

separate act of magick.) Z

7

ifficulties

Near a Node
‘Uses a unique foe:
Uses focus without
Extra time spent on
Spending a point of Qui

F intel
Using Tass with appropriat
Using Tass with opposed Reson
Fast-Casting ‘

Distant or hidden subject

Mage distracted

Mage in conflict with Avatar
Domino effect 7
Monumental feat (pulling moon from orbit)

is sturdy,
and has a unusual waste,
hadn't planned on, like one-
Cheshire

bes
: Slvin & Hob
Rom drive and a Cal er requires) @

er##/-3. Minimum difficulty 3, maximum 10.) \
i

bject using magicl ; p \" /
aie er essence (sympathetic magick) d |
gine \

ler forms of dama,

ge are normal
unusually Susceptible to them (j

ete.),
ecrees that the damage is
radiation, etc,).

: unless ¢
target is hg

Werewolves to
or unless the Storyteller
Particularly Nasty (toxic

Damage and Duration
Successes Damage Duration
One None One turn
Two Successes x One scene
Three Successes x 2 One day
Four Successes x 2 One story
Five Successes x 2 Six months
Six + Successes x 3 Storyteller's option
Forces add one

Success when used for damage;

inflicting damage. Direct Entropy attacks do

Mind subtracts one success when
level, but incid,

no damage at all until the'fourth
lental attacks (crumbling walls, etc.) inflict normal damage,

+1

+1

+1 to +3

+1 to +3

+1 to +3
+1to+3

WX Za

Permutations

Magic is seldom spectacular because it seldom needs to
be.
| —Donald Tyson, Ritual Magic
These optional systems handle the complica-

tions that might come up during a game. Many have
example sidebars to illustrate the rule in action.

Several of these rules are optional or have
variants that may complicate basic play. Feel free
to ignore some of these permutations if you feel
they interfere with the flow of your game.

Sensory Magicks

(See also "The Spheres," first rank Effects.)

The first rank of any Sphere allows a mage to detect whatever
elements or patterns that Sphere covers. These Effects — Land-
scape of the Mind, Sense Fate and Fortune, Sense Life, etc. —
expand the mystick's perceptions for the spells duration. Simple
detections, like Prime 1, usually require a Perception roll rather
than a magick roll. Weird perceptions, like Matter or Spirit 1,
require an Effect roll. Assume that if there's no way the mage
Il have to roll the

could've sensed something intuitively, she'
magick.

ather
than magick and are almost always coincidental, unless the mage
clearly sees something that no normal person could detect. Even

Regardless, such perceptions often seem like hunches

then, since outsiders cannot see the things the mage does, her

reaction may seem more eccentric than unnatural.

Extending Perceptions

By adding +1 to the difficulty, a mage may let someone else
share her magickal perceptions. This shifts a coincidental Effect
into the "vulgar with witnesses" arena if the person gifted with this
extended perception is a Sleeper. Awakened mages can share a
magickal sense without revealing their Art to others.

Technically, a mage can extend her senses to anyone within
sensory range. Each person after the first requires an additional
success and raises the difficulty by +1 (maximum 10). If Cheshire
wants to extend his Life scan to three other mages, he must roll a
total of four successes at difficulty 7. Extended perceptions nor-
mally last one turn.

Detecting Magick

With asucce:
character can feel magick in use within her immediate vicinity.
Really powerful Effects might lower the difficulty as lowas 4, while
unusually subtle ones could raise it as high as 10.

sful Perception + Awareness roll, difficulty 6, a

The Prime 1 Effect Sense Quintessence can detect "residue"
of magickal acts after they occur. Small feats "disappear" within

than five minutes, but really strong ones can be felt for weeks
more time has elapsed since the casting, the higher
fa Perception + Awareness roll will be.

The Ascension

Acting in Concert

bring down the sky on me
know my limits intimately
bring down the sky on me
take me blindly, make me see

— Miranda Sex Garden, "Bring Down the

In some cases, a group of mysticks may wish to work together
toaccomplish a greater end. Large spells may include summoning:
searches, elaborate rituals, Realm-creation, spirit-bindings, et
Such collaborations work best on extended rituals; smaller Effects
are harder to coordinate, and thus rarely worth the effort.

First of all, each mage involved must have at least one dot in
each of the Spheres in the Effect. Someone who knows nothing
about Matter Arts is no help toa mage who does. The collaborators
must also be able to communicate freely during the casting,
through telepathic bonds, speech, signals, etc. Setting this up may

take a turn ot longer per caster. From there, the group may work

together in one of two ways:

© Ifeach mystick has the Sphere ratings necessary to perform
the Effect, each one makes a normal magick roll, in turn, as if he
orshe were casting the spell solo. All successes are added together;
the result counts toward the total needed.

© If less-knowledgeable mages are assisting a more powerful
one, only one roll is necessary. Each "helper" adds one success to
the main caster's effort.

© Un-Awakened acolytes may assist their companion as well;
the mystick adds one success for every five participants in his ritual.
Coordinating such large gatherings may take hours per roll, and
such rituals should be played out for maximum effect (Manipula-
tion + Expression rolls are good for this.) Acolytes do not count as
"witnesses" of vulgar magick under these circumstances. If over 100
were involved, some vulgar Effects might even be counted coinci-

dental, if no other witnesses were around to contradict them,
Only one option may be used ata time. If one mage botches,
amounts of Paradox or s

everyone involved takes equa ends a
Willpower point to avoid it, even if the others rolled succ
Mundane followers would not gain Paradox per se, but may suffer
some psychic or mystickal trauma from a failed attempt.

Countermagick

No witch undoes another witch's spell. Witch's Honor. Well,
— Samantha, Bewitched

Countermagick has been described by one Cultist of Ecstasy as
the "Oh, shit!" reflex. A Sleeper seeing a flying brick rushing for
s, "Oh, shit!" and ducks (hopefully). Mages also yell, "Oh,
. and then they try to stop it.

These rules allow Mage players to stage classic "wizards' duels"
as willworkers attempt to out-magick each other. Many Chantries
and cabals use such contests to resolve disputes or advancement
within the group — "If you can defeat me, you can replace me"
instead of the more formal certémen. Countermagick also gives
mages a survival edge in mystick combat — a good thing to have,
considering magick's awesome possibilities.


KZN |!

€ll

sopny yoiseyy ssysiq adeyo

Vl

puewiap ‘aaamoy "21SeuaiUNoD a1aydg snsi9A a194dg Jo suLI0}

ISO * JO pearsut g st y>1TeuLaUNOD Yons 10} AYMOYyIp 94] "YSU
pasn sar ji pene yexaisew e adnasip [jim azaydg Aue asowpy

a8pa}MoUy UNO Jay UIA syo1Seur aatsuayo adnasip ued
ays Y@AMoY ueLeA sy UIA "JAY suTZe pasn Burag saraydg
ayA inoge Suryrauos mouy asnw aBeu e ‘sase> aso UT

yorSeuajunoD
aa9ydg snsivA 9104dg

a9Ns [eADITeU aUO se SJUNOD s,104)9"NIe

ayp 49a0 s susuoddo sty 1 ypeq yee ay aayar
ued zapuayap ap "6 Aajnoysip asurese |Jor aay Ue YI s2
suaypene ayy Sunvag 4q "wim sures aya UTyAIM sup oq IN
sBunseo yrog ‘owlg Ul 0p duo asva} 3e puL yen oy UT sooYydg

a\p Jo auo Ut JOP aUO aseay Ie sazInbax Suy|Jadsiozunos Yong

ons

jzayeu sat ye yoeq [Jads aatsuayo ue WM aYsIW 9y
uoya enxo apa] BIA
An ued ay ‘g AnNoYpIp sasi94 Jor ator Ue YaIA\ ‘98eUI SuIpudyop
au ae ase9 s19ayyq 01 saxfdde AU y!TeULAIUNOD ‘AyPEITUIH

yoISeulgJUNOD IAISUINO

2s]9 uODIOS Iv pouttE [fads v 191UN0D 01

urede Ann so (aanyrey & ay]
‘Aa[NoypIp [+ 28) sassazons ax0w [Jor 02 avy YR Pjnom sayDeNIe
DY_L "Ploa pue |[nu a zapuaz ued vare sy UIA yD
ons aay pasinbar yay aya J] "sioiowesed

49]UNOD

[Ryssaoons e ‘sassa
papuarul s,aase> JeurB0 YI MoJaq 3} saonpar yoITeuaIUNOD
YR FE [Ry osje ues ad9yq JeULsUo ay *saj221y Ajarajdut09
[eds aeyp ‘yor sarayq [euITu0 aya paaoxa sassadons oyp J]
siseq 9UO-1O}-9UO & UO I99}q [BUIBIIO ay
Ino JadUed Y>1SeULIAIUNOD UI parods sassa2ang *) AAINOYpIP ‘MIa1y
Jay s]]o1 ay ays SyDeNIe ay UI paayoaut (s)a19ydg ay Ut op aUO
sea] 2 aAvY SMU yDIIshUE e YoISeUUAIUNOD o1seq dwoNe OL,

4Y 4aqUNOD 07 Aud ULD dY ‘S} I} BYR SMO
ay JEU IDayap 02 Japio UI yoENe axp Jo areMe aq
snus adeus ayp ‘uayor aures ay) Ag "BunWoD yound k soas 9] Meg

pue ‘1 aas ue

© ay!] ‘Burwo yore ayp das ues yeIe dy Jo aSpaymMouy autos
Yum aeu e Sp>1SeuarUNod sIseq Uy "AeA autes ay) SUOHOUNY a
pure SyorSew asur

z []O1 YeOs v AlpEIUassa s:
yorSewojunoD viseq

sdnois
Suruunsaq 10) pareotjdwod 00) 198 ued suonenea asay_y "Anoyduis

oiSeunarun0d,

40} o1SeuNIdIUNOD dIseq 01 YRS 02 YstM AeA sodnon sWIOg

-uado apim sapuayap atp saavay [J01 y21Seu91UN0D
Jo pury Aue Suryriog "jor ayp Ajpou ues awutod saM0dy1%\
quads & Jo 110Ys SUIPON *6 02 Sst DUO pue ‘g 01 03 sTUBIeA at Jo
sou {2 st Aajnoyyip syo1SeuUaIUNOD o1seg "sIIY 31 940J9q 11. I99YJaP
01 Burdn uoHse sty puads deur ay Sue yp Jo aueMe st aBeUE

dup J] "suONDe UdaMIaq Joog 291q] sty suds Jopudyop ayp ssafuN
suuopiad 03 uonoe sepnou e sainbay woyp jo youg "y>1SeuIUNOD
azipiin 02 shem jo aaquinu v saquosap UoII998 sty,
"yBnoua aq ayS1w ssaso1dinquno> SuLoauISus-o1q 10 TUE;duTT
onauagdo e — quaredde Apipeas aq 100 paau sn20j & ‘AypeaMIeN|
"yorSewyaqunod asn you Aew Aaya ‘(snd0}) snavsedde jo w110} au0s
aay yp ssajun ‘Ayan} os OU are sIeID0UYD2 J 19419
JexP!Sew asurese |Jor eos soy ,o1ur yIng,, ae ad1p ayp ‘AyareIp

-sUIUUT saIBATIDe YD1SeULIDIUNOD Jo Pury sty | "WNIT pay]e> Ao|]e
JexpISewouYpar paylsse]> & Jo SUaUNLAN UAYO S>ISeUUAIUND
ULaying aaey ‘syeW LTH Ajqeiou asou ‘s8ulaq autog


sypideu jenrur ayp opun o7 uy) UeW e
WU! y9Eq Bop ayp asueyp 02 JaIsea aq pjhoar at Hop v ovuy ApUoU
-etuuad paunioysuen sea Uett v J] "ULese a aBULYS 02 IDAYq AU
aJoym v SuNsed anoyN oUOpUN aq JOU AvUL IaYq Ue — Undo
s,lo}ordtoag 28 "uLese —souowog ‘ous a42 BuIOp inoypIN wede

way? o[03 0} prey s} a} pue Ise
‘sasino ‘suonvard ‘s1oLueg ‘spreai — syatdeur Buons wsoyy "G] pue

1 sjena1a papuarxa purwap— 219

SAY Udd¢9q aq ATfENSN []1A I! VOHALDsIp s,.9]|a14401g ay 02 49] St
soumnboa Sur avamun ue sassooons Jo wuNoU

tpi ‘saseo asoww Uy
twin) A49Aa YoISeUUAyUNOD ay? O1 YoETeUUOIUNOD Suyfos MEE
JaypeA aMLOD19A0 aq PINOYs WLP aDUVISIso1 Jo JUNOWE UTED. e
BuyUBIsse Jo 1onI9q aq pjnom s9]JoadsoOag oY YBnoye ‘Buravomun
iAYe sap YoteuUAUNOD spPeWY LTH & ‘S94 "Y!Beuuorun0s
1O SYPENL AU JO WHY ay UL BurUUTsoq ya WO Woy OWT
uaaom UoNdai0ad Jo WOY ats aaLY Ajjensn sod4a sone] Asay]
wat? 02 ajqusoupna Ajqeaiou av — suONvadd pur sx>13eUUOIUNOD
‘suofeuojsues ‘sassauyois ‘sasand s19qiQ ‘auopun
aq jouNL? — NB[IH se Yons suoMEpYyLUUE puL syxoIeUT Ars
-uas ‘syune odeuEp UEISUT ‘sBUTYOUUNS — sId94Fq AWIOg
sured urdog asnur aBew ays Adware aya suing ‘YaAamoy ‘ssod0Id
aya Su~np yoi0q y
SONNY Jovan iunod Jo suuoy 19yI0 ay!TUA] "sassaoons pLNTU!
s,191889 9p Jo Yea sattiog19A0 ay [HUN s[jor popuarxa ayeuI ALU

s[]o1 Suravamun Jo ANoYyIp oy aanpar AvUt

aBetu & ing — g Aajnoyyip — prey st Suravamup *ABi9ua jeyxs1SeU
$ 02 S¥_OS DUNG JO YURI Is ap Jo Burpueasiopun

Jo spearyy ayp <
ue pue paajoaur sazaydg ap jo yoea jo (0p auo aseay we) aBpa
-|MOUY JIseq oUIOS avy ISM aBeU v BuLAvomuN aduione OL

"yrseur
ay aavamun 07 An ues ay — Sunses jen eyy Sup asaya
n jouURD yorIsku
v ysnowpyy "(,uoHRING pue a8eueg,, aas) oun 1900 19M0d
dyopew sry fadxa sosand 9p) ya ua {o1q [UN asisiod YotyA suLIEG

sea ay ssayun — saseo Yns Ul y>1seUAUNOD 2

Jeyoisew dn gos sueg puesprea ‘snonunuos sxe sypiew AUEYY
Sulaeomug

"spreauioye Ajare
-Ipaurtuy 1aMOd]]!A\ pUk adUassaUINy) Supuads Aq yayq ow
slapuajap ay sa1UNOD oy aDUEYD k seY 1yxDEIIE aYLL "E+ JeNSN Oy
paooxa dew sry p °(Q] winunxeU) 14 Aq AaNoyytp szaxoeIIw I9Y osted
o1 aduassarUINg) Jo 1UIOd v pudds o1 aU Supuajap axp smoy]e apeut
ssagons Yoeg "Ioayjq outa perdads step Jo AaNoyyIP aya samo] I0U
|]! oouassauing) Suipuodgg Aijnoyyip asurwse joog aoic] vse BuneL
SWHg Joy s[jor adeur Buypuayop ayp YIeu-pue usopiad of
av Surpuajop ayy aw parauip rou st IeE 199})5]
uv soqunod ose ew uondo sty J, xopereg sorwi9uds 1999 A UOR

dnastp s,Aarpead dors 01 sain yorBeu-rue aduIg "I Op 02 [00g 921]

Joy 1yJds OUND Japudyap ay) — UOHDe auUD UE syed ans
aarsuayap [e1Dads sty f*syo1SeU s,r9y2OUR LUND 01 99UASSIUINe)
paiois UMO sty asn Av JaqaIT 40 7 ag YUM aseu y

yorsew-yuy

(-sBuzaq peanqeusadns aoyo

jnoge sperp 40y 9UIN sardeyD UF PHO, UAPPIET YL, 29g)
souvory APsoys zo syID Now| adaos9qUt o AEM aarndaya A[UO Dy

stamidg ‘ASumewney | ourdures pue snoweyy a
auaydg Aue ysnoyppy "19q as0q §,95eUI v st Y>ITeUDIUNOD a19Ydg
a1) eameuodns ya Buyeap Udy

av} ADIUNOD ued

snsiga aaoydg ‘saam

sypiew Suruosur adnasip Ajuo Aaya — adeuep

ou op ‘Kem ayp Aq ,‘sxoene,, asayp "Aressasou aq aystw 199455

aytoads or

(os ued sropuajap oy Uo asiuodxa Jo aaa} WeUI09

bLI
\


Anytime a mage attempts an unweaving, the sorcerer who
the original magick may roll Wits + Intuition (difficulty 7) to
figure out that someone is messing with her creation. Most mages
are quite proud of their magicks and take exception to anyone
attempting to destroy them.

Abilities and Magick

Magick does not exist ina vacuum; it'san extension of the mage.
So it should stand to reason that the mage's Abilities, properly used,
might enhance the magick he or she works. If Nala the Dream-Killer
selects her methods by Tarot readings, the way she reads those cards
could have some effect on the death magick she chooses.

Abilities should come into play when appropriate, and the
effects should be limited to a maximum of +3 or -3 adjustments to
difficulty modifiers. Such a roll may only be made once during a
given casting. A player who uses this option should have some
reasonable and creative explanation for combining that Ability
with the magick and roleplay it out if possible.

These rules are meant to help spice up an evening's events,
not to mini-max magick difficulty rolls. Final say about how or if
an Ability affe acter's magick (or whether the rules are to
be used at all) belongs, as always, to the Storyteller.

Abilities Enhancing Magick

Sometimes mundane Abilities can improve a mag

ch

chances of

's chosen

using magick successfully. This often ties into the mystic
style; many practices involve singing, dancing, divination, techno-
logical skills, arcane languages, names of power, scientific theorie:
martial art forms and even weapons skills. Common magick-affili-
ated Abilities include Expression, Firearms, Research, Technology,
Computer, Cosmology, Enigmas, Medicine, Occult and Science.
Ifsome Talent, Skill or Knowledge applies toa mage's casting,
it should be used in the turn before that magick is attempted. The
base difficulty for both Ability and magick rolls is the same; no
modifiers (Willpower, Quint foci, etc.) apply. Each suc
made on the Ability roll reduces the magick difficulty by -1 or more,
, counting other modifiers.

up to a maximum of -

The Storyteller may rule that certain Abilities are essential to
working a particular Effect. Healing a third-degree burn with Life
might require Medicine, while fixinga car engine with Matter may
require Technology. Ifan Ability like Expression or Occultis part
of a magickal focus, the mystick must roll a successful Attribute +
Ability roll before using the magick. Failing that roll might raise
the magick roll's difficulty as well.

Magick Enhancing Abilities

A mage may also use magick to improve her chances with an
Ability, especially actions concerning detections and minor alter-
ations (Sphere ranks | and 2 work best). Most Effects used this way
would be coincidental, so long as the mystick chooses her actions
wisely. Spheres like Entropy or Matter can be especially useful
during gambling, construction and repair, trouble-shooting, sabo-

tage, roughing it and such.

As stated above, every success made using magick drops the
difficulty for the Ability by -1, toamaximum of -3. The magick must
be cast in the turn before the Ability roll is made. The mage must cast
his Effect as his first action before channeling the Art into the
second action. Splitting Dice Pools is possible, but ineffective in the
long run. One way to sneak in extra (non-magickal) actions during
a turn is to use the Accelerate Time Effect.

= 4

Examples
* Basic Countermagick

Secret Agent John Courage squares off against a mad Ecstasy
Cultist. The deviate throwsacloud of hallucinogenic gasses John's
way. The cloud "contains" a Mind 3, Matter 2, Prime 2 Effect; the
caster is skillful and lucky — he rolls four successes, enough to
make the Man in Black see pretty colors for a day or so.

John sees it coming, though, and triggers his X15 nullifica-
tion transmitter (his focus), enabling him to use
"counterprocedures." He rolls his Arete of four against difficulty
7and gets three successes. The gas dissipates; John gets a whiff of
it, but it has no real effect on him.

If Courage had botched his roll, he would've been hit with
the full effect of the gas. Had he reduced it by only a success or
two, he would have hallucinated for a turn or two — nov good,
but better that than a day of it.

* Offensive Countermagick

Jennifer Rollins desperately tries to intercept the electron
blast aimed at her friend Atropos. The cyborg who fired it rolled
four successes — enough to kill the Orphan. For her action this
turn, Jennifer shouts a warning and tries countermagick. Calling
on her knowledge of Prime, she rolls her Arete of five against
difficulty 8. Three successes — not enough to absorb the blast,
but enough to reduce its damage from 10 Health Levels to two,

Atropos, alerted, rolls her own countermagick. Her Arete is
four, and her difficulty is 7 instead of 8. She rolls well; two

suecesses later, the Force bolt dissipates. The cyborg has been
cheated — this turn...

* Sphere Verses Sphere Countermagick

Spirit magick is not Dante's bag. So when an angry shaman
summons spirits to drag him into the Umbra, Dante reacts with
a laconic comment and a quick sense-scrambler program —
Correspondence countermagick.

The usual roll is made. The three successes against difficulty
8 are enough to weave a VR haze around the shaman's head,
Confused, he lets his summoning trail off into a series of criesand
mumbles. The spirits, unimpressed, hear, but do not obey.

* Anti-Magick

Nephandus Briairus. tries to crumble the ceiling above a
Celestial sister with an Entropy 4 Effect. After muttering, "Mat-
thew Hopkins was right," the Chorister counters with her Prime
3.and rolls three dice against difficulty 8. The One is with her, and
she makes three successes, allowing her to add three points of
Quintessence to raise Briarius' difficulty to 10. The One isnot with
him —he makes only one success, not enough to do his intended
damage. Aside from a few small cracks, the ceiling remains intact.

* Unweaving

The curse has been in place for a while; it will take Peter
Kobie a total of 15 successes (difficulty 8) to lift it from the burial
mound. He readies his drum, ceremonial dress and sweetgrass
(his foci) and sets to work.

Over a period of game-time hours, Kobie's player rolls four
times against difficulty 6 (reduced through a good Manipulation +
Expression roll). He garners a total of 10 successes before a fatal
botch undoes his Art. Before Kobie's horrified eyes, a giant spirit-
snake appears. Its warning rattle shakes the ground, and'venom
drips from its fangs as it strikes at the shaman. He dodges as the
snake fades, hissing, intonothingness. Kobie sighs; the curse will be
difficult to lift indeed, and so much time has already been wasted...


NO Ail

m

Sleeps

poetry,

Abili

successes, bringing her magick

and pearl necklace, said
like the re
it. Her suspic
casts
te dice and gets two successe:

Arel

difficulty of her Ability roll (Pers
mine if the neckl
four dots in Perception an
successes. Although the stones are real

the

Irked (but secretly relieved), she tosses the jewel
and orders him out of her shop.

Paradox

There is no solid status quo, only a series of relative
realities, personal to each... any or all of which are
frail, and subject to eruptions from other states and
conditions.

H — Clive Barker, Introduction to Sandman: A Dolls
House

Paradox is the force of the majority's subcon-
scious. The Sleepers have a set belief on how reality
works and violations of those laws get punished.
The effects of Paradox can destroy a mage and
damage the direction of a chronicle. Storytellers are advised to be
both cautious and fair when Paradox occurs.

The Casting Magick chart and the rules given earlier under
"Botching" and "Paradox" cover the amount of Paradox certain
actions generate. You the Storyteller will decide when and how
Paradox takes effect. Under normal circumstances, a mage will
accumulate one to three points and bleed them off later, at a rate
of one week per point, so longas he earns no more during that time.
When Paradox builds up quickly, ripples called "Flaws" may result,
Inextreme cases, when six points or more occur at one time, or the
mage accumulates over 10 points without bleeding them off, a
backlash may strike.

Backlashes burn off Paradox energies, but they devastate the
mystick. When some backlash occurs, roll the character's Paradox
Pool (the boxes on his character sheet, plus whatever he's just
earned) against difficulty 6. Each success expels one point of
Paradox and leads to some very nasty consequences

Several mages may bring on a backlash through their com-
bined efforts, too. In those cases, just roll as many dice as you feel
would be appropriate. Ifa few minor Effects caused the trouble, roll
five or six dice. If the backlash came from some monumental
Effect, or a long build-up of smaller ones, roll as many as ten and

apply the results to the whole area

. Stories also tell of "Paradox
Storms" which sweep across reality, cleaning the slate after truly
vulgar events. The truth behind such tales is debatable.

xamples
© Abiliti
Mi
of her magick

s and Magick
s One, Cultist of Eestasy

_rapsand thymes to focus many
.. While using a Mind Effect to "encourage e

: e nasty street
el ice to bug off, she mutters some nasty Y 4
et lon (4). Her Effect is difficulty 6, so her
ificulty willbe 6also. Sherollsherdic¢ and makes three
difficulty down to 4.

ty difficu

Magick and Abilities ; 9
Lady Venezia of the Order of Hermes is appraising a pe
cH to be an 18th century ea It "4 :
leased to get rid o}

al thing, but the man seems: all too p! ‘

: ions aroused, but sensing NO Sphere ppasicl she
detect signs of aging, She rolls four of her
The Storyteller drops the
ception + Subterfuge) to deter-
ace is old enough to be the genuine item. With
d three in Subterfuge, she rolls five
and the setting authentic,
ftificially aged.
ry back to him

a Matter Effect to

necklace dates back only a few years and was al

Storytellers may choose to delay an impending backlash until
the moment is right.

Backlash Forms

The manifestations of Paradox often relate somehow to the
magick which caused them to appear. The size of the backlash
reflects the points expelled at onc: t the needs of the story and
the amountand nature of the Paradox decide what forma backlash
takes.

Paradox Flaws

(1-5 point backlash)

Paradox Flaws occur when a mage's accumulated Paradox
bleeds off. It can be either voluntary or involuntary, and it's often
the least painful way of dealing with the effect. These ripples
manifest in odd occurrences that haunt the magician until reality
has straightened itself out. The Flaw always reflects the type of
magick that offended reality.

Such Flaws are not harmless; they should hamper, possibly
even cripple, the mage for a while. Minor Flaws should make a
mystick uncomfortable, while major ones seriously impede his
basic ability to function

The amount of Paradox released determines the severity of
the Flaw. The Flaws below are suggestions only; this energy is
unpredictable and will manifest in many different ways. With the
Storyteller's permission, a player may dictate the kinds of Flaws her
character earns. This should only be done if the troupe has a sense
of balance.

One Point Flaws: These short-lived minor Flaws range from
watches spinning backward to minor power outages. Milk cur-
dling, flowers wilting or wisps of ectoplasm appearing are common
manifestations. The Storyteller might apply +1 difficulty to the
character's dice rolls for a very short time.

Two Point Flaws: Flaws of this nature are a little more potent
and begin to warp the character and the world around her. Scars
might re-open into wounds, glass might turn into sand or energies
might flow backwards, causing short circuits or clogged pipes. If the
Flaw interferes with the character's ability to function, the Story-

teller might increase her die roll difficulties for a scene or two.

Three Point Flaws: These Flaws often last for days and begin
to severely impede the character and warp reality around her.
Memories might become distorted, the magician's sense of timing
might become altered, and her hearing and vision may fade in and
out. At this level, Flaws become more than just uncomfortable,
they could place a magician at a significant disadvantage. A mage
might even take physical damage (one or two Health Levels) from
boils or sudden wounds.

Four Point Flaws: The mage with this level of Paradox may
find life quite hazardous for days on end. Four point Flaws can alter
the physical make-up of her body — bones turn to wood, vision
inverts or severely distorts (the world seems upside down or darker
than midnight), basic body functions might ce:

, Operate in

reverse or work faster than is healthy. Significant damage (two to
four Health Levels) is possible, and the magician may find it
difficult to function.


Five Point Flaws: These major Paradox Flaws can drastically
alter the character. They can change a character's Attributes
dramatically for short periods of time (adding or subtracting three
dots of Strength for a day) or alter them slightly but permanently
(one dot of Strength gone forever! ). The
blinded fora significant amount of time or may be unable to control
her nervous system. Weird distortions of the human anatomy can
take place as well as distortions of the world around her (such as
inanimate objects turning to glass when touched). At this level, the
mage has trouble just getting out of bed.

Physical Backlash

(5-15 point backlash)

Paradox backlash is a vulgar attack on the character by reality
itself. The energies released by the tear in reality burn the charac-
ter. Roll for backlash only if the mage gains more than five Paradox
points at one time, or ifhe's foolish enough to allow over 10 points
to accumulate without release.

For every success on the backlash roll, the character receives
one aggravated Health Level of damage. The character may try to
soak this damage, but cannot heal it magickally — she must take
her bruises and live with the consequences of her actions. Really
huge backlashes can tear a mystick apart or cause huge area-wide
explosions. In the latter case, divide the damage by thi
people within a five-yard radius of ground zero.

amount of

The Storyteller determines the nature of the backlash, but it
should relate to the magick in use. A Mind backlash involves
headaches and brain hemorrhages; Matter backlash might turn
flesh to metal; Forces backlash usually involves tremendous light
shows and numerous striated burns. The highest level Sphere in
use is the type of magick most likely to damage the character.

Realms
(10+ point backlash)

Sometimes Paradox creates a pocket Realm and traps a mage
within. The most common victim of this imprisonment is a magi-
cian bursting with Paradox from flagrant vulgar magick use. The
pocket Realm sucks her in and seals her off from normal reality,
Quite often, anyone and anything near the magician get dragged in
along with her. This pocket Realm may become an entire adven-
ture. Storytellers are advised to use Paradox Realms only as a direct
part of their stories and not as a means of simple punishment.

The magick that caused the Paradox effect forms the Realm.
A Son of Ether who severely botches his roll to transform a
building into hydrogen gas with a matter converter might find
himself stuck in a Matter Paradox Realm. Most documented
Realms reflect the nature of the fatal Sphere:

Correspondence: Distances lose their meaning, direction is
impossible to judge, and depth perception fails completely.

Entropy: Odd random events occur without cause or effect.
ay increases to horrifying speeds or slows to suspension.

De

Forces: The victim finds herself trapped in a dimension
where normal physics are meaningless. Energies flow in reverse,
light and dark switch like a film negative, and static electricity is
rampant. In extreme cases, gravity and kinetic forces may become
reversed; objects fall up or not at all.

Life: Biological functions become completely distorted. Plant
life grows wildly, while animal life devolves. Life forms change shape
rapidly, and the mage experiences various rapid body fluctuations.

magician may find herself

Matter: All matter becomes jumbled into chaos; solids be-
come ethereal, gasses become solid brick, and liquids lose dens
and float freely.

Mind: The mage becomes trapped within the nearest mental
prison: her own mind. The mage, and anyone trapped with her, is
subjected to her darkest fears and neurosis.

Prime: This Realm is the most difficult to explain, but many
surviving Verbena have simply stated, "Pure energy," before
collapsing.

Spirit: The spirit of the mage is torn away and locked in an
Umbral or Dream Realm; her body lies in a catatonic heap.

Time: Paradox sticks the victims in a loop of time, replaying
the events of her crime repeatedly. In extreme cases she may find
herself in a past or a future where the world she knows might not
exist yet or has ceased.

Every Paradox Realm has a way out. They are not meant as
eternal prisons, but rather as rehabilitation. Only those magicians
too arrogant or stupid to realize their mistakes disappear forever.
The wise mage will try to understand her mistake and use that
knowledge to escape. She must learn that magick cannot solve all
of one's problems; any further use of magick only makes things
worse. Escape from a Realm may be as easy as walking out of room
or could stretch over an entire game session of soul-searching. The
Storyteller determines the exact nature of the Realm and its
resolution, based on the backlash and the player's actions.

Spirits

(any size backlash)

Reality police incarnate, Paradox spirits form when some
aspect of reality has been violated in an especially obnoxious way.
Some mysticks believe that the victim himself creates the spirit
out of his own fear or anger.

Invisible to the mortal eye (except for the ones who Mate-
rialize; see "Umbrood" in Chapter Nine), Paradox spirits punish
a magician in any number of ways. Some are merely annoying,
while others are instantly fatal. The bigger the backlash, the
nastier the spirit.

Some vengeful spirits have adistinct intelligence and person-
ality; others appear only once, then fade away. Some even yank
mysticks into Paradox Realms where they supposedly punish the
offender for eternity. The Appendix has several infamous sample
Paradox spirits. Storytellers are encouraged to invent their own to
keep their players guessing.

Onbelief

(not applicable)

Unbelief is the power through which Paradox eradicates
fantastical monsters and magickal creations. "Normal" reality cannot
accept dragons or unicorns, instant cloning or alien invasions. The
great subconscious majority destroys these things through Unbelief.

The battle over what is believable and what is not lies at the
core of the Ascension War. Unbelief is the Technocrats greatest
ally; mythical beasts die, taking away the Traditions' only allies,
while the Technocracy stockpiles HIT Marks disguised in human
flesh or cloned duplicates of regular people. All the same
Union cannot field hyper-tech nightmares or ul
androids without this subtle backlash causing thei
fall apart, go mad or die. The mythic Bygones are sa
this plane because of Unbelief. It's the ultimate exp
status quo: that which should not exist cannot.

Chapter Eight: Magick Ri


NG All
g There are a great many theories about the nature of this

"balancing factor." Whatever the truth may be, Unbelief causes
outlandish creatures to sicken and die; the more otherworldly a
beast appears, the quicker its demise. The effect is stronger in
technologically-based areas, weak in hidden places and possibly
non-existent in those few shreds of primal Earth left. Unbelief

works itself out in ways that seem acceptable to the subconscious
of the majority. Sea monsters which stick to the bottom of the
ocean or alien lights that vanish into the night sky leave no
evidence to mark the disappearance of the unbelievable.

Quiet

‘0 I cry sometimes when I'm lying in bed

Just to get it all out what's in my head

Then I start feeling a little peculiar

— 4 Non-Blondes, "What's Up"

An insane mage is a terrible thing. This by-product of
Paradox holds a mystick hostage to her own delusions. The

character's perception of reality twists and warps through her own
subconscious. She sees things that don't exist, smells and hears
things that aren't there and takes damage from creatures that only
exist in her mind. Sleepers rightly view Quiet as insanity, and
magicians affected by it might find themselves locked in an asylum
when they r

cover.

Paradox isn't the only cause of this insanity. Botched sensory
and Mind magicks most often lead to Quiet, but external forces
an bring it on as well; powerful Mind attacks, severe emotional
shocks, badly failed Seekings and extreme old age can trigger this
so-called "twilight." Paradox energies will still "burn off" if some
other force causes the madness, but the mage will have to find her
own Way out.

The higher a mystick's Paradox Pool is when Quiet sets in,
the deeper the madness becomes. At lower lev

s, the magician
sees or hears minor distractions. At medium levels, objects seem
to fade in and out of reality, only to revert to normal when
perceived directly. At the highest levels, a mad mage loses touch
with reality and might accidentally kill someone or be killed in the
process. The Storyteller can go wild with these delusions; any-
thing is possible. Although many elements of the Quiet will relate
to the character's internal conflicts, some are totally random.

Quiet Chart

rations may "appear

Quiets are best prepared for in advance. They work better for
single-player sessions than for troupe adventures. We recommend
that Storytellers allow a mage's Paradox to build up before begin-
ning a Quiet-related storyline.

Coping with Quiet

A Quiet-ridden mystick may try to disbelieve his delusions by
spending a Willpower point and making three successes on a
Perception + Intuition roll, difficulty 7 (see "Willpower" in
Chapter Six). This isan all-or-nothing roll; partial successes make
the manifestation seem even more realistic to the character, while
botches cause the manifestation to become a temporarily real
"hobgoblin.

Either way, the Willpower is spent.

Disbelieving will not make the madness go away. Until the
Paradox is discharged, hallucinations will plague the mage. Each
point of Willpower spent disbelieving reduces the backlash by
one, however, soit is possible to "will" yourselfsane. It's dangerous
and exhausting, though, and who knows when you may need that
Willpower for more important things?

Hobgoblins

Quiet delusions rattle skeletons in a mage's darkest closets.
They often reveal secrets, fears or conflicts that a mystick would
rather deny. When such delusions actually appear to others, the
mage is in for a hell of a time.

A hallucination that becomes real as a result of a botched
disbelief roll is called a hobgoblin. This could be anything from an
annoying noise to a rampaging monster. If the hobgoblin becomes

acreature, it will have Health Levels equal to the offending mage's
Arete and the same Abilities as the sorcerer (including combat but

not magick). These creatures cannot soak damage, but are highly
adept at causing trouble. Hobgoblins lose a Health Level each day
they exist, as reality forces the se. A Master's
manifestations, however, can lasta long time, and there
limit to the number of hobgoblins which can exist at once.

ibomination to ¢

no upper

Inanimate hobgoblins stay around for a number of days equal
to the mage's Arete. They don't usually cause as much trouble as
their animated cousins, but may prove embarrassing.

and "disappear" interm! tently. Examples od

elusions biects or altet 2 E is that
Paradox Pool Feinrfilleinaions ceri ¢ rene rolled Lastsaday ors sgs which donocexis of miss 1
smells, dista e even touch things weeks or more
13 ti, strange smens » may see, hear or even faraway look for tWO. c
ei ae commons the mage Hr [hoods alter, and he gets @ i oe okestis
elusi ‘ tile. sitivity or wild ha
4-6 do. Some seem benign, en ve blindness, Se on for months if a Jnings he does
(7 PS backfire, indus jn solid form. This may there (and the things
Victim's senses »s delusions in soli a he spends the! ‘i last
7-10 voce manifesting the mae's delusions Tm design. The time He Per. This Quiet ull
vt mage becomes trapped in AMINES? pox Pool and the nest
e mage ns don the size of the Fa
i+ ‘le dreaming") depen'
while "dre
indefinitely- Difficulty
Traits zs 7
i itio
Other rolls Perception + Intuit us 69
Disbelieve delusions Perception + Meditati Fe
Trance Willpower
Communication Wits + Enigmas
indscape duration
Reduce minds


Y
\

Y

AEN ||

6LI Sa[nyy Yorseyy -1ys1q sardeyo)

‘Ajwuazayip avouy sadeur ‘1a1e] 10 aU0Og "BuoIM st
asa BuryAAs9aa puke 991109 st Sun auo AyUO IeEp Sunsisut Aq jp9sit
SHUI] Ing "YAN axp Jo saoype saLuTeD Yseg "313eu a8pay pue uoNNs
-aadns ‘uorsi]as ‘aoua}3s out sarejsuEN ArowDUL-aoen sip ‘stadaa[g
© | "pasnag ues 1amod ey Moy jo dsea3 aanimaut ue aaey ajdoad je
det spuersiopun asepy ans ye YaMod awios Auze> sButag JoYI0 pure
soweu ‘swam ysnoyL ‘oq IYsIU smatA asoup JOArIVYA ‘SMA INO
{PMN ppom ay Sursow jo wy aup st pep "supra ‘Buin Ayye107
s} 90 OU ang ‘AYU AJauTIUD st 3UO OU — IaAaMoY ‘UOISIA DUO 01

oJUO9.10U Sdop AnTeaY "YAN Jo poas aup Aud sjatjaq s11Jo [Je pue
‘shouiaisdtu pue asea st ssaUyLEG] Jo PHO ALL "UMO AIT Jo aMOd
ou ploy sadiourad pur siadead ‘sx2afqo rey Avs 02 2,Ust SIL

J posoaseur sey ay aey YsNoud AjBuos sararjaq ay ft
UY 10} 910m JatJaq ese adadde 01 sasooYD UosIad e SuRAWY "INI|ND
Ino UNLPIM soreUOSAL BAaTEYM ‘SUBIsop 9UvaLE ‘siA199s ‘sIDA/Go pares
‘aokead ‘sjeapio ‘Sunasey ‘Apmas paroaap ‘Aseasda auep— ,asttas-1UNo,,
sty sh 2a18 Yoryan sun asoup woyy a]Ing axe sapAas pex>Ieyy "ppom
auepunu oy Woy 1arays Jo Suyjaay auuos sh Buug "seIHUNR) YSnoyppE

"yptya siiuyya—sn aaour yorya sduryp ays UL y>1SeUs 10} Yo] 9.4,

gZ9]AJG @ SoDUON JU] JEYM

*asn yore ano4 Suyjaadsors pue
Burkeydajor yam op o1 BuryaAuaaa sey a]Aas aeyp ‘Sunasedqjads jo

sajna aya Yai op 01 apy] sey at YBnoY J "Aayeas sI]E Or WEY MOTTE
rey sajdioutd ayp Ut yateJ aos suFeIAd |]!I8 aBeuL e ‘saznbax a]Aas
Sit] 190) up spuassuEn oy Yaya U9ag "Uy IY YOM 02 sasn ay weED
Yprjaq 10 ‘wSypered ay a9yax 190) pue a]Aas s,1a4L0aN]]LM Y
"syatpaq s,98ew ayp ur dn punom Ajqesedasut st
My atp ‘a8eyy Uy ‘uodeam yeou Jayoue asnf our y>!HeW SuruIN
jo aes Surdejdajou Aue ut zauep k s,ax9yL "Ysnoua paz

seydwio
dq 1oUULD sip Yorjaq YBosyA pajauULYD st J9m0d YorIshyy

saJAJS yoISey)

"aaataq 0 paau js saseypy
11 SMOUY 4219D1NY9 DYX URDU I,USAOP OS-PUL-—Os 40} sND0} & PIdU
1,usoop aSew sty rey smouy sakyd v asnedag asn{ ‘aioWUaYINY
"uo sit
uo [nyasn aq Aeus ‘und e 40 aouep & ay] ‘AILAII9E JO sNd0} Y «
$Surdejdo]or Jo uny ap pue sures aya jo a1mxa1 ay 01 sppe ay «
tes[na swaas uayo aoymou Woy xIseyy
-Jequap!outOd urd9s Ae sNd04 10 9]A1s UDAIB e ‘pasn ALadoIg @

ssaSequear

Sutmo] {0} 94 aavy Aayp ang ‘a19yMtou jo ino seadde sBunp Suryeur
Ajduys ueya sum aiowr ayer sjemu 20 190) UPEUS Bus]

2190.4 9SQ AYM

UeUNT|P| 9p Jo sued YoryA UT yom [IW yYoITEU

Jo spury YM MoUY s19]Ja1K10Ig pu sId4vjd sia] pue saoTadead

pur sjataq s,s919eeYD ANOA dn BuInVs 10} suoH sans s19}Jo UOID9S

SHY L[eMA aq Wed 11 Y>1TeUL 2 a]SOY Ppiom v UT SSuruTeyaIUa A[UO
JOU St 190} puke a}Aas sjoHshus anos BuLUYDC]

yu0m 9
a8eui v Surdejdojos inoge ued uny ay ang ‘9sin0>

UL 7 awh
, WRU JamMsue Janag e saasasap

nok are MOH,, UoRsonb ay, L

(OL pawue yy [J], 28puaypg esstayy -
Nok ysis ano] wu aq 01 2avY 2,upNOM |

ye NOK ayeUI NOK MOY SurUyop st

jo Quevodun oye sorueysaw au

"¢ sonuog Bursn wy,

{{]PdsanoA Bunseo

puvy Cut fo wyod ay: wi suapvo) pwontjod avy
"puns 01 sumrunow win prod | ‘01 parunm | ff

yorSeyy] Suppo A.1opg

-din e yons qaim op ues — sadejd e pue
— 29] ]9MK10Ig & 10] & 5,949] | ‘a1eq StUqap [vI!3oJOY>Asd JayI0 pue
solowiatn ‘siqnop Avy slang) "sysIsuE Mou atOS Yam adeospurUt
& Woy AvmE sawio> 14S1U Jae] pue a3eu Yioq ‘ousnof ayp
woy diary Aue ured 10U s9op ay a[NYAA "Artues sty 1940991 07 SUE
299g B UO S908 AJ9ANNDaYO J9I99I0s & ‘apIsUT SuNsoNb apy AA,

Ayuesuy Wod-] WOpsI MA

"stead 10 sypuOUT ‘sinoY 40} Ise] P]no> eUIOD sty
‘moy pue pauaddey rey uo Surpuadag "umo sty ay]UN OU eUIOD

 siaqU9 ays ‘pur s,98eU Zo\O 94D opIsU! peap 40 parwnsedesuy

dn pua ays pjnoyg "tayo o1 sey adesspuru ay saaoreya 07
aoa{gns ag |], 94s ‘ptsut UG "sassaoons Jo AUa| yam (19129q 10
€ PUI) 199g [9Aa]-YstY autos sarmnbar Ayjensn sty yp ‘adeospurut
B doqua Aeul Japisino Ue ‘yIHeW pulyy areas yBnomyy

‘aun Buoy 419A e 10j axayp aq [ys Aewr ay ‘UY
9]UP) Yam Jad asuo |jox ay ayeUt
Aquo eo ay ang ‘Kep auo Aq aum Jo Yp3uay ayp soonpar ssaoons

DAaLNAI 0} UI S208 aUOaWOS

ypry
donpas 01 Aun osje UeD a} "pazqzed ano sawOD 11 pue Vey UeYp ssa}

"p Aanoyyip asuresi

p SeUUBIU + SILA SHY SUNJOU Aq BUIOD sty

foSessaur zeapo e MOTTE (g Aa]NIJIP) [Jor 9MV0d]]1 44 B YA Sassazons

Up sswwTUNUTWOD O21 AN UeD aBeUI dtp ‘eruOIIeD BuLING
au08 st xopereg sty ‘saB19u19

yprisktu ayr way, "syaM J] Ise] Pino aouen aUuod-;] uy

"qutod tad yam auo sautosag JeAro1Ut ay "U1 S908 ay Lay a1

siutod gy 490 aue aay Jt {Jog ay Ut Xopereg Jo IUIOd A19A9 JOY
oom duo sisey AT]erdUDs eTUOIeIED advospuryy "PloMm jeoIshyd ay
yaye 1OUUED Ing ‘SUM ay Sur Aue Op AvUr apy "aIEIS HuOIEIED
& UI sureWal a8ew ayp ‘Urea JoUUT siya SUTpaARN apy AY

-dnos sneurespoypAsd & ort ssoupii9m pjoy-yo] pur Aydvasoas

Jeauns ‘sio1yUOD d1oquids soxtw adeospuru e IAIN) Jo sTUALA
Joyo 9y1"] ‘suoUap s9UUT sty tpIM sajddeas pur (|]Jor UoNENpayy +
uondasiag & ya Ayjensn) aouen e siaqua ayy "Aatues sty 1940991 01
asanb yenaurds e uo s908 ueriSew ap ‘sip Uy ‘advaspurue Burau
Aq 19uoos 11 advaso <jUO ued a8eur ayy, "9axZap Aq suoNeInp
areunxodde soars uey> ayp foun Buoy e asey UD IInd,

sodeospully


ayp asearour ues sradaayg uaaa
— jenuaiod reyp Surddea /
aie quids pue Apog ‘pur uewny ayy syenuaieg [eusaIUT «

soureu jo Jaquinu ue Jopun

q "samod eruaiod ssappua jo saounos

"sayAas yeyo1eu jo
JUaUID]9 UOUTUIOD ¥ suTeUDI SMe] DISeq s,UOHIaID Jo UONE|Ndruew
pue Apnas ayp ‘aq Aeus yan ayp saaaiey yy "Wey sey pue ‘ain
Ajduns sfuryp owos yey wrep> s1ayzo apryas noge wayp Surg Nos
‘squawiaya Ypns jo aouaysixa ayp Sunatwpe uadd Aq aeUp UTeIUTEUE

sisoayp attiog "ze]NI419 A|ssa[pua aq UeI— uO os pue aSensury ‘s

-skyd sejnsajow ‘euuey ‘siusta]9 ays ‘sonewaypeU ‘rey "araesd
sadi0} yons jo Ar] Iq!Xay pue suILI0 ayp Inoge suaWINaIY

sqUDWOAATYDE NyHUa!s pue pey1seur

payed aavy sisquaros oneID0UYDa] ay O2 sIAIsey, MNAUUD}

ayp Woy sosew ‘y]1m peuosiad on wayp Surpuag pue way Suuarseur

‘sa910y asoup Butasasqo Ag "00 ‘uoRneard adeys Y>rya s92103 ;BUOS
HOIYT, WNUaINg /saos04 PRIUUIA]T «

-soduit aue 919
[Je Jo ouut0> asou
ayp sdeysod st yo13ew jo wuawaja siyp ‘s1o10y UMOUXUN Jo suotI9P
‘stds ayp ‘ssoppog ayp ‘poo yatm sjeap aSew e 19yay jy ‘stoasuE
Asea sayjap pue ‘a1eqap Jo a9a/qns & sureurai sureszeq 4[PHOMUTyAG
Ur paafoaut []1M aay e Jo aasZop ay] "WY puNoIe siayO
Woy JO adeu aya Woy sedyLOes puewap Uso UOIsUaYyasdw0S
jo saBuny oyp ae sanaug "sBe aud Aures sdrysuoneyas yong
yprseyy ana adeiquia or sy stay papuedxa
avy auN INoYsnop soew ‘uoIs;ndwios 40 UoNe|Ndiuew ‘drys
~tom ‘syed ysnory, "Grmeuny UeYp J91a23 S924} IUAZHJAIUT Or
painquae A[uouuo9 are 11 MOU aM se POM ay Jo a18j JENAUDAD

ay pue sayer UOHeaID suo} aYp ‘Aa1]VAI LAAT YrYa SME] ULL
uontvass jo aoanos Jeutud ay parapisuos uayo st sonnua puess
BUY ATP}OMsIAO «

yann ayp Jo ansvaut aWos

ay20 20 spo8 ‘si1u1ds jo suo9e ay |

ploy wayp Jo [Ty ‘punosSy>eq UoUTUIOD v YSNoYyp WaYp Jo JeIDA9s
azi[Ian asow AUaUIa}2 9UO ATU Aq pauyap ae sa[as Mag "sou
HEC JO PHO, a4 UNLPIN sa}Aas AueUT Oy UOUTUIOD are 49A2MOY
‘s1uoWa[a pue saLoatp SurMo] IO} aY_[, ‘PUES 10 Yoo auO UI apnyout
19Ad 01 Sfatjaq, pue sapAIs [ADI

S9]A]G Jo SpusUI;A UOWLOD

uu AUB 002 axe a19y

J1DBILYD NOK JO} SIOM
JOAdIVYAM 9sn {91I99]99 a1e sa8eU WIopoyy "asoyp Aq parduIser
[99 2,U0p ang ‘suondo e1suaB auIos 19YO (xIg aadeyD 298)
sa]4as uoMmper | ay "seonovd umo Jay parudauT s,ays sdeyrog
jastue uy ‘idesuos rey ay soureU 1949as pur sUaIsop puRss ‘sjena
areloge]a soya YIM ‘sauorsAw JaUUa}Y yos9as ay Wap!

uv ays s[ yim sassodoad peorueysour pu [eoiuay> ‘syuswTadxa

‘oeNUUOY {ISMUAIDS & Ys Ss] "WAIpered soy OUT Yy YUIYP NoA
genau so saonaerd s9aaveyas 299] ‘91941 Wosg "[NLaMOd J9pIsuoD
pINOm ays sBuryp ay nod []92 |]! IeYp Ist punosByoeq Jy Tey
Ino ain ‘9]Aas s,r919EILYD ANA Surproap Udy, "sadope 40 wosy
satu saideseYD & aINI]N ay UT paseq aze sapAas [exD1SeY

skem a8uens Aaaad ur ay asta

wed 11 y8noyp *Ajar9|duro> AZojouysai proae rouued ,9]4Is,, 119

sadojouypar sop 02 pappoeys Aeas Adup ‘sny_] "I aTWpeE oO asnyor

Aaya ang — uM soyp se awes atp st y>13ew yDHIshw ey — YIN
ay Mouy Ae AUByy "step ada998 02 sasnyas AdeI90UYDI | 9y J,

quay! Hay? st at — Aarpear puag o1 way Ao]]e

leyp zaiseur Aoup aepNULIOS ay 0 TUEYD Kay sp1oM ay JOU Sty

‘dem A]uo ayp 10U St Aem a1oyp azipear Warp Jo AueUI ‘smox8 SuIpueas

-1opun sfayp Sy ‘UoReNUADUOD s1ay1 sNd0j 02 It asn pue paztdsut
aunyjno stay Jatfaq aya Aueo saBeur ‘uayemy Aaya Udy,

uolsuaosy ay] :adeyy

Ost


effect they have on the world around them. In their most basic
forms— martial arts, psychic talents, physical conditioning — the
energies within the self can do incredible, if static, things. Awak-
ening opens the door to magnify that potential to literally move
mountains. Some mages argue that all magick comes from the self,
and we might as well admit it already. Others call that hubris. In
any case, expanding, refining or even sacrificing on
al practices.

s self is a

common element in magic!

© Primal Energies: A crossroads element between divinity
and natural forces, the concept of primal forces goes to the heart
of the Tellurian to find those things which cause us to be. Some
mages personify these energies, others link them to principles, and
a few just accept them for what they are and deal with them
without definitions. Indeed, they say, by defining them, we miss
the point.

The Metaphysic Trinity (see Chapter Four) may be consid-
ered a diagram of primal forces at work, though some still view
these energies as Wyld, Weaver and Wyrm. True Magick taps into
the elements of change; labeling such forces is left to those who try
to understand them.

© Relationships: "Like affects like" is a common principle of
magick. Whether it applies to the sorcerer who drapes herself in
snakeskin to become a snake, the mirror which links two worlds or
the hair which carries mystick essence (or DNA strands), the idea
that you can affect one thing by possessing something related to it
is a common mystick element, especially in Correspondence,
Forces, Life and Time magicks.

Perhaps this element is
will of the gods. Whatever the source, there seems to be some
validity to the concept that "As is one, so is the other."

Foci

Foci are objects and actions that 2
magick. Unlike a Talisman, a focus has no magical properties of its
own. Ie' aritual, a weapon or drug that helps the sorcerer
enforce her will over reality. At first, the focus is a learning tool,
actutch the novice can lean on; soon it becomes an extension of
the mage. Eventually, the mystick transcends the need for the
crutch and may perform magick without it. That focus, however,
will always remain a part of the magician's paradigm. The belief in
the object or ritual still exists, but the mage has realized that it is
the power within, not without, that changes reality.

the

a scientific principle, perhaps

ist a mage when working

adance,

During character creation, the player should pick a focus for
each Sphere her mystick knows; these will often derive from her
style. She may choose to use a single focus for multiple Spheres, but
this can be devastating if she loses that. She should also decide
whether her foci are unique or standard. The player should have
some idea what tools the character may use if she learns any new
Spheres. She'll need one for each new Sphere she picks up.

Growing Beyond the Tool
A b

inning mage needs one focus for every Sphere she

knows. After she reaches Arete 2, she no longer needs to use a
focus for one of her Spheres, usually the first one she learned —her
"affinity Sphere" (see Chapter Nine). Every level of Arete after
that allows her to transcend one more focus for one more Sphere.
By the time reaches Arete 10, she no longer needs foci at all.

Lady into Tiger: Styles at Work

* Dreamspeaker (Life 4, Spirit 2)

Tjun-Tjun placed the last
thestone, bowing in supplicatioy
mask from the tree branch abo
in the forest and now held the

Tomorrow she would dance as the
rama, but tonight she would let the tiger run free.

She placed the mask overher face
of the dance, and felt the spirit of the
snarled then bent down a
offering bowl. Satisfied, she 1i
and padded towards the vag Bt fom

The humans had honored her
Alllexcept the one who had killed her
* Virtual Adept (Corres
Torie put on
hoist her up so she
The simul

bamboo, dirt u

ind lapped up the raw m

he gloves and goggles, letting the
could maneuver freely in VR

ation came on-line, and it w
under her feet, e
heightened for v (

are crisimilitude; Or maybeshe should
¢ the simulation had made hera tigress,

heavy body move with Preternatural grace.
wgeren = od She roared and stamped her right p:
ek ie he ‘som Part of the program to kick in Itdid,
ee a ferred to the satellite, then beamed back down to the
a holographic projection of a tigel al
Particles. Nothing inside, of course, but forcefield
Projected at just the right densities to give the illusion
Torie crouched behind the
New World Order's new assistan,
have a very bad day very soon.

illusion of life.
trash dumpster, waiting. The
t undersecretary w;

While
agiven Sphere, it may still be neces
Elizabeth, a member of the Order of Herm
as her focus for both Spirit and Life magic
discard that candle when working Spirit magic. She must, how-
andle for her Life magi

magician may no longer need a particular focus for
sary if she uses it for others. If

es, uses a burning candle
, she could, at Arete 2,

ever, still use the

Foci can still be useful, even when unnecessary. A magician
who uses a focus she doesn't need will find that it still helps her
concentrate. The Storyteller should reduce the magick difficulty
by -1 for all magick performed with that focus for Spheres that no
longer require it. Elizabeth, from the previous example, no longer
needs a burning candle to perform Spirit magick. If a situation
arises where she does not have a candle or enough time to light
one, she can still use the Spirit Sphere. However, if she uses the
candle anyway, her difficulty will be reduced by -1. She would not
get the bonus when using Life magick, even though both Spheres
share the same focus.

The Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepts are not as flexible as
their Tradition cousins. Their mindsets cling to the Technocratic
idea of reality too closely to abandon foci so easily. A member of
either of these Traditions may abandon one focus per Sphere when
she reaches an Arete of 5; this increases on a two-for-one basis at
Arete 6. These two Traditions also receive the -1 difficulty when
using foci that become unnecessary.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 181

of the incense and offerings upon
n tohonor thespirit, then took the
ve. It had gathered Power out here
spirit of the tiger as well as its face,

tiger in the Wayang

oing through the moves
tiger move into her. She
eat from the
her whiskers

So she would let them live,

pondence 2, Forces 3, Prime 2)
Buy wires
‘as perfect — trees,
ven an aromatic component,
ay purr-fect,

» and she felt her large,

aw, the
and her

t composed of virtual
and light

‘as going to

The same scale applies to Orphan Technomancers. Though
he's self Awakened, Cheshire still needs to jack into his computer
focus fora while. When he achieves Arete 5, Cheshire can choose
to transcend the need for his computer when performing Forces
magick. If he continues to use the computer for that Sphere

anyway, he reduces his Force magick difficulties by -1

IS

Members of the Technocracy currently hold sway over real-
ity. Since thisis the case, they're subject to their own laws. By their
own decree, candles cannot perform magick. Thus, Technocrats
can never perform magick without using some technological
apparatus. They cannot reduce their difficulties by using unneces-
sary foci, since some focus will always be necessary. They cannot
reated, a flaw which Tradition mages

transcend what they have
would do well to exploit.

That Personal Touch:
Standard, Personal & Onique Foc

Not every mage will have the same focus; foci are as diverse
as the mysticks who use them. When a mage begins the long road
to Ascension, she has an individual belief about the way the

universe operates, and her chosen foci reflect this. Thus, they're
very personal items.

© Standard foci are those items or rituals that are used by a
large proportion of a Tradition. These stereotypical foci are most
commonly associated with that group. Tradition mages
are not bound to certain foci. They may share similar beliefs and

however,

styles, but each mage chooses what suits him best.

* An individual chooses her personal foci, but her style and
belief in the magick she creates defines them. Elizabeth, the
Hermetic mage from the above example, chooses to use a burning
ts, although most Hermetic magi still
use a drawn or carved circle. During character creation, the player
should take the time to personalize her choice of foci to match her
character's belief system.

candle to focus Spirit Effe

* A focus might beso important to a character's belief system

that it becomes unique. This has both advantages and disadvan-

tages for the mage. One who practices with a unique focus will find
that reality bends easier to her will. A unique focus, however, is
nearly irreplaceable and must be well cared for.

While ordinary itemsare fine for most, the discriminating mage
will choose something worthy of her Art. A hand-crafted Japanese
katana passed down through five generations provides a magus with
a better sense of focus than a cheap switchblade. The personal
investment of a unique item is not necessarily a matter of material
value alone, but of personal value as well. A cheap necklace given to

a magician by her mother may become a unique focus, where
thousands of necklaces like it are so much scrap metal. A mage who
uses a unique focus may reduce her difficulties by an additional -1
(max. -3, total) when employing the focus with its intended Sphere.

The problem with a unique focus, as opposed to a universal
one, is that itis unique. Ifa magus loses his Matter focus, a rock, he
won't be able to use the Matter Sphere until he picks up any new
rock; no big deal. However, if his focus was a rune-covered rock

given to him by a wise man, he might have a little more trouble

has been through this already, and can do it at 2 x the
in experience points. Still, it's a pain. For this reason,
ly guard their unique foci.

ge: The Ascension

Blending In:
Technomagick and
Mythic Threads

A focus may, at times, make the difference between vulgar or
coincidental magick. Ifa Sleeper witnesses something unexplain-
able within the realms of "normal" reality, a Paradox may occur.
If the witness felt the Effect was within the realm of possibility,
that Paradox can be avoided. Foci can dress up magick so that it
e, that nothing abnormal has oc-

appears, to the untrained ¢

curred.

Mages who use technology as.a focus have an advantage over
others. A Sleeper is much more likely to accept a high-tech bio-
scanner or DNA analyzer than chalk circles or magic spells.
Virtual Adepts can perform "miracles" on their computers that no
Sleeper could recognize as magick. Sons of Ether have devices

that, while unorthodox, do not necessarily break the laws of
reality; only the more outlandish ones invoke Paradox. Members
of the Technocracy have foci that cloak their magick in more
tic" terms.

This isnot to say thata Technomancer with a ray gun can run
around New York leveling skyscrapers. The Effect produced must
be within the realm of current possibility. Though the agents of
the Technocracy have access to many high-tech foci, these d

eed current technology to such an extentas to make them

as unbelievable as any magick spell. Futuristic magick of this
degree would probably be disbelieved by the un-Awakened almost

as easily as waving a bone around. Technomancers are certainly
more flexible when it comes to coincidental magick, but they still
have limitations.

Technological foci are often useful as mundane tools, A

Virtual Adept can always use his computer as a computer when he
isn't conjuring lightening bolts with it. Depending upon which
theory a Son of Ether holds, he might use X-ray machines, Geiger
counters or blenders, any of which have ordinary uses. The same
holds true for the Technomancers, whose weapons may shoot

people without invoking any magick at all

Mystick mages do not have it so easy. A smart one can use her
foci to her advantage, however. A well-used focus can reduce the
chances of Paradox. Items that have some mystick resonance in
common folklore — martial arts, Tarot cards, crystal magic,
séances or religious "miracles" — are known by some Traditional-
ists as Mythic Threads, bits of magick that have worked themselves
into the collective unconscious. Through some inherent symbol-

ism, memory or intrinsic power of the items themselves, Mythic
Threads tap into that part of humanity that wants to believe in
or still remembers its existence. Some Technocrats (and

magic
many Sleepers) have done their best to trivialize such items, but
some power still lingers. A smart mystick can turn this collective
memory to his advantage

Magickal Geography and Influence lists places where some
foci and s

yles work better than others.

aa)

Sample Foci

The following is a list of possible foci. This list should in no
way limit the type of foci used for characters, but should rather be
used as list of examples.

Art: The mage creates a piece of art (chalk drawing, pencil
sketch, sculpture, computer graphic, etc.) which focuses her will and
intent. The magician usually createsan image of the Effect she wishes
toproduce. The drawings of Marauders, often left behind after aspell,

can drive a Sleeper into either insanity, Awakening or both.

Blood: The essential life fluid holds a lot of power. It's often
used in rituals evoking Prime and Life magick, although it's
certainly not limited to these u

Books: Books communicate various insights to new genera-
tions. The Order of Hermes has an extensive library of spells,

Iteration X employs technical manuals without number, and some
Marauders raid comic book stores.

Bones: The bones of animals, fish, humans or just about
anything else can focus one's will. Bones are often carved into
wands or become part of a sacrifice

Cauldron/Chalic

and practically immobile. Many Verbena ust

The traditional

ildron is large, black
a cauldron to whip

up various concoctions. Sons of Ether mix new metal alloys or
chemical solutions in modern versions. Cups, bowls or chalices
often hold precious liquids or allow mages to share some form of
communion.

Circle: By drawing ona floor, wall or table with chalk, ash or
blood, the mage can create wards of protection and summoning
es. Different Arts and styles require different types of circle.

circ
Depending on its complexity, the circle can take as long as two
hours to create and quite possibly longer.

Computer: The computer may bean advanced portable oran
old IBM clone with faulty wiring. While simple Effects may take
no more than a couple of seconds, major ones might ta

e minutes
or even hours of programming time. (See "Items of Power" in
ter Nine.)

Crystals: Crystals gained popularity
Sleepers, due mostly to their effectiveness as a concentration aid.
The type of crystal usually defines which Art may be performed,
but this is up to the player.

ars ago with the

Dancing: The type of dance depends solely on the character.
Dances usually take a minute or two for completion and may
require an Ability roll or two.

Devices: The common Technocratic foc
fused with magickal Talisman Devices. Sons of
their own devices, which rarely work for anyone other than

s, Not to be con-

ther often design

themselves ("You just don't understand the theory!").
D

form to access their magick. This meditative focusing of the will

can take time and will certainly draw attention to the mage.

Akashic Brothers almost exclusively use this martial art

Drugs: Chemicals that induce alternative states of conscious-
ness cloud "normal" reality, allowing for new insights into the inner
workings of the universe. The Cult of Ecs
but the Progenitors have many pharmaceuticals, and some Maraud-
ers probably use too many. Drugs have certain inherent drawbacks,

rasy tops the list of users,

including cost, legality, addiction and hangovers.
Elements: Common in spirit-guided, sympathetic and scien-

tific magicks, elemental materials — earth, fire, air, water, incense,
glass, metal, wood, electricity, mud, ash, etc. — channel powers

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 183

WOK

NO All

IW

that a mystick wants to use. These may be placed on an altar,
burned, shaped, consumed, observed or otherwise used to tap into
some greater force. Many sorcerers feel that such elements have
innate powers of their own.

Ether Goggles: This is a classic example of a Sons of Ether
focus (who else would wear them?). These goggles are heavy and
cumbersome and filled with a weird gas. Ether goggles represent
only one of the numerous devices which Sons of Ether employ.

Feather: Like bones or blood, a feather from any bird or
mythical beast holds the life-force of that animal and can be used
to help produce magickal Effects. Representative of flight and the
spirit, it is often used as a focus for Spirit magic

Fire: A small flame or a burning house may be necessary for
. Nephandi often set huge infernos

a mage to perform her magic
to take the full advantage of the focus

Formula: No Technomancer would be complete without
mathematical equations or physics models to support her theories
ordesign specifications. Some Nephandi and the Order of Hermes
also use ritualistic formulae in forgotten languages.

Herbs: Many mages use the inherent properties of certain
plants to invoke their magick. These herbs can be sprinkled, eaten
or mixed into a potion. Progenitors often use chemical e»

racts
from rare plants for cloning or regeneration.

Holy Symbol: Faith is a very important power. The mage
who believes in a higher being can focus his belief through some

symbol of that divinity. This usually counts as a unique focus.

Incense: The inhalation of burning incense may help a
magician concentrate on the way he wants reality to be and ignore
the way it is. Nephandi have a similar focus that involves inhaling
the fumes of burning hair.

Language: Words have power; indeed, they may be magickal in
and of themselves. Nearly every culture has a sacred language for
religious activities or other mystical experiences. The members of the
Celestial Chorus use prayer to enforce their will, while Dreamspeakers

and Nephandi speak extinct languages with similar results.

A special magickal language, called Enochian, communi-
cates directly with the elements and spirits. Very few outside the
Order of Hermes still know this language, but those who use it can
perform tremendous magickal Effects. Specific intonations create
different feats. Mispronunciations can be fatal! This language is

effective as a primitive form of communication.
Music: Whether the magician must listen toa specific song or
perform the music is up to the player. Reproductions of the music
through various media — compact disc, tape, vinyl, 8-track (only
a Son of Ether!) — are acceptable. If the mage must create the
music, it might be a specific song, certain guitar lick or even a
mystickal note. In any case, the willworker must have the instru-
ment or playback device in order for the focus to be of any use.

Network: The communication internet is neces
various Virtual Adept and Technomancer Effects.

Ordeal: A mage may inflict terrible pain upon his body to
focus his magickal ability. Many Dreamspeakers perform painful
ordeals to gain knowledge of the future or access to the spirit
world. Nephandi often use this practice on other people.

ary for

Pure Water: Many mages drink, bathe in or sprinkle pure or
blessed water as a focus.

Purification: Many mages or various Traditions find com-
plete body purification necessary for certain Spheres, usually
Spirit or Life.

184

Mage: The Ascension

Ritual Sacrifice: Nephandi, more than any other group, per-
form this repulsive act. It usually involves a long ceremony ending in
animal orhuman sacrifice. The Order of Hermes, Verbena, Christian
sand Dreamspeakers have all been known to use sacrifices in
— though the mage himself may be the sacrifice

Runes: Magical writing carved into or near the target may help
create an Effect. This could be engraved in a door, a road, a person
(ouch!) or just about anything. The carving should be done by hand
and can take seconds or minutes, depending on the complexity. At
least one Hermetic mage used laser-printed self-adhesive labels; she

hasn't been heard from since.
Th
sure energy in the surrounding area. They can scan the energies of
the various Spheres.

Scientific Meters and Probe: hand-held devices mea-

Sex: Sexual rituals, or just the very act itself, can heighten or
alter one's consciousness when done right. On the dark side, the

Nephandi sometimes use this focus with repulsive results

Song: Similar to the music focus, a voice held at specific note
is said to focus one's will. Modern sorcerers utilize rap and even
heavy metal as their foci. Marauders often sing nonsensical nursery
rhymes.

Tarot cards and Ouija boards: Sleepers view these items and

others like them as amusing diversions and nothing more. Mages
as foci.

recognize that this makes them perfect for us
Treatments: Although the Technocracy makes common use
of special treatments (implants, chemical baths, injections, etc.),
body art, piercing, ritual baths and other preparations serve the
same function in other styles.
Toys: Mages who never grew up (or who just enjoy neat plastic
nos) might employ toys as their foci. At least one Marauder uses
aplastic magnifying glass from the bottom of a box of Cracker Jacks

to focus a wide-angle laser.
Vehicles: Common Technocracy foci include special planes,
ins and automobiles. Such vehicles can also be powerful weapons.

Wand: The standard of a bygone era, a wand can be made of
wood or metal. Certain wands may be unique items passed down
from the Dark Ages or earlier.

Weapon: As extensions of personal power, weapons of all kinds
have become common magickal items and foci. The Akashic Broth-
ethood utilizes martial arts weapons like katana or shuriken;
Euthanatos often use whips or rifles; Verbena and the Nephandi
make use of knives and daggers. The Technocracy consistently uses
all types of weaponry, and some Iteration Xers have built-in weapons.
These foci may be either unique or not, depending on the character.

Magickal Geography
and Influence

The Ascension War touches all places known to mages, from
urban centers to the void of space. Each faction has some place of
power where their magick has the coincidental edge. This edge,
aided by the beliefs of the people— or the lack of them —keeps any
one side from total victory... as of yet.

Coincidental magick is the "gray area" that defines a place of
power. What is vulgar in one place may be coincidental in another.
True Magick is never "just part of the landscape" — on Earth, it is
either coincidental or vulgar — but, by working with a place's
reality rather than against it, a willworker may accomplish more
while risking less.


Storytellers and players should keep these "flex areas" in mind
when using magick. The boundaries of reality, however, stretch only
so far, no matter who or where you are. Wild magick — levitated
buildings, instant teleportation, time travel, etc. — is still always
vulgar in the material world, wherever (and however) it iscast. Magick
with no explanation (i.e., no foci, ritual or Mythic Thread) works the
same way — if a noticeable Effect comes from nowhere, mortal
observers will not accept it as normal.

Technocratic Control

* World Industrial Powers: Reality, within the industrialized
nations, belongs completely to the Technomancers. Although direct
control of these nations' rural areas gets shaky, reality throughout
much of the "modern world" conforms to the Technocratic vision.

Magick done under the auspices of "technology" is usually coinciden-
tal unless some pocket of mystick belief lingers there, and mystick
magick is an aberration. Node points, worship spots, magick Sanc-
tums, exceedingly rural places and the darkest urban blights escape
this static mold, but in most public places, reality works the way the
Technocracy would have it.

© Scientific Centers: Paradox is totally on a Technomancer's
side in these strongholds. Labs, mass-media centers, working facto-
ries, computer centers and such are suicide spots for mysticks — the
backlashes they incur are often deadly. This sheds some light on the
Virtual Adepts' and Sons of Ethers' role in the Council; under strict
Technocratic reality, their magick still has a better chance of
working than any mystick's does.

Contested Areas

* Undeveloped Nations: Outside the "modern world," the limits
of coincidence conform largely to the beliefs of the people there. Rural
Africa, South America and most of Asia are battlegrounds held largely
by the mages who have lived there for centuries. Neither Tradition-
alist nor Technomancer has a clear advantage in these ar
they know the mystick "language." (The Occult and Culture
Knowledges come in very handy here!) Like anywhere else, reality has
only so much give, but mages who work through natural spirits, gods
and the sacred self (often using chanting, prayer, ritual and physical
disciplines like Do) can get with more than those who employ
computers, machines, alien magicks or nothing at all.

¢ The Middle East: Decades ago, the Technocracy fought a
bloody war to control the vast Quintessence reserves that spring from
the cradle of humanity. Though they won that battle, the millennia
of religious belief that also comes with this territory sets their edge off-
kilter. Paradigms clash here like they do in few other places on Earth.
Subtle mysticks whose magick taps into the dominant cultures here
still works coincidentally, and even the occasional miracle is still
possible. Technomagick also works well in the Middle East —too well.
Although Paradox (usually in the form of mechanical failure, sand
storms, Quiet or "terrorist acts") fouls more mechanical Effects, subtle
Conventions like the Syndicate and NWO ha'
the local paradigm.

‘as unless

firm control over

© Virtual Reality: Paradox takes a strange form in the Net —
whiteout. This localized systems crash, devastating to anyone in the
area, keeps all factions on their toes here. Changing things is easy
here, but conjuring them is not. Although incredible Effects are
possible (morphing, teleportation, even flight) and may be done
coincidentally, sudden and brutal magicks (Force blasts, disintegra-
tions, instant creations, Time fluctuations) may cause the whole area
to crash. Net Runners prefer to keep their fights down to a dull roar.

Example of Style Creation

Shadow is putting together her new character, Atropos,
After going through the usual steps, she puzzles out bee eos
style and foci. Atropos is an Orphan, so she's a clean slate.
Shadow can do whatever she wants.

As a kid, Atropos grew up in a middle-class iia Ce
household, absorbing some cultural influences from each. a
grandmother was her only friend; a rotten home life left bes witl
a disrespect for authority and a fear/ respect for the mn omy
‘of Fate. She left home shortly before Awakening ans et ae
scams for food. Thus, she has some Cae European beliefs,

icism and an intuitive grasp of Fate.
Es ae te begins with three Spheres: Entropy, Life a
e. Her main focus, dice, channel her link with Fate and aie
primal forces (Entropy). The second, a knife, rere st
aggressive nature, self-defense and the cutting of Life's d a is.
These are both personal —she has no Tradition but her own, #
third focus, a battered pocket watch her grandmother owned,
ween her present and her family's past

represents a link bet
(Time). It's a unique focus.

Her style involves me the

i elemental forces of

ee watch also links her coher grandmother's ghost es

she wouldn't admit it. She wields the knife herself — it links her

' actions to her will and lets her get up close and personal. we

| pagan friends, Atropos adopts a bit of sympathetic magick Say

she'll use effigies orremnants of targets for some spel ale

Atropos may shift her foci around. She'll understan : 2 a

controls Fate, though the dice may still aid her with ott ai

She mightadd some neo-pagan foci later, or utilize street sy 4
spray-paint designs, bits of trash, jewelry or body a = a

Shadow thinks would be appropriate as Atropos develops:

dice and the watch to check her
Fate and time. She may secretly

* Urban Sprawls: The chaos factor works in the lowest pits
of the urban wastelands — any significantly complex reality
breaks down. In these blights, the Mad and the Fallen Ones hold
sway. The parameters of coincidental magick very wildly, here, for
nothing is certain for long and people have learned not to
question. By day, reality works much as it does anywhere in the
industrialized nations. But when night falls, almost anything goes
— spirit possession, sudden explosions, miracles, acts of science
and acts of the gods may be coincidental one moment and vulgar
the next. Paradox, if it comes, is more vicious here than in almost
any other place. Urban blights include the sewer systems, dumps,
slum basements, forgotten subway tunnels, subcities and the
nastiest back-alleys and nightclubs.

* Rural Areas: Away from the cities, people still believe in
things other than science. Although most forms of magick work as
they do anywhere else in the modern world, certain mysticks, such
as Christian ministers, witches, shamans or wacky professors, can
get away with more than they would normally be able to. Even
those "favored" by a certain local belief must step lightly — flying
on broomsticks is never a good idea these days — but the usual
limits of "coincidence" are a bit more flexible in rural spots. The
Technocrats are taking steps to remedy this.

* Horizon Realms: Reality, in these custom-built Realms,
works the way their makers want it to work. A Realm established
by Hermetic Masters will count any Effect cast with the Hermetic
style as coincidental (or even normal). Any HIT Mark that sets
foot in the place would be a Paradox magnet. Autocthonia's

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 185

reality works in just the opposite way — reality is what the
Machine will accept. In a Native American-established Realm,
neither form of magick would be acceptable. These "custom
paradigms" keep successful Horizon Raids rare. When running
such Realms, figure what forms of magick would be coincidental
there and which would not.

 Etherspace: Beyond the Horizon, there is no Paradox. All

forms of magick work equally well and with equal effect — there
are no "vulgar" forms of magick here. It is said that Realms in
Etherspace conform to the settlers' reality, but space itself remains
free for all.

Mystick Strongholds

© The Near Umbra: Most Technomancers deny the exist
" With the exceptions of the

ence of these "alternate dimensions.
Void Engineers and the mysterious Syndicate (who understand
es must avoid high-tech
E
rumored "Cyberrealm" of the Middle Worlds or astral concept
Realms, exist, but for the most part, the hand of the Technocracy

the laws of this place), Technocracy ma
magicks throughout the Near Umbr:

ceptions, such as the

has left little imprint on the spirit world, other than a bizarre
"Weaver web" which reflects the stasis of the Technocrats' influ-
ence.

© The Hidden Places: Places exist where the Technocracy has
never won. Far beyond the modern world and from human
habitation, period — these primal spots still contain the mystick
essence of creation's beginnings. All technomagick is vulgar here,
no matter who uses it, and many forms of "mundane" technology
simply refuse to work at all. A few Asian mountain tops, parts of the
Amazon and Outback, ancient ruins, scattered corners where

civi ion has never touched down, hidden caverns and the

deepest comers of some jungles or the sea still accept the oldest
forms of magick — those practiced by the Dreamspeakers, Verbena,
Akashics and many Nephandi and Crafts — as coincidental

The Nine
Spheres

If God could do the tricks that we can do, he'd be a
happy man!
Eli Cross, The Stunt Man
The nine magickal Spheres encompass broad

NW range of Arts. For simplicity, both the Council of
Nine and the Technocratic Union divided the:
elements into distinct categories. While these

Arts go by a multitude of names, their basic prop
@ erties remain fairly constant

Both organizations believe in an element
that either adds to or encompasses the other nine. Each Tradition
seeks a "10th Sphere," (which the others refuse to recognize),

while Technocratsstrive to unlock the Grand Unification Theory
For now, the nine Spheres (or spheres of influence) are all mages
have to work with

186 Mage: The Ascension


Not that this is limiting; within these Arts, an awesome
iety of Effects can be performed. Many spells require only one

Sphere, while others may demand conjunctional Effects, which
add Spheres together in a single working. The powers listed within
the descriptions only show the general possibilities, not the

"spells," available at that level.

Incidentally, mysticks do not refer to themselves by Sphere

rank numbers. A Master of Forces does not say "I've attained the
fifth rank of Forces," but rather, "I have Mastered the Sphere of the

Winds, Fire and all lesser Elements.

The following listings are divided this way:

1. Introduction: A master who has studied the Sphere
discusses it with the new student.

2: Specialties: When a mystick has four dots or more in a
Sphere, she may choose a specialty for it (see Chapter Six). The

specialties offered are only a few possibilities

3. General Description: The Sphe:
tioned first, along with notes on the Sphere's unique properties

's possibilities are men-

and, in some cases, a chart describing special circumstances.
4. Rank Description: Here we offer a general description of
each rank to show the primary magickal Effects a mage can use and
the rank at which can use them. These general descriptions form
a basis for the custom-built magicks your mages can use.
Always remember, however, that virtually any Effect is pos-

sible using some combination of the Spheres. If you want to use an

Effect that does not appear in these listings, your Storyteller may
decide the rank and Sphere (or Spheres) that make the Effect
possible. Some incredibly dramatic Effects, however, can only be
performed by Arch-Masters who have transcended even these

godlike powers. Such beings have studied their Arts for lifetimes
on end.

5. Sphere Effects: These specific magi
becomes possible at each rank within 2
guidelines only and merely illustrate the possibilities within the

Sphere ranks. (Charts for the various Spheres appear on page 170.)

kal Effects show what

here. These are generic

Transmutation and Conjuration

Creating something from nothing, or changing an object
from one element into another, requires conjunctional Effects —
usually between the physical Pattern Arts, the metaphysical Spirit
and the quintessential Prime. It usually works like this: thought
(Spirit) to conception (Prime) to material (Matter, Forces or
Life).

The metaphysics can go around forever. In game terms, this

means that a spell transforming an object governed by one Sphere

(let's say Life, for an apple) into another (gold, or Matter) must use

both Spheres at their proper rank — in this case, 2

Creating something out of pure thought rarely requires Spirit
(unless that object is specially made of ephemera). The ideal
crystallizes as Prime, which fuels the object's creation through a
Pattern Sphere. To summon the apple from thin air, use Prime 2/
Life 2. To change it to gold, use Life 2/Matter 2

Once you understand, it's simpler than it sounds.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 187

I


NO All

Correspondence

All things are related; space is an illusion; all things exist in one
place, all tied together by the fibers of a single concept. You can call that
concept what you will, but | know, and I can prove to you, that three-
dimensional separation is a lie

See that corner? Where am I? There or here? I think I'm there. See,
Tam! Did you see me walk across the room. Didn't think so. So how did
I get from here to there? Transporter beams? Wrong answer! And even
if it was, how did they work?

Y
‘

Feel that tap on your shoulder? I did that. But I'm over here, right,
whichis over there to you. But yet I could touch you over there while I'm
over here. There, I did it again! Get it? Space is an illusion!

If that hurts your brain, you're not cut out for this routine. Before
school's out in my workshop, kid, you'll either crack or clock Euclid a
good one upside the head!

Specialties: Conjuration, Scrying, Warding, Teleportation

The Sphere of Correspondence involves an understanding of
locations, spatial relativity and the interrelation between people
and objects. This allows mages to teleport, pull rabbits out of hats,
create magickal barriers and levitate or fly through the air. Corre
spondence is also commonly mixed with other Spheres to allow
mages to work magick on subjects hundreds of miles away as easily
as if they were right in front of them

Since Correspondence deals with space and relationships, its
range differs from the other eight Spheres. The theory popular
among the Virtual Adepts, the most recent Mastets of Correspon-
dence, is thatspace is ultimately an illusion Allpoints in existencé
are "stacked" in one "place," which the computer wizards refer éo
as the Correspondence Point or All-Space, "Here," "there" and
"somewhere else" are all artificial labels. The shortest distance
between two points is not a straight linesiSpaeeUis mefélyla
mathematical construct.

The "Correspondence Point® hypothesis falls flat, however,

when confronted with certain aspects of metaphysics. Youcan‘ty
for example, teleport someone's heart out of his body or cura coin
in half without also using the Sphere of Life or Matter.
More traditional magés explaiti Correspondence by the an-
cient doctrine of contagion: "Once together, always together." In
other words, the part always retains a/connection fo the whole,
and it is simpler to perform any working when thereiis'ajconnec
tion— physical, mental orspiritual — between them. Ie's generally
easier for a mage toteleport to the place where she grew up than
it is to go somewhere she,ofllysaw once.

While most mages need to touch their subject to work their
Arts, those skilled in Correspondence may skirt barriers or dis-
tance by forming links through space of related objécts. The chart
(on page 170) shows the successes needed to forge a link between
two points. The weaker the connection, the more successes the
spell requires, Toiget around this, many mages plant items they
know well on persons or at locations they wish to affect from afar.
This éan be risky; cofttagion is a rope which tugs both ways, and
those who discoyét a planted object may use it in their own spells
against the mage who placed it as if they iad Correspondence Arts
themselves!

188 Mage: The Ascension

Mages who advance in Correspondence ahead of other Spheres
appear to be "spaced out." Their eyes are unfocused, as they now
rely on their spatial sense over sight. Nevertheless, their physical
movements are very precise; these mages never trip or stub their
toes.

. Immediate Spatial Perceptions
At this stage, the mage gains a keen understanding of how
objects and space relate. She can intuitively sense distances
between objects, find true north (orany other direction) and sense
things in her immediate vicinity without using the normal five
senses. This new sense also allows her to also detect spatial
instabilities, warps and wormholes.

Sense Space
Touch Space

The mage may now extend her senses beyond her immediate
vicinity to distant or hidden locations. Any of the five senses can
expand this way. However, most mages feel that such magickal
perceptions thin the barriers between the two points in space,
creating a weakness in the Tapestry (like those a rank one Effect
¢an'spot). Luckily, the mage may also re-work the fabric of space,
reinforcing the Tapestry and creatinga barrier to hinder scrying or
theopening of actual rifts. This works like countermagick, deduct-
ing successes fot each success.

In cOnjunetion with Life 2 or Matter 2, the mage may also
grasp small items — house cat-sized or smaller — and pull them
through the Tapestry, conjuring them from "nowhere."

Pierce Space
Seal Gate
Co-locality Perception

‘The mage now gains the strength to make a small rent in the
Tapestry;sosmall thationly the mage herself — and whatever she
holds or carries — may slip thfough before it seals. She may also
seal such rifts or prevent them from opening, though the greater
the rift, the more difficult the feat:

At this level}.a mage learns to sense multiple locations at
‘once, perceiving the various scenes as several ghostly landscapes
overlapping one another. Workingwith the other Spheres, a mage
may also grasp items governed by the'Pattern Magicks and slide
them through space, performing levitation and telekinesis.

Rend Space
Co-locate Self

The Adept may now create larger rents inthe Tapestry to
transport other beings and large objects and forces. With'enough
successes (10+), she may eyén force the rentyyide enough to. make
a permanent Gateway.

coos

The mage may now manifest physically in multiple locations
at once, though she should also use Mind 1 if she wants to think
effectively in all of them, and Life 2 ifshe wants her multiple selves
to perform separate actions.

ceece

Mutate Localities
Co-location

A Master of Correspondence learns how to distort space. She
can affect distances and sizes around her, stretching them and
shrinking them to fit her needs. In scientific terms, the mass of
objects cannot be changed, but their volumes and dimensions are
like potter's clay.

She may also stack locations on top of one another in a bizarre
landscape of multiple forms or connect a variety of items together.
Acthis point, the Master's perceptions are so wildly expanded that
her mundane Perception may be enhanced beyond the normal
human maximum, as with Better Body (see "Life").

Correspondence
Effects

* Landscape of the Mind — This Effect, available to all
Correspondence Disciples, allows a mage to sense the objects
which fill the space around her. She can extend the area of

perception, but this requires more and more active concentration.
After the area reaches the diameter of a city block, the

ensory
input becomes too much to bear.

© Whereami? — The mage can sense where she is in relation
to everything else. Virtual Adepts call this Effect "whereami?"
When used conjunctionally with the first rank of Spirit, itcan help
establish which world or Shard Realm (and where in it) the mage
isin, while a conjunctional Effect with Mind 1 allows the mage to
stablish whether she is hallucinating or dreaming.

** Open/Close Window (Correspondence Sensing) —
Through the ancient technique of scrying, a mage may open a
window in space and extend her senses through it to observe
events at a remote location. This is often combined with Time or
Spirit so as to search other times or worlds.

Scrying may also examine snags in the Tapestry, like those
left by a teleporting mage ot previous scrying, and trace it back to
the other side. Combined with Spirit, a mage may scan to another
Realm. Such spying may be detected, however, by a target rolling
Perception + Awareness (or Alertness, for other mystick crea-
tures), difficulty 7.

A mage may also reverse this Effect so as to shut a window or
prevent one from opening, such as when a mage senses that
someone is attempting to scry her. This works like countermagick
against the spy.

*© Apportation — By pressing against the fabric of space, a
mage may create a pinprick in the Tapestry. While too small to
step through, such rifts allow the mage to grasp a distant item and
pull it through — or send it away — using Life or Matter. This only
works on very small, simple objects.

A third rank variation allows the mystick to forge a connec-
tion to some simple object — again with Life or Matter — which
allows it to levitate or fly for the Effect's duration.

* Ward — While windows in space are the most popular
method of magickal spying, wards are the most popular preven-
tion. The mage reaches out with the threads of her magick and the

fabric of space, creating a ward.

Correspondence

Immediate Spatial Perceptions
Sense Space

Touch Space

Pierce Space

Seal Gate

Co-locality Perception
Rend Space

Co-locate Self
Mutate Localities
Co-location

Specialties; C on, Seryi rr rtation
ies: Conjuration, Sey ing, Warding, Teleportat
5

Wards vary in strength, ranging from mere "window blinds"
to "iron shutters." Each success subtracts from attempts to scry,

apport or teleport either way. Indeed, some areas are so heavily
warded that breaking through would take years — which, of
course, is only fair, as the wards were built up over a span of years
as well. Attempts to break down a ward will leave traces unless the
mage chooses to repair it and cover her tracks.

Many wards, especially ancient and powerful ones, have keys
or back doors; mages who possess these (or discover them through
Enigmas or Computers rolls) may bypass them. With Life or Matter,
wards may also be placed on people or objects, making it more

difficult to scry or otherwise access them via Correspondence.

A level 3 variation, Ban, can actually stop objects or beings
which have been warded against. Only one specific thing —
knives, lightning, vampires —can beso banished. This requires an
item with some connection to the banned thing, a conjuctional
Effect with Life, Matter or Spirit 3 and five or more successes to
erect. Only unweaving (see "Countermagick") can destroy a ban,
though objects not banned — bullets, or items or spells thrown by
the banned party — pass right through unless they too have been
banned. Oddly, this does not work against True Magick or Paradox
spirits. This lasts for the spell's duration.

¢¢¢ Chain — A chain is a magical bond which links two
objects or creatures to each other through sympathetic Reso-
nance. Such bonds often already exist, but a mage with

Correspondence can strengthen them or create one where none
was before. For each success with this Effect, a mage may take an
object or creature up (or down) a level on the Correspondence
Range Chart,

eee The Seven-League Stride — The name of this
harkens back to medieval times and the mages of the Order of
Hermes who commonly made use of
for this Effect, each stride taking the wearer precisely seven leagues
forward.

Effect

ven-league" boots as foci

This magick creates a small, extremely transitory rip in the
fabric of space, allowing a mystick to slip through to reach any
other location on Earth. Depending on the precise magick used,
she may see all the intervening space moving by in a blur, or she
may simply click her heels together, disappear and reappear.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 189

This Effect does not immunize a mage to her new surround-

P50 ings; if she shifted to the ocean depths expecting a submarine to
OPhillids

be there, she would be crushed by the intense water pressure
Scrying one's intended destination beforehand is advisable —
"Look before you leap" as the proverb goes. Consequently many
mages favor magic mirrors as their foci, as these may both be
looked and stepped through:

Level 4 variations of this Effect exist, involving teleportation

machines, cabinets and secret doors. These higher-level Effects
transport larger or more numerous subjects. Misdirection is essen-
tial; a subject hidden from sight when it disappears is less likely to
arouse suspicion — and Paradox

Itists of Ecstasy love this Effect,

which multiplies their sensory input. A mage merely extends her

senses to multiple locations at once; visions stack atop one
another like a photographic multiple exposure, and sounds mix
like several radios tuned to different stations.

There is no limit to the number of locations a mag
buta Wits roll is needed to distinguish which objects are in which
location. The difficulty number is equal to twice the number of

can sense,

scenes being viewed. Going above one's Perception or Wits rating
is dangerous; such overload can push a mystick into Quiet
Iter All-Spa

person or object, the mage cans:

e —Given certain knowledge about any

arch through reality to find where
the object exists in three-dimensional space. The less the mystick
knows, the longer such searches take, and there are no guarantees.
There are many heavily warded areas in three-dimensional space,
not to mention portals to other worlds and times, so such searches
are lengthy and uncertain

© Stalking the Void — This advanced version of Open
Window allows a mage skilled in Correspondence to trace a snag
in the Tapestry back to its point of origin. While the second rank

of Correspondence allows a mage to reopen a window, this Effect
allows a mage to break through personally to confront the spy
This Effect is particularly popular among the Euthanatos,
However, Correspondence only deals with space; some distur
bances extend to other times and dimensions. To be absolutely
certain of your prey, older mages advise that trackers add Time and
Spirit perceptions to scout ahead. Some mages who have used this
Effect have never been heard from again, for many disturbances
are not what they seem
* Bubble of Reality Using this magick, the mage
e around her body or some other thing, taking it into its

warps sp:
own pocket universe. In this state, she is completely invisible and
intangible to everything around her. The walls to the world
outside are thin, however, and the mage may scry out (or in) from
her bubble of reality. Moving bubbles and large bubbles (such as
would contain a motorcycle or building) require four successes or
more.

ee Hermes Portal —The Order of Hermes claims to have

created this Correspondence

fect, cutting a permanent Gate in
the Tapestry, then sealing the breach with a powerful ban to
prevent the passage of everything but sentient, willing creatures.

190 Mage: The Ascension

f___________||| \

The resulting magick creates an apparent window which can
connect a drawing room to the deep ocean while preventing the
water and fish from pouring through the breach. The alternative
is of course highly vulgar and extremely dangerous, though not
unknown, especially as a terrorist measure by Marauders

Many of these portals may be placed in the same location,
giving the effect of a hall of mirrors, each opening onto a new
location, with an area of null-space in between.

© © © Co-location — With this bizarre magick, a mage may
stack multiple locations, allowing them to freely interact. No
damage occurs to objects that superimpose themselves on one

another during co-location, yet they are solid to one another, and,

once separated, will not superimpose again.

Stacking two locations is possible, but highly vulgar (raise
difficulty to 10), and generally speaking, only done by Marauders

¢ 666 Polyappearance — The mage may appear in multiple
locations at once. This Effect parallels Divided Sight but in
addition to sensing locations, the mage's physical form actually
appears in each location as well. Observers in each location will

see the mage and can interact with her normally. The willworker,

however, must simultaneously interact with each location into
which she has projected herself. Anything she says or does will be
heard and seen by observers at all locations.

This interaction is one-way from the mage's perspective.
Items in one location do not affect observers who are in a different

location, but all objects in all locations affect the mystick equally
The walls closest to her will block hersight, and she will suffer from
assaults directed at any of her co-located body positions.

A mage can use this phenomenon to her advantage. The
Akashic art of Do contains an advanced movement called the
Kick of the Four Winds. The attacker executes a flying spin kick
at an opponent, and while in midair, co-locates to four positions
ick impa

directly around the opponent, so that the force of one
the opponent from four sides instead of one. (Add four additional
Health Levels of damage to the blow.)

Mages who truly wish to occupy several places at once can use

aconjunctional Effect with Mind, Prime and Life, creating a new
body and train of thought for each additional location. While this
magick allows for multiple mundane tasks, it does not duplicate
the Avatar; only the original may perform magick.

eeeee Spa
can stretch distances, change the size of objects and warp space
around her. A short hallway could be made to stretch on for miles,
while a HIT Mark could be shrunk to the size of an ant.

Mutations — With this magick, the mage

Mass, however, does not change, unless the mage uses a
conjunctional Effect with Life or Matter, and while an ant-sized
HIT Mark would be easy to run away from, it would be almost
impossible to crush.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules

NW

aN

ID.

191

NO All

WN

Entropy

When they cast lots for the garments of Christ, the soldiers weren't
playing games. They were auguring the future. Did you know that one
retired to Pompeii a few decades later with a fat pension and a doom he
couldn't shake? It caught up with him, and with Pompeii, and, much
later, with Rome. I know. I remember it well

No, child — I'm old, but I'm not immortal. But in a former life
I cast the blood-spattered lots that foretold my fate for my part in the
Great Crime. Ivan from my destiny, but that fate tracked me to the isle.
Random chance? Child, nothing is random,

I recall many spokes in the Great Wheel. Death to me is but a
stream forded by each of us time and again. I remember my lives through
my study of the Wheel and began that study by casting my lots. Here,
take my dice, and feel the weight of Destiny. Are you prepared for it?
If not, leave such Arts to those who remember fate

Specialties: Fate, Fortune, Order, Chaos

The theories used to explain the Sphere of Entropy range from
disjointed ramblings to treatises of such intricate reasoning and
logic as to be equally incomprehensible. Technocratic Traditions
use models of complex thermodynamicscience, while more mystickal
Traditions refer to "Wyrd," "karma" or "destiny," and naturalistic
mages refer to "luck" and the pleasure of the spirits.

The path of Destiny appears to be one of decay. Life forms die,
rocks erode, electricity scatters, organizations collapse, empires
crumble and everything dissolves into chaos. As it's easier to go,
with the flow than against it, proponents of Entropy — like the
Euthanatos — have found it simpler to understand the less6n of
Shiva and use the flow of probability to destroy instead of ereate.

The practical applications of this Sphere are maftifold. Dis-
ciples learn to quantify probability energy, which mist mages call
Destiny, Fate or Fortune. Through observationga mage may spot
"accidents waiting to happen" and take advaritage ofthem, while
at higher levels, the mage learns to manipiilate thé actual threads
of probability.

Mages who study Entropy tend/to specialize either in sowing
chaos ind confusion Grin, reaffifming order and reason, though
somé follow an enigmatic middle ground. Curses and blessings are
théirspecialty, andithey can bring the strange force Of Wyrd to bear
on objects, individualsandleven ideas and concepts, as well as those
who associate with these things. Thesemages understand how all
patterns break down, and thus, how they work in thelfirst place

Direct Entropy Effects do no damage until the fourth level,
after which they have the usual effect. Applications ofentropy —
crumbling walls, disintegrated bridges, etc. — are mote effective,
and inflict the usual damage.

Masters of Entropy vary in appearance according to their
specialty, ranging from babbling madmen to meticulously dressed
university professors, enigmatic gypsies or happy-go-lucky gam-
blersas fickle and easily distracted as Dame Fortune herself. Mages
with a high Awareness will be able to detect a dark, impenetrable
core in the Patterns of all followers of Entropy. The greater thé
mage's Entropy rating, the deeper and more enigmatie this "art
of darkness" and the more inscrutable its nature.

192 Mage: The Ascension

ee ee

. Sense Fate & Fortune
Disciples of Entropy learn to examine each thing and discern
its strengths and weaknesses, examining what it is and what it does.
The mage begins to sense the current of Destiny, and can discern
what is significant and what is not, and what is true or untrue.
Given this knowledge, the mage can pick a lucky horse, sense
if a lock has some defect or choose the original between two
identical items. Fate, however, is a fickle thing, and Fortune even
more so. These insights are not perfect, just advanced.
Unreliable as it may be, the ability to judge certainties and
likelihoods is quite useful. Pressure points, lies and opportunities
become obvious to one who knows their patterns. This may not
have any dramatic effects, but once you understand an enemy's
strengths and weaknesses, it doesn't take Sun Tzu to determine a
combat strategy or Lucretia Borgia to figure out a subterfuge.

** Control Probability

Now that the threads of Fate have been identified, the
dominos of Fortune may be pushed. Disciples learn control over
probability by studying where it concentrates. Phenomena as
diverse as card shuffling, dice rolling, market fluctuations, traffic
jams, lost mail and roulette wheels teach the mage to identify order
in chaos, chaos in order and the paths of probability.

This gives the mage amazing, yet subtle control over hundreds
of small events. He can control whom a waiter will serve first, who
picks the shortest straw, who wins a coin flip o finds the one bullet
in a chamber, etc. He may determine the outcome of anystilifior
event that would normally be random, Oneei@idiscerns which
apparently random events are in fa€tipredetermined, he ean then
manipulate other eventualities to his own efids.

There's a limit to this control; thesgfeater the probability he
tries to affect, the more difficult thefaet becomes. Determining a
coin-toss is simple magick. Deterftiining thettoss of the same coin 100
times in succession becomes correspondingly more difficult. Hexing
a pack of cards to dedlia royal flushisin the realm of possibility, but
orderinga'shiiffled deck suchithat each card comes out as if it had
fever been shuffled isasmniracle probably not worth the bother.

Affect Predictable Patterns

Tnanimate objects and tangible forces, as Patterns of order,
are most subject to the forces of Entropy. Machines are especially
susceptible to this phenomena. Clocks wind down, engines break,
warranties expire and all things eventually fray and decay.

A Disciple of Entropy can "fix" this deterioration, causing
new televisiowsets to blow a fuse while old junker cars mysteri-
ously stillifin years after they should have fallen apart. Rocks may
als6 be caused to erode and teapots to chip and shatter, but as
Entropy is a slow and gradual process, the only things which can
be affected instantly are those, such as machines, which have
thousands of intricate moving parts.

As with Rank Two, the mage is still limited by the realm of
possibility. The more unlikely a feat, the more difficult it becomes
and the less time and bother it's worth. Order can only be fixed and
Entropy kept at bay for so long before things follow their natural
course.


Mystick mages view this process as cursing or blessing an
object, or laying a Destiny upon it. Such forces can be controlled;
atthis rank, the mage may imbue a physical object with probability
energy by adding Life 2 or Matter 2 to the spell, affecting the course
of its Destiny and of those who come in contact with it. A blessed
locket may take a bullet intended for its wearer, though he may
later die a glorious death in battle. Time 2 allows more of a say in

such events, but even then, they may not be certain,

Affect Life

The Effects of Entropy, order and probability are far more
complex when dealing with living organisms, due to living beings'

complex and self-corrective nature. If a robot overtaxes itself and

stresses its workings, it runs down until someone repairs it. A man

who overtaxes himself will heal given time and care, and may even
grow stronger.

Adepts of Entropy study how life forms begin, mature, wither,
and die. They also observe the hundreds of factors which affect the
course of life, from the effects of heredity to the stresses of
evolution and growth. The Adept learns how to influence the
random factors of life, giving her immense power either to destroy
it or affect its development.

With this magick, a mage can weave a potent spell over a
living being, blessing or cursing him and his line. Other Spheres
may be woven into such a charm, creating hereditary magickal
gifts or flamboyant curses. These Arts affect probability, not Life
Patterns themselves.

Affect Thought

Masters of Entropy expand their control over reality by
studying the ways in which ideas change over time

The
clear and indisputable, but the fa
thought seems farfetched. Yet everything which is organized is
subject to the laws which govern order and chaos, be it the
ule or an organized body of knowledge.

Effects of the natural order of things on objects are fairly
t that chaos affects intelligent

structure of a mole

an history for countless

Masters of Entropy point to hur
examples of theories and paradigms that outgrew their usefuln
over the centuries (the irony of such observations is lost on many
Council mages). Thoughts, the Masters of Entropy point out, are
at once the most mercurial and the most tenacious things, yet as
any politician can tell you, they can be molded, shaped and

influenced over time.

Where the Masters of Mind rudely subject the minds of others
to their own will, however, Masters of Entropy merely point out
things that will strike a person a particular way and let his thoughts
follow the natural progression to other possibilities.

Master of Entropy who specialize in chaos can shatter a
person's world view simply by making a few weird comments (or

‘an at least confuse him), while those specializing in order can

present logical arguments which can advance a person's conscious
or subconscious thoughts to some higher (or at least different) set
of ideas. Masters who specialize in Fate or Fortune can lead subjects
to inescapable conclusions or spark random, creative thoughts,
which a subject may absorb as he sees fit.

This supreme magick directs the force of Wyrd into a mental
concept, creatinga "happy thought" or "cursed idea," which brings
Fate or Fortune to bear on those who concentrate upon it, possibly
extinguishing or exalting the thought. This may lead to paradigm
shifts, new faiths or insanity.

Entropy
° © Sense Fate & Fortune
Control Probability

Affect Predictable Pat
i?
Affect Life hs

Affect Thought
Specialites: Fate, Fortune, Order,

Chaos

Entropy Effects

# Dim Mak — Akashic Brothers who study Entropy learn the
insidious martial arts technique of Dim Mak, the art of striking vital
points. While many mundane martial artists pursue Dim Mak
(called Atemi in Japanese), only the Akashic Brothers learn the
technique in its true form, which requires the use of magick.

Using his knowledge of Entropy, an Akashic mage identifies
the weakest parts of an inanimate structure or living body. By
identifying these pressure points and then physically striking
them, he inflicts one extra Health Level of damage for each success
scored when evoking the magickal Effect (this requires a normal
combat success as well). By combining this with a conjunctional
Time 4 Effect, the Dim Mak Entropy damage may surface long
after the blow itself has been forgotten.

Every structure or living being has different weaknesses; the
mage must apply his magickal senses to each individual object he
attacks in order to identify its particular pressure points. Also, the
pressure points of living things slowly change depending on the
time of day, season and other more esoteric factors, so the mage
must re-examine living targets at each meeting.

Other Traditions use similar Entropy Effects.

* Locate Disorder — The mage can identify the area of
greatest disorder in an institution or organized sequence of events.
The more successes scored, the more precise the information
gained. This is a sensory Effect.

Say a mage wants to infiltrate the staff of a hotel. She
one success and thereby detects that the restaurant operation is the
most disorganized element. She disguises herself as a chef and
infiltrates the kitchen, guessing that other employees won't notice
a new recruit. With more successes, she might discover that the
greatest point of disorder in the hotel's business operation lies in the
pantry manager's personnel files, which are totally disorganized.

The mystick must be somewhat familiar with the organiza-
tion she studies to gain much benefit, though the ability does
facilitate extraordinary deductive abilities. In the example above,
the mage would need to spend some time walking around the hotel
and talking toa few of the employees before she could pinpoint the
business' chaos point.

cores

© Ring of Truth — Certain words resound with destiny.
Sometimes people can speak prophecy or truth without even know-
ing it. A mage can recognize this; this Effect grants the ability to
discern higher truth and greater significance in spoken or written
words, and to detect lies with some accuracy. This gives the mage a
sixth sense; he may roll Perception + Intuition todiscover the greater
truth — or falsehood — in anything he hears or reads. He may not
know why something is important, buthe can tell when a fact isa fact.
A mage who uses this to discover a lie can subtract successes of
Subterfuge rolls like countermagick against a spell (one for one). A
liar may continue to lie with opposed rolls (see Chapter Five).

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules

193


NOW Ail

This sixth sense does not deal with the future specifically
(that form of precognition comes with Time 2). The Ring of
Truth generally deals with the present, though it can be combined

with Time 2 for predictions of startling accuracy.

© © Beginner's Luck — There isa statistical possibility than any
~ random attempt to do anything will actually succeed. You can get a
hole-in-one the first time you pick up a golf club, or hit the bull's eye
on the first try. The trouble is doing it the second time, as the chance
gets exceedingly improbable. One lucky shot is in the realm of
possibility, but five holes-in-one froma rank amateur is beyond belief.

Most mages agree that skill and practice will beat blind luck
any day. When faced with any feat which she has never attempted

before (or at least succeeded in), however, a mystick may use this
Effect to call upon the force of beginner's luck and make an
impossible shot

For each success with this Effect, the Storyteller may add one
success to any non-magickal skill roll which a mage has two dice
or less to attempt, in addition to any successes which the mage
fect last

utomatic successes" from this Et

makes on her own. The
until they are used in some spectacular success, at which point the
magick expends itself

Each future attempt to use this same magick for the same feat
adds +1 to the difficulty. This reflects diminishing returns. Mages
who wish to continue to make spectacular successes should pur-
chase additional levels of the skill in question. No one stays a
beginner for long.

© © Games of Luck — Using her power to control localized
random events, the mage can virtually determine the outcome of
any game of luck. She may control the throw of dice, the shuffle
of cards, the fall ofa roulette ball and other such events. The more

succe!

es scored, the more precise the control she exerts.
* © Slay Machine —
cal marvels into ruined heaps. At this level, the mage uses his

Entropy students can turn technologi-

knowledge of Entropy to infuse technological systems with raw
chaos. Any modern machinery o electronic device can be caused
to malfunction or even self-destruct.

Computer systems corrupt all of their stored data, rendering
it unintelligible. Electrical currents within electronic equipment
surge so radically that components melt, Phone networks ran-
Power

domly scatter their calls, routing them to wrong numbers. P
er boxes, go haywire —

distribution equipment, like circuit bres
some breakers trip for no reason, while others fail to trip, causing

power surges, blown light bulbs and overheated power lines.

The more successes scored, the greater the magnitude of
disorder caused. Several successes may be required to cause large
machinery to glitch once or twice, while small systems will run
amok with the same number of successes.

A similar Effect, Erode Matter, causes gases to diffuse into the
air, liquids to evaporate and solids to disintegrate. The number of
successes rolled for the Effect determines how quickly the matter

dissolves and how much of it can be affected. Three successes rot
away a wooden door within a minute, while five successes corrode
the steel body of a truck in under five minutes.

@¢¢ Like Clockwork — The Technocracy is most famous
for this Effect, though all mages make use of it. After this enchant-
, will run error-free and as

ment, a machine, typically a cloc
precisely as it was designed to do. Both the device and the spell
must be maintained occasionally (otherwise probability gets
stretched too far), but clocks (and other devices) can run "like
clockwork" for centuries.

194 Mage: The Ascension


This Effect can insulate the device from Slay Machine
attempts. The magick used to maintain perfect operation will foil

most attempts to cause something to go wrong by way of Entropy

This magick, however, does not insulate the machine against
Spheres like Matter, which sabotage the device magickally (though
similar Matter Effects can prevent this as well)

* Blight of Aging —Commonly focused through brews,

s or curses, this Effect infuses primal entropy di-

poisons, eff

rectly intoa targeted life form, causing its body to quickly deteriorate

and decay. This resembles advanced aging; the target effectively
ages five years for each success scored on the magickal Effect roll.

Life forms aged past their normal life spans will quickly die
and turn to dust. Victims prematurely advanced to old age should
be assigned penalties to their Physical Attributes.

Many Traditions use similar life-destroying Entropy Effects,
but the Verbena are best known for it. Because they normally
relish the vibrancy of life, Verbena see the removal of that vigor
as the worst sort of punishment

eee Midwife's Blessing The Verbena claim to have

originated this ancient magick. The mage lays her hands on the

belly of a pregnant woman and blesses the child, typically, "To

grow tall, straight of limb and well favored." Anyth

child's entire look and body
Each success rolled reduces the probability of disease or
a child

from any sort of disease, short of a massive plague, for life. Ag

deformity. Three successes or more will usually insulate
in,

this affects probability, not the body itself, though it may be

combined with Life 4 to grant the child vitality or beauty

eee Destroy Thought — A favorite tactic of the NWO,
this Effect causes any rational thought or feeling to dissolve away

gunman facing the mage can have
TILkill you... No, 1
but if I shoot you, I'll go to
Ah, hell with it!"

in the chosen subject's mind. A

his resolve to shoot quickly broken down
won't kill you, I'll hurt you, though
jail... Even if I get away, he's got friends.
(Gunman flees.)

Once the Effect has taken hold, the victim usually begins to
rationalize away the affected thought. As in the example above,
the victim finds the weaknesses and illogic inherent in the idea or
feeling and so abandons it. The thought is destroyed.

The Storyteller must decide how many successes are neces-
sary for the Effect, depending on the complexity of the thought
and the passion of the victim. One-three successes can dissuade a
person from a whim, while five or more would be needed to reject
1 deeply-held passion or conviction

eee Binding Oath — One of the most ancient rites of
magecraft. When someone enters into a pact, agreement or ser
or giving that oath may call the force

vice, the mage administering
of destiny to witness the proceedings and to punish anyone who
breaks the spirit of the oath

A binding oath is a powerful magick, with dire consequences

for those who break it. A mage who swore to "Protect the most

incient Order of Hermes," then defected to the Technocracy,
would have some horrible doom fall upon him. He would also be
psychically marked as an oathbreaker, a dire stigma easily detected
by mages sensitive to destiny (i.e., Entropy 1). If the mage breaks
an oath due to some outside compulsion — he's sworn to protect
someone, but kills her while mentally enslaved by another — this
does not count as being forsworn unless the mage willingly

submitted to the mental enslavement. Circumstances do apply.

A aaa

ages
REX

Dr

195

a


NOW All

Forces

There is power in the elements, the force of creation bound up into
compact forms, bursting with potential. You may call them by their
proper names — earth, air, fire, water — or by any other common
appellation — Spheres of Fire, Dream-Patterns, periodic elements,
whatever. The pulse of the gods cares not what name you apply

Touch my hand. Can you feel it? That crackle in the air, inches
from where my mortal skin begins? That is the legacy of command. The
winds themselves bow as | pass by, for I know their thousand names and
call them at my pleasure. Soon, that Art shall be yours.

Elements (any or all), Technology, Physi

Humans have long sought to control the energies of nature.
Toward this end they have employed techniques ranging from rain
dances to billion-dollar fusion power experiments. Modern man

has progressed a long way toward harnessing many of these
energies, but mages who master the Sphere of Forces know that
there is much that "civilization" does not understand. Masters of
Forces are enlightened beyond the bounds of Newtonian physics,
quantum theory and special relativity; they apply theories and
practices' that allow them to manipulate and create any of the
forces oOfnature,

Forceslis one of the Pattern Magi¢ks, which along with the
etherie Sphere of Prime, form.the Spheres of the Elements. Even
forces defined by modern Technocratie science as the
absence of force — darkness, silence, stillness, cold — are forces
in and oftthemselves to some philosophies. The Akashic Brother-
hood refets to\Forces as the Sphere of Fire, while the Order of
Hermes numbers ivas the Sphere of the masculine elements, Fire
and Air. Regardless of the view, within the Sphere of Forces, all
forces are considered equal. Terminologies differ, but mages who
seek to cause serious damage to.their foes often study:this Sphere.

thos

Nothing beats Forces for sheer destructive power; an Effect
utilizing Forces adds one additional success to damage rolls. This
does not apply to other uses, which apply the successes rolled
straight up. Certain energiesiarejlimited by Spherejlevelsysimple
manifestations can be used at lower levels, while massive phenom?
enaare limited to the higher ranks. Most larger Effects also.requite
plenty of suc

Mages who master Forces reveal themselves in weird and
distinct ways, depending upon their chosen Art. When an ice
wizard enters a room, the temperature drops, while candles flare
brighter around a fire witch, Astorm lord's hairand breath crackle
with static electricity and his yoicé rumbles with thunder, and a
spellsinger may be surrounded bysoft music and shatter glass when
she screams. Other mages tend to give Masters of Forces some
distance, as they are infamously Paradox-prone and their magick
tends to be very messy.

196

Mage: The Ascension

Perceive Forces

The mage discerns the movements of energy. By identifying
their Patterns, she can perceive all types of energy flows, sensing
wavelengths far beyond the limited range of visible light and sonic
frequencies upon which normal mortals rely. The mage may see
anything from infrared light to x-rays to gravity waves. Even in the

absence of such positive forces, some mages have learned how to
perceive colors in darkness, sense stillness and hear volumes from
silence.

Control Minor Forces

All the positive force

lly the same — sound,

are

sentia

ative forces (or their absence
larkness, cold and so.

light, heat, etc. — as are the ne; , tO

use the Technocracy's definition) —silence, d
on. While a mage at this level of understanding cannot fundamen-

tally change either positive or negative energies, she can exercise

some degree of control over their ebb and flow.

Sound and silence may be sent in different directions, allow-
far dis
herself in an field of silence, sending the sound of her footfa

nce orcloak
Is far

inga mage to disguise her voice, eavesdrop at

into the ground. Light and darkness may be bent and refracted,
focused and diffused, allowing the mage to change apparent colors,
displace his image, wrap himself in shadows, create a mirage or
focus a flashlight into a fine laser. Heat and cold may be shuffled
about, warming one thing while chilling another, while other
forces may be controlled in a similar manner, including gravity,
electricity, magnetism and all manner of radiation.

The amount of energy that can be controlled at this level is
limited. A mage controlling electricity with this knowledge could
short-circuit a car or a house, but not an apartment building or a
power plant. One controlling light or darkness could black out a
city block, and a mage controlling kinetic energy
might deflect a bullet or change the vector of a skateboard, but
could only slow, not stop, a Mack truck. The larger the force to be
controlled, and the degree of that control, the moressuecesses the
spell demands. A candle flame can be madeito flare with onlyone
success, but a bonfire requires five onfore, and. cojmake aflame
dance or form pictures requires even more suéeesses. To control
greater forces requires Forces 4.

house, but not

*  Transmute Minor Forces
Thesmagescansnow, changesone force into another, flip
positive into negative, or create or destroy forces as she likes,
summoning them out of thin air and dissolving them into same.
With this level of Forcesialone, allfiage may change one force into
another. Radiation may be transformed into sound, kinetic mo-
tion to electricity, heat intoleold or light into darkness.

With a conjunctional Effect with the Spheres of Matter or
Life, a mage may transmute things of those Spheres into a Force of
the strength governed by this level.


Alternately, the mage may reweave ambient Quintessence
(with Prime 2) into one of the baser forces or transform base energy
into pure ether. Both Aristotelian alchemy and modern science

teach that energy and matter are, at essence, the same thing. With

this magick, a mage may transmute the elements— even changing

invisible ether into physical force and summoning such force from
"nowhere

The amount of Forces that can be created by use of this level
is limited as with Forces 2

this power can now freeze enemies solid or incinerate them on the

but with enough success, a mage with

spot, blow up cars, fly through the air, levitate alligators and erase
reams of data with a magnetic pulse. With Life 4, a mage may even
transform himself into a being of living fire or lightning, a shadow
ora chill in the air

Control Major Forces

This power works like Forces 2 above, but the maximum for
that le'
degree of power a mage may wield with Forces 4 is frightening. He

el is the minimum for this one. With enough successes, the

may focus the light of the sun into a laser canon or cloak football
stadiums with prismatic illusions, redirect missiles mid-flight,
send shockwaves the other way, banish a thousand shadows into
a single corner and melt glaciers while lakes are frozen solid. Most
of these Effects, of course, are quite vulgar, so there are restrictions.
He could, of course, also use this level of understanding to guard
himself and others from the fury of these forces — to fireproof
forests, protect ships from storms and so on.

Forces

°
Perceive Forces

Control Minor Forces
Transmute Minor Forces
Control Major Forces

3 Transmute Major Forces
Specialties: Elements (any or all)

Technology, Physics, Weather

***** Transmute Major Forces

This level operates like Forces 3 above, but with enough
es, the degree of power a mage may access is almost
limitless. Technomancers have used this knowledge to unleash
the power of the atom and create nuclear explosions, but luckily
and countermagick limit care-

succe:

consensual reality, common se
less uses of this ability. Some powers are luckily still beyond the
scale of this level of Forces, although some mages strive to master
them (including the sorceress Louhi, of Finnish legend, who isstill
— unsuccessfully — attempting to put out the sun). Large Effects
es, as well as logic — it's easier to brew astorm
on than in the middle of a drought, for

require many succe:
during monsoon s

example — but a Master of Forces may conjure hurricanes,

firestorms, tidal waves, earthquakes and nuclear blasts.

Oh \eetti
TT ey
Ke

x

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 197


NG Ail

198

VW) Mh. i.

Mage: The Ascension

Forces Effects

* Darksight — In the absence of visible light, the mage can
shift his perceptions up or down the spectrum of electromagnetic

radiation. This allows him to view infrared or ultraviolet light,

radio waves, x-rays, etc. He won't be able to discern colors, but may
read other interesting perceptions from the various spectra — x-
rays would allow him to see an object's underlying structure, and
he could see in the dark using infrared

* Quantify Energy — By invoking this Effect, a mage
She

sense the type and amount of energy at work around hei
easily translate her perceptions into accurate measurement units
such as volts, amps, tesla, g's, etc. Note that this includes kinetic

energy, which allows the mage to determine an object's velocity in

relation to her if she knows the object's mass.

e can cause the static

harge Static — The maj

electricity in the air to discharge spontaneously ina localized area
If the Effect centers around a victim, he will suffer one Health
Level of damage per success scored (he can try to soak this damage;
the usual +1 success does not apply). Ifa living target suffers more
Health Levels than its Stamina rating, itis stunned (unable to act)
a number of turns equal to the difference. This Effect is easier to
perform when the air is dry (low humidity) or when the mage is
around powerful electrical machinery.

Some Akashic Brothers use a similar Effect to become living
reservoirs of static electricity, which they discharge when striking
opponents

.

System Havoc — Using this Effect, a mage can touch any

electrical machinery or power distribution system and virtually

destroy it by fluctuating the current entering the system into
spikes of electrical energy. Many advanced systems are tempest-
es). Tempest-hardening may
minimize the damage the mage inflicts, but virtually any system

hardened (protected against surg

can be shut down if not damaged.

Virtual Adepts use a similar Effect to control electrical
machinery. Their control is rudimentary at best, and the mage
must also have a firm understanding of the machinery (gained via
Technology, Computer, or Science Abilities'

Walking on Water — By controlling the molecular

cohesion on the surface of a liquid (usually water), a mage can

make the surface solid enough to walk across. Depending on the
number of successes the character rolls, other people can follow
along.

.

or ### (depending on the size of the object) Telekinetic
Control — The willworker may telekinetically control the move-
ments of an object, assuming it's already in motion. The object
cannot be made to move faster than its original speed, though the
mage can slow or stop it by siphoning kinetic energy into the air

around it. This velocity limitation results from the mage's inability
to impart to the object. The Adept

to create more kinetic energ'
can, however, redirect the flow of kinetic energy to change the
object's direction; bullets may be reversed to strike the gunman,
while a moving car may be forced sideways instead of forward.

The more successes the caster rolls, the more kinetic energy
he can command: four successes would grant control over a
speeding bullet ora sprinting man, five a moving car, etc. Itis

=
difficult to maintain control of a living creature, as the creature
can simply stop moving. A Wits roll is necessary for very fine
telekinetic movements such as threading a needle:

Members of the Akashic Brotherhood use telekinetic powers
to give themselves extraordinary leaping abilities when perform-
Do. It's said that some Verbena do indeed craft telekinetic

alismans shaped like brooms, but this may just be stereotyping.

© Call Lightning — Ifa thunderstorm (or other electrical
discharge) is nearby, a mystick can route lightning out of the sky
to strike any visible target in the vicinity. The victim can soak

damage normally. Living beings may also be stunned as described
above in Discharge Static.

«© ¢¢ Embracing the Earth Mother — The Dreamspeakers
believe that they can stir the Earth Mother into brief moments of
fitful wakefulness. By sounding their drums deep and loud, they

achosen target. The Effect causes gravity
to focus around the chosen area or target.

E
gravitational field one ‘
equal to E

can call Gaia to embra

ch success on the Effect roll allows the mage to create a
strong (a "g" being a force of gravity
rth's normal pull). So, with four suc: s, the mage
could create a field of gravity four g's strong (in which a 100-pound

boy would weigh 400 pounds). Five successes enable five g's, six
enabl

e six g's, etc.

As a general rule, a character can barely remain standing
under a g-force equal to his Strength Attribute, and can still
breathe under g-forces up to twice his Stamina. Athigher g-forces,
objects begin to collapse under the strain of their own weight. A
subject caught in a gravity field higher than her Strength At-
tribute must roll her Strength Dice Pool; the difficulty is the
caster's successes + 3. If she fails, the subject suffers one Health
Level of damage; if the subject wins, she can crawl a few feet per
success to try to escape the field.

Other groups, notably Ecstasy Cultists and Euthanatos, use
similar

fects.
.

© Tempest in a Teapot — The stormwives of the
Verbena use this magick to harness the pull of the moon and the
flow of the tides and brew a tempest, using a small copper kettle
inscribed with runes and a length of cord as their foci. Multiple
witches may act in concert, dancing around a larger cauldron. The
Verbena of England claim that the storm which wrecked the
Spanish Armada was their doing. Existing storms may be called
and controlled with Forces 4, but with this level, the witch weaves
the tempest out of the energy of the moon herself.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 199

=

NO All

B

Life

Weare gods incarnate; our flesh is but the clothing of divinity. Still,
one shouldn't tear such fine apparel on a whim or treat it with disrespect
If we are manifestations of the Divine, then we should look the part,
don't you agree?

When you understand — truly understand — the nature of what
we are, you'll be able to change your godly vestments as easily as you
strip off those mortal rags. It's not an easy thing to do —we are told from
childhood to abhor our bodies — nor a simple thing to master. Mortal
forms are complex clothing and require a clever seamstress to shape them
to their full advantage. Still, when you take away our tools, our laws and
even our language, the body shall remain — the ultimate tool, the
ultimate garment

Specialties: Shapeshifting, Disease, Healing, Improvement,
g, Creation

Clos

The boundaries of the Sphere of Life are vague and diffust

definitions of this Sphere range from organic matter, to living
matter, to anything infused with life energy (including vampire
blood). No two Traditions (let alone mages) ever exactly agree.
The Akashic Brotherhood considers Life to be the Sphere of
Wood, the most complex of the Taoist five elements, while the
Order of Hermes numbers Life as separate from the four elements
and the Quintessence. Other Traditions have yet further defini-
tions, but most agree as to the intricacy of Life and its importance
among the elemental Pattern magicks.

Mages of Life are invaluable to a Chantry; not only are they
among the
thing useful in any war. Their powers may heal both normal and
aggravated, wounds, ands€an cause theysame. Damage from the
Sphere of Lifelisifaitly standard, but sorcerersiwho know this Art
need not simply kill opponents. A Life Mastétsmay paralyze
opponents with musclé spasms, age them or turn them into mic
Studertts of Liféimay also improve theltsbodies (ob others'
sometimes transforming them into new creattires altogether.

Transformation or mutation works the same way asit does
with any other Sphere; to change one thing intoanother (orcreate
it fromnowhere"), the mystick must use another Sphere to do it.
Life Patterns, then, may beicreatedfromForcesyMatter or thepure:
ether of Prime. (See page 187.)

Generally speaking, the Sphere of Life governs items still
containing living|¢ells@= for example, fresh fruit, silkworm co-
coons or even a raw steak — even if the item is technically dead.
Ifsomething is aliye enough to be planteddn the grodnd to sprout,
or js still serviceable for transplant,gurgery orfat least tissue
culttires, Life rules it. If it's organicgbut eomplerély non-living —
such as dried fruit, hair, lumberg$traw or ray(ilk fibers — yet still
unworkéd, Matter may.claifn it.

Masters of Life are known forehitir perfect health. Their skin
is free of scars or blemishespehiey eat and drink as much or as little
they please, and.theyirarely tire. Upon achieving Mastery, they
tend to changéltheir appearance to suit their whims.

trongest of warriors, they also work as healers, some-

200

Mage: The Ascension

Sense Life

The mage begins his study by identifying Patterns of Life. By
reading these Patterns (however his philosophy defines this), he
can learn a lot about a life form — its age, its sex and every aspect
of its health. With this awareness, the mage can also sense
different forms of life nearby.

Alter Simple Patterns
Heal Self

Life manipulation begins with the simplest living Patterns. A
mystick can alter the structure of basic life forms now, from
microscopic viruses and bacteria to creatures as complex as insects
and shellfish (as a good rule of thumb, any invertebrate is consid-
ered a simple Life Pattern). All plant life, from algae to sequoia
trees, possess Life Patterns simple enough for the mage to manipu-
late.

oe

The mage can only influence these simple Patterns at this
level; he can heal simple creatures or kill them, cause crabs to
ise the phero-

sprout extra legs, trees to bear fruit or bees to rel
al a swarm. Whatever he does, the creatures

mones which sig
themselves remain what they always were — he can mutate them,
but cannot transform them. A cherry tree is still a cherry tree

(even if itnow bears poisonous fruit), anda luna moth isstill a luna
moth (even if it now has a four-foot wingspan).
and the most complex

The mage also begins to unders
Patterns of Life, beginning with the one most familiar to him, his
own. At this stage, he may only correct (or create) breaks in his
Pattern to heal or harm himself as he desires.

Alter Self

Heal Life

Transform Simple Patterns
Create Simple Patterns

At this rank, the mage can alter his ow Pattern, making
subtle improvements and variations as he didiwith simple Patterns
at Life 2. He cannot substantially Change what he is (a human),
buteanchange-hisgendenonappearance or physically modify his
body to grow claws, fur, gills, etc.

Simple Patterns are now hisito commandyhemay turn them
inside-out, change one into anotheror even create thenventirely
from other Patterns, through conjuiietional Effects involving
Forces, Matter or Prime. The mage ean ¢hange wildfire into
wildflowers, glass grapes into living fruit or the Platonic ideal
butterfly into its living counterpart.

Unfortunately, any life form he creates has no mind beyond
what it held before. However, for simple life forms,

plants, this fault is virtually irrelevant. Even creatur
scan be imbued with some instinctive reflexes that
serve for intelligence in the absence of a true mind.

crabs or insec!

The mystick begins to understand other more complex or-
ganisms now, and may heal (or harm) other people as he did
himself at the previous rank.


eeee

Alter Complex Patterns
Transform Self

A mage who reaches this rank can change the structure of any
complex Life Patterns, including those of other sentient beings. As
with Life 2, the creatures subjected to this magick still retain their
variations on that basic form are still possible.

original form, but radi

A Life Adept can alter her form to resemble another living
being of approximately the same size and mass. She may become a
deer, but not a mouse. Special abilities — water breathing, flight,
etc. —do not carry overt this level without additional Life Effects,
and moving around in the new form will take getting used to.

More naturalistic Traditions compensate for this shortcom-
ing by working instinct into the basic form. A mystick risks losing
her mind entirely this way, however. Some have found themselves
trapped in the shape of panthers or dolphins, and have only freed
themselves when they encountered something which reminded
them of what they truly were.

°

Transform Complex Patterns
Create Complex Patterns
Perfect Metamorphosis

A Master of Life can transform others as she transformed
herself at the previous rank. At this level, she can attain any form
she desires and alter others the same way.

This carries its own problems. A higher being transformed
into a lower one tends to trade intelligence for survival instincts,
while a lower life form changed into a higher one has similar
problems. A dog transformed into a bodyguard might be faithful,
but not terribly smart, and a turnip transformed into a dinner date
would still be a vegetable in mind, if not body. Getting such
creatures to stand on two legs, let alone speak, requires a long
period of instruction or a conjunctional Effect with Mind 3 (less
successes needed for the dog, many more for the turnip).

The perfect metamorphosis a Master achieves has no such
problems. A mage who shapeshifts at this level carries her mind
and Arts with her. Whatever she becomes, that form is as natural

as the one she was born into.

At this level, the mage also gains a most unique power, which
some might hold as divine: He can weave a new Pattern to create
any life form, even a human body, using conjunctional magick to
translate it from energy, matter or pure Quintessence with the
appropriate rank of Forces, Matter or Prime. Unfortunately, the
life form created has no mind or soul beyond the base material or
the Resonance it carries. A painting might be haunted by the ghost
of its subject, and the mage who caused her to step out into life
might find a perfectly capable woman (with her own agenda)
greeting him, while a handgun changed into a hamster might
become a particularly stupid, yet bloodthirsty, hamster.

Consequently, many mages prefer to create a new being out
of Prime Force, certain that it pos
what the mystick gives it. This might seem pointless, but mages

ses no mind or soul beyond

have found various uses for such soulless shells. Some create new
forms of life merely to study how new "improvements" might eff

their living bodies, while others imbue these soulless lifeforms
with preprogrammed reactions that mimic instinctual intelli-
gence. The Progenitors have a "damage control" division which
creates beasts whose only instinctive drive is to kill, then un-

leashes them against their enemies.

Life

. Sense Life

oe Alter Simple Patterns
Heal Self

eee

Alter Self
Heal Life

Transform Simple Patterns

Create Simple Patterns
Alter Complex Life P,

‘ ‘atterns
Transform Self

Transform Complex Life

ay Patterns
Create C ‘

Complex Life Patterns
Metamorphosis

Shapeshifting, Dise
Improvement, Cloning, Cr

Perfect
Specialtie:

‘ase, Healing,
eation

Empty husks make ideal resting places for spirits and astral
forms as well. Most spirits can manifest in an empty body (or even
possess occupied bodies) and interact with the physical world. A

mage who helps an Umbrood across this way can demand favors
and expect to get them.

Masters of both the Life and Mind Spheres can untether their
psyches and create new bodies for their own astral forms to fill,
while those adept at Spirit have devised a form of life insurance
which involves reincarnating in new bodies when the old ones die.

Such mages often leave a long trail of different identities behind
them, attaining a degree of immortality.

Life Effects

© Genetics Scan — Using her computer, a Virtual Adept
with Life Arts can execute a program to scan her immediate
vicinity for signs of life. Graphics indicate any nearby life forms'
and their position relative to the mage herself, as well as anatomi-
cal readouts of the detected forms based on their Patterns. The
Adept usually filters the input so her computer doesn't show every
gnat and cockroach. She can scan for single species, or even for
specific individuals ifshe has the person's Pattern scanned into her
computer's memory (automatic if the mage has previously scanned
the target). After about a quarter-mile range, the sca
highly inaccurate and may even show ghostly images of life forms
that aren't really there.

in. becomes

* Prayer of Healing Revelation — The Celestial Chorus
studies Life Arts to detect illness and injury. These Disciples learn
to identify flaws in a life form's Pattern that indicate various
diseases, injuries, poisons and parasitic infestations. The mystick
must usually make a Perception roll when scanning the Pattern.
The more successes scored, the more specific the information she
receives. One success might reveal poison, two might reve:

al the
poison is affecting the respiratory process, and three successes
might determine the poison to be cyanide.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 201

é

¢¢ Heal Simple Creature — A healer can attempt to repair

a life form's damaged Pattern. Virtually any affliction can be

corrected this way. General healing is decided the same way as

damage is. The Storyteller must decide the number of successes

required for other restorative Effects such as regrowing limbs,
curing paralysis, etc

Each attempt at healing a Pattern assumes that the mage does
as much restorative work as she is able. Repeating the Effect will
At the Storyteller's discretion, the mage

not heal more damag.
may attempt to fix more Pattern damage after the creature has had
sufficient time to heal. Any new damage suffered by the subject
Some sorcerers have been known

use more and then try again. Of

can also be treated by the mage

to cure a little bit of damage,

course, these same mages tend to botch this Effect and cause
immense damage

C
healed through magick. /
can only be treated using vulgar magick. Aggravated wounds such
as damage from Paradox backlash ot Pattern leakage (see "Better

ment when

ain types of wounds require speci

avated wounds (see Chapter Ten)

tre;

Body") cannot be healed with Pattern magick; only natural
healing will work.

Finally, two mages cannot successively heal a single subject
After one mage has cured a subject, another cannot try until the
subject suffers more damage. Two or more mages may still act in
concert to heal a subject

°° Ho Tien Chi — Chinese for "Breath of the Day after
Birth," Ho Tien Chi is a breath control exercise mastered by the
Akashic Brotherhood. Through this powerful E

fect, the mage
can restore damage done to his body. The results are the same as
those of Heal Simple Creature, above. Other groups practice
various methods of healing, from the Celestial Chorus's laying on

of hands to the crazed Technomancer theories involving electri-
cal stimulation of the body's healing faculties.

© Little Good Death — This Effect is the first form of
killing Euthanatos Disciples learn. With it, a mage mentally grasps
and shreds the Etheric Pattern of any simple creature (see the
Damage and Duration chart for damage). Other Traditions use

similar Effects, though less frequently

¢¢ Mold Tree — Verbena use this Effect to reweave the
Pattern of a tree, causing its branches or even its trunk to bend and
twist into new shapes

ee Better Body — By reweaving the Pattern of his own
body, a mage can improve on Mother Nature. Each success rolled

lets him increase one of his Physical Attributes or his Appearance
by one dot. These improvements can exceed the regular five dots,
but the Effect then strays into vulgar m: The Effect has the
usual duration; if the mage wants it to become permanent, he must
pay experience points for the improvements or suffer Pattem
leakage

Pattern leakage is caused by a metaphysical imbalance be-
tween a mage's outer form and his True Form — what he is, versus
what he appears to be. As time progresses, this leakage causes
physical trauma (i.e., Health Levels) as the mage's body feeds on
its own life energy in an attempt to sustain its exaggerated form.
A mage with this syndrome is, in fact, a thaumivore (see "Mythic
Beasts," Chapter Nine). If he's skilled in Prime, he may feed his
body from the Quintessence in his Avatar instead. When a

thaumivoric mage exhausts this alternate energy supply (which
commonly happens if he doesn't meditate at a Node), his body will
turn back to feeding on his life.

202 Mage: The Ascension

Sa

>

AN)
iAbbibbaaa

KKK
1
ro

SMa?

Sy

mY

A


VOAINM|

YW Yuseyy aysig seadeys)

do1deur sup asn 02 MOY puersiapuN ar] Jo sa]>
a9] step paaaryse
afew oy or ajqepiear Ajuo s
si] ‘a8eur v se snaeys sty pue EU e se AZoIsTY sty SULaquioUas
[18s 9[1ya uyyus v jo adeys ays ut aaty Aewr prezin ayy *Apoap10d
{ysotw pur pu Apog pur ‘I99{qo ou axe ssetu pue azig "1D9][91U sty
Surso] noyM saseayd ay adeys Aue aye 01 sndeu e sMoTTE YISeUL
dNaULD}] Wa!oUE SILL], — sISoydroUNLIAW 199}19g eeeee

me)
AzY OYM saSeur YBNoyp ‘jjasuty
uoneunoysuen wayied jo adéa

sadeys sadoad s19y1 02 Y9eq ways aBuLYD O2 YsIM
YM soyoata ayp sea} AoW pue — surety sv saajaswayp Jo Yury 01
WOd ATPENdUAAa []1A\ Ing ‘ssadoad UOReUNDIe J9BUO] B YBNI O38
01 puay suewiny ou! poBueyp speumuy "vya1apury v] v ‘uEWIYDeOD

B OU! asIOY ¥ JO sasIOY OUT ad!W WIM URI IDEyq sIyL

"uuioy Aue Ul y>1eUL Jo as ayBU |[NS
Aww saSew pur ‘adueyp rou saop aouanuas saoafqns oy] "(pura
pur sorem Gystuns , J994,, 02 ay MOTTE IU sasuas MoU UTES IysIUI
$01 a]qe 9q 10U Pjnom aan e OUT pouUOysULD

ang ‘way Jo |]!
uewiny B 3!) UO} MoU oY Jo asoy? O2 pax] oe sasuas

Jay {UO} MoU aU Jo saN|eUAd 10 NYduag ayp |]e s9At9d91 LONeUL
-4ojsued ayp Jo 1aLqns ay] "AY B 10 Boy v SB YN aiNeAID 4989]
¥ o1U! Japuayo Ue BurUINI ‘Woy aseaydsip OYm asoya UO 39994

sIy2 asn apr] Jo siaasepy BUaqueA — WO] [PUY eecee

uonows
ay) a19A9s BOW AY? ‘|Jor 199q aY2 UO sassaddns a10WL >yL
‘sQUOULIOY 1991109 dtp aYHs 40 aseaa1 01 Apog s,uosiad ay Sursned
Aq aoaqns © ur suonows sonput ued apr] Jo adopy Auy
‘spaau s,4pog atp 02 aaejs  J93U0] OU St
pur ayp pur puryag 49] st Apog wey soya ‘Ores Aay]ea4 peNatA e
rene 01 Yystm sidapy pemat A oy ry suoseas ayp Jo DUO st pur
isdyd ays jo AULA, SILL "sasneD peotojorq

ayp s9A0 Apog |v
sey usyo uorssardap uadg
-vjnuans urydiopua ajtyss ‘outpeuaupe aseajau 02 Apog ayp Bursne9

"aanseajd asuaqut uo Bung ue UO

Aq poonpur aq ue:
qtuessouday,, Ue
Suronpur Ag ‘stoandwoo peoiojorg se sBuroq ueWNY Mara sadopy
Jenn, Aueyy — Jonuog uonowg peo1o]or

4v9j 10 saBUv 931] SuONOW "soLAeYyaq s,uosiad e
Aayp ‘Apog jeorssyd ayp urpim suonsear uren99

Yd sees

"Apog sanag ur aaoge paquosap

jaya Buryea] wong oAeUINEN ayA asne> AvUE 9Ua2s DUO ULL

d10UL ase] IY suOHeINYY "Apog s,1afqns ayp diem uLD a8eu ay
yotyat 0 aaaiap atp sareorput paTjor sassaoons yo saquunu ay |,

-saingeay [e19ej puke pjing Iysiem Aysiay asn{pe or

aunzonzis Apog 8u1199] yp se suoneamnu

asayp asn osye (siuaSe 1199s pue surssesse AjjeIsadsa) syDHsAyy

‘gsinSsip jo Woy a2eUTT

"(or ‘swutof ayqixay ‘s]}!8) suoneaNU jeIDyaIUAq 40 (219 ‘UOR
-eindure ‘sisAyered) sanmuoyap Sutsne:

‘ounqeai Surat] your
Jo wuoJ ay s9I]e UD aseu ay] — WOY AIM oeee
"sty punose 203 02 pasn aq Avw syoiseur
pur YBnoyp ‘saLoWW snoraaid sty pue Woy anu sty staquiawi9s
dy a1ojaq auaUNash{pe Jo pouiod & YSNoyp oF or aacy [JIM ay ‘adeys
Jeameu sry 02 sungaz ay jf "aslMuayio UY sarUTAUOD BuIyaUIOs
[aun oinqeard aya uaa shemye sey ay aAa!J9q |]! ay NO suNE
3y Jt Yomody}!\ Tuads ureSax oD ay ‘payylys apy AA "st Ay
ay ey pue OYA J9quIOUIaL 01 WLOY MoU aU UI spuads oy rep Aep
ypea 1amod}]1 44 Jo 110d e puadxa isnt ay — woy sad syutod oa
8809 YDIYN — UO} UdAIS B MOU 02 9193 dy [UE "op Aoyp IeYAL
jo Surpueisiapun o1seq

y Ajuo aay siaSueysadeys mau Auepy

Nil

A

"29 v ayy] IYSY pur wd e ayI]
uUp Wed e ayH] Jem 01 MOY Ua] 02 DALY [JM JBN v jo adeys atp
soyfea oy aBeur Y "S22 9Y WHO} J9ADTEYA Ut IAOW pue YUIY OF
urea] isnur ay pur ‘pasueyp ioU s} aaoMoy ‘Pur st} *S
aeHuns jo Jeumrue J9yS1y Aue jo exp ou adeys sry zoye AeuL
aSeur aya "y>1Seu sip Yat "\ —BurBueysadeyg 498807] «

eu pur

SuBeyuowsy peut
pue suotso] se sisajrueur uayo aSewep siyp "wo apt] AUR IDaye
ueo Apog-ueyy ayy dry ysnoyp "ypeag poog apr] sajquiasor
yoiew siup jo aya []e1940 ay, "ApPAoINb suisneg oy JaavtuN
JOUULD ays ‘swig X9]dWOD Yons Jo oBpaymouy pap!erap $4>e|
a8eu ayp sy "suu0} ap] Xafduo> a10u1 Jo sWaMeY YI pudr ULD

soxeueyping ue 99}; stKp Ur A\ — Apog-ueyy ayp dry «

"sdunes
ainguMy 49y asvaiout ose
JOU Op asayp YSnoys ‘uoNeINUL Yons Yova Joy XopeILg Jo IUIod
jusueULAd & yo YEU ose asnUT ays UaUEULAd sUDWOAOduU

koxp ssayun oe:

Ba] wianeg asned

Yons aye o2 siuEM ays J] "zeB]NA AjperdUds st rayq sty (UAT,
aaadeyg ,,1equi0;,, 998) SPAT 10 sae]> ‘sqnyo se suodvam jeaNeU
asayp 1vad | °29 ‘Ses UOsIOd ‘saUOg asuap-EIIX ‘savE]D ‘SHUEY —
JA Sty asn osye Av aBeu oy L

Asuodeam yeameu a1va39 02 39
"yureg uo aatains Ajayes 02 svBjnA 003
auiodaq Aueu — s8i0gho X UREA] YIM Wa|qord UOUTUIOD v st
sty ‘sapessdn se8]na Apsaao yons asoy MOYoUIOs ay [HUN XOpEIeg
juueUad Jo siutod 9ary2 aAvY P[Nom g or AAIXEG sIy pue
1,01 yaBuang sty paseazout oym a8eUr v °B'9 ‘ss9ox9 Ut JUIOd A19A9
s0J Xopeivg Jo 10d qUDUeULIAd w yo YreU asnU ay ‘Inq
Aue ur siop ¢ Jo wnuNXeW UeLUNY dy spavdxe oBeu ay JT
‘WHO and] s,a8ew ayp adueyp ued 11 Ysnoyp ‘aseyeay
wrong asnes 10U saop styp "uAWaAoIduN Ue UY? UOReIAE
Uv Jo 910 st TuMoug 01 S949 aNJq 40 ‘ULaT] AapeIDads YABUaIg 40
Aumeag Aajersads ypSuang SuiSueyoxa "at quazayp se z9niaq YonuUt
0s 10U s} Y>TYym aUO OUT WaneY INOA SuNMaL APUDUEULg

"stoutur asnoyury 02 suoHod snorxou Woy BurypAIaAa Burajoaut
Suesvajdun Ajjenbs are spoyzaur jeuoMpesy, your pue ‘19Bins
pidew oneisouysay ysnomp f aoue
avaddy 01 | aouesvaddy woy Su109 ‘sapisaq uted pue au s1s09

onisejd aarsuarxa sayea

pure [Jor y>13eu ayr7] 1eBjna v UO sassadons aay sea] Ie saumnbad sty |,
"aq AjpeunoU pjnoa a aya Jo Jey st AV sy aanquaay ue astel
Apusueunad 01 aso9 ayp ‘wog anay sty die 01 stem 9Y J]
"uuo} [RAMIEU S11 01 29A91 01 APOg Sty SMOT]E 10
‘s1uauiaaosdunt ay 103 Aed 01 siurod atp spuads ‘sarp aew ayp jun
sonunuos aseyea] Wane pue ‘Buyesy wo2eg Yysnowyp rou ‘aIe7
Jemeu e 2 Jeay Ajuo Ue> a8eyxea] WONeY Woy parayns adeuEG
apeiidn quaueutad & 10} shed ay 40 (sonquay ur pautes siutod
at Busop) wo} JeaMIeU SI 01 9AAZ 01 UATE SY sMOTTE ABE
aya [UN payeay 40 parsauz09 aq 10WURD aSeuEp sty], ‘sonUTUT

uaaa Jo sinoy 01 asea19ap UeD [eALIUT sIyp ‘Apog paaordut sty jo
sant iqedes ayp s1z9xo ay jf [9811 ABDUa apI] sty WO aDUDSSaTUIN)
sureip WsHOATUMEYp sty Se WY parsoog eB suILIUIEW ay ILA
Aep A1aaa 10} aBeuep Jo [2A] Yp]ea}Y AUO JaYNs [JEM eu y


A

IW ZZ NS

NG Ail

Matter

You've heard of the Philosopher's Stone, have you not? The
Platonic ideal carved from thought and given form by the greatest of our
Arts? It's said that such an item, if it could be made (which indeed it
could and can), would transform base metals into their finest form —
gold. Like those who sought the Stone, we Children of the Mysteries
would bring all who surrounds us — from base brass rabble to sterling
statesmen — to their purest state.

Unuil then, we content ourselves with shaping the world around us
toour wills. Turning lead into gold is no fairy tale — I can demonstrate
the act right here, given just a bit of time. With much study and
dedication, you too can achieve what men have bragged of for centuries
— transmutation of form to form. In time, you may even summon form
where there was none to speak of before. Matter is what we make of it
Let no Technocratic table of elements tell you otherwise.

Specialties: Transmutation, Shaping, Conjuration, Com-
plex Patterns

Matter is one of the Spheres of the Elements, the sum of the
Pattern Magicks (Forces, Life and Matter) and the etheric Sphere
of Prime. To the Order of Hermes, Matter governs the feminine
elements, Water and Earth, while to the Akashic Brotherhood, it
is the Sphere of Water, Earth and Metal. This Sphere concerns
itself with the Patterns of non-living matter, though the precise
line between this Sphere and the Sphere of Life, like the precise
line between the Elements, varies from Tradition to Tradition
(see "Life"). Most Technocrats draw the line between inorganic
and organic material, or between simple organic chemistry and
complex organic chemistry.

Wherever the division lies, students of Matter first learn to

analyze their subject, then to transmute one basic substance into
another. After this

craft articles of great complexity and finally, at Mastery of the

a mage learns to rework the shapes of items,

Sphere, create items of wonder and the substances of legend,
including Orichalcum (True Gold), Lunargent (True Silver),
Hermium (True Mercury), plutonium and the other highly radio
active elements, dragon pearls, mythical perfumes and marvelous

machines, alloys and automatons that defy "conventional" sci-

enc

Masters of Matter tend to have a variant of the Midas touch.
All their material possessions (and those they come in contact
with) are fine and precious, polished, sparkling or in a perfect state
of repair. Nevertheless, they hold most possessions in disdain in
favor of art and craftsmanship. This viewpoint leads many Master

of Matter to become haughty or at least be perceived as such.

204

Mage: The Ascension

. :
Matter Perceptions

The Disciple of Matter begins by recognizing the various

Patterns of Matter, including the underlying structures that giv

objects their shapes and physical properties. With these percep-

tions, she can detect thingshidden from normal senses. Inaddition

to sensing the composition and properties of Matter, the Disciple
candiscern structures hidden within structures; material no longer
forms a barrier to her senses

Basic Transmutation

The mage may transmute one substance into another, with.

out changing its shape, temperature or basic state (solid, liquid,
gas). Mages of mystick Traditions can change milk into cream or
mahogany into oak, while scientists change water to acid or lead

into gold. The more radical the transmutation, the more successes

the spell requires. It's easier to change water into wine (one
success) than into sulfuric acid (three), and more complicated to
turn stones into bread (three successes) than sourdough into rye
(one)

With an understanding of Prime and the other
Magicks, a mage
governed by Forces, Life or Prime into basic Patterns of Matter,

Pattern
may use conjunctional Effects to transform items

including changing living beings into stone or spinning moon-
light into thread. With Prime 2, she may harness the ether to
create (or uncreate) any simple, basic thing composed of one
common homogeneous substance. A quartz boulder shaped vaguely

like a woman is possible, but a dainty china shepherdess is not
With difficulty, a stick of plastique could be conjured (but not the
detonator), though a couple plutonium spheres are out of the
question (the highly radioactive elements cannot be created until
Rank 5). A bowlful of oatmeal or even blueberry pancakes could
be made to appear, but not a baroque wedding cake. The more rare

and/or complex a given substance, the more difficult it is to create

from pure ether. It's easier to create glass than diamonds and

simpler to make flour than bread. Elaborate creations must wait
until Rank 4
Making things hotter or colder than they were originally, or to

change one substance into another with a higher or lower potentia
Effect with Forces, though Matter
alone can change ice into ice cream or boiling water into hot soup,

energy, requires a conjunctional

Transmuting solids into liquids or liquids into gas requires either
Matter 3 or the use of Forces 3/Prime 2 (or some mundane means)

to boil or freeze the affected substanc

Alter Form

At the third rank of Matter, the mage can finally overpower
the rigid Patterns of reality. By selectively altering different
aspects of an object's Pattern, he can change its shape however he
desires — compressing it to increase its density and decrease its
volume while retaining the same weight, inflating it so as to
decrease its density and increase the volume, or temporarily
changing the state, so that solids become liquids or liquids become
gas. Permanent changes in state require Rank 5.


A mage who understands this rank may sculpt matter intoany
shape she pleases, limited only by the physical properties of the
materials she uses. Broken items may also be repaired seamlessly,
if she has the mundane knowledge to do so.

"*** Complex Transmutation
Adepts of Matter may now perform radical changes to physi
cal materials and craft complex and intricate items involving
several common substances or one or two rare ones. Any sort of
regular matter may be changed into any other — a squirt pistol
into a loaded zipgun (three successes) or a trash dumpster into a
small tank (five successes) — though as with Rank 2, the more
radical the transformation, the more difficult the feat

With conjunctional Effects, the Patterns of Life, Forces or
Prime itself may be transmuted into Matter, allowing mages to
turn pumpkins into gilded coaches, lightning bolts into swords or
the Quintessential ether into master keys. Complex organic cre
ations are also possible, including silk ballgowns, roast chickens
and Persian rugs.

Alter Properties

At this pinnacle of understanding, Masters of Matter may
create new substances which do not exist in nature by taking
existing materials and altering their physical properties, such as
boiling or melting points, density, ductility, transparency, viscos-

ity, refraction index, etc. A sorcerer may even make one object

immaterial to some other substance, creating bullets which can

phase through armor and killer robots that can walk through walls

(leaving the walls intact).

with this level of magick. Masters build castles with pape

silk and we:

Aswith the Fifth Level of Forces, there are safeguards agi
Masters of Matter using their powers to run amok. Assuming a

mages, fly
happen with vulgar magicks ofa sufficiently grand scale. However,
small, portable black holes —with event horizons of no more than

Matter

Matter Perceptions
Basic Transmut,
Alter Forms

Compl

ation

ss x Transmutation
* Alter Properties

Specialties: Transmut

se ation, Shaping,
-onjuration,

mpl

x Patterns

All the substances of legends and comic books are possible

thin

walls and wear clothes of indestructible armor that feel softer than

less than a feather. The rare prizes of Technocratic

science, such as the manmade radioactive elements, are also
reserved for this level

mage had enough extended successes, an eight ball could be given
the density of a black hole, but such a vulg:

creation would

require many successes and draw serious consequences (angry

sbjects, Paradox, etc.) upon the conjurer, as tends to

five feet —are useful, if vulgar, toys of some Masters of this Sphere.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules

206 Mage: The Ascension

a

Matter Effects

* Fragments of Dream — Dreamspeakers view all matter as
fragments of the Earth Mother's dreams. By tapping such dreams,

they can expand their perception of Matter. The mage extends her

senses beyond physical reality into Pattern. She no longer sees matter
in the same way, ¢.g., instead of a brick wall, she sees its Pattern in
her mind's eye.

This allows the mage to perceive things that would be unseen
in physical reality; she could sense the contents of a room beyond a
wall, or detect objects or structures that might otherwise be hidden,
such as the false bottom of a suitcase. Really dense or complex
Patterns (bank vaults, bramble thickets, etc.) may require several
successes to penetrate

The only limit to this Effect is that the mage can only sense the
Patterns of Ma

ter (unless she is a Disciple of other Pattern magicks).

* Analyze Substance — Now a mage begins to identify the
Patterns of different substances. He can detect the exact composi-

tion of any substance and determine aspects such as the object's a

or w

ght by examining the Pattern. The mage could distinguish
diamonds from cubic zirconiums, detect poison in wine or tell an
antique chair from a modem imitation by studying the chair's

Pattern to see si

ns of aging.

© © Straw into Gold — The spellweavers of the Verbena use this
Effect to turn substances of little value into those of great value, the
most classic of which are spinning straw into gold and teardrops into
diamonds

Most such Effects are vulgar, but there are less showy applic
tions. One, used by the Order of Hermes, is the Seeds of Gold, an

alchemical process borrowed from the fabled Children of Knowledge
The m:

ze sows the ground with specially prepared "seeds," and when

the ground is dug up, gold is discovered (and easily explained away as

coincidence). Likewise, a mage can raise the butterfat content of milk

or improve the quality of wine without raising any eyebrows.

eeeore

*e Alter State — By adding Forces 3/Prime 2 to

Matter to change an object's boiling or freezing point, the mage can

ter between solid, liquid and gaseous. With

alter the state of

Matter 5, she doesn't change the temperature of the matter, merely
Water

ice remains at room temperature. It doesn't fre

its forn y be frozen into ice at room temperature, but the

because it becomes

colder; it freezes because the mage altered the temperature at which

the water will freeze.

Such alteration depends on the successes rolled; Storytellers
should just use common knowledge to decide what is possible at

various levels of success. One success would cause water to freeze at

room temperature, while five successes could turn gases in the air
into solids, encapsulating other objects or people. The alteration
lasts only for the Effect's duration, after which it returns to normal

eee Destroy Structures — The mage uses her knowledge of
Matter Patterns to break down structures by shredding their Pat
terns. The Et

downa Pattern as quickly as possible. She can shred steel doors, cause

fect resembles Sculpture, but the mage simply breaks

wooden tables to fall apart or make concrete crumble. She may even

disperse pools of gas or liquid as long as there is an open area into

which the pool can dilute; an oil fire burning on top of a river could

be extinguished by causing the oil to disperse into the water.
# © Sculpture — Cultists of Ecstasy who practice the Sphere
of Matter are usually fine artists who use magick to create ne

mediums of art. Those who understand the third rank of Matter can

use nearly anything as a medium for artistic interpretation.

These mages become sculptors extraordinaire, reshaping houses,
fire hydrants, cars, doors, furniture, etc. A mage need only mentally
re-sculpt the image of the matter and then modify its Pattern so that
the object assumes the desired shape. A larger object requires more
successes to manipulate, and the mage can change only the shape of
the item, not its properties.

The mage can only affect one type of material with each Effect.
The more successes she rolls, the larger or more intricate the
structure she can destroy

eee Transformers — The stuff of spy thrillers and Japanese
animation; both the Sons of Ether and Iteration X regularly trans-
form one machine into another radically different one. A ‘57 Chevy
could have knives sprout from the hubcaps or Gatling guns pop out
from under the hood, a motorcycle could become a jet-ski, a tank
could be changed into a powered armor suit, or a combine harvester
could be transmogrified into a turbo-charged scythe chariot with
silver blades to take on a pack of werewolves.

Some transformations are more vulgar than others. Pressing a
button to squirt an oil slick onto the road behind the car is within the
realm of possibility, but having a Honda Civic produce helicopter
blades and go flying through the air is not. Likewise, knowing how to
tr

nsform a device and knowing how to operate it are two separate

things — a mage who knows how to drive a Honda Civic might not
know how to pilot a helicopter
oe

¢ Alter Weight — This Effect allows a Son of Ether to
alter an object's density, changing its weight but not its size. He

could, for example, reduce the density of the iron in a crowbar,

making it lighter but not changing its shape or size. For every success
on the magickal Effect roll, the mage can adjust the density of the
object by one factor. With two successes, he could double or halve an
object's density; four successes enable him to quadruple or quarter an
object's weight, and so on with more successes. Objects with a
substantially reduced density tend to become brittle and fragile; some
even collapse

* Matter Pattern Disassociation — The unwieldy name
for this Effect undoubtedly came from the labs of the Sons of Ether.
By modifying the Patterns of two pieces of matter so that the two
items become insubstantial with respect to one another, a mage can
keep those items from interacting in any way. Doors might slide
through their hinges and fall, water may cascade through a pipe, a
truck wheel-tim could drop through the rubber tire and grind on the
pe
regard to each other.

ement, etc. The affected items are in no way changed except with

The more successes the mage scores, the more mass he can

affect. He may simultaneously affect several similar items, such as all

four wheels and all four tires on a truck at once, so long as they're
formed of the same material.

‘apping the Signal — Virtual Adepts use Mastery of

Matter to turn any substance into a conductor capable of transmitting

computer signals. They can send computer signals through brick walls
or along the pavement of an interstate highway. They sometimes use
this Effect to eavesdrop by tapping into computer communications on
"isolated" lines by forming a conductive path to the private line

through any matter in between, be it walls, insulators, etc

It rumored that the Virtual Adepts have fine enough control of
this Effect to turn the ground itself into a network of computer lines.
The mage need only plughis computer into the ground itself to create
a channel into the ground that taps into the nearest preestablished
line. Whether such a network exists or whether su

h tales come only

from on-line bragging remain to be seen.

—

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules

207


NO Ail

N

Mind

In the beginning, there was Mind — not our own, perhaps, but a
sentience which proclaimed to the Void, "I exist," and made it so. Our
Artis alegacy of that First Primal Thought. That which is exists because
we will it to be so

Youneed not speak with words. I will hear you before you can utter
them. Psychic phenomena is but an echo of the power we know. To
perfect our link with that First Thought, we strengthen our minds,
shelter our thoughts and project our sentience, first to others, then across
the realms of the unconsciousness until we meet that First Thought and
declare that we, too, exist.

Specialties: Communication, Illusion, Self-Empowerment,
Astral Travel

Mages have long delved into their own minds in search of
power. The scope of knowledge derived from countless years of
enlightened investigation has led to the development of the
Sphere of Mind, which covers. the, manifold powers attributed to
the human minditself, It does not includéjthe.physiological
processes@f the organic brain. Mind Arts transcend biologyfor the
raw essence of intelligentthoughts

Masters@6f Mind"have opened theifmental faculties far
beyond' the! scope imagined by the unenlighten@dpPerception,
communicationéven domination are their province. Their con-
ttol extends from the glimmers ofisentience exhibited by aninials
tO the higher factilties of the human mind.

Mind Arts pack little physieal punch — they do one success
less‘@n the Damage chart =#but have endless subtle applications.
Most Bffectaji¢leverlyséast and helped along with Social rolls,
subliminal programming treatments, cybernetic implants and
rigorous concentration, can be used coincidentally.

Masters of Mind occasionally reveal themselves through odd
behavior patterns — finishing other people's sentences, light-

ning-fast mathematical calculations or foreknowledge of complete
strangers. Most tend to be intfOspective and often talk to them-
selves.

Ss Sense Thoughts'@ Emotions

Empower Self

The mage begins to sense the rhOughts and emotionsyin the
air around her. She cannot yet read these thoughts, but can sénse
their strength and intensity. Thisis not a true lookatthe soull (that
requires Spirit 1) but at the! shell of emotional radiance that
surrounds it. %

The mage may also read the psychic impressions left on
objects@At this stage, she cannot read any actual thotights.or
images, bubcan sense "goodGtttbadyvibes" from an objector place.
This /ineludes thegResonance attached t Tassor the aura of @
Quintessential wellspring at a Node or Juncture. WithoumPrime
2, she eam tell how stOng such@nergies uray be, but she'll be able
to understand the best uses forsuch Quifitessence (see the Modi-
fiers chart for details),

208 Mage: The Ascension

a

The Mind initiate also learns to influence her dreams and
shield herself from the inevitable mental barrage of others' thoughts
and emotions. With work (a magick roll), she can hide her aura
and shield her thoughts from casual observation — though deter-
mined and perceptive mages and other beings may still be able to
read them.

. Read Surface Thoughts
Mental Impulse

The mage learns not only how to recogr
e can read memories "attached" to objects by

thoughts, but how

to read them.
others' minds (basic psychometry) and scan surface thoughts from
unshielded minds. The greater the emotional content, the louder
the "volume" and the easier it is to read such impressions.
leave that same psychic impressions on objects or places inten-
tionally, too, "creating" Resonance.

She can

The mage can also send such thoughts and emotions out
("looking daggers" or "blowing kisses") until they find their target.
Complex thoughts cannot be sent.this way, but single wor
images or emotional impulsé9)can be ed8ily "beamed" into an
unshield&bbeing's subcohscious mind. Such stiggestions are much
more insidiousjand an oftensbéliiore effective, than direct
communication,

Two mages of thissamérankan also form a primitive mental
link by,dropping their shields and reading each other's conscious
minds,

The mage may also er€ateimore elaborate shields in her mind
and disguise the odlor of her aura, or erect a complex mental
"window dressing" to fool other mentalists into underestimating
or ighoring he, She can also control her dreams to some extent,
théugh mangiaspects still lie beyond her influence.

Mental Link
Walk Among Dreams

link between her own

The mage can now establish a c
Consciousness and the minds of others. She can use this link for
telepathic communications > 6f invasions.

The ability to projetn.thoughts and images into another's
mind allows a mystick to project false perceptions. At this rank,
the mage has full command of perceptual illusions!|Some Tradi-
tions teach means of projecting psychiedisturbancesintoasubject's
mind. These psychic assaults take many forms, but their endigoal
is to turn the victim into a mental vegetable.

The mage may now contact the minds of other dreamers in
héFsleep and begin to explore the DreatRealms. While waking,
she may als6liseher abilities to enter the dreaming consciousness
of others, though suehittipsare risky. Some Sleepers have particu
latlyrrich dream lives, and even a mage'Who enters one may be at
the dreamer'siitierey. A number of spiritual entitiessalso Jair in
dreams and may be very téftitorial.


Control Conscious Mind
Walk Among Dreams

A Mind Adept can actually take over another person's mind
and occupy his body for her own ends. His thoughts, should she
will it, are not his own, but hers. Once this invasion has begun, she
may control her victim directly, cure or cause insanity, change his
memories or set up posthypnotic suggestions. The mage can
overlay her subject's aura with another of a completely different

color and pattern. The victim may slowly recover as the subcon-
scious mind reasserts the true memories, but the subject's Demeanor

is usually irrevocably altered.

The Adept can also leave her dreams behind and make brief
excursions into the astral reaches (Skimming the Penumbra;
"The Otherworlds," Chapter Nine). These trips must be short
and can become dangerous. For each success the mystick rolls, she
may leave her meditating body for one turn. Afterward, she returns

ee

to her physical self.

eoeee

Control Subconscious
Ontether
Forge Psyche

A Master of Mind rules not only his own mind, but other
minds as well, both mortal and spirit. Through this power, he may
invade not only the conscious mind, but the subconscious as well,
completely rewriting the underlying personality until the thoughts
which compose the psyche bear no resemblance to anything that
existed before, utterly changing the person's Nature. The only
integral part of the being which the mage may not touch is the
Avatar and its memories of past lives, for to perform this ultimate
crime requires the Sphere of Spirit.

The mage may also divorce a psyche from the body, switch
and merge, copy or transfer the entire sum

minds between subjects
of a person's memories and knowledge from one body to another.
His powers allow him to increase a subject's intelligence and wits
to genius levels (5 dots) and may begin to increase his own beyond
that (though not without risk; see "Better Body").

and a Master of

Complete astral travel is also possible now,
ve her body for hours or even days at a time. She must
eventually return, however; complete astral existence transcends
anything a mortal mage can know.

The greatest power of a Master of Mind, however, is the
ability to create true conscious thought. A Master may create
another thinking, rational mind where none existed before, ex-
panding its intelligence and designing its personality however she
likes

Computers and other inanimate objects — as well as the
empty shells created by Masters of Life — may be given true
sentience without granting them a soul. When such creatures are
destroyed, however, their psyches tend to die with them as well

Mind

. Sense Thoughts & Emotions
Empower Self

Read Surface Thoughts
Mental Impulse

Mental Link

Walk Among Dreams

Control Conscious Mind
Astral Projection
Control Subco:
Forge Psyche
Specialties: C
Self-Empow.

cious

-ommunication, Illusion.
erment, Astral Travel

Mind Effects

© Multi-Tasking — Each success scored with this Virtual
Effect enables a mage to perform one additional
this as setting up parallel processing in their

Adept-christened
task. The Adepts
minds. Any normal (non-magickal) task may be so programmed;
thus a mage who rolled two successes might speak on the tele
phone toacomrade, program acomputerand memorizea recording
in the background. The real limit is the mage's physical ability to
perform all of the tasks his mind is capable of processing.

Pe

Unfortunately, mages (other than the Oracles of Mind) have
been unable to channel their wills through more than one thought
avenue at once. Thus, the mage cannot simultaneously evoke
multiple magickal Effects, nor can he spend Willpower on more
than one task at a time.

* No-Mind — All mages who possess Rank One Mind are
capable of scanning their surroundings for sentience. Akashic
Brothers, however, have perfected the Effect to a fine art. These
mages entera Zen-like trance state wherein their own thoughts are
bdued and their minds become open to the impressions of other

minds. Such a mage senses the general location of any minds near
her, as well as other details such as the gender of the detected
creature, i.e. male/female/neuter (some plants and spirits actually
register to Mind magick), the type of creature (human, rat,
redwood) and sometimes the general behavior of the creature

(running, hiding, eating. etc.). Some Do masters have been

known to blind themselves purposefully, forcing them to rely on
the No-Mind Effect. Such mages believe that this state is a step
toward Ascension and should be cultivated.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 209

\

VAEXS

NO Ail

© Pathos — The mage may sense others' emotions and
rby psychic resonance left by strong emotions and events. This
appears differently to various mages; some see auras as washes of
colors around highly-charged objects and people, while others
vicariously experience the emotion itself. This can be very dis-
turbing, and most Disciples of Mind learn to build a strong mental
shield to protect themselves from negative emotions.

n

Particularly intense emotions are plain as day and twice as
bright. Mages need no roll to sense them, though Storytellers
should require a Willpower roll to avoid the worst effects of an
emotional kick. Subtler emotions must be searched for; the more
successes the mystick scores on the Effect roll, the more the mage
understands the feelings and their origins. With one success, the
mage senses anger; two successes, and she senses anger mixed with
fear; three successes, and she senses anger spawned from anguish
over loss mixed with fear, and so on.

© Shield — One of the first exercises taught to a Disciple of
Mind is the ability to shield her own mind. This protects her from
both mental invasion and her own psychic sensitivity. Without
such shields, many mentally gifted mages can go mad, confusing
their own thoughts with the thoughts that filter into their heads.

A shield also stops the light surface thoughts and emotions
which most humans broadcast. An Akashic Brotherhood monas-
tery is truly a place of serene self-contemplation, a much-needed
refuge for young mages who have Awakened the powers of their
minds but have not yet learned how to train them.

A Hermetic Mind 3 variant, ABgis, expands this shield to
protect other minds. Each success over the second allows the mage
to shield one additional comrade for the spell's duration.

© © Psychic Impression — A mage may impress her emotions
into an object, infusing it with Resonance for various magickal
uses. A bullet infused with hatred for one's enemies, for example,
will fire no better than a normal one nor do any form of aggravated
damage. It would hurt more psychically than a regular bullet
would, assuming it hit its intended target.

Likewise, if a mage places additional magicks on an item,
Resonance will aid the spell, so long as the intent works with the
psychic impressions (see Modifiers chart). For example, a target-
ing spell used with a hate-filled bullet could be much easier
depending on the strength of the psychic impressions.

The more genuine thought and emotion a mage focuses into
an object, the greater its Resonance; a false emotion won't have
the same effect. If the mage really doesn't care, the only Reso-
nance she may infuse into an object is "disinterest."

© Subliminal Impulse — The mage can broadcast a single
image or word into a subject's subconscious. The more successes
rolled, the more powerful the suggestion. Subtle impulses will
work their way into the conscious; more powerful impulses blaze
straight into the subject's conscious mind. The subject's response
depends upon both her Willpower and the compatibility of the
impulse with her normal feelings and behavior.

Powerful impulses can cause dramatic changes in behavior or
trigger spontaneous reactions. For example, a mage may cause a
waiter to drop a plate by impelling to the waiter's subconscious
"HOT" as the man picks up the plate. Truly

Telepathy — The mage establishes a communication
link between his own mind and a number of minds equal to the

number of successes he scores. Surface thoughts automatically
flow across the link from everyone involved, creating a collage of
images and language. Thos stomed to telepathic commu-
nication invariably send more information than they had intended

unac!

to share. Indeed, linking several untrained minds creates a tre-
mendous volume of psychic "noise," as those untrained in telepathy

do not know how to blank their minds to avoid constantly
"talking" across the link.

Graphic Transmi ch the
power of illusion in their customary fashion — through computer

sion — Virtual Adepts approa

technology. To create an illusion in a subject's mind, the mage
executes a graphics routine on his computer and transmits it
directly into the subject's consciousness. Whatever images he
creates on his computer display are seen, heard and smelled by the

subject as if they were real, because they exist in her mind.

The number of successes on the magick roll limits the
complexity of the desired illusion. An illusion of complete dark-
ness would require two successes, while a fully detailed person who
walks and talks would require four or five successes. The Story-
teller may grant victims of this Effecta Perception roll to distinguish
between reality and illusion (for Virtual Adept illusions, this
means noticing that certain visions look digitized or made up of
very fine pixels). Someone who knows an illusion for what it is
remains free to ignore it. She may still act on reflex, however, even
though she knows better; were someone to "throw" an illusionary
ball at her head, she would still duck, if only on impulse.

Probe Thoughts — The mage may attempt to invade
the thoughts of another, after choosing the types of thoughts she
wishes to scan: memories, surface thoughts, emotional ties, sub-
ory impulses, etc.

conscious desires, sens

Ifthe sorcerer successfully evokes this Effect, the subject may
suddenly find himself a passive observer to his own thought
processes, no longer in control of which thoughts sift through his
conscious mind, experiencing the memories or emotions that the
mage summons.

Ifthe mage simply scans surface thoughts, the subject will feel
only a vague intrusion; most Sleepers will immediately dismiss this
sensation. The subject will retain control of his thoughts; in this
case the mage is the passive observer. The mage can maintain the
scan fora number of minutes equal to the number of successes. She
cannot probe the same subject again until he sleeps.

While the subject must be present for the mage to work the
Effect (unless the mage also uses Correspondence), he can travel
anywhere once the mage has successfully established the probe.
The mage might establish a mental link allowing her to see
whatever her subject sees. The subject can then go around a
corner, out of sight or even be transported away with other magick,

and the mage's sensory link will remain for the Effect's duration.

* Possession — The Possession Effect, commonly used
by Dreamspeakers and Euthanatos, operates like Probe Thoughts,
in that the mage invades the mind of another. This in
much more dramatic than that of Probe Thoughts, however, and
the victim instinctively attempts to eject the mage's psyche. Ifthe
sorcerer fails to possess the target, she cannot try again until the
victim sleeps.

ion is


1IZ sapny yoseyy aysig yaadeys)

-peaasut suapnereyy 2q
asidapy yenut, aay
eq B aptaoid suoneas9 asoup

Ajduns 2ystw Aayp ysnoyp ‘spy aq 01 wre] U:
y ‘stoandutos [nyromod asouu 941.10} $
se ‘spy aieand [Js sidopy yemur, Auewi ‘sysiz ayp andsoq

"Buruvaw au a]oYs B UO aye1 ULI UOROENIE
Jere) ‘sasn UMO SHE JO} RY LTH & xeLLY pue siindwos s,x
uoresaj] 01 UI ye pu UT Ye! Or AdIpIGe aUp Sey paayoaut PY at
dy pur ‘paurjout Ajsnorowe autos9q dorde] sry pey sey adopy
Jena, uo uetp aoyy ‘udaMI0q UT sadEIs BuNsosdIUT May B YATAN
‘ssausno]]aqay 2ua2sajope 1 Naaru o¥!]PI!Y> Woy Moss or purr
Aayp ‘uaapptys ayy] sannus ajqeaoipaidun pue aBuens are spy
"(quay ap
aged 01 apt] Jo a1aydg ayp sauinbax sane] ay YBnoyp) Apog Sutaty
8 O1UT porigysueN UDAD UL qo,\ [eI] aya OU! paxtaysuEN 9q
ued (wayp [Je Aaya se) py Ue Ly ‘SurumuesZoud oyp utang auTyeU
dy) UL apisaa AyjeoisKyd rou saop aouaHUDS sy "soTeUOsIod

pue aouatuas siaindwos xoyr auesS or 199yq sTyA asn S91

sey adopy jem, — (aouadyjoauy peynay) Ty «

pura
Jeur3i20 s,4poq aeyp UII Aatpeuosiad ay}dse SurWOD9q syeuosso
‘Apog ay ut 199]]97UF UO sTY asnoY Aqaz9tp puk IUsNUAs J9yIOUR
Jo purus ayp jonuos or adwone dew asew ayp ‘a]qejeae 10u
St [8804 [exD1SeUL Aaduta ue J] "APoq Jay LOUK 02 p109 sty IDaULODa1
snus of] "AeMe dis 01 suiaq aBeu ayp ‘wWyEay Jeotshyd au or
UI] ay ANOYIM "AIMOH{ "(YEA PUOADG swTLAY YD Wo aed
rey suds urena9 Aq papunoy Buiag aiam Aoyp rep sajdiosig

Jeazodios roy 01 pariodaz sueaw siyp Aq Aatperouru aaatyre Oo
paysin oym pulpy Jo siaseyy auOs YBnoya) Yeap [edIsAyd s,4poq
ayp Aq par
ap st Apog jeotsdyd s,2
So1Pog J9Y10 01 Sp409 194]! A19Yp1 I29UUOIAL 01 9] qe aq 01 92UASAd
Jense pur Apog yeorsdyd ayp uaaanog yur] ay anoge YZnoua MoU
pulp Jo siaaseyy YaAaMOP] "A]peNIse AoUNOf 01 3 saAvay ay 2U0
Apog [eaiskyd sty Jo axeaeun Ajaiaydwuos sauiosaq ase y

Aons

yjeun st aouasoud jexise s,a8eur ay. "SaIp 40 F
seu ays] wEuodutt Ajyersadsa st stp

aquosap 01 SunuaLOsIp 001 aouaLiadxa ayp puyy
soBeur sasso] ang ‘uayyo s1oNUOY [eNISe WURASI asayp O1UT aINIUDA
PUI Jo s9]eIG oYp Jo saSeur oyp wy paaarjaq st ay "uoIsnyUOD
[2102 pue quaWUAIYs!}U UO SuLapiog AUpiony jerUoW ‘sawaN
-x9 JeUOHOWD YA pax AouNof v yodax sd Yyons poatains
aay oYm asoyL ‘aoeds o1u! yo pends s1yZnoy payarer asow
ayp arya ‘sormeydidg ayp o1ur uaesp AJar9]dwo ag 01 paaarfaq
pu © UY,

samo] yt ,\
oraz ypear Aayp uays pordrusip 4duits are pu sp1oo z9ajts aavy
p Jo suaids eq ayp Jo sasoys se Yons) s}]ays

S} J9]9AwI [eIIsE dYp ‘PpasdAas st/PI0d IDAIIS §,2

2oU op (sown pe
Jeorskyd ou ancy yup sButag "sdeus p10 s9ayis aya "amody]1 Ay 0192
(01 S903 1ueIEqUIOD e UDY AY "We TP[LaH] atp Jo pearsut aMody]1/A\
uodn paxo1jur st aSeurep equios [exse UJ "Apog Jeotsdyd sry yatas
Wao} [ese s,Suloq Surat v BuNoaUUOD ‘wyeay [ese ay Ysnowy?
soypians ey aUoWIETY UTy e — p1od s9ApIs szudUOddo s19yA3Nd.0
Sua sBurag [eNse OMI J]

Aaa Aypensn yaoq ‘1 JU0D aDaaIp UE dB

-euruterg
se saaias aouaSiyjaiuy pue "yaSuang se soaias uonendiuey
‘Aquarxag] SB Salas SH "UOJ JeNISe UT "saInqUY [eoIshyg
sty aoejdax saingumay e190g pur jeUayy s,98ew ap ‘suoNse ese

Sunn "wry yarn seaqUT Apoanp ue:
Jo ‘S19 9AM [ELISE IBYIO "1mMod}}1 /4\ Jo WuIOd v Buipuads Aq wana

SOUS se Yons sBuutag jense

U0 40} WO} Aes ASOYs e UT asaytUELH UeD 9} "WHEY OI snorAradutt

Aqjemuta pur ssojsseur ‘ssojwsoy st aouanuas s,a8ew ayy
"posaaseur sey

ay siamod satpo Aue Sursn way tai arestuNUTIOD pu

aouanyut
40 Aqueau spurt jo JonU0D aye2 Pjno> apy "({2ads 01 os) yoru are
-udoadde sassassod ay jt suondaoiad s1oyp 9214120 ued pur WAsMoY
Sumo sty avaU spulUT Joyo asuas ][Ns UL a} "sIDaYq ALOsUdS
JexprHeu o1 partum] aze suondasiad s,93eus ayp ‘Apog peotshyd sty jo
suvsizo Aosuas ays Noy A\ "Ydw QO¢ UeYp JIA spaads ae Areas
Jeatsdyd ysnonp 10 (equi, YIP] ay Jo saysear asaysry oy.)
somumeydidg ayp oir faavn ued ssousno!ssuod s,a3eu! Oy]

"woy yense
ue pajje> Ajuouruos ‘9ouassa jequaH Jo JUaUNPoquIa UL saU109
-aq ae ay, "Apog pue purw saresedas Ajarajdwo> saya,
‘Apog quads & ur eiqtuE, ay2 OUT ssed o7 YoRIsKt oy sMoTTE
YI Soayg shemapig Burddarg ayp ay!TUP "Apog siy Woy pur
sy aiezedas 01 ue9 29]9AeN [ese ANDY —JOPAUL) eeeee
"(a8eui peur3i40 oy uetp sassazons
40 a109s as ays YsNOYA]e) I9a/qns e UO pawsoyiod suone|Ndiu,
"Bt at Opun UeD adeuL ayRoUY "ajqisi9aai st ssa203d Jy L
"Asowous s,wI914 sty arejNdruew or st
aSeur ay 4994 ayp ‘pajfor sassazons aiow ayy ‘pur sasafqns aya
o1U! soSeun Surpaay Aq soHOWaU aU SuNVAID pur (Avare padi aq

JouULD sa OWUE fENIDe aYp YBnoyp) SuIdejANs Woy souo SuNs!xo
Burypoo]q ‘saowuw sadafqns aya aiejndruew Aew ay ‘spaasons

ay J] "UOIssassog YaIM sv asnf oa{qns sty aModaA0 pue apeaut
Ajjryssazons asnuy adew ay | "Uorssassog 02 Je[HWIs JoMod [euoUL
AAISBAUL JayLOUR st I9aHq SIY | — Alo aIE|NdUL] eoee

"suesul oud

aaey Aayp Jt Japuom o1 urBaq suN21a AuRYY "UALo sty 219M sINOY,
[e19Aas ased aya 49A0 spaap pue sryBnoUp sry IYI 9Aat]aq [1,24
‘sun ays J] "JO1UOD Yor pue 10} YBN} aBeU dy UdYA IUOWOUT
dup jo Arowiaut s,a9a{qns ay axa] 9p 02 Day Aowyy ae|NdruLPy,
yp azipin 02 299]9 Aww ays ‘JorUOD sey []Hs Be aU 914 A\

‘paurerurent ag [1a
Yur] atp pue asaymAue o8 ued aafqns ayp ‘paysi{qeaso st Jou0D
99UQ "pasisap se sussed-arysnoyp sty raspa1 or uF Busddars
‘Aypeunou aavyaq aoa{qns ayp 19] UaYo [ILA aYg "I9{qGns ay? 40)
SupyUNIp pur jonuOS SururErUFEW Jo sUO}a ay tpIM paumnsuod oe
sanqnovy |eIUAW UAMO s,93eUT ay ‘JoNUOD Jo poriad aya Bung
‘wry Suryjonuos st pue qwosoad

st afew atp aziyear jim ay ‘payjonuos Aqjemsed 4]uo st a9afqns ay

J] (2nOgo4 9q J]1M sAUSWEAOU ‘sasuodsa1 JOIOW a4p s[oIUOD AUC

a8eur ayp jt) o1U0D 1020 JO suOHOWa
ayp jo ued Ajuo JoUOD 02 199] AEM ae ayp ‘AJareWIAI]Y

p yons ‘saratoedea s,39a{qns

"umo
siy st ayBnoyp ysea ‘aandadsiad s,ada{qns aya wWo1y -poyjonu0s
Sutog st ay wey 298 Dy 01 snorarjgo st ada{qns ay "we UNO STY YI]
[#aa9alqns yp pue , wae yr, YUTYD 01 9a/qns ap ,sasned,, AJaI9U
ays 4p1] 02 we s9afgns ay puewTUoD 02 aAvy 10U Soop ae ay |,
ae ayp Jo asoyp Aq patunsgns aue pur pue swoned-aysnoyp

sapatgns ay2 rey2 joRUOD [e102 Yons YA |AYZnoy? pue Apog
dafqns ayp spuewUO> MoU ays ‘JorUOD sayeI ae yp J]


:

Forget all they have taught you — all things begin with Prime
From this Essence of creation distilled, all matter life, law and concepts
flow

Feel the ground; feel it stirring with the blood of the dragon whose
wings vault the sky and whose clawsflig the wenches of Hell. Feel your
heartbeat merge with the pulse of the land, then reach out with all Your
senses. Can you grasp that forsawhich there are not words? Do you
understand that no Artis whole@withotut dlink to the Essence from which
‘we all come?

If not, leave my grove; we have nothing to discuss. If so, stay
awhile, and chant with ime in time £0 the heart-sound of the dragon.

Specialties: Channeling, Perceptions, Filling Patterns,
Draining Patterns'

Prime is thegtudy of Quintessence, literally the Fifth Essence,
exalted abovesthe other four elements of Western Hermetic
magick. The Qult of Ecstasy refers to it as Mani, the Jewel of the
Lotus, one of the five Hindu Tattw: so known as Akasha, the
Black Egg from which All springs. Quintessence is also known as
Ether of Odyllic Foree, the underlying nature of the fabric of
reality) the First Essence or Prime.

Regardless of the naming and accounting, Prime is the raw
stuff of True Magick. It exists everywhere, and all things are
composed of it, though some sources are easier to work than
others. The most accessible forms of raw magick are the Quintes-
sence stored in a mage's A' or crystallized into Tass. More
dangerous to use, but no less possible, is the Quintessence Which
sustains the Life Patterns of each living being, symbolized asbléod
by the Verbena and stolen by vampires. The most difficult form of
all to use is the Quintessence which forms the Patterns of cheation,
though a Master of Prime may tap this source as well.

Prime is the transient bridge between the Pattern magicks
and the Sphere of Spirit. Mages of Prime can sully these sublime
Patterns and tie them down to the Patterns of the Base Elements
(Forces, Matter and Life), or help them achieve transcendence
and become the stuff of Spirit. Quintessence is the cutreney of
mages, and Masters of Prime are in high demand.

Such Masters can be noticed by the aura of pawer that
surrounds them; good and holy peBple shine with a lightofdivine
power, while dark mages (especially the Nephandi) have a pal-
pable aura of evil about them. More néiitral Masters! of Prime
merely possess an overpowering sparkle of magiekJand.a particu-
larly forceful presence.

Etheric Senses

A mage gains perceptions of basic Quintessential energy —
the Nodes where it collects or wells up, the leyslinesiarididragon
paths which traverse the globe betweentthem, the Tass in which
it crystallizes, and the Quintessential ebbs and flows which mark
the Junctures, the times of greatest magick. He may also notice
creatures and objects charged with magickal energy, though he
needs Mind to perceive their particular auras and Spirit to detect
their souls (assuming they have them).

212

Mage: The Ascension

Perceptions of Prime vary from mage to mage. Some see it as
a clear, pure light onyshining matrix of white energy. Others
perceive it as a datk and primal force, the Black Egg, and see a
matrix of black against gray. Others claim that it isa distinct color,
neither black nor white, a magickal color out of space, while some
mysticks hear itas the music ofthe Spheres or describe itasa tingle
of magick in the air ora current flowing around them.

By sensing the strongest currents of Odyllic Force, a mage
may align himself so that they flow into his own Pattern, charging
his Avatar. Without the first rank of Prime, the mage cannot store
free Quintessence within his own Patterh beyond the amount he
receives from his Avatar. Mages without Prime magicks cannot
gain Quintessence ratings above their Avatar Background Trait.

Weave Odyllic Force
Fuel Pattern

The mage attains some control over the shifting Patterns of
Prime force and Quintessential energy, She can diyert small
streams to flow differently through the cosmos or reweave them to
create Platonic ideals, items composed solely of Quintessence and
ckal sen:

Such items exist in the etheric, spiritual and astral planes
(the High and Middle Umbral Worlds) all at once. When the
mage conceives of an object, it takes on some degree of solidity. By
channeling Prime Force through his concept, the sorcerer can
tansform it into a physical form. Creating things out of "thin air,"
then, obviously demands Prime 2.

Channel Quintessence

At rare sites (Nodes) and on rare days (Junctures), Quintes-
sential Force focuses into Primal energy. The resulting flow is
called "free" Quintessence and assists mages working enchant-
ments) casting spells or creating Horizon Re:
Chantries or Talismans. At this rank, a mystick unders
todraw these "surplus" energies out of the Patterns in which they
aré stoted. The mage becomes a conduit of Quintessence, storing
it im her own being or channeling it into other Patterns, like her
Chanery's pocket Realm.

For lack of betteniferms, mages describe Quintessence as
cithertaw" or "freed The terms are for classification only; there's
no real differéfice between the two. Raw Quintessence makes up
Patterns, flows through living beings and coalesces in the tremen-
dous pool of Quintessence from which mages draw the energies for
Pattern magick. Free Quintessence is surplus Prime that can be
manipulated and transferred, Raw Quintessence energy grants
or formitojeverything, froma lightning bolt to a chipmunk. Free
Quintessence is thé extra power held by a mage as part of his
Quintessence Trait Ifthat Trait goes to zero, the mage still has the
raw Quintessence thatallows him to live and be human

visible to those with m:

ms, new items,
nds how


Sa[Nyy Yorseyy s1ys1q Jardeyo)

£12

soiSi9ua xopereg ,Wuopues, [uD IY Shem UL aDUASsIIUING) 294
Jpuueyp 09 syorisktu asayp smoyye YBnosypyLaINq sty | "s9240} aarisod
pur oanesou us9miog asoup ay] ‘2duassaqUINg) pue XOperEY UANI2q
SuONIaULOD PUNO} ALY O WITE]D OS[E AUILEY JO SIaISeYY WS
‘aouassoquingy semwayy Woy asseysas ApUEIsU! UED saUO pauayeAy
Inq ‘steqAy SuoNs noyr1M sus} a1] On SuIyoU su sty | "Wane
& YBnomp aouassaIUINy Jo MOY YP asvaigut Ose URD sIaIseYy,

ameagd ay UTypIA ayt] Jo Yseds au YsinsuNxa

29 afew ayp ‘Moy siya Surumuep Ag "way Ysnosyp Ajsnonupuos
sung ang ‘susaneg 419y2 Ul pasoas 10U s} IUASsAIUIND) AY] "HU
-uett anbrun v ut aouassaquINg) Yam IeIAIUT sBuIg SuLArT
suraneg afr] Yysnomp Suimoy
soy] — aduassaiUINg) ved Jo sMOY Payst}qeaso s9I]e UED saIseYy
yng ‘satoaya paoueape Ana out aayap aultag Jo siaiseyy

MOL A910

21 2a)] 01 Avan ,Asv9,, PUB ID9IIP B SI IDUASsaIUING) ave

saaiier v Sunoenxa ‘Buryp auues oy op ued auoye sya1seus waned
3]RYA\ ‘PIfos ureutaL 194 sseur staUp aso] 01 S19a{qGo asne> 10 (apo1I09

Swoneg Surureig ‘suaneg Sun
‘suondacua, te

'd ‘Burjouueys

anpeisadg

MOL IY 5
AB190ug oseg Jodxg

DuassarUINy) jauUEYD,

eee
unneg jong

9104 SHAD ava, oo

sesuag ouayg .

SUILIG

1 a]qvun pise ue ayeu ‘9durexs 10} ‘pjnom ssazoad siyp) sjeorways
JoYIO YIM spuog JesfonU UOJ Or ANPIGE syeoHUOY w aAoUAL
ue;

dYeu pjnos 191909108 Vy "JNeUI 10 AB19U9 YD Jo sansadoad 40 s19ad

‘a]0d auo Ayuo aaey 01 9UseU eased ‘Je {nsuy aUOD9q SpIfos
-se qUDIayIp ,SuLajossip,, Aqarayp ‘suing asaya Jo sued snoyeA
Ur pazoas aouassaqUINg) Jo TUNOUE ay Jay] 02 819aYJq FEUOTIUN [UD
asn ued s9210J 10 JaNeY INoqe ynoua Mouy oym sidapy
"ys1xa 0) saseao AdaUud
Jo JoneW IwYA "Wang SI! Ul adUAssaIUINg) INoYAT jy "ADUASsAIUIN
med Jo [ood o1uWsoo ay2 Oru! 1 BuIprAoaI ‘sung asyI WOY
aouassaiund) ay Jadxa ue sidapy "uryaIA pasors aouassarUINg)
sey AS19ua jo y2eds yea pue soneU ayeuUeUT jo preys yey
{ajear ur aoueasqns swaneg & Sunsaye ‘ABiUa pur sanew jo
suioneg ayp Jono 9ouassaruIng |jnd ues Aay_] "aduassarUINyy aver
jouueyp or wea] sung Jo sidapy ‘souassaquINg) aay Sunepndueut
pue Sunoarap o2 parwuty Aare] are auutag Jo saydiosiqy apy A\
ASi9uq osegjodxy ,..,
-Aypourtios snorsaid stu Jo Jo21UO> 10y AJaauay apIeq soLBUEYS)
pur ‘yzreg Uo sastxa Yorym aouassaquINg) aay ay O1 NUT] ANUYap e
9q 01 swaas a19Y J "9]221] ples aavy Adyp ‘10 MOLY AUNTY JO S>]2LIO)
ay J] ‘MWY Jo siaiseyy aU WaAa Puodag are WoNIeY 01 WAIIeY WO
MOY 02 BDUassaIUIN) 945 MOTTE YoIya sorusadoad persads oy |

yoreios wo savazd yousAur v SurysAue wt sureUIOT
a{qo ay ayeur or aduassaruings

aouassaiuingy snydins ou — 19
yBnoua uoydis Ayuo ued ays Ialqo ue saivaid ose v UdYm
‘hes 01 st WY] "AdUassaIUINg) IAIN Woy Burry 10 suANeg Mau
ue] sy Woy 9210 PUTTY BAIXO UA U9A2
suassaiuingy aay Jo ood,

Buneass uaya jood a

10 ‘om | Yuey aurtag Japun paquosap
atp ort paddea Ajjryssazons sey au0 ON "JatpoUR oI! UsANeg
paystiqeaso suo woy Moy AjUO ued aduassazUINg aay ‘jpeg


Mage: The Ascension

Prime Effects

oH

Quintessence — his life energy — through his own body. As

art's Blood — A Disciple of Prime can sense the flow of

vampires well know, each human has about 10 points of this upon
which they may feed. Each point corresponds to a Health Level
The last three go beyond Incapacitated; losing them will kill him

In desperate times, mages skilled in Prime can push them
taking the
additional Health Levels as points of Quintessence above and

selves beyond their limits and "give till it hurts,"

beyond what is stored in their Avatars. Such damage may only be

healed by time and bed rest, not magick (see "Better Body"), so
most mages will usually only risk the first "Bruised" Health Level.
Mages of the Chorus, however, have martyred themselves to
perform one last holy miracle, while Verbena with low Avatar
ratings often consider the sacrifice of heart's blood more holy than

the spiritual energy used by most mages.

© The Rush — Disciples of Prime can collect the free
Quintessence that flows through their Patterns. Normally Quin-
tessence only circulates within Life Patterns; it does not settle in
them as it does within inanimate matter and energy. A mage who
knows Prime Arts, however, can build up and store such energies
within himself. Each success rolled for this Effect allows him to
store one additional point of Quintessence. The mage may make
only one roll per source of Quintessence. Note that he cannot

channel that Quintessence until he reaches Prime 3; this Effect

only allows him to store the energy

The Rush." The

sudden influx of Quintessence gives the Cultist a mixed feeling of

The Cult of Ecstasy calls such channeling

nausea and exhilaration, which he rides for all it's worth.

© Sense Quintessence The mage can use this Effect to
sense free Quintessence stored in nearby Patterns. This Effect, like
other basic sensory Arts, requires only a Perception roll. Addi-
tional successes allow greater range and accuracy. This ability is
generally a good way to discover if any mages are nearby, as the
Awakened store free Quintessence within their Avatars.

Hermetic mages use engravings of the Seal of Solomon to
reveal the presence of Quintessence. Different points of the star
shaped seal illuminate to indicate the direction of Quintessence,
and the brightness with which the symbol glows reveals the
amount of Quintessence present

ee Enchant Weapon This Effect reweaves underlying
Quintessence to intensify existing forms, enchanting objects and
creatures. Weapons (including fists) treated this way do no more

damage than their mundane counterparts, but inflict aggravated

wounds against vampires, werewolves and other Awakened be-
ings. Such items can also strike spirits, which normal objects can't
do.

The Quintessential form often differs from the material one;
a dirty denim jacket may be as strong as a Kevlar vest to the spirit
world, while a broken dagger may still have a whole blade with
regards to magickal structure. Such structures are still physically
what they appear to be — the denim jacket would not stop bullets,
nor could the nonexistent blade cut butter — but spirits would
find them quite real — the jacket could soak spirit attacks while
the dagger could stab wraiths.
E

successes or more. This is not, however, vulgar magick. Nothing

chanting an item this way requires concentration and five

obvious changes.

© Rubbing of the Bones — Disciples of Prime do not yet
have the ability to cause a serious disruption of the flow of
Quintessence into a Pattern of Life, but they can tamper with it to
some extent, Euthanatos call this Effect the Rubbing of the
Bones, because the ripple feels like someone warping your bones.
This Effect causes the target's steady flow of Quintessence to
ripple and surge. This inflicts no lasting damage, but it hurts. Any
life form affected will be stunned and unable to function for the
duration of the fluctuation (the Storyteller may allow a character
tospend a Willpower point to take some limited action for a turn).
Its physical form will seem to fade in and out slightly, becoming
ghostly and immaterial one second and massively heavy the next.
Another mage caught in this Effect may spend a point of stored
Quintessence to smooth the flow and cancel the Effect com-
pletely.

* Bond of Blood — The Verbena know the power within
blood. Thus, blood forms an important focus for the Sphere of
Prime. To transfer free Quintessence between two different recep-
tacles, a Verbena must smear her palms in blood and touch both
objects. She may then act as a conduit, pulling Quintessence from
one object and channeling it into another (or into herself).

Each success on the magickal Effect roll allows the mage to
transfer up to five points of Quintessence from one Pattern and
channel it into another, including her own. Obviously, she cannot
take more Quintessence than the source object stores. The Ver-
bena may use this Effect to take Quintessence from another mage,
but may not reduce the target's Quintessence below its Avatar
rating

* Create Talisman — A mage must have Rank Three in
Prime to create items that store free Quintessence and use it to
power magickal Effects. Rules for creating Talism
in Chapter Nine.

ans are provided

* Flames of Purification — Mages of the Celestial
Chorus are not destructive by nature. Still, they have been known

to wield the power of Prime to cl

anse reality of abominations. By
fanning her focus over a chosen object, a Chorister can invoke this
Effect and cause the object to burst into mystickal flames. This fire
sheds no heat, yet quickly devours the target.

The mage actually extracts the raw Quintessence from the
object's Pattern. That object thus disappears from reality (i.e. it
takes aggravated damage and may be consumed if that damage
destroys it). The more successes she scores, the larger the target
may be. If she prefers, the mage can affect several similar Patterns
simultaneously, like ice cubes within a glass. Only inanimate
objects can be affected. A rank 5 variant destroys living beings.

© Recharge Gift — Through meditation, Akashic
mages can increase their inner Quintessence flow by "drinking'
from outside sources. The Brother filters this additional Prime
force through his own Avatar and recharges his personal store of
Quintessence. For each success rolled, the mage regains one point
of Quintessence, up to his Avatar Background's maximum limit.

* Quintessence Blast — Dreamspeakers have devised
this Effect to ward off the spirits of Paradox. The Master of Prime

charges his focus — often a crystal or clay vessel — with a point of
Quintessence. He then uses his magick to draw the Paradox spirit
into the crystal; the spirit's essence reacts with the Quintessence
stored in the crystal. This injures the spirit and temporarily dispels
its Power (see "Umbrood," Chapter Nine), while the crystal
explodes into dust.

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules

215


NO All

ll

Spirit

You're a fool if you think you're alone. The spirits surround you,
slumbering in your home, nestling in your clothes, kissing you through
that comb in your hair. The Dreamers are everywhere. You can't see
them? I can.

When you share the spirits' turf —and we all do, like it or not —
ithelps to speak their language. Just ‘cause you can't see them doesn't
mean they can'thurt you. Or help you, for that matter; it's good to have
friends in high places. Spirits've got their own agenda, and it doesn't
include you. The invisible masters can warp you, compel you, or save
your ass without you ever knowing they were there. Once you realize
that, you'll know how important my Art can be

You think I'm mad? Look in that comer there and listen as I play
my flute, Watch the shadows, buddy, and believe...
Specialties: Dimensional Science, Spirit Dealings, Umbral

Travel, Possessions

No other Sphere, perhaps, marks the line between mystick
and Technomancer so clearly. To the elder Traditions, spirits are
intelligent entities who predate humanity and inhabit a world
beyond mortals' narrow perceptions. The Technocracy, and to a
degree, the two newes

Traditions, regard these enigmas as an
alternate dimension (or a series of same), full of hostile aliens and
harvestable frontiers. These views shape the way both groups work
spirit magick. While the game systems do not distinguish shaman-
ism from spirit-tech, the foci, style

nd intents vary a lot

Metaphysically, the Sphere of Spirit lies between the con-
ceptual Spheres of Prime and Mind and the physical Patterns of
Forces, Life and Matter. Both ephemera (the matter of the spirit
world) and plasm (the "flesh" of the dead) are Patterns somewhere
between metaphys nd physical. The theories, models and
concepts different groups use to understand the Spirit Sphere
encompass skills for traveling through the Otherworlds, dealing
with the entities found therein and surviving alien environments
like the Deep Umbra or the Dream Realms. Some mages learn how
to travel in the Umbral Realms in their dreams. Others step
physically through the Gauntlet, the barrier between worlds, and
explore in that manner, while others have discovered methods to'
reach the furthest Epiphamies through astral Mind projection.
Some shamans prefer to stay home, summoning spirits, binding
themand learning of the spirit world second-hand from the spirits
themselves.

Masters of Spirit often talk to the air, and.aiffior poltergeist
activity manifests around them. Most tendgto look into space,
tough @bject$mo one else can see and address thetr spirit compan-
ions, Spiritetech experts resemble either mad scientists,
tightlyzconttolled parapsychologists or crugading defenders of the
human world,

(See Chapters One and Nine for spirit tealms and their
inhabitants, aswell as rules for running games setimOtherworldss
The Appendix contains sample spirits.)

Mage: The Ascension

Spirit Sight
Spirit Sense

The Spirit initiate gains the ability to sense the Near Umbra
around her. She can see auras, ghosts and spirits, esp:

own Avatar is most attuned to through Resonance. Some mages are
better at seeing wraiths and the Dead, others at seeing the spirits of
Nature. All spirit-mages can sense these, especially in areas where
the Gauntlet is thin, but each person seems to have an easier time
dealing with creatures on the same spiritual wav

length.

The Disciple of Spirit can also "read" the strength of the local
Gauntlet, testing it for weaknesses, and discern an item that has
spirit essence, like a Garou fetish or an awakened object or
location (see below).

Touch Spirit
Manipulate Gauntlet

The mage now gains the ability to briefly touch spirits and
objects he can see on the other side of the Gauntlet — the
Penumbra. He can pickup a fetish stick dropped by a Garou, push
aspirit out of a room of evémhit one over the head with an object
from the spirit world, and the spirit. may do nothing to stop this,
unless it possesses Some Gift which all6ws)it.to manifest.onithe
other side of the Gauntlet. Although this limited expertise allows
only brief contdet (@ turn oftwo), it can be enough.

At this level, the mage ean als6/€xtend_hisyspirit touch and
make his voice heard through the Gauntlet. Hemayuse this ability
tocall anyspirit known tohim, or even put outa general cattle call
to any spirits nearby/Every Tradition has methods and rituals to
accomplish this, but they are all, in es:
classi¢ séance. A$ with the tendance is
optional, but mést spirits will show up, if only out of curiosity or
annoyance.

ence, just variants on the
ance, at this level,

To make things more hospitable for the spirits, the mage may
lige his po@eeto thin the Gauntlet, making it easier for splits to
Cross overinto the physical worldandmanifest,assuming thatthey
have the Charms to do so. Each success on a magickal Effect roll
lowets the Gauntlet difficulty by -1 for one turn; three successes
wotild lower it by -3 for three turns. Naturally, this toll must first
stieceed against the original Gauntlet rating. This only works so
Welly however — the Gauntlet cannot be brought lowep than
difficulty 4. The shaman can also strengthen the barrier, making
itharder for spirits to enter the physical world —auseful Effect for
mages who've called up something they shouldn'thave. (See page
170 for the Gauntlet Chart.)

With work, he can also extend his perceptions to Plumb the
Deep Umbra and detect the fringes of eternity.

Pierce Gauntlet
Rouse & Lull Spirit

A mage may now make a hole in the Gauntlet, allowing
himself to enter the Umbra, a feat called "stepping sideways" by the
Garou. The mage's body and possessions are translated into ephem-
era, the stuff of spirit, but will possess a certain glow which the more


aware denizens of the spirit realm will recognize as belonging to a
living being. At this level, any action he takes against an Umbrood
creature, physical or otherwise, will be felt. Once in the Penumbra,
amage can go anywhere she likes, up to the borders which mark the
Horizon between the Near and Deep Umbrae.

Po

ssions, however, are more difficult to translate without

additional successes. Entering skyclad (nude) requires only the
usual successes at the usual difficulty. Normal clothing and items
add +1 to both difficulty and successes needed. Bulky gear —
backpacks, rifles, large drums — demand a +2 increase. The mage
cannot bring through anything he could not normally carry

With conjunctional Matter 3 and Prime 2 Arts, the mystick
may create short-lived items out of ephemera. These creations
knives, tents, boats, etc. — must be built as if they were material
items, and fade away when the Effect's duration ends. Until them,

such items are as strong as any "real" object would be.

The mage also gains the power to rouse spirits. According to
many philosophies, most spirits are asleep. Rousing is like calling,
simply louder, and will rouse not only those spirits who have been
quiescent for a long while, but those who have never awakened
before. (Note that this has no relation to magickal Awakening.)
Depending on the mage's diplomatic skills, the spirit may be
anywhere from curious to furious.

The mage may also use this same magick to lull an awakened
spirit, such as one residing in a fetish, though the more powerful
the spirit, the more difficult it is to put back to sleep. A talen (one-
use fetish) would require three successes, while a powerful
Bane-dagger would demand at least eight. Such slumber lasts for
the spell's duration.

Rend Gauntlet
Seal Breach
Bind Spirit

The mage may now rip the fabric of the Gauntlet asunder and
he — and anyone else who wants to, mortal or spirit — can travel
through without difficulty. This is, of course, highly vulgar; most
polite (and sensible) mages will seal the breach after they and their
friends pass into the Umbra. The mystick can also repair breaches

which others have made in the Gauntlet, and reinforce the
barrier's fabric to make it that much harder to tear.

eee

The mage may now compel spirits to appear and bind them
into obedience. The Umbrood may also be forced into objects to
create fetishes, which use their powers at the behest of the mage
who trapped them. Such trinkets often have a single use only,
based upon the nature of the spirit that was bound. The more
powerful the spirit, the more successes it takes to bind them. Few
will stand still for this....

This sort of magick is of course considered very antisocial in
the spirit world (if not outright black magick). Mages who do this
too often tend to get a reputation.

A brave (or foolish) shaman may also channel a spirit's
powers through herself. This shuts out any other magick she might
do while the Umbrood possesses her, though she can access its
Charms, speak with its voice and perform feats of incredible
physical prowess. Regaining control is sometimes a problem,
though— many spirits enjoy riding mortal hobby-horses and must
be forced out through contested Willpower rolls (difficulty 7-10)
or the reverse of this same power — exorcism.

Spirit
. Spirit Sight
Spirit Sense
Touch Spirit
Manipulate Gauntlet
Pierce Gauntlet
Rouse & Lull Spirit
Rend Gauntlet
Seal Breach
Bind Spirit
Forge Ephemera
Outward Journeys
Specialties:Dimension,
Umbral Travel, Posses:

al Science, Spirit Dealings,
‘sions

Forge Ephemera
Outward Journeys

A Master of Spirit gains a divine power, for he may now take
ephemera, the substance of Spirit, reweave it in whatever fashion
he desires, repair it or rip it asunder.

The mage may now heal spirits' Power (as per the Damage
chart), help create Horizon Realms or Umbral Domains or even
attack a victim's Avatar through the dreaded Gilgul rite. This always
vulgar magick is considered the last resort when dealing with an
enemy mage; it not only robs a mystick's power, it destroys his soul.
Such magick is exceedingly difficult, and its rites are highly guarded.

(Lest it be abused, let players know that anyone who overuses
this power may well end up its victim. Gilgul, even in the worst
possible cases, is never taken lightly.)

The Master may also use his power to break free from the
Horizon and explore the Far Realms. No longer must he rely on the
tenuous connections within Domains to travel to the Outer
Realms. The mage is able to traverse the Deep Umbra, surviving
the ravages of Etherspace for short periods, while he speeds
through it towards his chosen destination. Masters of Spirit are
said to spend years at a time on their outward journeys, charting
the Tellurian and studying the denizens of other Realms.

Spirit Effects

© Spirit Sight — The mage can shift his sight into the spirit
world. He becomes oblivious to the physical world around him and
sees only the spirit world while scrying. The number of success
he needs, and the Effect's difficulty, depend upon the strength of
the local Gauntlet. This barrier's thickness depends on an area's
static influence; the more populated (or technological) the place,
the harder it will be to pierce the Gauntlet.

es

* Detect Possession — Through various rites and rituals, a
mage may detect whether someone or something is possessed, and
if so, by what. While the mental and emotional impulses ofa spirit
must be read with the Sphere of Mind, a mage may still make an
educated guess with an Awareness roll. Possessed objects include
such things as Garou fetishes, as well as the victims of demons,
Banes and other malevolent spirits.

© Call Spirit — While in the Umbra, the mage can call any
spirit she knows by name in the hope that it will hear and come to
her. Powerful spirits such as Lords and Preceptors rarely respond,
but may send lesser spirits to the mage as messengers. The Story-

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 217

teller must decide the number of successes required to attract the
spirit's attention, depending on the power of the spirit and its
previous relations with the mage. There are no guarantees of the
spirit's behavior once it arrives.

IZ

A mage in physical reality can call to spirits if the mage first
shifts his perceptions into the Umbra through Spirit Sight. Spirits
that respond may manifest into the physical world if they are able

© © The Spirit Kiss — Cultists of Ecstasy use their ability to
touch spirits to physically embrace beings on the other side of the
Gauntlet. Apart from the more obvious pleasures of such contact,
the Cultist can accept Power from, or lend Quintessence to, his
partner if he also uses Prime 2. For game purposes, consider Power
and Quintessence one and the same. (Corpus may be substituted
if the partner is a wraith.)

Aspirit's nature affects the Quintessence she gives, however;
this can be both good and bad. For example, a nymph's Power
would be particularly useful for love spells (it has the appropriate
Resonance), but a mage who accepted this power into his Avatar
would find himself increasingly horny (not often a problem for a
Cultist of Ecstasy). Also, like Tass, Power is not useful for workings
which run against its Reso

nce.
Other Traditions have variant rituals for this Effect, which,
while less intimate, are no less useful.
# © Awaken the Inanimate — By talking and crooning ov
aphysical object,a Dreamspeaker or Akashic Brother may Awaken
its spirit and rouse it into awareness.

Objects, once their spirits are awake and aware, can be particu-
larly useful. Their personalities tend to be very protective of those
who have treated them well and ill-disposed toward those who have
treated them badly. The object could not really do much on its own,
but might cause small "coincidences" that work for (or against) the
mage. For example, ifan Euthanatos were to rouse the spirit of his gun,
it might refuse to fire foran enemy. Likewise, an aware Chantryhouse
might take a very dim view of burglars, especially if they broke in —
doors might slam, lights could go out (oron), and the alarm system the
burglars disabled would work anywat

Rousing an object typically requires plenty of ritual successes
4 gun, 20 or more for a house. This is slow, but often
coincidental unless the mage wants an especially vulgar manifesta-
tion. The olderand more psychically-charged the objects, the more
powerful its spirit and the harder will be to rouse. The newer and less
important the item, the less powerful and less intelligent its spirit
and the easier it is to rouse. A new knife from the knife shop, never
used, would have less personality and intelligence than acockroach,
but could be made aware fora minimal amountof magick. Over years
or decades, the object would start to absorb some of its owner's
personality. The knife an old shaman forged in boyhood would have
a strong and active spirit (though it might not be a fetish per se).

— five or so for

An object with an awakened spirit exists in multiple worlds
atonce. Anawakened knife can be used by a person in the physical
world to injure spirits in the Near Umbra or to cut the silver cords
or bodies of astral travelers.

.

Stepping Sideways — Spirit mages can force their way
through the Gauntlet and enter the Near Umbra. Once there, a
mage can walk, run, talk, use magick, etc.,as ifshe were in physical
reality with a few differences (see "The Otherworlds," Chapter
Nine). When the mystick repeats the Stepping Sideways Effect to
re-enter physical reality, she appears in the location correspond-
ing to her final position in the spirit world.

218 Mage: The Ascension

Walking through the Gauntlet often requires time; theamount
of successes (and the roll's difficulty) this requires can be found on
the Gauntlet chart. Ifthe mage botches his roll, he becomes stuck,
transfixed between the spirit and the physical worlds, unable to
move. Not even Correspondence magick can help him. Someone
who knows Spirit magick (ora spirit entity) must successfully Step
Sideways or Breach the Gauntlet to free the unfortunate mage.
Free the Mad Howlers — With a wild fren
the shaman summons angry spirits to attack the living. The third
rank variation of this terrifying spell calls Umbrood who can
Materialize on their own (with the Charm of that name), while
the fourth level actually seals the mad howlers inside the victim,
as if he were a fetish, for the duration of the Effect. Either option
inflicts aggravated damage (which the target may soak) and causes
great terrorand pain. Victims whose bodies become living fetishes
may be stunned (see the Forces Effect Discharge Static) by the

agony of this vicious attack.

Breach the Gauntlet — This Effect allows the mage to
rupture the local Gauntlet completely, creating a window in the
fabric of reality between the spirit and the physical worlds. This
allows anyone, including Sleepers, free passage into or out of the
Umbra. The is a good Effect to have when a cabal must enter the
spirit world together.

A mystick has no control over what passes through the
breach once it opens, though she may close it at any time. Some
spirit entities flock to breaches and aren't inclined to beg the
mage's permission to use the opened portal.

Each success rolled for this Effect lowers the difficulty of

stepping sideways by -1. Large breaches (room-sized or larger)
lower that number by -1 for every «wo successes. If the mage
reduces the Gauntlet difficulty to 0, she breaches the barrier.
* Psychic Sterilization — The Sons of Ether prefer
tightly controlled environments when conducting their experi-
ments. To block out potential spiritual interference, they often
reinforce the Gauntlet within their laboratories. Each success
rolled for this Effect raises the number of successes needed to
pierce the local Gauntlet by one.

The Order of Hermes, Void Engineers and New World Order
all use similar Effects to trap Materialized spirits in the physical
world. Ifthe mage can strengthen the Gauntlet enough, the spirit
will be unable to return home. This Effect does not trap the spirit
itself, but seals the Gauntlet against passage.
© Gauntlet Prison — Mages have better methods of
trapping spirits than simply locking them in the physical world. By

"pulsing" the Gauntler's strength while a being passes through, a
mystick can trap that being inside the barrier, as if it had botched
its roll to step sideways. Daring mages try to bind powerful spirits
this way, then extort services from them. Ancient tales recount

that certain Chantries used to ensnare Preceptor-level spirits in
these Gauntlet prisons.

To trap a spirit traveler successfully, the mage must score
more successes while using this Effect than the victim rolled while

stepping sideways.

Victims imprisoned in the Gauntlet appear as ghostlike
specters when viewed from physical reality or from the spirit
world. Once a victim is trapped, the mage often reinforces the
Gauntlet in the area with Psychic Sterilization to prevent anyone
from successfully freeing the captive. Treacherous mages have also
been known to breach a Gauntlet, invite others to walk through
and collapse it into a prison when they do.

* Create Fetish — The Spirit Adept can fashion items
that serve as receptacles for the essences of spirits. Most fetishes
are created with the spirits' cooperation, but some sorcerers use
their Arts to imprison spirits into fetishes. Such objects can be
tricky to use, but gain power from the spirit's anger. (See Chapter
Nine for fetish creation rules.)

Living Bridge — By entering a pact with an Umbrood
entity, a mystick may channel that spirit's powers for the duration

of the Effect. Any Charm that spirit possesses, and one or two

related abilities (water-breathing for a nixie, plant-blooming for
dryads, etc.), are the shaman's to command, Paradox-free, until the
spirit leaves. The mage cannot use True Magick during that time,
and will often drop into a long sleep afterward. While the spirit
inhabits her, however, the mage knows things no human could
understand (an effective Cosmology of 4) and can perforn

man feats (three additional dots to her Physical Attributes).

inhu-

This is not without cost; even minor spirits will demand
sacrifices, favors or tasks in return for a few moments of power.
Most spirits also "mark" those they possess; anyone with Spirit
Sight (and most werewolves) can see the signs of a spirit-rider.
This isn't too bad in the case of minor nature spirits, but Banes,
demons and finicky Preceptors often claim a host as their own and
taint his aura, if not his mortal flesh.

© Exorcism

A magickal exorcism involves pushing a
spirit out of a mortal host. This host need not be human
can also be possessed. Contested Willpower rolls

objects
hour or even day — decide who stays and who goes. A minor spirit
can be banished with 10, a Minion-level one with 15, a Preceptor
or major Bane with 20 or more and a Lord with over 30.

Prime 3 can aid this fight; for every success a Prime roll score:

add one to the exorcism total. Celestial Choristers often work in

concert to drive out demor

ic influence, while Dreamspeakers
often go against a possessor alone, using tricks (Manipulation +
Expression or Intimidation) to frighten the spirit into surrender

eee Break the Dreamshell — The Dreamshell is the
Dreamspeaker term for the Horizon. To enter the Deep Umbra, a
mystick must break through this Dr
break through the Gauntlet when stepping sideways.

mshell, just as she must

Ten successes or more are required to pierce the Earth
Mother's Dreamshell. Other Realms might have weaker or stron,

ger Horizons. If the r

age uses an Anchorhead (a special Domain
set amid the Dreamshell), the passage becomes easier and requires
only five successes.

906 Deep Umbra Travel — Surviving the utterly barren
spiritual environment of the Deep Umbra requires a membrane of

spirit magick. This spiritual essence creates a sort of bubble around

the mage, protecting him from the ravages of the Deep Umbra.
The traveler must reach and enter another Near Umbra before the
duration rolled for the field elapses, or he will die a cold death in
the void.

The mage can fly through the Umbra at amazing speeds using
only his will. Still, the distances in the Deep Umbra are almost
inconceivable. Close Realms, such as the moon, take but a day to
reach, while distant Realms like Mars can only be reached after
several days of travel

Travel into the Deep Umbra is a highly dangerous affair, but
many "Etherjammers" feel a manifest destiny to explore and chart
it. Their sojourns into the Deep Umbra recall the journeys of the
ancient Pacific Islanders who sailed off to find a new island before
they ran out of food. Sometimes a traveler turns back halfway in
order to return safely; sometimes he risks ev
the point of no return.

rything and crosses

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules 219


7

PLES

NG Ail

Time

Deja vu makes perfect sense once yourealize that time ain' tlinear..
Folks just stumble through some rift in time and don't even realize
they're there when they do it. Then they go back through and remember
something strange, but they just ean'e finger it because it don't fit their
world view. Sucks to be them

The first thing you'll realize when we shack up — and we doytrist
me —is that the bullshit you learn in high school don' t cut irwith the real
world. I don't mean the world you see, !mean the world youdon't see,
but which sees you just the same. This timeisall times, andall times run
in parallel streams, and when you figure out that you can jump from
stream to stream while standing still, you know that deja vwisn't a glitch
— it's our natural state

Confused? Yeah, magick's that way sometimes. But if it were
easy, it wouldn't be any fun, would it?

Specialties: Perceptions, Conjuctional Uses, Travel, Tem-
poral Control

The Sphere of Time has long mystified and frustrated phi-
losophers. Just as humanity had finally begun to accept time:as
another defined parameter in the organized paradigm of Newtonian
physics, Einstein came along and theorized that time was not
constant but instead relative to each observer. Since then it has
er more popular to ponder the possibilities of time travel
and theory. Does time pass in quantum segments, likeaveryhigh=
speed film? Is humanity's perception of time as a one-way linear
phenomenon (a train moving from past to future) correct? Time
is perhaps the hardest Art to comprehend; perhaps that's why the
Cult of Bestasy excels at it

Mysticks who pursue such Arts argue theory more than any
mages —espétially the theories regarding timerayel. Some
believe that it is possibléysome.that it is impossible, and.somey
claim to have discovered it, then are never heard from again (or
even remembered, so the stories say).

Some mages have documented rips in the fabric of time
which have led to the past, but very few who've dared to step
through them ever return, and.while there are sites — including
a few Chantries — whiéh are known to have a history of holes in
time, these seldom appear in a predictable pattern, andhaveeither
frustrated researchers who went there tostudy the phenomenon or
made them disappear.

Some claim that ofilythe present is fixed, that the past.and:
future ate both probability continuums, and that all time travel is
merely trayel into the Umbra. This might explain some purported
time travelers, including at least one cyborg from the far future, a
Victorian seientist, a self-professed alien anda group of Edwardian
schoolchildren with anaficient Atlantean amulet.

The Council's explanations for these visitors range from the
sublime to thé ridiculous — everything from dismissing them as
Marauders to the theory that they'te characters from literature
who've wandered out of some Dream Realm. No one ean ever be
certain; they never stay long enough fora proper investigarion.

become e

othe

220

Mage: The Ascension

The one.clearly documented form of time travel (clearly
documented among mages, thatiis) is the ability of some Masters
‘of Time to skip forward into the futures While travel into the past
is theoretically possible, everyone who has attempted it has
disappeared, recanted or been utterly discredited within a week of
their sticcess," causing yet more theoriés — most even more
outlandish than'the, rumors about purported time travelers.

Time isoften mostuseful when combined with other Spheres;
by hooking advanced Time magicks into other Effects, a mystick
can prolong or trigger certainispells. Most Time Effects are highly
vulgar; only time perceptions and triggers can remain unnoticed
for long.

Time perceptions enable a mystick to search the future or past
for some hidden secret. When serying forward or backward in time
this way, the number of sti¢cesses scored on the magickal Effect roll
determines how far info the past or future the Time mage can
perceive. Durations for other Time Effects are determined nor-
mally. (Page 470 has a chart for Time-based effects.)

Sinall time dilations or accelerations follow Masters of this
Sphere. Male mages often grow full beards in one day, cups of
coffee cool off quickly, taxi meters clickslower than normal, and
a constant feeling of deja vu spreadsito everyone in the vicinity.
Masters also tend to see pastitheir companions and speak using
only one verb tense — past, present or future — leading many to
‘speculate that some have actually traveled successfully and now
live displaced oréven backwards in time.

° Time Sense

The! mage begins to develop a rudimentary awareness of
‘Difhe's true nature, and gains the precise internal clock essential
to performing more complex Time magick. She also detects
certain time-based phenomena that periodically shift through
reality. She an intuitively sense the approach of such distur-
bances and "feel" where in dimensional space the phenomena will
appear.

Most such effects are small ripples which either speed or slow
time'lative|to the space outside. A few are referred to as "skips,"
small rifts\which lead forward in time, but some may actually be
"loops," rifts into the past. It's generally considered unwise to
siftply step through cither one, and by the time the mage has taken
the time to peer forward in time to see when the rift leads, time has
passed and the rift has sealed.

These rifts seem fairly rare today, though they appear to go in
historical cyéles, like comets. The late Victorian age, for example,
seemed tohaye had an unusual number of time-based phenomena,
as dithseveral other ages, while other eras, like the 1930s, had
almost ndne. It's said that stasis causes such skips — the more
static the times, the more often those times move themselves.

Ac this level, mages may also detect temporal phenomena
weaker than actual rifts. The spots where a Master ste
Time, or sendssomething forward, display a distinct irregularity in
the flow of the continuum, while places which have been used to
scry the future — or will be used for scrying the past — display a

s forward in

twist in the ribbon of time.


AEE I AC ORE AEE REESE

"Past Sight
Future Sight

"The mage can now shift her perceptions forward or backward
in time. Postcognition tends to require more successes to perform,
but its results are certain (or at least considered so by most).
Precognition is less difficult to enact, but the futures foreseen —
especially far futures — tend to be inaccurate.

Most mages believe the future is constantly changing. Any.
time a mage looks forward, he simply foresees the most probable
future. This creates a self-fulfilling prophecy — or defeats the
vision's purpose. Through the act of foreseeing the future, the
future may be changed. If a mage predicts the manner of his own
death, he can then avoid that circumstance. This very phenom-
enon makes the future unknowable (Fate Masters have their own
thoughts on the subject).

Mages commonly use this magick with conjunctional Effects.
Entropy 1 allows a mage with future sight to view multiple
probabilities or possible futures. She may add Entropy 2 as a
conjunctional Effect to choose one. The most probable futures are
the easiest to pick, and the least likely the most difficult.

Most mages also mix Correspondence 2 with this rank of
Time, because by itself, this rank only allows a mage to look
forward or backwards into the past of her current location. With
Correspondence 2, she may scry out any time and any place in the
world.

Looking into time can be quite dangerous. Just as there are
guardians for certain parts of space and the spirit world, soare there
guardians for certain segments of time and certain bits of knowl-
edge. Seeking the secret incantations of the Priests of Mu can be
risky; such rites were no doubt guarded by potent spirit entities.
Those guardians are still there, waiting for anything that strays too
close — including Peeping Toms from the future. Thus, peering
into the past is not a magick for the idly curious.

Some mages reverse this magick and thicken the walls of time
around some particular instant, making an action that much more
difficult to discern from the future (or foresee from the past) and
theoretically preventing time travelers from interfering as well.

‘ach success a mage gets on this sort of magick subtracts from a
future (or past) success of some other mage to spy on the mage's
present doings. Some sorcerers cloak themselves in a wall of
thickened time, preventing other mages from locating their future
whereabouts.

Mages who frequently extend their perceptions through time
tend to experience spontaneous flashes of pre-or-postcognition.
These flashes range from feelings of deja vu to vivid, dreamlike
trances foretelling danger.

Time

be Time Sense

ae Past Sight
Future Sight

eee

Time Contraction
Time Dilation
Time Determinism
Future Travel
Time Immunity
Specialties: Perce
Travel, Temporal

Ptions, Conjunctional Uses,
Control

Time Contraction
Time Dilation

The mage can now exert her will over the passage of time,
ausing it to accelerate or slow as she desires. Mysticks often
describe these Effects as "contracting" or "dilating" time, referring
to the length of each moment in time. Thus, contracting time
around a waterfall makes it appear to flow more slowly to an
outside observer; near the waterfall, each moment does not last as
long and less water flows. Conversely, by dilating each moment
around the waterfall, more water flows during each segment of
time. While the observer perceives these moments to pass nor-
mally, he will see more water flow during each moment. Working
this magick conjunctionally with Correspondence 3, a mage can
allow a moving object to go at any speed without gaining addi-

tional momentum.

Likewise, by dilating Time dramatically enough, a mage can
effectively travel forward in Time. A mystick who shuts herself in
a hidden room of a castle, for example, then works a spell so that
only one day passes inside the room while 100 years pass outside,
has effectively traveled forward in time. There are risks (war, fire,
demolition) during the intervening years, but most mages will
have already divined the future of the sanctity of the hiding place,
so that should not be much of a problem. This is, however, a one-
way street, and no one can prove the wisdom of following it....

"** Time Determinism

The mage is now able to cause absolute shifts in time, rather
than simply adjusting the rate at which time passes. He can take
a field of time and freeze it; a falling arrow may be stopped mid-
flight or a man placed in a state of suspended animation.

This is a powerful Effect when used in conjunction with other
magicks, as the mage can choose the moment in time which
"triggers" the magickal time bomb. Some long-dead Masters of
Time have left the world a legacy of magickal Effects that occur
even after the mage's death. Such "hanging" Effects are the type
of time-based phenomenon that mages with Time Sense can
intuitively detect.

When mixed with Entropy, such spells gain a contingency
effect. For example, a suspended animation spell could have a
Sleeping Beauty clause, ending it at the kiss of a prince instead of
ata set instant in time. Other magickal Effects can also be worked
into the temporal program as subroutines, to use the Virtual Adept
term, so long as that Effect, and its trigger, are set in advance. The
more unlikely the trigger Effect is, however, the more difficult it
is to incorporate.

221

Chapter Eight: Magick Rules


NOP All|

WN

By setting certain things in place — "This wall will curn to
fire when someone leans on it (Matter 3/ Forces 3/ Prime 2/ Time
4)" — entire artificial systems of magick ("Words of Power" and so
forth) can be created with "clap on/clap off" functions, making
reliable static magick that anyone with the appropriate keys can

stolen by enemies,

access. To keep such stored magick from beir
many Time Adepts have used Matter and/or Life to tie these to
heirlooms and/or bloodlines, leaving their descendants a legacy of
magickal abilities. Eventually, of course, the magick is used up or
the heirlooms are lost, so nothing lasts forever. Such "contingent"

Effects can be detected with the first rank of Time or
though it takes Time 2 to truly fathom the Effect's nature.

Future Travel
Time Immunity

At Master-level knowledge, the mage can do more than
determine the timing of events; he can shift objects through time.
The mage actually plucks something out of the flow of time and
repositions it at some other point along the time stream. The new
position could be seconds or centuries away from the field's
original place in time.

Masters say such Effects are "anchored," or firmly linked to

their point of origin. A ripple exists in the time stream at the point
of their disappearance until their reappearance. This forms a
continuous thread which the Master can pull at any time she sees

amage whosent her house forward into the future

fit. For example
to keep it from being destroyed by a war succeeded in pushing it
forward 50 years. Five years after the original magick, the war ends,
so she grasps the ribbon and pulls the building back out of the time
stream prematurely. She may also do the same with herself,
moving forward through the not possible but actual future, until
she findsa point in the time stream when she decides to disembark

Theoretically, this anchored Effect could be used to travel
into the past as well; it's assumed that the Oracles of Time use this
method (if they travel in Time at all), as would any Masters who

ed the me:

have discove ns.
Even anchored future travel is not without its risks; such Arts

an

are obviously vulgar, and any Disciple of Time can recogr
anchored time Effect and gauge the time when it will come due,
while a Master can reach into the time stream and pull outanother

traveler.

n also immunize themselves from time. Figura-
peaking, the Master simply steps laterally out of the current

munity only so long, but

temporal flow. He can maintain his
during his "time" outside of Time, he perceives the world as a

statuesque collection of still images that he may manipulate as he
Effect with Life or Matter, he may take

pleases. Asa conjunctiona
other creatures and objects "out of time" as well, and may even
abandon them in the frozen moment. It seems such a state cannot
last forever, and subjectively the creatures appear only moments
, having passed hundreds

later, but some reappear dead of old
of years in a timeless hell

222 Mage: The Ascension

ul I

iy
Y
g
g
Y
|

ny


Time Effects

© Time Sense — As described above, mages of Time have
identified phenomena that exist in a special "sub-realm" of space.
time. These time-phased phenomena cannot be seen by Sleepers;

only mages who have studied the Sphere of Time can perceive
these phenomena. If the mage is close to where a given phenom-
enon will appear (or has appeared?), she can discern temporal
ripples and sense where in space the phenomenon will cross (has
crossed?) into her own timeline. She can then seek it out if she
desires. Some phenomena are so powerful that their foreshadow-
ing ripples can be felt by mages across the globe.

Mages have identified hundreds of these time-based phe-
nomena, from powerful Preceptors who appear every 12 years in
the Andes Mountains, to the spectral Tower of Babel whose cycle
has yet to be determined, to ghosts that wander down certain roads
every night looking for the drivers who didn't give them a ride
when they lived,

* Internal Clock — Virtual Adepts cultivate amazingly
accurate internal clocks in order to time events in VR and test the
processing speeds of their computers. This Effect turns a mage into
a human stopwatch; he always knows the current time and can
cloc!

events within fractions of a second. This internal clock runs
according to the mage's perception of time. He can adjust it for
temporal

ffects that he causes; visiting Realms where time
operates differently, or getting on the bad side of others' time-
based Effects, however, can disorient the mage.

© © Postcognition — The mage can extend her perceptions
backward in time to witness what once occurred in her current
location. While the mystick "rewinds" time in the location, she
sees in her mind's eye what transpired there. The Storyteller must

relate to the player what the character sees.

The mage can shift the exact moment she currently watches;
she might begin by viewing the events of one day ago, then shift
to one hour ago, then 10 years ago, etc. Her total viewing time

cannot exceed the duration rolled for the Effect.

Songs of Future Days — This precognitive Effect was
developed by the Celestial Chorus. The mage begins singing to
focus the magick and lets his mind wander down the pathways of
future time. The words of his song begin to take on a will of their
own, describing in epic format the events that may come to pass

in future days

Unlike postcognitive Effects, which concentrate on a loca-
tion, precognitive Effects such as this can center on almost
anything: a location, a person, an organization, etc. The farther
the mage delves into the future with precognitive magick, the
more disjointed, sketchy and unreliable the information gleaned.

Ultimately, the Storyteller must decide how accurate the
mystick's vision is, based on the successes rolled. One to three
would allow vague insights, while five or more would offera clearer
glimpse of the (possible) future.

*°° Accelerate Time — By dilating the moments of time,
the mage can create fields of space-time where things seem to
move faster, like a film played at high speed. Each success scored
over two speeds up time by a factor of one — three successes double
speed, four successes triple speed, and so on. Persons under the
effects of time acceleration receive an extra action each turn for
every factor of speed. Such fields cannot generally exceed two or
three

© Slow Time — The opposite of Accelerate Time, each
success above two slows time by a factor of one. For example, a
person operating under a time-dilation Effect evoked by a mage

who scored three successes would receive one action every second
turn.

ee Programmed Event — The mage stops time in a
localized field and sets a time when it shall resume. Say she lifts a
cup from the table and drops it. By freezing time around the cup for
ses the cup to hang in midair until the scene
. At that time, the cup will fall and break. This is obviously
vulgar. As with Accelerate Time, the field of stopped time cannot
exceed a few yards. Furthermore, when events in physical reality
are frozen for extended periods, Paradox forces usually erode the
magick and prematurely free the events from stopped time. Also,
ifsomeone were to grab the cup, static reality would reassert itself
and the magickal field would dissipate.

end

The mage disappears from present
reality and reappears in the same location at a future time of his
choosing. The farther he wishes to travel, the more successes are
required: one success means he jumps ahead to the next turn, while
four successes take him completely out of the story.

The mage's arrival in the future will be felt through Time
Sense by other mysticks of that time. The longer the time jump,
the greater the time-phased phenomenon he becomes to those
nsing his arrival. The mage may reappear to find several of his
peers waiting for him, investigating the time phenomenon he
caused by his time jump.

So faras is known, no mage has successfully traveled into the
past and returned. We can assume that Paradox destroys the mage
making such a trip, though perhaps the mage is simply lost and can
never return to his original timeline. Then again, there are
stent rumors that time travel is indeed possible, and that a
conspiracy across time suppresses the knowledge. Those
who have attempted past-travel_ have never been heard from
again.

eee Sidestep Time — In some senses, this Effect is the
opposite of Programmed Event. The mage no longer determines
time for other events; rather, she shifts herself completely out of
time. The world suddenly halts all around her. She can still move

and act among the frozen events around her, pushing or rearrang
ing objects and people. Certain limits remain; she can turn a
television to another channel, but the frozen image on the screen
will not change, nor will cars operate, nor will powered machinery
work. The mage can extend her temporal immunity to encompass
other objects and people, but this limits the length of her stay out-
of-time,

Each success scored allows the mage to remain
state fora longer duration. One success allo
time for one turn; five successes last a week or mou

Chapter Eight: Magick R

Wi

IN 2


Chapter Nine:

Selting Rules

When war turns whole populations into sleepwalkers, outlaws don' tjoin

forces with alarm clocks. Outlaws, like poets, rearrange the nightmare

Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker

arled and dying trees in the apple
orchard, two bodies moved toward each other with

grace and speed that defied their exhaustion and drained
q spirits. One mage, dark and tall, moved in rage, while
the other, pale and small, trembled in fear at this, their
final battle

"There's no escape , Clarissa. This grove is grown

from my own soul, a concept I know is beyond your
understanding," Peter taunted. "Always with you it
was the material. Never the spiritual. Never anything you couldn't see
and touch. For all that you may have surpassed me, it ends here

Tonight." With a motion of his hands, the black branches of the apple
trees bentand took her in a twisted embrace, wrapping around her limbs

snapping bones as she struggled to break free, fighting with all her will
to redirect the trees of the grove to her own bidding. For a few moments,
sunlight flickered among the trees and blooms appeared where none had
sprung forth for many days. Peter's eyes widened in fury. Just as quickly
as they had come, the light and blossoms faded to nothing. He walked
over and grasped Clarissa's chin in his hand, his brown eyes meeting her
green ones. She stared back at him

You're going to kill me, aren't you?" she whispered
"I only wish I could do more than that, bitch," he hissed, and with
that, one sharp branch of the tree where she hung drove itself through her
spine. Peter's lips twisted into a satisfied sneer as he heard her final
gasps. But then he shuddered. The tone of her voice and the peaceful
look on her face were not those of a woman who had died in agony, but
rather, one who had found an answer she had been searching for. As he
shouted in rage, Clarissa's body grew thinner, more wrinkled, her dark
wavy hair suddenly turning silver as the branch piercing her body
withered and died, dropping her to the hard-packed earth. She lay there
a few seconds before fading altogether

Peter fell to his knees. She'd looked dead. She'd seemed dead. But
the mocking voice of the woman who lived within him echoed all around
the grove, laughing at him. And he suddenly suspected that the death of
his student wasn't a true death, and that in dying, she'd forever eluded
his revenge and discovered what he sought but would never find

Chapter Nine: Setting Rules 225

CEE ee

NG All

Y

RI RI
Personal Growth

You should not do magic you do not understand!
— Little Bear, The Indian in the Cupboard

Some would say that a mage's whole purpose
is to bring about change. This change may be
personal, affecting only the mystick himself, or
external, affecting the world around him. In its
ideal form, this transformation is called Ascen-
sion. The idea is hardly unive
outside the most rarefied Hor

al — few mages
n Realmsspendall
day arguing philosophy or metaphysics. Some

pects of a mage's "career," however, are constant enough to

address. That's what this chapter is for.

Many sorcerers (too many for some Masters' comfort) ignore
the larger implications of what they do; they do what they will,
literally. The world, however, does not stand still, especially when
you mess with reality. Mages change; this section details how yours
might change over the course of the chronicle. (See Chapters
Two and Three for the more theoretical aspects of the mystick
Path.)

Awareness

The first step in any sorcerer's existence is his awareness of

magick. Once he becomes accustomed to the idea, he must learn
how to shape reality and command his powers —and himself. This

is not a straightforward road; it twists and alters as the mystick
progresses, often challenging whatever steps the mage has already
learned. The exact nature of these changes will differ from mage
to mage and from troupe to troup.

. Any Path, however, begins
with awareness and goes on from there.

Example: Wild gece
a
Yhased to Strange ruins (a
Case gena's character Cia
shia 6 ashes about

(her Avatar) reaching out andl palise
breaks the surface, she mice
of the stream," says Wayne
ying todo?"
thastards?" Deena asks.
fficulty 6. Roll well:

reduce

Node) by menacing shadow
s falls into a Tass-laden
hia falls into
be a and pushed to the
stream. Alte
er sanity,
Jimit of her sani
for air, then feels a hand (het
Fe from dhe mad: When she res
es waver at
The creatures waverat he edge 2
(Deena's Storyteller). "What are Y

troy those
sjsthere any Way 4

teandesoy hah
any wade five dice. "Dif ©
‘Wayne nods and hart and sudden Awakening ove ent
Pin scent og) Deena rollsandaddsaW illpow
herdifficulty
ne fou successe

With a prim
toward the pursuing : Be
bolt of pure magickal fore ages

{blasts up her armsand out her HAE
ee ; i renzy>
‘radows, shredding them. IP praetor
De na rolls two more ee Seo ae

methecre enough. ceca
atures have hat gh. The secon ae hea
a ean the four winds, and Cynthia collaps
shadows to
stream bank.

2 i ints:
atic terror, Cynthia Po
er coalesces into a
3: Prime 2), which burns het
ronan The light strikes the
mathia attacks again
vtack. Wayne rules

ersthe
atthe

of ecst
mal scream 0 ae
hhadows. Hernew pow

Awakening

As it says in Chapter Two, an Awakening can be gradual or
sudden. More often than not, it involves a growing sense of
"otherness" — strange dreams, visions, blackouts, breakdowns,
religious ecstasies, whatever — leading to a momentous event
where the doors are thrown open. Regardless of what form this
Awakening takes, it remains a pivotal point in any mage's life and
often shapes her approach to magick from then on.

A character can begin with up to three points of Arete (see
"Backgrounds," Chapter Six), the result of a steady learning
process ora sudden, almost brutal, revelation. Generally, the more
powerful the Awakening — and the higher the starting Arete —
the more traumatic that first Epiphany becomes. A mage who
grows to accept magick in a slow, deliberate way may begin with
one point of Arete and a comparatively sane Awakening. One who

Awakens during some dramatic burst of insight may start off with
as many as three points, but will undergo some sanity-threatening
ordeal a

his world is blown apart and reconstructed. We leave the
specifics of Awa

ening to your troupe, but recommend that those
who wish to begin powerful pay for it.

Beginning Spheres
and Sphere Affinities

A Mage does not Awaken knowing Spheres; these arts must
be learned. More often than not, a mage's Awakening experience
influences the Sphere she begins her training with — and the one
for which she first discards her foci (see Chapter Eight). This
"Sphere affinity" usually guides the mystick's later study. She may
progress in any Sphere she wants, but tends to favor the familiar
Art. A Verbena who Awakens while escaping a burning building

may be drawn to Forces magick. Even after his mentor introduces
him to the Arts of Life, he will retain an affinity for fire. As he
grows, he may still need some focus to work his Life Effects, but
he'll have an intuitive gift for Forces. He'll set aside his foci for
Forces Effects first and will probably have more "dots" in Forces
than in any of his other Spheres.

There are no special benefits for having a "chosen" Sphere —
it's a roleplaying handle, not a game bonus. If the Storyteller
desires, she might allow fora -1 reduction for difficulties related to
the Awakening experience; the aforementioned Verbena might
deduct -1 from fire spell difficulties if the Storyteller agrees. In

most cases, a "Sphere affinity" will simply provide a starting point
for the road to greater magicks.

Wild Talent

Depending on the circumstances, a Storyteller may grant a
newly-Awakened mage some "wild power" above her usual talent
when she first Awakens. For a very brief period — a scene or two

— she may cast magicks of up to the third or even forth Sphere
level with an Arete Dice Pool of four or five. Naturally, she has
very little control over what she does or how — the magicks
happen like a brand-new reflex, not like a studied power — and
may screw things up royally during that time. The Storyteller has
complete control over the power and nature of these wild Effects.
The player may blurt out what she wants to have happen, but the
Storyteller makes the final decision about what does happen.


ZN |!

| SESE ||

LUZ sayy Bunnag :auIN Jaadeyo)

‘saanquaape
Jeusarxa Jo 10AKj UT aporuOrYp sty Jo Iadse s1y2 a10UST OF sYUEM
Jp]Jards0xg ayp ssaqun ‘sarueydidy pur ssurjaag anoypmn aiaay sty
aourape 1ouueD aseur ve IY aay SuTYOU YOM sat 4J9s yoHshut
pur aSeur uaamiag uonoeiayut ay inoge spreip om p szaadeyD
pnaskw y

APN A\ "JOIUAUL puOdas kB se SOM UDO IEIWAY s,

soiueydidy pue s$urjo0g

"9auy? ayp Jo [e103 JO UOHeUTGWIOD B JOU ‘IIeI] BuO

[]o2 Ajuo Sew apy ‘ao1oyp e axyeur smu Apnas o2 saysiM OY aseU e
ng ‘(op aow) Aueaqr] & 40 UORONSUT aaey ALL IOLUDW Y

"nOA JOU ‘Jor ayp soxLU Ya]]x440Ig ay 40 ade] soyO ay

ang ‘Kem ures aya squtod aouatzadxa saaes s919eIeYD INO "Bune

uononasuy 294 Suyjor Aq smouy, ays 2e~P Sunpautos wea] aseu

anok djay ues (x1g sandeyD ,,‘sanITIGY,, 298) |]P{S UoHONAsUy ay

{pM Ja1deIeYD JoLOUY "ITeA | PuNosByDeg ay YBnomyp Ava siya

siutod aauatiadxa anes A[uo ueD JaqDEIEYD k ‘82

2 sou U]
"urea] eo Aap arour atp ‘puy Aatp azow ay — aso]
ou B UT SALUT amt

apply 40} ssaupuoy ,siax99408 surepdxa stp
ey? azout r9afqns ous ay INoge Usea| 02 AeIqH] 9UIeS ay pasn
sey ae ays jt Yaaamoy ‘sa]qnop aun Apmag *syoog Woy sIysIsUE
nou ures sheave ULD 9UO — saLgeIqIT Jo ana 2,USt aUES dYL

"Aq awd 0 Jopuey pue soprey
si03 apa] mouy paoueape
SILL" $9910, SurApmas uaym siutod anes nos djay 1oUURD ¢ $9210,4
qin soruayy & — Yyonur nos djay 3,4e> op NOA UEYp ssa] sMOUD|

owuy unu sraaseyy Aueur wajqord & st

OYM auo ‘9sIMay!'] "xdYAVas]9 YOO] 02 aavy [],NOA — a1oydg aeY
inoqe NOA year JOUULD yo1TeU s9DI0,j INOge BuTYoU sMOUy OYA
Jomiayy Y "salphas yorsktu sNOA y9afgns ay Yam Op o1 Suryout0s
DAY ISU aBpajMOUy Jo doINos ay pue UIod aoUaTIAdxa aU

asvay.ae purads shemye ast aS eu INOA ‘]]O1 NOA VY JOU ON
aduwione Apmis
Jd [Jor 9uo Ayuo ayeUT ued NOK S{aaM e asea] Ie SayeI ApMas Yong
parpnis afer anos araydg 40 Aapqy aya BuLhng usym (Mojaq
aas) autod aouatiadxa auo aavs NOK ‘]]OI NOA ssa2ons YD 104
‘991p ANO} [JO p,NOA ‘aouEISUT JO} "p JOIUAYY seY ay JTS, ANOYIP
isupese a8payNouy Jo aoanos yey Ur Sues sty |Jor Wed saAvpd ay
nod ‘(astmaxy]) Aresqr] e 02 ssaode sey 40 (area | punosdypeg wy
qYyBnog sey "9"1) soUAyy JEUOJ & YAM satpMas aBeUL INO Jy

wun aaddn
ou sey Suruses] — saioerey Aue djay ues ysueasas jo s1yauaq
AY, "21 Jo 1no 193 ued yoHashuU e asoUL aYp ‘DuNOSAZ aL Jaq 2Y |,
*s00q 10 s9YDUAI Wo, aaaTap ULEII99 B UIA] ABUT sIaIDeIeYS)

SOLI@.IGI] pue SO, UI]

"soquattt Jay 01 TUROdUH UaAq
sey 1eyp aoe]d awos siaqua ays Uday sMOUy UDO IUApMs ay) pue
‘sapeoap ut uayods 1,uaavy oa ayp Jt uaa ‘syD1seu s,sznuaIdde
sty Jo JOARY,, AYA asuas A]jensn UED LOIUDU Y "saUTagI] Ise] We
qUOWYDeNe YoHshw styp ‘pas9Aas uaya UDA
yrog ang ,,9f9!8eu.,, payje> aq 01 YBnoua Suons Ajjensn 3,ust puog

"y]nd su1 aaj ued sapis

aY_L ways YIM ureUTAL AauMof atp Jo sade aWOS ‘>]IYM BJO} UDA
"qneg e poreys aavy sadew aouG ‘sdiysuonejas peuow spuadsuen
yotya aauren pur Jouren uaamiag aaamoy ‘sisIxa YUT] Y "PAs
Jeuosiod 10 Aajeaus ‘uontme ‘aindsip & yBnomyp autos 1yBtW SITY L
"4a1v] 10 Jus AuedwoD ued JUapMss pue JOIUALU ‘AJsnoIAqC,
jsinayewe Bururen arjoor e siuem dnoad oN ‘sIOIUaUE aq-P]Nom
woy puewap Aayp euoI. ureUa9 aay suOIIpEL] Isoy "UO
-eanday soquatu 29y Aq paiapury 0 padjay weg Jay puy dew a8eur

Surppng e a]1ya Guapms sty Jo suonIde ay 40 pauwapUoD Jo postesd
ag wayo |]lm o1uaw y "aaeyaq tog Aatp Ava ayp uO siaad slayp
Aq pasipnt ag []1 Aoup ‘oa Buojaq aonuadde pue sowuaw ay dno
saaaiey py "A1a190s mau Jay Oa! (ET [-f6 SaBed Uo sBuysy UoNpes
ayy aas) parentur st aseus mu ayy ‘(uoRUAAUOD JO UOIIpEd
494 Jo sjoso101d pue punossy2eq pemny]n9 axp pue saaydg SuruUIBaq

soy ‘9]A1s yoIseUr awlos jo soiseq aya sum] aUEpMs oy YDTYA
ur) Sururen yenrur oyp zoyyy "sonzed ynog 01 1usURFWIOD snoLas
B sawiooog 11 ‘sutBaq diysuonejar TuapMas/ioqUaW & 19A9MO}|
"xou10a ap Jo ano warp [nd o1 puey Apears
e pau Aayp pue uede ud|]ey sey pom s19yp ‘wWayp papunoy aay
(jsuonmper J 10) Aoess0uypa | ayp ‘way pasunqun sey Furuayeny
ay — day Buryaas auiod sxayAK ‘a4OUL BuIYPoUIos 4oj UNKAA OYA
Sew paouariadxa a10u & Jo sJUapNas 10 spuaLy ‘sa[drosip ‘sox4jooe

se uiSaq Aue "soIUAUE ay] 1 aUIOD saeU aq-pjnom auto
ASANO SI} 9YEI REA §,92140U ay? 29] 10 saouaLAdxa ouEpUNU
Jo yp1sew JY! YSNop Surudyeay ue oyu Joy ysnd Avw ay '9q-02
-sonuaidde sty ponodss,ay 29uQ) sou UeYA S89] 214 8 ,da9qs,, 01 Waas
ym a]doad Suryoaea Aq [idnd e ano yord pu asn yo1Seu snorssuooun
ypns aods ues adapy dieys y "pasuesop uaa so passayq ‘[njaysisur
"hy
-1outoo,, 9p1] wuopiad quayea YoHskw YIM aydoad soyy "uoHeAsasqo
d4ow ysnomyp sutusas jenuaiod ods Aueyy "AjyeyD!seur auop st

ny Ajdunns ay 4oy1—Surop a4 Aayp wey Surztpeas Noy ,saouap

slp souaWOg ‘sUdxEAYY OYs 10 ay axojaq aBeUL aINaNy & asus ULD
Auew sv ‘soajastuayp ano soonuardde stayp yord sro aWOg

"stomod soy az1]130 01

Jou Moy pur — Moy Wed] 0 101M atUOS Japun diyssoTUdidde

uv ofopun asow ‘saajaswioyp santpiqe saya suyad s1dyOMT]N
autos apy "VY Ue o2 pauyos UTISUL JeULAd v st y>IBEYy

diysooyuoiddy

"UI Woy satOD aos pu ‘99UDLIAdX~a WHOA
SWOD dUIOS HOIUAU JO PUL SWS Wo s9WOD LOHONASUL st
jo atog -(AvmAue ‘910ULAUE OL) snordsUOIgNs s1Y OUT saafasWayA
ssaadunt Ayduuis 10 op sazaydg aya — aoueape or Apmis asus oBeUL
aq loud yorseyy ana yp,

UOLPON.|SU]

UL SoU JOINS B AIDYM s,eY_L "JayoHo1 sovard aya and 194
sdjay asa auoawos pun azey 2/2274) sem [JPY UL IY, B Ut ISO]
says ‘Aypenuassy

e ‘oures ay [IY "SYOoq Woy pausLd|

paquayosip pue paureip aseur mau ay Surava

‘Appoinb apey pur ssaus awanxa spun asayt
PEAY

fsuiaasds Aq ueyp euresp Aq azour UNI aq ppnoys s1amod PII A\

uu Ayyensn. syotseur
Sa9UALINIO YR} YONS JJ Ja Yom 1OU OP sajna prey

"ypearq
Sunp aunay-e-ut

SurAp s,a8eu e yarn pauroysad aq Ajuo we9 11
-90U0 ¥ St SIL]. ‘a]qissod st y>1SeUL YdNs 10U 40 JaYIaYa Inoge Avs
Jeuy ayp sey s9]]914u0xg atp pur ‘euoNdo AjasnUa st ajna sty,

Aq wiry saquiauias 01 Surpoutos s19x4>Nspoo]q
ay saaeay pure sassaoons ano} s1a8 ‘(;20u AYA — aUtOd J9MOd]]E A,
e quads ay) g Aynoypip asurese aoip uaaas s]jor zadeqd sty ypeap
sty Jo TuaWOU ayp Ie Uadas saUIODaq XI Jo AIAN JeUUOU SIH] "Bunysed
ase] YP OUT pey ay SurypAr9Aa and ‘souersisse s,poo YIM ‘plnos
2Y I99Bq UORWoYLINY Jo saw] ay 9sn 01 paruea ang "¢ UIE PeYy
Ajjeuuou Aa]j9yg J9yAR J] "ISeF AJoY eUY e YIM saturdUa
poo uodn pajje> ay pur ‘sarrdurea Aq papunouns ‘SutAp seas Aaq]94S
saypeg yp Aeg ‘azaydg 2eyp UI Survey pensn sty ueYp Jaysty sop 04110
auo Jaaay aiaydg pur arany ue we I99yy peUY 2UO JJo auy AeUH y>IUSKUE
e — tpeap Suipuadunt ureusa9 ay] — saoueastunons awanxa Uy

sty aurts 01


ience Costs

Exper Cost % 7
Trait 3 Experience Points
lit 0
New ae, eS eacvotie As the chronicle progresses, the Storyteller will reward your
New Sphere ae erating characters with experience points. These points allow you to buy
Willpower er ute up your mage's Traits, and reflect the result of hard-won knowl-
Knowledges current rating * "i dex:
Talents and Skills CE ey Spending E Point
i wyrrent rating © ending Experience Points
Attributes vcialty Sphere i ne x 8 p 3 Pp
‘Tradition Speci curren : Any Trait other than Backgrounds can be raised with expe-
Other Sphere current rating * rience. If you want to raise your mage's Alertness from 2 to 3, you'd
hee spend four experience points. These costs vary from Trait to Trait

Raising your Arete is not a matter of spending experience
points. A Seeking pits your mage against a series of internal
challenges. Ifshe overcomes them, she gains a deeper access to the
power within her. Ifshe fails, she cannot advance (or buy another
point of Arete) until she overcomes a future test. When she
succeeds, a momentary burst of insight —called an Epiphany, after
an old term for faerie enchantment — overwhelms her; things will
seem a bit dislocated, impressionistic, otherworldly. Those who
study such things claim that the mage has entered the "Periphery"
between this world and the spirit realm. This feeling fades after a
while, but the enlightenment does not.

Ideally, the player should take some time out with the
Storyteller in order to roleplay a Seeking session. This isn't
essential, of course, but it helps both parties get a feel for Mage's
deeper possibilities. The details of the Seeking will often depend
on the Avatar's Essence, the mage's conflicts within the chronicle
and the player's and Storyteller's desires.

Some possible Seeking ideas, by Essence, include:

* Dynamic — You must successfully change either yourself
or somebody else. The nature of that change will vary — a Chorus
mage should bring about something toward the common good,
while a Progenitor might have to solve some scientific riddle
which has baffled her until now, unlocking new possibilities.

* Pattern — You must protect the status quo somehow (by
protecting your parents, say, or bringing your own chaotic tenden-
cies into line) or strengthen the patterns which connect and bind
the world together (by symbolically descending to the Under-
world to give Atlas a break, for example).

* Primordial — You must face— or accept — your own inner
demons within a landscape of your deepest self, and strengthen
your ties with the most primal parts of creation. An urban Verbena
may need to cast aside her modern comforts and live wild in the
woods, while a Hermetic mystick may need to escape his foci and
work magick using only his wits.

© Questing — Your Seekings will take you throughout the
physical, mental and spiritual worlds, in pursuit of an endless
succession of goals, truths and rewards. You may be tantalized by
some "Holy Grail" that beckons you through a series of puzzles
which reflect unresolved bits of your life.

228

Mage: The Ascension

and can be found in both the box nearby and on the Character
Creation Process chart in Chapter Six.

Within the story, however, your mystick must learn these
skills somehow —someone or something must teach him. He may
have entered formal training to learn more about Do, or might
have increased his ability through hard use, trial and error.
Roleplay it out when you raise your character's Traits; it's not vital
to act out a month spent in a dusty library, but the learning time
should be accounted for somehow.

Sphere ratings must be increased by study — you don't
discover the more esoteric aspects of your Art through simple use.
This study may take place witha mentor (or Mentor, if you're using
the Background Trait), in secluded research or during some
appropriate quest — a vision journey, an Otherworldly trip or a
personal cross-country trek — and will take time. Assume at least
one month per Sphere level at the lower levels and perhaps as long
asa year or more per level at rank three or above. Magick can take
lifetimes to master and often does.

Awarding Experience Points

At the end of each story, the Storyteller will take each
character's actions into account (be afraid!). For Storytellers,
these "rewards" will set the tone and power level of the game you
tun. If you're stingy, the characters will advance slowly, perhaps
tooslowly for their players' tastes. If you're over-generous, you may
be dealing with a super-cabal before you know it. We recommend
giving between one to five points per character per game session.

The guidelines below offer a good spread of options.

* One point — Automatic: A character always gets one
point after each game session.

* One point — Learning Curve: The character learned
something from his experiences during the chapter. Ask the player
to describe what his character learned before you award the point.

* One point — Acting: The player roleplayed well, not only
entertainingly butappropriately. Award for exceptional roleplaying
only; your standards should get increasingly higher. In most cases,
only award this point to the person who did the best roleplaying
in the troupe.

* One point — Internal Consistency: The player acted out
her character's Nature and Demeanor very well and had magickal
goals that complemented her Essence. While some players may
find it tough to fulfill all three goals convincingly, those who
properly present both their fagade and true self deserve a reward,
as do those who represent their Essence appropriately and consis-
tently.


* One point — Heroism: When a character puts herself at
risk for others, such as when she suffers multiple aggravated

wounds fighting a Nephandus long enough for the rest of the

mages to escape, give heran experience point. Don't let characters
take advantage of this, however. There's a fine line between
heroism and stupidity

At the end of each story, you can assign each player from one

to three additional experience points in addition to the points
they earned for completing the final chapter

* One point — Success: The group succeeded in its mission
or goal. It may not have been a complete success, but at least a

marginal victory was achieved.

* One point — Danger: The character e

danger during the story and survived.

* One point — Wisdom: The player (and thus the charac-
ter) exhibited great wits or resourcefulness and came up with an
idea that enabled the group to succeed.

If you want to award your players even more points and let
their characters develop more quickly, simply invent new award
categories. These can even vary from story to story and can be

based on the specific circumstances of each

Specialties

Once a character attains four dots in a Trait (including a

Sphere; see Chapter Eight), the player can choose aspecialty that
fits her mage's experiences. Chapter Six has more details about

such specialties

Raising Backgrounds

These Traits come from actions and events; thus, you the

Storyteller may grant points in a particular Background in lieu of
experience points if the mage (or cabal) did something that would
earn her some kind of favor. If Jennifer Rollins made a powerful
friend during one story, for instance, the Storyteller might give her
a dot in Allies or raise the Trait by one if she had it, instead of

giving her experience points that session. If Father Shelley's cabal

won a new Chantry during a story, each character would get a dot
or two in the Chantry Background.

Generally, only one Background dot will be awarded per

mage per game session, unless some great favor was done.

Conflict

» matter how subtle the wizard, a knife between the shoulder

blades will seriously cramp his style
Steven Brust, Jhereg
The trials a mystick encounters during his life will change
him in ways no player — or Storyteller — can predict. These
events can alter his personality, lower his Arete or confidence or
even transform him into a threat to the world around him

Nature and Demeanor

We are the products of our experiences. Sometimes the

things we encounter change us from Caretakers to Curmudgeons

or from Rebels to Architects. Likewise, you the player may decide

to alter your mage's Nature or Demeanor. This may take as little

as a shift in roleplaying or as much as a drastic revision of both
listings with the Storyteller's permission.

Chapter Nine: Setting Rules

==


sas:

aumn Bu] & 10} ase] UD JU PaxsTUL-UN]qosqoy or
seiqoyd Aya wo — ring} Jo Noayo-soye ay | IYBIG saadeys
Jo UONIDAs XOpereg ay UT PUNO} aq URD IINZ) 10} S9pNI |]NJ YL,

pind

"sauisap s9]Joud4org ap Jt ‘sBurYp YSnosp yom 02 BuPjaag e Bur
-ofiapun Ayqissod pue samodypty\ s,a8eur ano' Surzorsas Aq pauresas
aq Ajuo ued naan 1807] ‘Butde]dajos pur 2ouaTadxa ysnosp pauresas

aq 4yUo ued aso] 1aMOd]H!A\ "NIG sadeYD Ut ssutpeay aandadsaxtayp
sso] J9M0d]|1/Q\ PUR aIAAY 40g SapNy |]NY OL

Jopun punoy aq ue:

"yprBeur y10m 01 ArtpIGe ay si1a}10} sauNaWOS
pue — onus sasoj yonur oo1 uMop syeauq OY aBeuI y "UNOP
yearq saumatuos sauryseu UaAd pur ‘sauryoeUL IOU ase sBUtaq WEL
-n} ‘sButaq ueuny aze saSeyy "aouapyuoo spuewap yIseyy

AIMOUTIM 10 VJo.1'y Sulso]

Aydutpio:
sadeys saop ay ey IU ‘"JaAaMoY ‘sHOquINWIAL axLOA|IN UUs Y
"An8 ao1u e Butag Inoge A|LEssaIaU IOUS! aBEPY IY JaquIaWAY,

p Siow ay pue ‘aeuN siy Ul — pom sty pue — wry

‘ray Woy S908 ay a194m

998 pue suONDe Jo aD!OY v UNTY 1aYo Isnf ‘sNoLAgo O02 sBUIYp CU

UO ‘s19¥a1 JaAvjd ay BOY as puL FYB JaadeyD UF Aayayg

Joypey Jo [apr ayp ayy] sisay dn yag "saajaswayp UEP 10 Woapar

01 Atunoddo ue say deseYp [ryapLid aa18 01 A1OIs ayp Jo asinod aya
J9)]8 Ud NOK Uo] Jax4JOIg v SY :sUONEIduID pur s3sa1 dn 19g

jury ay

sayea ay 10010 Joy Jodejd ayp o9 dn say "3894 Aunts [Jim s1ayIO
uous q]IM aWOg -a2HoU ]]IM a[doad ‘a1e] 40 19UO0g

"suonoe s,prezim
ay uo Surpuadap uredie ‘[nyraneag azo! Jo 91]8n sou Aew pue ares
a1ayp Jo susts eotskyd autos uo ayer Uayo sasew Uappu-aplid A]]eayY
:pajaaysip 40 parutea svadde 10 samod Surpyoe19 axerpes sarysiaq
oj Avur oSeu ay — (apud rey jo ameu aya uo Surpuadap
‘O1-L Aajnoypip) apud jnpramod yo sases aon0u Avur seine 40 s1e1
adde 40 wine sty u9aa sounautos

-PAY 298 OYM SIOINILYL "99Ue
pur Aa1peuosiad s,aSeu & sizaye uayo aouEUOSay :aBeUL ayp Inoqe
a.ayip, Supouos aanou ssay2vavyD sa]J1A401g 197]
"peapi9ay9 01 40 astaseyd 01 sayp1a ‘pua daap ayp saypeosdde
adieu v jt dn yeads, Aypensn qj sereayy ayp ‘hem Jaya a op or
ipueyday, ayp Surutof wueawt a1 jf UaAd ‘o3 pynom uosiad aues Aue
ueyp equi oy? OUT Jodaap adunjd Aeus aouassg SuNsaNg) e Yat
Jnaurduq plo, vaytya "eray sty Aq paprys aq Aew sao} dn 3uneaq
Jo INO YH] B siad OYM JoYpoIg o1YseEYY UY "suqNY jo AYysIey
Joleais 01 a8eut ay) aeinooUa 40 apd BuPZesi0y anoysia ax]d
-WO9 0} a]gissodutt sSunjaag asoyy ay4eUI ‘sBuryaag Suunp saM0d
Joyny yoriskw ay Auap syste AeU TeIEAYy ay ‘SUOHIe s,1919)
ay2 pue aouassq seu ay) uO Surpuadag -(ajdwexa ue Joy
vies a1goy dara /ueAy esstse]D ays 99s) 93eu aya UO puadap |]IM
sitp ySnoyp ‘souarosto & URL Jaidwia ¥ ayt] axOU! aUHODaq AEUL
1 ‘sases Aueut Uy "aud s,a8eur B Ino IUIOd 01 1aYDHD Auf aq
Jou paau seaeay UY HeIeay ayp Avjd Nod em ayp asnipy «
"a4e9 01 au08 4ey 02 AypeNsn st adeUL ayp ‘areas pasueape Aqjear
8 01 298 sSunyp aun ayp Ag "sButpunouns jeotshyd ayp ueyp arow
aoejd eyo araydsoune ayp siayye 11 — auaao Ajarer st aoueUOSaY,

yD

a8uens 01 eine SuIasuN ue Yo aat3 Aew uINIDUEg BJO ‘snoM
Hep aurodaq Aeur weay UOZHOL B ‘SuruyUOS
auour was [pla Apmas spjoriskur Apaaid y "Aapeuosiad say ypreut
01 sSurpunouins s,a8eu & s10]09 Ayfenpess ‘aUIOs Aq 2uDUOSeY Pare?

duo a10uu pure 2:

‘aoayo siy|L "wstrun aBepy st , pjojoazp Nos o2 suuMas Op Nos YDTY
Tey], :SUONDe s,aeus ayp 1a] 0} Pplom ayp aBuey> Apqng «

uolsuaosy ayy *

"Aqyeuosiad ann saseu ay
ax pur axow aWIODAq sISLMI as9Y3 19] "OU J] "TUTY
aatssassod os st aSew siy puaty[sts ayp uo Ads 09 wy
aauapuodsazz09 sty 1eyp saonouiadejdasia e ;
jo aseo paoueape ue Uo aye) Aljear sey aSeur arp jun aqeastiou
Ayjeas suoneiaye ypns ayeur a,upjnoys sa]Jaadiorg y "*"yfsuY
Aq Je anoge aysnosq ay apes e ayY ‘puosas v 10} AYsLIq
panos payeay asnf saisyOYD aya punoa ays so NY AE aOJaq
uowrap Suyprus & ay!) ay] & Payoo] [Jeqaay IeUP aqheyy ‘pauueyd
saise9 yp URL ApUALay!p apy] e ano suum qJads e Yaya 3n990
apud Suro' jo suats asiy ayy, sya Jeyseu SINT,

SLIGNL] SuloA.1oyg

(qe gaye ‘oured v st siyp
aaey op Aaya ing ‘oueuNy aq 10U
uoIst>ap poos AueUL 003 apeUt

puy "woyp 02 aouezeq jo 10s &
Aeur yureq pue usavayy] —s1ey ag
sey z94vjd ayp asnesag asnf a]oeisqo ue se ur apud sory? 2,u0q
‘sanpadsiod ur apis ep, UAO anos daay ‘owes oUp ITY)

"11 aq Os ‘suONde saxdEIeYD sty sIOayE saAvId v
Jo pau oy jy "say urUpIAN PLL Aaaaa ureap 40 Aayo ayp punore
s[]eqazy moayp 01 ueM Aydunts oYM s1advpd-samod asurEse s9Adq v
se Slqny asn 01 YaAamoy ‘preye aq 2,uoq] ‘adno NoA Uo puadap
[4 soouersunsii9 ay J "S1Yyst]ap aiau Jo stay paayosazun ‘spaney,
plo Aq paadusaa zaaoeseyp sty aavy o2 UoIs}oap e ape sey JjasuATY,
Jodepd ays aqheur aE ‘pneu YB! at siadaajg ayp 10) preBas NOY
seg yenuad ut UnyLs AaBuNy e SuuN{UOD 40 ‘preog UO yPeIg{ UE
ueyy atp []P] 02 uEpdare ue dn Surmojq — A]ssojazeo adv 01 uNsaq
say sdeysag "]]e aye ‘Area jo UoFeUOJsUER ay st — ApYsty
002 yo1Seur ayer 07 uNsaq sey (194e]d sty 40) ay sdeysog "sasuuTYy
Jo |]ny sowooaq yrishur e uaya Ut sdaazd Aypensn stuqn}y

suorssnouadaa sit pue
apis pep oyp,, yar Sureap uaym suondo suos nok aard pjnoys
‘aaamoy ‘siUTY SUIMOT[O} AY. "2]2!UOIYD sNoK Jo spaou ayp puL
wry punose ajdoad ayp jo suorseag ayp (21 sasn oy Ava au pur)
sasn ay yo1Seu ays ‘suonse sty ‘Sew at Uo puadap |]! suopeNas
yns yam jeap sa}Jaxd401g ay NOA ALM ayLL "stuAIshs OF UBISsE

omy

ajdwios pur ajqeuea 002 aae aprid aaissaoxa jo s199J9 YL,
QoUeUOS9 zy Q SLIGN]]

Pood UMO si Joy DTWUAp O01 UMOLT
ay] & 40 aBeuep paroiyur-asaydg puryy ‘syoys yeoojoysisd
araaas ‘s1aingy Buoy yowosdde 02 Avm asaq ay aq Avw ang ‘asudy
-yeyp B aq []!M ENUAWAp Yons SuLdLpdayoy "AjwOpuEL saUaUIOS

— yiog 20 roueswag ‘simeN saypre Aye AewE ANURSUT
souatiadxa punojoid sayzoUe s9oR19pun Jo auEsUE

saog sax sereyp aup ssojun Guauetuad ayo st ayryse Yypns ‘suaddey
2s aye1

HW 2dUQ "IMOge BUD 02 sa1OIs 10 sUOISsas JUL |e
eur pue yaroa s.a1 SuryaAu9Ao Joy ano pacejd ag p]noys aBuey> oy L
-Avm sty soqoereyp & Jay]e UD UOHR]aAa7 JUopuadsUEN JO LUNE
auaaas 8 AJuO ‘Ay]e1aUAD "UONIAUOD puk YoopINO UL yIYs punojoud

B sipayar yrys & Yons — saprey aq & st amen SuueyS,

"uoseai poo e 10) auOp $11 JI UAAa HOURAWIAG] 19y4R191e_,
adueyp e yons asag3ns

d nod Ava au uo But

B ayaq 10U soop soBew peat BUN] A[pjoo
Aeur yjassay z9]J91A101g au "sardeIeYD NOK
-puadag "asiy s2]]a1A101g ayp ajNsUOD Ayqissod pure Jays 1922
AnoA Woy JOURIWAG] Jo aU ase1 NOK ax0jq Seu ap Ae[dNOA AeA
atp a8ueyp pynoys nos ‘AjjesmeNy "Apuaraytp Bune suas Ajdunts
saiseey> ay) — Yon aye2 2,usa0p 1oURaWAg SUIBULYO,

eyo

aS

WN DK

Resolution

I saw the sha
Won

Leat
Leave a

dered why she lived and d

I me why

Be MVM rr

and
Rusted Root, "Beautiful People"

The Ascension ideal is an ephemeral thing. Like hubris, it's

not something systems can define — it's a personal goal, not a

collection of experience or Arete points. A Master may reach

Arete 10, have five dots in alll his Spheres, live fora thousand years
and still not Ascend if he lacks the wisdom or the vision to do so.
A relatively young mage may Ascend if she comes to terms with
her inner conflicts, gives up her life for another or achieves a
balance between her mortal and mystick selves. Ascension isa
riddle, and those with the answers didn't stick around to pass them
along

Ascension usually takesa character out of the game. He orshe

has gone off to a higher (or lower) plane. Some mages actually
work their way up to this goal, but step back at the last minute to
help others along. Perhaps the Ascended ones join God or the
Gods, or the Oracles, or the Machine. If they still walked the
Earth, it might be a brighter place (then again, it might not...)

Differ
they'reall correct for those who believe. Chapters Two and Three
explore different concepts point-by-point. The means to personal

nt groups have differing views on Ascension. Perhaps

Ascension (and the results of it) are left to your troupe to decide
Whatever the answer may be, it won't be quick or easy to achieve.
Nothing worthwhile ever is.

Ascension is an enigma. The hints below, however, should
make it easier to incorporate into your chronicle.

Personal Ascension

Self-perfection is the common Holy Grail. Through it, a
mystick becomes one with some greater entity or expands to full
human potential to become more than merely flesh. Some posit
that such Ascension is not a goal but an ongoing process. The
answer, again, is up to you

Seekings and Arete play a large part in personal Ascension,
but they only reflect in abstract terms what most mages spend
lifetimes trying to achieve. The real test of personal Ascension
comes through roleplaying — facing tests and triumphing while
becoming one with your Art. A character who spends most of her
experience on Arete and most of her time achieving some balance
and perfection will Ascend more quickly than one who perfects his
power with the Spheres.

Some "common" routes toward personal Ascension might
include:

¢ Journeys into the Otherworlds which inspire a view of the
totality and unity of creation;

© Strict adherence to some art, magick, philosophy or reli
gion which teaches "The Way" to a chosen goal;

Death as a sacrifice for the greater good;

© Forging an all-unifying theory which takes all things into
account and respects the miracle which is each separate thing
combined;

© Realizing that any attempt to quantify creation is doomed
to fail and harmonizing with what is rather than with what one
thinks there should be

Chapter Nine: Setting Rules 231


NO Ail

IW

External Ascension

Remaking the world in your image is what the Ascension
War is all about. To bring about worldwide Ascension (if such a
thing is even possible), a mage or cabal would have to accomplish
some great feat which would open the eyes of the multitudes and,
theoretically, get them all to accept the truth you know. Not
likely.

This isn't to say that localized change is impossible. The
Hermetic Houses, and later the Technocracy, have had great
success molding local paradigms enough so that their actions
could be considered normal, if unusual. In an era of global
intercommunication, a truly world-wide paradigm may be in sight.
This possibility ups the stakes of the Ascension War forall parties.
If some Reckoning is at hand, every group wants to be the one
holding all the cards when it happens

Mage itself is about change, so players must be allowed to at
least think that their efforts make some sort of difference. Again,
the amount of change one cabal can bring about should depend on
what the troupe wants from its chronicle — we cannot dictate
what's best for your game. Mages have been fighting for centuries

to remake the world, and one novice cabal probably won't be able
tocrush the Technocracy or drive the Primordial horrors back into
the Deep Umbra, but then again, they migh tip the balance of the
fight. Such a change must be gradual, not sudden; abrupt change
brings about Paradox....

The hints below offer some guidelines toward external As-
cension to use as you see fit. Common methods may include:

© Significantly changing, through personal efforts, a local
paradigm to accept certain Arts or styles as coincidental (harder
than it sounds);

© Bringing abouta revelation, miracle or disaster so profound
that the Sleepers would have to take notice (and surviving the
experience long enough to make change last);

© Trashing a rival faction so completely that they offer no
competition (i.e., the Pogrom);

© Founding a philosophy, metaphysic, culture or religion so
widespread that it alters the world (the most successful method,
ally slow);

© Ushering in some entity which makes the world's mind up

The Hidden World

Children will always be afraid of the dark, and men
with minds sensitive to hereditary impulses will always
tremble at the thought of the hidden and fathomless
worlds of strange life which... only the dead and the
moonstruck may glimpse.

—H.P. Lovecraft, "Supernatural Horror in Litera-
ture"

Mages share an uneasy relationship with other
shadow denizens — vampires, ghosts, demons,
Umbrood spirits, werewolves and even reputed
s. This hidden world teems beneath the mundane one that

mortals understand. Though few un-Awakened people ever notice
such beings, their influence cannot be totally ignored.

The Awakened deal with other supernaturals all the time.

These societies are an endless mystery, even to those who
belong. Any meeting between them will be colored by misconcep-
tions and prejudice. Even if your troupe is familiar with the other
Storyteller games, bear in mind that the "facts" that most vam-
pires, werewolves, mages and such take for granted about each
other are utterly wrong. Only the ghosts seem to have accurate
information about the other groups, and the dead seldom talk.

Most other supernatural beings can sense mystick activity.
This is more of a feeling than a "Hey, there's magick going on over
there" sort of insight. A successful Perception + Alertness roll will
allow such creatures to detect magickal feats; the difficulty for
such a roll runs from 7 to 10, depending on the strength of the
magick. While subtle or coincidental acts would be hard tonotice,
flashy vulgar ones would be pretty obvious.

The following rules cover supernatural beings and their
interactions with the mysticks they encounter. These rules assume
quick-and-dirty story resolutions; troupes with the other Story-
teller rulebooks are encouraged to use those systems instead.

232

Mage: The Ascension

Vampires

Vampires (also known as the Kindred, the name they usually
call themselves) do indeed exist. Much of the folklore about them
is false, however, and even the wisest mages know few hard facts.
The most powerful Kindred play Machivellian games with both
mortals and their own offspring. Younger bloodsuckers — some
myths, at least, are true — are said to wage their own kind of
Ascension War, one for independence from their immortal mas-
ters.

Some facts are common knowledge, at least among the
mysticks: vampires are indeed undead, with a blessing/curse passed
through a blood-transfer called the Embrace. They fear sunlight
and fire; both inflict aggravated damage on them. Simulated
sunlight will not destroy them, though it will hurt;
inflicts the usual magickal damage, which can be soaked. Crosses
or garlic have little effect. Kindred drink blood to survive, but do
not die if it is withheld — they simply fall into a deep slumber.
Vampires heal quickly from most forms of damage (one or more
Health Levels per turn) and can use a variety of unearthly powers

h success

These powers are not magickal. For reasons the Awakened
don't entirely understand, the vampiric Embrace destroys a mage's
ability to use True Magick, and he cannot carry it over beyond his
death. There are rumors of undead wizards, but their nature and
origins remain a mystery. Some Kindred do employ a form of static
magic, called Disciplines by some. One of these, known as
Thaumaturgy, is a variant of hedge magic that harnesses the mystic
power of vampire blood. Other Disciplines allow Kindred to
change into wolves or bats, grow claws or meld with the earth
(Protean), command others through thought or personality (Domi-
nate and Presence), disappear from sight (Obfuscate), see hidden
and even magickal things (Auspex), commune with animals (Ani-
malism), or employ inhuman speed (Celerity), strength (Potence)


orstamina (Fortitude). Other, more arcane, Disciplines supposedly
exist, but they are not common. Though these abilities are still a
form of mystic command, they are a far cry from the power of the
Spheres. They are, however, Paradox-free; mages who battle
vampires must be careful.

Mages with the right Spheres can oppose some Disciplines
through countermagick; Mind counters Dominate and Presence
attacks, and basic countermagick works against Thaumaturgic
cancel out the vampire's own, as usual.

spells. Magickal succe
Countermagick only works this way against direct attacks on the
mage herself. Powers which alter the Kindred (Potence, Obfus

cate, Celerity, Fortitude, Auspex and Protean) or others
(Animalism, or Presence or Dominate used against someone other
than the mage) cannot be countered this way.

Life magick alone is useless against the undead. Only con-
junctional Effects using Matter and Life, or fire-based attacks, can
inflict aggravated damage, although Forces, Entropy, Mind and
Prime attacks have their usual effect.

Some mysticks use vampire blood for Tass or vitality. While
this can be effective in the short run — the average vampire can
"supply" five points worth of Tass, and prolong a human life for
decades — it's unhealthy. The undead make nasty enemies and
inflict terrible punishments on those who would use them in such
a cavalier manner

A lesser form of the Embrace, called a Blood Bond, can
enslave a mage who drinks too much vampire blood. Anyone,
mortal or otherwise, under such a Bond must obey the vampire
from whom that blood came unto death. Though a combination
of strong magicks (Life 4, Mind 3, Entropy 3, Prime 1) and some
knowledge of the condition (Kindred Lore, and lots of it!), a
willworker may break a Bond set on someone else. The Bond,
however, will not usually allow a person under its power to harm
her master — or destroy the Bond — of her own volition.

The Kindred can be crafty allies, volatile companions and

demonic enemies. A wise mage avoids entanglements with the

undead.

Ghouls

Vampires are known to create ghouls, Sleepers or animals that
have partaken of vampire blood without dying first. These beings
remain mortal, but they do not age so long as they receive a steady
supply of vampire blood. Like vampires, ghouls have shown
superhuman physical abilities and the power to heal quickly.
However, ghouls command no magick nor supernatural powers.
ution.

Mages should treat ghouls with ordinary c:

Werewolves

Werewolves, or Garou, are not fond of mages. Their sacred
sites — called caems — are more than just Nodes. Each one, they
feel, is a small heart of the earth mother they call Gaia. Plenty of
mysticks have shrugged off the warnings of the Garou and tried to.
tap these Primal springs. Not many survive the attempt.

Garou are penultimate killing machines; fast, massive and
really bad-tempered, they heal most kinds of damage almost as fast
as they receive it. Only fire, silver, aggravated magickal attacks
and toxic waste seem to hurt a werewolf — ice. cause him
aggravated damage. In game terms, only aggravated damage affects
a Garou for long. Any other kind simply heals at a rate of one
Health Level per turn if the beast is in one of it's non-human forms.

IN

s of the Werewolf: The Apocalypse game, Garou
have five forms: Homid (human), Glabro (big human), Crinos
(wolf-man death-machine), Hispos (dire wolf) and Lupus (wolf).
For simplicity, only Homid, Lupus and Crinos forms are impor-
tant. The first twoare fairly mundane; the third effectively doubles
a werewolf's Physical Attributes, grants him two or three attacks
perturn andallows him to ignore dice penalties from wounds. This
form is so terrifying that un-Awakened humans generally freak
out, pass out or run in its presence. Mages are immune this
"Delirium" effect, but feel an instinctual fear of this natural
predator regardless

Because of the general antipathy the werewolves hold to-
wards mages, facts about them are scarce; they are said to be great
shamans, remorseless killers and fearless allies. Those who under-
stand the Otherworlds often meet Garou in their travels beyond
the Gauntlet. Some Traditions — the Dreamspeakers and Ver-
bena, in particular — hold an uneasy truce with the beast-men.
Marauders, it is said, often ally with them for short periods, and
even some Nephandi supposedly seek their service. The Technoc-
racy considers the so-called Changing Breed a menace and hunts
them at any provocation. For the most part, the Garou avoid
letting mysticks get too close. Even the best of companions will
never willingly allow a mage to access a caern.

Some mages don't care. If the defenders can be slain, a Spirit 4
Effect must be used to break through the Node's mystick protec-
tions before its Quintessence can be channeled. A caern will be
good for between five to 50 points of Quintessence before it gives
out. Any mage who does this will be in serious trouble if the Garou
+ discover her identity!

Other shapechangers exist — bears, ravens, coyote, big cats
and even, supposedly, giant lizards have Changing Breed counter
parts. Werecats (also called Bastet) are especially fond of mysticks
and sometimes follow them around to learn their secrets. These
other forms of were-beast are exceedingly uncommon. Many can

only be found in Horizon Realms dedicated to the bygone Earth.

Some werewolves use Spirit-magics called Gifts. Like Disci-
plines, these are natural static affinities, not True Magick. The
broad range of such Gifts, however, makes duplicating their
powers difficult without a copy of Werewolf. If you don't have
one, just assume that a werewolf can use between one to three
Spheres worth of Spirit magick, with a Dice Pool of two to four and
no Paradox restrictions. All Garou can Step Sideways like the
Spirit 3 Effect; all it takes is a shiny surface, a turn to pass through
and a successful roll of three dice.

Old tales
the truth may be, the werewolves and their kin are tough, elusive,
and rare. Willworkers had best tread carefully around them.

Changelings

‘Some mages believe that faeries walk among us. Not the regal
sidhe of the Mythic Age, but half-human changelings who carry
their otherworldly aura beneath a mortal guise. While more
skeptical mysticks dismiss such fairy tales, even they can't ignore
the odd beings who pop around reality's corners from time to time,
bringing their dreams with them.

ay the Garou are spirits clothed in flesh. Whatever

Chapter Nine: Setting Rules 233

IN

t

Some Traditions have age-old ties to the fae — the Verbena,

Dreamspeakers and Hermetic Houses know the so-called Kithain
well. Other, more modern mages regard the changelings as some
sort of cross-breed if they acknowledge them atall. The Technoc-
racy denies that such beings exist and have teams of specialists
who can convince anyone who does believe in faeries to change his
mind. The Council on the whole believes that faeries joined the
Bygones centuries ago. Changelings may appear occasionally, but
they remain on Earth only for short periods, then return to fabled
Arcadia, the Dreaming Realm. Mages who meet the fae dispute

this, but any proof of faerie presence is as fleeting as the dreams
they supposedly command

The tales of faerie magics are as varied as the fae themselves;
any legend you've ever heard supposedly has some basis in fact
Naturally, the days of magic castles and living trees are long gone
(orso we think...), but many folk on the fringes of the old country
still claim that helpful boggans and mischievous pooka wander the
backwoods, showing up just long enough to cause trouble. If
changelings do exist, their abilities would shape dreams and

gination, turning it into "solid" reality if the fae one can bring

a mortal along to witness it. There seems to be a correlation
between this fae Art and True }

Aagick, but the former quickly
disappears when Banality (aka Unbelief) grows too strong

In game terms, changelings can warp reality as if they wielded
Sphere #

gick, so long as they overcome a target's Banality first

To do this, roll the changeling's Glamour rating as if it were Arete
for a magickal Effect (see Chapter Eight). The target's Banality

score sets the difficulty. These Effects will have some narrow

parameters certain changelings might only affect humans,
inanimate objects, natural forces, places or other faeries — and
often demand some sort of odd action — like clucking like a

chicken, suffering a nightmare or dancing in a circle — before the
Effect will work. A changeling affecting the world around him
would roll against the Banality rating of the area (in other words,
the Gauntlet rating). Unlike True Magick, such Arts will not
work at all if the changeling cannot overcome Banality, and they
rarely leave lasting results

A mage can resist a fae cantrip by rolling her Willpower like
asoak roll, difficulty 7. As usual, this

moves successes from the

changeling's total. The mystick may also counter the Art with her
ast difficulty 6. Changelings can, however, do
magick with their G!

Arete, rolling ag

countering Sphe amour

(difficulty 7). A fight between am nd a changeling is an odd
and inconclusive thing.
The more a mage believes in faeries, the easier it will be for

have a low-to-medium

achangeling to affect her. Tradition m:
Banality from four or five for a L mspeaker, Hermetic or
Verbena to eight for a Son of Ether or Virtual Adept.
Technomancers of any kind have high Banality ratings — Tech

uuders and Nephandi

nocracy mages often go as high as 10. M

may have very low or extremely high Banality ratings, depending
on the mystick himself
Fae

fae — are said to exist. If they do, they may be treated as werewolf

¢ places — called Freeholds by those who understand the

caerns with high Arcane ratings which hide them from sight. It's
also said that some mythic beasts have dreaming forms that
become solid if one comes under faerie enchantment. Treat them
like Bygones with Glamour scores of between five and 10, who
must overcome a person's Banality before they can interact with
him

234 Mage: The Ascension

SSS


VOW

NY Sug :auIN JaadeyD,

saunds ayp arepryruue pjnoys yooys
ya aso8Zns sauody J "IYSiINO A Aonsap 40 4>a/qo ay
peary | ‘suorssassod pjo sit Jo auo axed] 02 An eYA
f UMO SIT 0131 aAva] OSI YTEIM  YpLA adod 02 hea 189q
BYO|9q pJo s19up Jo aatssassod A194 aue pur ayy] UI poruanb
4y AOU svare ap apisino parayunosua Ajarer ase sya,

Sunysyut siya

Jo aanqeu atp pauses] you aavy Surat] ayp ‘arp o | ‘saaostuayp ae
saqwioua asiom ,sypteim ayp yup (sw4a2 amNdsqo Aqjea1dAa ut) ppe
sioyvadsureaig] "JUaWUIIAES UMO IaYA peuos 2avy o2 Ynoud
snouinu aze pur (,21quA, MOT, 9Up atttOs Aq pay]e>) UmO 2194 Jo
aue]d jo 110s awos UL sIxa sypTeIM Ie Poy someuRYANY ay |,

*(apUNeD ayp) ‘pnosyg ay Aq paxouNsas ae Ing ‘saj>eIsqo [eUAIeUT
Jo aouvasip Aq paronayun was sisoys ‘saoejd paruney ur wo}
Jenueasqnsur awos Uo ay4e2 UdAS Aue puE ‘SaNITIge MnoUPYoYDAsd

Buons aavy "JaAamoy ‘OUOg sy passassod & Ysnomp ATU aUE|d
Jeotsdyd oyp aoaye Ayjesauad ues ang ‘sasuas jemeuodns jo oBuez
Apia e IqLYXo Aay|L 'sy>!eu aUIdg jo toys HuryaAue Aq paataoiad
oad 40 pouney aq 1oUUED pue JeNUEISsgnsUT axe syaTes,\
"ues 0) aoe] poo' v ase pauedap ay
01 1WeLIOdUH 99U0 a1 1eYp a]doad 10 s1Da{Go ey par9A0dsIp avy
Aemdue 413 01 ysnous ssajanqa 10 a1ezadsap asoy J "Uundg jo siseyy
01 ya] 1saq apesn v Say "peap ax tpi Burpeap ajrya passassod uaa
Jo paypene ‘paxoun ‘pauorsny|isip uaaq aaey syousur Suepy "494
puy nog uaya ur aq |],ays areas YM SuN]]a2 OU soy Oy SUPYOO]
‘ud9q 94,no4 Uosiad ayp 39~IUOD Nos J! UDA "198 J],NOA WeYM 10 OYA
MOU} J9A9U NOA aours ‘Bury AdueYD & st peap axp Sun se1U0D

‘puodag so] aaareyM Woy AreMOULS 99s
10 yueg Uo ssaursng sap dn ystuy o9 An Aoyp ‘oxy "eruUDy|TU
Jo} Sau atHOS ‘oquIT] UE UTeMIAE Kay IU Yons aue stoIssed sy L
apipioye ue pure ajt] Uaaaiag yams awtOI9q aaey OYM ajdoad peop
aue ‘super JO ‘sysoys IY? NOK ]J91 ULD ‘aAIMOY ‘pOAUDpUA

dYp YIN qULsI9AUOD syJo} ASO "PHM ou Jo suds ayp puE
peap ayp jo siurds ay uaaaiag aouaraytp ou aas soseu oWog

Prod SSo}{S9Z PY_L ‘S}SOYD

"esi eu ‘91 anu
svy 9u0 ou ‘sBuraq ppo asayp rat Apauiodas aaey eiquiq daag ayy
ursiojoaen Auew ysnoy f -99eds wo suatfe [e191] aq Ae sanNUD
snovaiskuy asaya ‘oueasqns uey (psu WOW :UON'] BY «

[4 OM auO ON "WAT INoge s1DKy prey,

pauney Ajjeoisdyd aq ues Soup ‘sitstds
ayyup ‘siamod qurdg uMo nay YBnomp equIE ay spuEM 10
stujeayy aloyp woay yuseg 02 Apap ssed sayat9 AdY | "stuyeay pea
-eu Woy sButag jENUEISqns A]]eoIshyg :saaMqwaI_ WILY «

-qparskyd Aqjensn ore gay jen3iq] ap Jo SiuapIsay "stordavag
uids se sojrueur sidaouod o1ypAuw jnpomod owos yZnoyye ‘sBuIaq

Jeotsdyd Ajjensn are Adyy -pouownuns so y>rseut autdg ysnonp
payues.aq asnuu siay20 apt yn ‘tamod Umo AYP HO Jaen awtOg "ye
uo passorddns auesaq yoisew uaya aeiquiA) ay O1UT Uayer a1
40 pay Oya soamvaio [UDIey +(S9UOBAG) siskag OMPAW «
"yonoa
Aayp a9aaqeyas adnuzo9 pue ajdoad pur si2afqo ssassod 01 aa] Ay
aueg «
sBuryp Surat] 40 syuawa]>

‘sBurya TueUs!EUT are saiads asaya ‘suoWap a1]

‘sadoouoo Ajuosiad oya ‘suorurpy ajduns 01 sp107 [npamod wos
‘sSutaq peroutoyda jo Avue Supsseis y ssonpug widg «

(181g saidey ,,‘xopereg,, 29g) ‘sueay UMO
Aap aavy ssoyso ajryar ‘Ajsnoaueiuods aieiauad aug "payruos
-tod 1e9j Woy poreaio sButag jerswaydy :suatdg xopeseg «

CN

~ramod umo say
aapun sraueg ays ssoud 02 ayqeun sannue [eLsauareXxe UdyO
are sapioy uoUlap Jaiea8 ay] "ye Uo azterAIeyy ued suoWIAp
sqeaquig, yS1P] 40 ‘jens "aime pe1owayda awos avy YaArMoYy
"uayp Jo [Je {ure199 st asa afar] ‘@anonasep pur [1Aa are
qwy? aa18e souOaYs IOP :SaPIO]{ UOWAG] pue sUOUIAG,

uoWOp

*(uoReULIOFUT 910 Joy UOIAINGG AY,
24ygmp44y 998) 1894 [CUYJ 119U]I 01 UO ssed I0U ]]1M 40 10ND OYM peop
ayp JO sjnos oy] +(peaq, ssapsay aya ‘syyTeIMm) sISOYD «

"puokag pur yareg ayp padeys aavy 01
ples are sSutag jniamod Apisea asayp so sumeasp ayy sofeu Aueu
Buoure uorUDIUOD Jo auOg est ,SUIIdS, asNf ]]HAs ase Asay IyIOY AA

2(-919 ‘souGQ aang ‘sonpug ‘euseDUT ‘s9UNSaIID) SPOD «

FpnjsUt poosquip) Jo sadda UMoUY aUIOg
"sppoauayag ayp inoysnomp — parey pue — pareay st sosaydg
asayp jo Jarseyy Y "2]Ya B JOJ Y wEY |] aE ang — sayioneq
aug asnf ueyp a1owr aey 94,4043 —aUIds & |}, 3,US20p BurUTEIp
Jo pury sty] somodyyi AA S11 YIM ,oSewEp,, sya yeos Aews aystds
Vy ‘sjideu p aug "p auidg ySnomyp pouresp pur aouassaruiney
O1U! pay]Astp (ssoys jo ased oy ut ‘sndsog 40) 4amog su aavy
ues au0 Jayarg "saypio ‘saBeu jo puoj ,uare squids pur ssoyo

"aU Jo a1seA E St POOIqUIE]
ue Suryound ‘sases sow uy (a19ydg aurdg ayp ut zaYsIY Jo ¢ yULY
40 ‘poo|q ae 40 nore) suoAPeUUOD yeMIUIds SuNse] sey peo.

ayp 40 ‘sazienareyy ids ayp sayp1a ssajun poorquip, ue raye
[2 ypene pesishyd on "jeuaIeUL JaYaIo asUIESe yoIeU ay] a>]
sie (awig pur Adonuq ‘sisoys 40) 40) swag pue uIdg yo uoN
-RUIGWIOD Y ‘PoomquIE) Ue asUIESe ssajdjay st adeu v IeY ION,

avoddy 10 azieuareyy 01 asooyp Aatp ssayun
"(1 aud) ayBig ardg anoym a[qistaut are suuids [Py "Butoq
uewmny Aue se pros se age uoN'] ey SneWETU oy) pue somes

wyeay ‘souosAg fuuoy jeLAIeUL B ULEIAX poorquIA] aWIOg "eIqUIE)
ayp o1ut sassed sjasioy aseur ayp ssayun ssajasn awe aug pue
quidg wep s9ypo y>1SeU Jo suLZy sow pu ‘(MoJaq "MALY azyE
-1aayep yp aas) WO} pIjos UO UdyEI sey daIds ayp ssayUN ANY
pur aj] 01 sunuTU st yea ‘Sur owes ap ATPEHUAssa ae YIOq

‘sunz9] owes Uy "wsyjJo199 — Woy IUDIOYIP APLYBI]s & Pjoy ‘pom
-19PUP] PYp Jo peac] ssapsay yp ‘sIsOYH "sppoAY PBIqUIE] aya Jo
Jeuareur oyp ‘viswayda jo opeur sButaq se pauyap are swstdg

"suryp snopiaashut aq or
quvaw age siitd

UuIJapIns asayp or suoNndadxa AueUL aq PyNoys
a1ayp ing ‘mojaq sajna prey Aaj e pazayo a,aA\ ‘poosquug) ayp yA
Suyyeap uoym ajqissod se 4]a9yj se suoTeU!seUN Jay asn 02 pastape
aue sadnoay,

pure a10]¥]0J ‘s}91]9q snorStJ94 ‘saouaLIadxa Jeuosiad Yam YBnomyp

ainqua asayp anoge siomsue prey Maj 19Y0 ‘9>1pnfa1d

1OYs ‘sae dy2 Ao payidwos aio] pur soper ay "[]e9 spew
qiidg s9msue ]]1a\ sow pue ‘aU LOYs v.10} WHO} feLOIeUT oye ED
uioyp Jo Aueyy ‘sitds auo34g Surzapuem aup pue suowap ‘sisoys
op se Y]Iq skp ay sppomstpE stp jo sUNgeYUL asoyy "ow
ayp []e 4eyoue JO puPy aUO Jo poor) JaIUNODUA saseyy

"ype ae aouiaISTxa stay aSpapmouy>e 01 sasooy>
YW UayM ,suatfe,, SBuIaq_ Yons s]je9 AoeID0UYDa] oy? SsawEU jo
Aqauzea SuLapytaiag e Ag suaztuap Jesquiy) 02 1994 SUONIey DISA
DULL {palom Buryrautos asnf 40 aids jnpramod e ‘pod e poorquiry
ue si :suondunsip inoge andre saBeur Aueyy "sBulaq AppHoMaPC

jo MaueA ay Jo} uuA1 peIOUaT ke st poouqMi WHIAI ay,
(-sprexap aoypany 405 ,sppromsayIO ay.,, Os[e 29g)

poo.iquaQ


AES

NG 4

PS Phillips

The Ascension

Mythic Beasts

The mythic remnants, scattered survivors of the Mythic Age,
are allies or servants of many Marauders. Sometimes summoned,
sometimes simply invited, they cross the Gauntlet from the
Umbra to wild and isolated places on Earth. Without Quintes-
sence to sustain them, these monsters die of Unbelief within hours

or days. However, in that time they may do great damage.

These creatures represent a complex problem for the Tradi-

tions. Some, such as manticoras, are mere animals and should be

returned to the Umbra with due mercy, like endangered (if
dangerous) species. Other Remnants are sapient beings with their
own powers, agendas, memories and dislikes. Jigme Doriji, a mag
of the Akashic Brotherhood, offended such a creature, an Upland
Yeti or "Abominable Snowman," duringa battle in the Himalayas.
He lived to regret this when he later encountered the reformed
Yeti in the Near Umbra

Such Bygones often exist in a demi-spiritual form. They are

not ephemeral, but must have a suitable host body prepared to enter
the physical world unless the Gauntlet is torn open. The more
powerful varieties come and go under their own power, stepping
sideways like werewolves. Either type must penetrate the Gauntlet

and survive the rigors of our now-hostile Earth to emerge, and most
don't consider the trip worth the trouble. Generally, the larger and
more outlandish the creature, the harder the excursion will be
Magickal creatures must consume mystick energy (i.e., Quin
tessence) to survive in any but the most isolated places. They may
eat Tass, channel raw Prime Force or absorb a host's energies, but
they must feed to live. Such thaumivores — which include
familiars—will leave ordie if they aren't fed somehow. Even when

well-fed, too much exposure to Sleepers will hurt and frighten a
mythic beast. The weight of Unbelief (see "Paradox," Chapter
Eight) is strongest in cities, weaker in rural areas and weak to non
existent in deep wildernesses and Horizon Realms (where such
creatures often dwell).

The Technocracy has its own answers to mythic remnants
custom-built bio-horrors born in Progenitor labs or Iteration X flesh
refineries. These creatures, with the exception of the mysterious
pattern spiders (see Appendix) have material, not epheme
substance. In extreme circumstances, the Union calls out the he

artillery and sics such creatures on its enemies. This is almost never
done where Sleepers can view the disruption in progress, but any

witnesses are quickly hunted, brainwashed or eliminated.

Spirits: The Masks of Gods

"Spirit" is an easy label stuck on a dizzying variety of entities
Even Nichodemus Mulhouse, Grand Archivist of Horizon Chantry,
would be hard-pressed toname themall. Their general ranks range
from the "greater entities" — Gods and Celestines, if there's a
difference at all — to the
Minions, elementals, naturae, Banes and such. There are more

lesser powers" — Lords, Preceptors,

proper names for these spirits than any book could list

Dealing with true spirits is odd; as Deacon Maria D'Amicci
once said, "Spirits wear the masks we give them." What this
Master of the Spirit World meant is that we often see what we
expect when dealing with spirits. Not that they don't have their

own identities — most embody some single concept or element

humans understand.
often see the same spirit in different ways. Most "lesser powers"

Aages who meet them face-to-face, however,

have one set form that stays fairly constant. The greater entities,
however, can be all things to all people — at once.


Say, for example, that Jennifer Rollins, Laughing Eagle and
Hitomi Jiro all meet a trickster Umbrood. While Laughing Eagle
may see the infamous Coyote, Hitomi Jiro might confer with a
baku whose shifting form betrays the folly of certainty. Jennifer,
meanwhile, notices a small madman witha teapot, a large hat and
an English accent. Each mage sees the same spirit; it will even talk
to each of them, simultaneously, they way they expect it to. But it
remains one entity. At least, that's what some say.

Spirits are rarely what they seem to be. Even the greatest
mages do not agree about the Umbrood. Are these "Dreamers," as
some call them, products of our imagination? Or are we products
of theirs? The truth remains a mystery. As it should.

The Infernal

Experts apply the term demon to malicious Umbrood who
occasionally venture into our own space to corrupt and seduce

careless mortals. Some seem to cultivate dispair and selfishness,

while others just want to obliterate the world as we know it. Either
type is poison to a mage. Nevertheless, some sorcerers deal with
the Infernal powers in whatever form those demons take.

Alll but the weakest demonic beings appear to shift form,
name and purpose. Whether such beings are primordial elder
things, creatures of human invention or fallen Pure Ones is open
to debate. For whatever reason, such creatures seem shut off from
material reality by the Barriers and may only be summoned with
great rituals (if at all). Some un-Awakened sorcerers, often called
Diabolists, deal with the foul things and receive small powers
called Investments from them. Occasionally, mages other than
Nephandi will trap, enter bargains with or banish the Infernal.
The exact nature of such dealings is left to the Storyteller, but
should involve massive magicks, great peril and a heavy dose of
sheer terror.

For game purposes, treat demons as spirits with power to
spare, plenty of cunning and an influence which extends beyond
their simple powers. Mood, atmosphere, foreshadowing and other
tricks (see Chapter Seven) are helpful Storyteller tools if or when
demons appear.

Spirit Traits

Ephemeral Umbrood play by different rules than mortal
beings. The Traits and Charms below represent their natural
abilities and powers.

* Willpower

This allows a spirit to take actions like attacking, chasing or
flying through the Umbra. Contests of this nature between spirits
are resolved by opposed Willpower rolls.

Difficulty ‘Action
3 Easy
5 Fairly simple
6 Normal
8 Difficule
10 Virtually impossible
* Rage

This reflects a spirit's raw anger and anguish. Spirits use their
Rage to harm each other and physical beings. For each success in
a Rage roll (difficulty 6), one Health Level of damage is inflicted
on material beings, while a spirit loses one Power point.

© Gnosis

Spirits use this for any sort of Social or Mental Roll. A spirit
ina race with a mage to be the first to solve a Rubik's Cube would
roll its Gnosis while the mystick rolls his Intelligence + Enigmas.
He with the most successes wins. A Gnosis roll would also be used
when a spirit tries to intimidate, seduce or trick a target, either in
or out of the Umbra. Social Abilities like Intimidation or Seduc-
tion are added to the spirit's Gnosis if they apply.

* Power

In combat, spirits use "batteries" of mystical energy harnessed
from the Umbra and referred to as Power. Power is depleted
through special abilities and damage. When Power reaches zero,
the spirit dissipates into the Umbra fora number of hours equal to
20 minus its Gnosis. After this time, it Reforms with one Power
point to start. A mage can bind the Umbrood into a fetish if he
knows the Spirit 4 rote Create Fetish. However, the fetish will not
be usable until the spirit's power is fully recharged (see below).
Most spirits will not like the idea of becoming your Energizer
Bunny's battery; this is a sure-fire way to enrage a lot of them (who
make bad enemies...).

Spirits who have depleted their Power begin to look translu-
cent, not fully there. When Power loss comes from combat
damage, the spirit looks raggedy and torn. Spirits recharge their
Power by enteringastate called Slumber. In Slumber, an Umbrood
finds a quiet spot in the Umbra and floats there in a deep sleep. For
each hour that the spirit Slumbers, it regains one Power point.
Some mages argue over whether or not spirits dream during
Slumber, and what they dream about if they do. When a spirit is
in this state, it may be easily bound with Spirit magick, regardl
of Power or willingness. A spirit bound into a fetish automatically
enters Slumber and stays there until released. The fetish's power
is activated by the user, not the spirit. A newly created fetish will
need time to recharge to full Power before using, which can take
a long time with some of the more powerful spirits.

Tasks

* Movement

All spirits can fly or float in the Umbra. The maximum
distance (in yards) that they may move ina turn is 20 + Willpower.
However, yards and feet don't mean very much in the Umbra;
distances can warp without warning. In the Penumbra, distances
are analogous (one yard here is one yard there).

© Pursuit

A spirit trying to flee rolls its Willpower against difficulty 6.
It begins with three automatic successes because it's on home
ground. A mage who has stepped sideways rolls Dexterity +
Athletics to follow or her own Willpower if she has entered
through Mind magick. Difficulty for both rolls is 8 because she is
not on her home ground. A spirit with more than 10 successes gets
away clean. An Umbrood with the Reform Charm can dispense
with rolls to get away.

* Communication

The Umbrood speak different languages than physical beings
do. Spirit communication is not so much a language as a form of
comprehension between both parties. Not everyone can under-
stand spirits, though. The Spirit 2 effect Call Spirits is required to
speak to and understand them, unless those beings also speak
familiar human languages.

Chapter Nine: Setting Rules 237

IRN

IS ZN


7

NO Ail

Charms

Each spirit possesses special magics called Charms. These
magics requiresacertain amount of Power touse. Unless otherwise
noted, Charms last for one scene. However, a combat-related

Charm lasts for one turn per use. Because spirits are part of the

natural order and work in a predetermined way, these powers do
not invoke Paradox.

* Airt Sense: Most spirits have a natural sense of the airts
(directions) of the spirit world and are able to travel about without
much difficulty. It costs one Power to find any particular thing.

© Appear: With this Charm, a spirit can manifest to an
Earthly observer without taking on material form. It cannot,
however, affect the material world in any way while using this
Charm. A specialty of demons, who use it to taunt their victims.
Costs five Power.

© Armor: This Charm provides a spirit one soak die per
Power point spent. This is the only way a spirit can soak damage
unless it is Materialized. The spirit may use this Charm at any time
in the combat turn before damage is rolled

* Blast Flame: The spirit can blast a gout of flame at
opponents. The Power cost is two per die of damage:

* Blighted Touch: The spirit can bring out the worst in a
target. If the spirit successfully attacks, the target must immedi-
ately makea Willpower roll. Ifshe fails, her negative characteristics
dominate her personality for the next few hours. A botch on the
Willpower roll causes this "personality disorder" to become per-
manent. The Power cost is two.

Ca
some Paradox spirits. Itallows the spirit to bind a target into a static
'sown Willpower.
Each success Attributes (or
Willpower, in the case of spirits). When Attributes or Willpower

Icify: This Charm is possessed only by pattern spiders or

web. A Willpower roll is made against the targe'
subtracts one from the victim's Phys

are reduced to zero, the victim is bound fast until freed. Rescuers
must attack the web and score as many damage successes as the
pattern spider had). The Power cost is two.

© Cleanse the Blight: This Charm purges spiritual corrup-
tion in the vicinity. Power cost is 10.

* Control Electrical Systems: The spirit can exert control
overan electrical system. The spirit rolls its Gnosis (difficulty from
3 to 9 depending on the system's complexity). Power cost is from

one to five points.

© Corruption: The spirit can whisper an evil suggestion in a
target's ear; the target is inclined to act upon that thought. The
Power cost is one.

© Create Fires: By succeeding with a Gnosis roll, the spiritcan
create small fires. The difficulty varies (from 3 for small fires to 9 for
conflagrations). The Power cost varies from one to five points.

© Create Wind: The spirit can create wind effects. Power
cost varies from one for a breeze to 20 for a tornado.

* Influence: This allows an Umbrood to change the target's
mood like the Subliminal Impulse Mind rote. The Umbrood need
not speak to its target to use this Charm, and the effec
gradual than sudden. Each die of effect costs 3 Power.

© Lightning Bolts: The spirit can generate lightning bolts
and target them at opponents. The Power cost is two per die of
damage inflicted.

are more

© Materialize: A spirit with this Charm may materialize and
affect the physical world. To do so, the spirit's Gnosis must equal

238

Mage: The Ascension

. When an Umbrood Materi-
s, it must spend Power to create a physical shape and give itself

or exceed the Gauntlet for that area
aliz
bodily Traits. However, a spirit still rolls its Gnosis for Social or
Mental activities. The Power point costs are as follows:

Power Cost Trait

1 Per one Physical Attribute level
1 Per two Ability levels

1 7 Health Levels (as a mortal)

1 Per additional Health Level

‘ach extra Health Level also incre:

(

1 Per one Health Level healed

(regenerate damage to the physical form),
per three if the damage was inflicted by
Paradox backlash or Spirit magick.

1 Weaponry: Per die of aggravated damage
done in addition to Strength
(Bite is one die, Claws are two, etc.)
Umbrood have no limits on their Attribute and Ability
levels. [tis possible for them to form extremely strong or fast bodies
if they spend enough Power. Most, however, have a "prime form"
which they default to when Materializing,

Example: a Bane spirit wants to Materialize into the physical
world, the better to terrorize mortals. It wants the following
cteristics: Str 3, Dex 4, Sta 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Stealth 3 and
seven Health Levels. This costs it 16 Power points.

A spirit may stay Materialized as long as it desires, but it
cannot enter an area with a higher Gauntlet than its Gnosis.
While Materialized, the spirit may not recharge its Power unless it
has a Charm that allows it to do so. When a Materialized spirit is
attacked, damage is applied to its Health Levels. If a spirit is
reduced to zero Health Levels, it dissipates into the Umbra and
may not reuse this Charm for (20 hours minus its Gnosis).

lote that aggravated damage suffered by a spirit is applied to
Health Levels and Power. Thus, a spirit cannot always escape its
sojourn on Earth unscathed.

* Mind Speech: A spirit with this Charm can speak directly
intoasubject's mind, like the Mind 3 Telepathy rote. Cost is three

points per die.

© Possession: A demon or Bane may possess a living being or
inanimate object. Possession requires a successful Gnosis roll (dif-
ficulty of the victim's Willpower). The number of successes equals
the speed with which possession occurs; refer to the chart below:

Time Taken

Successes

1 six hours

2 three hours

3 one hour

4 15 minutes

5: five minutes
6+ instantaneous

During the time it takes to possess its victim, the spirie will find
a dark, isolated part of the Umbra and remain there, concentrating
on the possession. During this time, the spirit can take no other
action. If it engages in spirit combat, the possessive link is broken.
Possessing spirits are often guarded by others of their kind to ensure
that the possession process remains undisturbed.

© Reform: This Charm allows a spirit to dissipate and Re-
form somewhere else in the Umbra, usually far away from its
enemies. This costs 20 Power.


© Shapeshift: The spirit may take the form of anything it
desires. It does not gain the powers or abilities of its new shape,
only the form and visage. The Power cost is five

© Short Out: The spirit can cause electrical systems to short
out (Gnosis; difficulty 6). The Power cost is three.

* Solidify Reality: This Charm is possessed only by
Technomancer-allied spirits. [tenables thatspirit to spin a pattern
web, thus reinforcing the laws and rule This
power requires only a Willpower roll. The spirit could, with a
successfull enough roll, make a spiritual wall so solid t
not be bypassed. The difficulty is determined by the extent of the

of static reality

it could

solidification and how interesting, sensible and clever the descrip-
tion of the action is. The number of successes obtained determines

0,

how much solidifying is allowed. Power cost ranges from one to 2
depending on the magnitude of the feat

Success makes the object or spirit more solid. An object's
effective "Health Levels" are increased by one per
effect lasts for about a day. Each spirit can make only one roll for

success. The

each object.

* Spirit Away: The dreaded power of the worst Paradox spirits
and demons. With this Charm, a human may be snatched from the
material world and taken straight to an Umbral Realm. If the
Umbrood scores four or more successes with a Willpower roll (diffi
culty 7), the mortal passes through the Gauntlet and into the spirit's
personal Realm. He does not pass "Go," does not collect $200 and
goes directly to Hell (or wherever). He may then try to escape —if he
can... This costs 25 Power and takes the spirit along with its target.

© Tracking: The spirit can unerringly track its prey. Power
cost is five.

The Otherworlds

While I stood there, I saw more that I can tell, and I
understood more than I saw; for I was seeing in a
sacred manner the shapes of all things in the spirit, and
the shape ofall shapes as they must live together like one
being
— Black Elk, Black Elk Speaks

Mages travel throughout many worlds. The
differences between the different Realms can be
found in Chapter One. This section explain the
practical aspects to

in the Otherworlds.

The Ombral Worlds

We have such sights to show you

m

— Pinhead, Hellbound

Most mages who study the Umbra agree that it has three
Worlds, or layers, under the single nebulous title — the Upper
World or Astral Umbra (also called the High Umbra), the Middle
or Spirit World and the Underworld or Dark Umbra (sometimes
referred to as the Lower Umbra). The Umbra is still mostly
unknown to mages, and labels are more like a means of under-
standing an area's nature than its actual location. Some have tried
to physically map out the Umbra and called it an exercise in
frustration. The Three Worlds may be seen as locations, reflec-
tions of the material world (or vice versa), states of mind, soul and
body, or none of the above

While the Astral Umbra is largely the province of mages,
some have ventured into the other Worlds, although this is
difficult. Passing the invisible boundaries between the different

paradigms of the Three Worlds requires a change in consciousness
and a willingness to accept and understand the differing world-
laws of each. A high Cosmology rating is always helpful to break
down the barriers of preconception.

The Umbrae may never have been mapped, but mage travel-
ers and scholars have noted certain constant aspects which are
about as good as landmarks:

© The Periphery: This is where the spirit world can be felt
faintly in reality. Even Sleepers can touch this part in dreams. It's
more a state of being than a location.

© The Gauntlet: The barrier between the physical and spirit
worlds.

¢ The Penumbra: A shadowy reflection of our own world,
where things take on their true "nature": a drug-house, for example,
might look like the chambers of the Cenobites, filled with halluci-

nations and monstrous spiritual reflections of addicts.
© The Near Umbra: This extends from the Penumbra into
the Realms of the Three Worlds. Here, Umbrood domains and

spirit Realms can be found. Realms themselves are "places" where
Umbral reality has
Earth, magickal patterning ot the will of an Umbrood.

© The Horizon (The Membrane or the Great Barrier): The
dividing line between the Deep and Near Umbrae, where Horizon
Realms are located

* The Deep Umbra (Etherspace or the Deep Universe):
Extends ad infinitum beyond the Horizon. Shard and Paradox
Realms spin in a vast, cosmic void. This outer edge of the spirit
world is the province of Nephandi and Marauders (and some say,
other things...)

non a set form because of an event on

© The Zones: Places which permeate all Three Worlds and
transcend boundaries, like the Digital Web, Mirror Zone, Dream
Realms and others unnamed. These do not truly belong to any one
layer, but seem to drift between them.

Realm Types

Many "solid" realities exist within the spirit world. These
places often have their own natural laws, climate and sometimes
inhabitants. The form a sorcerer's magick takes will often deter
mine whether or not that Effect is coincidental or vulgar — a
mystick grove will "consider" technomagick a violation of its
tic Construct will punish

internal reality, whereas a Technoc!

users of more "impossible" Arts.

© Shade Realms are wormhole "shadows alms

along the Horizon.

" of greater Ri

¢ Shard Realms reflect the other planets in the solar system,
and, it is said, the nine elements (Spheres) of earthly magick.

* Horizon Realms are constructed through deliberate acts of
magick, which create custom-built worlds.

© Paradox Realms imprison mages who rend the Tapestry.
Some such Realms teach lessons; others simply remove the of-
fender forever.

¢ Dream Realms (actually Zones) embody the endless dreams
and fictions, giving them some brief reality of their own.

Chapter Nine: Setting Rules 239

ID.

Y

G2

4


The High Ombra

Most mages naturally gravitate towards this place of ideas
incarnate. Among the strange entities encountered here are living
concepts — spiritual beings that represent ideas and thoughts
The Umbral Realms here include the heavens and hells formed
through the collective unconscious. While true afterlives are said
to reside in the Underworld, many who've embraced intellectual
instead of spiritual concepts end up here. Bargains or pacts are the
most common ways for many to arrive, but a few rare mortals who
travel astrally oradvance their states to higher enlightenment pass
into these Realms, sometimes without meaning to.

Spirits of this Umbra range from malice or virtue incarnate
(demons and angels to laymen) to abstract designs able to commu-
nicate telepathically. The person viewing the spirit has more todo
with how the spirit is perceived than the spirit itself does (a fairly
constant idea when dealing with the Umbra). Ifa mage expects to
see a certain, small, fuzzy frog as the manifestation of the concept
green, then that's what she'll see.

The Middle Ombra

Almost every Awakened being (with the right Spirit rating)
can enter the Spirit World. It is a birthright as basic as sight or
language. However, this ability is almost always wiped out through
societal conditioning, sometimes so much so that even the Awak-
ened have trouble regaining it. Dreamspeakers, Verbena and
mages of Primordial Essence seem to have the easiest time entering
the Spirit World

The Realms here reflect dreams and nightmares at their most
potent. Those traveling here must deal with different beings —
animal and plant spirits, lunar spirits, elementals and Banes
Werewolves often travel here, and a Garou Theurge makes a very

SS

LS

4
Y)
4

good guide.

This World offers a true reflection of material nature. Those
attuned to the cycle of life will find their way here. The landscape
is more primal and sensual here than in the cerebral High Umbra
and far more so than in material reality. Sights, sounds, colors and
sensations are all more vivid and intense than anywhere else
within the scope of experience.

The Low Ombra

No one enters the Dark Umbra unless they're dead... orhave
a death-wish. Of course, mages can find loopholes and concoct
exceptions to every law, and some venture into the Deadlands
while still alive with every intention of returning. Of those who
have dared, the price has been very high indeed. Some have gone
insane or have had their souls ripped from their bodies by the
vengeful dead. Only the Euthanatos, some Nephandi and a hand-
ful of Dreamspeakers know anything about this World. All the rest
are advised to stay out and have no truck with the dead.

The Euthanatos send their initiates on a brief trip into the
Deadlands, where the Restless Dead try to speak to them or harvest
their souls. Some never return, but those who do tell of a decayed,
twilight half-world and the ghosts who dread the great tempest of
the Unmaking through which souls are reincarnated.

240 Mage: The Ascension

Ye


The Near Ombra

This is the spiritual reflection of Earth, where forms appear
more like their "true" selves. Each traveler in the Umbra experi-

ences it in his own way, his perceptions coloring his experience
(remember the frog in the High Umbra). A toxic waste dump
becomes even more nightmarish, with horrible insects and mutant
snuffling through piles of filth. An untouched spot of

animals
forest, in contrast, looks even more beautiful and peaceful than it
appears in the physical world. The thinner the Gauntlet, the more
closely the Umbra and physical world resemble each othe

Only Awakened items, containing raw Quintessence, carry
the same form in the Umbra. This includes Talismans or areas
touched by magick or colored by some strong emotional signifi-
cance. Such Prime energy sparkles in the object's patterns, and
various mages see this pattern differently, whether as glowing
web

, spirit flames, graph-lines or any number of things

Items in the Umbra and physical world affect each other. Ifa
physical change is made in the physical world, that place or
object's spiritual nature in the Umbra may change. A vacant lot
filled with junk and graffiti renovated into an urban garden by a
group of children will take on new spiritual changes. In the Umbra,

the same place might change from a shadowy plot infested with
weeds and poisonous snakes to a sunlit spot filled with luxuriant
flowers and singing birds.

If the spiritual nature of a place changes in the Umbra, the
Storyteller must decide how that place's physical counterpart alters
in return. Spirit magick affects everything in the Umbra, even
things that some might not recognize as spirits. Many mages,
especially Dreamspeakers, believe that the Umbra and the physical
world are intertwined, unable to exist without the other. Each gives
form to a place's meaning and meaning to a place's location.

The Deep Ombra

The Deep Umbra is a mystery to most mages and a dangerous
one at that. Few Tradition mages venture here and live to tell the
tale, While some Sons of Ether and Void Engineers build vessels to
plumb this space, they're often reluctant to reveal what they've
found, Many return from these trips changed in some indescribable

way. Perhaps the Nephandi or their nightmarish masters corrupt
them. Or perhaps the secrets of the Deep Umbra are too great (or
too terrible) for any mind, even a mage's, to comprehend

Travelin the Ombra

Travel is more a matter of intent than distance or physical
movement. A mage walks into the Umbral mists and (hopefully)
arrives where he wants to be by taking one of the paths through the
mists. Many of these are often guarded by spirits and can be
hazardous to travel.

Mages can find their way to the High Umbra fairly easily by
dint of their dynamic natures and inquisitive minds. Primordial
mages, wise in nature, can pass into the natural Realms. As a rule,
only the dead may venture into the Deadlands, but as most have
seen, there are exceptions to that rule.

Most Technomancersare tied too strongly to the physical world
to be much good at Umbral travel (when they venture there at all).
Any mage without some knowledge of Cosmology or the Spirit
Sphere can become utterly lost in the mists. On the other hand,
Adepts and Masters of Spirit practically glow like beacons with their
knowledge (though advertising is not necessarily a good thing)

Chapter Nine: Setting Rules

241


Y

LESS

NO Ail

Ombral Rules

Visitation, Magick and Travel

There are many ways to cross the Gauntlet: portals and Gates
allow direct access to Horizon Realms. Most mages, however, pass
into the Spirit World by using either Spirit magick (ranks 3 and 4,
which allow them to step through the Gauntlet) or the Mind 5
Effect Untether (which sends a mage's mind into the Astral
Umbra). Some Nodes have what's called a "shallowing" effect,
which sweeps even mundane people into the Near Umbra under
the right circumstances. This effect, however, is chancy at best.

Magick is always coincidental in the Near Umbra, and time

passes strangely. Correspondence Arts will not move a mage into
the Spirit World, but can shift her perceptions (and perhaps her
body) around the Umbra if she's already there, assuming she has a
high Cosmology rating. Time and Forces Effects behave oddly here,
and all difficulties are +1 level higher. Life and Matter Artsare hard

The Di

to use, as most things in the spirit world are made of ephemera, not
solid matter or tissue. Prime is a bre

e, however; rich sources of
Quintessence are obvious even without using sensing magicks
Once in the Umbra, direction and distance are pretty much a
matter of intentand belief —a traveler thinks about where she wishes
to go and simply w:
finding one's way around the Umbrae; traveling without it is like
venturing out without a compass, though getting lost in the Umbra is

s until she gets there. Cosmology is essential to

much more dangerous. Navigating requires a Wits + Cosmology roll,
difficulties ranging from 5 to 10. Ithelps if the mage has a guide or has
been to her destination before. A botch can be potentially fatal. What
happens to mortals lost in the Umbra? Brerr.

Those who physically enter the Umbrae can use any magick or
take any action they desire, if the circumstances permit (see "Um-
bral Combat" in Chapter Ten.). Astral travelers are limited to
mental actions and tasks. Magick used this way must function

through a mental bond.

ital Web

The Web, also called the Net, is a conceptual
universe created entirely from the will of the en-
lightened. In Umbral terms, this Web is one of the
odd "Zones" that drift between the Three Worlds
It has no physical manifestation and exists only in
the minds of mages as pulses of light, electron
highways, high-tech computers, filaments of
magickal energy or solid "sector Realms."

Much of this world is formatted into sectors.
Those strands of magickal energy as yet unformed
are called Virgin Web. Some say that they connect all forms of
high-tech electronics. A mage accesses this world from a
and projects his consciousness into the Web-world. If he has
enough knowledge and power, he can pattern Virgin Web with his
own thoughts and invite others into the area he has patterned. The
resultisa shared reality subject to the patterning mage's world laws.

Some mages create worlds to entertain in grand style, like
aviaries, gardens or amusement parks. Others build virtual librar-
ies to house the masses of information at their fingertips or make
workshops where they can practice their magick relatively free
from Paradox. Some use the Web for darker purposes, creating
torture chambers and dungeons to imprison the abducted con-
s of enemies.

computer

sciousne:

The Web is not a physically "real" place, but exists as a portion
of raw potentiality locked into place. Many mages consider the
Web to be the heir of the fabled Mount Qaf of the Ahl-i-Batin, an
early form of shared reality. Virtual Adepts tinkering with VR
sought to prove the existence of such a Realm. They learned to
project human consciousness into the non-space of virtual energy
thought to make up Mount Qaf. The untapped potentiality gave
their visions a magickal "reality" somewhere between the inner
sensory world of virtual reality and the outer world of physical
reality. The result is the Web's own "virtual" reality.

All Traditions can be found in the Web, albeit some more
than others. Two factions — Virtual Adepts and the Technocracy
Conventions — predominate, while Marauders and Nephandi
hover around the edges, looking for ways to get in. The Digital Web
is unknown to Sleepers, though some visit its edges with standard

242 Mage: The Ascension

computers and regular VR. Here, the tug-of-war for reality between
Tradition and Technocracy is unusually fierce. Even the most primi-
tive VR pushes the boundaries of Sle
where thought becomes reality, and static reality is sliding because of

per belief with the idea ofa world

it, much to the Technocrats' collective horror.

Surfing the Net

There are three means to access the Web, detailed below. Most

visitors and residents interact on-line through magickal icons (also
below). Like anything else, though, the Net is fraught with peril.
Some of it starts the minute a mage plugs in his goggles.

Sensory Accessing
This is routinely used by mages unfamiliar with the Net. Almost

all you need is a set of VR goggles
ctile feedback. This is often called

s VR in this way

anyone can ace
and some electrodes for ta

telepresence. Accessing this way is somewhat limiting. Since a mage
is not actually in the Net, wielding magick is like picking up an egg
clicate, painstaking and not
to be done in an emergency. Magick difficulties increase by +2 for

with a remote-controlled robot arm —

anyone using this form of access.

Equipment types really don't matter, but different mages have
their personal favorites. Virtual Adepts use VR goggles that look like

dark sunglasses. Electrodes along the brow convey sensory images.

Some also use body suits to complete the sensory experience. Itera-

tion X'ers prefer to use the latest technology available, regardless of
the danger. Their particular VR goggles were only recently devel-
oped: a special projector projects the images directly onto the back
of the user's retina, while electrodes along the sides transfer sensory

data into the brain. Some Adepts have discovered that a little

reprogramming anda good blast of Force magick will destroy the eyes

of anyone using these types of goggles

Sensory access is available to Sleepers, although they think
they're only seeing a really cool simulation. All a mage needs to start
is a good, Net-capable computer. VA's make a simple, personal
computer-compatible VR set available to any Tradition mage who
wants to help spread the word about the Web.


Astrallmmersion

Once thi experiences an alternate world, that world
takes on reality for him and he can re-enter it as often as he likes.

The mage must first access the Web via Computer (Intelligence +

Computer, three successes, difficulty 7), then use the Correspon-
dence

fect Correspondence Sensing to translate his consciousness

from the physical world into that of the Web. The mage is literally

fooled into believing he is in the Net. The effect is an illusion, but

the belief is all that's needed for the mage to astrally project into

the Net without access to the Untether Mind Effect. The mage's

mind is no longer in his body, the computer or the physical world
it is in the world of the Web.

With Astral Immersion, the worlds of VR come into sudden,
breathtaking focus. The mage initiates direct, consciousness-to
consciousness with the Net, and all of his senses, including his
magickal ones, are inundated with information moving at the
speed of a super-conductor. The sensory overload makes conven
tional VR seem anemic by comparison, like comparing Edison's
Frankenstein to Cameron's Terminator II. The mage finds he has
control over this new world because the magickal energy of
unpatterned Web is highly responsive to thoughts. Mages who
enter the Web astrally can pattern Virgin Web by will alone and
can manipulate other created Realms within the parameters of the
world-laws

The major drawback to this is that the user's body is vulner-
able to physical threats while his mind is in the Net. Obviously, a
very safe haven from which to operate is essential. Some invest in
high-tech security and bodyguards, though few Net Runners have
that much disposable income. Some voyagers who cannot afford
expensive systems have learned to set a bu

glar alarm to discon-
nect the power to the goggles if the alarm is tripped

who accesses the Web this
way. Any damage is dealt only to the mage's icon programs. One of

It's very hard to kill or harm a may

the few ways to hurt someone accessing this way is through lethal
feedback (or LF
pattern in the sensory data going into the u:
very difficult, and only m
body and its nerve impulses work can produce and use it. The effect

, an Effect created by setting up an interference
er's electrodes. This is

es who understand the way the human

of such an attack is not unlike a severe night terror; the victim
cannot move or speak, and the "fight or flight" instinct becomes so
intense that the victim either faints or has a heart attack. It usually
takes 10 to 15 Health Levels of feedback to seriously maim or kill.
This rote uses Life 3, Forces 2 and Prime 2

Sensory visitation and astra
physical, experiences. A mi
ngth with Intelligence and his Dexterity with his Wits. Only
Stamina remains constant when projecting into the Net

immersion are both mental, not
using either access replaces his

Holistic Immersion

This process allows a mage to actually transform her body into
pure information and download herself into the Net. A powerful
computer is necessary for this magick because the human body

becomes a lot of information when digitized (see "Trinary Com-
puters," below). The procedure takes less than minute, but during

that time, the mage is completely vulnerable. Interruptions can

permanently harm a mage attempting to enter the Net this way
This form is slightly more dangerous than iconization.

AAA

=
=
=
k4
=
i=

Chapter Nine: Setting Rules 243

4


saajoaut ose SuNpep] (-XIg sardeyD ,‘sanpepadg,, ag) -19n12q
20} [aaa] 2e BuLyoepy UI aztpeisads Aout siqDeTeY> puk |]!Y4g 1INdwoD
ayp saunbay Supjsepy "Auedwos e Surdduo uaaa so aweyurew e Sut
-Aonsop ‘eiep Suljeaas ‘stuarsfs say20 OUT SuPyeaq — AaUNdas warsis
Joanduroo sarejora Yoryar uoRde Aue or stajar,SuPpIeY,, WAI DY |

Supper]

wiaq Suumbar ‘gy pue g uaaaioq aduez
1 OL pue g 1
Yyos xa[duro>

"sassaoons (| 01 AY Ud
Pinoys sanjnoysp pue ‘uose papuarxa ue st aed
Burusisop ‘[e1ouas uy ‘swesSoid asuayap Surjoey pue ,Sunpey,,
Jo ‘sotaap Aqndas Jo UdWdinbs jo UNeaNse pue SuLOMUOU
‘suone[noje> dy! IUAIDs 10} pausisap suresZoad pu sopnjout azemayjos
xa]dwoz ‘Burjnpayps 40 Burssad01d prom ‘Buros erep :sysea ajduris
unoyiad ay? sueaZord Aue apnjout pjnom usisap areauyos o18eg
‘agyperdioag ayp 01 dh st stayjipour asayp Jo y>ea Jo 1299 19eXI YL
"AyNoyIp sitp JMO] pjnod pur djay Aew sioquayy 10 sioWUTEAOId
Jdtp10 Wo4y dTAPY *(s[[O4 papuarxa YIM "g 02 g Woy) UAYEI aU JO
JuNoUre pu ‘ozemprey ayqepteak ‘axeAuyos AKU DY Jo Ar1xa]duuo9 aya
uo Surpuadap sates AynoyyIp sys" OY | "OAeALYYOS UMO AOU UBISAP
0} adwane ues om 49A0 |]P{g JoINdwWOD we YUN sIOIDeIeYD

UuSISOg BIRM}LOS

"suyuuns we:

Bord v 198 02 asnf pasnbas
sassagons ajdiyjnus tain ‘Q] 40 g — snopuaisoy aq pjnoys 4an9
Yip 94 Ang ‘AYO adUaBtJarUy 194 SuyJor Aq saINdutoD e asn or
42) ued ao1Aou Je101 y "sureaZord Jo sadAa asoyp YIM poured Ayqe

-qord ays ‘siondwioo anoge Suryadue smouy Jox9eEYD ap JI "219
‘sureaSoad row ‘saayspeaids ‘Sutssodoad prom swressosd uownwo>
e Bu

Hn sapnyour asn sainduros s1seg "31 Bursurm asnf st pue
wea] a8pa|Mouy soINdwog oy sxx] JrDeILYD ayp ssapUN "Jor e
sauinbar Ajases asn a1seg "saindwo jeuwo0U e asn ues aUOKUY

9POD 9Y,L

UoIsuadsy ay] ade yy $b7

"JPAI] MOU L 01 T/A UOISUADSY aYR SarE2
a4, at ut uondo pap sy aaey yorya asoup
‘siainduoo Areuny jo wawdopaaap ay ,:9qdeu., pue sassani
‘sanypiqissod uo paseq suorsioap Suryeut jo ajqedeo sauryoew asn
sadopy Jena, ‘Bupyew uoisidap Jo ]2A9] JJo-0-UO OU, 10 ,S94,, &
Yo 310m soUTYDEUI INO aptY,A\ "SHOYDUNID Jaquinu ayduris no puo'
YY YaAaMOY SYoISeuMoUYsa |, "ABojoUydar 19d99]5
puepuras ozian ae uoNeUoJUr ayy Oru! saouRApE asoyL,
"2]4RIND[LUT st pom ano Uo s1a;NdwoD Jo
ded jeio1 ay "wap INOYN aatains Pinos UoNeIOds09 sofeU
ON ‘suiaisks oNesTUNWTWOD Ino puE staIsks Uodeam JUEIOdWT
JsOU! Ano ‘syueq Ino UNA sI9INdWIOT *A

‘uonsanb ,0u,, 10 ,

-aq paouear

noauEyUEIsUT Ava B94
-A1aao e2ep Jo sadaid Jo suoH]TU saysueEN sandurod ‘19420 ay 01

P}Om ayp Jo apis uO Wo4y Jaa" 0 syUOU Lada JO SY99M 94101
pasn adessour e skarayas ‘ppm sno yunays sey saIndutos ay_f "9uo
40 Janduio> [euosiad & aAky PHO [eLAsNpUT WopoUl ay
UF spjoyasnoy jo Aaofew y "pyoM ano pue 4291908 >
jeuswnuow v pey

oss:

No UO 39

| Jaindwos ayp ‘uonuaaut si aug

siojndwio'y

*sJo01 yue0dunt asayp 10} sourapins
a1seq A]uO 1aYJo moJ9q paruasoid suraIshs YL
$9 sj1eur ureqU09 pue

sway? UryatA 9ou9 9
ae aUOBA & WoY sIOAOP]OY ade ‘saysiaay pure sue y
-SYEL AY ‘SPO "PHOM sppushur wapow oyp barn
jo ued ajqedessaur ue wo pue 190} ajduns wey ()
D10Ur sey axe ‘sraINdwioD ayy] ‘suidM auIOg "UOTE
say a1otp uo puadap sAeaye ou op saseyy

saypnig zaduing WYN —

jstaduyf poap (

pjo> Ku wouf 1 Kad nok usy unB Kut any uv2 no,

IIMOd JO SUID]]

sway Ajuapt aya sopoo aaey qa, aya UII
sannua pue sweasoid |FY "uoo! 19y 40 sty UIPIM apo> Woned
dup Aq aqeysuopr sowosaq qa; 242 sud OY Apoqduy
PapuawUoras JOU stares sup Suryseas,
"Aured sip our 198 2,uom NOK ‘peaypeag] B 2¥!] Yoo] astAUDYIO
40 anys peag & Burzeam ‘a4p-a11 UL SI UOT ANOA ssa[UA) "14929009
peag [ryorwy & jo W]Eay IUTENSUOD v o189I9 01 Papldap OURD]OA,
"aq 1eyp Avg "]]e Iw UL 298 a,Uop Aayp 40 ButsdIUD d10Jaq 1x91U09
ati 01 aretidoidde aq asnur suost [jy ‘sowes pue ung 10) sito
‘Aquun9as 10} awos ‘eadde ued ey suOD! Jo sada ayp ANU] s1919uU

-ed ay a1oym suyeay JuTENsUOD paiwa1d aaey sy 2WOg
"Auoyd @ Yat Surpeap a4 4oy2 Udy [aaa] 2antnaU! UL UO MOU,
asnf saeut Auepy *Adoo & pur wod! ann, e Udaaag asuaLayIp ay
[91 we aouassaquIng; asuag 10 ayr] asuag "1S0] UDDq sey AUDIpoIsUT
JeUasso Ue ang ‘owes oy? Was Ady] — JeUsIs Sojeue UL SuIpeas
sapiorad [ENsIp e ay] Adoo Aatp ing ‘pados aq ue> suod! y>13Eyy
~uosiod atp MoUy Ajpenase OYA asoup SUI[O} A]NIYFIp aaey [],94s.1Nq
‘ouuNY IN JaYZOUR Jo WO} aU atuNsse O1 An MRD oBeU ay

*(q]o2 ay BuLnp
apeut nod sassadons AUBUI MOY UO Paseg a109s aouEIRaddy InoK
aster pjnom ‘ajdurexa 40] ‘uod! URWIOM URIS y3) UOD! ay UO Sut
-puadap (194219 Uo ¢ Jo wNWIXeUL) [Jor laIndwod + UonE|Ndiueyy,

ay) Uo sassazons 02 jenba stop Jo saquinu e Aq pastes aq Aew UO
-eplwnuy puv aduereaddy ‘sireay a3ueyp rou op sadvys paunsse
4dAaMmo} "UeUION UEISY [Ny]INeAg e 40 JapULUULZES aN]q v.19yIOyA
‘sauisop ays uod! Aue Sursooy> pue saindwos + uonepndiueyy
Suyjjoa Aq aouesvadde say afueyp ue aBew v ‘ga, ayp U

‘ypkad Jo INO OU ANg AINdYIp st UOHRIAAq "s9oe]a0Ys panun 40
sasse]3 ayp 01 umop ‘Apog jeaIsKyd s,aSeui aya 941] sYoo] adope.o2 UO!
asaisea ay | "opistt 99U0 Jex21SeuL 10U St JJ9s11 LOIIWAID VOD! 199444
Jeyoideur ev saambar qaqy ay Surssoooe apy \ "uoNde papuarxa
ue se aUOP UAYO say ‘sassaoons a1oU! 10 No} YIM ‘g AY[NYIP
‘uaindwog) + asuasijaruy jo Jor B sarmbar uonwa19 uoD]

stuvaSoid jey>1Sew xajdwo> yBnosyp jjasumry jo uot jeuoIsuaUNIp
-doay2 & Bureaid ‘qo,X\ ay U! WO} Aue aUINsse UeD aseU YW

suod]

‘souo eauayy Mo] pue
sainquny JeoIskyg YBtYy YatA raideseYp v 10} apo Uv _aq ued YOY
2 OY UI sHAYZO Yat IoEIATUT AT]eTsAYd ULD oBeU e ‘puLY Joy
2tp UC ‘}eyR9] IYStUM\op ag pjnod snura y "doy auyUT ue YBNI
aSew ay puas 0} suzexoid aq ueD IBN ay2 pue siInduOS
anoge Ysnous smouy oyM uosiad Y -vaep arendiuew aeyp swesBOd
Aq parsaye aq ued ays ‘uoreuLosut sv sisixa aBew ap asnesaq

WA


innovative approaches to the new frontier of technology and the
Internet. This can also include designing completely new uses for
computers that the old school considers useless.

All hacking attempts usually require some type of new and
innovative program. Hacking constantly evolves to tackle the new-
est barriers; likewise, security constantly evolves to stop the threat of
invasion. A hacker must acquire software from fellow hackers or
design her own if she is to get anywhere. Consider hacking software
"complex" for design and execution purposes, including high difficul-
ties and extended successes. Modifications to all difficulties include:

¢ Breaking into simple computer system and copying data:
difficulty 7, three successes.

¢ Breaking into a sophisticated system: difficulty 9 to 10, five
successes or more.

¢ Breaking into another computer and altering or deleting
data without being noticed

difficulty 8, four successes.

* Removing copy protection from commercial software:
difficulty 7, two successes.

© Creating a protection program: difficulty 7, six succes:

Trinary Computers
and Opgrades

"Welcome to the next level

—Sega advertisement

Some mages use computers to focus in their mz
"Foci," Chapter Eight). A normal computer, however, s
mage down, especially when dealing with the light-speed interac-
tions of the Web. Technomancers usually give their machines a
magickal upgrade before proceeding on to the Internet.

The most common upgrade involves reworking the computer
to allow for greater memory and speed. The process involves the
channeling Prime 2 or Spirit 2 into a computer and then using
Matter 2 toadjust for mechanical overload. Multiple Computer Skill
rolls in conjunction with the various Spheres are also necessary
(Prime + Computer, difficulty 8; Matter + Computer, difficulty 8).
This will allow the computer to store and download rotes ata much
faster rate, hopefully giving the user vital seconds to avoid being
fried. The machine is still limited to rotes with Sphere ranks 1 or 2,
and cannot perform any magick on its own. A computer that
performs its own magick is a Talisman.

The next level of upgrade introduces a new factor to program-
ming. Normal computers work on a "yes" or "no" basis; Trinary
computers add "maybe" to the list of possible answers. This
transformation allows a computer to make guesses or possibly offer
suggestions and partially run itself. Given the proper parameters,
a Trinary computer could defend itself from an intruding hacker,
suggest possible rotes for its user, estimate enemy numbers or
defenses or assist in software design. Trinary computers simplify
mundane tasks as well. The mage himself limits the capabilities of
the machine. If the machine receives bad instructions or inaccu-
rate data, it will do the wrong thing ot give the wrong answer. The
machine is still a machine; it isn't alive or sentient. As with the
simpler magickal upgrade above, Trinary computers can store and
download rotes faster than normal, but now may store rotes higher
than Sphere level 2.

Technomancers guard the secret of creation of Trinary comput-
ers jealously. The Virtual Adepts invented the process, but the Sons
of Ether and Iteration X have designed similar versions. The exact
process is up to the Storyteller and should probably be an adventure
in itself. The process should involve Prime and Matter magick to

Ni

IN

restructure an existing computer and perhaps Mind or Life to
complete the upgrade. The process will also incur a fair bit of
mundane tinkering and a hefty Radio Shack bill. A character might
acquire an old Trinary computer (good luck!) from a mentor or
contact, but these will surely be outdated and need further upgrading.

Another way to upgrade a computer involves binding a spirit
into the machine (see below). A spirit can temporarily adjust a
computer's operating format, but cannot perform miracles the
computers incapable of. Essentially, you command the spirit, and
the spirit controls the machine. The spirit would be able to use its
ability to effect anything that the computer could normally effect
and then some, including launching Umbral attacks into the

Internet or coercing a spirit in another machine. Bounded spirits
allow one violation of computer "laws," but will otherwise be
limited by the machine. Spirits bound permanently to the ma-
chine form fetishes.

Talisman and Fetish Computers

A Computer Talisman follows the same rules that apply to
other Talismans, including creation, activation and magick use,
They are computers imbued with a certain amount of Quintes-
sence and given Magickal Effects by the creator. Talisman
Computers, by their very nature, are the rarest of computer
upgrades. They're incredibly hard to create — only the most
dedicated Technomancer will take the time to make one.

The specific powers of a Talisman Computer are entirely up
to the player and the Storyteller. It's important to realize that a
computer with a magickal Effect as part of its programming won't
execute that Effect spontaneously. It's still not sentient and
remains limited to the commands of its user.

Talisman
and Fetish Creation

A French physicist has invented a "time-reversal mirror": adevice
that takes in a sound and spits it out again — backwards
— February 1995 issue of Discover magazine

Talismans and fetishes, fully described in Chapter Six, are
notoriously difficult to produce. Often crafted in Horizon Realms to
avoid causing Paradox, Talismans channel mystick essence to imbue
an item with magickal powers. Fetishes bind spirits rather than
magick and often carry over a bit of temper along with the enchant-
ment. Making such items demands time, skill and patience.

A would-be Talisman must be well-crafted. When the mystick
isready to create the enchantment, she usesa vulgar Prime 4 Effect
and a permanent point of Willpower, and must garner 10 successes
before she's ready for the next step.

Next, she focuses 10 Quintessence into the item for every point
of Arete she wants it to have. A mage cannot create a Talisman with
ahigher Arete than her own. After this, she adds whatever Effects she
wants the item to contain: each Sphere level dot costs one point of
Quintessence and requires an Arete roll against difficulty 8 (no
reductions) and a day's work per roll. The Talisman may hold as many
Effects as it has points of Arete. Finally, the creator funnels Quintes-
sence into the item to fuel it, again using Prime 4

Fetishes can be created on Earth; using the Spirit 4 Create
Fetish Effect, the mage binds an Umbrood into the item. This
usually requires 10 successes total, and botching this roll is bad
news. Adding Quintessence toa fetish is not necessary, but it helps
keep the spirit happy. Such items usually have only one power.

245

Chapter Nine: Setting Rules


~


Chapter Ten:

rama

We walk the narrow path
Beneath the smoking skies

Sometimes you can barely tell the difference

Between the darkness and the light

Do we have faith in what we believe?

The truest test is when we cannot

When we cannot see

— Jane Siberry, "It Can't Rain All the Time"

The Ascension
Amidst the gnarled and dying trees in the apple
orchard, two mages moved towards each other with
grace and speed that defied their exhaustion and tired
spirits. One mage, dark of skin and soul, moved in
rage. The other, sad but determined, trembled in fear
at her final battle with the mentor she had once loved

"There's no escape, Clarissa. This grove is grown

from your own soul, a concept I know is beyond your
understanding," Peter Kobie taunted. "Always with you
it was the material. Never the spiritual. Never anything you couldn't see
and touch. Forall that you may have surpassed me, itends here. Tonight."
With a motion of his hands, the black branches of the apple trees bent and
took Clarissa in a twisted embrace, wrapping around her limbs, snapping
bones as she struggled to break free, fighting with all her will to command
the trees of the grove to her own bidding. For a few moments, she felt her
healing touch surge among the sickened grove. Sunlight flickered among the
trees and blooms appeared where none had sprung forth for many days. But
then Peter's eyes widened in fury. Just as quickly as they had come, the light

and blossoms faded to nothing, falling back into the shadows of their
creator's soul. He walked over and grasped Clarissa' chin in his hand. She
met his stare without flinching, looking for any trace of the noble songmaker
she'donce known, bridling tears when she saw nothing remained within the
terrible jealousy and pride that now consumed him

"You're going to kill me, aren't you?" she whispered, an odd calm
stirring somewhere deep inside her

I only wish I could do more than that, bitch," he hissed, and with
that, one sharp branch of the tree where she hung drove itself through her
spine. Clarissa had steeled herself for the pain of death. But as she hung
there, a new understanding crept through her, softening not only the
physical blow of the tree through her heart, but the emotional agony of her
mentor''s betrayal. And Clarissa saw that in this, the final and ultimate
experience of her life, the wild experiences she'd sought as a means of

Ascension were nothing but tools and trappings of the same static reality
she'd learned to defy, that both experience and the lack of it were equal
in the grand scheme of things. She fought back a joyous laugh as she felt
the bonds holding her to the world she knew snap and fall away, releasing
her into an unknown place, ripe for her knowing its infinite truths.

Chapter Ten: Drama 247

Te ee eG


NO Ail

A lot can happen in a turn. A player might want to dodge a
fist, hot-wire a Porsche or locate a volume of Shakespeare's
sonnets. If you're the Storyteller, you've already read Chapter
Seven, and can probably figure out what to have the player roll
Still, you might be able to use a few possible techniques and
variations on the rules. That's what this chapter is — suggestions
for rules systems to resolve dramatic actions.

This chapter isn't all-inclusive and isn't meant to be. Use
these systems as examples, and invent your own when necessary.
Don't interrupt a dramatic scene to check a chart — just make
something up. Maybe you'll use something like a rules system
mentioned here. Maybe you won't.

ll

If the roll in question is fairly simple, don't worry about these

systems. If you're not interested in "game drama" versus "story
drama," use the automatic success rules. Once you're familiar with
the description of the Trait in question, just determine the
character's success without rolling any dice. Die rolls can add
tension and suspense to a game; luck is something we still can't
control. But if the dice get in the way, use them as little as possible.

Only make rolls when you're not honestly sure whether or not
acharacter will succeed. If it seems like she would anyway, just let
her. This chapter's name is Drama; don't waste time on dice rolls
that do nothing special for the story. Use the dice to make things

interesting for you and the players.

Scenes

A scene isa point when the troupe roleplays
through the events at hands if they were actually
occurring. A scene might require only conversa-
tional roleplaying or could demand a host of
different die rolls.

I's the same as a scene from a movie; every-
thing happens in the same location and at the
ame point in time. It's a car chase, a gunfight, a
romantic interlude. This is the e:
roleplaying, when players react in character rather
than explaining their intentions third-hand. Do everything you
can to make your scenes as dramatic, complete and satisfying as
possible. Don Scarlatti doesn't just sit ata table while the charac
ters watch — he calls over one of his caporegimas and quietly
rebukes him. The more exciting each scene becomes, the better
the story.

sence of

Time spent between scenes is called downtime, when charac-

ters conduct research, travel or just go on with everyday busines
Nobody wants to roleplay every moment of downtime; just use it
to organize players, advance the plot and generally take care of
minor details. The story will turn into a scene when needed, often
without anyone recognizing the change. While all of you discuss
the characters' travel plans, for instance, start describing what
they see on the way to Chicago. Presto — you've gone from
downtime to a scene. An old man walks up to them and asks for
change, and they're hooked. By simply roleplaying without warn-
ing, you've jump-started the players into their roles, and the scene
is up and running.

Turns

Turns organize and arrange a scene's events.
A tum is a variable period of time in which each
character should be able to do one thing. It helps
the Storyteller keep track of events and gives all of
the players a chance to do something. Each turn,
go around the table in order of initiative (see
below), give each player an equal opportunity to
describe their action, then describe the actions of
the non-player characters.

Even ifitdoesn'talways make complete sense,
you should use the turn structure pretty loosely. You might, for
example, let someone climb a tree while someone else fires a gun.
Yeah, climbinga tree usually takes more time than shootinga gun,
but it's a game, and adrenaline lets people do amazing things.

Multiple Actions

To perform multiple actions in a turn (like running and
shooting a gun), a character has to divide his dice. To split a Dice
Pool between two different actions, he takes the dice from the
action with which he has the smallest Dice Pool and divides that
Pool among each of his actions. He can also move while taking
other actions (again, firing a gun), by simply taking away one die

248 Mage: The Ascension

already

from the Pool for every three yards he moves. Movement is
considered in the rules for dodging, so characters who dive for
crue no extra penalty.

For example, TamLyn is stuck in a New York alley, fighting
the cult thugs of the Nephandus Lisabelle. He wants to drop back
six yards toa dumpster for cover, snap offa shot at the thug carrying
an Uzi, and dodge the other's return shot. TamLyn has Dexterity
4, Firearms 5 and Dodge 3 (he's done this before). Since his
Dexterity + Dodge is lower than his Dexterity + Firearms, he has
a Dice Pool of seven dice. He subtracts two dice to move to the
dumpster, and may assign the other five between his dodge and his
shot. TamLyn wishes he'd accepted his ally Elizabeth's offer of
assistance....

cover a

Characters with multiple actions take their first action, and
only their first, in their normal order of initiative (unless they
delay). After all characters have completed their first (or only)
action, those with more actions may take their second action,
again in order of initiative. After everyone who has a second
action takes it, go on to the third, and so on until nobody has any
actions left. While characters may delay their action, they must
take it before the rest of the characters move on to their next
action, or it is lost. Characters can always use dice to Dodge,
however, so long as they have dice left in their Pools.


Action Scenes

Scenes full of actions and dice rolls often
require special rules to run smoothly; these are the

fights, races and feats of danger common to adven-
ture stories. During an action scene, turns are
usually very short — only three seconds oso. Most
of the systems described in this chapter occur
duringaction scenes and use action turns. All sorts
of things can happen in an action scene, and
4 correlating everything can seem a little tricky.
Still, you should let a character try nearly any-
ign him a difficulty of 10 to succeed.

thing, even if you have toa

Make sure you carefully describe the location of everyone in
the scene, as well that of what cover is available. Otherwise, you'll
have to describe the scene over again and hear complaints like,
"Wait a minute, you didn't say anyone was over there!" You may
also want to describe the environmental conditions and how they

mightaffect the scene. Rain, wind and smoke can affect many dice
rolls. Lead or pewter miniatures, toy cars and model buildings can
add a lot when setting a scene; this way, everyone can tell where

the various characters are.

Initiative
Rolling for initiative is the best way to decide who goes first
ne. Sometimes it will be obvious who acts first: an

in an action
ambush was successful, or a person's best friend turns on her
without warning. In combat, however, if you intend to let the
opponents have a free shot at the characters, don't simply spring
it on the players. Let them make Perception rolls (difficult ones)

to see if characters notice something just before the bad guys open
up — it's easier than arguing with your troupe. The ambusher's
skills determine the difficulty (usually 8 or so). The number of
successes the players score indicates the number of dice they can
roll on their first actions (usually dodges).

ly, everyone involved makes a Wits + Alertness roll
(or you can have them roll Wits + Brawl, Melee, Firearms or any
other appropriate Ability). The difficulty is usually 4 — characters

with the most successes go first and ties go simultaneously. Char-
cters who fail act after those who succeeded last. A botch on an
initiative roll means the character does not get to act that turn —
his gun jams, he stumbles, or something like that. If you like, don't

have the players roll for initiative every turn; just continue to use
the results from the first turn. This speeds things up immensely,
but can cause problems of another sort. Use your judgment —
don't force some poor player who botches to miss the entire scen

Organizing
an Action Turn

Turns organize a scene, and stages organize a turn. You
probably won't need to subdivide turns that aren't action turns.
This list might give you some ideas about organizing things when
the action gets hot. A carefully orchestrated scene will run more
smoothly, and everyone involved will have more fun.

* Describing the Scene

At the beginning of each turn, describe the scene from the
characters' perspective. Suggest what the characters' opponents
might be about todo, butdon't actually describe what will happen.
Sometimes you'll want to wrap up the last turn, clarifying it to the
players. Constant description prevents confusion. This is your
chance to arrange things so that all the players' interactions go
smoothly. Make your description as interesting as possible, leaving
open all sorts of possibilities for the characters' actions.

This is also when you have your players roll for initiative. If
you want to be particularly free-spirited, eliminate the initiative
roll altogether. "The south wall caves in as the fire spreads to the
room you're all in. The Orphan's eyes glaze as the flames run across
the floorboards. He wins the initiative and sprints toward a
window with a yell. What are you going to do?"

Decision Stage
Going in reverse order of initiative (if the players made
initiative rolls), have each player explain what her character
intends to doand how she intends to go about it. If you did not call

for initiative rolls, simply go around the table from left to right, or
in order of characters' Wits, or using whatever consistent method
you like, and then decide how you want to resolve the action —
what kind of roll each player will make, the difficulty of the roll
and the number of successes needed. You can make the process as
simple or as complicated as you like: "If you want to catch him
before he dives out the window, make a Dexterity + Athletics roll,
difficulty... 7. You need to score four successes to catch up with
him, but he only needs two more to jump free."

‘ .
Resolution Stage
Now the players roll to see whether their characters succeed
or fail. The players roll their dice to attempt the actions they
described in the preceding stage.

At the end of the turn, summarize everything by describing
what happened, translating all dice rolls into description, plot and
story. Don't simply say, "You manage to hit the bad guy for three
Health Levels of damage." Get more graphic. "A ter ducking away
to the left, you sweep across with your fist and strike him alongside
the head. Your hand stings, but you've broken his nose and
wounded him for three Health Levels." Similarly, "You race acto
the room after him. Next turn, you can grab at him before he leaps

out the second-story window. Part of the ceiling collapses behind
and you hear soft, mocking laughter...

you.

: Drama

249

D.WEDKK

D.LWW2


I] ZZ NS

NO All

Taking Actions

The two ba
rolls include:
© Yieldin;
highest initiative to take his action, thereby yielding her turn. She
can still take her action at the end of the turn. If everyone, including

actions characters can take without making

The character allows the person with the next

her opponents, also yields, no one does anything that turn.

* Moving: The character may move by walking, jogging or
running. If she walks, she may move seven yards. If she jogs, she
may move 12 yards + Dexterity. Ifshe runs, she may move 20 yards
+ (3 x Dexterity). No roll is necessary, but this movement is the
only action the character can perform that turn. Jogging or
running can be hazardous in some situations, and she might need
to roll ro maintain her balance when there's glass on the ground
or bullets tearing up the wall behind her. If the character wants to
run away from the conflict, she must dodge while doing it, unless
she's out of the field of fire

All sorts of other actions might require rolls. Some are listed

here:
* Attack: A character may decide to fire his weapon orstrike
someone. The roll made depends on the attack; for instance, a
Firearms attack requires a Dexterity + Firearms roll.
© Climb: Make a Dexterity + Athletics roll.

* Dodge: A dodge not only allows a character to avoid an
attack, but totally removes him from harm's way — for now. A
character can make a Dexterity + Dodge roll right after someone
tries to hit him, hopefully avoiding the blow.

* Get to feet: It takes a turn to get up from the ground
without having to make a roll. If a character wants to do this in
addition to her other actions, she takes a few dice from her
ore at least one success on a

announced action and tries to
Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty at least 4).

© Leadership: A character may give commands to followers
and have them obeyed with appropriate Charisma (or Manipula-
tion) + Leadership rolls.

© Reload gun: This can be done in a single turn with a
preloaded clip.

© Research: A character may try to look up a vital piece of
information in a book using the Investigation Ability. Though
this would likely take longer than three seconds, you may want to
take some dramatic license with this.

© Start a car: This action doesn't require a roll at all, unless
a character is hot-wiring it.

© Sneak up on enemy: This action usually requires a Dexter-
ity + Stealth roll.

© Unjam gun: This action can normally be performed in a
single turn with a Wits + Firearms roll.

Dramatic Systems

T wish we could play in a gym without any people and
try to play the perfect game where you don't make any
mistakes and maybe if there's a mistake it's of omis-
sion, not commission, and everything is done at the
right moment, at the right time, and each decision is the
right one and everyone can ride the decision-making
wave.
— Sam Smith quoting Coach Phil Jackson, The
Jordan Rules

This section includes a variety of suggested
systems to resolve actions, or, to put it simply, a bunch of ways to
make rolls. There are a few more examples of Physical dramatic
systems than any other kind; these actions are impossible to
resolve purely through roleplaying. Situations where Social and
Mental contests come up can be roleplayed out without the use of

dice.

Each suggested action has a few possible "coincidences" that
might allowa mage to work in a subtle Effect. Bear in mind, however,
that objects or people must be created from scratch if they did not
exista moment ago. Such creation may well be more vulgar than the
original Effect itself. By successfully slipping a coincidental Effect
into a task, a player may drop her difficulty by -1 per success to a
maximum of -3 (see "Abilities and Magick," Chapter Eight). A
suspicious opponent with countermagick can, of course, counter
this "assistance," and Sleepers (or Technocrat spies) may get
suspicious ifa person seems "just t00 good" at everything. Botching
a magickal assist has the usual effects, which may make it more
trouble than it's worth.

250 Mage: The Ascension

Physical

These systems describe dramatic situations where Ph'
Attributes come into play.

Climbing

When a character attempts to climb any sort of surface (a
tree, cliff or building), ask the player to roll the character's
Dexterity + Athletics. The difficulty depends on the type and
sheerness of the climbing surface and, to a lesser extent, the
weather conditions. Each success indicates that the character has
climbed five feet. Once he accumulates enough successes to get to
where he wants to go, he can stop rolling. Cheshire, for example,
is trying to climb a 25-foot wall; he needs five successes to get to
the top. A failure indicates the character is unable to make any
progress during the turn. A botch indicates the character falls and
cannot again attempt to climb without expending a Willpower
point.

Difficulty Level of Climb
2 Easy climb: a tree with many stout branches
4 Simple climb: a cliff with many handholds
6 Straightforward: a tree with thin branches
8 Treacherous: very few handholds
10 Extremely difficult: a nearly sheer surface

Coincidences: a rope or ladder is nearby; the tree has a low
limb; the wall has available hand- and footholds; there's a fire
escape on the side of the building.


Feats of Strength

Lift
Dice Pool __ Feats se
1 Crush a beer can se
2 Break a chair ane
3 Break down a wooden door i jn
Break a 2" x 4" oD
; ped open a metal fire door 650
6 Throw a motorcycle OS he
7 Flip over a small car > —
8 Break a three-inch lead pipe 000
9 Punch through a cement wall 1200 iC
10 Rip open a steel drum 1500 ls
ah Punch through 1" sheet metal ps
2 Break a metal lamp post bones
5 Throw a car oe x
14 Throw a van Sai
15 Throw a truck

Feats of Strength

A character's Strength is often used alone, without an Abil-
ity, when brute force is all that matters. If the character's Strength
equals or exceeds the difficulty of the task he's attempting, he
succeeds automatically. Only if the difficulty is higher than his
Dice Pool must he make a roll

When the character makes the roll, however, it is based on
Willpower, not Strength. This is a pretty simple roll, so the
character gets only one chance to make it. The difficulty is almost
always a9, though it can vary according to the surface conditions,
the object being lifted and Storyteller whim. Each success pushes
the character's effective

Strength up one step on the chart below

(to a maximum of five). Thus, if the character has a Strength of

four, but wants to flip over a car, she needs three successes on the
Willpower roll to do it

Coincidences: the chest is lighter than it looks; the door is
unlocked or made of rotten wood; the pipe has stress fractures; the
car is packed with box

, but only on one side so it's much heavier
and leans that way anyway

Jumping

Jumping requires.a Strength roll ora Strength + Athletics roll
fora horizontal jump with a decent runningstart. The difficulty for
1 jump is almost always 3 (unless there are difficult weather
conditions or a narrow landing space). The Storyteller calculates
how many successes the character needs to make the jump. There
are no partial successes in jumping; the character either succeeds
in one roll, or she falls.

If necessary, you can use the chart below. The number of
successes required is based on the number of feet that must be
jumped and whether the character is jumping horizontally or
vertically
Type of Jump Feet per Success
Vertical (up) 2
He

Coincidences: there's a springboard nearby; you just ran
down a sloping surface.

ntal (across) 4


Y,
,

Repair

Repair

Sometimes you can't just take something to the garage to be
fixed; youhave todoit yourself. When a character wishes to fix any
sort of mechanical implement, he must roll Dexterity + Repair.
The difficulty is determined by the complexity of the task (see the
chart below). Before the job can be considered complete, he must
roll a certain number of successes, usually between two and 20.
Each roll means that a certain amount of time isspent — whatever
the demands of the story require. A botch indicates that the device
is somehow damaged in the attempt.

This system can be fun to use during combat, as one character
desperately tries to start the car while the others hold off the HIT
Marks.

Shadowing

Sometimes a character will want to "shadow" someone — to
follow him as discreetly as possible without being caught. That's the
catch — keeping track of your target without being seen. A character
can shadow someone on foot or in vehicles; he can try even ifsomeone
else, like a taxi driver, is driving: "Follow that car — carefully!"

The player-character in question must make a Perception +
Investigation (or possibly Streetwise) roll. The difficulty is nor-
mally 6, but can vary from 5 to 9, depending on the thickness of
acrowd or bad weather conditions. Each success indicates that the
target has been followed for a turn. A certain number of successes
are required to follow the subject all the way to his destination.
The first failure indicates that the character has temporarily lost
her subject, but can try again next turn. A second means she has
lost him completely and the chase is off (unless she comes up with
a new approach). Should the character botch, she not only loses
her subject, but she stumbles into some new problem of her own
—a hostile street gang, foraging vampire, lost child, etc.

Though your character's Perception roll is the most impor-
tant aspect of shadowing, you must also make a Stealth roll to
avoid being seen. Each turn the Perception roll is made, the player
also rolls her character's Dexterity + Stealth (or Dexterity + Drive
if she's in a vehicle).

The difficulty is the subject's Perception + Alertness, butitcan
be modified by +/-3, depending on the circumstances (empty streets
or thick crowds, for instance). A single success indicates the
shadower is not detected, and each success increases the target's
difficulty, even if he's actively looking fora tail. A failure means he
becomes suspicious and starts to surreptitiously glance over his
shoulder (and may make Perception rolls of his own; see below). A
botch indicates the character completely reveals herself and the
subject now knows he's being followed.

If the subject looks to see if he is being followed (out of habit,
perhaps), roll his Perception + Investigation (or Streetwise). The
difficulty is the shadowing character's Stealth rating +5. Each
success on this roll indicates a higher degree of suspicion. Successes
can be accumulated from turn to turn; see the chart below to see
how aware the subject is that he is being followed. A failure means
that the target hasn't seen anything and relaxes his guard, dropping
his suspicion to zero. If he botches, he's convinced he isn't being
followed and no longer looks behind him.

Successes Suspicion
1 Hunch
2 Suspicion
3 Near-certainty
4 Positive knowledge
5 The shadower has been spotted

Magick: With the Arcane Background or a bit of subtle
magick, the mage can conceal her shadowing attempt. Her target,
if he has Arcane, can throw his pursuer completely off. For mages
with Arcane, add +1 difficulty to either character's chance to spot
the one with the Background. If both of them have Arcane, things
get amusing... By using some magickal cover — manipulating
shadows, Mind-swaying people to come between you and any
tracker, using Entropy to disrupt his thoughts just enough — a
shadower or target can subtract one of her opponent's Perception
successes for each success she gets on a magick roll. The key word
here, though, is subtlety; too much magick will draw attention.

Buddy System: Two or more characters can shadow one target
by trading off. However, they must have previously worked or
trained together in this technique, or the difficulty on all rolls for
the pair is +1 higher. One player shadows for a turn or more, then
trades off whenever her partner gives the signal. If the pair switches
off, the subject can't accumulate successes for very long, which
makes it much harder for the subject to spot shadowers.

Coincidences: you see your shadower reflected in store
window; the guy you thought you'd given the slip made the same
wrong turn you did; he gets caught in a traffic circle; a truck breaks
down between you and him.

Stunt Driving

This system determines the outcome of nearly any type of
automobile chase or maneuver. Dice rolls in chases are not only
made to see how fast a driver goes, but also to see if she stays on the
road or not. Each vehicle is rated for its maximum safe driving
speed as well as its maneuverability. One vehicle is not always as
fast or maneuverable as another, so the details of the chase often
depend on the make of the vehicle (see the chart below).

A character can make special maneuvers in order to catch
or lose another vehicle, such as spinning around a tight corner,
doing a 180° turn or wheeling about to block a road. Essentially,
one character makes a special maneuver and the other character

Job Difficulty # of Successes must copy that maneuver by making a similar roll.

Simple mechanical repair 4 3 _ The player rolls Dexterity (or pethaps Perception) +
decir 5 2 Drive; her Dice Pool cannot exceed the maneuverability rating
Soldssiatae 5 5 of the vehicle. Give each maneuver a basic difficulty from 2-7,
Electronic malfunction 5 10 and then decide on a maximum safe speed. If the vehicle is
Fitting in new part see a going over that speed, raise the difficulty (by +1 for every
Repair stalled car - a additional 10 mph) or have the character fail outright
Tough auto repair

System overhaul 3 5

Technical glitch
Coincidences: the engine was just overheated — it st ved
floater needle becomes unstuck; the battery wires were just ; a good

kkick starts "er right up; it was only unplugged.

tarts fine no'

Stunt Driving

Vehicle Safe Speed Max Speed Maneuverability

Pursuit ee truck 60 90 3

; ; us 60 100 Z

Use this simple system if one character's trying 18dhesler 0

to catch another. One opponent starts with a c ‘Sede 3 110 4
tain number of successes; say two for every turn's a 120 5
worth of head start, or one for every success on a ea 70 120 6
Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 6). The other Compact 70 130 6
character has to match or beat these successes Sporty compact 100 140 2
before he can catch up. Once he does, he can try to Sport coupe 110 150 8
grapple the fleeing person (see "Combat"). The Sports car 130 170
pursuer might only want to catch up halfway, just Formulai Oat vaee xh re a 2

to get a better shot at the fleeing character.

Coincidences: the other person is tripped or
blocked; an alley leads to a dead end if the mage
is the pursuer; there are too many possible direc-

two wheels
bad for the

tions that the pursued mage may take for the
chase to continue.

Sneaking

When a character attempts to hide in shadows or sneak up on
a guard, she must roll Dexterity + Stealth. The difficulty is the
guard's Perception + Alertness. Anyone actively looking for intrud-

ers can be considered a guard.

The sneaking character needs to collect a certain number of
successes in order to make it to where she wants to go. A Perception
+ Stealth roll can be made if the player wants to estimate how many
successes will be needed; the difficulty for this is usually 7

Failure of any sort on a Stealth roll indicates detection.
he guard falls asleep; the lights are dim; the
I rustles elsewhere to lead

Coincidence
shadows fall on the right places; an anim
the guard off your track; no one set the alarm.

Social

Social interactions are best handled by roleplaying; that's half
the fun of such games in the first place. When you don't have time
toplay outa city-wide manhuntoran eight-hour filibuster, however,
or when your player doesn't share his character's street-smarts or

smooth manners, these systems may help.

Seduction

Seductions are tricky; the seducer woos her target in stages, from
clever lines to intimacies. Not all seductions are sexual — they may
range from intellectual diversions to changes of faith. A seducer,
however, uses false pretenses to gain some form of intimacy with her
al

A seduction goes in stages, and unless the character succe
during each stage, she will not be successful in the long run. This
system simulates misdirection; if the seducer's emotions and motives
are teal, ignore the system and roleplay it out. Even if you use the
system, play it out anyway — it can be fun, and may make all the
later relationship.

quarry, who usually assumes that the seducer's feelings are ré

difference to the characters

Some characters, depending on their Natures (Bon Vivants
and Connivers for example), regain Willpower from successful
seductions. This skill is a stock-in-trade of the Nephandi, who u:
to sway others from their original ideals and into corruption. In any
case, the seducer will gain something of value from her target if
everything goes as planned...

Opening Line: The player rolls Appearance + Subterfuge (or
some other Traits, if applicable — Manipulation + Subterfug

eit

Coincidence:

good thing t

ise:

other guy; thank God for anti-lock brakes,

Expression, Lore, etc.). The difficulty is the subject's Wits + 3,
although good roleplaying may adjust this for better or worse. Each
success after the first adds an extra die to the roll on the next stage.

Witty exchange: The player rolls Wits + Subterfuge. The
difficulty is the seducee's Intelligence + 3. Give bonuses and
penalties for roleplaying. Each additional success adds an extra die
to the roll on the next stage.

Conversation: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy. Difficulty
is Perception +3. Again, roleplaying bonuses come into play here.

Intimacies: Atthis point, the seducer gets whatever he or she
wants. Ifsex is involved, the couple moves on to activities best left
without systems. If the seducer was trying to convert her target —
to change his beliefs, swing his support from one person to
nother, talk him into some undesirable activity or reveal a secret
— her successes may dictate how thorough a job she does.

you remind him of that long-lost love; your
; always had a thing for the thin,

Coincidence
voice has that silky tone she love:

pale type; "You're a gamer, too?"

Fast Talk

With this system, a character browbeats and bamboozles
someone into submission. The player usually rolls Manipulation
+ Subterfuge, though Charisma or Appearance could be added to
Expression, Intimidation or any number of Knowledges, depend-
ing on the character's approach. The difficulty is the target's Wits
+ Streetwise. Success indicates that the target becomes confused.

That target may make whatever rolls he wishes; however, fast
talk is likely to confuse him too much at some point to take the
appropriate action. He can also expend Willpower points to resist
fast talk. If the offensive (or offending) character fails his roll, his
attempt has faltered, and the target can try to explain himself or
even fast talk back. This rebuttal continues until the subject fails
or botches. A fast talker's botch indicates that his target doesn't
get confused, only angry. Fast talk attempts by that character will
never work on him again.

Repeated rolls might be necessary to truly confuse the target.
As Storyteller, you need to run attempts at fast talk in a way that
is consistent with the mood of your game. It can be as slaphappy
or as deadly serious as you like.

Coincidences: his shoe really is untied; your victim read an
article on the topic just last week; a passing stranger agrees with
dy owns the Brooklyn Bridge.

you; he alre:

Chapter Ten: Drama 253

f unfinished road was ona downward angle; driv ingon
y when the road slopes up with you; you slingshot off another car — too

"Moy

aporuorys ayy Surmoys ploak o awtUMOp Ut ave]d aye UAYyOSysEI
yong "]]o1 01 spaau sadejd ays ssaoons Jo UNO ay pu yseI ay JO
Aq(noyptp ayp sapisap uayp s9]]a1AI0IS oY |, *("220 ,,‘sodeId ays oy
[[e,, Ut suonsanb Suryse ‘Arerqy AnueYD ayp Sunista) warp ansind
02 aka |]! JardeseYD 49y sdaas ay pue suonUaIUT 29y ssouNOU
-ue JoAvjd yp ‘Aypeisuag "sassaoons Jo JUNO! UTEUaD e Jays
0} s]Jor papuarxa aziyian osye Aayy "Ino Avydajor oy Surwnsuos
-auny 10 NOYpIP axe ‘sau JeoIsdyg ay] ‘suoNENaS asoy |

2yU9)

OIE ALOARJ & JO UOS HY >>]
300] NOA Spunos ppnoysi Moy vapl OU avy Aayp os MOU I,UOP A2y

Buos v Aejd nok ‘Sus aOAKy sIOY AEjd NOK :saauaprouOD
sndo wnuiew ‘9peny jueryag L
uonesuas aeipountuy quadng 9
uonear sneassq Jeuondas: S
asneydde snozo81 souadng +
uonerardde auinuag poop ¢
Jeaorddy aferoay z
asnejdde anjog 24901payy I

one — aoueUT0j19q INOK
"Qysig zrdeys)

ypoueyy pue santpqy,, 298) 901d ayp jo ssauaanoayo jeyoiseur
JO aphay[WIsLA PLSTUYdaI YoU JasHAw ay sPUWUAIEP Sty]. "St

aoUa!phe ay? PaAous MOY SaIDIpUT sassaoons Jo JaquINU ay
JUAWNAASUE SHY SYva.q URIDISNU ay JO si JDUEp ay
paystuy aq uaaa ouULs IY 2oUEUUOJLAd a]quaastU e sarEDIpUT
yprog y ‘souewopiad a[quar9i10} ApUsUTUUD ‘saxsNp Ye] B saqeDIpUt

aunj}ey y "st 9uarpne oup darndagax Voy UO paseg st AINE a4,

"(a1 | paiuauio-
10) uorssaudxg + ainqumy areudosdde ayp syjos sadejd oy,

sueWUopiad 19410 autos 10 ‘ananbng ‘a8npaaqng

"20] B tHarsis
siti Uo Afar 1904 se 3IsNuU Jo BursUEp ‘BurSuIs uodn Ajax oy sad_eyy
[eULOJUT 40 peUUIY aq UD puk qn]>1YBtU e UT J0 aBeIS e UO aq UD I]
"Buy]]ax410ys 40 BUTE ‘d1sMu ‘Apatuod aq a1 JayaYyas ‘aoueUOJad

jo ada Aue saat saa9eseyo v JaAauaya pasn st woashs sty

SODUCULIOLIId

"aureu ays sdes Aypemuaprooe ays ay90d sty ut Jaded v uo
umop warm sued ays ye sey ay Ssoysuerg And aya Uaya aysts a
108 nod Mouy pur (Sulssans) oureu e Avs NOA :saauapIUIOD,
‘a s
uo pue uo syjer ioafqns ayy

pasaaoosip st wodurt yo SuryaAs

uoneuuoyut Sunsaioqut yn
s1ej JuRAa|ar aWIOg

sioey poyquinur aay e AUD

uonesouzayuy so

1]O2 step axyeur pjnoys ‘adeyd ayp rou ‘4a]]a1A4101g
ay ‘yanza ayp jeaouos oY "sary aalqns ayp ‘stom so — Bun
-Aue WHY []>1 J9Aau J] pue ‘Burpou saiereyp ayp s}jer aalqns
auf saresIpur yoiog Y ‘anyea jo Suryzou suseay saqesey> aya
soqvorput ainyrey y "paureaqo uoreunOyut Jo uNOUTe ayp sareI1pUt
sassaons jo Jaquinu ayp "Mody A\ s,wNIDIA ays st ANIyyIP

ayp {Jor uoNepiuUT + LoNEINdiueyy e sayeur sakefd ayy,

uolsuadsy ay] :

eh

AIO w to

a]atuory> aNOK ut a1 apnyout 01 Ys!
Jo} Saja UMO INOA dopaaap o1 aavy ]],NOA "padojdura AyureIa9
s} UoHeprUtUT Ysnoyp ‘aiN1201 10U "BuTUOLsanb jo wo e s199Y94
woaashs siyy "rem Aue ur uoUMUOD Anaid st UOReZOLEIU]

uoHe$o.19juy

298} ANOA UO Yoo] AUUNY ay Ie YBNE|
ang djay 3,uWe> ays ‘yout Uappns v sey JO azaaus 02 sey ay {Aa sty
saouaproulog

Jo 19UJ09 dy Jo Ino BuryaUOs saas 19YI0 9y)
Jamod}]}/¥\ jo ano sun ay pun — dn
3u1413 proae 01 wana yea iutod s9Mody]1 A\ & puads ued sa1deIeYD
Aeme SYOo] aUO J9YA0 aYp ‘SUIM sassavons UI ¢ + S1I/X\ SaUdUEddo
sty saqejnumndoe assy OYM DUO ay] "JOMod]]14\ SauaUOddo ay st
A{noypIp ayp SuoReprUNUT + EUUSLLYD [Jor sIUIUOddo tog.
ws1o89 19qva1
satuiog Jamod avas8 YT uso Suryp Jo 10s stup op saseyy "Joyioue
au0 2 a1ep5 asn{ suauoddo aya — paSueyoxe axe spiom ON "ApueY
Ur sawo9 Warsds sIyp UMP >9eq 01 ISI ay Aq 02 SULA JOYRAU
pu zomod]]1A\ Jo Janp & ur pasesue aue sraioeeYp om Udy,

UMOPIdVe-f

qu1od sNOA ayeUr NOA se asnf

spho]> ay Jo ano sauzo9 uns ays Soyda jo UNOWE IYBU ay asnf sey
auoydorsiw aya Suna st paord ayp Jo asou :s9dUapIOUIOD,
PMoId ayp JA UM AJar9]duUI0D o1 sassagons aay UY a10UL

ayea aysiu ay *[ + Aq uum ydea dn s908 Aynoyytp aup ‘una paryp ay
anye ang "ysaads ay UO ay!] pfhom ays se suum AueW se purads ued
so19ereYD ay J, ‘Burdvpdayou IM s}JouFursiodss9qUt ‘uoNe papuarxa
ue 21 9Y2UI UD NOK 491 UO aU aWOS PUdds o7 IUEM NOA JT "s}JOr
Jetaaas ayeur Aeur sadvjd aya ‘Asoas aya 02 EIA st yoaads ayp J]
puey saizereyp ap jo wyed axp ut st prvous ayy
payjesypua Ajarajduioo st paroro ay

1940 UOM S} PMOID DY],

JeYMoUOS WY PsouTAUOD sey JoIDeILYD ay L
portoxa a,uare ang ‘pauarst] AayL

uORDeIY PMOID,

sa79ng

(payoudy uaaa Ajqissod 10) paoog sarseseyD ay 198
11! yprog y "sarserey ayp sazoust pmoss arp sareoiput aunptey y
11 e Y9eID duo AjUO sey adejd ax OS Jou apdunts v say "(aeYD Buy
-Mo]]O} 9Y 298) st paorD ay passaidurt MOY saavoIPUT sass9Ions Jo
saquinu ay J "Jog 991G say 01 SuTeT Ie ppe ued ays ‘AuTasaq] 10
aouanyuy sey JaxsereYD ay J] "A]SupsoIIe ATNoYpIp ays asN{pe or
sim Avur nod ‘uoreandar jo 10s Aue sey sore10 ayp JT "(2 Aqpensn)
AQPNoYpIp ayp aurwAarap sajqeiasaa UaNOs SuMOIYD JOJ TUeYUEd
sui pur skes sore ayp TYR skay O1 ssoUBUIT]W S11 ‘paord aya

jo poow ay] "[Jor drysiopeay + eusueyy ve sayew sased ayy,

"waasds sity asn asnf — os op
01 s1a4epd ano 9910} 2,UOp os ‘Avjdayou O1 aNoYsIp aq UeD UORICG,
"ano 11 Surdejdajor ovu! paueas say 198 uaaa aysiu wey — sasn
ays asezyd ajqeiowiaur e nod 1]91 aqdeu pue sAes ays IeYM aquosap
07 say 1UEM NO4 "warshs sty ash HED NOS 41 aAts AypENIDE O1 JUEM
3,ussop ang "ypaads e aa18 0 Jax9eIeYD Joy SIUM JOKE] v JT

uolesO

| INN

Research

Information is an important commodity. In many stories,
research is the only way for the characters to uncover clues, lore

or gossip they may need to proceed. A mage may have to investi-
gate matters in a library, barroom, newspaper office or computer

archive in order to obtain the information he needs. General

research is a great way to let a character with high Intelligence
show off, while back-alley or ballroom research allows a streetwise
character to do what he does best

For general research, the player rolls Intelligence + Research
(and sometimes an appropriate Knowledge Ability, like Comput-

ers or Investigation, after a place to research has been found)

Street or social research goes on in the appropriate places — bars,

A character gathers this
kind of information by scoping out people who might know the

jails, costume balls, social events, etc

answers he seeks and asking the right questions. While such

research may involve Social interactions (see preceding), the
character will use his wits more than his looks. With a little luck,

his Intelligence + Streetwise, Etiquette, Investigation or Subter-

fuge will usually get him what he needs to know.

Research difficulty is based upon the obscurity of the information:

Difficulty Accessibility of Information
2 Generally available
4 Widely documented
6 Accessible
8 Difficult to find
10 Incredibly well-conceale

The number of successes determines how much the character
discovers. One success might mean that he uncovers the most
obvious facts, while five successes might mean that he learns the
full (and maybe truthful) story. Dep:
tion the character seeks, 10 or 20 successes might be required to
find all the available data

ndingon the precise informa-

The player might want to continue his research after only
partial success. Continued research, however, takes longer than
the initial search. Basic research usually takes only an hour —
that's the first roll. More in-depth research (and a second roll)
takes one complete day. If the player wants a third roll, further
research takes a week; a fourth roll takes a month, a fifth roll rakes

ayear. After that, use your imagination. It's easy to see how some
research projects can take years or even decades to complete. Of
course, some mages have all the time they need.

Coincidences: the library you use is a world-recognized
repository for such information; the person you were asking about

reminded someone of her ex-boyfriend; someone was researching
the same thing and left a stack of reference books piled on a desk;
it's the librarian's favorite topic

Search

This system enables a character to search for something in a
confined area, like a room. Have the player roll Perception +
Investigation; the difficulty depends on how well concealed the
object is (usually between 7 and 10). Each success indicates more
is found. Sometimes a certain number of successes are required to
find something hidden well. If you want, a lower number of
success

ould warrant hint or clue where to look, thus encour-
aging roleplaying and a degree of puzzle-solving. Lead the player
through the search step by step as much as possible. Have her

describe to you where she looks. Don't let her succeed if she
doesn't specifically search in the right area, and let her succeed
automatically if her description is detailed enough.

Coincidences: just happens to look in the right spot the first
time; someone forgot to put it away; it falls off a shelf.

Chapter Ten: Drama 255

Nz

V/ aN

ID.


"29]ay + Aatiaaxac] []o4 ‘wequiod (suodeam tI) 99]9W JO «
-sueasy + Ar1s91X9Qq [JO JeqUIOD sULIEAII 10]

"asn 02 9UO YDIYa sauTUAIap IeqUIOD Jo adAa
yp {s]]01 Yee jo sodAa wuss 9ypIp dary axe D194], *JOY YL,

"s1981e2 ayp Uo ioedwr Aue se [Jam se ‘paurunaap are ainytey 10
ssaoans a194e Sa] "Wang JeqWIOD ay Jo aU YD st Yee ay,

WV OML Veg

jeapt poo v skeape st aarasaz Ut OAL 10
ap & Burdaay "Joog 19y U! Ya] a21p sey ays se Su] se ow AuE Ie
uuopiad ueo ays yorya ‘a3poq k st wang Jo ano ayer AeW JoIDeIEyD
B uoNNe AJUO AY "UONDE YseA o2 a1e20]]e 01 ad1p AUeWL MOY

aie[pap osye sn Joog a91q 194 Sunnds aBew y ‘aBerg yey ay
01 Bu108 azojaq suonde s1a19e1eYD AYP axe]Dap asnuU SI9AE]
+(mojaq ,,‘saaanauey astidang,, 9s) 2Acw Mou
queI]] 11g awos Yo [Jnd ued Aayp ssajun— s1usuoddo n1ayp jo ,peaye
Sumiai,, Jo saoueyp srayoereyp suum] a1 YBnoyp ‘Avjd spaads uondo
SIYL "298 ]]1I8 ued Ady YBnoy — auads ajoym ays 10 WaYp sMo]s
yorya aysy oup jo SuruuiBaq ayp ae suaddey snonsesip Surypoutos
se] 08 Yorog OYM asoyy "areq aJoyM ayp 40} JpI0 IeLP
‘ash pure auaos 1yBy ad aou0 Apuo aarreMtUt 40} []e9 ABUL s19]]924401g
‘Aqoyjdunts 4g "wang sit 39 02 398 2,UOP Yo10q oY asoy; pue
‘gse] 08 ]]e Ie sassadons OU pajjor OYA asoy | "(Aes ‘sassadons aaIy
paj[o1 yaog Aaya) Ajsnoaueaynuns 398 ]]}4 s1aIDeIEyD aLHOg "UO Os
pure ‘as1yj s908 as11j — sassaoans Jo 1p1o Surpuaosap UI suoNde say
Saye) BUOAIAAY *(sazIsap Ja]Ja1dsoIg arp se parsnipe  AINDWyIP)
SsuD] + SUA BuIsn syjor 2aneNIUL ayeUI ssayeIeYD

-sarinbas 29] ]914101g ayp se [tE1ap
yontu se ur ey YIN pue Burop st saieseYD sty Jey aquosep
snus ‘wna UL Yacejd yseg asreym GoUNUEYaSpays & SuIsuIMs

‘uruzem v Sunoys ‘|Jear e puryag Surdeay — suonse siax9eIeYD
a}otp aueppap Mou suodeyd ayy "uum ayp sazruesio aBeas sty |

DAHCIU]29UQ 9BeYS

uolsuadsy ay] :aseyy 967

"mojaq aze sajnu payrerep ayp ‘sdaas
2 aarp our Suryp soya ayp syeaug yey AreuTuNg JequIOD
ay, "sSunp jo yen daay or sa1sea 11 ayLU oY — UOHInJosry
pue ypeny ‘aanenruy — safeas oamyp our wn ayp apiatp ‘Axons
apy] e193 sauTEWOS ULD JeqUIOD asnedaq YAAMOL] "[]O1 ATI
-BHIUL Ue YALA UTBaq SUM JeqUIOD ‘saUdDs HONE |e Yala SY

ajosar 01 1eY UY JaBUO] IeYMaUOs ayer Ady YBNoYp ‘Buoy
spuodas aazy punose ase suuny JeqUIOD ]]e IsOW] YY "s1aYyNs 193187
dup aSeurep yonur moy pue sa8pop ro81ea atp Joyaya ‘sp
ypene ue JOU JO JayaYA aUTUAIap IequIOD UI apeU s[]OY *pa7ed
-oedeout 10 pakonsap 19210 11 [HUN JaBxe2 ay saeuep Yyorys
[Jo aezedas v st qoysuns 10 mo] yor

aaoons

-javeag v Ur a8eBua 01 aoueIsIp
Buryonoy uryata aq 02 paau syuau0ddy "yequios pawueun—spuey
aueq yin aysno} apAeg pueY-or-puey v saquosop [MLIq Y &
-9a[9uU UI aSeBUd 01 JapI0 UT IYI YDeA Jo spzeA OAL 10 AUO UNYIM
aq 01 paau siuauoddy ‘spioms Jex>13eur 01 saj0q Uaxo1q Woy
SunpAue — suodeam puey yam Sunysy 02 siayax aD]9 Wy «
srysyary eur
a8eiua 02 Japs0 Ul JayI0 Y>ea Jo aYsIs UTYATM aq 02 paou AyeUOU
squauoddg ‘sunSi0ys yo-pames pue siz, ay] sBurya ‘suodeam
aynaford Suisn wequios pauue jo adAa Aue st aysyary ye
sa0Ud1a}JIP OUT atHOS aAeY

Aayp 194 ‘warshs pENuassa Wes ay
"qysiyaay stequios jo sadAa a1seq aaa are

ash ypeg "|aveq pue 29]9Ut
voy,

pna 30} 131g
qissod saAauaym soajour ploae

(aequiod ur yoreur noqe

aaideyg 99g) "}
0) pastape-]]am |]]Ws aye siasa2x0s ang ‘40I9e} Bur

-OUE]EQ B SI Y>ISEYY ‘Pood 10j UOIsUaDsYy O1 JUEAIdsE
ue dois ue> 1oysuns ajSuts & ‘sy>13eur Surpeay ano
-YpI A "HeEYe Appeap vaq ued reqUIOD Uado ‘aAaMOY
28eul 10] 9]qeI1A9UT st payspooyg ‘eA Aue UT

uapAig, uyof —
sSury fo appar aya st avy

yequio'y

~Aepyatg snoK se aus
ayp st gaquinu ay fAepsaasad amsang poly SuLNp promssed wy
passang nod ‘anja e nok saat Surpaand s,Aqeq v :saauaplourog

"apo aya YOeAd 02 $9322 II sassadons Jo JOquINU dtp saIeDIpU
sassagons Jo saquinu e201 SIP] *(¢ AanoyjIp) sau samp son
inBUr] + 20uo81]Ja1uy [Jor sw 1939eIeY> v ‘apod v_a1ea190 |.

-apoo ayp paraydioapsin sey saioezey> ayp Jo ‘urese pardwane
2g s9Adu ued gof aya ‘ain]!ey [e101 saresIpu!_Y>iog y "SuruUSaq
dyp Woy weIsaI IsnUU ss9d01d BuIpooap ay Pu Iso] aze sassaoons
pax9] 09 JJe sawvorput aunyey AUY "ssaIndwos yo (Aue 41) asn ay
pure AovotnUt s,9po9 ay ‘4102s ayp Jo spaau atp uo Sutpuadap "yuout
9u0 01 a1nuTW aUO Woy aq UeD ,LUM,, YDeq "S11! pareotTduro> Moy UO

Surpuadap ‘apoo v y>e19 Aqjny 02 sassarons Q7 02 OM Wo aayAdue
ayer ued I] °s9
pur ‘apoo ayp jo azow sxDe19 ssadons Ye "(19INdwod e sasn saeTeYD
ayp jt ssa] 10‘9]-g uaamdaq) YstY axnb aq AypeuoU [pL AYNOyP oy L
‘zaindwioo e Butsn st ay jt ondwoy + auasy]]a1Uy 40 sonsindury +
aouadtyjaruy [Jor asnur 1akejd ayy "sapoo siaydisap wraashs sty,

ASojoydAup

sooons a1ejnuinse 02 apeut aq ued s[jor ajduynu

1891 0) paddors Auenb ayp fuam ay azayaN
snes ajdoad pesaaas ‘Aay ay? avy a,upIp ays pue apisino ayy Woy
pax20] aze sioop ayp [Je ‘ppnwu st punosd ayp :saouapoutod
[ren ayp sasoy sa1DeIeYD ay ‘QT AAoqe S908 11
20UQ sOYysrY | + st A]NoYJIp ayp JoAamoy ‘uN stup furese Ay Wed
ays ‘Jo & sassiu sa19eIeYD ayp J] "Buo] saNUTW aay Inoge AjjENsN
st um yseq "[1eN oY Jo Ya8ud] ay UO spuadap saquinu r9exa ay
ssuana jo saquinu UTeU99 & JO pa929Ns 01 sp99U JBIDeILYD 9Y,L
1- Aq Jou axou aya jo Aanoyyip ay sxaMo} as1y ay
ns Yor °g punose saBez9Av ang ‘syoeN ay Jo aBe oy

WJ 9YL "(sur
-punouins 11942 Uo suorssaidutt 19420 aavay a]doad ing quauaaed

puohag ss.

pur ureqsa1 ‘suormpuod sayaeam uo paseg st Aa]N

pur syyemapts uo yay Ajares aze sxe — 4219 aya UI UOIIeSIasaAuT
40) [BatAing + uoIndasiag s{jo1 sadejd e ‘os op oY "spre pestshyd
say Surmoy]oj Aq sBurtp pue a[doad yen ayo ued saseyy

| -AS:


* For hand-to-hand (without weapons) combat, roll Dexter-
iyo Bene

The weapon or attack determines the base difficulty of the
attacker's roll. The number of dice might be modified by the gun's
rate of fire or the use of a scope, but the difficulty is usually only
modified by the circumstances around the attack. If no successes
are obtained, the character has failed his attack, and no damage is
inflicted. Ifthe player rolls botch, the attack fails, and something
nasty happens, besides

Dodging

Any time someone attacks a character, he has the option of
dodging. In fact, a player may announce at any time that her
character is using an action (or part of it, by dividing her Dice
Pool) to dodge, simply by d before the opponent
makes an attack roll. In some cases a dodge may not be allowed,
such as in confined quarters or in situations where the character
has been surprised. The required roll is Dexterity + Dodge; each

laring "Dodge!

success subtracts one success from the attacker's roll.

© The difficulty to dodge melee or brawling attacks is a
base 6, +1 for every opponent after the first

© In firefights, the difficulty depends on the availability of
nearby cover

Each success removes one of the opponent's successes. A
cter can e'

chara

en take away successes from different opponents,
though this means splitting successes between them. After such an
attempt, the character usually ends up behind some sort of cover
or, at the very least, lying on the ground (if there was no cover to
be found).

The difficulty to dodge during firefights is determined by the
proximity of cover.

Difficulty Terrain

2 By moving back half a step, the character is
back under full cover.

4 Full cover within diving distance (one yard)

6 Full cover within running distance
(three yards)

7 Partial cover within running distance
(three yards)

8 Flat and featureless, no cover

(the character dives to the ground)

Stage Three: Resolution

In this stage, characters determine the damage inflicted by
their attacks and the Storyteller describes what occurs in the turn.
It's a mixture of game and story; though the dice never lie, the
Storyteller must interpret what luck has decreed.

Damage: Each weapon or attack allows the wielder to roll a
certain number of damage dice (difficulty 6). Each success re-
moves one Health Level from the target. Additionally, each
success scored with a firearm (after any dodge) adds one die to this
damage roll. Melee and brawling successes do not add to the
damage.

Soak: A target may make a roll to see how much damage she
"soaks up" because of her natural hardiness. The target rolls
Stamina (difficulty 6);

Exception: Damage and soak rolls are two rolls in Mage that
cannot be botched

ch success reduces the damage by one.

D.VWED

ID.

Chapter Ten: Drama

=e

58 Mage: The Ascension

a

Complications

A number of factors determine whether an attack hits or not

Smart combatants head for cover as soon as bullets start flying. Others
find that ganging up on one foe ina brawl never hurts. The following

modifiers delineate many of the variables that affect combat

General Complications

© Changing Actions: If a character changes her declared
action after the turn has started, the difficulty for the new action
increases by +1. Generally, the Storyteller should only allow the
it

character to change her declared action if events have mad
impossible. "Yes, I know I said my character would jump into the
car, but that Technomancer just blew it up!"

* Immobilization: Ifa target is immobilized (e.g. held down
by someone), but still struggles, the difficulty for the attack roll is
lowered by -2. However, if the target is completely immobilized
(e.g,, is tied up or magickally paralyzed), then no roll is required
and the attack succeeds automatically.

Firefight Complications

© Range: Getting close to one's foe is a good idea if a
character doesn't mind taking a few shots in return. The range
given on the Firearms Chart is the weapon's medium range. The
character receives no modifier for shooting at this range. Twice

that range is the farthest the weapon can shoot. Shots within this
range have their difficulties increased by +1. On the other hand,
shots made at targets within a yard of the attacker are considered
"point-blank"; the difficulty of a point-blank shot is 4.

© Cover: Intelligent characters use cover to protect them-
Ives from enemy fire. Cover increases the difficulty of an attack,

depending on how much of the character's body is still out in the
open. Though cover protects, it can also hamper return fire, and
in some rare instances it can completely prevent any return fire.
Ducking out from around a corner to shoot may increase the
difficulty by +1, while watching a shoot-out through the cracks in
a battered wall prevents a character from firing back at all

Cover Difficulty
Lying flat +1
Behind pole +2
Behind wall +3

Only head exposed +4

* Movement: Shooting at a moving target increases
difficulty by +1 (or even more), as does shooting while moving at

any speed faster than a walk (such as firing out the window of a
speeding car).

© Aiming: A character may add her Perception rating to her
Dexterity + Firearms Dice Pool if she spends time aiming. How-
ever, it takes one turn for each die added, and during this time the
character can do nothing but aim — it takes ti

e and patience to

aim. Additionally, the target may not be moving at a speed faster
than a walk. Shotguns and SMGs cannot be aimed.

If the gun has a scope, the character may add two dice to her
Pool in addition to the dice added for Perception. The scope bonus
can only be used once per shot — after the initial three dice added
in the first round (two for the scope and one for Perception), the
character continues aiming as outlined above

© Targeting: Aiming for a specific location (gun hand, the
heart) increases the difficulty by +2.


* Multiple Shots: Ifa character wants to take more than one
shot in a turn, he must divide his Dice Pool into two or more
actions. Also, for every additional shot after the first, the difficulty
increases by +1. 10 is, of course, the maximum number to which
the difficulty can be raised. A character can only take as many
shots as allowed by the rate of the firearm.

This penalty is cumulative. Thus a character adds +2 on the
third shot and +3 on the fourth. It is not usually wise to snap shots
off blindly; the recoil always catches up with the gunman. Using
these rules, it is permissible to fire two or more three-round bursts
ina single turn, though a character can only fire on full-auto once
per turn (and must reload to do it again).

© Full-Auto: The full-auto option is the most damaging
attack a firearm can make, as the attacker unloads the full contents
of a gun's ammunition clip within a very short time span. How-
ever, the gun becomes a bucking bronco, difficult to control and
even harder to aim.

A character gets 10 additional dice to roll on the attack, thus
increasing the chance to hit and cause damage. However, the
difficulty goes up +2 from the recoil.

Full-auto fire can only be done when a weapon has more than
half its clip remaining. Whenever a character uses the full-auto
option, he uses up the entire clip of the weapon. Reloading takes
one full action and requires the character's full concentration (and
Dice Pool).

* Three-Round Burst: The semi-auto option is the middle
ground between the full-auto and the single-shot options, and has
some of the strengths and weaknesses of both. A burst gives the
attacker three additional dice on the attack roll. However, the
recoil increases the difficulty by +1.

© Spray: When using full-auto, a gunman can decide to spray
acrossan area instead of focusing on one foe. A spray uses the extra
10 dice given by full-auto fire, but the attack has a base difficulty
of 5, increased by +1 for every yard covered by the spray, in
addition to other modifie

The player divides any successes gained on the attack roll
evenly between all targets in the covered area. However, if only
one target is in the sprayed area, only half the successes affect him.
The player then assigns any leftover successes as she desires. If the
attacker rolls fewer successes than there are targets, the player may
only assign one to a target until they are used up. This attack also
empties the clip.

The difficulty of a dodge roll against a spray is increased by +2.

Melee and Brawling
Complications

© Multiple Opponents: If a character is battling multiple
opponents in close combat, that character's attack and dodge
difficulties are increased by +1 per opponent (to a maximum of 10).

Flank and Rear Attacks: The difficulty of a flank attack is

lowered by one, while that of a rear attack is lowered by - 2.

* Grapple: An attacker can try to grab a foe, hoping to
immobilize and subsequently crush him. If the attacker scores more
successes than the opponent's Strength, the attacker can pin him.
In the next round, she can begin to inflict harm. Any character
struck by this attack loses his attacks for the current turn. If the
attacker misses altogether (by failing the Dexterity + Brawl roll),
she is knocked down and must spend an action getting to her feet.

Q/

IN

Continuing to grapple during each turn after the first requires
the combatants to make opposed Strength + Brawl rolls. Whoever

accumulates more successes may immobilize the other. If both
score the same number of successes, neither gains the upper hand
this turn.

* Body Slam: A character may also try to charge forward,
hurling his weight into his opponent in an attempt to damage her.

It's possible to hurt oneself with this attack, as bodies were not

meant to be used as battering rams. A character needs three
successes to unbalance an opponent and does one Health Level of
damage to himself for every success fewer than three.

If the attack succeeds, the opponent is thrown off balance,
and the difficulties for the rest of her actions for this round are
increased by +2. Also, if the opponent does not succeed in a
Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty of the successes +3), she fall
to the ground. The base damage done by the attacker equals his
Strength; each success scored on the attack roll above the mini-
mum adds one to this base. If the attacker does not roll at least
three successes, this maneuver fails; he falls to the ground and is
treated as though he had no dice left in his Pool.

Surprise Maneuvers

Warfare is not a static activity; clever mages may come up
with moves which startle their opponents, giving that mage an
edge. Sucker-punches, off-the-wall ricochets, sudden leaps, secret
katas, crotch-kicks, hair-pulls, disarms, feints, thrown salt and a
million other dirty tricks and arcane maneuvers may help to turn
an attacker's attention away for a vital spilt-second, and

The Storyteller can reflect these variations with "freeform
combat." Ifa player describesa clever move, the Storyteller assigns
him a difficulty, and possibly a number of successes, to pull that
feat off. The Traits used should reflect the maneuver: a trick shot
would require an Attribute + Firearms; a weapon attack, Melee; a
low blow, Brawl; and an acrobatic move, Athletics. Martial art
surprises would utilize either Brawl or Do, if the character knows
Do. Physical Traits are not the only ones you could use. Manipu-
lation can trick an opponent, or Intelligence or Perception could
spot an opening in his defenses. Appearance might get him to drop
his guard, and quick Wits can grant the mage that one chance she
needs

The player must decide what she wants to accomplish.
Success might hurt the opponent — deliver an extra Health Level
or two of damage, knock him over, blind him for a turn or so,
disrupt his magick, send his weapon flying, etc., — or give the
player character an edge —a chance to re-roll her initiative, grab
her opponent and hang on, reduce her difficulty by -1 or 2, get her
out of harm's way, etc. The more effective the feat, the higher the
difficulty. A few sample maneuvers are given on the Combat
Chart page.

Even a failure might have some significant effect, even if it's
not the one the player wanted. A botch should be a disaster, one
which puts the mage in a truly tense situation. This, if nothing
else, may keep players from abusing the special maneuver rule.

This variation should notbe abused. Storytellers may feel free
to declare a certain maneuver predictable (especial
acter uses the same trick to excess), raise the stunt's
ignore this rule altogether if she feels a player is trying
with murder. Used properly, though, this variation
flexibility to an otherwise mundane fight.

y-if-the-char———J

Chapter Ten: Dr:

—

uolsuadsy ay] :asey 097

yprseur jo sajna ayp [ye 02 yalqns axe ,
saypo Aue ay! "({29]]Nq 218ew ayp saquioway) dastp jo wNUNIXeUI LOI
dn ‘ofeurep 10 yene ay 02 ssa99Ns aUO ppe ‘ss999Ns [e491

"Ajreayp aas 1,uUe> ays os sa49 J9y OU!
suna pooyg {aef ssej3 e sey ay Suodeam 1y saso] 40 BuryrEUI0s UO
sdysays ‘dn sarey (punom seas 40) ured y>eq pjo sty !auog AuUTY sty,
uo s]]ey ay !9As9U B sayoutd 1oYs INoA ‘41 sMveAp ays se YIRaYs Jay UL

yysnd,, yons uy ayp jo asn

et yea
Jog EN [LUO astAOYPO UE Jo siD9H9 oyp ddUEYUD ALU, Ysnd,,

po8eus s108 uodeam say ‘ypeays apyue 191998 e aAeY NOA LOOP e UI
[eyisew v (,.asepy pur sanyIgy,, aas) swarshs yo a1]

soSpo] uodvam sty pue ‘nod sassiur ay :BuIpMeIg pur aa[a~V
SUOHIDe BULMOTIO} Sty Jo
"noA 2 29] [Ng kB Sad] UISsESsE UE se

ypeo Sunnp papaau sv s]jor yeu! 07 sanuTUOD ay puke ‘AneHTUE
asn{ punoas ay 01 din nos Sd 49830] & pjoy on payrpow Ayjersads P PPF MOXA 1F

saw ayp Uo UIBaq []!4 [J ads papuarxa uy ‘paztnba1se 41018 941 Jo
MOY ay OU! SWUApIoUT asayp 10/4) ‘PJoyUN o7 oUNN aye [TAs Av
ypideur aeyp ure]dxo 02 pasn s9ouaproulos awos ysnoyp ‘AIsnoou

si 40 dy q[ry v sey dn payoid nos un' ayp Sunooys peq no' 405
aaesuaduio> 01 YBnous asn{ payor st aysis s,ayu ayp ‘ueurUNs yp
sny pur sa

loys no:

B}INS [LIDAAS JO SI9YIOIH I9]]Ng & {yaSO]D Your IBY St

-ejueysut suaddey sdoid jo asn ay) NOYIA aoUAISIX9 OUT Para
pur ue dq Sun] oup ssiur 02 suaddey 104s sty ‘papeo] 10u y sod 9 pany Pall

yplseyy ‘uonse jeuou x se |Jads ay sise> pue (f AajNoyyrp ‘ssou
-saraydg sadoid

st und szusuoddo ayp ‘swef uni s,auauoddo arp sysyaaty «

(aysig sardey ,,{190g,, 99g) "AyNoyyIp 2anentur
. yoy 02 E+ Ppe Od oAvY ays And0d snosuLrodwaxa siao1d

mojaq Parsi] aze maj € BuIMoY S22INf—_y yeys on spaou OYA soxYedswIEAIG] v fsnI0j ay Aq, poUTUOIOP

s9a9]9 AyYsIpuay sNOK 193 OY, "(@Aoge 998) Aoua!YyD s,uodeaM 1 Ay no1ytp siup ‘9siNoD JO "[EWLOU URYA AANYpIp A9YsIY v Ie ]]Or
B aduRYLD PUL IeqUIOD UI INd90 UvD sID9Yq JELUAPIOUIOD age

DALIT! sty axeU O2 2aey ABU aY ‘799}}q Ue 91919 01 sN9O4 v sash
-AowUNUU] "IequIOD BuLNp $90} sTOYP (PIA 10) aNPgNs Or ¥>P!BEUE— yFeus e yf -IJee Yon At9A.IeqUIOD arv>1]dUIO9 3, US9Op Y>IBEY
uo Aor Aueur ‘(suewsije, parueysua are suodvam sry) uaym

V8
8 a4 yequioy ul yorsepy
JRQWIOD WSODUEPIOUIOD gray say ams ap sagy"newod suron onbo nome arg

"aaiey sisaya ay Aayns pu UMOP a Ye (YORdo — PasteAsan|noyy!p sry aay ainquy sip Surajoaut s{jor Au *s|]ou
4eYy> ayp Suronpas ‘uopow Apoq 39"AsA1 JOU

Ajjetoadsa) sun Surduse> 02 asiaape you are sai

s,9]}aud10ig) xopezeg aya aye Aew Sew arp ‘Ajareusaye{(jyJoureya — AAAI] S497
ayeur Aew aSew ay YBnoyp uaaa) sae] sised aSeur ayp rdayq ue JO Seda ure
uo yoiog v axejpap Ayduus pue sou J0j 11 YooH9A0 aysiu Nod ‘dn Y"Yat ‘sBunE OWE JUDIaYIP avy JOULE Apog Jo sadAa WAIHI]

souioo ysepjoeq xopeseg v pur Alors aup UF AUIOd asua wAB ALE NOA —_‘S|JO4 EOS 49Y 02 9941p pe Ue JOWLE Apog YIN JoID~IEYD Y

} J] kos & UO pa|jor ad1p BIxo jo Joquinu axp ale

J] Sunsensip aq ues adU0 Ie SuTINII0 sBuNyP Aue OO IeYp PUT

sans

* Damaging your opponent: he twists a leg (maybe it breaks);
acarswerves off the road and hits her; his brakes fail; the fall knocks
the breath out ofher; the blow doesn'tseem to do much, but induces
internal hemorrhaging; your punch is just right and drives frag-
ments of the nose into the brain; she misses you and breaks her hand
against the wall;
are sharks in the water; it's not a tub of water — it's sulfuric acid; the

he fence is electrocuted; a gas main blows; there

TV blows up and sprays glass across the room.

Do Maneuvers

Practitioners of Do have many combat advantages. The
simplest strikes utilize the human body's maximum potential for
efficient damage. This allows a Do stylist to roll his Dexterity + Do
and add his successes to a base amount of damage. The Do Strike
Chart gives the various basic maneuvers and their difficulties and
damage bases.

Do works on various levels; it is a fighting art, a magickal
focus, a philosophy and a self-discipline tool. Advanced stylists
can perform mighty non-magickal feats which are beyond the

scope of this rulebook.

Ombral Combat

When a mage enters the Umbra by any physical means (by
"stepping sideways" or opening a Gauntlet gate), she passes into a
world where the usual laws of reality do not apply. Paradox exists,
albeit reduced. All magick is considered coincidental in the Near
Umbra, no matter what form it takes. There is no Paradox at all in

the Deep Umbra, so really spectacular Effects are possible

All mortals' attack difficulties increase by +1 in the Umbra
Material beings cannot physically harm spirits unless the Umbrood
Materializes (see "Umbrood," Chapter Nine). Mages with three
dots or better in Spirit can sidestep this rule; all others just swipe at
ephemera. Guns are no good here. Life and Matter magick are
worthless unless the Umbrood Materializes. The Spirit Sphere acts as
Life magick when used against beings of ephemera (and Matter when
used against inanimate ephemera), while Entropy 4 + Prime 2 inflicts
damage against such beings on their home ground,

Attacks which go against an Umbrood's Attribute (ie.,aspirit
dodging to avoid an incoming Force bolt) are figured against its
Willpower. In other words, the dodging spirit would roll its Will-
power against the mage's successes instead of its Dexterity + Dodge.

Fighting Spirits

Spirits do not physically attack. A hostile spirit rolls its
Willpower to hit instead, then rolls its Rage to do damage (if it
succeeded in the first roll), both at difficulty 6. The Umbrood is
taking out its anger on the offender, not physically assaulting her
(unless it's Materialized, of course). Each success rolled inflicts one
aggravated Health Level of damage. A mage can soak this with
either Spirit (and only Spirit) countermagick, difficulty 6, or by
rolling her Arete against difficulty 8. Each success reduces the
spirit's damage by one Health Level. Spirits who fight each other
reduce each other's Power, not Health.

A Materialized spirit attacks, soaks or defends using its Mate-
rialized Attributes, though Gnosis stills stands in for Social and
Mental Traits. Spirits cannot soak damage unless they have the
Armor Charm. While a Materialized spirit can take aggravated
damage on Earth, spirits feel no difference between damage types in
the Umbra (ouch). Ephemeral beings reduced below zero Power
dissipate, sometimes to re-form later, sometimes to die completely.

eS

Chapter Ten: Drama 261

I


Melee Weapons Ae
Weapon Difficulty Dass. =
4 Strengt
en 4 Strength +1 T
hai 4 Strength +1 J
an 5 Strength +3 T
a 6 Strength +4 T
bHe 7 * Strength +5 N
xe

Firefight Complicati
Complication - Difficulty

Changing action
Immobilization
Long range
Point-blank
Lying flat
Behind pole
Behind wall
~ Only head exposed.
"Movement
Aiming
Scope
Specific area of target
Multiple shots
Full-auto
Three-round burst
Spray

Stret
Strength +1
Special;

see Options
Strength +1
Strength +2

+1

+2

+1/extra shot
43

+1

5 +h/yard

ons

Dice

+10

Combat Summary Chart
Stage One: Initiative

* Roll Wits + Alertness (difficulty 4). The winner declares her action last
(after she has heard eve:

tyone else's actions) and performs it first.
* Declare Dice Pool division if performing multiple actions,

* Declare any magick cast. Only one magick roll may be made each turn,

Stage Two: Attack
¢ For firearms combat, roll Dexterity + Firearms.

For melee (with weapons) combat, roll: Dexterity + Melee.
For hand-to-hand (without weapons) combat, roll Dexterity + Brawl,
Dodge: roll Dexterity + Dodge. A character can fe

forfeit some orall of his Dice Pool
to dodge at any time; each success subtracts one from the opponents successes.

Stage Three: Resolution :

* Roll damage, determined by weapon or maneuver (difficulty 6).
* Soak damage: roll Stamina (difficulty 6).

General Complications i:
* Changing Actions: The difficulty increases by +1. f
* Immobilization: The difficulty to hit an
* Stunning: When Health Level da

stunned and cannot act next turn,

immobilized target is decreased by -2.
mage exceeds Stamina rating, the target is

Spirit Combat Table

Stage One: Initiative

° Asal iri il

Pi —e eeL roll Willpower for initiative,

* Roll Willpower (difficulty 6) unl

(refer to the Charm description)

a Dodge: Willpower (difficuley 6),
‘tween attack and dodge.

Stage Two: Resolution
.

less a Charm is being used

or split Willpower Dice Poo]

Surprise Maneuvers

Sample Feats

Difficulty Successes
Extra damage +2 perHealth Level one
+1 initiative 7 two or more
Acrobatic flip 7-10 one or more
ie : two or more
pe on
Rie : e per yard moved

one per turn

Dodges

A normal hand-to-hand d
Difficulty Terrain

2 By moving back hala
Full cover within divi
Full cover within ru
Partial cover within
Flat and featureless,

lodge difficulty is 6; for firefights, see below:

step, the character is back under full coy
ing distance (one yard)

inning distance (three yards)

running distance (three yards)

no cover (the character dives to the ground)

Firearms Table
Difficulty Damage Range —_Rate Clip — Concealment ee

6 4 12 3 6 P

ial
17+1 P
Glock-17 (9mm) —
Rifle 5+1 N
sa M-700 (.30-06) =
SMG, Large* x 32+1 TT.

UZI (9mm)

Shotgun 5+1 T
ithaca M-37 (12- )

Crossbow** 7 5: 20 1 1 t
Range: This is the practical range of the gun in yards. A character may fire up to double the listed range;
however, that is considered a long-range shot.
Rate: The maximum number of bullets or three-round bursts the gun can fire in a single turn. The rate
does not apply to full-auto or spray fire.
Clip: The number of bullets that can be held in one clip or in the barrel. The +1 indicates a bullet can
be held in the chamber, making the gun ready to fire.
Concealment: P = can be hidden in a pocket; J = can be hidden inside a jacket; T = can be hidden inside
a trenchcoat; N = cannot be hidden on one's person at all. ~ 23
easiite __ * indicates the gun is capable of three-round bursts, full-auto fire and sprays. 2
i ** The crossbow is included with this list for those characters who wish to use one to stake vampires.
: However, unlike firearms, it does not add successes on the attack roll to the Dice Pool for damage.
Additionally, a crossbow takes five turns to reload.


NY,

Injury

Attention to health is the greatest hindrance to life
— Plato

The inevitable result of combat, injuries are
gauged by Health Levels (see Chapter Six). Each
wound causes the loss of one Health Level. The
player simply checks off Health Levels as her
character loses them; the last check made indi-
cates the character's current Health Level. As the
character heals the damage, her player erases the
check marks.

Think of Health as a spectrum with Bruised at one end and
Incapacitated at the other. Asa character takes more wounds, she
travels down that spectrum until she finally reaches Incapaci-
tated. When she heals, she simply removes the checks one by one,
until she is again in perfect health.

Each success on an opponent's damage roll indicates a loss of
one Health Level. If a foe scores two successes, the player checks
off two Health Levels, starting with Bruised and going down to
Hurt. Ifa mage takes damage beyond the Incapacitated Level, she
dies. Once a mage dies, her Avatar flees into the spirit world, to
be reconstituted and reintroduced into the human race as new
people are born.

Injury hurts in more ways than one. Listed next to each
Health Level on the character sheet is a penalty number. This
number is subtracted from all the character's Dice Pools. A mage
who is Wounded, for example, would have two fewer dice to roll
onall Dice Pools as long as her condition remains Wounded. This
subtraction reflects the crippling effects of the wounds the char-
acter has received. These penalties do not apply to Arete rolls, but
they do subtract from Willpower rolls.

Wounds

Damage can have different effects on a character, depending
on the nature of the injury. Naturally, mages can heal themselves
and others through Life magicks (see below).

Stunning (Optional Rule)

Ifa mage takes more damage from a single attack than she has
Stamina dots, she may, at Storyteller's option, be stunned for the
next turn. This alternative can be deadly when used on (relatively
, but stunning your opponent may be the only way to
survive an encounter with a werewolf or mythic monster.

Aggravated Wounds

Mages occasionally suffer wounds so terrible thateven magick
will not heal them. These wounds are called aggravated wounds,
and a mage can only heal them through the painfully slow natural
process, shown on the Normal Healing Time chart, or by using
vulgar magick and spending a point of Quintessence per Health
Level healed. Common sources of aggravated wounds include the
claws of vampires and werewolves, weapon Talismans, acid and
toxic waste, vulgar Life and Entropy Effects and attacks by angry
spirits.

Aggravated wounds should be indicated on the character
sheet with an X rather than a check.

264 Mage: The Ascension

Death

For all their power, mages are mortal. Without recourse to
healing magicks, they often die from severe injuries. When some-
one reaches Incapacitated, he is one Health Level away from
death. If he is injured one more time, or if the flow of blood from
his body cannot be stanched, he will die.

Sources of Injury

There are many ways to inflict harm upon a character. These
sources of injury are described below. Note that damage to mages
is applied exactly like damage to Sleepers. Only after damage has
been calculated does the player get to reduce the effects with
magick, provided the damage is not aggravated.

Combat

See the previous section. Each success on a damage roll causes
the character to lose one Health Level.

Disease and Poison

Poison and human diseases affect mages like they would any
other mortal. The Awakened, however, do not generally die from
by mundane means — their powers of recuperation are better than
that. Health Levels lost to disease or poison are assumed to be
normal wounds. Once they're healed, the person is cured. Some
severe diseases and vicious poisons must be treated as aggravated
wounds — the mage's coincidental miraculous recovery must take
acertain amount of time. The only other option is vulgar magick
(and wasted Quintessence).

Falling

The sad result of missing that much-needed Dexterity +
Athletics roll. Use the falling chart to calculate damage. Charac-
ters can make Stamina rolls to try to "soak" damage, though; the
difficulty is an 8. Each success means one fewer Health Level is lost
(the mage happens to fall into the passing garbage truck, etc.).
Each botch means an additional Health Level is lost.

Fire

Fire, it's often said, is the worst way to go. A character struck
(orworsestill, enveloped) by flames takes damage according tothe
Fire chart. The player may roll a number of dice equal to the
character's Stamina rating against the difficulties listed below.
The player must roll each turn the character is in the flames to see
if she can resist the damage. If the roll fails, the character takes
from one to three Health Levels of damage (see the second chart).
If the roll succeeds, the character takes one fewer Health Level of
damage per success than she normally would. Ifthe roll is botched,
the character is harmed in some special way — perhaps she loses
her eyesight or her limbs are maimed. This may account for the
Verbena's hatred of Inquisitors.

Suffocation and Drowning

Without air, even mages will die. A sorcerer can hold her
breath fora length of time based on her Stamina (see chart) —she
can even extend this time by spending Willpower points (one for
every additional 30 seconds). If she cannot get air by the time her
options run out, she suffocates or drowns at a rate of one Health
Level per turn. While this is not aggravated damage, she cannot
heal it until she leaves that hostile environment. Once she reaches

Incapacitated, the mage dies within one minute per point of
Stamina.

Healing

The human body has an amazing ability to repair itself. Given

Levels
based on the chart. Time given is the length of time it takes to
recover that particular Health L

time and proper health care, humans can recover Health

vel — other Levels must also be

healed. Thus, if the character takes three months to recover from
being Mauled, she must still take the time to heal Wounded,
Injured and so on.

Magick, naturally, can speed this process immeasurably. The
Sphere of L ety of magickal Effects that accelerate the
body's healing ability (see Chapter Eight). Healing magick can
even be performed as coincidental magick: the bullet only grazed
arib or hit a lucky whiskey flask that the mage just happens to be

fe hasa

carrying in her chest pocket (creating the flask requires Matter +
Prime, just for the record)

Injury Charts

Fire oe
i ffi Heat of Fir:
et Heat of a candle (first-degree burns) é
: Heat of a torch (second-degree burns
: Heatof: ‘aBunsen bumer (third-degree burns
: Heat of a chemical fire
if Molten metal
8 Size of Fire
ae Torch; pat of body burned
te Bonfire; half of body burned J
as Raging inferno; entire body burne
nree

Normal Healing Times

Health Level Time

Bruised One day

Hurt Three days
Injured _ One week
Wounded One month
Mauled Three months
Crippled Three months
Incapacitated Three months

Drowning/ Suffocation
Stamina Holding Breath

i 30 seconds
; One minute
é Two minutes
i Four minutes
5 Eight minutes
6 15 minutes
7 20 minutes
4 30 minutes (1)
Fallin $
Dist i
pee | (in feet) Injury
a One Health Level
Treany Wo Health, Levels
fe Three Health Levels
. Four Health Levels /
oe Five Health Levels
i Six Health Levels

Seven Health Levels

and so on, {0a maximum o 10 Healt! evels,
f 10H, th Li
s

DWE

Vy

ee [ES

FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE
TH'S DEATH, | FEEL FREE.

Vrs BEEN A LONG

1 TIME SINCE | HAD

aati SUCH REMARKABLE
COMPANY.

SORRY... DION'T MEAI
TO, UM, INTREDE:

NO INTRUSION. I'M GLAO,
§ REALLY. IT'S QUIET UP
HERE... AND LONELY. f'¢

THERE'S NO

\ NEEO TO BE
N EMBARRASSED.
IM GLAD TO HAVE)
SOME COMPANY.


\ SN
he latest installment of Wendy'sé sions of Wolves," finds her playe
(Phil) and Atropos (Shad. i 1 mot
lode, rumored to have been
thoroughly enjoying the hi
ould be much more comfor

‘4
ik | Sy
|

| J
LY

| OION'T REALIZE A
YOU HAD A... 27
FRIEND. pm,

RB ATI

4 YOUR TIMING

A'S AS GREAT
AS EVER

o
?

A

gis \

'

p oe,
iene

- SPEAKING OF. a)
4 | NS
ward

MINUTE... LET'S

SEE WHAT YY
YOU REALLY ff
LOOK LIKE, )
LOVERBOY,

ie a z
PG


72

| WISH YOU

HADN'T DONE
THAT. NOW
"LL HAVE TO
HURT YOU.

THIS PLACE |S MINE,
TRESPASSERS! ANY
QUESTIONS?

Zi Og Tha
\ Sh aes


\| AY cause she's gota
|. Revolver, Atropos gets
"SS three shots. Shadow splits —

5 size. Shadow —
10. successes) with
* h


NG Al

The world comes to us in an endless stream of puzzle pieces that we
would like to think all fit together somehow, but that in fact never do

Robert Pirsig, Lila

Antagonists

Ss lee pe rs Rumors circulate that the United States government funds

some special research, designated "Project PSI," and has achieved

Don't let your mages' mastery of the Arts fool a measure of success. Has the government managed to Awaken

you into thinking that mundane humansare push- test subjects? And what about the number of mages who hav
overs. There are quite a few organizations in the disappeared in the last few years...? In general, though, these
World of Darkness that are as dangerous to the departments seem to be concentrating on their own "

king"
= Britain also has an organization devoted to the investigation
Governments of the paranormal, but it's difficult to trace. Some suspect some

connections to similar organizations dating back hundreds of

round.

research

Awakened as they are to each other. brea

When a nation forms a government, it is not 0
wisdom, but power which they place in the hands of the magistrate. Yeats. British mysticks report that Scotland Yard has investigated
Charles Sprading, Freedom and its Fundamental mage-related incidents with unnerving accuracy. Some say that a
: : : vampire actually controls this group, using it to combat her
How much do the world governments suspect? How much do
0 enemies
they know? How firmly are they under the control of mages or

ne In the United States, interest in magickal activity can be
other supernatural entities? It's hard to say. Many governments

‘ederal Bureau of Investigation and the

traced to two agencies: the

have agencies or departments devoted to the investigation of
National Security Agency.

paranormal occurrences. Most of these, especially on the military
end, seem to be devoted to extrasensory phenomena such as ESP,

clairvoyance and telekinesis.

272 Mage: The Ascension


The FBI might contain several individuals who suspect the
truth, anda special department devoted to the investigation of the

paranormal could exist. Originally formed to neutralize the impact
of suspected "Communist Thought Control" research, this depart-
ment, known generally as Special Affairs (though its members
rarely identify themselves as such) is involved in continuing
investigations. It is believed that some of Special Affairs' investi-
gations into paranormal activities in the '50s and '60s may have
uncovered some mage-related information. Despite this, Special
Affairs has dwindled significantly in power and members over the
years. The FBI demands proof of suspected activities before action
can be taken, and hard proof has eluded the Sleepers within the
department. Circumstantial evidence of magickal activity no
doubt abounds, but that last, necessary piece of tangible evidence
has escaped Special Affairs — so far.

It is believed that the NSA, a giant fact-sifting agency
concerned with national security, keeps an active file on super-
natural events, especially significant Paradox effects, but treats
odd events as a subclassification of terrorism. The agency has not
yet made the connections that would reveal the whole picture;
instead, it flags police and news reports that contain interesting ot

anomalous facts. Inv

tigation only occurs after the computer, ot
a reviewer, notices weird occurrences that may be related. While
many believe that the NWO receives information straight from
the agency's files, no one knows for sure how much the Sleepers
themselves might know. The resources that could be brought to
bear if the truth were discovered, are truly frightening,

© Police Officer: At one time or another, mages will find
themselves on the wrong side of the law. Most local cops patrol in

police cruisers. Help is only a radio call away, and usually one to
five other cars arrive within minutes of an emergency call. In
extreme emergencies, up to 50 other police officers can be called
in to help within 10 minutes (at least in a city)

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 15/9/3, Back-

grounds 7, Willpower 6

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, except for Physical
Traits where you can assume ratings of 3.
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Bureaucracy 1, Com-
puter 1, Dodge 2, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Investigation 2, Law 2,
Leadership 1, Melee 1, Police Procedure 3, Stealth 1, Streetwise 1,
Technology 1
Equipment: Lt. Revolver, Lt. Auto. Pistol, Pump Shotgun, Billy
Club, Handcuffs, Radio, Badge, Flashlight

* Police Detective: Police detectives are called to th
of murders and other major crimes. Unearthly crimes will bring
detectives running. These statistics are also good for private eyes,
who may work as acolytes for interested parties.
Character Creation: Attributes 8/5/3, Abilities 17/9/3, Back-
grounds 7, Willpower 7

scenes

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, except for Perception
and Wits, where you can assume ratings of 3 or even 4.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Bureaucracy 1, Com-
puter 2, Dodge 1, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Intimidation 1, Investigation4,
Law 2, Leadership 2, Melee 1, Police Procedure 4, Stealth 1,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3, Technology 2

Equipment: Lt. Revolver, Lt. Auto. Pistol, Handcuffs, Radio,
Badge, Flashlight

IN

* Government Agent: These characters can be from the FBI,
the NSA, the CIA, Project PSI (seeking mystick "recruits") or
whatever local government agency is appropriate. They will often
have a great deal of backup and authority.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/5/4, Abilities 18/10/6, Back-
ground 7, Willpower 8

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, except for Perception
and Intelligence, where you can assume ratings of at least 3.
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Bureau-
cracy 2, Computers 1, Dodge 2, Drive 3, Expression 1, Firearms 3,
Intimidation 2, Investigation 4, Law 3, Leadership 3, Police
Procedure 5, Politics 1, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 1, Technology 2

Equipment: Lt. Revolver, Hvy. Auto. Pistol, Submachine Gun,
Video Camera, Forensics Lab, Portable Phone Tap, Portable Lie
Detector, Bugs, Class II Armor, Mirrorshades

The Inquisition

Itis ironic that science and magic were thrown together during the
Church's persecution of new ideas. Galileo suffered as much as
Agrippa. Now that science reigns supreme, religion and magic have
been put in the same category. Both are considered airy-fairy subjects,
not to be seriously pursued by intelligent people — archaic carryovers
from a superstitious past.

— Donald Tyson, The New Magus

Mortals have always been torn between the desire to worship
and the thirst to destroy those things which appear different or
raordinary. The Inquisition, which arose to combat supernatu-
ral beings

ave a

ex

is the epitome of this divided urge. In the name of
worship, they hunt, torture and kill their enemies.

Witch-hunters of all kinds have always existed, often driven
by fear, jealousy, religious zeal and legitimate concern. An official
Christian Inquisition, however, began in Europe in the early
1200s. While some sources blame extremists among the budding
Chorus or the early Order of Reason Convention called the Cabal
of Pure Thought, the roots of the movement seem to have begun
among mortals fed up with some mysticks' excesses (see Chapter
Two). The Chorus and Cabal, however, were quick to feed the
fires, and for several hundred years, magicians were hunted and
killed in great numbers.

Eventually, the witchfires burned out, but one group kept the
legacy alive: the Society of Leopold. Though no longer supported
or sanctioned by the Catholic Church, most of its members still
hail from that faith. This Society is a loose secret confederation of
scholars and high-ranking priests who keep in touch mainly
through letters and rare conferences. Rumors say this modern
Inquisition is a suicide squad for high-ranking mages of the
Celestial Chorus, sent out to disrupt the plans of other Traditions
(the Vatican Chantry hotly denies this). Others claim that the
NWOstill supportsan offshoot with its roots in the Templar order.

With rare exceptions, however, the hunters of the Inquisition are
un-Awakened mortals. This does not impair their efficiency, and
such hunters are among the most dangerous foes a mage will ever
encounter. They have vast libraries, crusader's zeal and oc
powers of faith that disrupt even the s
countermagick).

‘asional

The templates below can represent indep
hunters who pursue the Awakened for their ow!

IN

ZN

ID.

rongest magicks (i.e. holy

~uayp uaddey aysiu aya
smouy A]UO spos pue — sioop s19y2 01 WNUeDTY atp pea] pjnoo aed
SpNsdus yp uO UORE]N2]EIsTUN Y "WI2DUO9 aUIOS saBeUL asMeD seop
aouarstxa s,uoRepunoy ayp ‘ssajayyaAay "sSuNUNeY pue sapoerur
‘orfiew :aunqeu 9]q13ue2 ssaj eo euatOUDYA UI parsazaqUT a10WH ag 02
waas sistueaiy ‘sfoym e sly "wstondays yi y>1eyy any jo sayea
predaz 01 1ynotp are Yyjasit wnueozy ap pur ‘siaquiaw asaya ing
‘mou pue azay ap Ul asJaIU! Jo aaaap B UMOYs aAeY OYM sIaquioU
aulos 218 194] "POM Wopou ayp UEYp Jayperased ay uo AjeMLd
snoo} Aayp ang ‘uoReUO;UT parejaz-3[N290 jo Apmis pue SuLayEs
ayp 01 st UOHOAap AY ‘aonseId tpIM URL ALoaypP Ya paus9>
-Wo9 a1oUL Was "AaI1D0s FEMIDaI[a1UT Jo WreDID ay? Wo parImud9z

‘sioquiow say "euUa!A, ue slivg ‘UOISog UF sasnof] UORepUNCg
asi] aap ym sasnopy Jadeys Auew sey winuessy oy,
-Aonsop 10U s9op 1nq
‘sarpmas winueory ayy ‘stuny yous ut aesua Ajjenaoe s9Aau pur
uonisinbuy ayp tpi parsouuos Apuauns you are Aayp 4AIMO}y
jettl Jo pousea] puke UoNsINbUy ay UI paayoaut MoyautOS

a1atp
sk Ua ANYA\ Pap]ed-Os asaya aeyI aaatjaq aWOg ,"sUOW,
ANYA,, 742 J]9sI1 papueag sey ywyp dnoss v yo sasisuod wNueDIy
ayy Jo 9109 ayy "YoYUR) uaa yoeq sarep Aaorsty sat ‘S14 QOT
ueyp sso] 404 paastxa Ayyeuno A[uo sey wnuEDZy ayp YBNoY L

"Aep styp 01 sastsiad s9pyo sty "winueDTy
dy) UOJ 0} pamuN siUApIssIp asaya "OUeYD aI ve Sunyerp
sayy "Stapyo aanioadsaz stay ya] sAejoyps pue siUOHNEd Is9q
.Sdnou8 yog jo Auew rey (puLsg ,sasoy ayp Jo3eA\,, tadedsmou
ueisueg oy) 99uay uaWUFEUAIUD pure) JepuLds dIqQnd e Yons

atuiodaq slapio ay UaaMag SUNYsY ay] ‘sURIONUDISOY Jo sIapIO
oma Uaaaniag asore ($9910) ISA ‘paaatjaq aq 01 axe spIOM JI
JI pur) sproas Jo zwar Vy *(szeM yerUOIeG Ys![sUq oy? 02 parejas 10U)
SOORT 928] ay UT sg PUNorE passiUad IeYD ,sas0y ap Jo 1eA\,,

Jeonisdut ay? 02 pases aq ueD WhUEDZY atp Jo VOReUNOS 9y L

posing wosf Bung ye199A07 "gH —

mau auo Kuo ft snoxasuout ‘12499 aWOg

daay 01 pawaas wy spiom snouns w Suyquias.

"yBnouyp 1 paqunyy pup awor rsaavau ay dn 400,

dvay poqqomgoo v wosf pun ‘pauunyo ‘pasaiue |

winueoJy 94

"aqoy
‘soyay ‘snneusy "Ig Jo [epayy ‘ss01D sayig ‘9]qQIq sUaWdnby
(way asurese pasn araydg Aue
asoddo 02 asn eur Kat Yorya "y>1SeULIAIUNOD Jo a9Ip aay 02 aUO
uaaatag aaey Aeu siaqtuaut peuondaoxa autog "¢ tpTearg ‘¢ a>] >
‘p sunwanty ‘4 ‘a8pog ‘¢ |wWeIg ssassod — nor pue somdurea
Aonsap osje ym aso — sioquny-youm Aueyy) | ABojouysa L
*] Jeataang ‘7 adnyiarqng ‘¢ youeasay ‘Z SoHo *¢ 31N99Q "¢ AULD
pay ‘¢ sonsinsury ‘7 UoNeSnsaauy ‘ uoNINIUT "¢ UONeprUUT
‘7 uorssordxg ‘¢ auanbng ‘4 seu81ug ‘7 aamyng ‘¢ AZojoursoc)
Iqy parsasing
soinqumay yeotsdyg ysry aay
s1oqUNY-YDUM |Nyssadons Isopy "¢ 94 UDYO P[NoYs Yorym ‘9oUa3
-t]Je1u 40} adaoxa ‘7 jo sBunes auinssy :sainquay parsad3ng
OI 22Modj}1 4 ‘9 spunoss
peg ‘L/Z1/1Z SPHIIGY ‘¢/9/g seINquNY :UOneaID Jo}DeIeYD
"yoinyy ayp jo a8paymouy Jewry aya now st op
Aaya aeyp [py "S1apz0 AJoy snouea ayp Jo au0 Jo siaquisus uaYo IsoUL
‘uonisinbuy ayp jo quae au are asayy HaIUNY-YoAy &

‘7 bow.

oneaing ‘7 ssouareMy ‘7 ssoULa]Yy ‘Sar

uoIsuadsy ay] :aseyy


¢ Scholar: These intellectuals are involved in the gathering
and classification of paranormal matters of all sorts, including
alleged magick use. They are not interested in violent confronta-
tion with the supernatural, and will avoid such at all costs. When
in the field, investigators operate in groups of two to four to
provide witnesses and greater safety.
Character Creation: Attributes 9/6/3, Abilities 15/9/3, Back-
grounds 7, Willpower 10
Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, except for Charisma,
Intelligence, and Manipulation, which should be 3 or even 4.
Suggested Abil
Etiquette
Occult 4, Research 5, Science 3, Subterfu;
perform field work

ies: Bureaucracy 2, Culture 2, Drive 1, Enigmas 3,
adership 4, Linguistics 4,
2. Those who routinely

xpression 2, Intimidation 1

photographing ghosts, collecting ectoplasm,
measuring the "magical" energy of ley lines — often possess Alert-
ness 1, Awareness 2, Intuition 3, Medicine 1, Survival 1
Equipment: Automobile, various "gadgets," investigative para-
phernalia

Mysticks
In many ways, the worst enemy an Awakened One can have

is another mage. The following templates and characters may be

used as Storyteller characters or as inspiration for same.

Sample Templates

© An Apprentice has yet to study the principles of magick, or
has begun study but has not yet achieved Rank One in any Sphere.
He's more important for who he may become than for what he can
do at the moment

Ww ww

HL

Character Creation: Attributes: 6/4/3, Abilities: 10/8/3, Back-
grounds: 3, Willpower: 3, Spheres: none, Arete: 1-2

* A Disciple seeks enlightenment, and has achieved moder-
ate prowess in at least one Sphere (Rank Three and lower)
Character Creation: Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Back-
grounds: 5, Willpower: 5, Spheres: 6, Arete: 1-4

* An Adept has reached a le

el that has transformed her

perception. She has gathered personal power in at least one

Sphere (Rank Four) and usually others as well.

Character Creation: Attributes: 8/6/3 Abilities: 19/10/5, Back-
grounds: 7, Willpower: 8, Spheres: 15, Arete: 4-6

d Rank Five or higher in one Sphe

al others at Adept status or higher.

© A Master has achie

and probably commands se
Master mysticks have expanded their vision beyond human con-
cerns, while Master-level Technomancers control the politics and
tactics of lower-ranking underlings

Character Creation: Attributes: 9/6/5, Abilities: 22/10/6, Back-
grounds: 10+, Willpower: 8-10, Spheres: 15-30, Arete: 8+

Errant: Mark Hallward Gillan
Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Rebel

Essence: Dynamic

Attributes
nipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 3, Ma:

Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Etiquette 1,
Expression 2, Investigation 3, Meditation 2, Occult 4,
Survival 2

reetwise 5,

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Arcane 3, Avatar 2, Destiny 2

X

IN,

WZ ON

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 2, Forces 1, Mind 1, Prime 1,
Spirit 3

Paradox: 5

Image: 5' 10," 150 Ibs., age 39, apparent age early 30s. Blond
hair (black eyebrows), black eyes, handsome features, sturdy
build. Cool, sardonic manner. Us
jacket, black pants. (Due to a minor Paradox Flaw, Gillan feels
chilly in all weather.)

ally wears wool sweater, leather

Born and raised in Melbourne, Gillan served as a mercenary
in several African conflicts during the 1970s. The Order of
Hermes recruited Gillan in Angola in 1976, shortly aftera terrible
combat experience Awakened him. Studying at Doissetep, he

progressed slowly as a Disciple, as his rebellious attitude alienated

his superiors. Upon graduation as an Adept, he chose assignment
at a Chantry in New Orleans.

In 1992, he claimed to have discovered an Euthanatos
conspiracy. An Elder investigated and found no basis for the
accusation. Gillan's complaints grew more shrill and paranoid,
and he appealed to the Order's Grievance Council. The Council
gave his matter a fair hearing and refused action. Gillan made no
protest then, but six months ago he left his Chantry after assault-
ing the Elder. Recently he has become a sometime ally to a cabal
of non-Hermetic Tradition mages who pursue this so-called con-

spiracy with grim determination.

Gillan's most notable characteristic is his iron nerve; wit-
nesses have seen him taunt an Umbrood Lord. He once faced an
Outsider Thing in a Void Engineer Construct and emerged with
his mind intact (though he was sweating). Though he rarely
boasts, Gillan claims he once arm-wrestled a powerful vampire,
named "Methuselah" ot "the Methuselah" and almost won. That

he remains alive after so many uneven confrontations means
Gillan has unknown resources. Anyone encountering this Errant
should deal with him carefully.

The Order of Hermes Central Security Council has pro-
nounced the punishments of Censure, Interdiction and Requital
on Mark Hallward Gillan. Hermetic mages are cautioned to avoid
any social contact with him wh

Technocrats
Cyborgs

The steel legions of Iteration X employ a variety of deadly
BioMechanicals to enforce their vision of Utopia. Though less
powerful than the dreaded HIT Marks, the Convention's cyborgs
offer greater flexibility, intelligence and, in some cases, magickal
ability that more than make up for their comparative fragility.

soever.

The most common cyborgs are simply un-Awakened acolytes
who carry permanent modifications — often weapons, scanners,
transmitters and processing programs. These processes include minor
indoctrination feeds and internal Mind-monitors to ensure loyalty.
Alll Iteration X mages have some degree of cybernetic enhancement
as well. In most cases, these supply basic foci or minor mundane
powers, built into the Iterator's body. Though such enhancements are
unusual by mundane standards, most modern Sleepers will accept
their Effects (read: they're usually coincidental).

276

Mage: The Ascension

The precious Awakened cyborgs carry firepower rivaling a

small military detachment; Talisman weapons, armor and other
Devices augment any additional technomagicks the Iterator might
know. Such cyborgs are carefully screened, heavily monitored and
constantly indoctrinated — they are far too valuable to lose and too
powerful to be allowed to defect. Many remain in reserve in extra
dimensional Realms, work with the Void Engineer Boarder Corps
. The extreme power of

or goon covert missions under night's cov'
some of their Effects and Devices attract Paradox even in the best
of circumstances (read: they're often pretty vulgar).

Common Cyborg

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 2, Ma-
nipulation 1, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 2, Brawl 2 (4 for
combat models), Computer 1-4, Drive 1, Firearms 3, Intimidation 2,
Melee 2 (4 for combat models), Technology 2-4 (non-combat

models may have Etiquette, Leadership, Investigation, Medicine
or Streetwise at 1-4, depending)

Spher
Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1 (x2), -2 (x2), -5, Incapacitated
Armor Rating: 2 (six soak dice, total)
Attacks/Powers: Two or three of the following:
claws (5 dice damage), Strength enhancement (to 6), medical
3 dots in any Knowledge. Most carry

: none

Radio, IR vision,

supplies, miniature tools,
mundane firearms as well

Awakened Cyborg

Attributes: Strength 4, De
nipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

terity 2, Stamina 5, Charisma 1, Ma-

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 4, Com-
puter 1, Dodge 2, Firearms 4, Intimidation 3, Melee 4, Technology 2
Spheres: Forces 2-4, Mind 1, Prime 2

Arete: 1-6

Quintessence: 10

Paradox: usually lots

Willpower: 3 (Technocratic programming; effectively 7 for
magickal purposes & resistance)

Health Levels: OK (x3), -1 (x3), -2, -2, -5, Demolished

Armor Rating: 2 (seven soak dice, total)

Innate Countermagick: one die's worth of Primium coating
Attacks/Powers: Any three of the powers above, plus one or two
Devices ("Arete" 5) that simulate the following Effects: Sense
Quintessence (Prime), Telepathy, Multi-Tasking (Mind), Di
charge Static, System Havoc, Force Bolt (Forces/Prime). Most
also carry mundane firearms in the field.

Hyper Intelligence
Technologies Mark V

HIT Marks are reserved for Iteration X's dirtiest work. These
flesh-coated robots are programmed to seek and destroy the enemies
of the Technocracy, whether Tradition mages, Marauders or
Nephandi. Halfliving flesh, half mechanical construct, these killing
machines look relatively human, so longas they wear trenchcoats or
other concealing clothing. HIT Mark camouflage lets them pass as
ordinary men and women, indistinguishable from Sleepers except


for their eyes: a flicker of red laser light flashes in a HIT Mark's eyes
every few seconds (which often warns those who know what to look
for). However, when HIT Marks enter combat mode, chain guns pop
from their arm cavities, laser sights flip down over their eyes, and
razor-sharp tungsten talons slide from fingertip sheaths.

Worst of all, HIT Marks are sheathed in the rare
countermagickal alloy Primium. Though they have no magickal
abilities themselves, HIT Marks are programmed to match or
exceed Sleeper limits in most physical abilities, and show an
amazing capacity to absorb damage. The Marks have demon
strated only routine intelligence, but their internal computers give
them many skills and a wide knowledge of many subjects. Mages
on their bad side are advised to strike from surprise with full force,
if feasible, or retreat if confronted directly

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Charisma 1, Ma-
nipulation 1, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, all Skills 3 (except Meditation and
Stealth), any Knowledges 3 (except Cosmology and Occult)
Spheres: none

Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK (x5), -1, - 5, Terminated

Armor Rating: 4 (nine soak dice, total)

Attacks/Powers: Chain gun (200 rounds; difficulty 7, damage 8,
range 150, rate 3); claws (eight dice damage), IR vision

Innate Countermagick: 2 dice worth of Primium; some advanced
models may have as many as 5 dice worth of such protection. These
murderous things are very rare (at the moment...).

Men in Black

These dark-suited agents in sunglasses, bearing black brief-
cases and riding in black Cadillacs, appear close on the heels ofany
threat to the New World Order. Once they arrive, these agents
intimidate everyone around them, probably through use of a
coincidental Mind Effect. Dressed entirely in black, most are pale
and hairless with no distinguishing features. Mind probes turn up
no thoughts or memories. Life magick shows their bodies to be
healthy yet somehow hollow, as if lacking a soul. Spirit magick
detects an ominous aura. They seldom speak, and their exact
motives are always secret.

Men in Black travel in organized groups of three or more, The

Hermetic Order believes each specializes in two Spheres. Tradi-

tion mages frequently observe them working together to create
conjunctional Effects, though they may use magick independently
as well. Most carry interesting gadgets, which they use as foci for
their various Effects.

After death, a Man in Black melts into nothingness. No
reports indicate that this Effect ever attracted a Paradox spirit, and
the NWO servitors apparently suffer little from Paradox. Though
some sources and encounters suggest different types of Men in
Black (some with more independence than others), these agents'
true nature remains unknown.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 2, Ma-
nipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Dodge 2, Drive 2,
Enigmas 1, Firearms 3, Intuition 3, Intimidation 3, Investigation 3,
Meditation 2, Melee 3, Occult 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Stealth 5

277

Appendix


278 Mage: The Ascension

ee

Backgrounds: Arcane 3, Allies 3

Spheres: Two at 3 (often Mind, Forces, Prime or Time; rarely
Spirit)

Arete: 3-5

Willpower: 8

Quintessence: varies
Paradox: varies

Health Levels: OK (x3), -1, -
Attacks/Powers: In addition to mundane weaponry and Force-
magick foci, MIBs often generate a constant Mind 2 aura of fear to

5, Vaporized

anyone in the vicinity

Victors

Victors serve as the Progenitors' common muscle, together
aboratory-bred monsters. Whether the name

with the Progenitors'

indicates "victory," an obscure reference to Victor Frankenstein or

some other significance is unknown outside the Convention's
laboratories. Bred in the Convention's bio-tech vats, Victors further
the Progenitors' Pogrom by replacing key leaders in many fields with
loyal Progenitor clones. Superiors make the actual replacement and
also spy on the Convention's enemies, sabotage enemy plans and
breed distrust among the Traditions.

These "Homo Superiors" vary widely in appearance. All of
them, however, are attractive and strongly built, displaying peak
physical abilities and masterful skill with firearms. They use no

magick, however, and show poor intelligence overall. Reports
indicate that for all their physical supremacy, Victors are mentally

unstable; many develop psychotic tendencies and have sometimes

gone berserk in combat

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 2, Ma-
nipulation 2, Appearance 4, Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Abilities: Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Firearms 4,
Melee 4 (Computer, Culture, Drive, Etiquette, Intimidation,

lertness

Stealth, Subterfuge and Technology are common "custom" skills,
depending on the Victor's mission. These Abilities often rate from
1t04.)

Spheres: none

Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK (x2), -1 (x2), -2 (x3), -5, Terminated

Innate Countermagick: 2 dice

Marauders
and Mythic Beasts

(See also "The Hidden World," Chapter Nine.)

Arlan "The Smiler" Nattick

Nature: Unknown

Demeanor: Varies drastically
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 4, Ma-
nipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

ence: Dynamic

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 1, Computer 2,
Cosmology 4, Culture 4, Expression 2, Intuition 2, Intimidation 2,
Linguistics 3, Lore (all?) 4, Occult 5, Science 3, Subterfuge 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Library 4


Spheres: Life 5, Matter 5, all others 4 (usually); sometimes Mind 0

and all others 2

Arete: 5

Willpower: 10 (usually); sometimes 3

Quintes
Image: 6,' 150 Ibs., apparent age 25. White crewcut, black

eyebrows, deep-set black eyes, pale skin, large mouth with bright

red lips. Smooth, oily voice; slim build; manner alternately coy,

jovial, hysterical, furious and frenzied. Dresses unpredictably.

ence: 8

Unlike many Marauders, Nattick willingly talks with Tradi-
tion mages about the origins of his astonishing magick. However,
"origins" (plural) is the word, because he always offers a different
story. He has claimed to be a product of Progenitor breeding
programs, a victim of Euthanatos tortures, a self-taught Orphan, a
Sleeper Diabolist, a living Paradox spirit and so on. None of these
accounts is remotely credible, and Nattick offers them all ina tone
of terminal boredom. Attempts to reconcile the inconsistencies
enrage him — or seem to — and in most cases he attacks.

The only verifiable truths about Atlan Natick are these: He
has displayed exhaustive knowledge of all Traditions, Techno-
cratic Conventions and many Mad Ones and Nephandi. He hi
demonstrated powerful magick, including restoration of the dead
to full life, and appears to derive intense physical pleasure from
using it. However, his power at other times seems hardly to exceed
Disciple rank. Nattick has occasionally fought for certain causes,
such as environmentalism in Malaysia and human rights in rural
China. In each case, he eventually switched sides, apparently out
of boredom, then caused chaos for both. Nattick has killed at least
12 Tradition mages and single-handedly destroyed a minor Itera-
tion X Central Processing Unit in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Nattick's larger purposes remain unknown. All that clearly
identifies him as a Chaos Mage is his unpredictability and his
observed immunity to Paradox. He has often taken pains to
demonstrate the superiority of his own magick to that of rivals, and
having done so, he gloats at length but usually leaves the defeated
rival alive. Though given to wild mood swings, Natt

is ex-
tremely shrewd, not prone to manipulation and should be treated
with the greatest possible caution.

Manticora

These infamous Bygones have the bodies of a lion, lizard-like
heads with lion's manes, distended shark-like jaws, bat wings and
scorpion tails. Such mythic beasts are brutish, solitary animals,
easily angered and nearly always hungry. That said, a manticoracan
recognize kindness, and some have even shown loyalty to "friends."
A few Tradition mages tell of encounters with manticoras that
inevitably remind one of the fable of Androcles and the Lion.
Previous records note that while incapable of speech, the manticora
has an unusual, musical voice, reminiscent of a flute.

Though they once roamed free during Earth's Mythic Age,
manticoras now survive only in the Umbra. Some serve Chaos
Mages in order to re-enter this Realm. However, once they return to
Earth, static reality asserts itself, and they quickly sicken and die.
Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Perception 2,
Intelligence 1, Wits 2
Abilities: Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Expression 3, Stealth 2
Spheres: none

YY

Willpower: 5

Quintessence: 5 innate (may be harvested as Tass if the manticora
dies)

Health Levels: OK (x2), -1 (x2), -2 (x3), -5, Incapacitated
Attacks/Power:

dice damage; a victim who takes at least one Health Level of

Claws, bite (10 dice damage); scorpion tail (8

damage after soak must roll Stamina, difficulty 9. If this roll fails,
the victim takes three more non-soakable Health L
poisoned stinger.); flight (15 yards/turn)

els from the

Ik-Thazai, lesser dragon

Nature: Curmudgeon

LWW

Demeanor: Conniver
Essence: Primordial

Attributes: (scores in parenthesis indicate her human form)
Strength 10 (5), Dexterity 3, Stamina 7 (4), Charisma 3, Manipu-
lation 4, Appearance 3 (5), Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 3, Brawl 4, Culture 3, Dodge 1,
Enigmas 4, Etiquette 2, Intimidation 5, Intuition 3, Linguistics 5,
Melee 3, Occult 3, Subterfuge 3

Sphere:
Willpower: 8

Quintessence: 20 (half of this may be harvested as Tass if the
dragon dies)

Health Levels: OK (x3), -1 (x3), -2 (x5), -5 (x2), Incapacitated
Attacks/Powers: Bite (13 dice); claws (13 dice); tail (11 dice
knocksa everal yards); flight (20 yards/turn);shapeshift
(into a human female form); reptile command (which controls all
true reptiles within 100 yards unto death); flame breath (10 dice of
flaming damage; requires Dexterity + Melee roll, difficulty 5, and
affects one target per success within reasonable area — Forces
magick may counter. Uses 5 Quintessence per gout.)

none

ictim bacl

Image: In human form, a short, beautiful Slavic woman,
often named "Varvara," with long black hair and green eyes. In
dragon form, a sinuous black, gold and blue monstrosity some 45"
long, with membranous wings and a blue-black mane running
from her head across her back.

Ik-Thazai, the One Who Coils in the Deep, ravaged the lands
of Mythic Europe in the Age of Fable. Accounts agree that she was
willful, prone to impulse and greedy beyond description for power,
praise and Quintessence. As magick left the world, Ik-Thazai
retreated into hibernation and finally left Gaia for a Shard Realm
in the Near Umbra.

Like most Mythic Remnants, Ik-Thazai detests exile and

occasionally aids Marauders in return for temporary passage to
Earth. During these travels she seeks powerful Nodes and devours
all the Tass and Quintessence she can find; the more she eats, the
longer this thaumivore can remain here. She has made attempts to
capture the Nodes of powerful Chantri
her to the mages who live there.

which does not endear

Reports show that the dragon can assume human form,
breathe devastating flame, fly and command all nearby reptiles.
Although intelligent, she is unsophisticated and exceedingly
unfamiliar with the modern world. Her only long-
have been Mad Ones and Hermetic mages, though}
a Void Engineer ship. Neither party escaped unsca
carried a grudge against such "spoilsport


NOW Ail

ll

Pago-Pago

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Bravo

Essence: Primordial

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 6, Stamina 3, Charisma 1, Ma-
nipulation 1, Appearance 1, Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 4

Spheres:
Willpower: 4
Quintessence: 12 (half of this may be
Pago-Pago dies)

Health Levels: OK (x3), -1 (x3), -2 (x5), -5 (x2), Incapacitated
Attacks/Powers: |

none

harvested as Tass if the

(6 dice damage, four attacks per turn);
poison stinger (6 dice damage; a victim who tak
Health Level of damage after soak must roll Stamina, difficulty 9.
If this roll fails, the victim takes one more non-soakable Health

Level from the poisoned stinger.)

¢ below.

Image:

While searching for a new Node in the wilds of the Philip-
pines early this year, a cabal of Tradition mages ventured into the
highlands of Mindanao near Malaybalay. There they crossed into
the Umbra and encountered a cunning and vicious Umbrood that
led itself the Pago-Pago.

Thesurvivorsdescribe the Pago-Pagoasaspider woman, 10feet
high and weighing pethaps a ton, with a hideous noseless face, the
body ofa black widow spiderand six crab-like legs. Ithad ascreeching
voice, sarcastic wit, deft movements and uncanny speed. The spider
attacked with a paralyzing bite and a web that drained Quintessence
Itshowed extensive knowledge of the terrain and took full advantage
of this familiarity to attack from ambush.

This spider woman is apparently a primeval figure from the
legends of the indigenous Manobo people. Fragmentary refer-

ences suggest Catholic missionaries drove the Pago-Pago into the

Umbra, but these legends are certainly creations of the missionar-
ies themselves. Pending further information, the Umbrood
Catalogue Board advises mages who encounter the Pago-Pago to
attempt conversation and discover its goals. If this proves imprac-
tical, flee immediately and report to some Master.

Nephandi

Barabbi: Anson D' Arcangelo

Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Essence: Dynamic

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Charisma 4, Ma-
nipulation 4, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 3, Culture 3, Dodge 2, Etiquette 3,
Expression 3, Intuition 4, Investigation 3, Meditation 1, Occult 3,
Stealth 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4, Survival 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 3, Avatar 2, Mentor 4

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 2, Life 3, Matter 3, Mind 3,

Arete: 4
Willpower: 6

Quintessence: 10
Paradox: 3

280

Mage: The Ascension

Image: Height 6' 2," 180 Ibs., age 96, apparent age 26. White
hair (a Paradox Flaw), black eyebrows, blue eyes. Tanned Cauca-
sian skin, peak athletic build, careless manner. Dresses in casual
fashionable clothing, usually leaving chest bare. Favors sung

ses.

Anson D'Arcangelo's story is tragic, but he exploits its
tragedy without qualm. Whatever his past travails, he is now not
victim but victimizer.

Before his Awakening, D'Arcangelo (born Angelo Ciatino in
1899) was a serial killer in Naples, Italy, in the early 1920s.
Tormented by a cruel and disturbed older sister, he grew to hate
women and took that hatred out on innocents. His series of
rape-homicides panicked the public for months, but he was never
found — at least not by Sleeper authorities. Brother Benedetto
Leone of the Celestial Temple of the Sun (the Ancestral Chantry
of the Celestial Chorus beneath Vatican City) journeyed toNaples,
found Ciatino and brought him to the Temple's Star Chamber for
final justice. Taking tutelage from Brother Benedetto while await-
ing execution, Ciatino Awakened and repented his crimes.

jatino (now "D'Arcangelo") gained a stay of execution and

eventually a pardon. He worked and studied in the Chantry for six
decades, apparently in all sincerity, and did much good for the
Chorus and the Traditions. However, he kept his past a secret.

In 1985 Brother Benedetto, who had become Abbot of the
Chantry, died. The new Abbot, Sister Mary Martha Carpenter,
knew nothing of D'Arcangelo's past and grew suspicious. When she
discovered his history, she expelled him at once from the Chantry.
Embittered and angry, D'Arcangelo vandalized much of the Chantry,
stole many prized Talismans and escaped. His travels thereafter are
unknown, butin 1988, the Order of Hermes began receiving reports
of a new white-haired Nephandus mage who corrupted Tradition
mysticks with evident ease. Only now have field reports identified
this Nephandus as Anson D'Arcangelo.

The corrupted D'Arcangelo uses many names and disguise:
His most distinguishing feature is his white hair; due to Paradox,
it cannot change color and will hold no dye. His method is
effective: He allows his target to apprehend him in the act of
committing a crime, convincingly repents and begins "studying"
under the target mage. He simulates constant, emotionally mov-
ing struggles to overcome his evil past, continuing them even ifthe
target discovers D'Arcangelo's barabbi nature. By enlisting his
victim's sympathy and playing on hidden desires, the Fallen One
can corrupt him (or, more often, her) more easily.

D'Arcangelo has been active most recently in Chicago's
Chinatown, where he has unknown links to a mysterious entity
called the Jade Demon. Whether this is a True Demon or simply
a name is unclear.

Mad Nephandus:
Meggan O'Rourke

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Bravo
Essence: Questing

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 1, Stamina 3, Charisma 1, Manipu-
lation 5, Appearance 1, Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 2, Cosmology 1, Culture 1,
Intimidation 2, Intuition 4, Meditation 2, Occult 5, Stealth 3,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Talisman 5
Spheres: Entropy 4, Forces 2, Life 2, Prime 1, Spirit 2, Time 2


l
(

187 Xtpuaddy

yorouUeg Jo UOIeg [BALI v AoIIsap 01 soUIDYDs s,]UNODsTA,

ayp ‘Burmouyun je ‘Surpre dn pua dew equip aya ur eqeo e pue

‘g]aqns a1our soumautos axe suoNe|Ndiuew s,x1prag "Mpa sume]

— Aroxo1a Sunjnsos ay syye — pure 198j stp Jo Jeqeo ay suOsUT

‘uoneso] a]qeiauyNa k 02 saTwaUA AUD Soun] UDyJo pso7] porque),

ay ‘Aapedo] s,[eqed B ASITUa 01 ‘YAAIMOJ] "JeA\ UOISUarsy oy
UL asagaqUT OU SeY] INEZ aYp Jo Is94 Dy Oy] ‘XIp9g IUNODSTA,

sawayps Auew sty Ut suaved [npamod se sae sasn pur

‘uoneas ut asi1 01 Surdoy Nod Mopeyg ay UF soMjod we ApUEs

20ut pakesd sey ap] "elUUDI] NU 19A0 IUNODsIA PoorUE) Jo snaeIs
aya 01 Wasi sey xIpiag ‘MUD St JUNE sIyp OU JO JIyAYA\

‘yposuny uewp

sou9auT swwa48 v owOdDq pjnom maydou oyp rYp sea} 404 XIPIDg

pa]]P{ shjepaeg ‘a2aa19 o1ypAyy Ul JoUAAUT yeas aYp ‘snyEpreG jo
moydau ap uaaq aay 01 ples st a} "suIB1I0 s,poorquiy) ay) Woy
aaniap ket aouesvadde anstiaie: Sty] ‘sont ey
-novjua) SUNN Jo siaisn]9 aB19w Apo sty Suope sBuu Surureras

eyoun pur auez

pue pray sty wor :Apog sunuadias e pue Suidid saqqnu paesnu109
WU! saBioW Jey YIU pareSuo]a ue ‘uNyeUNE [EIU E UL IVs 2dey
}[ Aunt ‘posaypia e sey aids ay J ‘pugdy peotueysou-ouRsI0

pilom & SI XIplag sojey pro] poosqu, :oBewy
61 Sao] *ppeaPT pazyerayeyy

0 :xopereg

pI ssouassaquingy

9 aay

Gauidg

*¢ sao1og " Adonug ‘¢ aouapuodsa1i0g,

yds
¢ souaNyUT "¢ aUeDIY :spunosdy>eg

"¢ oud "p YT

p adUdIDg ‘¢ INDIO ‘¢ UONSHsaAuy

"p seuiiug "¢ ABojousog ‘¢ aa,ayy p aBnparqng ‘7 UONepIUNIUT
‘Zuonmmauy ‘¢ a8poc ‘7 Jaeug ‘¢ ssauaremy ‘¢ ssoMUATY :SANITIGY
sued [eIUayy pur [BIg I0y sIsCUD

asn tp eurumeig 4 AaIxag 4 ysuaNg :saInqury pazyeuaLeyy
aipn{ :zouvawag

JBATUUOD :2aNIeAY

Buryoeay ‘Aaypeay AyIpt}og INE wOYS

‘ozypeuareyy ‘ouanyuy ‘saxty area) ‘stuashg eo"
-da|q JonUOD ‘(a21p g) owe] se|g YOULL ‘asuag Ny sey
0¢ samog ‘g sisouy ‘g aBey ‘Q] samody yy,

xIPJ9Id SOJe]L JUNODSIA P.O]

:p107] AOU)

poo.iqu¢

‘roniag ay Yarunosue UdAts Aue UT sjeaaay aBeuL e ss9] 94

‘uolssassog

‘qe1aua8 Uy "snopiezey aaoud Aews uoneiUOyUOD Iax1pP SUIOdMarA
Linjanes 3317 ay1 Woy aU ,JoIe],, B JO JIUNODUD ,AsIy,, IY st
styp sayaya uo Surpuadag "Auta ayp wos 2ouassaruIng [Te Sur
-AOWIA 10 (42190194 9]GuIOU YAIM saiNyRaID dy YoRIe yotym) stds
xopeieg U1 Suln] Japisuos pjnoys 41n]33ne7 8317 ayp savUNo sua OY
saSeur ‘apryaueayy "A079. UMO IY UO saIMaRaID YA 1OIUOD
pue aoeds-anoy so1u9 01 sadoy sowua}y Jo 1p1O a4p ‘por|dwo
aue aay aouQ ‘sBulag IeWSUa asoyp aataoiad oy sI9ayq aU],
pur aouapuodsauioc astaap 01 Yom MOU siaIsePY [!DUNOD

| (NE|

"ay aaye 10 a10jaq Joye ‘dus ayp Jo Aamo1A JeroduIad
dup UT Ayisea azo sso39 ued samNgeaID ap Up shes SurUOseaI Jo aUTT
SHY "stea4 maj IX9U AYP UT INDIO ]]LA JOPUNED ayp UT Suruayeam
a]e2s-a8xe] Jo pury autos aweyp (ssa;puNo4s ‘IAA se ‘s1 UOH|NIAdS stU
pur) arejnoads awog ‘smouy 194 uO ON jawRY aWH MOU SIYI 01
suorsinout s1ayp iENsax Aatp Op AYA, :WoIIsaNb snorago ay,
"ured Jequo ay paypene pue
ased ayp o2ut paaow uayp Aatp ‘syaSuans squouoddo soy poured]
Aayp aoug ‘suo asiy ay ‘uIn]33Nw7,3817 yp 10} ‘919M s1ayUNODUa
oeq Ajay aAour ued wun] 38nwI,3317
onewuay]
‘padvosa Ajareq pu so1298) s,Jeqe> owes ap Jo aueIOUS! pue
ssaunjeam pamoys saunqear ayp ‘s1oyuNogua JAI] UT "TUAaUIAseUa
dup uom asowpe ‘son2e1 pue siamod s,feqe> ayp Jo a8pajmouy ats
-uanxa Surdejdsip ‘uin]38ne7 3317 oyp Ynesse ys1y ayp Uy "oos!oUeLy
ueg UI paseg Jeqe>]Surse paysene aavy saanqeais ap sau pe19Aag
-umnS3ine, 3317 oyp Aq suoIsindUT J9YRO gT JO SMOUD| 1PIO HULL

(ALI, YL "PWN UT yO} pue
aya aeya siya wo paonpap aaey siepoyps

-saqunodua papiozal as1y ay BurNp axods auO
spiom uo paseg , {11n]38nv7,3317,, ALU oUp saIMawadD asay pausisse
SoU} JO.19PIQ 94 "sp10m a]qIsuaYyardwioout yeads pur sqoyq ayy
Ur WHO} sypNow ware ‘AJeUOISeI9Q "aoeds-snoy UI paxdauUOD AIq!
-SIAUI ‘UOHeUIPI009 9EXA UT 2AOU AY PUR ‘SsOI9" spALA ]eI9Aa
(01 soyouT Atay B WOYy ‘A]qea>1paadun yuLLYs pue Mord sqoyq SuNLOy
YL ‘sut9 Bursind pur sajeos 94}]-prez] ‘MoT]a4 yatM pa19A0o sqo]q
paiurofsip aie saunieay UoUWOD "JUaWOW 07 JUSWOU Wo U9Ar
Jo siaquNoDUa UdaMIAg saSULYD aoueIadde Noy ‘ooeds-aa1

S019

s

aienduad suuoy [euoIsusuNp-s9ysIYy TEI say Jo suOIID9s~
quaiaytp sy "Ajopim Area sanua asaya jo suondiosaq

112 1pPUEYdaN, 2EYp dards 40 aouAssAIUINg) [vars 01
JapuNeD ayp SuNeNouad A] ]euoIseDd0 pur aoeds pue sun UT AOI
Sutaoui ‘uozuop] aya puodag asixa sunjBBne1,8317 ay ‘asodnd

pue UIS120 UMOUYUN Jo sa;UD [eUOISUDUNP-INO} UDTOAITLY
AIn|$$nes $$1z oy p.
SOLHUT SNOLIOISAIA)

seaquug, daag ayp ory auayr
pure Seq say our a8eu axeuMZoJuN ay 991909 o1 (s1opuEIshq
tadaayg 10 sanseayjoo sry ‘a8eur ay soyae uo) sivayq Adonug
sasn ays ‘poomunoy, UOWap ay? Woy a[4y yaI0Id OL "UOS
are] 19 ‘]4y aq 01 LUaUOddo aye saaatfoq ApUANbay a4IN0Y,C
papnjep ayy "asazaiuy peurarew yaa warp si99I01d pur Uasp]TYy>
Jay se poouqui¢ aseyp Jo syurYp ayg ‘sdtds s}UOWAp YAO} sAerpP
Seq, 19}] "JY pauuojop
‘Avoap pue

pur uryaim soyoeas ays ‘ueustye] & st
pue peut ay uaaup oaey smejy xopereg Aueu 1944
aoyenbs Suypeaids "A119 01 A219 Woy sIapUEA axINOY,C MON

"saUC Ud][eJ ap Jo IAs JOUFW e se Jay parstud
pur 4pog 2ay padzea 11 294 94019 1] poomuto,\ poureu uoUEP
e pauoumuns Ayyst}ooy ays "9]43y 2994INsas O Adwane pazLoyIneun
ue uy "Yseppoeq Xopereg e Ul ‘9]Ay "UOS UEFUT JY ISO] 9Ys UY
*2.¢6] [AUN soreuLYN aup Jo a]dI9s1q BurstwoAd v sem DYNOY,O
ueSZayy ‘sieonpas snosowE]s pue [00> are ipueydan |]e ION

"Apey Seq pounoyop v sv suvadde uayo ‘Suryro]> porsed ut sassaq]

suUBUI STUNT datssasqo ‘ounsod paasiMy pue poysuny ‘pling

4Spnd ‘urys papjutsm oped ‘sada anya ‘ey Avap "cg ade uosedde
Sq OOT aif .G Aypeotdéa ‘Area aysiom pue aystop] saSeuy

6 :xopeseg,

O] :@ouassayungy

J Hamodyyiyy

¢ may


NO Ail

Preceptor:
Aclida, Lady of Feathers

Willpower 5, Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Power 30
Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind (usually a gale-force if threat-

ened), Influence, Materialize, Possession (birds only), Shapeshift
(often into birds), Tracking

Materialized Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3; use
Gnosis for Social and Mental Traits

Abiliti

Backgrounds: Dream 2, Talisman 2

s: Athletics 3, Dodge 2, Expression 4, Cosmology 3

Spheres: Life 4, Prime 2, all others 1
Arete: 4

Willpower: 5

Quintess
Paradox:
jalized Health Levels: 9

A guileless and s

emingly naive Preceptor, the Lady
of Feathers appears asa beautiful Mediterranean woman dressed in
an ornate cloak of yellow and red feathers. Aclida wears an

aborate crown of white gold highlighted with purple feathers,
and lives in a luxurious floating mansion in a Domain of the Air,
an extravaganza of towers, cathedral-like chambers and curving
walls. Wind whistles harmoniously through its fluted steeples.

Aclida travels near Earth's Horizon to gather news of the
avian world and seek the Quintessence that sustains her. The Lady
can fly at great speed and converse with any bird. She taps Prime
energy from forested regions rich in bird life. Insofar as she takes
interest in human affairs, she collects the lore of birds and admires
music and poetry of transcendent beauty

Mages seek the Lady because her feathers provide Tass. Some
bargain with her, while others trick or extort feathers from her
Aclida deals truthfully with all she meets and apparently thinks it
impossible for anyone to do otherwise. Because of this, Umbrood
and some mages have treated her cruelly. However, mages who
bargain fairly with her earn her gratitude.

It would be too easy to dismiss the Lady as a childish spirit
Though innocent in many ways, she carries the sight of ages past
One Hermetic source claims her as one of their own, gone to spirit
form after her Chantry was sacked by the Order of Reason. Others
dismiss this tale — how could a mage become an Umbrood? Still,
there is a growing sadness to the Lady's manner in recent years
Whatever the Lady

Evil Spirit:
Muntus-Kulmu, the Driver of Nails

Willpower 4, Rage 4, Gnosis 4, Power 25

Charms: AirtSense, Appear, Armor, Blast Flame (3dice), Blighted
Touch, Corruption, Create Fi
Out, Tracking

Nature: Conniver

as seen, she never speaks of it

es, Influence, Possession, Short

Demeanor: Judge

Materialized Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1; use
Gnosis for Social and Mental Traits

Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Cosmology 3, Culture 3,
Etiquette 3, Intimidation 4, Occult 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4,
Stealth 2

Materialized Health Level
282

8

Mage: The Ascension

Image: During the Etruscan civilization (900-500 B.C.) in
the Low Mythic Ages, this minor True Demon acquired worship-

pers who believed it the king of the underworld. With the

disappearance of the Etruscans, Muntus-Kulmu fell from these

heights and languished for millennia in the High Umbral Hells.
Now it's making anew bid for power in alliance withthe Nephandi
and a small cult of Sleeper Diabolists.

Like all True Demons, as distinguished from Umbrood spirits

that exist independently of humanity, Muntus-Kulmu is an evil

extra-dimensional being that sustains itself on human souls. It
aims not to destroy everything like the Nephandi would, but to
cause widespread misery. Aided by tempters among the Fallen
Ones, Muntus has recruited a few dozen foolish Sleepers as
worshippers, who signify their fealty by piercing some part of the
body with a long steel nail. The "Nailed One" Diabolist gains
certain fixed Entropy-related Charms, but also must serve as.a host
for the demon. When Muntus takes possession, the host grows
drowsy and automatically traces a pattern in the air. Through this
pattern Muntus can see, hear and create Effects as though it were
actually present

Muntus-Kulmu obeys unfathomable rules or practices that
prevent it from manifesting in physical reality for more than one

ing

given individual for more than one day per year (midwinter to
midwinter). In the short term, it plans to corrupt at least 365

day at a time (local midnight to midnight) or from posse:

worshippers around the globe so that it can manifest permanently
in aseries of bodies. Italso hopes to tap and store large amounts of
Quintessence from powerful mages.

te
encounter with a small coven of Nailed Ones in the Yucatan.
After the Council mages defeated them, the surviving Diabolists

lestial scholars learned of Muntus after one cabal's recent

delivered the information above, then burst into flame and per-

ished. The Chorus has not yet assessed the threat level

Muntus-Kulmu poses, and instructs its members to gain more
information whenever possible

Guardian Spirit:
Olonga the Whisperer

Willpower 8, Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Appear, Control Electrical Systems, Cleanse
the Blight, Forest Sense, Lightning Bolts (5 dice), Materialize,
Mind Speech, Short Out, Tracking

Materialized Attributes:
Gnosis substitutes for Social and Mental Traits

rength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina

Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 5, Empathy 3, Intimidation 5,
Enigmas 4, Occult 4; when manifest, Melee 4
Materialized Health Levels: 10

Image: The ancient unbound spirit Olonga feeds on the

Quintessence at Node sites. Once Olonga has found a site, it
remains there for years or centuries. It greets trespassers with a
ghastly howl and becomes visible, though intangible. Olonga

appears as a tall, gaunt Zulu African warrior, wearing a carved

devil-mask and carrying an assegai. The spear shaft crackles with
lightning, and the mask's eye-slits glow with green light

Inachilling whisper (thus the sobriquet), Olonga challenges
trespassers to a contest of riddles: The first side that fails to guess
one of the opponent's riddles loses. Documented riddles include,
"The one who made it did not want it; the one who bought it did


not use it; the one who used it did not know it," (a coffin) and "A
little white house without door or window" (an egg). Interestingly,
Olonga is not fooled by riddles that derive from contemporary
society nor even American popular culture. It seems to tap into
some collective riddle-consciousness that updates constantly.

If the visitors win, Olonga admits them to the Node at all
times thereafter. If they lose, Olonga drains them of all stored
Quintessence and adds this Primal energy to the Node. To do this,
Olonga manifests physically and attacks using its spear or its
Charms,

A riddle contest with Olonga may be roleplayed (preferably)
or handled as an opposed roll of Intelligence + Enigmas.

Minion: Pattern Spider

Willpower 6, Rage 4-7, Gnosis 6, Power 25-40

Charms: Airt Sense, Calcify, Solidify Reality (some "breeds" have
Control Electrical Systems, Lightning Bolts (5 dice), Short Out,
and the special Web Flux Charm (see below)

Image: Cybernetic spider-type things, pattern spiders scuttle

through the Near Umbra (and several Realms), spinning glisten-
ing silver webs of static reality. Most resemble high-tech arachnids;
older, larger spiders contain bits of old technology — steam vents,
vacuum tubes and jerky, awkward limbs. Pattern spiders range
from tiny things about an inch long to terrifying entities larger
than a full-sized car.

Pattern spiders spin their webs wherever stasis (often tech-
nology) has taken hold; they're common in laboratories, computer
centers and even many classrooms. These manifestations of stasis
work only in the Umbra; they cannot step into in material reality.
Searching for Umbral instabilities, these near-mindless creatures
spin anything that violates their "work ethic" into pattern webs
(the "Calcify Reality" Charm). Although they reflect the
Technomancers' influence, few Convention mages (outside of the
Void Engineers) even know they exist. Some Iteration X master

cyber-techs have replicated pattern spiders (or perhaps brought

new "species" across) to work in material reality, but these models
utilize more mundane Charms than their Umbral cousins,

Old and powerful pattern spiders can occasionally affect
beings in the material world, using a Charm which resembles the
Rubbing the Bones Prime Effect (see Chapter Eight). Most
pattern spirits have little influence in the material world per se;

they reflect change rather than c it directly

Paradox Spirits

The Order of Hermes has compiled detailed notes on over
1,100 Paradox spirits in 53,760 manifestations to date. Less than

four dozen Paradox spirits (in various guises) account for the

majority of moder Paradox events. Those below are only a few of
these most infamous spirits.

All physical damage done by Paradox spirits is aggravated
Seeing a Paradox spirit requires a Perception + Awareness roll
(difficulty 6) or the Spirit Effect Spirit Sight. Charms which
resemble magickal effects use the spirit's Rage as Arete unless
otherwise noted.

Appendix 283

IDE

t

F
k

7

t
z|

Wws


NO Ail

8

mee ee

Farandwee (Correspondence)
Willpower 4, Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Power 20
Charms: Materialize, Shift Other (teleport vs. target's Will-
power), Mirror Maze, Duplicate, Spirit Away
Materialized Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Abilities: Brawl 3, Dodge 3
Materialized Health Levels: 5 per incarnation

Description: The name "Farandwee" (from firanji, Arabic,
"foreigner") derives from this spirit's appearance, which is always
outlandish by the standards of the current culture. Today,
Farandwee appears most often as a circus clown of shifting, bulging
form.

When summoned, "his" attack first traps the mage in what
appears to outsiders as a gray, coffin-size capsule. To the victim
within, it seems a maze of unbreakable funhouse mirrors. These
mirrors disorient the victim and make Correspondence magick
difficult (+3 to difficulty, maximum 10).

Within the
festing in any number of duplicate forms. The clown spirit's
physical manifestations grab his prey and attempt to teleport her
to a dangerous location. Past destinations have included Tech-
nocracy Constructs, nearby firefights and four miles straight up.
After the Paradox spirit heals whatever breach of reality remains,

maze, Farandwee erupts from the mirrors, ma

clown and capsule vanish.
The Council advises members who face Farandwee to mak
escape from the mirrors their first priority. Correspondence E

fects show best results, despite their increased difficulty in the
maze. Failing this, the mage must physically destroy all of
Farandwee's forms to disrupt the manifestation

Hex (Entropy)

Willpower 5, Rage 2, Gnosis 8, Power 10

Charms: Jinx (Entropy Effect Games of Luck), Materialize (as a
symbol of bad luck)

as a symbol of bad luck: a broken

Description: Hex manifests
mirror, black cat, inverted horseshoe or other motif determined by
the mage's cultural background. Destruction of this symbol does
not banish Hex; it still lurks unseen until the victim encounters
potential danger, such as combat, car travel or other risks. Then
it strikes, using its magick as a jinx. Suddenly, the opponent hits

when he should have missed, or the vehicle's brakes fail. Once the
ense of the "law of averages" has counteracted whatever
engineered, the spirit vanishes

"lucky breaks" the mage hi

Igtukra the Onbridled (Forces)

Willpower 10, Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Power 15
Charms: Gravity (Entropy damage; Rage grows from 1 to 5 ata
x3)

Description: Igtukra appears as a pinprick in space-time, a
source of gravity waves around the unfortunate target mage. The
target's mass increases by the moment, first immobilizing him and
then collapsing his skeleton. Meanwhile, Igtukra telepathically
scolds the target for his violations of reality.

rate of one per turn. Damage = succes

A mage who has incurred severe Paradox is torn apart by the
infinitesimal black hole, then compressed into nothingness; for-
tunately, this result is rare. Mind Effects silence the spirit's
scolding, but to date, only Forces countermagick has successfully
banished Igtukra.

284 Mage: The Ascension

Prokaryote (Life)

Willpower 5, Rage 2, Gnosis 0, Power 15

Charms: Infect (does one Health Level of unhealable damage per
week until banished)
Description: This weak spirit manifests as a virus inside the

target mage. Over weeks the target sickens and weal
" whatever Life Effects

lescence lasts until the victim has "healed
drew the spirit. Once Prokaryote vanishes, the victim may heal
damage normally. Life countermagick banishes the spirit. Some
cases indicate that even Sleeper medicine has alleviated the
spirit's effects, but this remains in dispute.

(A physician can locate and destroy the virus with a Intelli-
gence + Medicine roll, difficulty 8; three successes are needed, but
the physician can roll each week.)

Terra Firma (Matter)
Willpower 5, Rag
Charms: Materialize, Suffocation (does two dice aggravated dam-
age, difficulty 6; can be soaked)

Gnosis 5, Power 25

Materialized Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 1, Sta
Abilities: Brawl 5
Materialized Health Levels: 12

Description: Blunt like the earth from which it is formed,

Terra Firma manifests as a golem, generally five feet tall, very hot
and weighing about half ton. Itfirst attacks by bludgeoning, then
tries to force earth down its victim's throat. Usually, Terra Firm
will vanish voluntarily if all magickally altered matter in the area

is restored to its original nature or destroyed.

Dementia Paradox (Mind)

Willpower 10, Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Power 20
ion;

Charms: Fear (as per the Mind 3 Effect Graphic Transmit
does Rage vs. target's Willpower to terrify opponent with halluci-
nations), Materialize (as the mage's worst fear incarnate)
Materialized Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1
Abilities: Brawl 2, Dodge 4
Materialized Health Levels: 5
Description: Manifesting as the target mage's worst fear, the

invisible Dementia Paradox uses Mind magick to drive its victim
insane. The spirit tries to render the mage incapable of using further

gick rather than killing him outright. If necessary, Dementia
reduces the mage's intelligence to childlike levels. Immediate
effects last a few hours or a day, but phobias sometimes take root
until dissolved through meditation and increased self-awareness,

Mind countermagick sometimes works against Dementia
Paradox, but interacting with the spirit in other ways has thus
proven impossible. Some question whether this is an actual spirit
or simply a condition of mental feedback. So far the difference, if

any, has proven moot.

Dorobo (Prime)

Willpower 1, Rage 3, Gnosis 1, Power 10 + any Quintessence
drained from target
Charms: Disrupt (as per Prime 2 Effect Rubbing the Bones),
Drain (takes its Rage in Quintessence from target)

Description: Dorobo, another spirit invisible even to the
Awakened, is a thief of Quintessence. It drains the mage's surplus
power and alters the flow of Primal energy through his Pattern,


stunning him at critical moments. Disciples of Prime can sense

Dorobo only as a disturbance in the Prime. Adepts can sometimes

visualize the spirit asan intangible leech-like nexus of energy. When
the victim loses all Quintessence, Dorobo disappears. Sometimes a
sudden attack with Primal countermagick has also banished it.

Mages with Prime 1 can sense Dorobo only as a disturbance
in the Prime.

Rune-Fetter (Spirib
Willpower 4, Rage 3, Gnos
Charms: Snare Avatar (entraps Avatar; adds +3 to all magick roll
difficulties and prev
Avatar (see below)
Description: Run:
Umbra, where it appearsasa pale, luminous spider-like spirit. When

is 3, Power 20

ents Quintessence recharging), Imprison

‘etter is believed to operate entirely in the

manifesting, it instantly captures the target mage's Avatar in its
web, This drastically increases the casting difficulty of all the mage's

Effects (+1 at least), and she can no longer regain Quintessence.
Torestore herself, the weakened mage must enter the Umbra,
locate Rune-Fetter and release its hold on her Avatar. Rune-Fetter

establishes a different lair every time it captures an Avatar. This
lair is frequently located in some unfamiliar and disturbing part of
the Umbra

After reforming in its lair, Rune-Fetter spins its prize into a
cocoon. The mage must first dispel the spider, then roll 10 successes
of Arete + Spirit Rank (difficulty 6) tosnap the web. A mage without

Spirit magick must get someone else to free her A'

Wrinkle (Time)

Willpower 8, Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Power 30
Charms: Materialize, Freeze Time, Cause Unbirth (ensures that

atar.

ge no longer exists; costs 10 power — kids, don't try this «
home)

Materialized Attributes
Gnosis for other Traits

Abilities: Alertness 2, Dodge 4, Enigmas 4, Intimidation 5
Materialized Health Levels: 6

Description: Wrinkle, one of the most powerful and notori-
ous of Paradox spirits, appears as an ancient man dressed in a

: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2; use

heavily creased white tuxedo. He approaches the targeted mag

openly, politely explains his mission to restore the proper flow of
time and asks the mystick to change the event that provoked the
offending Paradox. If the mage agrees, Wrinkle transports he and
his companions back in time just before he caused the event; he
may now try again.

If the mage unwisely refuses the spirit's request, Wrinkle
freezes time around the mage, trapping him in a private eternity
The victim cannot move or use magick, but can think freely
Wrinkle looks in every 24 hours (subjective) to encourage the
mage to meditate on his folly. After a few days or a week of
subjective time, the mage becomes so insanely bored with sensory
deprivation that he gladly assents to Wrinkle's request. The spirit
then restores normal time flow. The victim's companions are not

aware that anything has happened, except that the victim usually
less.

becomes hysterical and us

Some Masters of Time speculate that in the most extreme
Time Paradoxes, Wrinkle has apparently gone back in time to
ensure that the mage died in some earlier close call, before he caused
the Paradox. Of course, it is impossible to verify this notion.

ID.

Appendix 285


"uorasmeyxa 10
spunom jo sarp Ajjenquaaa pur oes yasiag e ur punoxe Buryadsaaa
sypene ‘urens atp tpi syxses9 Apponb sazeaq pouydiosipun uy
"ypuans yeo1skyd jo wo} ap ut sareaq ay} o2 adUassaIUINg sfauUNy
woned Suiepaiur ‘oqonUL atp ‘uaMopqe 40 asay> "apnoys
"yBnyp ‘puey. v se yons ,,‘so1e8,, s,4poq ay Jo auo or payddy
‘oone) stp Jo Jas9as snowasuep oy UMOUY BuO] aavy LUNG

yseayuou Ul areIg UkYS oY1 Jo sisHIe Cone: poudyeMy

9 1s0Z {97 22uassmIUINy ‘¢ AIBN
yBuang pouydiosipug jo ooney, ueyg «

"Ajareq ang
{eruaproutos st aayq Y_L "@oUassaqUINg) OU saLUNsUOD ash sTY_L
OBvANYZ 4OII0C] Woy ,HWT LL s,eae'],, Aejd ospe ULI Xoq OY,L

"rprey satiosaq ¥]¥1 uk UMOp W]ed 02 saTtiaud ayp BuIpensiod
a]LYm ‘ua1sea sautosaq [Jeqaxy 40 IoYsUNs ayenose UL IYysyuNs
v BuLNp a1oos wWyY UONoe poomATjop] BunIxa v sdeqd Xoq ay
‘gourasut 10y YJ "pooUut si! 02 4azuNoD UNI Y>TYym sUOIIIe Jo AINDUYIP

aya [+ Aq saseaiour ssn ayy, "sIsMUT ay AeaY UWS Aquvau asoyr
se Buo] 0s ‘[- Aq pou s,91snU ayp O2 pains suOHNIe ]]e Jo AYNOYyIp
ay? donpar apis s,.oUMO XOq ay? UO saBeuT ][e S19] OIsNUT OY J

win
lod aduassaruingy duo sasn xXoq ay ‘Hurde[ apy,X "stodeyd yp
Woy suoLsa8ns YIM ‘91sNUU Jo adAa ay SasooYp J9|Jor4401g 9Y_L
"Uo 0s pur oIsnw aseyd ,uPpoId-ofueg ‘soj]99 shounwo ‘SIs BUTS
onuewior A[ysny ‘suYIAYA BUIALUP Do19y suas JUALIN ay Jo
poow ayp 01 arensdoadde ypenpunos parezasoypuo Aypny e sAepd XOq
oysnui atp ‘ply passoquia-1zeay aya uado sdyy so4vaq ayp UOYA\,

soya
ay Suowre sejndod uasord sey uBisap asoym ploapue AuBtg
& paqudaul JoIe] ay] aya ‘Kroyesoge] sty o2 pasor weydey
Jor9q] ‘paysnig "aouassaiuINgy Jo Ysnd e JOJ IS|AND, Ao|]ay 02
XOq ay pjos AJarerpourut MaYAuYy "ADANWUpE IADda8 B WO YTS vse
moyduyy 02 XOq YP pordarfop a} "MoyAvyy ,dnokouo}y,, AUBAIIG
Asvasog Jo asta]ng) 20} uorssed ap!any e paatoouos weyde7] Uayas ‘919
-aquiy NO JURAIEs JHOqGOI sty Aq Pople ‘wWeYyde] preUod] 10190¢]
lop Jo Uog ay Aq opeU sea XOq oIsMUT PjoS peUs SIU]
G 1800 ‘G] BoUAssaIUINg) ¢ aIOIy
xog o1snyy s,Auetag

1wH[NA Ss} UBAaMOY ID9}q UORdosqe si]
SN9OJ Y!TEUL s,LHYLOI DYsey Uk se ALIAS OS]e UL Yses ay, |

‘ofeuep Surureuas aup Jo sioaya ayp siayns Apueast}
Joivam dup Puke 114A 0} $119A01 Yses o4p ‘MONET paumnbas aya
Supajdwos osojaq Yses YI SoAOUIAS JAVON OY) J] "}OAI] Y]LIH]
duo SuIseYpsIp A]ssojwuseY "AOJO9 UF suAIYs!] Yses oy aYywaoya

uonempow pardnusiurun jo anoy ypea 10,4 "a8eurep paqiosqe
DY WY SI99ya OU SIYNS LaLa aU "Yses ay BULWAA ITY
‘gous
-so1uind) Jo 1urod duo s1809 poquosqe [aaa] YAPLa] Ye ‘paquosqe
Jordy Aaaaa Yat suadoap aexp par v uayA S{uId asny suuna Yses
dup ‘aSewep Surquosqe uay yy, ‘A8eUrEp Jo [9407] YI]eaH] BU quosqe
uv9 yses ay ‘1a s,f912aM at Jo IUfod Yea Jo, "areaM Oy?
uo paraiyin aBeuep sqrosqe ‘o10Ay Aanauas Yag] Ut pooyrayposg,
o1ysexy 2y2 Jo sap]a paroaar e Aq ape "Yses ¥pIs OYA STYL,

G SOD ‘GJ aouassaIUNg) ‘¢ rAIY
seg s,010f s91sey oe

uolsuadsy ay] aseyy 987

Jequaplouoo are s199Jq asaypa ‘Sya1eUL ArOsuas SOUT 91]
‘suoneniony aut] pue ouLg pue suo} apr] ‘eoUaNYUT sIdoNUs
‘suioned soneyy yelp Uv UBUIS!EL sitp UO suOHLEA,

"Auessaoau
aq Aew [Jor aia Ue GaAaamoy Opty Ajperoadsa st BUND aYp JT
JJO4 © INOYAUA 31048 $9]3308 ayp ‘soouLIstUNDIID asoW J9PUL] S90
Jeuo}suaunp-eaaxa ansind 02 ,,yoor-atds,, yansasn sx99UI3Ug Plo,
pue ype[g Ur Uayy awOs ‘uaYo asouL sUELUSITE | aay ash 1OyAY Jo
suog at YsnoypLy "spaa2ons r9ayq oyp Jt eAqUIE] OY OMT Jad Or
yprishur v Moye sojSHO8 (A24]Nq Avs pfnom atuos) Apanas 9894. L,

p 3802 ‘| aduassaruingy *¢ ay
sa[88o9 11dg «

‘yeruaproutos st "ArJAqns saoayq SHY 1 ANC] "yf9sIt
pamauiar sey o18eUr s,J0]qpoom ays aeyp SuLAsrudts ‘sapey ud
dyp "YUOU JUN] v UTYRTA pasnun sao8 a Jf "Ioaya ou sey TU
yA 4X91 URIDGL] AYA JO Phoye UOPeIDa1 InoyATA\ ‘aAanE[NUIND
JOU are s199y9 $1! PUL ‘9HEL DUO A]UO 10} S410A ASEDIIUL OY L

"siyouag sqva8 upes dew Aydosopyd astyppng
94191089 JO JO URIAqL], JO >Spaymouy Ysa aeuT v ‘uoHaIDsIp
sdajjahiorg ayy vy "TLd oy UO Buperpaur quads oBeur oy
aut) Jo YpBud] aurKs aYp 40g s1sey SIUL *(G WNUULXEUL) | Aq pasearoUT
st a1oydg puryy oyp ur ues s,a8eu ayy "ouey arya ssayuneY
v Uy soysiuea soded aya ‘Bunenpaw sdors ay wayyy "spoquuds sit
uo o2eu1pawu pue pore ax92 sa] 911994 ded oy ploy Avw PUL Jo
ajdiosiq] e yauour axou oy UF oWIN AuE ry ‘aouassaIUINg Jo qUIOd e
saumnsuoD SH {UI x9e]q-20f UE A UO ePEpUELA ap sIULd y>0]q ay

411 uo pry] st saded siup jo rays YuK]g w Jt YaUOU seUNy Jad 29UQ
dwoy woy apeur taded jo iays & souinbax yDoIg 4p Jo 27)
"(Mv7] Jo JaaYA\ pue UONeaIpoU

Jo 10Uy ‘aft] Jo JIM AY Jo asea ‘Bey ArorD1A ‘Josesed "Ysy ‘sM0]
{Ys youod) sjoquids snoroidsne ayst9 ays Aq popunowns una UE
"ueioq! |, U} UaIA axX9I Jo soUT aAjaaa Aq papunowins as1oypulM
[enUd9 v Jo sistsuod UBIsap ay | ‘ejepUBL aIUNbs & YAM paa.ed ‘prs
eUUTE] Jo YuEZA e st YD0]qpoo pA ULL
} 1802 ‘G] AoUassaqUINey ‘¢ aIDIy
avyjnuog snorsidsny Jo Y90]qpoo\\ «

B UO 199} OMI Jepad UR,

som prey pur Surpuersiopun pouarystyus
jo sionpoad sv paxadsar are pu ‘Koviv0uypa, ay Suowe uaaa
‘ores ounb skvaye ose suewistpe | "IaA oYTUBIS B URUUSHTE Lv
Jo.asn 40 A1oaoosip aya ayeun skeaye pjnoys s1advjd pu sayjardt01g
ULL "Ss9] You savy Aw sueMUSTTE | ,pUNoY,, {UTEIUOD UeD WAI ay
siunowre wnuttxeu ayp aue porst] sTUNOUE aDUASsa
-uind) ay, Bunsty yoea yatm w9Atd are sisoo aud
punouiyoeg ‘xig saadeyg ur uaars sajnr oy on
Sutprogoe ying are oxy Uo Ars sueUSTTR | OL
pooysoyroig o1ysex¥y ‘o10f saiseyy —
ssaudoud yup pun pur ays saundiosip ‘fjasn us rupni0d
-ujun ysnoy ‘sunusyp | fo wonanusuos ayf -3fr.9
Araya fo oonopad 1woSp w usw puf yang ayp fo savas
Kpiva ayp uo asoyr 124 "saqjasino uring ‘sun wt ay
10U Saop worsuadsy ‘Komw sspd si9alqo pauompuos yy

SsueWISs]? |

WA

Finding an Awakened artist who can apply such a Talisman
is a heroic quest in itself. Applying the tattoo takes six excruciat-
ing hours and requires another six hours of meditation to energize.

This heals all damage incurred thus far and adds one dot to each
of the bearer's basic Physical Attributes (maximum 5) for one day.
These manifest whenever she rolls at least one Arete success
against difficulty 6. Each such use expends one Quintessence and
is not cumulative with other Effects. Whenever the bearer's
Willpower pool drops below any Physical Attribute's rating, she
must roll Wits + Meditation (difficulty 6) at some dramatic
moment in each scene thereafter until she recovers Willpower. A
led roll m

I
the mage's mind retreats into mindscape, her body lashes out in
uncontrolled rage, assaulting everyone and everything in sight. A
berserk character takes damage normally, but ignores its impairing
effects until Incapacitated.

ans the bearer goes berserk.

a mage, a berserk rage works as a Quiet, except that while

This rage costs one Quintessence per turn. In most cases, the

character recovers only when the tattoo's Quintessence is ex:
hausted. The Storyteller may allow an Awakened character a Wits
+ Awareness roll to recover in extraordinary circumstances (diffi-
culty 8). The mage needs three successes. Others can help a berserk
character recover with a Manipulation + Intimidation roll (three
successes, difficulty 8). The bearer recovers and usually falls uncon-

discretion.

scious, awakening at the Storytelle

Certain obscure rituals cover the tattoo with elaborate

cicatrice scars, removing its power. Amputation of the affected
body part also works. Both methods reduce the bearer's Physical
Attributes by one each below their pre-tattoo levels (minimum 1).
Since this Effect does not raise the wearer's Attributes above the

normal human range, it is coincidental.
Blast Pistol
Arete 5, Quintessence 25, Cost 8
A common Device among high-ranking Technocrats; the
Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepts use

ariants of it as well.

Depending on the pistol's nature, it may be a Buck Rodgers-style
raygun, a hand cannon, a concealed laser or some other high-tech
weapon. In any case, the pistol (or rifle) fires a Forces 2, Prime 2
ct at whoever its owner fires at. A Dexterity + Fir

arms roll is

necessary, and the target can dodge if she s
ch shot uses one Quintessence.

ees the blast coming.

Conditioned by decades of science fiction, most modern
Sleepers will consider a Blast Pistol's Effects to be coincidental
More rural viewers, however, will not readily accept such "unnatu-
ral" feats of magick.

Mobile Home

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Cost 8

Sardonically named by the Virtual Adept who created it, this

useful Talisman is a portable opening to a Horizon Realm. The
silver holder, about the size and weight of a cigarette case, folds out

to form a door-sized metal frame. When it stands upright, the
frame becomes coterminous with a fixed doorway in the Horizon
Realm (Correspondence 4 Effect). Each being who passes through
the gateway in either direction uses one point of the home's
Quintessence.

The Talisman has three subsidiary Effects. First, the bearer
can mentally specify the individuals authorized to use the portal
(Mind 3 Effect). Others who try to pass through the frame fail and
take three Health Levels of aggravated electrical damage (Forces 3).
This damage, which uses up a point of Quintessence,

can be

soaked.

Finally, ifthe Horizon Realm contains a Node, the Talisman':
earer can meditate and regain Quintessence wherever he is, just
as if he were meditating at the Node itself (Prime 3 Effect)

However, the Talisman's own Quintessence cannot be replen-
ished remotely in this way. Sadly, the Mobile Home is almost

always vulgar to use.

eee Selective Mine

30, Cost 10
thanatos Master Takashi Irakamura, called

Arete 5, Quintessence

In 1967, the
"The Decayer," entered the Shard Realm of Forces to create three
of these devastating mines. The Decayer planned to use them in
a full-scale assault on the Technomancer Construct Null-B that,

as it turned out, never occurred. While distracted in the Realm,
Irakamura was ambushed by a malicious Umbrood, After the
battle, the Euthanatos plunged intoa lengthy Quiet. He recovered
in his Chantry on Earth and did not recall what he had done with

the three Selective Mines. Since then, two mines have been
detonated in separate incidents, one by Iteration X, the second by
a Marauder. The last mine's location is unknown.

A Selective Mine is a 50-pound metal disk that looks some-
thing like a manhole cover. No physical force harms it, and it has
two dice of innate countermagick. The only known ways to
activate a mine are through Forces 5 magick (requiring three
successes on the Effect roll) or by speaking the activation word
aloud while touching the mine. Each mine has a different activa-
tion word, and Takashi Irakamura no longer knows them. Several
Umbrood who witnessed his battle in the Shard Realm know the
words, but they bargain zealously before revealing them.
king the activation word, the speaker may men-
tally picture up to ten other beings. The speaker, other pictured

After sp

individuals and the objects they carry take no damage when the
mine detonates.

The mine cannot detonate unless it is activated. Once
activated, it detonates when it is moved again, or when any
moving object or being (other than the speaker and other pro-
tected beings) approaches within 10 eet. When the mine detonates,
everything within a 50-yard radius, except the speaker and those

he pictured, takes 10 Health Levels of aggravated damage. This

damage cannot be soaked or dodged, though a mage who is aware
of the mine can use countermagick. Anyone or anything beyond

the 50-yard radius is unharmed. The mine is destroyed, and all its
Quintessence is expended. Though powerful, the mine's detona-
tion is coincidental in tech-friendly locations.

287

Appendix

[D.WEK

"suontpuoo Surzruewnyap pue amodary 2]1q!
-parduy ‘aoueasisar Aavay 1adxe pjnoys wyeay ay sta 02 ysNous
Aypnyun auoduy ‘suodeam IpeDouyr2] IYO pue SW LTH
aiea19 02 [101 NOA se ad10 4-41] INA UFeAP s1EI[OD [exD!BEWMOUYDO
asaya dures 10ge] aAeys pjOo k JO [21 YHOAW Woy padeasa aaey
OYM sy>nasAur vay asoy | "Jayrorg Sig UArYsLY pjnom wey yroaNIDU
Ads snauzaqd> & ypin ung st ased styp "Aouaroiya wnunxeu
Jo} pousisap uaaq sey WHOAW ‘wWyeay Joopur aaisseu y

"ay! sBIDOUYDe | JOAk}-Jo-INO puk sy>TasAwU ssa}
soy dors jeuy oy sowosag ionnsuoZ stp ‘sse | pauoYydis-o1g 10
uoneis Sunsoasey Y ‘syued JNeII0UYDa | oy) Suowe UAAd pared}
St YHOAW Jo ionnsuog ayp ‘wpeay-uosud Sudju0y y

VHDAW

"ayt] 2,us20p
dy asoy? WIM aIeUNIsgo UdYO st OYA ‘snoyjnyY UeY A[puaLy

etosn azul oq |[IM wraashs mau oy ‘Aynyadopy ~19IUIN YAgS
siy Suneou st asnoyjnyy aouts yat]as Jo Ysts aA199]]09 & poyrearq
soptydorjqiq Auepy ‘warshs SurBopere> sa yndwos eaonusuo0s31 Woy
pur Aowowi sty peojumop 01 Wop 40} UOIsstUad SuISpna3 aaed

asnoynyy ‘pasueyp avy sSuryp ‘sidapy pent, ayp jo pearue ay
yar ‘Moura 4q sypeas ay paztuesio pey asnoyjnyy snuzapoyriN
ISTATYDS
pur syoog ‘s]Jo19s Jo spuesnoyp Auew aasasaid saaryoue ay L

sdew

—auaisixa-uoU sem woashs SUI

‘uon

e0[dxa Jeotshyderaur ur aseyd v proda1 02 papuarut UoHeALasard
S11 ang ‘arep Jo ano saLNaUa> aq AvLU AZOJOUSOD UO OO YY *AIOIsTY
Jo Suonmtsuesa ay I99Ya1 Ing "uaINd Ajpaey ae Sy>DeIS ay] "sUOR
"Ipea, YOUSAWY SUIN at Jo Arorsty ayA WadUOD saouasajas asoUL
TY AaquIdUIAI 01 as} aq P[hom stasmorq YSNoUpTe ‘a19y a]qe[EAL
24v sdINOSaI ISLA, "3JOYM & sv sUOLIPEL] ay sIUasasdas 19119q
wo!da]}09 aya ‘darassiog Jo saresqi] ay sv aseA se ioU YBnoYyL,
SaATyary [OUND atp jo pnoad ada are wozOF Jo sWUAPISaY

SOAIYDAY OYE
-ayquuasse 01 1un09
aunus tp

sne9 |] (aB\y 1A YSIPY ayp Jo pua ay}]) Aouasiows
sotpour A[uo wy A]>¥!] swUdAs 11 ‘AIPES "ggET UF [!IUNOD YAgs
ay 10y parvadde — sauQ MoJo} ayp Jo skoaua axp Surpnyour aou

saatiequasaadas 9014p AUG ‘a2e] Jo aday udAq I0U sey a]NpaYps
SUL "L661 UE Np st UNO' tgE >YJ "XoUINba 19WUMS Ie SIX
auru A19a9 199 saaneauassidar suoNIper | aya ‘awh BUOY

sey sup ssaoons apa]
ypu (P1318 ay soYdi9ap 01 sanuNUOD saWUd}Y Jo 1p axp ‘apy
-uvayy "porous! A]]eraua8 asam sulte|> Yong "}oUNOD ay UO Iwas
Jeuonppe ue wre] snyp pue —jjag seuaqie, ay 40 19~Pq ,sUOg
ayp se yons — araydg try Jesnatpoddy umo sayp Yat [BIs Mou
ayp Ayuap! 02 YoINb sear UOINIpeL] Yor "eYD ayp Uo paseadde
[!31s umouyuN ue o8e sIeak may e YaArMO] "Uaaq aavy AdTP
9} [oUNOD ayp apisino Woy skoaua 104 apise 19s A]JeUoIpeN
sea eas YO] aYLL, ‘sPAneauasaiday UONpeL | ayp jo wawasuELE
Bunvas oy Sunesiput ‘soaydg ay jo sjoquids aya ym uaaesd

s

aie asayp Jo aUIN ‘Sieas TeasB QT are a]qea sty Sumpunong

uolsuadsy ay] ase 997

‘asanbai uodn suojesiaauos aujque aweader
ued pur saqureyp ay UT press} 2eUp |] sprog ree sty | "a10yds
Je2s(ao e Aq payunowns ‘491099 ay2 UI spuers poom YsIn]q Jo 9]q4u2
aepnouto aie] y "]]eY pawop "Ysry e st aqureyD [UND oy,

Jgquieyy |lOUNOD 9YL

‘a1y poom Aq pauutea jr se ‘Azo9 are sypety
poypue ayp uoag ‘sdwepoyag wou Suez-auozo ayp pue auswyoied
Plo ‘asuaout jo ua2s aya ‘oUOIS puL Poom SuIyva19 — rdxuUEIq
Bunopuos v ayy] Arorsty Jo ssoad ay joay sist, ‘payee
wWIEDYL-qns ]JewWS v PIN yea ‘uOIIpeLL Yous s0j duo ‘siaquIEYD
aeaud our at] saquieyD [ounog ay punory -9yr] Jo 991,
onstjeqqey atp punore pusisap st soiaiur s,3urpping wrew ay |

saSeyjta azua pur aye] Surpyreds w ‘ayy euaqie,,
ayp Aq UoRoUNXxa Woy pares eUNe} DyAAU Jay pu sUI0D
-1un ‘SUI axayas saaoad yam aaajdox ‘Ax2UNOD Suy]Jos a]quiaso4
4 Jo Ut

spunoa3 Suypunouans oy J. "sie Pp 40} AAtAANs pur UOZOF{
01 Iwanes P[nod saSew jo sparpuny Aso] aM e7A\ UOJSUDIsy
dYp J] "SWOOI aBeIOIs pu sasse]D ‘sdoysyiom ‘9]oI19 UDUIYAIID

e ‘sayoanyp pue sajdwaa ‘pareanynd ase (aduens pue ouepunur
yiog) sqzoy Auew axaym suapred ‘AeuyU! ue ‘saLoNUOp —
s8urpying jo sparpuny sey punodwos ay 1 ‘shoruouney pur anbrun
Surypowios st aynsaz ay_f *(paruasaidar Ajsood s} usaisayy WIAPOY,
yBnoyp) spouad pue sasvjd Aueur woy sajdas jo volun dane
-a19 & SI UoHeIO9ap PUR aiNyoaxTYoIe ay], "punodwos spseuoW
& sajquiasas xajdwios ureur s,uozI0}] ,2pIsino,, aya WoIy
"soum) ]]e ae payu
-edwioo9e pur jeuod ayp Sursaiua asojaq papuryg Ajjex>!3eur ore
Aaya ‘ssa998 UTES 02 sa8eUN J9ss9] 10 Aressad9U AfANJosqe sat UDY AA,
"w]RayY s,uOrLOF] 01 sUONDaMIP aay UOHIpeLL y>va jo sirsey
ayp AJUQ "yrs AprejnBa1 spexod sa pue aoadse 4pyzva ou sey
3] ‘UAppTY [JPM st UozLOF] "[louNoD ayp Jo autod Jeo0} ay sy
"Burdg AypBud] & saye 9UTUINg
OH] Wkrp daase sa8ew asous ‘sroquiout

paiaiua Ayeuy sey uc
duru ]]e sey pUNOD ay It MOK ‘sieas a10UL 10 aUIO Jo AdUIEA
Sutunda1 aya oO JeqeD asM1Z porej-|]! aya Woy ‘sy>eques Aue
pur ssazZoid mojs uaas sey [oUNOD ayp ‘oBe s1vad QQg UoHdaduUt
Si aduig "sade atp ysnosp umop aunzo} suv parountur sey pu

‘uoNeIOAUOD pURID S11 asNOY 02 JUIN Jo [}OUNOD
ayp Jo asoyaq ay 3 pared sem UOZO}]

AjjueyD UOZLIOL]

¥
‘soe uompery Auew 07 ‘oureu ) by

y
Aq asea} ae ‘umouy ase saavjd BuIMO]]O} IY yy
«2112 "YSMY — 4 v4

spun) snopaivu pup aSunus asayp aav.3 wy, bs
spuvy parfid fo yom ayy aas | Pp

Soo] q JueLoduy

WA


Doissetep

One of the most ancient of Chantries, Doissetep originated in
what is now Thailand, but has been magickally transferred many
times throughout history. It finally retreated entirely to the Shade
Realm of Forces after the Technocracy destroyed its earthly aspect

in Spain.

Atop a mountain in the center of an Earth-like Realm, the
sheer immense power radiating from Doissetep's walls overwhelms
all who look upon it. Cyclopean towers rise 30 stories into the
crackling, purple sky; its outer bailey runs a mile in diameter.
Within this vast structure of stairs and secret passages dwell 400
servants, 200 soldiers and more than 50 mages (mostly Masters)
among 10 separate cabals. It boasts a cloudship hangar and perhaps
the largest arcane library in existence. Doissetep is powered by
seven great Nodes, among them Stonehenge, the third most
powerful Node on Earth.

Members of Doissetep hail from many Traditions, though
Verbena, Akashic Brothers and Hermetic mages 2
numerous. For all their diversity, most membe:

re the most

shave one thing in
common: a dedication towards destroying the Technocracy. How-
ever, deep in the midst of Winter as they are, cabals spend more

time in power-politics than in cooperation. Ascension is all but
forgotten. Doissetep has become a study in hubris, st

s overcom-
ing dynamism and spiraling towards entropy.

Autocthonia

The mysterious "heaven" of Iteration X, this machine Realm
is said to orbit the sun in both real space and the Deep Umbra. Few,
if any, Tradition mysticks have visited Autocthonia and returned
to tell of it. Pirated Virtual Adept data suggests that this cybernetic
Utopia combines spiritual, mechanical and biological elements
intoa living entity. The possibilities of such a place are chilling to
consider.

Entrance to Autocthonia is restricted, even to other
Technomancers. It is thought that teleportation chambers in the
most remote corners of secure Constructs beam pilgrims to this
bio-mechanical wonderland. Autocthonia's specifications remain
classified at the moment. Fromall available data, however, it rivals
Horizon for power, size and sheer resources. The truth may be
revealed all too soon.

The Digital Web

The Virtual Adepts trace the Net's origins to the telephone
network created by Dr. Alexander Graham Bell. Those who con-
versed over the telephone almost entered a virtual reality where
space had no meaning. They compared telephones to the telepathic
communication of the Ahl-i-Batin. Adept Alan Turing theorized
that they had stumbled upon Mount Qaf, the mind-shapable realm
of the AhL-i-Batin, lost for over a hundred years. He sacrificed his
life in discovering a method of programming this "virtual reality."
‘As wergild, the Adepts claimed the Net for their own domain.

The Virtual Adepts are masters of the Digital Web, though
not undisputed. Other factions access the Net as well; after all,
information ought to be free. Yet this generosity has turned against
them — the Technocracy wants the Net all to itself. At this
moment, Virtual Adepts and Void Engineers compete in a great
race to format all free sectors (which currently seem limitless).
Several areas of the Net include:

IN

The Crystal Palace

Existing entirely within the Net, the Ancestral Chantry of
the Virtual Adepts is founded on shards of information and spun
from inspiration. Itappears as a spanning, arching, multi-towered
virtual palace of crystal and pearl, glimmer and substance. It has
no doors to lock, no windows from which to spy. Passing through
the polished walls is a matter of sheer will, cleverness and balls.
The interior is an angular maze of halls, stairs and chambers. Data
flows constantly through the walls, refracted and reflected, fo-
cused and dispersed by their faceted structure. It's said that almost

any information can be found here, given time and patience.
However, the longer this information is stored, the more likely it
has been altered (others would say "corrupted"; the Virtual Adepts
prefer "transformed").

Many considers this Chantry's existence a mere cybertale. In
truth, very few outside the Virtual Adepts have seen the Crystal

Palace. It never remains in a single sector for very long, and the
access codes constantly change. Every Adept must prove her
Eliteness by locating the place... each and every time she visits
Thus, rediscovering the Crystal Palace is something of a repeat-
able Grail Quest.

Assuming they locate the Palace, every Virtual Adept (and

proven ally) is welcome. Ad hoc meetings are periodically held,
presided over by the most Elite mage present. Others are seated
according to Eliteness. Decisions are made by vote. Tasks are
never assigned; an Adept simply volunteers for any assignment he
thinks is within his ability (or beyond, if he is daring or reckless).
Forall their high-tech gadgetry, the Virtual Adepts are very much
Arthurian heroes at heart. Simply replace martial prowess with
ability, glory with a good rep, valor with guts and chivalry with the
Hacker's Code of Ethics.

The Spy's Demise

This virtual bar is accessible to Tradition mage and Techno-
crat alike. In fact, everyone considers it neutral ground. No one
brings violence or vulgar magick inside the bar; the staff is quite
capable of enforcing the peace.

The Demise is a m

hanging labyrinth of shifting

ean ev
levels, hidden cubbyholes, secret doors and smoky meeting rooms,
Although a few large areas remain constant, siderooms and corri-
dors come and go, shiftand reappear elsewhere. These rooms often
reflect the nature of their occupants. A room filled with Ecstasy
Cultists might resemble a Haight-Ashberry acid house, while one
playing host to Technomancers would seem flat and sterile.

In these rooms, patrons can relax, sip Tass and hear all the
latest gossip. It's even said that an animate cloak frequents the
place, buying and selling used Talismans. Regulars include weird
Umbrood beings, pulp heroes, entities shaped from pure data and

icons of all types.

When in the Spy's Demise, the only advice to keep in mind

is "Don't be surprised."

289

Appendix


6661 ‘Asn3ny ‘oreonag prYq§ —
-uny aaepy jsAn3 ‘syuey
"ante ated ay daay oys sous pue
sadnon ‘suey atp — nos Jo J]e 01 apnazaess jo woq e ‘Apse] PUY
"squared Aut ‘asinoo jo ‘pur {uosuay] jy 8919 pue Buypseag J9y1UUEL
‘Aaqoy une] pue UYof ‘par] Mopeys ‘Apnf wy YY "WIGgIN SYD
4ayaag Aaig siauued Sunes aw0} pue spudty Aur {(>yeaxq [eUOIS
-sajoud asi Aus oui aad Oym) Ad[peag JWT LOLRYy {(99uR19]01
pue dao] uoddns ssappua say 40}) uisxejg Apua;y {(drysiorusw
pue ao Jesus ‘diyspuary sty 40)) soBpug |]Igq :Beyy uo yom
Aw ‘uorsuaixa Aq pue ‘aur paouanyut Ajpeuosiad aa,oym ajdood

soypo ayp uoTuaU on Aarunsoddo aup sstuU 3,t40M% | ‘AypeIMEN

aureu sso] Yonuu ‘Ayjeuosiad saquiauias
aaa or (aaeqap pur UoIssnosIp sTaseIsNyWUA Jo SINOY ssa[pud aUuads
94, [ WOU YT) suey ALU OO PU YNIpOO A, WUAANaa J SI9IUI\
uy ‘SeWOYL YorYy ‘URdy Uda|YALY ‘Udseppeuroy ey ‘voy
ADIN ‘Aydanyy (astue) uaaay ‘Aydinyy Maspuy ULAay ‘900 )q WIL
sueusaypyy UoueEG "UITYsNePyy Apnf ‘uosyaef yeyy AAUIqeUy
2S ‘PUIET SHY ‘[yx99}{ J9ypeAP] pure AUP "YDre}] GoY ‘Ys!
qiag ‘Broquaaig maupuy ‘ayt{o way ‘ddnyo weg ‘jaqdues
uelig ‘umoig aaaig ‘saSplig [fig ‘sauueg Aarug "urassy qog
ssuornqnuod aoyp ainyes | ‘sBuryA

J9{ 10 01 UO DUOS aavy aUUOS YSNOY | "P}Om aues styp Jo aouesqns
pue wioy oy ur wed Bre] Ayersadsa ue padeyd avy sramoy

enpIAIpul BULMOTIO} 9Y],L, "Ploy AOU NOA rey 10) aIpasd saasasap
squawiayddns saw ay jo suo UO payiom sey OYA auoAIDAa

‘aaeas quand sit 10} Avg B ayer Ayquiny | pue 4yjasit adaduod aya

peg SUD pue x14,
aaaig pue uemaig Y8noypLYy ‘suornqisauod s,9}doad AueUL jo wns
aya st ‘o10Ja194p ‘pLOM s,aBeyy "suadaap pur saSuey> woned wy

40} Upaid aya Jo oeys s,uOI] aya aasasap 4

uaaa ang ‘usisop puvas v s,as9y ‘ssaadoid ut yom k st aBe]
1 ‘

an Sat A294 A\ PAD «

auokue ny 49Adu eHaIsAY paseys apy] B WAY
ayp Jo aweU ayp UL Yonyp [e20] a4 UMOP sung aUO OU se SLO]
og ‘Addey ag J], ‘Ava soyarg "soured aq asnf |] days aqdeyy "u9aq
avy aUrU se ‘MUS ayp apIsINo suOZHOY INOA UapeOAG |] IT YATA
s]]91 dno anod satis aya sdeysag "Uny Jo 20] & Jo []>Y e U99q sey
uonipg puosag a8eyy a1va19 0 asanb ayy "saonisead ashw [Je or
uoUUOD apt Ue ‘AauNof e se Y>13eUW Jo vapr yp st *YsnoUp "Wy
Buowe JaryD "Is!] p[noo | wey? sBurypp aout 49909 sauey> YL

WOINIPa Puodds sit aavy aa ‘aseajad Sade JOYE SIVA OM TL,
quLsYIUsIs Uaaq aavy Ady? ang ‘JeUOsiad ae sosueY ay]

-soop yaw pos Aue se ‘19]]a14101s ax padeys sey ayer ay J "att 40} 0s
aw 9q svy 21 Pur ‘9Aa1g PUL ULAAIG 40} seaL a] "UOIeaID JeUOSIad
Ajsuaaut uv st ar ‘sawed Joy, ANY AK []E OAT St AL ey aBeyy
SaYEUW IWYA S| UONAUOD aw 394 "IeYA Jo yBnoua pey Ajqeqod
94,004 "Yooq siup Jo pua aup Aq Stpeg sauauMUarYyst]Uq Uo IIyUOD
ADULT 94} JO JAS AYP Joy sand ayp Butsnodsa apes ev yar au NO,
dase 3,UOM | ‘SdUT] ay Uaaartaq WHO 3uiZ00 siUTeL Xoq-deos At 99s
ue owred aup Yarn serTUNEy TUALLY "Isanb v auIODaq sey aE

suayp aouts pasueyp aaey ssuryp
Aueur ang ‘spezap au YL Nox atog 3,u0m | "FJastury sseaEquID 01
Jou piey 4494 BuIA apnp arddry pasrey-Suo] 1uasayoo-jjey ‘pres
Bey v soquiowias AeU! ¢6, UODUID Iv aUL As OYA aUOKUY

woIsuadsy OY] :38RW GZ

"hog YO *4220] sty UO 1821
» 2g jpim asayp ‘owonag "ayy ‘94 "Aaniqisuodsaa Aur "qof Au ‘Kor Ay
SUI []Y "Sto1va19 ayp paySsoq aad rey sidadu0D YatM ‘sUOHIe}
Suzem snoj uaamgag Wor Aatpeas Jo owes Yy "aUTUL |]e sear I! P]Or
sem pure UOQUAH a1ojaq shep aay ‘OUH] JJO/K\ PUY AK UP Jo asamaU
ap papuey uaag asnf pey | "paytuar seam | ‘oSe siwak om],

ojeonig [Vd

"Aofug *Aanquad axau aya 10) sats Buy]]92
nod daay 02 auINJoa sp ULE suid Suny YSnoud puy |],NoA YUIYB
| swRaspAep May & 40} JOYDHI 2,USt ayT] PSOYA uly ‘suoNEUIeUT
ino a1eaNND saop a! Ing ‘Apog ueWNY ayy Ur ase axayA sauog
Auew Moy sn ypear ou AeW auMeEION] DAeUTseW] "UOHeUTTEUNL
ayp 10} suid Suny se syoog sty pamara ay yeys (anqea yeanajno
SAHONNsUOD OU Pay UONDY JoLOY sty IY PaUE]D OYA soAHD
01 Sutuajo4) a101m aou0 Fury Uaydarg "oH eUIeUNT INOA se |] se
jo9]]aqUT MOA yzeds []1M\ YtYA sSurEp puy NoA ey adoy J ‘dep jo
P}OM ayp Supojdxa Joy NA YURYB | ‘peas pos ‘nos or puy

Bunn pytyp otp Surat 40g a1
Suraosdun Appsea pue adeyy Jo Wao) oy Supper soy 41 Suruoy pue
ae Jo [oUI9y ay Buyer 10j s19314M UOLIpa puooas aup jo ]]e pue
[Yq Yep 02 eM | ‘aras9 UOINIpa as ay Jo J]EYaq UO ‘og

"10 AouoU ano pred nod YM savy. ‘aBEyy Jo adoos
ay saetp ang "YySnomp-peas asiy s1ay2 UO pawYyauoao aq [IIIs
[]!4 stapeas Mau aqnop ou aaky | YA ‘Burssedwoous-|]e os ‘aBre] os
[18s st Joog siyp ‘ayeastn OU ayeyy "A]SurUTELIAIUD ao pu AL

219
21OUI sped a] "snoLaIsku []!9s 394 ‘payterap Ajdaeys aout st pom
ULL "ISHY ap J9A0 JUALHAAOIdUNT ISeA v SE TMANJOA sty IeEp aasBe |
Suruuidoq ay Woy sured ayp YaIM Taag avy OYM Nos jo aso IY
ure1199 tw] "YORNIpa puodas sty Yaa jJasi} aBePY 2 UOJ ADU UDAIT

sey] ay MON ‘peas z9A9 aay | suoNeaI|qnd sues asouy ay Jo aUIOs
parezsoyio sey ay ‘our atp Sunsoddns uy "steak omy ase] aya 404
aBeyy Surdo}

ap uoaq sey pur ‘ut paddoas oweanag pr4q U9Y |
"paredTUNUTUOD |Jam Sem ALES ax Jo adUAssa ay JI 998
01 ‘Area pear at jt 99s 01 aDa[ord ayp Woy Avme YSnoud sey days or
a]qissodun seas a1 ‘yzaig 3urat3 jo saoayp peuy ays Uy IDa#1ad OU 19M
suiaysds ay J "4a ]2 JOU sem a] "UeA]D 10U SEM MOH IPA ISALy BLY
"s1oquam paiuayea Jo Wear eB pu OIG [IYq Woy aw aavy AY Or
SSL dy,L :YSnoUp ‘ureUa9 10} Bury UO MOUy | "S100 pIJos OUI
au aaed am qeya Yury or ay] Py "epid pue UoHdwapar ‘story
Jeuosiad jo souois areuorssed YIM sueuaiUa ose aBey, YUN

02 YH] PL "PHOM eas ano ut astxa aeyp suoIBIa1
uaaa pur sarydosoyryd ‘sazmyyno quaxayip inoge But
-purasiopun pur ssauareme Jo stoop Maj B Buruado
‘uonviojdxa yeorskydeiu Jo sonuaae mou o1ut
soured Suyjox4u01s Sunyea Ut papaarons aeyy Yur
01 91] P,[ "M018 02 SOO PPLyD AMO aaws am YUIy 02
291] P, uontpg asaty aBepy saypa302 ind oym wear
aup yo ued sy ,-Aeme Ay 02 SSUIM pue A028 01 IOC
uaip]iyp s1ayp aa18 swuared,, S908 9YD1]9 Oy,

yo91M Ueyda]g

SPICMIILV

WA

Index
Notes: Aspects headings list, in order, ma-
terial pertaining to the subject.
Most large term groups (characters, rules,
Traits, Effects, charts, etc.) will be found
under ¢ headings, rather than individu-
ally.
The Lexicon (pp. 8-11) defines many fic-
tional terms. Most Titles can be found on
pp. 10-11. Technocracy Terminology (p.
49) offers common Technomancer jargon.
Game Terms (p. 83) lists most game system
terms. Helpful Terms (p. 161) explains
many magick system terms.

— qv. = see also
© Aspects/Character Creation 85-139
(q.v. Experience Points; Foci; Traditions;
Traits)

Concepts 86, 89, 138

Attributes 86, 89, 120-121

Abilities 86, 89, 122-130

Advantages 87, 89, 130-137

Finishing Touches 87-88, 90

"Freebie Points" 87, 90, 139

Sample 89-90

Prelude Questions 90-92

Creation Chart 138-139
© Aspects/Mage Path 29-35, 226-232
(q.v. Ascension; Path, the; Seeking)

Awareness 5, 33-34, 226-229

Conflict 34, 229-230

Resolution 34-35, 231-232
© Aspects/Storytelling 142-155
(q.v. Storyteller; Troupe; Chronicle)

Chronicle 143-145

Nuts & Bolts 145-149

Themes 149-150

Mood/Atmosphere 151-152

Story Concepts 152-153

Advanced Techniques 153-155
Aggravated Damage

see Injury
Apprenticeship 10, 227
Arcanum 18, 274-275
Archetypes

see Traits
Arete 8, 71, 87, 134, 161, 227-228, 231
(q.v. Traits)
Ascension 6, 8, 30, 35, 38, 115, 231-232
Ascension War 6, 8, 31, 38-42
Autocthonia 50, 289
Avatar 6, 8, 31-32, 60, 71, 92, 114-115,
131, 228
(q.v. Traits)

Awakened, the 5-6, 8, 33, 71
Barabbi 10

Cabal 8, 56-57, 91-92

Caern 8, 23, 233

Celestine 10, 235-236
Certdmen 11, 47, 111

© Chantry (aka Construct; Labrynth) 8,

19, 25-26, 56-57, 288-289
Society 56-57
Types 19, 57
Examples 288-289

* Character Listings
Aelida 282
Cheshire 89-90, 162-163
(Cyborgs) 276
D'Arcangelo, Anson 280
Gillan, Mark H. 275-276
HIT Mark 50, 276-277
Ik-Thazai 279
Lord Talos Perdix 281
Manticora 279
Men in Black 51, 277-278
Muntus-Kulmu 282
Nattick, Arlan 278-279
Olonga the Whisperer 282-283
O'Rourke, Meggan 280-281
Pattern Spider 283
Pago-Pago 280
(Paradox Spirits) 283-285
Victors 278
Zigg'raugglurr 281

Charms
see Charts & Tables

* Charts & Tables
Casting Magick 169
Character Creation 138-139
Climbing 250
Combat Reference 262-263
Difficulties & Successes

See Chapter Five

Experience Points 139, 228
Hacking 245
Injury 265
Interrogation 254
Magick Reference 170-171
Oration 254
Performance 254
Quiet 178
Repair 252
Research 255
Shadowing 252
Spirit Traits/ Charms 237-239
Strength Feats 251

Stunt Driving 253
Trait Ratings 80, 138-139
Chronicle 143-145
Cinematic Example 160
Coincidental/Vulgar Magick 8, 10, 64-65
160-161, 163, 169
© Combat Rules 256-263
(q.v. Charts & Tables, Rules)
Armor 260, 263
Attack Rolls 256-257, 262
Damage 257, 262-264
Do 94, 125 261, 263
Dodging 257
Firefight 258-259, 262
Initiative 249, 262
Magick in Combat 260-261
Melee & Brawl 259
Soaking 257, 260-261
Surprise Move 259
Umbral 242
Computer
see Rules
Conjuctional Effect 161, 187
* Conventions 8, 50-53
(q.v. Technocracy)
Iteration X 50, 68
NWO 51,97
Progenitors 52
Syndicate 52
Void Engineers 53
Council of Nine 8, 40, 42, 108
(q.v. Traditions)
Crafts 8, 55, 112
(q.v. Solitaries)
Custos 8, 55
(q.v. Non-Mages)
Dice Pool 80-81, 83
(q.v. Traits)
Dimensional Science 68, 170, 216
Demon 8, 22, 219, 235, 237
Digital Web 24, 44, 89, 242-244, 289
Doissetep 26, 34, 289
Domino Effect 64
(q.v. Magick Rules)
Drahma 35, 94
© Dramatic Systems 250-256
(q.v. Charts & Tables)
Physical pp. 250-253
Social 253-254
Mental 254-256

© Effects 83,188-223
(q.v. Spheres)

—Correspondence 188-191
Apportation 189
Ban 189
Bubble of Reality 190
Divided Sight 190
Chain 189
Co-location 191
Filter All-Space 190
Hermes Portal 190
Landscape of the Mind 189
Open/Close Window 189
Polyappearance 191
Seven-League Stride 189-190
Spatial Mutations 191
Stalking the Void 190
Ward 189
Whereami? 189
—Entropy 192-195
Beginner's Luck 194
Binding Oath 195
Blight of Aging 195
Destroy Thought 195
Dim Mak 193
Erode Matter 194
Games of Luck 194, 284
Like Clockwork 194-195
Locate Disorder 193
Midwife's Blessing 195
Ring of Truth 193-194
Sense Fate & Fortune 192
Slay Machine 194
—Forces 196-199
Call Lightning 199
Darksight 198
Discharge Static 198, 287
Embrace the Earth Mom 199
Quantify Energy 198
System Havoc 198, 281
Telekinetic Control 198-199
Tempest in a Teapot 199
Walking on Water 198
—Life 200-203
Animal Form 203
Better Body 202-203
Genetics Scan 201
Ho Tien Chi 202
Heal Simple Creature 201-202
Lesser Shapeshifting 203
Little Good Death 202
Mold Tree 202
Mutate Form 203

Effects (Life)

Perfect Metamorphosis 203
Physiological Emotion Control
Prayer of Healing 204-207
Rip the Man-Body 203

—Matter 204-207
Alter State 206
Alter Weight 207
Analyze Substance 206
Destroy Structures 206
Fragments of Dream 206
Matter Pattern Dis. 207
Sculpture 206-207
Seeds of Gold 206
Straw into Gold 206
Tapping the Signal 207
Transformers 207

—Mind 208-211
Agis 210
Al211
Graphic Transmission 210, 284
Manipulate Memory 211
Multi-Tasking 209, 289
No-Mind 209
Pathos 210
Possession 210-211
Probe Thoughts 210
Psychic Impression 210
Shield 210
Subliminal Impulse 210
Telepathy 210, 289
Untether 211

—Prime 212-215
Bond of Blood 215
Create Talisman 215
Enchant Weapon 214
Flames of Purification 215
Heart's Blood 214
Quintessence Blast 215
Recharge Gift 215
Rubbing the Bones 215, 284
Sense Quintessence 214, 276
The Rush 214

—Spirit 216-219
Awaken Inanimate 218
Breach Gauntlet 218
Break the Dreamshell 219
Call Spirit 217
Create Fetish 218
Deep Umbral Travel 219
Detect Possession 217
Exorcism 219
Free Mad Howlers 218

Effects (Spirit)
Gauntlet Prison 218
Living Bridge 218-219
Psychic Sterilization 218
Spirit Kiss 217
Spirit Sight 217, 283
Stepping Sideways 218, 233
—Time 220-223
Accelerate Time 223
Internal Clock 223
Postcognition 223
Programmed Event 223
Sidestep Time 223
Slow Time 223
Songs of Future Days 223
Time Sense 223
Time Travel 223
Ephemera 216-217, 235, 242
(q.v. Umbrood)
Epiphany 8, 31, 33-34

Essences 30-32, 88, 114-115, 138, 228

(q.v. Traits)
Example of Play 266-271
Experience Points
see Rules
Extended Roll
see Rules
FBI 272-273
Fetish 73, 134, 217-219, 237, 245
First Cabal 42-43
© Foci 8, 72-73, 88, 179-184
(q.v. Aspects/Char. Construction)
Rules 181-182, 260
Types 183-184
see Traditions
Fomori 34, 54
Gaia 9, 20
Gate 9, 242

Gauntlet, the 9, 20 170, 216-219, 239

Gilgul 9, 35, 217
Guardian 11, 31
Health Level

see Injury Rules; Traits

Hidden World (aka Supernaturals) 7, 17-

19, 34, 60, 174, 232-239
Hobgoblin

see Quiet
Hollow World 27
Horizon Chantry 44, 288
Horizon Realms 22, 25, 71, 239
Horizon, the 9, 25, 219, 239
Hubris 9, 34, 71, 230
Incarna 9, 235

Initiative
see Combat Rules
© Injury Rules 264-265
(q.v. Charts & Tables; Trait, Health)
Aggravated Damage 171, 264
Disease/Poison 264
Falling 264
Fire 264
Healing 265
Stunning 264
Suffocation 265
Inquisition 19, 273-274
Katiab al Alacir 106-107
Kathy Ryan Rocks
see Layout & Prelude
© Magick 9, 60-73, 159-223
Cosmology 6, 60-73
Magick/Magic 9, 30, 60
Storytelling 179-185
Styles 72, 88, 93-113, 179-182, 185
Magickal Geography & Influence 184-185
* Magick Permutations 172-175
Abilities & Magick 162, 175-176, 250
Acting in Concert 172
Countermagicks 167, 172-175, 189
Examples 175
Sensory Magicks 172
© Magick Rules 161-171
(q.v. Charts & Tables; Effects; Paradox;
Rules)
Automatic Success 164
Botching 135, 167, 169
Casting Time 161
Countermagick
see Magick Permutations
Difficulty 163, 169
Dodging & Resistance 166-167
Domino Effect 165
Examples 168-175
Extended Rolls 163-164
Magick Roll 163, 169
Modifiers 163-171
Mundane Knowledge 162
Paradox
see Paradox
Range, Damage, Duration 165-166, 171
Using Quintessence 165, 172, 212-215
Using Willpower 135, 164
Simultaneous Effects 161
Successes Needed 163, 170
Transmutation & Conjuration 187
Marauder 6, 9, 18, 54-55, 114, 278-280.
MECHA 288

Metaphysic Trinity 9, 31, 62-64
Methodologies
see Conventions
(qv. Technocracy)
Mistridge 42
Multiple Actions 248
Mythic Beasts (aka Bygones)
see Umbrood
Mythic Threads 73, 182
Nephandi 6, 9, 18, 54, 114, 280-281
Node 9, 16, 19, 133, 208, 212-215, 233-234
* Non-Mages 55-56
Acolytes 8, 56
Consors 56
Diabolists/Infernalists 55
Familiars 8, 56
Hedge Wizards 6, 9, 56, 60
One, the 30, 96-97
Oracle 9, 47
Order of Reason 34, 39
Orphan 9, 112-113
(q.v. Solitaries)
© Otherworlds 9, 20-27, 209, 211, 239-
242
(q.v. Realm Types; Rules)
Descriptions 20-27
Systems 239-244
Three Worlds 6, 22-24, 240
* Paradox 6, 9, 26, 34, 70, 137, 167, 176-
179
(av. Magick Rules; Umbrood, Paradox
Spirits; Quiet)
Backlash Forms 70 176-178
Explanations 70, 176
Rules 167-168, 176-179, 261
Trait (char. creation) 137
Path, the 5, 9, 30, 92
Path of Descent 54
Pattern (mystickal) 9, 66, 187, 196, 200,
202, 204, 212, 216
Pogrom 9, 39, 53
Portal 9
Precepts of Damian 51
Pure Ones 9, 30-31, 235
© Quiet 9, 32, 34, 54, 70, 178-179, 230
(q.v. Paradox)
Description 70, 178
Rules 178-179
Quintessence 9, 65-66, 131, 136-137, 212-
215, 233, 235-236
(q.v. Traits, Background)

© Realm Types 9, 239
(q.v. Otherworlds)
Descriptions 22-27, 177, 239
Defined by Name 239
Reckoning, the 7, 38
Resonance 9, 65, 71, 208, 230
Rote 9, 161
© Rules 145-149
(q.v. Charts & Tables and other bold list-
ings)
Basic Rolls & Types 79-82
Botching 80-81, 83
Character Advancement 226-232
Computers 244-245
Examples of Rolls 82
Golden Rule 83
Refresh Rate 83, 115, 135-137
Specialties 88, 120, 187, 229
Talisman Creation
See Talismans
Teamwork 81
Wild Talent 226-227
—Otherworlds (Umbra)
Combat 261
Cosmology 20-27, 239-242
Magick 216-219, 242
Travel & Visitation 20, 22, 209,
211, 216-219, 242-244
Sanctum 19-20
Seeking 9, 31-32, 178, 227-228, 231
Sleepers 7, 17, 60
* Solitaries 55-56
Crafts 9, 45, 55
Errants 10, 55, 275-276
Hermits 55
Orphans 9, 55
Rogues 11, 55
© Spheres 9, 65, 67-68, 83, 138, 186-223
(q.v. Effects)
General Info 67, 162, 186-187
Correspondence 68, 188-191
Entropy 68, 192-195
Forces 68, 196-199
Life 68, 200-203
Matter 68, 204-207
Mind 68, 208-211
Prime 68, 212-215
Spirit 68, 216-219
Time 68, 220-223
10th Sphere 68, 94-95, 111, 186
Sphere Affinity 88, 181, 226
Sphere Specialties
see Spheres

Splitting Die Pools

see Time Rules
Spy's Demise 289
Storyteller 83,142
Storytelling Magick 146-148, 179-186
© Talismans 10, 68, 73, 133-134, 286-287
(aka Device; q.v. Traits, Backgrounds)
Background 133-134
a
Sample Talismans 286-287

ation Rules 215, 218

Tapestry 10, 16
Tass 10, 65, 233, 236
* Technocracy 6, 10, 18, 48-54, 61
(q.v. Conventions)
History 39-42, 48-50
Avatar View 32, 113
Technomagick/Spheres 37, 67-68 186,
216
Terminology 48
Tellurian 10, 16, 66
(q.v. Otherworlds)
© Time Rules 79
Action Scenes 249
Extended Actions 81, 83
Multiple Actions 81
Scenes 79, 83, 248
Turns 79, 248

© Traditions 18, 39-47, 93-113, 115, 138
(q.v. Council of Nine)
General Info 6, 42-47
History 39-43
Akashic Brotherhood 43, 94-95
AhLi-Batin 45
Celestial Chorus 43, 96-97
Cult of Ecstasy 43, 98-99
Dreamspeakers 43, 100-101
Euthanatos 43, 102-103
Hollow Ones 44, 55, 112-113
Order of Hermes 44, 104-105
Solificati 45
Sons of Ether 44, 106-107
Verbena 44, 108-109
Virtual Adepts 44, 110-111
© Traits 80, 83, 114-139
(q.v. Aspects/Character Creation, Rules)
Abilities 83, 122-130
Archetypes 115-12
Arete 83, 87, 139,
Attributes 83, 120-121
Backgrounds 87, 130-134, 139, 229
Concepts 138
Essences 114-115, 138, 228
Health 137, 139

Quintessence & Paradox 83, 87, 136-
137
Willpower 81, 83, 87, 135-136, 230,
237 (spirit)
Triat 9, 62-64
(q.v. Metaphysic Trinity)
Trinary Computer 111, 245
Troupe 83,142
True Mage 9, 30, 60
* Umbra 10, 66, 239-242
(q.v. Otherworlds)
World Descriptions 20-24, 26
Rules 240-242
* Umbrood 10, 21-2

281-285

(q.v. Spirits)
Charms 238-239

Paradox Spirits 177

Types 235-237
Unbelief

see Paradox
Wild Talent

see Rules
Wyck, the 10, 38, 108
Zones 24, 239

NO Aill

:
\

The Magick Cheat Sheet

Correspondence

ooo

Immediate Spatial Perceptions
Sense Space

Touch Space

Pierce Space

Seal Gate

Co-locality Perception

Rend Space

Co-locate Self

Mutate Localities

Co-location

Entropy

. Sense Fate & Fortune
oe Control Probability
eee Affect Predictable Patterns
eeee Affect Life

eeceee = Affect Thought
Forces

. Perceive Forces

ee Control Minor Forces
eee Transmute Minor Forces
eee Control Major Forces

eevee

Transmute Major Forces

Life

Alter Simple Patterns
Heal Self

Alter Self

Heal Life

Transform Simple Patterns

Crea

¢ Simple Patterns

Alter Complex Life Patterns
Transform Self

Transform Complex Life Patterns
Create Complex Life Patterns
Perfect Metamorphosis

Matter

Matter Pe

ceptions
Basic Transmutation
Alter Forms

Complex Transmutation

Alter Properties

Mind

. Sense Thoughts & Emotions

Empower Self

eo Read Surface Thoughts
Mental Impulse
Mental Link

Walk Among Dreams

cece Control Conscious Mind

Astral Projection

Control Subconscious

Forge Psyche

Prime
. Etheric Senses
ee Weave Odyllic Force

Fuel Pattern

eee Channel Quintessence

© — Expel Base
e* Alter Flow

Spirit

Spirit Sight
Spirit Sense
ee Touch Spirit

Manipulate Gauntlet

eee Pierce Gauntlet
Rouse & Lull Spirit
eeee Rend Gauntlet

Seal Breach
Bind Spirit
eeeee Forge Ephemera

Outward Journeys

Time

. Time Sense

ee Past Sight
Future Sight

eee Time Contraction
Time Dilation

ee Time Determinism

Future Travel
Time Immunity

Player:
Chronicle:

™

The Ascension
Nature:
Essence:
Demeanor:

pei

Physical

O0000,
O000O0
OOO0O,

Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina.

Talents
OOO0O0O
OO00O
OOO00O
00000
OOO00O
OOO00O

Alertne
Athleti
Awareness,
Brawl.
Dodge
Expression.
Instruction, OOO00O
Intuition, OOO0O0O
Intimidation, OOO00O
Streetwise. OOOO0O

Subterfuge OOO0O

Correspondence___ 00QOO
Entropy. OOO0O
Forces O0O00O

Social
Charisma OOO0O
Manipulation. OOO00O0
Appearance___0QOOO

1

Skills
Do. OO00O0
Drive. OOOO0O
Etiquette. OOO00O
Firearms. OOO00O
Leadership. OOOO0O
Meditation. OOO0O
Melee. OOO00O
Research, OOO00O
Stealth OO000O
Survival OOO0O
Technology. OOCOO0O

Tradition:
Mentor:
Cabal:

Mental

OOO0O0O
OOO00O
O0000

Perception.
Intelligence
Wits,

Knowledges
OOO0O0O
OOOO0O

Computer.

Cosmology.
Culture. 00000
Enigmas OOOO0CO
Investigation___ O0QOO
Law. OOO0O0O0
Linguistics. OOOCO
OO000O
00000
OO0O00O
00000

Lore.
Medicine.
Occult
Science.

Vi

Life OOO00O
Mind OOO00O
Matter. O000O0

OOOOO
OQO000O0
OQOO0O

Prime.
Spirit
Time

00000 Matter 00000 Time

Backgrounds
OOO0O0O
OOOCO0O
OO00O0
OOO0O0O
OO00O0

Combat

Dificuity | Damage

Arete
OO0O0DQ000O000

Willpower

one me mene nenenen exe)
ooo0o00o00000

Quintessence

og
o %%
ie)

Oo
g
9
©
Paradox

Go08

Health
Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled

Incapacitated

oBbo08o0800

Experience


An Epic Game of
Reality on the Brink

Magick is not dead.
Open your eyes and see with mystick sight.
A War rages,
A Reckoning is at hand.
On one side stand the Others,

Who would twist our world with their mad designs;
On the other hand, the snare of Pride,
And Power's lure,

Await an inner Fall.

Is our Path too narrow?

You decide.

Come forth,

A journey beckons.
Open your eyes
And Awaken.

ISBN 1-56504-400-2
ww4300

780 PARK NORTH BLYD. —_t20.20.1)5 / $38.35 CAN
Sure 100 |
ATLANTA, GA 30021

GAME STUDIO
