# File: Mage The Ascension 1E.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



The Ascension

A Storytelling Game of
Modern Magick

by Stewart Wieck
with Chris Earley
and Stephan Wieck

Truth Ontil Paradox"

Mage™ uses the Storyteller™ Game system.

ight 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved.

y manner without consent
hibited. Players may reproduce the

onal use only.


cen

PME Te

LEE LEE

SLE ISS:

Credits

Design: Stewart Wieck with Chris Earley and Stephan
Wieck

‘Additional Design: Mark Rein Hagen and Chris Hind

Storyteller Game System: Mark Rein* Hagen

Words: Sam Chupp, Christopher Earley, Robert Hatch,
Chris Hind, Mark ReineHagen, Kathleen Ryan, Stephan
‘Wieck, Stewart Wieck, Travis Williams and Keith Winkler

Development: Bill Bridges, Andrew Greenberg, Mark
Reine Hagen, Stephan Wieck and Stewart Wieck

Editing: Robert Hatch, Ken Cliffe and Kathleen Ryan

Designand Development Contributors: Brian Campbell,
‘Sam Chupp, Ken Cliffe, Robert Hatch, Kathleen Ryan, Joshua
Gabriel Timbrook, Travis Williams and Keith Winkler

‘Art Direction: Richard Thomas

Art: Michael William Kaluta, Richard Thomas, Joshua
Gabriel Timbrook, Lawrence Allen Williams, Ken Meyer, J.
William O'Connor, John Cobb, Janet Aulisio, Darryl Ellioe,
Darryl Midgette, Andrew Robinson

‘Typesettingand Layout: Sam Chupp, ChrisMeDonough
and Michelle Prahler

Cover Design: Richard Thomas and Chris McDonough.

Production Assistance: Kathleen Ryan

Playtesters: Bill Bridges, Paul Butler, Andrew Campbell,
William Hale, Harry L. Heckel IV, Rick Jones, Alex Knepper,
Greg Krywusha, Scott Lien, Stephanie Lucas, Benjamin T.
Monk, Jr. Mark Rein® Hagen, Arthur Snyder, Paul Stafford,
Loti Swift, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Matt Troedson, Stephan
Wieck, Tom W iggington, Travis Williams, Daniel Greenburg,
Harry Heckel, Heather Curatola, Robert Kaminsky, Alan M.
Fisher, Jon Sill, Barbara Hare, Travis Bryant, Matthew Gluth,
Ros Issacs, Steve Cook, Alan C. Kerr, Katerine James, John,
Kuzma, Owen Gtersen, Matt Fulton, Lowell Stouder, John.
Lewis, Chris Bartlet, Robert Schroeder, David Pulver, Kathleen
Ryan, Brian Campbell, Matthew Burke, Shayne Patrick,
Victor Smith, Rob McMillon

Dedication

‘This game is dedicated to Robert M. Pirsig, author of Zen
cand the Art of Motoreycle Maintenance (1974) and Lila (1991),
Many people talk of paradigm shifts, but Pirsig makes them
real. In this game, mages are the people who draw us onward
toward their own Dynamic Quality. Pirsig is a mage of this
kind, and I highly recommend both his books.

"What i in mind is a sort of Chautauqua — that's the only
name I can thinkofforit — ike the travelingtent-show Chautauquas
that used to move across America, this America, the one that we are
now in, an old-time series of popular talks intended to edify and.
‘entertain, improve the mind and bring culture and enlightenment to
the ears and thoughts of the hearer. The Chautauquas were pushed
side by faster-paced radio, movies and TV,, and it seems to me the
charge was not entirely an improvement. Perhaps because ofthese
changes the stream of national consciousness moves fasternow, and
is broader, but i sems to run less deep. The old channels carmot
‘contain it and in its search for new anes there seems to be growing
havoc and destruction along its banks. In this Chautauqua I would
like not to cue amy new channels of consciousness but simply aig
deeper into old ones that have become sited in with the debris of
thoughts grown stale and platitudes too often repeated. "What's
new?" is an interesting and broadening eternal question, but one
which, if pursued exclusively, results only in am endless parade of
trivia and fashion, the sit of tomorrow. I would like, instead, to be
concemed with the question "What is best?" a question which cuts
deeply rather than broadly, a question whose answers tend to move
the silt downstream. There are eras of huaman history in which
channels of thought have been too deeply cut and no change was,
possible, and nothing new ever happened, and "best" was mater
cof dogma, but that isnot the situation now. Now the stream of our
common consciousness seems tobe obliterating own banks, lasing
its central direction and purpose, flooding che lowlands, disconnect
ing and isolating the highlands and to no particular purpose other
than the wasteful fulfilment of ts oun internal momentiem. Some
channel deepening seems called for."

Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motoreycle
Maintenance


Table of Contents

Prologue:The Awakening ....
Chapter One: Introduction...
Chapter Two: Setting.
Chapter Three: Storytelling.
Chapter Four: Rules

Chapter Five: Characte
Chapter Six: Traits ..
Chapter S; Magic!
Chapter Eight: Systems
Chapter Nine: Dram.

Appendix: Antagonists ..



The Awakening

AERE ios MY PET Go
Don't worry, your Rose has not.
‘gotten about you. Call me when yc
Bettis Ne 982

La
MADAME WO, pracilionerofibe
magick as can lp you. Ae you

ing for knowledge and cannot
find it? Do Fi. =

seek wisdom and it

cludes you? Call today for an
ointment. No. 3984 " =

Colatment, No 3086
AUTHENTICTIBETANHEAD-

GEAR

fashion fantasy 20

longer. Many styles, colors avail-

able. 4598
2pm.-5

looked first one way and then the other in the
city's dying light. The heat of August had only just begun to
abate, but an icy chill ran up and down his spine, making him
shiver. Reaching under his trenchcoat, Raphael fingered his
hidden katana hile. rs strength, its need to cut, reassured him.

He crossed the street, checking the newspaper he had
with him, lookingat the personal ad (andthe hasty scrawl next
toit), making sure the address was right. He hoped that he
imagining the sensation of being watched, and carefull
ccended the steps of the small Greenwich brownstone.

He stepped up to the top floor, Number 3, and rapped on
thedoorcarefully, quietly looking back at the stairwell below,
unable to escape the feeling that he was being followed.

The door opened. Raphael smiled at the short, clearly

‘Asian woman. "Hai," Raphael said to the woman.

Wo had the sudden urge to close the door and end this
here and now: even after so much time and so much work
trying to get*him here, was he truly ready? The young man
smiled a sure smile, like that of a used-car salesman or a
television evangelist. Self-involvement shone plainly on his
face. His eyes gleamed with the fires of power lst. Still ying
totouch the Tapestry on hisown. Nonetheless, he wasthe best
they could find — the only one who would be able to endure
the months ahead

‘Wo scanned his astral aura; no sign of her hunters. Wo
looked up and down the man. She immediately noticed the
katana under his coat; its presence was no surprise. His
trenchcoatand the silver chain with the yin/yang symbol were
pureaffectation. Hisarms would most likely become entangled
ithe tried o draw his weapon. His mind was awash in mystic
formulas, Zen koans and the secret names of spirits. He was
meticulously trimmed, as if every hair snipped had been done
so on purpose, every whisker cut to tremendous effect. His
sentk grated on her.

tonegate Place, from

She almost closed the door. "No. He cannot be the one."

Wo had to fight her dislike of this one: the others in her
cabal had demanded that she initially train him, and she
expected a certain element of arrogance in an apprentice. But
was this going too far? Would his mundane achievements asa
fencing master cloud his true calling?

Slowly, carefully, she opened the door, peering out again.

‘The man did not blink, but instead made a slight bow in
the manner of a samurai bowing to his lord. Wo chose not to
be offended: this man was clearly Hispanic in origin, an
American, but he had been trained by a master swordsman,
cone whom she respected.

"Lam Raphael. Iam here about the ad." He smiled.

"Tsiang Wo. Follow me."

‘Wo tured and walked back down the corridor, taking a
step up into the kitchen. She paused for a moment at the
French doorsthat led to the courtyard, looking back at him. He
still stood in the hall, looking puzzled.

"Follow." She motioned with her hand.

‘She watched Raphael across the floor. She smiled slightly
ashe stumbled on the step up. Obviously the boy was nervous
—and why shouldn't he be? She led him into the courtyard.

(Out in the courtyard flourished what seemed to be a
peculiar kind of Zen garden, much more complex than any
Raphael had ever seen. Wo stood poised silently, effortlessly,
completely at ease next toa strange sculpture that seemed to
have water flowing out of i

"Raphael"

"Sensei?" The man said reflexively. Her voice had the
tone of command to it

She pointed to a pebble on the ground several feet from
either of them. "Lift the stone."


Raphael thought to himself "She's testing me. How does
‘she know that's the one mystery I could never solve, the one
thing] couldnevermake my chido? How could she know? His
hands began toshake, and he had to clampdown on them with,
his mind. His heart beat faster. Raphael looked up at Wo, who
seemed serene and very serious.

Raphael removed his trenchcoat and carefully laid his
sword aside. He loosened his clothes and dida brief stretching
exercise. He closed his eyes and began to inhale and exhale
deeply; dragon's breath was what his teacher called it. Breath
ing in the chi, breathing out the chi. Making it part of him. He
feltthe world moving underhim, cupped hishandsand ele the
essence of the stone underneath them, far away. He breathed
again, taking step forward. He thrust hishands over the stone,
breathing out as he did. He felt its presence underneath his
palms this time, tangibly. Could he do it? Could he lift the
stone with just his force of will? He left behind doube and
plunged headlong into the idea of the stone, seeking to know
it fully and thus own it. His hands thrust out again, and he
yelled, feeling his power lashing out as he did.

His hear fell as the stone quivered, but did not rise.

‘The woman shook her head slowly. "I will lift the stone
now, Watch."

Wo closed her eyes and extended her hands in mockery
ofhhis actions. She then took one step forward, seized the rock
with her hand, and lied ic off the ground. Opening her eyes,
she showed the stone to Raphael.

"See. You failed. You failed because reality would not
allow you to move that stone, not with all the powers at your
command. Despite your many initiations, degrees of profi
ciency, and your mastery of the sword, you are unable to do
something as simple as levitate a stone."

‘She tossed the stone at Raphael. He caught it easily, but
he was thunderstruck.

"Why are you here?" she said, looking intently at him.

"To learn, sensei. To learn magick. To lear to wield
power!

"Power to what purpose!"

Raphael smiled his con-man smile again. "Enlighten-
ment.

‘Wo smiled back, her smile cold, her eyes glinting. She

~moved softly past him as she went back into the penthouse.
"You are a fool."

By the time Raphael realized what she had said, the old
Asian woman had already stepped through the French doors
intoherkitchen. He heard the soundsofrunning waterand the
chop-chop-chop of akitchen knife. Raphael looked back at the

sculpture, then at the stone in his hand, feeling his anger grow

within him.

"Throwing the stone down and gathering his trenchcoat
and sword, he stalked into the house. Raphael's temper got the
best of him, and he erupted. "You call mea fool, and yet Ihave
beaten the best warriors in the world. You challenge me to lift

stones and then deride me when Ican't! What sortof teaching
is this? What kind of sensei are you?"

‘Wocontinued chopping the shittake mushrooms she was
preparing for her lunch, her face a mask of calm. She checked
herspirit sense once more, casting around as she was wont to
do, Her house was still safe; the wards were still in place.

Raphael spun on his heel, his sword and coat bunched in
hisarms. He stalked back down the stirs, toward the corridor
and the door to the street. Wo smiled and stepped over to the
Pantry, opening the door to the pantry at the same time
Raphael opened the door and lef.

Wo grinned.

‘Slowly, Raphael opened the door again. He stepped out
of the closet and walked into the corridor, looking at it again
aif forthe first time.

"Stay, Raphael. I'm making your favorite kind of stir-fry
for lunch."

How did you.." Raphael said at frst, then steeled him-
self. "Where's the door out?"

Wo gestured in a general direction. "That way."

Raphael stalked off into another part of the house. Wo
smiled again, and picked up a piece of celery. With a single
snap, she broke it in two.

‘There was a crash in the other room, and a yelp

"Be careful." Wo called, her eyes shining. Raphael came
stalking back into the kitchen. "Which way?" he asked cutly

Wo smiled. "Do you really want to leave? Your questions
haven't been answered. Why don't you stay? Things are just
getting interesting."

"I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm afraid that all of this has been one
big unlucky occurrence. Now if you'll just show me the way
ll be glad to take my leave of you, and you'll not have to
see my face again."

Wo shook her head. "How's your dog?"

"What!"

"Your pup. A wonderful animal. "Beast," isn't it?"

Raphael smiled, perhaps for the first rime today, peshaps
the first genuine smile he'd had for a while. "Yes. I named him
after Crowley. How did you know about him? Telepathy?"

"Your computer file."

"What?"

Wo gestured to the wood-panelled study behind her.
Beyond the door, Raphael could see the pale light of a
‘computer monitor.

"Lhave a friend who helps me. Dante. Tell me, Raphael,
how is your new job?"

"Its... it's fine. Why do you ask?"

"And you like your apartment."

"Yes. Igotan incredible dealon it. Bychance, the previous
tenant had to take job in Saudi Arabia just as neededa place.
I was able to sub-lt for next to nothing."


"Yes. Quite a coincidence. And was it coincidence that
caused your place of business to burn to the ground, out in
California"

"That was an electrical fire."

"Oh. Yes. And was it coincidence thar caused your —
chem — companion to part ways with you?"

"That —she and hada misunderstanding. How does my
‘computer file know all this about me?"

‘Wosmiled, andshookherhead little. "Raphael. Doesn't
itstrike you as strange that every tep youve taken for the past
‘year hasbeen surrounded with circumstance, coincidence and
"lucky" breaks? Haven't you felt the sense that you were
somchow treading pathway, one that was taking youtoa very
definite destination?"

Raphael shook his head slowly, bue Wo could see him
thinking, Finally! He looked at her again, for the frst time
seeing something beyond his first impression of her.

‘Wo continued chopping, smiling as he sat down on the
barstool next tothe kitchen, smilingas she saw hisface change
slowly. "Raphael. What is magick?"

"Um, the art of changing consciousness with will. That's
simple."

on't quote Crowley to me. Tell me what it means to

"Magick is knowledge. Magick is power. Magick is the
ability to shape realty

‘Wo slammed the knife down. "Exactly." She said, smil-
ing. Pethaps there was hope for this one! Wo held up her
hands. "Reality. It'sall around us. We cut our fingers, we bleed.
‘We drop a stone, it falls. We don't go sprouting wings. There
fare no such things as vampires, or werewolves, or faeries.
Ghosts aren't real. And yet — yet we have someone like
yourself Surely you believe thar magick exis?"

"Yes... with all my heart."

"And yer, with all your vaunted belief, your long years of
training, your Zen koans, your meditations, your spiritual
quests, you are still largely unable to affect the nature of
reality."

‘Wo walked around to Raphael and whispered softly.
'Whatifl were to tel you thar magick wasall around you? That
indeed, you use magick on a regular bass?"

Raphael's eyes narrowed in disbelief.

‘Wo opened a cabinet and took out a huge, leather-bound
tome. She slammed it down on the bar. She flung open the
book, which fell immediately to a diagram of a model of the
earth orbiting around the sun. "Copernicus. Kepler. Faraday
They are all here. Authors of our reality, today." She gestured
tothe lithographs ofthe three greatmen. Lookingup, herspirit
sign scanned the ceiling, the walls, hoping thar her hunters
‘would not hear their patrons called aloud so.

Raphael looked puzzled. "But those — those scientists
discovered reality, investigated the truth."

‘Wo dipped her hands in the sunlight streaming through
the glass in the French doors. "They shaped the truth for what

they wished, as lights shaped by my hand here. They east long
shadows onto ourfurure. We liveit, their ewisted mechanistic
dream. The war for our reality is over, my child;" Wo said,
looking up at Raphael, a glint in her eye, tear at the comer.
"Theyhave won." She turned away from him, walkingintothe
study. He felt compelled to follow her.

Inside the dark, musky, wood-grained study were two
tapestries, their pattems nebulous in the dim light. At the far
end, a large oriental dragon sculpture stood poised, an onyx
lobe in its left paw.

"Once," Wo said, her voice cracking, "dragons ruled the
‘mountains and the skies. My ancestors summoned and inter-
acted with the kami, the great spirits of nature. Our people
leamedof powerfrom the source. We angto theCelestialsand
they gave us knowledge in return. Once, the world was pute.
Once, the Great Ones, whom we call the Pure Ones, made
‘magick with the stuf oftheir breath, the Quintessence oftheir
reality. But they fell to mating with us, our beautiful race, and
‘we grew ro be as gods with them."

‘Ashe spoke, the dragon seemed to listen alittle more in
thelight, and the onyxsphere glittered. She turnedtoRaphael
"Once we were the grand wisards of legend. Once our power
reigned supreme." Wo caressed the dragon's head, feeling the
warmth of the protective wards that coiled around it. At least
the Enemy would nevertake this relic: it would disintegrate in
the face of their reality.

‘She tumed and looked at him. She stared deep into his
eyes. "Once we were the bringers of fre the illuminators, the
cones who planted the first seeds and the ones who baked the
first bread. We were the teachers, the shapers, the wise ones."

‘She rumedand, with acareless gesture that Raphael could
conily take forstage magic, caused one ofthecandleson the table
tw blaze into light. She took the black candle and held it out
to the tapestry on the left wall, looking at him all the while
"And yet... yet there were those who were not satisfied with
that. They wanted more. They wanted to introduce their own
ideas, and in their hubris they called a great doom upon this
world. They seized the very fabric of reality and rent the old
Tapestry asunder. They then wove a new reality, investing it
with reason. Suddenly all acrossthe world, humanity began to
doube that which, up until then, it had trusted completely."
She paused. "It didn't happen overnight. It wasn't planned,
no.

Her hands played over some embroidered panels, and
Raphael saw the emaciated figure of Death clutching the
reaper' sickle and the bodies that were piled in gruesome
hhaystacks.

‘Then came the Plague. The great Black Plague, that not
even the greatest of mages could fight. We lost our power and
wwe lostourhope. We were unableto reply in force,and thus we
lost ourholdon this world. Allover the world the veil of magic
was tom, and it wasas fa thousand plas shards had fallen onto
agreat gong, The powers of magick that we enjoyed failed, and
wwe were forced to submit to the whim of "The Dead Ones" —
those we know today as the Technomancers.


and smiled at hitn. "So you see,
Raphael, whenever you tum on alight, or start your car, or use
your computer, you are furthering the cause of those wh
would make reality theirs."

"That's preposterous. If that's true, then what you're
saying is that I should quit my job and go live in the woods. I
refuse."

"You misunderstand me, boy. I am not saying that the
work of the Technomancersis bad. Asa whole, its ultimately
detrimental to the well-being of humanity, but some of their
stable gainsare very useful. This computer, for example. As my
friend Dante says, 'If it isn't broken, don't fix it."

"Ain

"Excuse me?"

"if ain't broke, don't fix i."

Wo looked at her student. "I see."

Wo gestured to another tapestry, this one depicting a
wheel divided intonine sectors. "Justaslight divides into many
colors, sodoes Power." She gestured at the sunburst thatstarted
the wheel. "From pure energy it flows, emenging from the
‘Sphere of Prime." Her hand rested on the eclipsed moon of the
‘next panel. "To Spirit, where our wills forge it into existence."
An hourglass was drawn in the next sector. "To Time, the
delineation of our consciousness."

Continuingdown the wheel, Woexplained, "Powerflows
through the Mind and opens up consciousness." She then
gestured to the square symbol farther down the wheel. "Matter

is the Sphere of the fundamental structure of reality." She
pointed toa male and female symbol united. "Life provides our

fundamental living structure."

'Yet we are at the mercy of Forces, always. Gravity pulls
‘upon us, and electricity flows through our homes," she said,
acing. lightning bolt symbol. "Where they al interrelate is
Sphere of Correspondence, which orders things in their
proper place." She gestured to the sil for Correspondence, a
point with arrows approaching from all directions,

She paused for a moment. "Correspondence. itis very

in you.
Raphael replied, "I always like to know where I'm going."
Finally, there is Entropy, which is the end of the circle,
That which leads back to Prime." The dark sector for Entropy
showed Raphael nothing.
Raphael's eyes kept returning to alit glasscase in the wall
He stepped over to it

‘What are these?" he said, pointing to the green silk cord
and dazzlingly bright and sharp wakizashi.

"My foci. I used to need those to make magick work."

"And you don't now?" Raphael said looking down at his
sword.

Wo reached out and pinched him. "This, this flesh that
you wear, do you think it will last?"

Raphael looked quizically at the woman and pulled
away." What? Of course not. We all die. Ir'spart of the cycle."


"Exactly. Now, give me your sword." Giving her a wary
look, Raphael held up the sword and passed ito her. "Careful
Ichas been meticulously enchanted for seven years."

‘Wo smiled at him. "Meticulously? Enchanted for seven.
years? She inspected the sword, which was ecribed with many
symbols and runes. Grasping it firmly, she brought it up in a
taditional fighting stance. Raphael's eyes widened and he
smiled, This woman held his blade with great grace and
obvious power. She tumed and with one single, lightning fast
move, dashed the sword against the scone floor. Raphael cried
‘out as the sword shattered.

‘Wo smiled at him. "Start over," she said, and moved past
him back into the kitchen.

Raphael charged her, enraged and cursing.

She stopped, tumed, and pointed her finger at him.
""Watch how you address me, boy." She showed him eyes from
which a tiger would flinch.

‘But — but why? What did you hope to gain by doing
that?"

‘Wo smiled. "I hoped to gain nothing."

She tumed and walked back into the kitchen, moving
much more quickly than her aged body suggested possible
Raphael followed, panting. Wo turned to him as she walked,
looking up at him. "I hoped to relieve you of the burden of
it around. It was dead in your hands — a crutch, not

"Bur... how can you.
Raphael demanded.

"L broke the sword: how you decide ro deal with its loss is
‘upto you. Lonly know that i will rake another seven years for
you fo embark on such a foolish proposition

"But... my power... my essence... it's lost." Raphael com-
plained.

‘Wo stopped. "Youstll haven't been listeningtome, have
you boy? You an no longer rely on the old way of doing
things."

"You seem fond of speaking in metaphors and talking
about the past in vague terms. You've yet to tell me one single
thing that I do not already know. You've yet to teach me
anything. You've yet to show meany display of rue power. 'm
having a hard time believing anything you say."

‘Wo stopped. "You require some kind of display of power?
That knew your innermost secrets, that | was able toarrange
tohave you move from Califomia to New York in two weeks'
time, that you sill haven't found your way out of my house...
none ofthese things are enough? You require still more of me?
‘Am your trained monkey then, to do magick for you at your
To be your tutor only when you feel like opening your

you made my decision for me!"

Raphael smiled. "If you were tmuly powerful, then this
wouldn't be such a hard request." His smile was unabashedly
smug,

‘Wo smiled slowly. She knew the boy was baiting her, bur
she had hadenough. A quickastral scan reisteredno enemies.

Wo walked slowly and quietly tothe fireplace. She grasped the
pale bamboo fan that rested, handle down, on the mantel-
piece. "Power, is it? You wish to see a display of power?"

Raphael grinned. "Yes. I do."

"Very well, then."

Wo gestured with her arm, and her eyes lie with fire. A
<dragontire halo bumed from the back of her head, igniting a
nimbus of amber power around her. Jade wings extended,
brushing the ceiling. Onyx claws glistened. Coiled in the
living room, in the spot where the light from the glass doors
streamed, was an ancient, winged oriental dragon, glistening
with power. Is fiery tongue lashed out and touched the pieces
of the sword on the floor. The shards blazed white-hot —even
after the tongue had retreated they glowed with the heat.

Raphael felll back, shielding his eyes from the bright light
and great heat. He scrambled back toward the wal. At first he
screamed his battle yell and tried to resist, but he was finally
reduced to mindless pleas for help and prayer. As the dragon.
roared and bent its head in Raphael's direction, he screamed
and curled into a fetal ball, cold sweat staining his shirt.

Then, sucklenly, all was as before. Only the red-hotshards
of steel remained. Wo shaped the warping enengies in her
hhands and held up the result — a grey snake with sightless
white eyes. "Raphael? Get up. That will be the least of the
sights you will see if you follow my path. Stand."

‘SlowlyRaphael got tohis eet. He walked across the room,
his eyes on Wo. "You — you spared my life?"

"Ldid. I did not wish to kill you."

"Great sensei, I thought I had offended you."

*Youdlid not offend. often takes just such a thing to pull
an apprentice through the curtain of the Tapestry."

"Oh, powerful sensei... beg your forgiveness!"

"You do not have my forgiveness. You are ignorant.
Forrunately, this can be remedied. You have my attention.
‘That is far more valuable. However, don't think that I do not
see the ust for power in your eyes. Well, take this, and.see the
‘cost of power." She held the grey snake out to Raphael.

Raphael, hesitant, coiled the snake into his hands. It
moved slowly in his hand, and its eyes were like an untuned
television "What sthis?" Raphael said, knowing instantly that
it was a creature of magick.

"A spirit. A mindless servant of reality. You see, Raphael,
‘one cannot perform such tricks of power without paying the
cost... andone ofthase costshastodowith reality itself: When
I showed you my shape of old, Ihearkened back to the Mythic
‘Age, when the power of old flowed more freely. I used the
knowledge of that time. | also used the power of Mind, 0 that
I would not have to manifest completely in order for you to
understand the full extent of my power. Sell ic was quite
draining, even herein my sanctum." Wo took the snake back,
hholding it in her hand as she watched it begin to writhe more
quickly." Come." She walked into a darkened room down the
hallway, and slid the leather cover off a great glass aquarium.
filled with tiny grey snakes. They twitled and twisted, feeding


on each other and reforming. She opened a small hole in the
lid and slid the snake in. It immediately dropped and began
twining around ies brothers.

"Those of us who work magick cll this force Paradox, but
it exists to resolve the unknown, not to reveal it. It exists to
smooth out reality. It exists to prevent our power from mani-
festing excepc through its ules. Paradox demands an eyeforan
eye, a tooth fora tooth. In order to weave magick like I did, I
must attract the attention of Paradox, sit tries to prevent me
from shattering local reality. We take Paradox into ourselves,
into our very souls. [¢rests there... just like a cobra waiting to
strike. Unless we deal with it, it can be our instant undoing."

Woran her hand along the glass. "One day I will have to
handle each of these snakes, each in itsown way. But while the
container holds, I may hold them off for atime."

"Bad checks"

"Excuse me?"

"You're writing spiricual bad checks. Buying off the cos
mic bill collector until your credit is overextended and they
take you to court."

Wosmiled."Inamanner ofspeaking, yes. But have plans
for these little grey sisters and brothers. Believe me. | have
phar

"Power is wonderful, is it not?" Raphael said, smiling.

‘Wonarrowed her eyes and looked hard at Raphael. "You
still don't understand me, do you." She pinched herown flesh.
"Lam not a goddess. Lam a mortal. A human. You are human
aswell. Yet thereare... things out there. Our powers not here
to serve us. We serve it"

Raphael stiffened, smiling. "Oh, yes, I understand the
responsibilities of power. I hope one day to take all the
authority and responsibilities that power brings me."

"You donot understand the duties ofthis Power. Because
we are who we are, we must protect our human friends from
harm. There are terrors out there, horrific creatures that would
love to convert the earth into their home. There are things
that would see all reality dissolved. And there are those who
would sce it changed intoa perfectly orderly, perfectly oppres-
sive world of steel corridors. I, for one, seck balance. Iti the
‘only way to achieve our dream."

"What dream, sensei?"

"The dream of Ascension. We seek to lead humanity to
the higher place. We are all the children of the Pure Ones,
Raphael. Our myths, our legends, are real and have form
because we believe in them. Magick is our birthright, and
magick can be our downfall or our salvation. I intend to see
humanity pulled out of the mire and set on the path to
Ascension. [believe there itil hope, of | would have left this
realm long ago.

"There are other worlds?"

"There are worlds within worlds, of course. And we will
visit some of them. The shadowy spirit world that surrounds
this world, which we call the Umbra, isa way to reach many
distant realms. We can walk through the Umbra to visit my

ancient Chantry house, where my cabal will greet you... even
now if you wish...

Before Wo could finish speaking, one ofthe snakes inthe
‘aquarium caught her attention. Ithad been growingall along,
finally consuming each and every one ofits brethren. Wings
sprouted on its back, and it grew. The lid of the aquarium first
cracked, then shartered. Wo tried to bring her power to bear,
but she felt the Paradox sucking her power like a great leech,

The winged serpent spoke, its scratchy, electronic voice
reverberating through the room. "Long have we hunted you,
‘Wo. Now we have found you. The Will of reality will be
appeased" The serpent tumed to Raphael. "Thank you,
mortal. You have served our purposes well! Your disbelief let
us discover her hiding place!"

"No! I must continue my work!"

"Your time has come, and Paradox will claim your soul"

Wo whirled and looked at Raphael. "You will come for
sme," she said. The oilsof the great snake wrapped around Wo,
lifting her up in the air. Wo held out her hand and opened it
A drop of light fll, coalescing into a decahedral shape as it
splashed to the ground.

With a soundless implosion, reality smoothed. Wo and
the snake both vanished.

{center these marks}* * *

"Sensei" Raphael called out. His heartsank ashe realized
her defeat was because of him. A life
he repeated, looking around.

The computer on the desk blurred, and a bright white
light shone through the monitor for a second. Then the face
‘of aman wearing a headset of some kind, with a lens over one
eye, materialized on the sereen. "Hi there," the dark-skinned
rman spoke, his voice crackling through the computer'sspeaker.
"Where's Wor"

Raphael looked at the man in dishelief."Who are you?"

"Dante. Youknow; like the Inferno. Where's the Dragon,
Lady?"

"She's gone. Paradox took her."

"What?" Dante looked worried, and his eyes begs
slow. He refocused on Raphael. "She's nowhere around here.
Raphael. You've to get some thingsand get the hell out ofhere.
Big Brother'sgonna come after younext,assoonasthey realize
you're her ‘prentice."

"What things? Who's Big Brother?"

"Hold on, hold on. One question at a time. Let's see
stuff. I don't know. I tell you what: pull a V and run a search
routine. Ah, [ mean —use your Correspondence and find the
‘most important things that Wo has lying around."

"What? Wo said I was strong in Correspondence, but
can't do magick!"

Dante shook his head. "I can't stay online too much
longer. I've got to secure the block and set up interference for
cour Techno friends. They're big bad paranoid watchers. Call
themselves the New World Order, if you can helieve that


Hmmm. Wo shoulda woke you up. See if you can't look
around. Did Wo leave you with anything?"

Raphael looked at the glowing decahedron. "You could
say that."

"Great. Check it out. I'll be back."

‘The computer screen lit up again, and then it fell dead,
dark.

The decahedron glowed as Raphael walked over toit. He
closed his eyes and reached out to touch it. Ashe touched ithe
{elthisentie body transcend. Hisspirit felt sift were on fire,
and in his mind's eye he saw the serpentine body of a dragon
rising up around him, curling and coiling. Yer this dragon was
different: instead of the jade green wings ofthe one which had
attacked him before, this one had no wings and its scales were
basalt, black. Silvereyes gleamed from itshead, anditheld him
in its coils.

Raphael fele power pouring through him, raw Quintes-
sence that seemed to fill him. He suddenly saw the world as it
was: he saw the potential of reality throughout the room.
Holding thedecahedron, he feltasifhe was waking aftera long
sleep, as if he could finally see that which had forever eluded
him. Some force inside the decahedron had finally connected
him with the answers to all his questions.

He reached out with his mind, forming in ithis need for
direction. Building up his power, he released it. The desire in
hismind took shape in the three-dimensional world. What he
sought was higher.

He found stairs up just where he knew they would be
hhe sw them in the picture in his mind, as ifhe was standing
‘on them already. Walking up the stairs, he discovered an attic
filed with artifacts froma lifetime of exploration, a comucopia
of antiques, curios and relics.

"Hanging in the darkness was a sword. He knew immedi-
ately that it wasa sword of great power, made by one who knew
the ancient art of Japanese swordsmithing. The ripple-pat-
tems were undeniable, and the intricate carving of the hilt was
something straight out of ancient myth and legend: a black
dragon coiled around the hilt and its silvery eyes echoed the
lighe that he had seen upon his own Awakening

‘The sword was slightly curved, a katana. He took a deep
breath and reached out his hand to it, nowing it was for him,
knowing it was needed, knowing it was vital. Ir seemed alive
in his hands, not dead like his old sword had.

"The lines that cut, the cut that breaks, the boundary that
forms, all these are the Do of Correspondence. All things are
here, now. Find your way. Travel through space. Cut through,
reality." Wo's voice, within the gem, spoke.

Raphael said, "Sensei? How do you speak to me?"

‘Wo's voice came back: "The gem. It contains a portion of
my Avatar.

"Will [know how to use this power of Correspondence?"
Raphael asked.

"You already have," Wo's voice came. "But there isn't
‘much time. The power in this crystal wanes. Hurry!"

Raphael looked further and saw an amulet with the
hourglass of Time on it. "This Talisman will also aid you. Take
ic

‘Then there was an ancient silk sash with mystic charac-
ters embroidered on it. Wo's voice came through the gem.
again, warm and purring. "Forces. Raw, violent forces are our
tools and our great aid. Take the sash, which is a warriors gift
of old"

‘Carrying the sash, the amulet and the sword, Raphael
returned downstairs. The Power of this crystal isall but gone.
‘Youmustflee, Raphael! Be wary. Be careful! Go to the airport,
and get on a plane to San Francisco as soon as possible. Once
youare in the air, my cabal can protect you. Farewell, my new
son... I will try to give you what wisdom I can with the power
that is left." With that, the decahedron faded into darkness.
Raphael immediately felt knowledge pouring into him, he
closed his eyes and realized the full extent of the nature of
reality around him: how to see it and understand what it could
be.

Raphael found the door out this time, and paused there to
tie the sash around his waist and hang the amulet around bis,
neck. The sword rested in the trenchcoat sheath that his old
blade had ridden in. He walked along the street, feeling that
same sense of being watched wash over him again

He looked up and down the street. Nothing, A truck was
turning around the comer, a big black van, but that soon,
vanished from sight. He walked quietly through the streets,
looking to either side of him. He passed an alleyway and saw
slowing yellow eyes watching him in the darkness. He stopped
for a moment, and then realized it was an old tomcat. The cat
brushed past him as he walked on.

Pullingup the collar on his trenchcoat, he proceeded. He
passed department store with a huge display of televisionson,
the side. Out of the comer of his eye, he saw one of the
televisions flash over into static as he passed it. Then the next
‘one. Then the next one, one-two-three as he walked past.
Finally he got to the end of the line and a fourth television
flashed into static as he walked near it. The darkened store-
front provided an eerie backdrop. Then, suddenly, all was asi
was before. It was the Manhattan News broadcast.

"and, inothernews, Wyck Industries chairman Thomas
Wills, an influential market trader in the Big Apple, waskilled
today during a drive-by shooting in the Bronx. Mr. Willis is
survived by.

Raphael's eyes were distracted by the newscaster's..ashe
walked past, the man seemed to be followinghim with hiseyes.
When their gazes locked, the newscaster's eyes seemed to
squint, as ifthe sudden glare of the screen affected him too.

Fearsteeled Raphael and he began to run down the street.
Ashe went, the street lights, long deactivated to save money,
began to light, one by one. They spotlighted him whereverhe
went, each sodium light coming on just as he passed under-
neath. Raphael stopped. What was this? Were they truly
watching him? So far, no one had attacked him. He had to get
tothe airport soon. He had no way of knowing how they were


tracking him, or who they were. Assuming "they" were the
‘Technomancersthat Wohad mentioned, he would bein their
domain, their reality here in the city

He snapped his fingers. If only he could find a cab! A.
Yellow cab barrelled around the comer, stopping. "Where ya
wanna go, Mac?" the cabbie said.

Raphael opened the door and jumped in. "La Guardia.
Immediately."

As the cab accelerated through the streets, Raphael
looked into the mirror. Hisheart froze ashe saw the doors lock
of their own accord. The cabbie looked surprised as the car
picked upspeed and began to weave through trafficon its own.
Then a blue smoke issued from the air conditioner and the
man's eye lids began to flicker

Iedidn't take much for Raphael todecide to leave. Rolling
down the window, he threw his bag on the roof ofthe cab still
holding on to it as he pulled himself our. He felt the window
trying to roll itself back up, cutting into his legs. Throwing
himselfbackward, he lung himself out of the speeding car onto
the street.

Raphael felt Forces ripple through his body as he lofted
into the ar, ignoring gravity forthe second necessary to allow
a seemingly impossible leap.

The cab carcened down the street and did a bootlegger
revere, the driver unconscious at the wheel. Raphael calmed
himself. This was no different from facing down an opponent
with more strength, or more skill than you. Your best bet isto
out-think them, he forced himself to believe. He waited,
‘watching the car coming closer. The car's headlights stabbed
‘him, sending beams of bright light to dazale his eyes. Still he
waited. In the seconds that followed, Raphael felt the car
moving closer, felt his body lifting in another jump he did
without thinking. He tumbled end-over-end in the air, higher
and higher.

The cab lost control, careened a few more feet, and
slammed full-force into a telephone booth. Electricity from
the booth arced out into the street and grounded right next to
Raphael... there was some kind of Power at work here. The
cabbie had miraculously survived the crash and was climbing
out of the wreck.

Raphael ran down the alleyway, hoping against hope that
he would find a way out. His senses told him that there were
three ways to go, but thatthe safest way was up. He mounted
a ladder and began to climb, sheathing his sword and making
his way up. The cabbie now followed him, his eyes glowing a
dull green. As he walked, the cabbie touched a wino that was
passed ouron the street. The wino gotup, hiseyes now glowing
green too.

Raphael moved across the rooftop of the building and
jumped again, clearing an alleyway by a foot. He looked up at
a giant electronic sign which continually re-broadcast its

"TIME: 1023 PM., TEMP: 82 DEGREES. RAPHAEL
YOU SHOULD JUST GIVE UP. JOIN US. WE WILL
RULE THE WORLD FOREVER. WE ALREADY CON-
TROL YOUR MIND, YOUR IDEAS. IT IS FUTILE TO
RESIST. TRY AN LR.A. AND SAVE."

Raphael was so angry that he lashed out in his rage.
Sucidenly the lightbulbs in che sign began to explode one by
‘one. "Yeah, well, when I get old enough to retire, I'l eall you
pam)

The distraction cost him, however. Turing around, he
saw a security guard, a homeless person, a mugger, the cabbie,
and a wino walking their way across the rooftops, apparently
having climbed up the fre escape in pursuit. All oftheir eyes
slowed. The security guard took a shot at him: Raphael threw
himself prone, and rolled the rest of the way to the side.

Screaming his rage, the mugger jumped at him. Drawing
his blade from his trenchcoat in one smooth motion, Raphael
backed away from the man. The mugger dove for him with a
switchblade, tryingtocuthim once, twice, three times. Raphael
felt the others move closer, and knew that he would have to
‘make a decision: kill this man and survive or hesitate and be
lost.

With one smooth motion, Raphael cut. It didn't take
much of skill to separate the man's head from the rest of his
body, Blood fountained all around him, some splatteringon his
‘coat. Raphael fele bile rise up in his throat —never in is long.
‘training in martial arts had he ever killed a man.

Still, the others were coming, The guard took another
shot, this one miraculously ricocheting off his amulet. Grab-
bing the ladder with both hands, Raphael stid down the rails,
ofthe ladder. Heran tothe street and tried the door onthe fist
car he saw. By some strange coincidence, the car door was,
unlocked. He didn'thave the key, buthe knew how tohotwire
it. He started the car, and began to drive off. The radio was on
and blared, "Now for another four hours of continuous music
to die by," said the announcer. Raphael tured it off.

A black van pulled up behind him, its lights shining
through the back window. The front windshield of the van was
completely blackened. The car Raphael had stolen was too
slow toshake it. Up ahead, he saw the light begin tochange and.
wall of opposing traffic start to move.

"NO!" He yelled, as the van rammed his rear bumper. He
grabbed inside the rucksack, and the amulet fell into his hand.
Maybe this so-called Talisman could help. The trafic did
suxklenly seem to move more slowly for an instant, an instant
Jong enough for him to slip through the intersection.

"Damn," Raphael said ashe saw the black van stillbehind
him, havingtrailedhim through the busy intersection. Raphael
began to sweat. Looking back, he knew that only by taking
control of the situation would he be able to reach the airport.
Closing his eyes and holding the wheel loosely, Raphael


meditated. The car he was driving kept going straight, turing
when necessary. Summoning his will, Raphael cast his Quin-
tessence out in.a power blast of Forces to the ear. A glittering,
shimmering, twisting, curlingbolt of pure electricity grounded.
itself into the hood of the van. There was a brief period of
smoking from the engine before the entire van blew. Other
cars on the road swerved.

Atthesame instant, Raphael feltacold chill whip intohis
body. Hefelthiscenterof being strainat the seamsofhismortal
flesh, as if his soul sought release. Raphael knew this must be
Paraclox— the price he paid for magick. The chill spread this
‘entire body and while it didn't disappear, i did subside

Fragments from the van continued to come down, litter-
ing the road behind him as he tumed into the La Guardia exit.

The airport wasa gloomy and cavernous place, filled with
places where the Technomancers could find him, buthe made
his way to the ticket counter and purchased a ticket. Leaving
for the gates, he noticed the pay-television curing on as he
went by, static blurring and re-forming into the news broad
cast. "And, in a related story, you better not try to leave
Raphael. Because we'll track you wherever you go. You're
foolish if you think you can live without us. You have been.
wamed. And now for weather with Beth Jordan..."

Raphael ran for the gate asthe intercom blared: "Flight
102, departing for San Francisco, is now boarding." Raphael
checked his watch. Ic lashed for a second, and a small digital
face appeared on it

"Dante?" Raphael whispered. The face blurred and words
began to spel out on the watchface. "GOOD LUCK, RAPH.
WILL KEEP AN EYE ON YOU. BE CAREFUL. THESE
GUYS PLAY FOR KEEPS"

"Paging Mr. Raphael Rodriquez. Raphael Rodriques, pick
up the white courtesy phone." The voice came from the page
system. Raphael knew better.

BEEP! The metal detector went off. "Will you please
‘empty your pockets, si?" The security guard said. Peering into.
theman's very soul, Raphael ealized the man wasjust anormal
seuard, doing his job.

"There must be something wrong with your machine..."
Raphael said

"Sure buddy. Sure thereis. Takeoff your coat, please."Did
the man notice the drops of Blood on Raphael's coat?

Raphael took off his coat, with his sword still inside, and
put iton the conveyor. He would have to risk more Paradox.
Holding the Forces Sphere firmly in his mind, Raphael hoped

he could mask the presence ofthe sword. The guard watching
themachine glanced away fora moment, somaybe themagick
wasn't even necessary. Either way, the guard didn'c detect the
sword and he stepped safely through the detector. Raphael ran
down the corridor toward his light gat.

He stepped up to the steward, handing over the ticket.
"Tm sony, sit. You're going to have to go to the information
desk and get your boarding pass."

Raphael stepped up to the woman at the desk. "Tm
supposed to get a boarding pass." he said, frustrated. The
woman took his ticket and entered afew numbers from itinto
the computer.

"Ym sorry sir, but your ticket has been cancelled. I can't
issue a boarding pass with a cancelled ticket."

"Impossible! Check again... maybe you're looking at the
wrong ticket number?" Raphael said.

"No, sir, there's no problem with the ticket number. The
tickethasheen cancelled.."Raphae'sface fell, andhe checked
his watch. Two minutes to deparcure.

The watch flashed. Words began to appear on it again.

"TRY AGAIN, AMIGO."

"Check one last time for me? Please? This is important."

‘The woman smiled. "Okay, sir. One more time."

"Muchos gracias."

The loudspeaker announced, "Thisis Flight 102. Lastcall
for boarding." Raphael' eyes darted across the room, looking
atthe electronic schedule-screen. One ofthe lines changed to
"YOU'LL NEVER GET AWAY WITH THIS" for a split
second.

"Oh! I'm sorry, sir. Apparently your number was mis-
flagged. Your ticket is valid. Here's your boarding pass! Better
hurry." Raphael ran down the boarding ramp onto the waiting
plane. As he passed onto the plane, he felt a change in the
world around him. No longer was he in the domain of those
who sought him.

Astheplane taxied down the runway, Raphael'seyes were
drawn to a laptop being worked by a nearby passenger. The
man who had been using it had fallen asleep. Dante's face
flashed on the screen for a moment. "GOOD LUCK, KID."
‘Words lashed on the screen. "'VEGOT YOU CLEAR ALL,
THE WAY TO FRISOO. YOU'LL MEET WO'S MASTER
THERE. DON'T WORRY, WE'LL GET YOU TAUGHT.
HAVE A GOOD FLIGHT."

Raphael smiled and said, under his breath, "Thanks,
Dante."

"Don't mention it."



A charity ball, rich and decadent, the last bastion of

the waltz... Amanda dances slowly to the antiquate
tune with her target. Other couples surround them
ing tycoons leading women gaudy as parrots.
Sanders has told her nothing of her target, but she can
tell that the kill will be easy. The man's every move,
every gesture conveys his lust. A vacuous smile, a
deliberate blush, and he responds, slides an arm
around her waist. Soon, she knows, he will lead her
away, and no one will see

Skillful. But this ¢ a heart of steel... her eyes are

Amanda watches the window, tracks his reflection.
She sees her own, her gloves, her gown — floating,
white, feather-light silk — gilt on Sanders' perfect
trap. It hides the stiletto. She drifts across the room to
the window, draws the curtain
She turns to face him. His jacket off, he struggles with
cummerbund and trousers, shackled in cloth. Help-
less. She slips the knife from her thigh, glides closer
attacks. The motion is so smooth and swift he never
sees the blade.

It is time. She must learn the true meaning of death.
She backs away to let the meat fall, but he still stands,
shocked. To her horror, too late, she feels the differ
ence in her hand — the wrong weight — sees the
useless, dull blade, and reaches for the speechless
man, determined to finish what she came to do.
No
Lemerge from behind the curtain, touch the strands of their
minds. He will forget; she will be calm enough for reason
Amanda stands mute and furious as the stranger
strides regally into the room. The heavy drapery
settles into place behind him like a cloak. In one lined
hand he casually shakes a matchbox, and his dar]
ancient, honest face radiates warmth and confidence.
"It is not his time. It is yours. Your Awakening is at
hand."

She is my chosen.



Chapter One

Introduction

My personal
world wall be do

lng is that this is how any further improvement of the
by individuals making Quality

pcisions and that's ail.

Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Artof Motorcycle Maintenance

Mageisagameof make-believe, of pretend, ofstoryteling,
Although Mage isa game, itis more about storytelling th:
isabout winning. Ifyou've never roleplayed before, you may be
confused by the whole premise of a storytelling game. Once
you understand the basic concepts, however, you'll find that
isn'tall that strange, and is, in fact, eerily familiar
You, along with some of your friends, are going to tell

storytelli

stories of exploration and discovery in a world of darkness.
Stories of shadowy alleyways and distant realms. Stories
g from the dark recesses of your mind, but reaching

toward the light. At the heart of these sto

humans blessed (some might say cursed) with the gift o work
magick.

These stories will capture your imagination far more
readily than any play oF movie; likewise, they are of a more
immediate nature than the children's fa
remember. This is because you are inside the story and not just
watching it. You are creating it as you go along, and the
outcome is always uncer

Mage is about the tragedy of a world gone awry. Its the
tragedy of a decayed and squalid landscape of lost hope. The
tragedy of forgotten wisdom and a growing appetite for lies.
The tragedy of a culture determined to destroy itself. It is the
bitter legacy of the Technomancers, the secret masters of the
modem world. While these mages claim perfection of purpose

they are in truth motivated by megalomania and greed. In your
battle to save not just the Earth, but magick itself, from their
crystalline chains you must confront and overcome such
human frailties not only in others, but in yourself.

Storytelling

The fatal shorcoming of this. ages that thas no heroes.
—Sho

ymimura, Sanctuary

Long ago, before movies, TV, radio and books, people
used to tell each other stories: tales of the hunt, legends ofthe
godsand the great heroes, o gossip about the neighbors. They
would tell these stories aloud, as part of an oral tradition of
storytelling —a tradition that has been lost.


tas

wath

We no longer tell stories — we listen to them. We sit
passively, waiting tobe picked up and carried to the world they
describe. We have become slaves to our TVs, permitting an
oligarchy of artists to describe our culture to ws.

However, there isanother way. Storytellingon apersonal
level is becominga part of our culture once again. Thatis what
this game is all about: not stories told to us, but stores we tell
‘others. Mage is about bringing stories home and making the
ancient myths and legendsa more substantial part ofourlives.
rytellingallows usto understand ourselves by giv
a tool with which to explain our triumphs and defeats. By
looking at our culture, our family and ourselves in new con-
texts, we can understand things we never before realized. Its
entertaining because itis so revealing, and exhilarating be-
Cause itis so true. Storytelling plays such an enormous role in
cour culture that it can't be accidental. Our obsession with.
stories has a purpose co it: of chat there is no doubt.

Roleplaying

Mage is not only a storytelling £
gameas well. Younot only tll stories, but actually act through
them by assuming the roles ofthe central characters. I' lot
like theatre, only you make up the lines.

To understand roleplaying, you have only to go back to
your childhood and those wonderful aftemoons spent playing.
Cops ‘n Robbers, Cowboys and Indians or Dress-Up. What
you were doing was roleplaying, a sort of spontaneous and
natural acting that completely occupied your imagination.
This play-acting helped you leam about life and what it meat
tobea grown-up. Itwasan essential part of childhood, but just

because you have grown up doesn't mean you have to stop.

In Mage, unlike pretend, there are afew rules to help you
roleplay. They are used mainly to avoid arguments — "Bang!
Bang! You'redead!""NoI''mnot!" —and toaddadeepersense
oftealism tothe story. Rulesdirect and guide the progress of the
story, and help define the capacities and weaknesses of the
characters. The essential rules for Mage are described in
Chapter Four.

Magecanbe played with nearlyanynumberofplayers, but
roleplaying games in general are best when the number of
players is six or fewer. Much of the mystery and flavor is lost
when players must compete for attention.

The Storyteller

Mage isstructureda little differently from the games with
‘which you might be familiar. In the first place, there is neither
beard nor cards. Second, one player needs tobe the Storyteller
— the person who creates and guides the stores.

Being the Storyteller is something like being the Banker
in Monopoly™ , except it iseven more important. The Story-
teller describes what happens to the characters as a result of
what the players say and do. She decides if the characters
succeed or ail, sufferorprosper, iveordie. Storytellingisavery


demanding task, but itis also most rewarding, for the Story-
teller isa weaver of legends.

‘The Storytellers primary duty is to make sure the other
players have a good time. The way to do that isto tell a good
tale. Unlike traditional storytellers, however, the Storyteller
doesn't simply tell the story; instead, she must create the
skeleton of a story and then let the players flesh it out by
assuming the roles of its leading characters. Storytelling in
Mage isacareful balance between narration and adjudication,
between story and game. Sometimes the Storyteller must set
thescene ordescribe what occurs (suchas when the characters,
areasleep), but mostly she must decide what occurs in reaction
to the words and actions of the characters — as realistically,
impartially and creatively as posible.

As the Storyteller, you are in charge of interpreting and
enforcing the rules, yet you are also an entertainer —you must
struggle to balance your two roles. Most of this book was.
written to help you do just that. It won't make being a
Storyteller easy, because it never will be easy, but ic will make
you better at it

The role of the Storyteller is explained in much more
in Chapter Three.

The Players

Most of the people who play this game will not be
Storytellers, but rather players who assume the roles of the
central characters in the story. Being a player does not require
asmuch responsibility as being a Storyteller, bt just as much
effort and concentration.

‘Asa player in a Mage chronicle, you will take on the
personaand role of a mage (or sorcerer, wizard, shaman, witch,
etc.), whom you invent and then roleplay over the course of a
story. The life of your characteris in your hands, for you decide
what the character says and does. You decide what risks to
accept or decline. Everything you say and do when you play
yourcharacterhasan effecton the world. This is especially true
when your character isa mage.

You must be both an actor anda player. As an actor, you
speak for your character and act out whatever you wish your
character to do or say. Whatever you say, your character says,
nless you are specifically asking a question of the Storyteller
rare describing your actions. By announcing and describing
to the other players what you are doing, you become a part of
the ongoing story

Asaplayer, you try todo things that allow your character
to succeed, so as to "win the game." This strategic element of
the games essential, for itis whatsooften reatesthe thrilland.
excitement of a dramatic moment.

(Often, afterdescribingthe actions "you" want totake, you
will need to make dice rolls to see ifyour character succeeds in
doing what you have illustrated with words. Your character'
Traits, descriptions of her strengths and weaknesses, dictate
how well your mage can do certain things. Actions are the

deta

basic elements of Mage, for they describe how characters
change the world and affect the course of the story.

(Characters are central toa story, for they alter and direct
theplot; without characters youcan'thaveastory. Asthestory
flows, the characters, not the decisions of the Storyteller,
direct and energize the progress of the plot.

To some extent, you are a Scorytller as well as a player.
You should feel free to add ideas and elements to the story,
though the Storyteller may accept orrejectthem asshescesfit.
In the end, the story, not your character, is most important
The character is tool for telling a good story.

Characters

Many different elements compose what we lke to think
of as the "self: too many, in fact, to separate or identify. In
truth, we reallydon'tknow who or what we are. We wear many
masks It is from this essential diversity of self that our desire
and ability to pretend to be someone else originates.

‘Characters are the literary versions of real people —they
are not real, bu they do capture some aspects of reality. Only
when you enter the world of the story can your characters
become complete. They are real only with you asthe animat-
ing force — the soul if you wish. Never treat your characters as
projections of yourself (even if that's all they are). Treat them
as unique individuals, as works of art, or as fragile expressions
‘of yourpoetic sensitivity. Yournust treasure the characters that,
you creat

Mage characters are easy to create. It takes only 30
minutes or $0 to choose all the Traits that describe your
character. It takes much more time and effort to turn this
collection of numbers into a living, breathing character. You
must reach deep inside yourself to find enough that isreal and
tmie to produce a complete character. The Frankenstein
monster was easily assembled from available body parts. [twas
the breath of life that proved difficult.

‘Character creation is discussed in greater de
ter Six.

Cabals

"Mage tories generally assume thatallofthe charactersare
<lose allies, and that they will operae asa tightly knit group.
‘This isnot to say that the characters will always get along, but
‘only that they tend to share the same goals and motivations.
Such groups of mages are not unusual; indeed, they are the
‘most common familia unitsin magesociety. The term "cabal"
is used to refer to any group of mages, whether such a group
remains intactbecause of tiestoa Chantry or Tradition, bonds
of friendship, or some other reason altogether.

‘The goal of almost all cabals is to found a Chantry, a
mystical dwelling where the mages can work their magick
more freely. A Chantryisaplace where magescan congregate,
build their libraries of arcane lore, and conduct magickal
research and experimentation. Most importantly, a Chantry

in Chap-


is a place where mages can conceal themselves from the
dangers of the world.

Indeed, self-preservation is a strong motivation for the
formation of a cabal. Many evils face mages in this world of
darkness. Besides the ruthless Technomancers, mages must
‘overcome insane Marauders, cunning demons, and insc

table Paradox spirits. Sometimes they must even battle their
brethren for rights to the dwindling magickal resources ofthe
world. Survival dependson the absolute unity ofthe mages in
acabal.

Winners and Losers

A finite game is played forthe purpose of winning, an infinite
game is played for the purpose of continuing play.
—James P. Care, Finite and Infinite Games

‘There is no single "winner" of Mage, for the
object is not to defeat the other players. To
"win" at all, you need to cooperate with the
other players. Because this is a storytelling
‘game, there is no way for one person to claim
victory Infact, Mage isa game in which youare
likely to lose, for the task before you is almost
impossible. For millennia, mages have failed to
achieve Ascension (the ultimate state of en-
lightenment toward which all mages strive). Furthermore,
never has there been a greater threat to Ascension than that
posed by the Technomancers. The whole idea
long as possible and eke out the most drama from the ongoing
tragedy

The only true measure of success in Mage is survival
However, if the character has some overwhelming motiva-
tion, such as a need for vengeance, accomplishing this goa is
also a measure of success. Additionally, stories have conclu-
sionsthateitherbenefitorharm the characters. Ifthe characters
eam that a celebrated scientist is actually a Technomancer
bent on enslaving the minds ofthe local leaders, and manage
to foil her plot, then they "win." If they never even discover
who was behind the plot (much less manage to stop her), then,
they lose, though they may not know it until itis too late.

In order to achieve even a partial victory, the characters
must usually become friends. They must look out for one
another and haveamodicum of trust ineach other. The World
of Darknessissodangerousthat trustworthy allies are esential

Playing Aids

For the most part, Mage was designed to be played around
atable. Though the game does not require a board, there are
a number of props that require a table to use properly. You will.
need dice, pencils and paper, and photocopies of the character
sheet. The dice required are 10-sided; these you can purchase
inany game store. The Storyteller may also want tohave paper
on hand in order to sketch out a setting (to make it easier to
describe to the players), as well asa few other props toshow the
players what the characters are seeing (photographs, matches,
scarves — anything to make the experience more vivid).

apse]

FF

Live-Action

Live-Action roleplaying can be the most dyné ‘and fun.
part of playing Mage. Live-Action roleplaying is similar to
improvisational theater, wherein the actors (the players) act
through the scenes created and introduced by the Storyteller.
This makes a much more intense and immediate storytelling

Players in a ri ing game generally de:
their characters do and even say, but during
roleplaying, they do what their characters do and say what
their characters say (within limits). They can stand up, walk
around, hold up a letter, shake hands, or rush to a window to
see what is going on. Of course, imagination still needs to be
employed, and the Storyteller may still interrupt the action to.
describe objects and special situations.

Nodice are used during Live-Action (espe:
Wolf's Mind's Eye Theatre line of Live-Action products).
Instead, everything is decided through acting. The Storyteller
simply uses the characters' Traits to decide how well the
characters manage to perform certain mechanical actions:
(such as picking a lock). The Storyteller must also decide how
the other Storyteller-run characters react to the players' chat:
octes.

Rules

You must follow a few basic rules to ensure that Liv
Action roleplaying progresses smoothly and safely. These
‘must be obeyedif youintendtorunanyLive-Action roleplaying
at all. Safety is always a primary concem.

* Don't Touch: A player should never actually strike or
grapple another member of the troupe. No sort of com!
should ever be performed — that is one thing youshould lea
for the dice to decide. Live-Action playing involves only
talking, not fighting. If players or Storyteller assistants are
getting too rambunctious in their roles, the Storyteller should
call a time-out from the acting and remind everyone of the
rules of play. Repeat offenders should be asked to leave, or the
action should be retumed to a table and conflicts resolved
through dice rolls.

# No Weapons: No props can be used ifthey must ouch
another player to be effective. No real weapons of any sort can


ever be handled at any time during Live-Action roleplaying.
Only those toy guns that can be easily identified as toyscan be
used; even then, the no-touch rules must stil apply.

«Play Inside: Play inside yourown home, or in whatever
private area the game normally takes place. Make sure that
everyone else in the area understands what you are doing.
Never perform Live-Action if pasersby may be confused or
frightened by the event.

‘* Know When to Stop: When the Storyteller calls fora
time-out all action must immediately stop. Even during Live-
Action (especially duringLive-Action), the Storytelle's word
is final

Combat and Magick

While combat and other physically active tasks should
never be acted out in a Live-Action session, they can be
imitated without breaking the flow of the ongoing acting.
Methods for imiratingandresolving such actionsare presented
in The Masquerade, our frst Mind's Eye Theatre product.

Players portraying mage characters can signal the use of
magick in a Live-Action scene by making offhand remarks
followed by a hand signal or snap of the fingers. Examples: "I
wonder what you think of his plan?" (Mind-Reading); "Sure
seems dark inhere. Did someone tum off the lights" (Creating
Darkness); "I hope that waiter doesn'ttripashe delivers John's
drink." (Mind Control or Life magick); etc. A player urgeted
by the magick can usually be trusted to judge whether his
character is indeed affected, but sometimes the Storyteller
must very briefly narrate the effects of the magick.

The Meaning of
Mage

And from this chasm, with sethless nermail seething
As if this earth in fast chick pants were breathing,
A mighty fountain momenty was force:
anid whose suit half-ntermitted burst
Huge fragments vauted ike rebounding hail,
(Or chaffy grain beneath the thresher's fai
And ‘mid these dancing rocks at once and ever
Te fang up momently the sacred river.
— Samuel Taylor Coleridge, "Kubla Khan

Mage characters are not the purveyors ofparlor tricks and
fireballs depicted by most traditional sources. Of course, inthe
course of day-to-day life, mages will most certainly evoke such,
magickal manifestations — and would hardly be enjoyable
roleplaying subjects if they did not. Even so, mages of the
Storyteller System, and their magickal powers, represent much
greater philosophical truths. Such truths may never arise in a
direct way within the game, but they permeate the setting


Belief and Paradigms

Paradigms and worldviews are changing overnight. Yesterday's
certainties are wdlay's superstitions

‘Sam Keen, Fire in the Belly

‘Theunderlyingpremise of magick is that they
or Avatar, letsaperson usehisorher force of willtoalterreality
Because everyone has some fragment of Avatar, everyone,
even Sleepers (mortals who remain ignorant of magick), may
shape reality to some degree. While mages affect reality
through conscious and focused effort, mundane humans affect
itonly through unconscious belief. An individuals belie, the
setof "truths" by which she explains existence, is knownas her
"paradigm." The unconscious consensus of belief among all
humans (the "facts" about which humanity asa whole agrees)
is the paradigm that creates reality — the world as we under-
stand i.

insoul,

Mages, however, live outside this static world-view. In
fact, their willpower allows them to impose their own para
digms upon the universe from time to time. Thus is magick
permitted in static realty.

Static Reality
Science is enath for life
Watch religion fall obsolete
Science wil be trac fr life
— 10,000 Maniacs, "Planned Obsolescence"

Each idea, substance, or other aspect of reality (dogs, the
color red, the Social Contract, fear) can be thought of as an
individual grain of sand; together, these various grains of sand
compose a vast beach. By accepting a given world-view as
absolute truth, people are scooping up a handful of sand and
thereby ignoring the rest of the beach. Grains may occasion-
ally slip chrough humanity's collecrive fingers, and over time
people may scoop up additional quantities, bt ths give-and-
take is gradual enough that humanity's overall picture of the
universe is never questioned.

Humanity's reality, its particular handful of sand, is the
mystic and mundane Gothic-Punk world described in C
ter Two—a world created largely by the Technomancers (the
harbingers of science who seek to regulate reality). The world
hastaken itspresent, twisted form because the Technomancers
havehardened the world against change. The Technomancers
ate the truest embodiments of the stereotypical cold, calcul
ing scientist. This is how they approach the world. Science is
2 valuable part of realty, but the Technomancers have p

verted science into an all-consuming juggernaut.

Insodoing, the Technomancers have stifled humanity's
‘growth and vision. People are unable to comprehend, or even


consider, the vastness of reality. Etemal questions such as,
"Where did I come from?" can in fact be answered, and some
enlightened mages have found the answers, but the
Technomancers have ensured that the mortal populace will

ever be their dupes.

The Technomancers know that existence does offer

their purposes and hampers the efforts oftheir rivals, so they
struggle to reinforce humanity's blinders. Other mages are
trying to shatter the static monolith of science, but the going

Mages as Dynamic Forces

Dynamic Quality is the pre-inellectual cutting e

the source ofall things, completly simple and always new
Robert M. Pirsig, Lila

The Technomancers seek to subjugate reality under a
stagnant, static reign of oppression. Mages are the human
legacies of the dynamic forces that oppose such a future. eis
their tsk to shape reality, to lend the inspiration for what the
Sleeperscome to believe and disbelieve about the world. They

‘must be careful to mold reality in small increments, lest they
disturb humanity'ssense of overall continuity. Toretum tothe
hove analogy, humans see only their handfuls of sand, and
‘would be overwhelmed todiscover that they stood in the midst

ofan entire beach.

Mages, as personified dynamic forces, walkafine line with
their magick, Too great a dependence upon "new sand'
undermines the crucial foundations of static reality, whereas
too much control of "old sand" hampers the efforts of other
mages, making reality too rigid to change

Indeed, uncontrolled dynamic force is as undesirable as
the dystopian vision of the Technomancers. Certain b

images known only as Marauders embody such chaos. They
seek todestroy the workofthe Technomancers—and, indeed

any semblance of order or stability. They would see the

universe scattered to the wind.

The Nephandi

Besides the polar threats of the Technomancers and the

Marauders, mages facea third group offoes— perhaps the most
‘enigmatic and deadly ofall theie enemies. These foes are the
entities known as the Nephandi. The nature of the Nephandi
omrupted by pacts with

isamystery —many seem tobe mages
foul extradimensional beings, while other Nephandi seem to
be altogether alien to our reality. One thing is clear: the
Nephandi seek neither to dominate reality as do the

Technomancers, nor to warp it beyond recognition as do the
Marauders. The Nephandi seck to destroy reality outright.
In this task the Nephandi appear to be allied with/
controlled by a malign otherworldly force. The Nephandi
speak of this force by many names, but some mages use the

word given to it by its werewolf foes. They call it the Wyrm.


The Ascension
‘You may say I'm a dreamer
‘But I'm not the only one
Thope someday you'll jon us
And the world will live as one.
—John Lennon, "Imagine"

Mages view themselves as sculptors of reality. Though a
surprising number remain ignorant of the macrocosmicimpli-
cations of their craft, the most enlightened pursue an ideal
known as Ascension. Ascension isspoken of often, but rarely
analyzed or explained. Ascension has different meanings for
different mages. In general, Ascension is viewed asthe goal of
perfectingnotonly one's own soul, butal reality. Mages view
‘Ascension as the journey toward ultimate enlightenment

Many mages believe Ascension tobe all-or-nothing, that
everyone and everything must be sculpted before reality as a
whole isableto Ascend. Oxhers think it can be attained in bits
and pieces. A few mages think that Ascension requires only an
important subset of humanity, others that i isa state reserved
for mages alone, and yet others that it does not exist at all

Some mages note with wry humor that the
Technomancers, the Marauders and even the Nephandi all
seek Ascension ofa sor, though in their own dark and twisted
ways Mages mustbe ever waryof what they
by Ascension, lest in their hubris they fall
asthe aforementioned beings.

roaccomplish
he same traps

Quintessence
What do we need to make over word come alive?
What does i take to make us sing
While we're wating forthe next one to arvve?
Sisters of Mercy, "Vision Thing"

‘One of the most important concepts in Mage s Quintes-
sence. Superficially, itis the raw fuel of magick. Mote deeply
Quintessence isthe very basis reality. Quantities of Quintes-
sence are the building blocks of reality (and potential reality)
Continuing the "beach" analogy, Quintessence is the sub-
stance from which the beach isformed—all thesand that can
ever be created.

A minuscule amount of Quintessence exists in raw mys-
tical form, such as magick mushrooms, and may be used as
"fuel" for the working of magick. This "raw" Quintessence,
known as Tas, is by far the rarest form of Quintessence. The
vvast majority of Quintessence has been commandeered to
cteate the physical world. Earth, the universe and its conven-
tions, the spirit world and other supernatural elements of the
Gothic-Punk setting — all rely on Quintessence for their
continued existence.


Paradox
‘Do not call up that which ye cannot put down.
—HP. Lovecraft, The Case of Charles Dexter Ward

‘The other defining force of magick is Paradox. The use of
blatant magick within the constraints of realty can create an
anomaly within that reality —a paradox. As an example, it
is against the mandates of reality for a solid wall simply to
dissolve. Any mage who causes this to occur may create a
paradox. Such is the power of the Technomancers' obsession
with science, When the "facts" of reality are violated, reality
res to ser things right. The agents ofthis response
n as Paradox spirits. These inscrutable, ferocious
forces of reality punish those who transgress reality' laws.
Many mages are crippled by a pathological fear of these spits.

Paradox spirits can be avoided if magick occurs out of
sight, and thus out of mind, of the Sleepers. Essentially, the
falling tree does not make a sound if no one is listening.
Even if Sleepers are present, Paradox can be avoided
through creating magickal effects that appear to be mere
coincidences. In the above example of the wal, perhaps the
‘mage "coincidentally" finds a loose stone that enables her to
peerthrough the wall "Rationalizing" magick in terms fsuch
coincidences means that the mage was crafty enough not to
force Paradox's involvement. Using magick without the ben-
efirof such coincidencescan produce some spectacular effects,
bursuch use targets the mage as source of anomaly in reality,
Eventually, Paradox will destroy the offending mage.

Lexicon

‘A mage's world contains many strange and
unusual things, and mages have adopted or
invented various words to describe the weird-
ness of their daily life. The next three sections
lise the most frequently used terms (Common
Parlance), the vocabulary of ancient mages
(Old Form), and the ever-evolving slang of the
younger generations (Vulgar Angor).

Common Parlance

Acolyte: An un-Awakened servitor of a mage.

Adept: A mage who has achieved Rank Four in a given
Sphere

Ascension: The enlightened state of being to which all
mages aspite.

Apprentice: A mage who has not yet been initiated into
a Tradition. Not typically applied to Orphans.

‘Arcane: A mystical veil erected by mages to guard their

identities.
Avatar: A soul, sid by some to be a fragment ofthe Pure
Ones who ori ly inhabited the Tellurian. An Awakened

Avatar enables a mage to perform magick.

‘Awakened, The: This term describes any supematural
creature of at least partially human origin, including mages,
‘werewolves, mummies and vampires.

Awakening, The: The moment at which one realizes and
accepts that reality can and does contradict one's previous
‘experiences

Branding: A punishment in which a mage has her Avatar
marked (using the Spirit sphere) because she has violated a
Protocol.

Cabal: A group of mages bound by loyalty and a common
purpose.

(Caern: A Node controlled by the Garou.

Celestine: The greatest of the spirits, equal in power tothe
ancient gods; they rule the Shard Realms

Censure: A common mild punishment among mages. I
is similar to being on parole

Chantry: The stronghold of a mage or cabal. On Earth,
this may be a normal building, or a magickally fortified and
enhanced structure. These mundane places are often located
oon Nodes and connected to strongholds in the Umbra.

Coincidental Magick: This is magick performed in such
a fashion that it is effectively indistinguishable from a mun-
dane event. Coincidental magick is also known as static
magick.

‘Continuum, The: All mages.

Convention: One of five groups of mages that form the
Technocracy and enforce its policies. The Conventions are
Iteration X, the Syndicate, the Progenitors, the New World
‘Order, and the Void Engineers.

Deacon: One of the founding members of a well-estab-
lished Chantry.

Deep Umbra: The aspects of the Umbra that are only
found away from the Earth. The Shard Realms are scattered
throughout the Deep Umbra.

Demon: One of the Hordes of Darkness who await
beyond the Horizon to devour the world.

Disciple: The lowest rank among the Tradition mages.
Disciples can perform magick and have joined a Tradition.

Dream Realm: A world created out of old dreams kept
alive by the Oneira, or Dream Lords.

Dynamic Reality: Reality in flux. It may be changing
quickly because of vulgar magick, slowly because of coinciden-

tal magick, or simply because it is the
(where anything can happen).

Errant: A mage whose Chantry and cabal have been
destroyed. Errants are frequently shunned by other mages, as
they are usually both hunted by and seeking revenge upon.
their enemies.

Fellow: A full member of a Chantry, but not a founding

member and therefore
Focus: An object, action or gesture required to perform
magick. Foci vary from Tradition to Tradition.
Gaia: The
Gate: A temporary magickal "bridge" between two places.
Frequently created at Nodes. See Por
Gauntlet, The: A mystical barrier between the Earth and
the Near Umbra. The Gauntlet was created by the Technoc
racy to prevent free travel between the physical and spirit
worlds.
Garou: The term 1
(Also used by mages who
Gilgul: The destruction ofa mage'sability to work magick
byremovingor destroying his Avatar. Thisis
crime or punishment possible, as it essentially takes away the

arth and its Near Umbra.

werewolves use for themselves.

at their respect.)

themosthorrible

mage's soul
Horizon, The: The ma
Umbra from the Deep Umt

ickal barnier separating the Near

Realms: Artificial Realms on the border be
‘ween the Near Umbra and Deep Umbra, Umbral Chantries
are built within them and earthly Chantries connect to them
by way of Portals and Gates.

Incarna: Gre

er spirits; the servants of the Celestines.

They roughly ©

spond to demigods

Initiation: A combined test and ce
person's transition from apprentice to mage among the Tradi

ony that marks a

tions

Kindred: The term that vampires use for the

Lord: An Umbrood spi
but more powerful than either Preceptors or Minions.

Magic: Stage tricks, illusions, etc

Magick: The act of altering

Master: A mage who has attained Rank Five in a Sphere.

Marauder: An utterly unpredictabl
to chaos. Marauders believe in personal Ascension and a
return to the age of legend.

Mentor: An older mage who Awakens the Avatar of
Sleeper. More often, any mag
magick.

Minion: One of the least powerful Umbrood spirits

Near Umbra: The part of the spirit world that exists
nd each Realm. Usually used to describe the area of the

less powerful than

nage whohasturned

who teaches another mage

Unbra that is around the Earth

age comupted by the forces of Entropy.
phandi work closely with demons.

Node: A highly mystical place. Nodes collect and store
Quintessence. The Gauntlet is thinner in their vicinity. Many
Chanties, Gates and Portals are built on these sites

Oracle: One of the legendary mages who have neared
Ascension,

Orphans: Sleepers who have Aw
without the assistance or guidance of other mages. They have

ied spontaneously

taught themselves magick and are disdained by the mages of
the Traditions. There is only one known organization of
Orphans: the Hollow Ones

Ostracism: A punishment that completely divorces a

mage from Tradition society

Paradox: An anomalousstate of reality, caused when the
reality of un-Awakened observers conflicts with the reality

mage imposes on the universe. Quite simply, if the innocent
bystanders couldn't believe it when they saw itwith their own,

eyes it generates Paradox.

Paradox Realm: A small Realm created by Paradox spirits
reality. The Realm traps the mage inside an altered world and
prevents her escape

Paradox Spiri
of humanity. Mags
magick in front of Sleepers will find themselves hunted by

spirit formed from the collectivebeliefs
who are careless o unlucky with their

these spirits,

Pattern: The mystical composition of an object, entity
place or idea

Pedagogue: A tutor of great fame, usually surrounded by
students and quite powerful

Pure Ones: The original, primordial beings of the
Tellurian. Mages believe that all souls are fragments of these
shattered entities

Pogrom, The: The systematic purge ofall opposition by
the Technocracy. The Pogrom primarily affects the mages of
the Traditions, as there are few Marauders on Earth and the
Technocracy believes the Nephandi confined to the Um

Portal: permanent Gate. Portals are usually guarded by

powerful pitts thar require a task to be performed or a pursle
solved before they will allow safe passage

Postulant: A mage who has Mastere
the Oracles, trying to gain admittance to their

Preceptor: An Umbrood spirit that is less powerful than
a Lord, but still more powerful than a Minion.

Prime: The original unified force that composed the
universe. It is still present in the Tellurian and may be
manipulated by mages.

Protocols, The: A code of honor customarily followed by
the Traditions. Violation of this code is punishable by censure,
branding, ostracism, death, or Gilg

Quiet: A stare of insanity caused by the excessive use of,
magick.


‘Quintessence: The stuff of magick; the raw substance of
the universe in condensed form. See Tass.

Realms: The worldsof solid" reality thatexist within the
Tellurian. Sometimes referred to as Domains
Rogue: A
Rote: An effect used in instruction.

Seeking: A mage's Avatar-guided quest for enlighten.

enegade mage-turned-mero

ary

Sentinel: One of the guardian mages of a large Chantry;
not typically a member hersel

Shade Realm: The Umbral "shadow" of a Shard Realm,

Shard Realm: One of nine Realms said to have been part
cof Gaia in ages past. They roughly correspond to the other
planets including Luna)and the nine Spheresof magick;each
is ruled by a Celestine.

Sleeper: A person potentially capable of magick, but who
is not yet aware ofits existence

Sphere: A particular element of reality manipulated by

Static Reality: The lawsof reality on Earth, ascreated and
enforced by the beliefs of mundane humanity. At this time

static reality is very strong because of the Technocracy's
enforcement of its precepts.

‘Symposium: A monthly meeting of the Technocracy. At
these meetings members of the Conventions gather to chart
the course of reality

Tass: Quintessence stored in physical form. It tends to
collect in Nodes, and takes various formsbasedon its surround:

nushrooms ata wooded caer, water ftom aspecific

spring, or magickal garbage mold at an urban

Talisman: An object that stores Quintessence and uses it

to create a specific magickal effect — i.e. magick carpets,

Technocracy, The: The group of mages that currently
controls earthly realty. The Technocracy's magick isbased on
the rule of science, and it destroys or subverts any opposition.
See Pogrom

Technomancer: Am.
‘Such a mage will probably practice a rigid form of magick.

Tellurian: The whole of reality

Tradition: One of the nine groups of mages that oppose
the Technocracy, esis the radical changes of the Marauders,
and fight the evil of the Nephandi, These are: the Akashic
Brotherhood, the Celestial Chorus, the Cult of Bestasy, the
Dreamspeakers, the Euthanatos, the Order of Hermes, the
‘Sons of Ether, the Verbena, and the Virtual Adeprs

‘Tribunal: A gathering of mages to discuss matters impor-
tant to the Traditions; usually held in times of strife.

Tutor: Mages who have become known as proficient
teachers. They are highly regarded by other mages.
Umbra: The astral p

yge who supports the Technocracy.

lane that exists around each Realm.


‘Umbrood: Any non-human notbomorcreatedon Earth.
This includes both the spirits that roam the Umbra and the
inhabitants of other realms.

‘Vulgar Magick: This i the fireball-and-lighming kind of
magick — magick visible as such to normal observers. Also
mown as dynamic magick.

OldForm

Certiimen: A magickal, non-lethal duel between mages,

Consors: A non-mage who works closely with a cabal.
‘The consors may or may not live in the Chantry.

Curtain, The: The reality in which most Sleepers be-
lieve; when a Sleeper is Awakened she is brought "through"

and sees that things are not truly as they seem.

Custos: A non-mage who works for or with a cabal as a
warrior or bodyguard. A moder custos may be anything from
arent-a-cop to a fellow gang member.

Grog: A familiar form of custos.

Magus: A mage.

Pawn: A unit of raw vis or Quintessence

Turb: A group of Grogs, used as one would use a "pride"
of ions or a "murder" of erows

Vis: Quintessence.

Vulgar Argot
Beelzebub: A Nephandus m

Black Hats & Mirrorshades: The Technocracy, taken
from the traditional uniform of the enforcers of the Technoc-

racy. "Looks like the land of Black Hats and Mirrorshades,
folks."

Bloodwork: Any magick that requires a tremendous
amount of effort and involves risk to life and limb. Also:

Copperfield: Slang fora mage adept at performing vulgar
magick in plain sight.

‘Corpses: Vampires; considered especially derogatory.

‘Crowley: Term used todescribe aflamboyant and preten-
tious mage

‘Crystal Wavers: "New Agers" who have no idea what
‘true magick is, but capitalize on it anyway; charlatans. Occa-
sionally used as an insult to the Dreamspeakers.

Dram: One Tass of Quintessence.

Faust: A mage who bargains excessively with spirits,
especially dangerous ones.

Freak: A dangerously insane mage; often applied to
Marauders and Nephandi.

Fry: Toattack someone with magi
sphere of Forces

Gremlins: Magesadepe at using technology tocover their
coincidental magick

Greyface: A Technomancer, taken from the Principia
Discondia. Describes any anti-dynamic mage or scientist, spe-
cifically those who most focus on conformity.

Juice: Quintessence

Merlin: An old mage, especially one who very rarely visits
Earth anymore

Mundane: A normal human; a Sleeper.

Nuke: What Paradox spirits do to those they attack.

Paraphobe: Someone who is desperately afraid of accu-
mulating Paradox. Derogatory.

Pit Bulls: Werewolves; considered derogatory.

Technobabble: A derogatory term for the propaganda
and inflexible magick used by the Conventions.

Wyld & Fried: An insane and highly Paradoxed mage.
Often applied to Marauders.

specifically with the



We gaze conti

sal ake the breath away

— Alan Moore, Watchmen

The world of Mage is not our world — at least not quite.

Mage is set in a Gothic-Punk version of our world. Here

things are just a little bit darker, a little bit more sinister. Cl
ng, and the
same banal sitcoms are broadcast into our living rooms. The
faces on Mount Rushmore are the same and the Lady still
stands proudly in New York Harbor. But here, the fathers of

arell in, vinyl is out, che ozone layer is disapp

the city embezzled the funds earmarked for the restoration
project, so the Lady never got her facelift. The government
is corrupt, the culture is bankrupt, and the decadent mortals
revel in the flames of the final days

Very few of the e
social and religious organizations within socie
from those of the real world. The overall mood of this World
of Darkness, however, is very different — very grim. The
creators of this world, the mages, have made many mistakes
throughout history. Much of the horror of this world stems
from theit errors and conflicts.

This chapter details the world in which Mage is set. It
begins with an overview of the World of Darkness. It then
discusses the social structures of modem-day mages and the
nature of magick.

ablished institutions — the poli

cat the world and it grows dull in our
perceptions. Yet seen from another' vantage po

t,asifnew, it may

The Gothic-
Punk Milieu

The Gothic-Punk milieu is film noir environ-
ment, aworld of extremes. The but

rats are
all comupt, the rich are filthy rich, and the
hhomeless clog the streets. A sense of eerie
foreboding hovers over everything, and there

BY Gothic describes the world in bleak terms —
chings are massive, brooding, gloomy, and omi-

‘nous. Buildings are huge and looming, and are often encrusted
with

argoyles and other occult or morbid statuary. The sense
ruption and conspiracy iseven greater than in our worl;

everyone always seems to have an ulterior motive. City Hall
rarely keeps complete records on all the shadowy figures who

‘own the cities piece by piece. Oud excavations, building code
Violations, and bribery are rampant.

Many cities have an iconic, almost medieval feel. Corpo-
rate and government agents are faceless, impersonal figures,
dressed severely in black suits and drab ties. The Church is
‘enormous and ritualistic, with tightly controlled dioceses and
power plays between its clergy

Punk isthe other half ofthe equation. Despite the gothic
trappings, this isa post-modem world, Crime is common and
‘overt; people are tougher and more cynical. The youth, sick
of the oppressive physical and social landscape, rebel against
society through words, dress, music and sporadic violence.
The garbage-choked, alley-riddled downtown cores sport
underground clubs, street gangs, posers in leather jackets with
nose rings and facial tattoos, and anarchic bands screaming at
100 decibels about revolution. The youth, ignored and disaf
fected, dance to the entropic chords of oblivion.

‘The mages are partially responsible for this nightmare.
‘They have far-reaching control over the destiny of human.
kind, shaping the world's cultures and molding the world's
reality. Clearly, they've made mistakes. Their vaunted goal of

‘Ascension is nowhere in sight.
The rivalries an

ng the various factions of mages, their
all-consuming greed and pervasive decadence, are the most
profound signs of their faltering. The state ofthe world itself
may well be a reflection of their inner corrup

In the end, you, asthe Storyteller, must decide what this
world is like. You must convey you
the Gothic-Punk miliew with the

Mages

‘Atno other time in history have conditions been more exciting
—or more filled with promise — for beings om a small planet hurting
through the wast darkness of space toward an unknown and
unimaginable future which they, themselves, are creating.

—OB Hardison, Jr, Disappearing dough the Skylight

Lurking between the gleaming towers of glass
and the crumbling industrial parks is a secret
society of wizards and sorcerers. Powerful be
yond human ken and part of a tradition older
than recorded history, these mages seldom con-
cem themselves with mundane prestige or
wealth. They secka greaterpower, apowerc
reality itself
Mages are, in some ways, bridges between the
mundane and supematural worlds. While they are ordinary
humans n mind and body, they have been Awakened to their
magickal powers. Though they are bom from human stock and
will someday die of old age, they possess.a special gift. This gift
grants them fund: control over the laws of reality, and
the ability to range farther afield into its wondrous depths

wn particular vision of

cscriptions, characters,


Origins

Modem-day mages can only conjecture about their oti
gins. They feel their Awakened spirits within, forces that both
give them great powers and drive them toward Ascension.
‘Still, mages can only speculate why they are chosen to bear the
gift and burden of magickal power.

Most mages believe that all reality was originally unified
into a primordial force, to which mages refer as Prime. Prime
spawned a race of beings known as the Pure Ones. These Pure
Ones presided over the nascent reality until some unknown,
force rent them asunder. Pieces of the Pure Ones' essences are
believed to have been thus incorporated into human beings.
‘These shards of the Pure Ones became something akin to
souls. The Pure One shards retained their power to guide and
shape reality, but now that power could be wielded by
humans. Thus, it is believed, the first mages were bom.

All humans possess a shard of the Pure Ones within
them. Mages call this shard an Avatar. When a human
realizes that she possesses an Avatar within her, she is said to
have been Awakened. She now realizes her ability to shape
reality, and her Avatar begins its hunt for Ascension. From
that point onward, she can begin to develop her potential for
magick. Mages use the terms "Sleepers" or "mundanes" to
refer to humans whose Avatars are un-Awakened.

The Awakening of a mage's Avatar can be a traumatic
event that occurs spontaneously; more often, however, it
‘occurs as the mage-to-be learns magickal theory under the
tutelage of an experienced mage. Mages believe that all
supernatural creatures possess Awakened Avatars. The in-
born Avatars of such creatures are Awakened through special

The Ascension War
Against the run of the mill

Static asi seems
We break the surface tension
With ovr wild, kinetic dreams

— Rush, "Grand Designs"

Driven by their Avatars, mages search for enlightenment
—the universal understandingand harmony that they all the
‘Ascension. Unfortunately, not all mages share the same view
of Ascension, Factions of mages fight a neverending battle on
the fringesof society, concealed ina shroud ofcoincidence and
happenstance. They fight ferociously to advance their view of
‘Ascension and thereby claim the soul of reality. This Ascen-
sion War consumes the energy and wisdom of all mages and

‘Awakened beings.

The Ascension War is

fought by many factions of mages,
including the Technocracy, the Marauders, the insidious
Nephandi, and the Traditions. Each seeks its own version of
Ascension and tries to convert or destroy all that stand in its
way. The Ascension War isa battle between the mythic and

the monolithic, between order and entropy, society and indi-
viduality. In the past there has been limited cooperation
between factions, but today the war is fought with no quarter
asked and none given.

The Technocracy
The principal element of the modem world is the
premacy of science. Indeed, in the modem age science

defines realty. God is dead, and magick does not exist. Long
live science.

Incruth, however, technology isa form of magick. From
Dial-a-Spell on acellular phone toa witch's familiar that lives
inside a computer hard drive, science and technology have
become forms of magick acceptable to mundane humanity.

Ie is no accident that science has achieved such domi-
nance —iristhe work of mages. Since the time of Copernicus,
a faction of mages that now calls itself the Technocracy has,
shaped human destiny on Earth. It has forged its magick of
science into a huge body of knowledge accepted by most
mortals purely on faith. Today is the age of science, and the
Technomancers are its high priests.

Technology was originally intended as a means of allow-
ing humans to overcome the caprices of nature. Since the
Victorian era, however, the Technocracy has transformed
science into something far more sinister.

The Technocracy believes that Ascension can only be
achieved through absolute control of reality. Society itself

must be perfect and unchanging, Order must reign supren
To create their perfect world, the Technomancer mages are
driving humanity into a world without imagination, without
hope, without faith. Imagination breeds change; hope im-
plies imperfection; faith embraces the undefinable. The
Technocracy systematically pares away society, destroying
that which it does not of cannot control. The Technocracy's
view of Ascension requires a dehumanized world that runs
like clockwork, where nothing is variable or unpredictable.

To accomplish this Ascension, the Technocracy has
tightened its control over Earth. Mass media indoctrinates
the population. Computers store financial transactions and
thousands of other facts and figures to record the individual
Governments and corporations under the auspices of the
Technocracy use science to mold the culture — indeed, the
very face — of Earth. The Technocracy isthe most dominant
force controlling humanity, and it brooks no intervention by
other factions of mages. To ensure their continued domi-
nance, the Technomancers and their servants brutally enact
the Pogrom, a systematic repression and purge of other mages.

Asscience marches on and technology inexorably spirals
ahead at a faster and faster pace, the methods of the
‘Technomancers become more and more brutal and horrific.
‘Where once humans armed with machines served the
Technocracy'saims lately the Technocracy'srankshave been
augmented by terrifying beings concocted in deep and sect
labs — hybrids of man and machine, bizare clone beings, and
other entities.


The Marauders

‘The insane Maraudersare the mostill-understood &

‘of mage society. They embody all hat the Technomancers are
not, taken to the level of lunacy. The Marauders embrace
nge, disorder and indivi
‘ous madmen whose sporadic visits to E
apart. Where Marauders appear, ran
destruction soon follows

The Marauders believe that Ascen an entirely
personal achievement. What is good for a given individual is
‘good for Ascension, and damn those who get in the way,
Marauders care nothing for society, though individual hu-
mans make ideal fodder for their experiments. The Marauders
poke and tug at reality to find better ways of manipulating it
without suffering the consequences other mages must en-
dure. Inthe pursuit oftheir vision of Ascension, the Marauders
will stop at nothing to gain more personal power and know!
edge. They are megalomaniacs of the highest order, for they
believe that only by having absolute command of reality can
they Ascend.

‘This pursuit of individual power devolves most Maraud-
ers into raving madness. They live within their own wild
versionsof reality, which they have created but cannotalways,
control. The Marauders have rocketed so far ab

imal rea
reigns and

of other

‘mages that they have lost touch with any sane conception of
reality

Technomancers will not allow it. The Marauders stand for
disorder and personal progression, everything the
Technomancers hate. When Marauders appear on Earth, the

Technocracy attacks them, provoking bloody battles. These
battles usually drive the Marauders from Earth's physical
eality, but leave the Technomancers licking their wounds
and trying to restore reality ripped apart in the conflict
Naturally, the camage inflicted upon unfortunate Sleepers
caught in the middle is often temble. The Marauders not-
mally dwell within Earth's spiritual counterpart, the Near
Umbra. This spirit world will be deseribed later.

The Nephandi

An evil more insidious than the Technocracy hurks in
the world of darkness. Though it often hides amid the
shadows, make no mistake; it exists. Certain mages have
made pacts with the forces of corruption, trading their souls
forthe power tocommand the minionsof Entropy. Mages from
the Technocracy, Marauders, and Traditions alike have fallen
prey to the whispered promises of darkness, and become the
halhuman beings known as the Nephandi

The term Nephandi is now used to describe the entire
faction of mages (and allied beings) who have embraced the
raw forces of corruption, despair and destruction. While
Nephandi often veil their wickedness behind postures of
kindness, they hold only one thing dear — universal decay.


‘The only view of Ascension espoused by the Nephandi isthe
utter destruction of reality. When nothing exists, when the
universe itself is destroyed, Ascension has been achieved

However, the Nephandi rarely speak of Ascension,
except to taunt other mages for following such an idealistic
and unreachable goal. Far better to accept promises of power,
true enlightenment, and comfort among the forces of the
Nephandk. Do not live in fear of evil; embrace it and it will forever
protect you. Such promises lure mages into alliances with the
barre and horrific minions of Eneropy.

The Traditions

With the forces of the Technocracy, Marauders, and
Nephandi herding reality toward their own radical views of
Ascension, it would seem thar there is litle hope for enlight-
enment. Yet there isa voice against despair. One faction of
mages still preserves ancient views of a glorious Ascension
that unites cultural enlightenment with personal fulfillment.
This faction is made up of nine Traditions of magick; each
Tradition stems from a different culture and a different part

While each Tradition holds its own beliefs about Ascen-
sion, all agree thar the views and motives of the other factions.
cof mages are wrong. This realization has formed a common
ground between the Traditions, and has given them a foun-
dation for cooperation against the Technomancers and the
other factions. The Traditions have united against common,
‘enemies, and form a significant force in the Ascension War.

Even in concert, however, the Traditions are sorely
outmatched by the powerful Technocracy, much less the
nightmarish Nephandi or incomprehensible Marauders, The
Tradition mages are forced to live on the outskirts and in the
shadows ofthe world, hiding from the Technocracy's Pogrom
and fearing to tread too far into the spirit Realms, which are
haunted by the other

Still, while they may be outnumbered by their en
the mages of the Traditions are not to be trifled with. Their
magick is the most versatile of all factions, and individual
Tradition mages hold greater potential for power than any of
their opponents.

tions.

— Magick

Do youbelieve im extma-sensomy perceprion, ectoplasmic mani-
festation, reincarnation, the Bermuda Triangle, poltergeist activity,
the Von Daniken hypotheses, psychokinesis, ancestral memory,
and the lost continent of Atlantis?

—Janine in Ghostbusters

Although few in the post-modem world would
believe it, magick exists just as it always has.
Magick takes many forms, from technological
miracles to bizarre "coincidences" to the fiery

‘burning someone toa crisp with a ball offire,or flying through
the air to reach a third-story ledge. This sort of magick is
commonly called vulgar magick, for itis an obscenity to the
laws of reality

explosions of mythic wizards. Fundamentally,

Static magick, while far more commonly used, is less
known. Also known as coincidental magick, static magick
attempts to insinuate itself into the fabric of reality. Every-
thing done via static magick must fit within the limits of

however, magick isthe ability to reshape real-
ity. Mages are humans who have Awakened
their Avatars and therefore possess the poten-
tial to perform magick.

The Nature of Magick

that work in a mage's favor. A mage who performed static
magick with the intent of acquiring money might "suddenly"

tes oe ine win the lottery (as opposed to the vulgar magick alternative
at I couldn't see, cof conjuring showers of gold from the heavens).

Isaidif I can't feel it

Then how can it be

The Spheres

Whilean Awakened Avatar givesa mage the potential t0
shape reality, magickal knowledge shows her how to do it.

— America, "You Can Do Magic"

Magick is the alteration of reality by force of will. Those
with Awakened Avatars are able to understand, mold and
shape reality. Magick takes two major forms: static and dy
namic. Dynamic magick isthe sort with which most people are
familiar—the flashy effectsand blunt manipulation that most
people commonly think of as "magic." Dynamic magick is

Mages divide their knowledge of magick into nine Spheres:
(Correspondence, Entropy, Forces, Life, Matter, Mind, Prime,
iit and Time. Each Sphere represents a facet of existence,
and understanding a Sphere gives the mage power to control
that aspect of reality. For example, mages who pursue the


Sphere of Time gain mastery over chronological aspects of
reality.

‘Often, a mage must possess knowledge in several different
Spheres to manipulate reality as he desires. A magickal feat
that requires knowledge of more than one Sphere is called
conjunctional magick. Conjunctional magick gives a mage
much more diverse control over reality, Still, mages find it
nearly impossible to masterall nine Spheres,sothey inevitably
specialize in one or two areas of knowledge.

Mages gain status by mastering the Spheres. A mage who
is learning the earlier stages of a Sphere is termed a Disciple
of that Sphere; one with a large base of knowledge is an
‘Adept, and one who has become proficient with all a Sphere's
‘common properties is a Master of that Sphere. Regandless of
faction, Tradition or background, most mages respect those
‘who have Mastered a Sphere with which they themselves are
only familiar.

‘Some mages have advanced the notion that, while these
rine Spheres largely define reality, some holes remain unac-
counted for. These mages postulate that there must be a
tenth, as yet unrecognized, Sphere.

The Oracles

Once Mastery of a Sphere has been obtained, most
mages leave Earth to pursue a place among the Oracles. The
Oracles are a select group of mages who dwell in the distant
reaches of Earth's Umbra. There are nine Chantries (houses)
(of Oracles, one for each Sphere. A mage who has Mastered a
Sphere will often seek a second apprenticeship among the
(Oracles of that Sphere in order to pursue further knowledge
of that Sphere. The Oracles are purported to possess secrets
beyond the ken of other mages, and unimaginable powers
that come with such knowledge.

Joining the ranks of the Oracles is no easy task. The
Oracles' nine Realms are located deep in the Umbra. If a
prospective apprentice even finds the Oracles (by no means
certain), he may be accepted into their ranks, made a Postu-
lant and accepted on a probationary period, or rejected. It is
rumored that the Oracles mark the Avatars of those whom.
they reject. Mages of the Traditions also rumor that the
Oracles do not allow another into their ranks until an
existing Oracle dies or Ascends.

Little is truly known about the Oracles. Occasionally,
Oracles visit lesser mages to offer cryptic explanations of
events or request services. More commonly, the Oracles send
their Postulants to conduct such errands

Paradox

Paradox is the mysterious force that preserves reality.
Paradox attacks and punishes those who tear or unravel
reality — which occurs almost every time magick is per-
formed. Whenever a mage performs a magickal feat that is
‘impossible according to the laws of reality as mundanes

understand it, human minds unconsciously signal the forcesof
Paradox to appear and fix the problem,

Paradox has many methods of fixing the disturbances
mages create in reality; none is pleasant for the mage in-
volved. Paradox can even appear in personified form as
Paradox pirits —entities whose sole purpose isto remove the
problem — the mage — from reality

Mages may use coincidental magick without much fear
of reprisal, for in so doing they conceal their activities from
possible watchers. When mages attempt vulgar magick, how
ever, Paradox spirits often manifest to stop them. The worse
the transgression against reality, the more powerful the
Paradox spirit.

Paradox spirits' primary goal is the "correction of real
ity";punishing the mage is buta side issue, However, correction
usually entails getting rid of the source of the problem,
Paradox spirits sometimes create a second reality for the
‘mage, a Paradox Realm similar to the physical world, button
from it. These Paradox Realms become hellish prisons for the
mages taken there. On occasion Paradox spirits sin
offending mage outright.

Quintessence

The essence of magick is the spiritual enengy mages call
Quintessence, Quintessence ebbs and flows through and
about every conscious creature in existence — especially
mages. It is drawn from the origin of realty, Prime. Any act
of creativity or imagination adds a sliver of Quintesser
the world. Creative and self-possessed individuals, such as
most mages, virtually radiate Quintessence. The soul is an
aspect of Quintessence, spirits are formed from it, and all of
reality is created by it

Earth is the only known source of Quintessence (and
thusall mages must eventually return to Earth, no matter how
far afield they may stray). Significant supplies of Quintes
sence are exuded at certain earthly locations called Nodes.
Quintessence is such a vital commodity in the Ascension
War that most battles are fought for control of Nodes.

Talismans and Foci

Talismans are objects programmed to evoke specific
magickal effects. They take a great deal of time and Quintes
sence to create. Most Talismans contain reservoirs of
Quintessence that are tapped each time the Talismans an
used. Once all a Talisman's Quintessence is depleted, the
Talisman may not again be used until more Quintessence is
introduced. Because Talismans store Quintessence to power
magick, even Sleepers can activate them. Marauders com
monly leave their arcane Talismans in physical reality to be
discovered and accidentally activated by Sleepers; rarely are
the effects pleasant for the unfortunates who activare such
devices. Details of Talismans are given in Chapter Eight
Mages also employ another class of objectsknown as Foc.
Unlike Talismans, Foci are not necessarily magickal objects.

ly sla


Foci are props that beginning mages need in order to perform
theirmagick. They are"items of power," such as ings,
corcomputers, which must be wielded by inexperienced

tp evoke magick. Foci can also take the form of special
amangements that must be made ahe:
drawing of magickal circle on the ground. As mages becom
enlightened they ourgrow the need for such things, but begin-
ning mages appreciate the help the objects provide

The

Supernatural
World

Anyone involvedin the twilight world ofthe occult must, so the
a@mpument goes, be weird or unusual because occultsm inthe popular
Imagination conjures up visions of incense-fled temples, naked
‘ings om altars, bizarre rituals, secret iitiations and... the worship
ofthe Powers of Darkness

— Michael Howard, The Occult Conspiracy

sasy The World of Darkness is more than a simple
mood ora texture. The supernatural isnative to
thissetting— ghosts haunt opera houses, vamn-
pires roam the night streets, faerie changelings
seek a return to Arcadia, and a race of shaman
istic werewolves protects the few remaining
wildemesses. Each competestoshape the world
for its own ends, and in its own image. Yet this
struggle for dominance takes place outside the
perceptionsof the average person. The supernatural forces war
ith one another behind a vei
or only is humanity blind to the supernatural elements of
they are also blind to any real conception of the universe. The
Technocracy has rewritten the history books and the as-
tronomy books to teach humanity a false version of the world.
There is far more to reality than the physical world called of
Earth

The Tellurian

‘And when we shoot for the stars

what a giant step

ave we got what it takes

to camry the weight ofthis conc
—Tasmin Archer, "Sleeping Satellite

Mages do not describe reality as "the universe." They
instead refer to reality as the Tellurian. The Tellurian
sents the entirety of reality —everything that exists, including
the spiritual worlds that mirror the physical. The vari
groups of mages constantly debate about the true nature of the
Tellurian. Much is speculated, but little is known for certain.


Most of the Tellurian remains uncharted by human mages, but
some of its wonders are known.

The Near Ombra

We sometimes catch a window
A glimpse of what's beyond
Wasi jus imagination
Stringing us along?
More things than are dreamed about
Unseen and unexplained
We suspend our disbelief
And we are entertained.
Rush, "Mystic Rhythms"

The physical world as humanity knows it is not the only
facet of existence. There is an entirely different world, a spirit
world that mirrors Earth, yet remains unseen by all but a few
‘Awakened beings such as mages. This spirit world iscalled the

Near Umbra. Iris. a world in its own right, existing parallel to
the physical world and covering the same space simulta
neously

In some ways, the Near Umbra looks much like the
mundane world, because physical reality reflects the spin.
However, the environment of the spirit world is more reveal:
ing than the physical world of earth. In the Near Umbra, the
effects of the Technocracy's control can more cleatly be seen.
Cities in the Near Umbra are barren, lifeless voids covered
with the webs of spidery spirits that serve the forces of order.
The vitality of these places has been choked dry. Only in the
more remote locations of the world does the vibrancy of the
Umbra become evident. In these rural areas, stil free from
technology's influ in the physi
cal world and everything seems more "real." This is the true
world of spirit, which the Technoc
defining out of ex

‘While the "geography" of Earth and the Umbra are
similar, not everything appears in both worlds, and some
things are bizarrely different. For example, a mage steps from
a busy city street into a nearby back alley. She puts her
magickal knowledge to work and shifts into the Near Umbra
Here the skyscraper to her left is gone. In its place is an
apartment building demolished two years ago. The old build
ing was a home, and its spirit or memory is still here — the
planet still dreams of it. The building on her right is gone
entirely; only an empty foundation shows that it exists at all

‘Though the environment of the Near Umbra does not
always match that of the physical world, reality itself is not so
different. When mages cross into the spirit world, their bodies
are transformed into spiritual essence. They may move and
talk just as if they were in physical reality

Realms

The Tellurian contains a multitude of Realms, of which
Earth is but one example. Earth is, in fact, the Realm at the

ice, colors are brighter th:

cy is slowly diluting and


‘center of the Tellurian; many supernatural beings refer to it as
Gaia, the Earth Mother. Other Realms do exist; each has its
‘own laws of reality, which can be wildly different from the
reality of Earth. Many of these Realms possess both a physical
and spiritual reality, just like Earth. For example, most mages
believe that the other plan

s in the solar system have their

‘own Near Umbrae. It is unknown whether the surfaces of
these planets are truly as lifeless as the Technocracy would
have humanity believe. Most mages at least agree that Earth's
moon, known as Arcadia, exists in the Tellurian outsi

Gaia's Near Umbra. It is believed that faeries inhabit the
world of Arcadia and are ruled by a powerful spirit known as
Luna.

Gaia sat the center of the universe, and isthe lodestone
around which all other Realms orbit. Though Prime is the
‘only true source of souls, Earth is home and birthplace to the
vast majority of known souls. This has made the human race
fostrumental in forging the nature and structure of the
Tellurian — indeed, human mythology has created many of
the spirits and phenomena known to populate the Tellurian.
Ieseems that humanity's collective unconscious can actually
shape the world of sprit. Thus, the gods and monstrosities of
ancient legend are said still to dwell in the Realms of the
Tellurian

Realms are pockets of reality. Some, like Gaia, are very
Auge, while others, ike dreams, are merely small bubbles that
dit in and out of existence. Mages have categorized several

Realms, including Horizon Realms, Shade Realms, Shard
Realms, Paradox Realms and Dream Realms.

* Horizon Realms: The Horizon is Gaia's spiritual
equivalent of the ozone layer. It shields and contains G
Near Umbra from the void beyond. Hor
are small pockets of reality resting on the rim of
Umbra. Horizon Realms are usually created by
spiritual powers to serve as havens against
Mages commonly create Horizon Realms to house their
‘Chantries (described later). These Realms are ideal locations
for magickal study, as they do not suffer the effects of Paradox.
that plague earthbound mages.

Horizon Realms are rare, because it requires a concerted
cffort of several powerful mages to fashion such a Realm. Vast

jer realities.

resources must be expended, but the result isa Realm wherein
a mage is creator and god.

Another factor contributing to these Realms' rarity is
the fact that they must be linked to one or more Nodes on the
Earth's surface. Nodes are sources of Quintessence, which is
required to sustain the existence of the Horizon Realm, Such
a connection also makes it easier for mages to create Portals
allowing travel from Earth's physical reality to the Horizon
Realm.

* Shard Realms: There are only nine of these primary
Realms in the Tellurian. Shard Realms are so named because
most mages believe that they used to be part of Earth until the
rise of the Technomancers. The Shard Realms are now flung


throughout the Tellurian and correspond both with the nine
Spheres of magick and with the celestial bodies of Earth's
system. These Realms are very la
tions for exploration. The average ma
little about the Shard Re:

‘© Shade Realms: Mages who pursue the Sphere of Spirit
frequently explore the Umbra. Many of these
that eight "Shade Realms" exist somewhere al
zon at the edge of Gaia's Near Umbra. These Shade Re:
connect Gaia's Near Umbra to the Shard Realms. These
insubstantial lands have characteristics of both the earthly
and the Shard Realms. Shade Realms are said to be the safest
conduits to the Shard Realms.

‘© Dream Realms: Dream Realms are created from the
dreams of humanity. Each dream exists for a brief moment in
the Umbra as the dreamer unfurls her story landscape, which
is then severed from its source as the dreamer wakes up or
switches to a new dream. Dreams Realms are weird and
wonderful places that manifest the subconsciousofthe dreamer
in a very real way. Mages and other Umbral creatures occa:
sionally enter dreams by stepping into a Dream Realm while
it exists in the Umbra. The Nephandi are infamous for
entering the nightmares of their foes and weaving them tc
their own ends.

Powerful spirits of the Umbra have been known to weave
their own semi-permanent Realms out of dreams. A pan-
theon of spirits calling itself the Oneira, or Dream Lords,

collects the severed wisps of dead dreams and resuscitates
them, weaving them into a distorted, phantasmagoric won-
derland of linked Realms known as the Chimerae or the
Dream Worlds. The masters of the Chimerae often patrol this

country of living dreams, and have

acted with dreamers. Some Oneira are even powerful enough
to control humans via dreams.

* Paradox Realms: The final variety of Realm is a kind
wherein no mage desires to find himself. When the forces of
Paradox strike out against an offending mage, they sometimes
find the easiest means of defending reality to be the removal
of the anomaly and all its

fects to another place entirely
Thus is a Paradox Realm created. The mage, and the region
in which he changed reality, will be moved to a plac
's Near Umbra. Then, Paradox will smooth rea

outside

ry back
tw its original form.

The Deep Ombra

Between the Realms, like the vacuum of space separat
ing one planet and its atmosphere from another, lies a vast
spiritual void called the Deep Umbra. There is only one Deep
Umbra, and its mysteries extend into the ir
the Tellurian

The Deep Umbra is inhospitable to travel. Like the void
of outer space that it mirrors, the Deep Umbra does not
sustain life, at least not life as humanity knows it. Still,
are said to be creatures that roam

nite reaches of

the
p Umbra, nightn


{shhorrors of gargantuan size and indescribable features. Some
mages believe that if such entities indeed exist, they must be
allied with the Nephandi

Some Realms, such as Shade Realms, often contain
bridges linking them to other locations. Such connections,
Jnovn as Portas, allows congress between Realms without
traversing the inhospitable Deep Umbra that lies between,
Some of these connections are difficult to use. Some have
never been used and await only the required ceremonies to be
opened. Unfortunately, some of these ceremonies require
ements from the destination itself. Acquisition of such
ements involves a difficult journey and negates the benefit
of the connection, at least for the first traveler.

The Barriers

The Technocracy has actively pursued an isolationist
agenda with regard to the Tellurian. It has fortified the
natural barriers that exist berween Earth and different seg-
ments ofthe Tellurian. The Technocracy fears many of the
strange and bizarre elements of outer reality. Its members seck
to segregate Earth from ¢ lien and unknown forces of the
Tellurian.

Earth is separated from its Near Umbra by a mystic
barrier called the Gauntlet. The Gauntlet is a wall created by
the energies of Earth and reinforced on an ongoing basis
through the efforts of the Technomancers. Designed to
protect Earth from the chaos of the spirit world, it prevents
easy ingress and egress and reduces the contact between
Umbral reality and physical reality. Because they maintain
the Gauntlet and bar the Marauders from Earth, the
Technomancers believe themselves heroes and guardians of
peace and security

In
Technomancers also maintain the Horizon, which separates
Gaia's Near Umbra from the void of the Deep Umbra. The
Horizon serves asa barrier to the Nephandi, who mainly exist
coutside Gaia's bounds and constantly seek entrance to Earth.

Both the Gauntlet and the Horizon present hurdles to
those who attempt to enter the Tellurian from Gaia. While
the Tradition mages don't discourage the Technomancers
from keeping the Marauders and Nephandi at bay, they
recognize that the Technocracy's motives are purely xeno-
phobic and self-serving. Much of the life and vitality of
spiritual reality is no longer mirrored on Earth. In the long
tun, this isa worse fate than even the Nephandi might pose.

The Tapestry

Since time immemorial, mages have used the metaphor
of the Tapestry to describe reality. They often speak of the
Tapestry a the "true" fabric of the world. Such a definition
of reality supersedes the division between the spiritual and
physical. Dozens of metaphors of this type are used or have
been spawned by mages. People think of sorcerers as "weav
ers" of spells. Power travels the globe along "ley lines." The

addition to overseeing the Gauntlet, the

effects of the Life, Matter and Forces Spheres all result from
Quintessence channeled through a "patter." These meta-
phors are accepted as fact by mages. The Tapestry isa theory
as basic to magick as evolution is to science. The physical
world owes its very shape and nature to the Tapestry.

Nodes

Just as the sun has its sunspots, places where the mag-
netic field creates a dense knot of unseen pattern affecting the
‘blaze of gases around it, so too does earth have its places where
the raw essence of Prime is thickest. Menhirs. Burial mounds.
‘Occult libraries. Churches. Temples. Sacred caves. Haunted
‘houses. All such places on earth are known as Nodes.

In terms of the Tapestry, Nodes are where ley lines
intersect and knot. Quintessence often collects at the Nodes
‘as it travels along the lines. As the primary repositories of
what little free Quintessence still exists, many Nodes suffer
raids by mages in pursuit of vulgar might.

Nodes are important to many other beings as well. The
Garou, a race of werewolves, center their culture around the
Nodes they call caerns, and travel about the Umbra using
"moon bridges" that connect the caems together. Stealing
from a werewolf caem is very dangerous, but highly profit-
able.

Nodes are important strategic locations.
Extradimensional beings can most easily reach Earth through,
Portals connected to Nodes. Technomancers naturally use
this fact as an excuse for shutting down the Nodes of others,
stealing their Quintessence in the process. In so doing the
‘Technomancers are able to close an entry point for poten:
tially hostile beings, strike against their mage enemies, and
collect large amounts of Quintessence — all at the same time.

Spirits

A great many spirits roam the Umbra. Those known as
Lords are very powerful entities who often carve out worlds of
their own, or who appoint themselves spiritual protectors of
various ideas, locations or peoples of the earth. Slightly
weaker entities known as Preceptors serve and advise the
Lords, and are more easily contacted than those remote
rulers. Below the Preceptors are more prolific spirits collec-
tively called Minions. Among the Minions are elementals
and a host of miscellaneous entities fitting no known pattem,
of hierarchy. Spirits cannot manifest in the physical world
without first acquiring physical bodies, or being summoned
by mages or others who desire to hamess their powers. Some
‘mages claim that the race of Garou, the werewolves who now
live on Earth, are actually a race of spirits who have taken
physical form, and who sometimes temporarily retum to their
spirit home.

Mages are uncertain how spirits are created, but many
believe it has something to do with the collective uncon-

scious of humanity. Many spirits have assumed the appearances
and personalities of gods from ancient myths, elementals of

the real world, and even figures out of popular culture. Human-
somehow personifies its own beliefs into spirits, which
themselves take on lives of their own within the Umbra.

The
Technocracy

If you believe they put a man on the moon
Man on the moon
If you believe there's nothing up their sleeve
then nothing is cool.

REM, "Man on the Moon"

One of the direst threats to true Ascension is the Tech-
nocracy, a legion of mages who follow the banner of science.
‘Once, the Technocracy's goal was to protect humanity on its
path to Ascension, to defend humans from the dangers posed

by the other inhabitants of the universe. To achieve this goal

Technocracy created barriers berween the worlds of spirit
and matter, making matter itself a safe haven of physical
"reality" wherein humanity could pursue its path to Ascen

In the Technomancers' utopia, no more would humans
be plagued by spirits and Banes or faeries and dragons. The
world of spirit would be a world apart, separated by the
Hadrian's Wall of the Gauntlet. Traffic between these worlds

would be closed to humanity as a whole, and the dangerous
creatures on the other side ofthe veil would be kept out. The
Techn
itself

uncers even swore to protect humanity from magick

This goal, however, became an obsession, perverting the
Technomancers' thought. They ignored the negative effects,
of this cosmic schism, the severing of humanity from spi
They are now desperately xenophobic of all non-ph
beings. Anything on the others side ofthe wall is "other" and
thus to be feared: They are different from us. They want what is
nas. They went to stop us

The Traditions want to raise humanity, to guide it
toward the lofty ideal of Ascension. The Technomancers,
however, want to pare humanity down to the lowest common
denominator, to set everyone at a low standard. When all are
‘equal, either in misery or comfort, then the Technocracy's
Ascension will arrive

Toward this end, the Technocracy promotes the value of
materialism, of placing importance in one's property rather
than oneself. Everyone can thus be equal, with no individual
different from the masses. The mass-mind is all-important; it
is through the collective state that Ascension will come. By
promoting physical matter over intangible ideas or sprit, the
Technocracy enforces the protective Gauntlet that keeps out
the "bad influences."

Only the laws of science are allowed todictate the path to
Ascension. All things must conform to established fact.


Spurious thoughtsand whimsical feelings are dangerous tothe
delicate weave of reality; even dreams are considered to be
invasions from outside the Gauntlet. If the Technomancers
could banish dreams ftom the mind of humanity, they would.
In fact, Freudian psychology was the Technomancers' at-
tempt to reduce dreams to mere physical urges, but this failed
when Jungian psychology responded by stressing the impor-
tance of myths upon the human psyche. Unable to influence
hhumanity's dreams, the Technomancers instead attempt to
influence their own, using technological devices to regulate
their dreaming and prevent themselves from entering REM.
stage sleep. This has had terrible psychological effects upon
them, making them cold, cruel and unimaginative beings.
Make no mistake, science has a legitimate place among
the means to achieving Ascension; the Sons of Ether and the
Viral Adepts prove this point. But the results of science, the
toys of technology, have become a distraction to an end. The
Technomancers have tured science into a terrible dogma.

Rise of the

Technocracy

‘Deepin the human unconscious is a pervasive need for a logical
universe that makes sense, But the real universe i always one step
beyoma logic

— Frank Herbert, Dune

Long ago, the first Technomancers (though they were
known by adifierentname then) began toengineer reality into
the image they desired. They were the first to devise the
metaphysical separation of mind and body, spirit and matter.
‘The result of this separation was the Gauntlet, the barrier
berween the spirit world and the physical world.

Originally, the Gauntlet was weak, and many spiritual
beings and fanciful creatures still breached it to tread the
earth. As the Technomancers' powers grew, however, the
Gauntlet thickened. When the Technomancers finally
usurped the Earth in the late Middle Ages, it became impos-
sible for most beings to pierce the membrane between worlds.

‘The Middle Ages, known to mages as the Mythic Age,
ended with the Technomancers' victory over the other
Traditions and conquest of physical reality. The Mythic Age
hhad regressed into a fractious period of wars between the
‘mages who supported a magickal reality and those who
sought religious reality. As these mages argued among
themselves, the followers of science made their move.

‘So well orchestrated was the Technocracy's maneuver-
ing for power that all the other Traditions were caught
unaware. The mythic wizards and religious saints worked
toward Ascension through personal power. The mythic
wizards would raise humanity by choosing a select few to
apprentice, thus spreading enlightenment and power through
individuals. The religious saints provided examples of their
‘own lives for others to emulate, believing that those who

mimicked their enlightened acts would achieve Ascension
themselves.

The Technomancers instead appealed to humanity as a
whole, through the objective, repeatable magick of science.
Inventions such as the Gutenberg printing press brought
power into the hands of many. Here was knowledge to be
possessed not just bya few who could afford laboriously drawn,
illuminated manuscripts but by any who could buy one of the
much cheaper printed Bibles. While the lower class illiterate
and poor, sill did not reap the benefits, the middle class —
a whole segment of European humanity — rose a significant
step toward enlightenment and thus Ascension. Step by step,
the Technomancers' power waxed, while the collective mind
of humanity was enamored and moved as never before,

The religious community moved to suppress this danger-
ous threat to its own plans, but no matter how many scientists
its members censured, they could not stop the mind of
humanity. The thrill and glory of science had infected the
masses — there was no going back. It was full steam ahead for
humankind, with the clarion call of science and reason
leading the way

Perhaps if the other mages, both mythic and religious,
had not been so slow to commence their own plans for the
whole of humanity, things would have been different. As it
was, the mages of the Traditions had long paid attention to
their own personal gains, while the masses lagged behind.
Finally, here was science to free the masses — one man's
scientific discovery could be shared by all of humankind. No
waiting period, no long and arduous apprenticeship. Instant
‘empowerment.

‘Copemicuswasa Technomancer who fought hard against
the previous paradigms that had ruled reality. With the
release of his paper "De Revolutionibus Orbium Caolestium"
in 1453, he placed the sun at the center of the universe, and
thus placed reason over the physical earth. His heliocentric
innovation freed humanity from the medieval bonds of
ignorance and fear. Reason promised to solve all of
humankind's problems. Many Tradition mages revile
‘Copernicus' name to this day, blaming him for the current
state of the world. But i is not his fault that reason went too
far, choking the soul.

‘The instantempowermentoffered by the Technomancers
quickly led to arrogance. Drunk with its own power, the
Technocracy began to dictate just how humankind would
proceed. The Technomancers made the same mistake all
‘other mages did before them: enslaving humanity to their
‘own personal vision

By the time the other mage Traditions began to retaliate,
the Technomancers had gained a psychic hold over Earth.
The hand of science had spread to monopolize and reshape
the physical world, squeesing out any shadow-truths that did
not fit into its beliefs of objective reality.

The Technomancers' magick became "normal" and ex-
pected in human society. The magick of technology was
supported by the human race, while other forms of magick


became scored and disbelieved. Mundane observation began,
to tigger the forces of Paradox when "miracles" happened
without the trappings of science to explain them. Tradition
mages became dissidents within an established
than co-navigators with equal access to reality. Much like
Benjamin Franklin's statement that the last act of any de-
mocracy would be to elect a dictatorship, the last act of
human belief since the fall of the Mythic Age may well have
been the creation of the Rational

The Traditions believe that the Technocracy gravely
imperils Ascension. If nothing can be done to right this
wrong, the universe is doomed. The Technocracy is danger:
‘ously close to the completion of its plans. If the Technocracy
can effectively shut out the lingering vestiges of magick from
Earth, the universe and all of reality will be forever pinned

ity rather

Spirit and matter are not the separate things the Tech:
nocracy wants to make of them, but one whole. Spirit and
matter combine to create reality; severed from each other,
reality cannot exist. The Technocracy does not recognize
this, and will not recognize it. The fight seems is
win, yetthe Tradition
the battle at all costs

npossible to
80 few in number, must continue

Grip of the
Technocracy

You're a well-paid scient

You only talk m facts

You know you're aays right

‘Cause you know how to prove it step by step.
— Dead Kennedys, "Well-Paid Scienti

Magick, true magick of the sort practiced by the Tradi-
tions, has become an intruder on the turf of science and is
downplayed in importance by humanity itself. The mages of
science have implemented their views to such a degree that
almost every display of magick thatappearstobe technological
will be accepted by modern humans. Technology is itself
ick; itis just a kind of magick thar people have learned to
accept.

‘The Technomancers have overseen humanity's progress
in leaps and bounds from its state at the close of the Middle
Ages, to the Renaissance, to the Industrial Revolution, tothe
Space Age, to the Information Age and beyond. At son
pointalong the way this heady mix of power and complexity
grew to fascinate the Technom

ncers in its own right.

The Technomancers latched onto their technology and
their detailed "truths" about the machinery of the Earth
Intheprocessthey convinced themselvesofhumanity's
insignificance and their right to ignore social imperatives in


pursuit of the intellectual imperatives of science. Science
became the end-all and be-all of the Technomancer mages.
‘They mistook the form for the function, and now strangle
humanity with the very device they used asa stepping stone
to Ascension.

‘Thanks to the secret control of the Technomancers, the
world is made smaller every day by technology. People
become isolated from one another through habit rather than
distance; two neighbors in an apartment house may never
exchange any words over years of residence. By downplaying
the significance ofthe human aspects of society, society grew
into a cold giant to be served for its own continuance. Worse
yet, the Technocracy began to deride the use of imagination
and romantic notions, stunting many aspects of the human
soul. History was even revised so completely that none today
believe the Mythic Age ever occurred, or that magick other
than that of science ever existed.

The Technomancers have thus systematically imple-
mented a mystical rigor mortis that impedes all who seek
Ascension. When imagination is finally removed from hu-
manity asa whole, the Technomancers will be safe from their
‘enemies, and the mass can Ascend — by crushing its mem-
bers down to a common level.

Political Agenda

[never saw no miracle of science
"That did't go froma blessing to acta.
‘Sting, "If | Ever Lose My Faith in You"

To secure its dominance over the physical world, the
Technocracy strives for a completely static, unchanging real-
ity. It vies with the Traditions for total control over this world
Groups of Technomancer mages patrol the boundaries be
tween this world and the Umbra, andseek tokeep the outsiders
‘out. Any gateway opened reduces the overall stability ofthe
world, threatening the master scientists

Spe Goals

© Bring stasis and order to the universe. Predicta
brings safety. Once all is discov
Ascension shall be won.

* Convince the masses of the benevolence of science,
‘commerce and politics, and of the power of rationality.
Conflict and suffering will be eliminated in our utopia.

© Preserve the Gauntlet and Horizon. Chaotic individu-
als who open gateways with impunity threaten the stability of
our world. Uncontrolled Portals also allow outside forces
such as the Nephandi access to our world. This must never
happen.

* Define the nature of the universe. Knowledge must be
absolute or chaos will envelop al. The elemental forces of the
Universe must not be left to the caprices of the unknown.

'* Destroy the Traditions. Their recklessness threatens
cour security and our progress toward Ascension. Theit Quin-

iliry
and all is known, the

tessence must be captured lest it fall into the hands of the
Marauders or Nephandi.

The Conventions

Tam nota nuember. | am a free man!
—#6, The Prisoner

Today, the Technocracy is divided into several Tradi
tions of its own. To separate themselves from other mages,
Technomancers call their Traditions "Conventions." Unlike
the Traditions of mages who have assembled against the
Technocracy, these Conventions are almost homogenous in
their goals and means. This is not tosay that they are identical,
‘but simply thar they know not to buck a good thing

Each Convention specializes in a field of technology,
and possesses this technology at a level far more advanced
than that ofthe world at large. This technology isthe medium
of power for the Conventions, and they guard it zealously
until such time as they decide to release it to the world
through the guise of a "new discovery". With their techno-
logical devices, the Technomancers are able to reproduce
many of the magickal feats performed by the mages of the
‘Traditions with their Sphere magick. Furthermore, each
‘Convention has a few tricks of its own.

Iteration X
Listen and understand.
‘That Terminator is out there.

Itcan't be bargained with,

Itcan't be reasoned with,
Itdoesn't fel pity, or remorse, or fear,
And it absohutety will not stop...ever,
Until you are dead.

—Reese, Terminator

Iteration X exploits mechanical and cybemetic technol-
ogy inorder tomake a better human, Some biological functions
suit its needs, but Iteration X feels the path to Ascension will
be achieved by merging biological intelligence with artificial
intelligence. Rumors abound of the artificial mind that directs
the Convention —a mind that achieved intelligence at the
Xth iteration of a sentience-expanding algorithm (the Con-
vention is unwilling toreveal the exact number ofthe iteration
where the intelligence evolved — perhaps thinks that would
be like revealing a "true" name). Some members of the
Convention certainly have visions ofa society where all wants
and needs are seen to by automatons, but these well-wishers
feel that all individuality and choice must be removed from
humanity before this can occur.

Magesof lteration X are rarely seen by othermages. There
have been only a few confrontations that directly involved
‘mages of the Convention. More commonly, Iteration X uses
servant creations to enforce the Pogrom. Some of these
murderous automatons are known all too well by the Tradi
tions. Iteration X prefers to enforce the Pogrom in only one


‘way — extermination. Any alien element, especially a mage,
that the Convention discovers on Earth is immediately tar-
ageted and servants are dispatched to kill it

Autochthonia: The Umbral "machine Realm" of
Autochthonia is a source of power for Iteration X, and gives
the Convention a staging ground from which to impose its
reality upon earth and neighboring Umbral Realms,
Aurochthonia originated from a theory of Kepler that posi-
tioned a machine Realm near the sun in the center ofthe solar
system. Through humanity's temporary belief in such a
theory, the founders of Iteration X were easily able to con-
struct a Realm within the Deep Umbra, a Realm of pure
machine.

‘Asa whole, Iteration X conducts most of its research in
Autochthonia. There it perfects its theories and lets ideas
trickle out into society alittle at atime. Already there was a
scare about the effects of furure shock, so the Technomancers
ate playing it safer now. Although most of the cutting-edge
technology found in this Realm ist least a century away from
‘mundane revelation, the Traditions fear that with each new
technological advance on earth, Iteration X gets more pow:
erful. Rumors say that UFO sightings are the Convention's
way of preparing people for the next great leaps.

HyperlntTech Mark V, "HIT Mark": The most feared
agents of Iteration X are the Hyper Intelligence Tech Mark
‘Vs, or HIT Marks. These are cyborgs programmed to seck out
and destroy the enemies of the Technocracy — Tradition
mages, Marauders or Nephandi. Half living flesh, half me-
chanical construct, these killing machines look relatively
human — on the outside. They are designed t0 look like
normal humans (as long as they wear trenchcoats and other
concealing clothes), enabling them to walk among Sleepers
and carry out their missions of extermination. When HIT
Marks enter combat mode, however, their weaponry is
‘unconcealable: chain guns pop from their arm cavities, laser
sights slide down over their eyes, and razor-sharp tungsten
talons unsheathe from their fingers.

Despite the name, these cyborgs are usually of only
hhuman-level intelligence. They all have internal computers,
however, which can add greatly to their database of informa
tion or perform combat calculations (range and angle
calibrations for gunfire) that make them deadly hunters and
Killer. They do require energy to maintain full power; other-
wise they become mere humans with body parts too heavy to
lift with their meager muscle power.

Most models are designed to be anthropomorphic, the
better to hide in human society. Occasionally, though, other
forms are designed. Cybemetic dogs are often unleashed to
prow! the alleyways surrounding Technomancer factories.
"These "animals" are as intelligent as any other HIT Mark.


New World Order

Powver isin tearing human minds to pieces and pucting them
together again in new shapes of our own choosing.
— George Orwell, 1984

Referred to as "Big Brother" by the mages of the Tradi-
tions, this Convention exemplifies all that is bad about
information technology. More than any other Convention,
the New World Order is responsible for streamlining Earth's
realty. When mages speak of the Technocracy, they often
mean the New World Order. This Convention hasa vision of
the earth as a giant honeycomb of steel corridors, constantly
‘monitored by swiveling cameras. It pursues invasive, informa
tion-based technology.

‘The New World Order exploits and damages wherever
possible. [views people as machines tobe used as its members
see fit. Members of the Convention are themselves depressed
and paranoid, living as they do in constant fear of superioes
who do not balk at taking credit for something an underling
accomplished. If the world could be black-and-white instead
of color, the New World Order would see to it. Think of the
movies Metropolis and Kafka and you have an idea of the
nature of this Convention. An old rumor says that Queen
Victoria herself was the founder of this Convention; some
‘mages say that she is still live today and she is not amused.

‘The New World Order enforces the Pogrom through
techniques of abduction and brainwashing. Mages who are
taken away by the servants of the New World Order are
unfortunately seen again years later — after they have been
transformed into servants of the Convention, biological
robots living out an existence programmed into them by the
New World Order. It is not easy to break the will and mind
cf a mage, but no one who has been abducted by the New
World Order has survived the brainwashing ordeal with his
personality intact. The New World Onder takes great pride in

expecially another mage's. It guards its methods fervently.

Men in Black: The dread footsoldiers of the New World
(Order are the mysterious Men in Black. These dark-suited
agents in sunglasses, bearing black briefcases and riding black
Cadillacs, seem to be omnipresent whenever an affair that
threatens the New World Order arises. Rumors say that the
Men can somehow follow Paradox spirits, arriving on the
scene and attempting to stop any Tradition mage from per-
forming magick. Men in Black rarely speak and their exact
motives are always secret, but all Tradition mages know that
a black Cadillac in the rear-view mirror is bad news.

The Progenitors

have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if
‘useful, is preserved, by the term of Natural Selection.
— Charles R. Darwin, The Origin of Species

The science of genetics is on the verge of making several
mind-blowing breakthroughs. Forthe Progenitors these break
throughs are old news. A very careful Convention, the
Progenitors have been setting the stage for people to believe
that virrually anything is possible through genetic engineer-
ing. Of all the Conventions, the Progenitors are the most
aware of the intricacies ofthe power they wield. Verysoon, the
Progenitors plan to make their move and change the face of
humanity.

The science of cloning is one of the Progenitors' most
powerful weapons. Tradition mages have slain Progenitor
mages, at great cost to their own ranks, just to find the same
Technomancers later appearing to face the Traditions again.
Progenitor mages seem to have endless supplies of cloned
bodies for themselves, making them frustrating and nearly
unkillable opponents. The Traditions nickname the Pro-
genitors the "Hydras" after the mythical beast which would
grow more heads when one was hacked off

Furthermore, the Progenitors have found an even more
nefarious use of cloning, which they use to disseminate
paranoia among the ranks of their foes. So good are the
Progenitors at duplicating other beings through cloning that
many of their enemies, and even their allies in the Technoc-
racy, never know when they are addressing a real person or a
Progenitor clone. These doppelgangers are not perfect (Joe
now has a second cup of coffee in the morning, which causes
his office mates to wonder), but they are good enough to cause
fear among those aware of this Convention, and fear is a
‘powerful weapon indeed.

The Progenitors prefer to implement the Pogrom through
the we of their clones. By replacing a mage with a clone, the
Progenitors do far more than merely remove an opponent.
"Through their planted clone, they can proceed to spy on their
‘enemies, saborage enemy plans, and breed distrust among the
ranks of the allied Traditions

The movie Invasion of the Body Snatchers (especially the
remake) captures the feel of this Convention very well, as do
any of the "red scare" films of the '50s. The fear and paranoia,
‘of "commies" in our homesissimilarto the worry thisConven-
tion engenders in all.

The Syndicate

We are out to get America by the pocketbook...the whole
Syndicate
—Abe Reles aka. "Kid Twist" (Murder, Inc.)

Money and power have become words freely associated
with access to and control over technology. This is because of
the Technomancer Convention known as the Syndicate. The
members of the Syndicate are sometimes called the "robber
barons" because their mindset and ambitions frst came to the


forefront during the mid-to late 19th century, when men such
1as Rockefeller and Camegie made a killing by convincing
people to embrace the wonders of technology. The Syndicate
seeks to entrap people in the snaresof loans and credit. To this
day, the Syndicate remains more interested in technology's
ability to generate money and maintain power than anything
else.

Ofall che Conventions of the Technocracy, the Syndi
cate is the one most concemed with weaving technology into
the static, mundane reality of Earth. The Syndicate controls
much of the world financial market; itis the Syndicate who
decides the rules of engagement for the economic wars of
nations. It also pulls the strings of many crime ongani
the world over, from the Mafia to the Yakuza. You mess with
the Syndicate, you may wind up on the bottom of the river in
concrete shoes.

Without the Syndicate, the Virtual Adepts would have
ever gotten computers into the hands of so many people.
The Syndicate constantly fumes over this mistake and now
tries to rectify its error by merging the major computer
‘companies, thus controlling the variety of programs to which
‘common users have access. Hackers really annoy the Syndi-
cate, and the ignorance and fear most nations have of
computers and those who use them is because of the Syndi-
cate. The Syndicate wants fiat to lock up any hacker it
pleases

‘The scariest thing about this Convention is that it is
essentially faceless. It obviously exists beyond its gangster
puppets and captains of industry, yet no one leader has
emerged. The real movers and shakers of this Conventio
unknown. No Tradition mage has yet been able to ascribe a
ne or face to the leader(s) of this Convention. Who runs
it! Where does he (she or they) reside? How come no one has
ever seen him (her, it)? Even the Technomancers' Sympo-
siums have been visited only by representatives ofthis group.
‘What is the Syndicate's secret?

‘The Syndicate is mainly responsible for enforcing the
Pogrom against earthbound mages of lesser power. The
Syndicate seems to take great delight in systematically de
stroying every aspect of a mage's life. First it wil ruin the mage
financially, impugning credit, making bank accounts disap-
pear, etc. Then it wll proceed to frame the mage, destroying
his reputation among all he holds dear. Finally, the killing
begins, starting with the mage's most distant friends, then
relatives, then the mage himself. The Syndicate delights in
destroying a person even before it ends his life.

Void Engineers
My God, it's fl of stars
—2001

This, the smallest Convention of the Technocracy, is
very vocal and very persuasive. Its member
‘mainly with the exploration and consequent exploitation of

are concemed


the Deep Umbra — or "outer space" in the paradigm the
Technocracyhasrooted into reality sowell. Byconqueringthe
last physical frontier, the Void Engineers can shut the final
gate on the Umbra.

‘The Void Engineers seek to convince humankind that
outer space isan empty void and the planets are lifeless orbs
By doing so, the celestial beings associated with the planets
will become mere physical entities, not cosmic powers that
control humankind's destiny through their positions. Alll the
spiritual inhabitants of the Deep Umbra will become mere
alien races. The Void Engineers have already convinced most
of humanity to fear the existence of these beings; many
people fearfully imagine invasion fleets of aliens bent on
conquest of the Earth and enslavement of humanity. It is
actually the other way around: the Void Engineers want to
‘exploit the beings and places of space.

Unfortunately, the Void Engineers are overly impetu-
‘us, and the Technocracy has often had to rein them in. The
1969 lunar landing is the best example of this. When Neil
Armstrong firs set foot upon the moon, millions were finally
shown evidence that the moon was a barren, lifeless place,
not the realm of mystery it was believed to be (although many
scill say the moon landing was filmed in a TV studio). Suill,
this landing, rather than strengthening the Technomancen'
hold on the Gauntlet, only opened a gateway to Arcadia, the
land of the faeries. The magic of the fey infected Earth, and
the idea of space exploration quickly took the form of a
sublime experience for human consciousness. Rapt with the
wonder of Faerie, many humans believed that space was the
answer toall of humanity's problems. "Out there," wars would
‘not exist, new worlds could be colonized and peace would
reign in the galaxy

This idea was exactly what the other Technomancers
did not want. The Void Engineers, unwilling to postpone
their plans for space travel, were punished with the fall of
Skylab, and later the Challenger explosion. The space pro-
gram was set back and people began to fear space travel

‘Other punishments were also levied as warnings: the
abandoned MIR Soviet space station and the flawed Hubble
telescope. The current financial problems threatening the
US space station are the Syndicate's warning to the Void
Engineers: shape up or lose your proposed station.

‘No one is certain what the long-range plans of the Void
Engineers are, but rumors say the Convention as a whole has
been infected with the magic of the fey. Some mages believe
the Void Engineers have accepted the utopian beliefs of what
space exploration can hold for humanity and Ascension, and
that they can even be lured to the Traditions. Other say that
this is exactly what the Technocracy wants others to believe
Regardless, the Traditions view the Void Engineers as the
least of the Technocracy's evils, as the Convention does not
directly contribute to enforcing the Pogrom.

Techno Tangents:
Sons of Ether and the
Virtual Adepts

The magic of our science shines brighter than a thousand sus
— Killing Joke, "Rubicon"

The science of the Technocracy has sprouted many
divergences and false branches throughout the years. How
ever, only two or three of those branches have evolved any
degree of independent authority.

‘One such tangent of science is practiced by a group of
Tradition mages known as the Sons of Ether. Th
to power in the 19th century, espousing the belief that
science as it stands is just one path to a unity of self
expression. They eschewed more rigid and sophisticated
aesthetics to pursue a sort of "weird science" that was ughy,
unwieldy and utterly inspired. The Sons broke from the
Technocracy in the early 1900s when a Technomancer
Symposium voted, and thus "proved," that there is no ether
in space, a postulate against which the Sons obviously fought.
Factions within the Technocracy wanted to establish the
theory that light was. particle, and ether had to go if this was
to be. Faced with the loss of nearly all their beloved theories,
the Sons of Ether retreated to the fold of the Traditions.

Bur the Sons were not completely beaten. Indeed, they
have recently managed to insinuate quantum theory, that fly-
ent for Technomancers, into modem science
‘Quantum physics has brought the study of mysticism into the
corridors of science. Its wild success has ruined many of the
Technomancers' plans, and thus the Technocracy secks the
heads of the Sons of Ether

A second important tangent is that of the Virtual
Adepts, a recently enfranchised Tradition. The seed of the
Adepts' existence was the computer, Babbage's very first
prototypical analytical machine. The Adepts have waited
patiently forthe blossom they knew would later sprout. In the
1970s, when a sufficient number of computers began to find
their ways into the homes of Sleepers, the Virrual Adepts
made their move

Well in advance of virtual reality's appearance in the
timeline of reality as planned by the Technomancers, the
Adepts developed their virrual environment. Such a move
without the mandate of the Technocracy caused the Adepts
to be heavily censured. The Virtual Adepts responded by
ddefecting from the halls of power. Their audacity and exuber-
ance for the possibilities inherent to computers gained the
Adepts acceptance among the Traditions — though some
Tradition mages feel the whole computer issue was staged by
the Technocracy in order to plant the Adepts among them.

Fiction of the cyberpunk genre was an important step in
conveying the Adepts' vision of science. In cyberpunk fic-
tion, people are as cold as technology, and paradoxicall
technology sas wet and natural ashumanity. Usingcyberpunk

in-the-oi


1s a foundation, the Adepts have managed to build a Realm
right on earth, within the heart of Technomancer territory —
a virtual reality world existing only as information flowing
through computer minds.

‘The Virtual Adepts, under the Technomancers' very
noses— and they refuse to recognize it even today — have
implemented a dynamic change as great as Copemicus'
heliocentric theory.

‘Not that the Technocracy is willing to let the Adepts be.
‘The Technocracy fears the Virtual Adepts' defection, for the
Adepts knew many of the access codes and passwords of the
‘Technocracy's own computers. As soon as the Adepts were
declared rogues by the other Technomancers, a purge of the
Technocracy's computers was performed, and all the pass-
words were changed. Still, the Conventions fear that they
may not have fully succeeded, and that the Adepts have left
many "backdoor" in the system, allowing them access to the
secret plans of all the Conventions.

In response, the Technocracy has stepped up its Pogrom
against the Traditions, which has in tum caused many
‘Traditions to blame the Virtual Adepts for their new troubles.

Symposiums
‘Science can make the world seem surreal; a symptom of culnere
Lagging behind technological reality..
— Gregory Benford, Fantasy and Science Fiction

Once every month, the Technocracy holds a Symposium
— a meeting where nothing less than the future of reality is
determined. The Symposium is held in a different Node each
time. Its the greatest social and political event of the Tech-
nocracy.

Each of the Conventions details its plans and progress,
speaking in its own complex lingo of statistics and scientific
jargon to shape the lives of others in a way that suits the
Technocracy. Through complicated negotiations, the sepa-
rate Conventions all agree upon what unified steps must be
taken to ensure the Technocracy's reign never ends

‘These meetings were once held without incident, but in
the last few years they have been beset with attacks by
younger members of the Traditions. Not much harm has been,
inflicted, but considerable starus has been accorded the
victorious raiders. Regardless of these seeming successes,
some mages feel the Symposium is nothing but a farce to lure
other mages out of hiding.

The Marauders

What did you see there?

I saw the saints and ther toys

What did you see there?

| saw thetr knowledge destroyed.
— Joy Division, "Wildemess"

Ifthe Technomancers personify absolut rg
ity,then themagesknownonlyasthe Marauders
are surely opposite. The Marauders have
alluring seas of chaos
that they have lost the desire ever to return to
reality.

On the positive side, these mages have
managed to unite with their Avatars as no
others have, On the negative side, they did this
attheexpense oftheir ability rounderstand and be understood
byhumanity. Asaresult, the Maraudersare a feared, inhuman
s10up of magickal bandits who effect unpredictable and con-
stant changes in the environment. Marauders are rumored to
bbe under the influence of other factions in the Tellurian, but
normal mages have yet to figure out who controls them, or
why.

Wherever the Marauders appear, plans come undone,
chaos reigns, and the cause-and-effect fabric of reality begins
tounravel. A Marauder of appropriate power does this simply
by virtue of her presence; lesser ones cause these effects on
Purpose, using a wild form of magick. Theit goals are beyond
the understanding of rational individuals. The Marauders are

sanity incarnate, and thusare the antithesis ofthe Technoc-
racy. In fact, theirescapadesare so frightening that they almost
justify some of the rigidity of the Technomancers. Even the
worst enemies of the Technocracy know that its stable foun-
dation prevents the greatest Marauder atrocities. The impact
‘ofthe Marauders on reality can be sodamaging that magesfind
themselves compelled to stop or at least contain the Marau

Unfornunately, the activities of the Traditions also occa-
sionally allow Marauders to enter Earth's reality; this is one
major reason why the Technocracy hunts the Tradition
‘mages. Whenever a mage opens a Portal or in any way pierces.
the Gauntlet, there isa chance that a Marauder may also use
the Portal, slipping past the Tradition mage to disappear
somewhere down the streets of physical reality.

Iris believed that one of the Marauders' purposes (inas-
much as beings so peychotic have purposes) isto bring back
the Mythic Age — with a vengeance. If that means a world
‘where humans daily interact with unicorns and dragons then.
so be it. Unfortunately, Marauders are not stable enough to
understand that even myth has its own rules and laws — the
Marauders want only chaos


The Nephandi
— Frankie Ferret to Sir Real, from Darkwing Duck

Of the Traditions' many enemies, the Nephandi are the
vilest, most evil and mysterious force opposing the Ascension.
These immensely powerful mages have sold their souls to the
darkest forces of the universe in a bid for supreme mastery of
reality. None understands their true motives or the extent of
their power. What is known is thar their allies are fearsome,
‘grotesque and come from beyond the borders of the known
world

These allies, the Demon Hordes, were expelled from the
Earth centuries ago by the Technomancers' purge, which
exiled them beyond the barrier of the Horizon. They now
desperately want back in. Only the true Quintessence of
Earth can give them ultimate power, a power from which they
lust like a vampire for blood. The Demon Hordes have
sustained themselves over the centuries by devouring the
souls of human beings, but as the nutritional content of

human souls diminishes (aside effec of the Technomancers!
work), they can no longer wait Outside — they must break
through the barriers.

To this end, the Demons tempt and pervert mages to
their side with promises of great power and even godhood.

They sign contractual bargains, promising a prospective
mage absolute power —in return for her soul. Those who sign
the bargain become Nephandi, the generals of the legions of
darkness.

Numbered among the Nephandt's servants are the cun-
ning and deceitful Demons of the Infemo, and the corrupt
Banes of the Umbra. Beyond this, little is known of the
mysterious Nephandi and the forces at their beck and call
Rumors tell of Nephandi who have carved out whole Realms
for themselves and rule these with iron fists; other whispe
speak of tainted Dreamspeaker mages who have joined the
ranks of darkness and marshal the forces of Entropy,

The Nephandi also use human (or once-human) agents.
These are called the fomori, and though they gain supemnatu.
ral powers from their evil masters, the fomori are marked by
physical and mental deformities — outward signs of a cortup-
tion most terrible. The least deformed hide within society,
furthering the Nephand's influence by seducing other mor-
tals. The heavily deformed hide in the shadowy places ofthe
world, waiting for a chance to open a pathway to the
netherworlds, where their masters wait fora chance to invade
Gaia's reality


The Traditions
Finite players play within boundaries; infinite players play with

— James P, Carse, Finite and Infinite Games

A Tradition is the way in which a mage exter-
nally manifests her working of magick — from
the dolls and feathers of voodoo to the medita-
tion and disciplines of Oriental philosophers
The Tradition's procedures and tools are re-
quired for each magickal effect the mage wills
into reality.
Over the years, most Traditions have achieved
identities of their own, outside the cultures
from whence they arose. The Traditions are the primary social
units of mages. Each Tradition determines the customs to
which its members adhere and recruits new initiates into its
body. In fact,a Tradition sometimes views itself the guardi
of theculrure from whence itoriginated, especially ifitremains
in the same geographical location and recruits apprentices
coy from within that community
Nine Traditions of mages currently operate in the world,
These are
* Akashic Brotherhood
‘These monastic martial artists treat magick as a product
of their intemal light. They explore the Sphere of Mind
divine why the body and soul can never be united. Thou
somewhat detached from mortal affairs, these ascetics a
becoming ever more involved in the Ascension War as th
see the Technocracy destroying humanity's chances for true
dhtenment.
* Celestial Chorus —
Though it has lost considerable influence in recent
years, he Chorus still holds to its basic tenet — that the Great

bers live within the labyrinth
ng to understand the Sphere of Prime, the source of

* Cult of Ecstasy —

Lovers of music, dance and art, these mages practice
magick as a way of life. Rock music was their creation and is
still their passion. In their quest they have mastered the
Sphere of Time, the better to allow them to escape the
physical world.

* Dreamspeakers

Continuing the most ancient tradition of magick on
earth, the Dreamspeakers are shamans of considerable mys-
tery and potency. They are masters of the Sphere of Spirit.
and use their powers to converse with the great spirits and
thereby divine the secrets of reality

+ Euthanatos —

Misunderstood and distrusted by the other Traditions,
the Euthanatos is thought of as little more than a death cult.


lismembers use their mastery of he Sphere of Entropy to kill
and destabilize.

* Order of Hermes —

‘Once the proud masters of reality, the members of the
Order of Hermes have fallen far since the Middle Ages.
Practicing the magick of ritual and calculation, they rigor-
‘uly pursue ultimate power. Toward this end they have
mastered the Sphere of Forces, which grants them power over
the esence of the universe

'* Sons of Ether —

Many believe the bizarre Sons of Ether to be offshoots of
the dreaded Technomancers. Parasites who feed upon the
‘ideas the Techno cers discard, these mad scientists seek to
‘rete a science that adapts tothe will of humanity instead of

oppressingit. Theyare masters of the Sphere of Matter, giving
them great control over physical reality.

* Verbena —

This ancient Tradition is concemed mainly with the
substance and power of life, and i fascinated with life' primary
‘constituents, such as blood and the other bodily biles. Its
members specialize in the Sphere of Life, as they study how
mortal life grows from a lifeless world

* Virtual Adepts —

Though partial members of the Technocracy, the Ad-
epts are accepted by the other Traditions. They are the
masters of the Sphere of Correspondence, personified by
their cyber-reality computer net. Working through that
growing net, they view technology a8 the means to break the
boundaries of reality

Life in the Traditions

All he sil poi of destruction

At the centre of the fury

All the angels ll he duis
All around us can't you see
‘Sting, "Love Is the Seventh Wave"

Mages of the Traditions are in an unenviable
position despite all the power they wield. They
trying to survive against foes more powerful
than they. They strive toward a goal that may
notexist. Theyacton behalfof people whohelp
the Technocracy with every breath they take.
Suill, mages are people of great will and confi-
dence. They may voice worriesand concemsin
their quiet moments alone, but in general they
have no doubt of their mission.

WhenaSleeperbecomesa mage, he must deal with alange
number of facts of life that were previously invisible to him.
Discussed hereafter are the most important of these elements
—the things that occupy the daily lives of mages in the World
of Darkness.

Social Status

The various ranks among the Traditions are based purely
on knowledge and wisdom, or lack of it. The highest statusis
reserved for the Oracles, who epitomize the quest for Ascen
sion. By contrast, the outcast Orphans are accorded the least
status.

* Orphan: Mages of no Tradition, who had no Mentor
and taught themselves the mysteries, are known as Orphans.
Orphans are held in disdain by those of the Traditions and are
considered to possess no hone.

* Apprentice: Mages who are still in training and have
not been initiated are known asapprentices. They can remain
such for as long asa decade, though this is rare.

* Disciple: A mage of fll status who has been accepted
into a Tradition,

* Adepe: A mage who has attained Rank Four in a
Sphere — any Sphere — is known as an Adept and is
accorded honor among his peers. It is ironic that the Tradi-
tions, like the Conventions they hate, reward focus over
breadch — a mage who has attained Rank Four in a single
Sphere is deemed superior to one who has attained Rank
Thre in half a dozen

* Master: A mage who has attained the fifth rank of a
Sphere attains the exalted status of Master.

* Oracle: The most senior and respected of the mages,
these great tutors have mastered the highest strata of the

Spheres.
Search for Ascension

Free mind, free soul
etme for kberation wo flow
Free mind, free soul
Tes time sole your future unfold
— The B-52's, "Bad Influence"

‘The primary motivation ofall true mages isthe search for
Ascension.

Ascension refers to the goal of perfecting reality and
thereby allowingittoachieve or regain itspotential. However,
each mage has a unique vision of what Ascension is, and

mages' views often conflict. Most agree that there must be a
balance between the forces of stasis and change, also referred
to as the static and dynamic elements of reality. The

Technomancers deny that stasis can become too strong, and
the Marauders see no limit to the everchanging dynamic. The
Technomancers are out to reshape society, while the Ma-

rauders desire only to achieve personal apotheosis. The
Nephandi seek to unite stasis and change in utter oblivion,

The Traditions hold the middle ground. They are the
focal point between all factions. They recognize a strong need

for personal development and growth, but they also recognize
the need to orient all humanity toward Ascension. U
humanity becomes enlightened, reality itself will no
forward. So the Traditions seek both personal perfection and
a perfect world. Each Tradition has its own ideology
ing how such Ascension can be best accomplished, but the
Traditions as a whole agree that reality is currently in jeop-
ardy if the Technocracy is allowed to continue unchecked.

Thus, while mages often discuss Ascension, the time for
mere debate has passed. The Traditions realize that Ascen.
sion has gone from being a lofty ideal to being a very real goal

for which they must fight. They are rising to the challenge

ity's Role
Weare the normal
Weliveand we de
Noreasom why

Goo Goo Dolls, "We Are the Normal"

The Traditions sce Sleepers as integral components of

Ascension. Even mages who believe that only the Awakened
will truly achieve Ascension still acknowledge the fact that
they cannot

in their goal without using humans. Human-
ity isthe vessel on which
their needs —

nages sail. They adapt that vessel to.
nd sometimes swim far away from it in their
explorations — but they could not reach their desired destina-
‘tions without it. Earth's reality is home base, and human souls
are quite possibly the centerpieces of the Tellurian.

This puts the Traditions in a difficult position. They

inded
bythe Technocracy's propaganda. The Traditions must wrest
humanity from the stifling grip of the Technomancers while
at the same time protecting them from the Marauders and
Nephandi. Of all mage factions, it seems that the Traditions
are the only ones who possess true compassion for their un
Awakened brethren.

‘must protect and nurture a humanity that has become


Mages commonly work together in compact groups
Jnown as cabals. A cabal isa purely social grouping. In fact,
cabals of inexperienced mages will not necessarily even have
a headquarters, instead holding clandestine meetings in
abandoned warehouses, the hack rooms of bookstores ot
nightclubs, forgotten steam tunnels, catacombs beneath
churches, laboratories, libraries or alleyways. Cabal members
axe often secretly contacted and given complex coded in-
structions for the meeting time and place. Young cabals
cannot be too cautious when it come toavoiding the Pogrom.

In the past, cal
within a given Tradition, but today, mages from disparate
Traditionsoften band together, creatingmore versatile groups.
‘These mixed groups have become the vanguard ofthe Tradi-
tions' opposition to the Technocracy. Such mixed groups are
sill predominantly small in membership and low in re-
sources. The Tradition is stil the major framework of political
cohesion and social obligation.

Sadly, some of these mixed cabals have become rallying
points for mages dissatisfied with their Traditions. These
sroups scom the teachings oftheir respective Traditions, and
instead become violent and greedy wild cards in the Ascen-
sion War. Most mages refer to these magickal mercenaries as
Rogues. Unable to share in the resources of any faction of
mages, Rogues will sell their services to the highest bidder.
‘They are masters of magickal warfare and espionage, operat-
ing in tightly knic cabals and serving any master, even the
Nephandi

Chantries
A sacred cavem to call my own
A darkness fit to skin my bones.
— The Jack Rubies, Falling"

Highly successful cabals that evade the Pogrom long
enough to gather resources often establish a Chantry, or seek
to join an existing one. A Chantry serves as a permanent
headquarters for the cabal; it can be anything from a simple
shack in the woods to a network of sites tied into a Horizon
Realm.

‘Whileany buildingorlocation canserveasa Chantry, few
cabals ill bother establishing a Chantry unless it ist the site
of a mystic Node. By establishing a Chantry at a Node, the
cabal claims the site and the supply of Quintessence found
there. Eventually, most cabals use the power oftheir Node to
‘create a Horizon Realm in Gaia's Near Umbra. Such a Realm
gives the cabal a place of relative safety from the reach of the
Technocracy, and frees its members from the confines of
Earth's reality. In their Horizon Realm, the mages can prac-
tice magick without interference. The Node also allows the
cabal to create a permanent Portal. connecting the Horizon
Realm with the Chantry's physical world Node site.

Truly powerful Chantries may have Horizon Realms hat
connect with several Node sites in Earth's physical reality.
SuchaChantry mightcontrol Nodesin Rome, Constantinople,
New York City, and a cave in the Grand Canyon. Each Node
site has a portal connected to a single Horizon Realm in the
‘Near Umbra, and each Node feeds the Horizon Realm Quin-
tessence to sustain it

However, Node sites are difficult to find. Locating a
Node requires an extensive search in the Near Umbra for the
ley lines that interweave at a Node. This forces many cabals,
to join the ranks of an established Chantry in order to share
in its resources. Powerful Chantries may have as many as a
dozen different cabals as members.

Naturally, membership has its price, Each Chantry has
alist of Covenants, or laws, that govern how the Chantry is,
tobe run. These Covenants are created by the cabal that first
‘established the Chantry, and therefore the rules generally
favor the old guard. New cabals normally have to spend a
seat deal of time performing services forthe older cabal that,
established the Chantry before the new members see any of
the resources of the Chantry used on their behalf. Chantry
Covenants have therefore created a system of social distine
tions among its various members.

Chantry Society

Most Tradition Chantries recognize certain titles among
their members

* Pedagogue: Some Chantry colleges produce teachers
who become so renowned within mage society that they are
termed Pedagogues. These tutors are so instrumental to their
CChantry's success that they inevitably become the rulers of
the Chantry either through influence or direct control. All
too often, these Pedagogues abuse their power, ruling the
(Chantry with an iron hand and discrediting all who dare to
disagree with them.

* Deacon: Deacons are the leaders of Chantry, and are
usually the very same mages who founded the Chantry.
‘Deacons normally have great power given to them by the
Covenants of their Chantry. They generally possess the
authority to dole out the Chantry's supply of Quintessence.
If the Chantry is aso a college, the Deacons often have the
final say in curculum and student admission

* Fellow: Members of a Chantry who are not Deacons
are known as Fellows. Members of cabals that successfully
join a Chantry will usually be made Fellows of the Chantry.
Fellowship grants the mages use of the Chantry's facilities,
access to its Horizon Realm, and some access to its Quintes-

* Sentinel: Most Chantries have guardian mages who
protect the Node sites on Earth. These guardians are called
Sentinels, and their duty is to protect portals leading to the
Chantry' Horizon Realm. Sentinels are organized in cabals
sociated with the Chantry, but are not usually themselves
members. Chantries usually send Sentinels to perform a vari-
ety of earthly missions. Such missions include the collection


of overdue "tuition" to a college Chantry, envoys to other
‘Chantties, and even out-and-out war parties. Iris also the duty
‘ofthe Sentinels to maintain the secrecy ofthe Chantry's Node
sites, est the Technomancers discover the Chantry's exist-
ence.

‘© Errant: Errants are mages whose Chantries were de-
stroyed or taken over, and whose cabals were eliminated,
usually through the Technocracy's Pogrom. These mages
have lost everything that meant anything to them —all they
ever worked for or held dear. Thrust into the mundane world
with few friends and many enemies, Errants are known as
harbingers of sorrow, for wherever they go they bring their
enemies with them. Moreover, most Errants have sworn
vengeance against their enemies, and will use anyone and do
anything to achieve it. Few Chantries or cabals dare to
harbor such mages, so Errants wander alone, hunting their
enemies

« Rogues: Scored as the most violent, honorless and
sreedy mages to be found, these mercenaries sell theit bloody
services to the highest bidder. Though Rogues are nominally
of the Traditions, they have been known to serve
Technomancers and even Nephandi. Rogues are proficient
with the magick of war and espionage, and generally operate
alone or in tightly knit cabals tied to no Chantry or Node.

Types of Chantri

There are many types of Chantries, established for a
variety of reasons by a variety of mages. Chantries are an
organization indigenous to the Traditions, though other
factions have similar institutions. Described below are a few
of the types of Chantres that exist in the World of Darkness.
Ancestral Chantries: Some Chantries are Tradition-
specific, pocketsofhhomogenous culture that keep the Tradition
alive. Since their very inception they have functioned as
political and social centers for their Traditions. Because many
‘ofthe Traditions havebeen around orcenturies such Chantries
are known as Ancestral Chantries. Most are aging and stag-
nant but incredibly powerful. Ancestral Chantries tend to be
Jocated in the most remote and desirable mystical landscapes
of the world, from the Tibetan Plateau to the heart of Rome.
College Chantries: The majority of Chantries are places
where Tradition mages can go to improve their magickal
knowledge. These colleges are described in more detail later.
‘Squatter Chantries: This isan unpleasant nickname for
any Chantry that does not rest upon a Node. Beginning
cabals that cannot find their own Nodes and refuse to live by
the rules ofan established Chantry form their own Chantries
from any building, cave, glen, etc. that meets their needs.
The Net: In some ways, the Net is like an Ancestral
Chantry in thatitisrun by one Tradition, the Virtual Adepts.
However, the Net is hardly a traditional Chanery. Its Horizon,
Realm, if such exists, is said to be a computerized vireual
reality. Virtual Adepes who have access tothe Netare able to
enter it without the use of a Node Portal. The Nevis recent
phenomenon, and few mages even know of its existence.

Technomancer Chantries: The Technocracy has its
‘own institutions, which are in many ways similar to Chantries.
‘These are primarily strongholds where the Saeed
‘conduct scientific research, but some of them do tie i
ther Realms through Portals. For example, Iteration X's
‘Chantries often connect to the Convention's machine Realm,
cof Autochthonia.

Protecting the Chantry

Life in a Chantry once exempted a mage from the
Pogrom, but no more. The conflict on Earth has spread to the
‘Chantries and engulfed them. Because the Technomancers
rarely venture into the Near Umbra, they have difficulty
identifying where Nodes le on the Earth's surface. Therefore,
the Technocracy discovers Nodes by finding the Chant
the Traditions, or the caems of the Garou, and taking them
cover. This forces mages to guard the locations of their
‘Chantries' earthbound sites zealously. If a Chantry is discov-
cred, a swarm of HIT Marks and Men In Black will shortly

sof

Things only go from bad to worse when mages retreat t0
their Horizon Realms. Positioned on the Horizo

and the Nephandi from the Deep Umbra, In add
Horizon Realms are ideal sources of Quintessence, especially
for the Nephandi and Marauders, who find it difficult to break
into Earth's physical reality to steal Quintessence directly.

Horizon Realms are artificial and need constant supplies
of Quintessence to exist. They receive this Quintessence
through the Portals that connect them to their Nodes on
Earth. Byinvadinga Horizon Realm, MaraudersandNephandi
not only get a supply of Quintessence, but also an easy route
to Earth. This is another reason the Technocracy desires to
control al of the Nodes on Earth.

Apprenticeship

‘While cach Tradition uses its own title to describe a
hhuman who has had her Avatar Awakened, the process of
such apprenticeship is shared by all Traditions. Mages who
take on apprentices are called Mentors. They gain great
respect among mages if they successfully Awaken a Sleeper,
‘especially ifthe apprentice goes on to become a mage of note

Each Tradition selects its apprentices in different ways
from different cultural pools. An apprentice is assigned to one
‘or more Mentors who begin teaching the student the funda-
mentals of magickal knowledge. When an apprentice is
deemed ready (this can take 10 years or more), she is taken
through her Tradition's initiation, which Awakens the
apprentice's Avatar. Thereafter, the Sleeper has become a
mage.


Acolytes
Throughout history, mageshave gathered their Acolytes.
These Acolytes are the guards, the advisors, the assistants, the

‘nes who hold back the darkness while the mage channels.
ower and sends it buming into the night. Acolytes are

mundane humans who serve a specific mage, a cabal, or an
entire Tradition. Seldom do Acolytes fully understand the
tue nature of their masters, but they glimpse enough to
reali things are not altogether normal. Apprentices are
often recruited from the pool of Acolytes.

Acolytes can be any type of people. They are bums
stockbrokers, policemen, hookers, secretaries, shop owners,
and ondinary people who have a sliver of something pure
inside them. Perhaps the old woman who cleans your house
has secret insights into your past? Perhaps the man who takes

our fst food order dreams a little more vividly than most?
Perhaps that fortuneteller you see on the way to work every
day really does get flashes of the future from time to time?
Maybe the artist that you love so much might be drawing on

the power of her Avatar to work a special kind of magic
through art? Although Acolytes are Sleepers whose Avatars

have not y ned, their inner manifests

itself in one way or another.
Mages need their Acolytes, bes
lifelines to the real world. Mages often don't have

se Acolytes are mages
deal

with the mundane details of existence, and the

often ignorant of the machinations of the Technocracy
Acolytes can pass unnoticed through the halls of the
where he could never go himself. Acolytes act as a mage's
street contacts, provide a source of influence over society, and

even provide resources for equipment and supplies

Protocol

The society of the Traditions is not highly structured,
uch les hierarchical; however, there are some customs all
mages are expected to follow. These ancient social taboos
and expectations are known as the Protocols. They are simple
rules of behavior taught to all apprentices. Each Tradition
interprets the Protocols slightly differently, but most of the

‘maxims hold true for all
Generally the Protocols revolve around behaving hon-
orably. Some of the most common and well-known Protocols

ate described below:
‘ Respect those of greater knowledge.
© A debt to a tutor must be repaid
© A mage's word is his honor, never break a swom vow.
© The will of an Oracle must always be obeyed.

© Do not betray your cabal or C

* Do not conspire he Technocracy or other en

emies of Ascension.
* Protect the Sleepers they are ignorant of what they do.


‘A mage who breaks a Protocol is rebuked and told what
is expected of him. If he continues to violate the Protocol, a
number of things can happen depending on the mood, power
and status of those offended. The offensive mage may be
shunned. Word of the mage's violation will quickly spread,
and many mages will refuse to teach the offender. Whole
CChhantries may refuse to associate with mages guilty ofbreaking
the Protocols.

This informal system of justice is generally effective.
Occasionally, more drastic measures must be taken against
serious offenders and habitual miscreants. In this case, a
‘mage's own Tradition will call a Tribunal againse him.

Tribunals

A Tribunal isa gathering wherein mages discuss matters
important to all members of a Tradition. In recent times,
some Tribunals have hosted mages from all nine Traditions.
‘A Tribunal can be called at any time, but usually convened
during times of turmoil, such as when a Protocol has been.
broken. Only mages who have Mastered a Sphere have
enough respect among their peers to call a Tribunal.

Tradition Tribunals are held in one of the Tradition's
Ancestral Chantries. Inter-Tradition Tribunals are held in.
‘mutually accessible locations. The mage who calls the Tribu-
nal brings it to order, but other Masters actually conduct the
Tribunal.

Trials are often conducted at Tribunals, and formal
punishments are meted out to those who are found guilty
While the defendant in such a tral is usually a mage who has
broken a Protocol, ti also be called to judge other
‘creatures such as spirits, mages defecting from other factions,

of even Acolytes. Punishments range from the simple and
polite to the unforgiving and harsh. Example punishments
are listed below

* Censure: The mage is formally rebuked. A censured
‘mage is on probation of sorts for an indefinite period, and
‘must often follow a set of strict and precise instructions or
suffer further punishment. These orders vary widely, but
generally include restrictions on travel and associations with
others, as well as requirements for services.

© Ostracism: The mage is formally made outcast, and
none who are of the Traditions are allowed to associate with,
her in any way. She is completely exiled for a period ranging
from a month to the rest of her life. Those who dare to
associate with the outcast risk censure oF worse

* Branding: Masters of the Sphere of Spirit are able to
place a "sigil" upon the Avatar of a mage. Such sigils forever
‘mark a mage as an offender of a particular Protocol.

* Death: Mages, especially those of the Euthanatos
Tradition, don't trifle with those who consistently break the
rules. Mages who hinder Ascension are slain so that their
Avatar spirits can recycle themselves into new, unborn,
children. The giftofan Awakened Avat
those who wield power honorably

* Gilgul: Gilgul, the deliberate destruction of an Avatar
(see Chapter Eight) is the most extreme form of punishment
known to mages. It is only performed when the Tribunal has
reason to believe that a mage's very Avatar has become
polluted or warped. An Oracle visits the Tribunal to enact
the punishment, ripping the guilty mage's Avatar from her
and utterly destroying the spirit. The mage is left physically
unharmed, but her ability to work magick is forever lost.

istobe reserved for

A Love of Knowledge

the chance reading of a book or of a paragraph in a
‘newspaper, can start aman on anew track and make him renowewce
his old associations and seek new ones that are in sympathy ith his,
new ideal; and the resid for that man, can bean entre change of his,
sway of fe.

Samuel Clemens, What Is Man?

Mages operate in a society based around a
respect for education and a profound love of
knowledge. The quest for Ascension isin many
‘ways, a search for truth and wisdom. The pur-
suit of Mastery over the Spheres certainly stems
from a desire for knowledge. Even the Ascen-
sion War is waged over a difference in
philosophies. Thisloveoflore emergesfrom the
ED very source of mages' being.

Teaching

Teaching is the closest thing to a sacred institution that
‘mages possess. The relationship berween student and teacher

is the basis of many old legends and stories. Teachers can be
both! volent and manipulative, however, and some misuse
their authority and position. Most conflicts among mages are
begun by respected tutors who teach the ways of war

‘Tutors vie with one another for respect, and respect is
usually measured in terms of the number and quality of the
students a turor attracts. Competition is fierce forthe bright-
eststudents, for theirachievements reflect upon their teachers.
Moreover, a teacher can also learn from bright, energetic and
‘curious students. However, most tutorsare fartoo busy toteach
allthose who wish to lear from them, so they pickand choose.
To be accepted by a good tutor a student must conv
teacher he is amor

we the
the best and the brightest young mages.


Colleges
M
lly inspired by the teachings of one particular tutor
Colleges support, defend and propagate a particular philoso
phy. Many are innocuous clubs of like-minded enthusiasts;
others are large Chantries that preach a specific dogma and
conduct classes with militaristic codes

One example of a college is the Order of the Burning
Light, which is affiliated with the Celestial Chorus and the
Onder of Hermes (one of the few lasting areas of cooperation
between these two Traditions). Led by an ancient tutor
samed Abelard, the Order is dedicated to integrating the
Spheres of Prime and Forces. The Order holds secretive
meetings in Paris on a regular basis. These meetings are
excellent sources of information about potential tutors, par:
ticularly those in the Chorus or the Order.

Mentors

‘A mage's fist tutor, his Mentor, has a profound effect on
the rest of the mage's life. A good Mentor can be a positive
influence, while a bad Mentor will cause a mage no end of
problems. A mage instructed by a poor Mentor may actually
have to unlearn part of a Sphere before he can learn it

Of similar philosophies sometimes

1 colleges,

properly. Because a student owes the fact of his Awakening to
his Mentor, however, he will always be in her debt. Only the
most twisted and cruel Mentors are not given this kind of

reverence. Often a Mentor will aid her ex-apprentice when
no other quarter will offer help.

Many mages remain in close contact with their Mentor,
and actually seck to further the Mentors' original plans and
ideas. They often become involved in the social and political
airs of their Mentors, and may be asked for assistance from
time to time. Mentorsin turn provide continuing support and
advice for their former students, and may occasionally serve

Tuition

Education is never free. Often a tutor will require
range from the menial to the impossible.

Still, the opportunity to learn under the tutor forces the
student to do whatever is asked of him. This can lead to
embarrassing, dangerous and ternfying situations. Missions
to deliver messages or recover a lost tome are typical. Tutors,
‘especially those tutors who spend all their time at a Chantry,
‘often have limited perspective regarding the feasibility of
their tasks: they might just as easily request payment in the
form of an unharched dragon's egg as in the form of a crate of
sxahenic Venesian gla or a Ralls Royer Silves Cloul,

Some tutors requite that their students be of a specific
Tradition, or have specific values or morals. These tutors
‘often conduct exhaustive background searches, inquisitions
and other information. gathering techniques in order to deter-
mine whether someone should be taught.


Spontaneous
Gift

In recent decades, a new phenomenon has arisen in the
Gothic-Punk world. Sleepers have been born with the

work magick already Awakened. These "spontaneous mages'
Orphans by their educated brethren. Some mages
see Orphans as harbingers of a new crisis, while others view

their presence as an omen of impending Ascension.

Orphans need no mage Mentors to initiate them, and
their Avatars are thought not to be spirits recycled from the
Pure Ones. Orphans do not adhere to cultural Traditions, nor
do they feel the pull of ancestral spi
‘work magick by intuition and inspiration alone

"Though the majority of Orphans' spontaneously Awak
ened Avatars are quite weak compared to those of nort

within them — they

mages, there are exceptions to this tendency
Orphans have been powerful indeed. At first, m
played a great deal of hostility toward these "i
though they were of necessity brought into the community of
images, clear distinction was made between "tru
the bastards of Earth. In time, this ger
4

al an

nore enlightened attitude wherein
considered on an individual basis, Some Orph
proved to be valuable soldiers in the Ascension Wa
their origins.
Because the Got
its own right, a good pet
magick methods of Goth
adopt the
Tradition

ic-Punk milieu is almost a Tradition in
age of all Orphans are steeped in
Punk character. Orphans who
adem Gothic-Punk culture asa basis for a magick
called Hollow Ones. Hollow Ones are not
generally recognized as a Tradition unto themselves, but the
mages of the Traditions are beginning to see the importance
of bringing these sullen young Orphans into the fold, lest the
Technocracy (or worse, the Nephan

Today

Spells of Einstein, Bohr and Stephen Hawking let the mystic
cand quanta become entwined it's space time's door that now needs
sanlocking) by equations of most exquaste kind.

— Len Kaminski, Dr. Strange (December 1993)

) woo them frst

The Tradition mage today stands at the balance point of
the universe, and is thus harried on al sides by the Technoc
racy, the Marauders and the Nephandi. These foes haveall lost
the center and fallen to an extreme, whether it be o
pattem and stasis, fickle chaos and change, or doom-laden
corruption and destruction. Only the Tradition mages can
hope to guide humanity toward harmonious Ascension,


Unfortunately, the Tradition's magickal powers have
been greatly hampered by the Technocracy. The dangers of
Paradox spirits and the Pogrom have caused the mages to
retreat underground and practice their art in secret. Overuse
‘of vulgar magick causes Paradox spirits to appear and reverse
the effect — and then punish the offender. If any Sleeper
discovers their secret, the hunters of the Technocracy would
soon be upon them, ready to enforce the Pogrom.

To preserve magick's secrecy, mages have developed
both practical habits and mystical disciplines to conceal
tmagick's nature, and to some extent, that of is practitioners.
For this reason, coincidental magick is held in high regard
among mages.

‘Mages understand the human tendency to destroy what
cone does not understand without pausing to verify the truth
ofthe matter. Mages are extremely frustrated by the opposing
tendency to believe anything couched within the framework
of science. Consider a news story on television that an-
nounces an amazing scientific discovery: the ability to rework

completely the genetic structure of an unbom child. A man.
with a complicated machine operating on "scientific" prin-
ciples would be accepted without question, while another
‘man who simply waved his hand in front of the woman's belly
would be scoffed at — even were the results identical, and
even though the exact process of either method is incompre-
hensible to the average person.

Just as the villagers rose up against a Son of Ether named
Frankenstein when they discovered his "mad" attempts to
reconstitute life, people would not accept much of what
mages must do. For the most par, the life of mages consists of
Purposeful ruses and agreements to avoid performing vulgar
magick in front of normal humans. Given time, these predi-
lections become almost automatic and unconscious.

‘Suill, mages will do anything in the name of the Ascen-
sion War, as they struggle to reconstruct Prime from the
pitiful remnants and clues that are available.



Chapter Three:

Storytelling

What isthe point of this story,

What information pertains

The

that life could be better

Is woven indelibly into our hears,

end over brains,

Paul Simon, "Train in the Distance"

where time seemed to stop while the film played across the
theater screen? Between the opening music and the closing

smber the last time you saw a really great movie, one

credits, the movie consumed your senses
world. You suspended your disbelief, and while the movie

played, youigrored the sticky theater loor, the uncomfortable

seats, or the all guy sitting infront of you; you forge

theater full of people and the world around you

‘This same captivating experience was enjoyed by people
long befor television, film, or even the printed word, through
the arts of oral fables and drama. People were fascinated and
captivated in the same way that a good flick enthralls people
toshy, but their entertainment came from storytelling. Mage,
asastorytelling game, strives to promote the same suspension
of ddbelief, through the Storytellers ability to weave fables,
and through everyone's ability to enact the roles of their
character

Ifyou are new to storytelling games, don't be surprised if
thisnew form of entertainment isdificul to masterat firs. As
asociety, we have become used to being entertained instead of

entertaining ourselves — spoiled by television, movies, radio
and books. Mage requires

» participate actively in the
creation of your own stories, to be your own entertainer:

This chapter is meant to guide
tellingof stories in Mage. While it isprimarily intended for the
Storyteller, players wll also profit by reading it. The quality of
those of the Storyteller.

The Role of the
Storyteller

Who tells the stories? Itisa significant question. Who imagines,
the world for us, and how do they do it?
—Michael Warren, Mediaand Values Winter 1992)

ion and

Theroleofthe playersispretty straightforward —theyact
le of Mage characters. The role of the


notas simple. Pethaps the simplest way to describe this role is
to say that it involves doing everything else. The Storyteller
defines the setting ofthe story, outlines the plot for each story,
and creates a host of characters who must be brought to life.
‘This may sound like a lot to do— and i is — but preparing a
story can be much more fun than playing it.

Mage has several features to help novice Storytellers as
they cut their teeth. First, the sample story provided in the
appendix not only gets you started but also provides a number
of loose ends for youto extrapolate further plots as youlike. You
‘can use this story as a rough guide for how to build your own
stories.

‘Second, because the world of Mage is largely based on the
real world, you can use real-world situations as models for your
stories. It's usually best to alter them a bit, however; the
differences between the World of Darkness and the real world
are detailed in this book.

Finally, the Storyteller rule system is designed on the
principle of simple elegance. You should keep this in mind as
storyteller, and not complicate things unnecessarily. When
situations arise during game play where dice need tobe rolled,
the rules to govern the situation are relatively simple. This
keeps the story moving, the drama high, and prevents a game
session from becoming a rules-fest. Never forget that the story,
not the rules, is the most important thing.

During a story you must wear many hats. You must
alternately play the role of various characters, describe set
tings, narrate events, and adjudicate between character actions
and the rules. How adept you are at juggling these roles, and at
skillfully performing each one, determines how entert:
and enlightening your stories are.

Entertainment

Though a Storyteller will have many motivations, the
‘overriding goal should always be to entertain the players
Certainly, storytelling requiresan investment of yourtime, but
italso requiresan investment oftime on the partof the players.
Instead of playing the game, they could be reading a book,
watching a movie, out on a date, or spending time with theit
families. in order to make the experience worthwhile forthem,
‘you, as the Storyteller, need to make it fun. Afterall che hard
work preparing a session of a storytelling game, nothing is
better than watching yourplayers have a genuinely good time
‘That is your compensation for the work of preparing the story

Occasionally, however, the desire to entertain can lead
‘youastray. Youcan go too far, and modify the flow of the game
to appease, not please, a player. This usually happens when a
player has not really akenon the role of his character, and the
character's failure affects the player's true feelings. Character
identification is certainly encouraged, but the player should
still beable to maintain the role of observer and enjoy the flow
‘ofthe story, even ifit becomes a tragedy forhischaracter. Ifthe
Storyteller habitually appeasesthe playerssothat nothingever
goes wrong for their characters, much of the drama and all of
the tragedy of a story disappear.

ing

‘Onahappiernote, youwill delight when the players guide
their characters through a richly woven story to eventual
success. Tragedy and temporary setbacks are all part of a
cchronicle's drama, but eventually, the players should succeed.
Balancing a story's problems and perils to the players abilities
and their character' Traits takes practice, but the more
successfully you balance these disparate elements, the more
climactic your stories will become.

Osing the Rules

Itisyourduty as Storyteller to know the rules ofthe game.
The rules of Mage are designed to be comprehensive, yet
simple ways to determine the outcome of any action in story
However, every application of every rule cannot possibly be
included in the rulebook. In a storytelling game, especially a
‘game of magick, anything can happen. The Storyteller must be
the final interpreter ofthe rules, and must decide ina practical
way how the rules apply in the game. If a player wants his
character's magick to affect everyone in the room, the Story-
tellerdecides the dice roll required, regardless ofhowany ofthe
players may interpret the rules of the game.

However, asthe final arbiter of the rules, you must also be
fair and consistent in the way the rules are applied. You must
act impartially and reasonably forall involved simply beca
you wield so much power. A Storyteller must be an umpire of
clear and sound judgment.

‘You will sometimes be obliged to go beyond the rules, or
ceven break them. Breaking rules is often necessary to tell the
best story, or to make sense out of the world. In order to
maintain the trust of the players, you should probably not
break the rules on a regular basis (they may come to rely on it
happening whenever they're ina jam).Ifyoumake the mistake
of doing 0, it will destroy the free will of the characters and
eliminate the drama of every scene. Ofcourse, you may decide
to change the rules permanently in some way, and this we
encourage, as long as everyone knows the rules have been
changed.

Knowing when to supersede the rules is just as important
asknowingwhen tobreak them. Attimes, youmust createnew
rules on the spot, especially when determining what specific
magickal effects the players characters are capable of perform-
ing. Your decision can fill a rules hole for the moment, using
the guidelines in the rulebook as a benchmark. Then, before
you play again, think about the problem in more detail
extrapolate the long-term consequences of your rue interpre
tation, and see if your solution was the best one. If not, change
the rule

Ie is important that you determine what your style of
storytelling is, and what you need to do to make it work. One
way to look at your "style" is as a position somewhere on a
continuum berween "rules lawyer" and "freeform" storytelling.
Ir is nearly impossible to ascertain your style of storytelling
before you actually begin to play; you develop style through

.

Ifyouarea "ules lawyer," yourstyleofstortellingcalls for
strict interpretation and application of the rules of the game.

Tedemands consistency, and its reward is a powerful sense of
realism, Ifthe rules say that a player must roll his charactes

Strength to complete a certain action, then that's what
rolls Nothingelseisadded tothe rolland nothingelseisrolled,

This syle is whar most sports referees aspire to achive

The other end of the scale is "freeform." This is the style
wetend to emphasize, but itis nor necessarily any better than
strict application of the rules. When playing freeform,
Storyteller applies the rules sporadically, if sh
the rules

most extreme versions

become improvisational t
supe of whar can be done with freeform

Your style will most likely fall somewhere between these
two extremes; this is entirely up to you, Once you settle
tell the players. If you

nroleplayingisan

style of play, don't change unless yc
typically play radical freeform and then.
begin to use some af the rules, play
may become enraged. Likewise, i you usually strc
tulesf the game and suddenly decide to ph

players will be lost without the powers and statist

night you actually
will feel caged and
apply the

‘sumed they possessed

Chronicle

Action seems to take the place where sentences collide

Pill you why, itll you why, [Il ll you why
The Night is Over, the day has just arived
I'm only doing what I'm doing
So things wil be better in the end
Marty Willson-Piper, "Night Is Over

ld in Mage

several years of real tim

ation. A chron
individual storie

settings for the in

filles caused
Inter date for seeming discrepancies
the players trust your chronicle, then they will soon trust that
most elements of your stories are there for a reason. They will

addressing their concesns sooner or later.


Creating a Chronicle

‘Youneed tobegin designing the chroniclelongbeforethe
players create their characters. Hopefully, you will have al-
ready spent several hours of work, atleast in determining the
substance and texture of the chronicle you want to mun.
Everything else depends on what you come up with initially
The sharper your ideas and overall concept, the better every-
thi

else will work later on. It can be time-consuming to
create a Mage chronicle, but the work youdoat the beginning
will pay off in spades later on
Before the chronicle can be
itwill be like

you need an idea of what

issues. You
tagonists
will involve them,

its setting, antagonists and ce
‘must create a setting that will excite the players,
that will provoke them, and issues th

Cre

ing a chronicle is like creating the most important

character of the game.

Youhav

a number of decisions to make as you create the
youneed rodecide thesetting —isiton Earth:

In what city? If isset in the Umbra, in what kind of worlddo

thecharacters live?Secondl, you need todecide what connects,
the characters and binds the
tohelp describe th

together, and what you can do
tons. Third, you should develop
the primary antagonists of the players — what are their
‘motivations and powers! Finally, you should construct plan

of the progression of the chronicle, to detail where you want
to take it and where you must start.

Setting

In Mage, itis not necessary to create an entire world from
scratch, for the world isso much like our own. However, thase
quently visit need to be well
consider where they liveand what kind
ill most of the stories take place in a city, a
wilderness, the Umbra, of other Re:

Who else lives there? What
there are v

areas the characters will f
Jeveloped. You:
of area it is. W

the local Sleepers like? If

npires or werewolves in the arca, do they know of
the characters? The Tradition politics of the region need tobe

‘Some places will be repeatedly visited by the characters.
‘These settings might be the Chantry, a Nod

a curio shop,

their teacher's abode, or even a certain city of country. These
settings anchor the chronicle at certain points and keep the

players involved in a cohesive story. You need to make these
live for the players; until they do the characters cannot
themselves fully exist. Further developing the physical nature
of, and Storyteller characters in, each repeated setting will
create a more intricate and enjoyable chronicle

Characters
The characters are the mo
chronicle, and need to be the
playerinvolvement in creating the chronic

rant elements of a
story. As such,

impo
ocus of ev

success. This may seem obvious, but itisall too easy to fall into

the trap of designing a seemingly wonderful chronicle that
does not involve the characters a its protago

‘The characters relate to the chronicle largely in terms of
bal to which they belong. A group of mage om
bal for almost any reason: a special mission, protection,
revenge, or anything that binds the mages' destinies. It is

erally assumed thar the members of the cabal are the player
characters.

Each cabalisorg

ized and operated differently, Someare
mal and loosely structured, while others are based
around aspecific buildingandloc
setofrules. Youshould
want, and why it

indoperate undera strict
ow who the charactersare, what they
nakes sense for them to be together. In
answering these questions you should involve the players,
allowing them to decide the basic structure and organization.
of their cabal. Some questions of this type are ar the end of
Chapter Five.

Youshould note seduced intoleavingthe creationofthe
characters, and thus the cabal, completely up to the players.

Never assume that they will fic into the chronicle you have
planned. Your ¢
dite

ronicle will be more successful if you become

ly involved in the creation of the characters. If, for
example, you are planning a chronicle that heavily involves,
the Umbra, you nced to ensure that the playersrealize this and

design their characters accordingh
Depend:
dictate some aspects of character creation. In so doin

on your chronicle, you may even have to
be
careful to explain, at least vaguely, why such directives are
important to the chronicle

An excellent way 1 gain an understanding of each

character prior to the game's beginning is thro
called a prelude (see Chapter Fi
tellertakeseachplayeraside,onea

A process
). In a prelude, the Story
acimeyandellsa rapid-fire
one-on-one story about the character' life. Through this
process, the Storyteller can introxluce some clements that may
be important later in the chronicle. Th

wyer also gains a
chance to try her character out,
to the Storyteller

Antagoni

The opponents the characters face in the course of a
chronicle are very important. Antagonists provide a foil for
reflect

J to explain the character

sts

what the characters strive to attain, and on a more
immediate level they add excitement and conflict t0 the
chronicle. A player's
attempting to fi

wre out an arch-rival'sn

The nature of the paired words protagonist (the charac-

ters ofthe chronicle) and antagonist doesn'tnecessaily reflect
connotation of good or evil. Some antagonists may simply be

individuals oF groups whose go

s conflict with those of the
characters. Canada and the USA may dispute the wording of
an intemational trade agreement, but neither country is evil:

However, nothing holds a chronicle together, story (0.
story, betterthan agood villain.

vil. During

nindividual thecharacters
he course of the chronicle

know ismalevolen


the characters should confront the same villain(s) time and

time again, This provides continuity to the chronicle as well
gafamiliarface(s) that the players

saime villain or

charactersat every
ment
In shorter chronicles, antay

Powerful es the charac
‘mote ivering ifthe villain is many ti powerful than
the characters, even with their powers combined. That way
the characters never have the option of facing him directly.
Instead, they
flow of inf

antagonist is bour

secrecyand the

undo the machination

Antag ms. Some of the

ts in Mage can take mai

most likely ones include Kindred (vampires), the Garou
(werewolves), the Umbrood, the Technocracy, the Mara
and the Nephandi. Other antag include f

Paradox forces, and other supematural beings such as mum

Scheme

Oncethebasicconceptofthe chronicle hasbeen decided,

the Storyteller can begin to put together the chron

Infact, you will probably already have formulated many of the

jcle's plot

Sen

> an |
es uy

general elements of the chronic

yline. You should also begin to get a feel for how many

pronicle will involve in its telling, and what each,

es the c
ally about

It is best to keep all such plots in a simple and flexible
As the
the players will inevitably make deci
¢ Storyteller te

form when the chronicle is just beginning

alter the plot of the
lly alter
0 of the
the dark

s that requ
chronicle. Occ

J direction and conch

the Storyteller's inten
chronicle (sometin

a "Yes, father, | wil

decision), but such is the freedom of a storytel

you should be prepared to handle such eventual

must thendecide whether you want tosacrificetheph

will by forcing them hack into your intended plotline, or

sacrifice what could possibly be a better chronicle conclusion

cal new direction the players have chosen.

Je, many ti

to gowith
On the pe

the radical new c

direction will creat tunity tobreakoutof what
have been a stereotypical plot into something new and better.

Title

Almost every book, play, movie

poem, painting and

has a title, 0 your chronicle should be no different.

the players put iton their
le may beas elaborate

proniclea title and
s The title of

as you want, and the title itself may foreshadow


thingstocome. Forexample, titlingan Umbra-basedd
"Citadel of the Dream Lord" might give the players visi
battling lord of nightmare in the Chimerae. You'll find
good ttle alone will cause the players imaginatic

Chronicle Concepts

The inspiration for a chronicle cencepe can come from
any source: discussions with players, movies, comic books,
novels, real-life events, and countless other sources that in-
spirethe imagination, The setting of Mage lends itself especially

0 certain types of chronicle concepts; these are discussed
below. As the Storyteller, you can take an inspiration for a
chronicle and compare it to the concepts below. Maybe your
to build and flavor one of the chronicle

idea is a unique wi

types; possibly, you havea completely new concept
+ Retainers of the Chantry
The characters are working for someone or something
lished Chantry (pethapseven
in the Umbra itself) and the older mages who reside there. For

else, most likelya long-est

instance, the characters serve the Mentors who apprenticed
vided them toward enlightenment. They are

pethaps still considered appre

them and have:

have access to the tomes of the Chantry. However, they must
serve the Chantry and perform tasks assigned to them; these
tasks can sometimes be dangerous.

Missions can involve attacks on the Technocracy ot

"other enemies, political summits at other Chant 7
‘ew sources of Quintessence, recovering rare magickal tomes,

and discovering new Nodes. Many stories wll likely take place

in the Umbea, at the Chantry, and in other far-off Realms.

This is an ideal chronicle for beginning char

playersnewtostorytelling. By playing the p
thecharactersser

tof the master(s)

the Storyteller sable to gather

acters

of different backgrounds into convenient group, and also to

have direct control over what the characters must achieve in

cach story. However, the Storyteller must be careful not tc

remove all free will from the characters.
Th

range fr

reasons why the characters serve the Ch:
n pure loyalty to the threat of pus

thment or death,

ate members of
embers

‘The characters might strive to become as
the Chantry, and

‘The characters could serve ano
Chantry of

yeday even full

ther master besides
1 vampire Methuselah, a werewolf sept, a pow
even a sentient from another realm.

* The Street Gang

‘The cabal isa gangofstreet punks. Though the characters
have leamed some of the mysteric
havenot abandoned the pleasures of mu
they have found that livingon the street

Sucha master

against the Pogrom.
The characters have ready access
the black marker, sources of inform

some of the stranger power groups of the Gothic-Punk world
"They may even deal with the vampire lordsof the underworld

The characters tend to use blunt means to achieve their
brute forcein timesofneed. Theydon't

goals, even revert
let anyone or anything stand in their way, and treat everyone
as an enemy until proven otherwise. Life on the street bas
hardened them, made them overly suspiciousand violent, and
sometimes this can make learning from (or even interacting
with) other mages difficult. The characters might ev
Rogu

« Fighting the Technocracy

The Technocracy is not very fond of the mages of the

Traditions. Its members are passessive of their control over

reality, and punish all who stand in the path of total
Technomancer dominance. This fanaticism has increased in
recent years to the point where a systematic program of

repression has begun, The Pogrom has claimed the Avatars

lives of innumerable mages.

Some younger mages, understanding this, have decided
co fight back. They have sensed! weaknesses in the position of

the Technocracy. They have also decided to uncover these

weaknesses and exploit them, The increasingly shaky convie
tions of the Void Eny
determination. W

neers have fueled these mages' hope and

le some mages try topersuade orcajale the
Technocracy into changing its theories and approach, others
wage open wart

with its members, and most simply try to
hide from the witch-hunts.

Mage chronicles that use this concept will commonly
feature the characters pitted squarely against the machina:
tionsofthe Technomancers. Because the Technoeracy i large
xl formidable, these chronicles have a lange scope and

colve powerful mages on both sides.
Objectivesofthischronicle might include: attemptingto

"win over" some institutions of static realty; secretly assisting

the Marauders; and hunting down and slaying the worst of the
Technomancers
The element of revenge might underlie the characters'

own fanaticism. Perhaps the mages who apprenticed them

were killed, their Chantry destroyed, or their cultures
nated by the onslaught of the moxlem world.
ise

The cabal has infiltrated the Technocracy, and seeks to
destroy or change it from within. It will need at least one

* Expio

Virtual Adept member, or perhaps the cabal is led by a
renegade Te
at lea
ad guys.
Pechaps the cabal is located not upon Earth, but upon
Autochthonia,

;nomancer from one of the Conventions, thus
one player the opportunity to play one of the

the bizarre machine world of the
Technomancers. This world is incredibly advanced — inter-
stellartravel salready underway. The cabal isan underground
clandestine organization and is fiercely hunted by Iteration X,
who rule the planet. The characters are probably spies and
saboteurs planted and supported by the Chaneries mast op
posed to the Technocracy. Surviving more than one or two


x

XZ
LR
ROY
2
y

A
eee

RO 22 f


following the directives of a part of their subconscious better
left ignored, or do beings like these really exist?
© The Ivory Tower
The characters are los

the Gothic-Punk world. They grew up ina Chantry, and know

next to nothing about Earth. They must now survive in a
strange and hostile world where they understand little, This
can be agreat way to introduce the Gothic- Punk world to new
players

You need to decide what happened to the ¢
Chantry

icters

did they simply lose contact with itwhile they were

6 their first mission, or did someone destroy it (providing
+ Exploration of the Tellurian

butyou may occasionally wish to build a chronicle in asetting

with a different scope, or in a different time era. You are
certainly free to and encouraged to do so. Sometimes a movie
ornovel will nspireashort chronicle of one c ies. The

advantage of the Storyteller rule system is that it is very
flexible,and with minor modificationscan easily be adapted
a different type of chronicle

The Tellurian contains many strange and unknown
Realms, and the motivationsof the Umbrood are inexplicable
‘Some have Realmstowhich they kidnap warriors from through:

‘out the universe to battle for their amusement. Others have

Realms that mimic fictional locations from the minds of

le, or any story in the

humans. Basically, this type of chron
Tellurian, allows you to introduce almost anything to the
World

* The Guardians

Whetheron their own orby the an older mage'sditection,

Darkness, even the elements of other roleplaying

the characters are dedicated to keeping their town or country
safe from the influence of darkness and chaos. Marauders' very
appearanceon Earth isdangerous toreality. VisitingNephandi

are wh

corrupt. The characters patrol the area looking for

opping these groups' dastardly plans. More advanced

cabalss nitor both the physical world and the Umbra,

keeping track of movement on both sides of the Gauntlet
Thiskind of chronicle provides the oppormunity for detec
exploration. In addition, che characters may regulaly find
tors are harsh or strict the characters might find themselves
npathizing too much with their opponents.

* Historical Setting

ccales for Mage chronicles — imagine surviving the Salem
Witch Trialsor the Inquisition, Perhaps youare a mage during
the period immediately prior to the beginning of the

Techn the European Middle Aves.

You could even be part of the grand experiment of the Order


of Hermes (see the White Wolf game Ars Magica for more
details on the mages of this time),
| chronicles might involve takingacharac-
ter group from a historical time period all the way up through
the modem day (something like the movie Highlander where
th
beginning

yet exercise it, through a

story of the weird and horrific (something like Clive Barker's
Hellraiser" mythos),
Whether inspired of nature or dictated by some historical

prapose, mythologies are inherently culture-bound, whereas the
entertaining features of a well-told wale break
uhatever social applications they originally served, 10 float off and
recombine with the features of other traditional mventions m the

nightsea of the huonan imagination

Joseph Campbell, Historical Atlas of World Mythology

4 Once you have the concept and basic outline of

yourchronicle,it'stime tobegindraftingits first

story. The process
different from designing a chy

igning a story is nots

picle, You still

need to know where it will beand what plot you
think it will have

Story Concepts

Listed beloware a number ofconceptsthat

you can use as starter kits to create your own stories. These

premises, issues, situations and themes can germinate one
multiple stories. Read these cone
like the best and weave

Jintessence Rai

pick our the ideas you

1 what you yet.

and to open Portals

activity for young mages, especially when times
They hit such places as we

wolf caems, Technomancer

Nodes,and magical sites ofall sorts. This

The story starts with the characters le
decide how best to capture it. They may face all sorts
dificuties and
likely to ake place

it journey, but most conflict

Once they have taken over the:
togather the Quintessence. Sometimesitisalre
form; other times they need to go

* Marauders Take Manhattan
The Marauders can ent

of Marauders

ory in a number of different

amatic. For instance, a band

of which are qu


creatures to step into the physical world — in the middle of
New York. The characters have to chase down manticora on
Broadway and dragons in Central Park, all the while trying to
find the Marauders themselves and avoid the furious
Techni

Other stories might involve: characters having to deal
with a Marauder Talisman that has come into the hands of
Sleepers, causing tragedy and mayhem; facing Orphans wh
ts of the Marauders; or dealing with a
group of Marauders who are on Earth by n

have become serva

sans of a cormupted
Portal the Technocracy now wants co shut down,
* Exploration
‘There are innum
tigate in the Tellu
Umbra outof curiosity, and travel rodist

ible places andl phenomena to inves

venture into the

Realms in search
of knowledge. All you need to do is to create a place worth.
cexplor something there that the characters want, find
awaytoletthem get there (anallicd Chantryhas Portal?) and
think of things to put in their way:

* On the Home Front

Sometimes the story comes home to the characters
Sometimes the cabal and its Chantry or Node come under
direct attack. The characters are constantly on the defensive,
trying to stay one step ahead of their enemies — and the
ot he the real threat. While the
heir Node from a coterie of
cre vampires, the Progenitors could be clon
players looking over their shoulders a they leave

* Mystery

A uystery i

enemies they se may
characters are off protecting
Tren

gramming their parents.

start as somethi

small bur quickly
nce and relevance to the cabal. Dark
secrets among the weted with the characters are
excellent ways to hegin a mystery, but murder

wages

device. Perhapsa mage from an allied Chantry has become an
operative of the Technomancers. The characters come across
cluesrevealingtreachery..orthey might simply st
his headless body. Someone else got to him first

characters need to discover the murderer

You need to be sure that magick doesn't give everything
avvay and that the mystery in some way involves the cabal. The
characters should often be given a chance to defeat the
menace, not jus to figute out what i poi

* War

In war, extreme

J destructive measures are taken,

ostensibly for the protection of rights, privil

+» wealth and
status. Thisis even more true for mages. Though overt strugg

now cabals and Chantries commonly become
nflictsof such size that they can only be termed
war. Antagonism hasreached sucha pointamong some groups
that many of the Chantries in Horizon Realms are in a
permanent state of war. The primary conflict is between
Technocratic and Traditional Chantries, 2s few of them trust
fone another enough t

embroiled in

make permanent peace. The
Technomancer Chantries are especially vicious and send

raidingexpeditionsouton their Umbra ships, using high tech]
‘weapons developed on Aurochthonia.

Freelance

Mages are sometimes approached by other groups that
alliance. Often these groups
for any aid that might be
, but other times they offer money, connections or

offer a reward of Quintesse
provide
information. Mages are powerful beings, and their servicesare
in demand

Such Freelance stories m

a temporary of permane

ht involve being hired to free|

a Sleeper from imprisonment in a Nightmare perpetuated by
an evil Nephandus, helping Garou clear from Gaia an atea of

Wyrm-taint, or even venturing to Hell to retrieve a lost soul

Beginning a Story

youre ready co launch your chronicles first story,

isis are several things you may want to consiler, includ

preparing an area

for the gaming session.

Storytel

ing games are usually played indoorsat a table in|
the kitchen, den, orliving room. There should be chairs forall

ning session is to last

unless they're the hosts). You should also consider any props
you might need, any modifications tothe room toset the mood
forthe gam

scion, andany special provisions necessary for
Live-Action if your story will involve i

Before you begin each new story, make sure that there are
tno loose ends from the last story, such as character exp

at
f thenew story, if you've given it one,
and also briefly discuss with them the theme of the coming

corrule interpretations. Once youare ready to begin, your
tell the players the titk

Finally, many novelists will tell you that the most impor.
tant line of a novel is the first one, and the really great movie
lwaysopen with a powerful establishing shot. In that vein, i's
sually best to begin the story with the characters rig
thick of things C

ein the
the players on the edge of their seats right
away; you can always use a flashback after the opening scene
to show the events that led up to the opening scene

Telling a Story

Tellinggagood story isaskill that you and your players will
enjoy developing as you play Mage. You should explore
different techniques of telling stories that can improve their

entertainment value. Here are a few techniques that can be
used in both individual stories and long-running chronicles.

Foreshadowing

Havey

rer been reading book or watching a movie

and suddenly gotten a sense of what is g

This has happened to everyone at some time or another, and
there is more to it than seeing through a po
clichéd plot.Ir'scalled foreshadowing, anda

rs atleast the

200d ones, do it on purpose


When a story element allows a player to guess upcoming
vents in the chronicle, she becomes caught in a web of
suspense carefully laid by the Scoryteller. Even though the
player knows somethings going to happen, she does not know
for certain when it will occur, or to whom it will happen, or
where it will happen next. This timing is the power the

Storyteller has over the player, and by wielding this power
carefully, the Storyteller maintains a state of suspense. When,
theexpected isfinally sprung, the player will stil be surprised.

Though foreshadowing works well when employed spar
ingly, youdon't want to foreshadow everything that's going to
happen. If foreshadowing is overdone, the characters may

now at the very beginning of the story exactly how thingsare

going to end.

A simple example of foreshadowing would be a descrip-
tive chronicle title, such as "The Destiny Dice". The players
«an guess th
They do not know what the dice will do, why they are
important, or when they will appear, but you can bet that the
players will be curious to find out. They will be anxiously

there will be dice somewhere in the chronicle.

avaiting the appearance of dice in the storyline, and when
they appear, the characters wll clamber over th
their secrets. You have now given the players an expectation,

mtodiscover

and what is suspense if not an expectation of the dreadful

vor gyannensis

Repetition

Another chronicle technig use of

s the judicion

repetition. Just as an ofter rovides a sense of

continuity, so can other rep
between stories and also build su

‘Any number of story elen
repetition. For example, a character has s
he chronicle (peth

s can be used to build

ilar dream at the
psabit more of

beginning of each story in
the dream isreveale:

h time). Another ex:

npleis that the

characters' antagonists can be identified by a certain sii,
‘appear mote and more often asthe chronicle
progresses. Or maybe the characters begin to leave and arrive

ments. In

which begins to

wherever they travel at precise five-minute inc

fact, anytime they check a clock, the time is son

tiple of

This may not be noticeable at first, but as these
time readings are repeated, the players might make the con-
nection, and then they will realize theyhave been manipulated

five minutes.

by some force of Time since the beginning of the chronicle
This last example of repetition is perhaps the best because
belety. The most seemingly innocuous elements can be

fovidedepth for yourchronicle.

ofits:

systematically repeatedto hel
At first, only you may be aware
De

these thematic

let the lack of praise for your brilliant little nuances

inuing the practice. It will pay off

‘even more in the end when one of the players suddenly notices


a connection that can be traced through several stories and.
pethaps many months of real time.

Symbolism
From symbol to symbol leaps the mind of the genius; from
smb to symbol crawls the mind ofthe moron.
M. Denning & O. Phillips, The Foundations of
High Magick

Symbolism is a powerful element in literature that can
ako be used effectively in a storytelling chronicle. While
symbolscan work onasmaller scale within asingle story, their
true usefulness becomes apparent on a larger scale. Within a
single story, a Storyteller character named Max Smith may
become a symbol for calamities brought forth by excessive
greed. To make such symbolism clearer to the players, you
might have Max become the central point of a story whose
‘theme and plot follow the intent of the symbol.

nbols may be similarly used in the

er context of a
chronicle. You might even use Max Smith as an antagonist
throughout the chronicle, and the characters will come to
expect that where they find Max, or hear his name, the
destruction and pain caused by his maniacal greed cannot be
faraway. A symbol used throughout achronicle in thismanner
becomes a connecting device for the chronicle tha
supports the theme of the chronicle

Countless other symbols used throughout classic litera

ture can be incorporated into your chronicle. Poetry, such as
Edgar Allen Poe's "The Raven," is also filled with symb
Ifyou find inspi netaphors and symbolism of
poem, you might consider reading the poem aloud to the
players before you begin the first story of the chronicle. Then

asthe symbols in the poem appear in the chronicle, the players
will gain insight into the symbols' intended meaning

Suspense

Suspense isan important element in entertaining stories
The element of suspense is discussed in more detail in Vam-
piret The Masquerade, White Wolfs Storyteller™ game of
horror, but certainly deserves some mention here for stories of
magick. There are many storytelling techniques that can be
used to build suspense; we shall discuss them briefly
Timing is perhaps the element most crucial to suspense
When the characters are in a dangerous situation, you must
judge the moment when feelings of suspense are highest in the
players, then unleash the danger upon them. Note that the
danger must be great enough that the players fear it, and they
must be aware that the danger is near ot is comin,
The pacing of the story events is also important when
building suspense. Allow the characters (and players) some
chances to relax, but asthe story builds toward conflict, begin,
to quicken the pace. Your own voice rate should likewise
quicken, and your gestures become more lively; build the pace
toafever pitch, so that when the climax comes, the players are
‘completely caught up in the moment, making quick decisions
that mean success of failure. Sometimes you can cause the

players to create their own pacing by working a deadline into]
the story

Finally, the amount of description you use can suddenly
slow the pace of the story like the calm before a storm.
Suddenly stopping the action of the story to describe some:
thing in excruciating detail automatically causes the players to
assign the object or setting greater relevance and scope. They
will spend hours of real time obsessing about the objec
described, trying to discover why itis special. Through the]
description, you have created a suspenseful expectation in the
minds of the characters. When the object's special nature is
revealed the calm is over and the storm strikes.

The opposite technique is to introduce an object thel
players know is important (perhaps because of foreshadow
ing), and tell them almost nothing abour its properties or
powers. The players wll now use their imaginations to asign
propertiesto the object — properties inevitably ten times more
ghastly than anything you had planned. If you're a freeform,
style Storyteller, you may even take their ideas and use the

Conflict

1 almost felt good inside
"Til the part where the hero died.

Abecedarians, "Panic in Needle Park"

Conflict provides energy and direction to a story — it
provides the characters with someone to fight. Conflict pro+
pels the story by involving. and morivating the characters on
an emotional level. If you

ive them someone to hate they'l
be far more interested in what's going on. Though the charac
ters might not starts the primary participants in the conti
they will quickly become involved by being enveloped in the
struggle. Simply make itimpossible for them toremain neutral

* Traditions vs. Technocracy — The primary confi
in Mage is the struggle between conflicting utopias. Th
Technomancers are the primary Vi eson Earth, a
they grip reality ever more tightly and completely reject thd
quest for individual spiritual Ascension, Conflict with them|
canarise in so many different ways that only brief mention car
be made of the most important. Fun this conflict
is expressed by the Pogrom, the syst estruction of thd
cabals, Chantries, and Nodes of the Traditions by thd
Technomancers. They desire total dominance over earth'
reality, and seek to eliminate all disruptions and interruption:
in their control —in short, to eliminate the chaos they believ
is created by the activities of the Traditions and Marauders|
Each and every time the characters do anything to disrupt this
‘control they risk punishment and death. They can never di
their guard, and must conceal their activities carefully. Thd
Technocracy is not an institution to be tifled with.

* Traditions vs. Nephandi — The Nephandi utopia i
‘one of complete destruction. They work constantly to destroy
‘or comupt the mages of the Traditions, both on Earth and in


the Umbra. Toward this end, they employ both direct attacks
and subtle temptations: many legends of mortal deals with the
devil started when hapless mages signed contracts with the
Nephandi

‘The allies of the Nephandi are no less formidable. Any
‘cabal that challenges them may soon find themselves faced
with ghastly servant-spirts, fomori, the warped and twisted
tbe of Garou called the Black Spiral Dancers, and even.
demons straight from the abyss. For more ideas, see the Book
of the Wyrm (a Werewolf supplement by White Wolf)

‘Traditions vs. Marauders — The Marauders want a
retum to the mythic age — right here, right now, with a
vengeance. While the transition from the last mythic age to

the current technological one has been fas, it has also been

gndual. The Marauders are trying to jump-start the return of
Widespread dynamic magick, andthe immediate consequences
‘an be disastrous. Though a few mages of the Traditions
approve of the Marauders' milder efforts, most meetings be

tween the two factions are viol
* Tradition vs. Tradition — Though the mages of the
Traditionsall hate the Technocracy, by no means do they like

‘one another. Most modem cabals are made upof
but this was not always the case. Many of the old
carry heavy bun , barred
members of other Traditions. Often, general resentment be:

‘xed groups,
ages still

comes focused upon one Tradition or another. Mages of a
single Tradition are then blamed for acalamity, ostracized and,
in some cases, even hunted down. The fear and resentme

created by these occurrences only serve ro increase the level of
distrust.

* Cabal vs. Cabal — Neither are the various cabals
completely at peace with one another. Though generally in
alliance with one another against the Technocracy, some

times conflict and even open warfare can break out between
them. Alltoo often, the carefully laid plans of a cabal interfere
with those of another cabal. Magickal resources like free

become sources of conflict am

cabals. Suspicions of

treason, disagreements over shared nodes, or rivalry over

access to a Chantry can all foster

I conflict.

© Mage vs. Mage — Mages tend to possess excessively

lange egos, and as a result get involved in interpersonal rival:

ties. Antagonism between mages is very common, and most

gossip among those of the Traditions usually revolves ar
who has done what to whom and why. Sometimes these
conflicts break out into open war, and matters of pride and
passion are resolved on the streets. The nature of these
conflicts can range from a disagre

disputes over ownership of magicka

nt over metaphysics to
tomes.

You can either involve the characters in the personality

conflicts of other mages, or even better, create some rivals for

them to hate
‘© Mage vs. Umbrood — The spiritual entities that

populate the Umbra and the Realms are in no way bound by
the same moral codes as h

These entities often

vanity


become involved in the lives of mortals, especially individuals
who havestrong Avatars. Preceptors, Lords, Incama,andeven.
‘Celestines are not above making elaborate plans to trap mages
into service

Moreover, mages can bring destruction down on them-
selves. Magickal experiments occasionally "rend" reality,
allowingall manner of strange entities to manifeston Earth. In
such cases it is the responsibility of the mages to pursue the
‘creatures they have allowed to enter, and remove them from
reality.

‘© Mage vs. Vampires — Vampires pride themselves on.
their dominance over mortal society and influence over the
machinery of the modern world. They believe themselves
rulers of the warrens of stel and glass that dot the planet, and
dislike having their assumptions broken. For the most part,
rmagesare able toinfluence worldculture through highly subtle
manipulation, but sometimes more direct interference is re-
‘quired — itis then that conflict with the undead often occurs.

© Mage vs. Werewolves — The Garou distrust all mages
because of the activities of the Technomancersand Nephandi.
The werewolves see the "wizandlings" as despoilers of their
magickal cams (werewolf mystic sites that can be harvested
for Quintessence), servants of the Wyrm (their word for the
darkness behind the Nephandi) and as the harbingers of the
planet's environmental rape. They tend to shoot first and ask
questions later when it comes to mages. Though many
Dreamspeakers are on good terms with Garou, werewolves see
all other Traditions as ene

© Mage vs. Supernatural — Depending on what other
supernatural elements youchoose to include in yourchronicle,
other forces may also oppose the characters. Awakened crea
tures that have been or willbe developed in other White Wolf
products include the faerie folk of Arcadia, mummies, ghosts,
and the animated dead.

‘© Mage vs. Paradox — Those who continually warp the
laws of reality inevitably build up a reservoir of Paradox energy
within themselves. Increasingly this makes the mage a light-
ning rod for the terrible forces of Paradox. While the resulting
conflicts are often resolved with horrifying swiftness, such is
not always the case. The character (and companions) may
instead become prisoners of Paradox. Freeing oneself from
these reality traps requires uncommon problem-solving a
ties

‘© Mage vs. Sleepers — Unenlightened mortals, or so-
called Sleepers, rarely pose a significant danger to experienced
‘mages. Mages have realized, however, that conflicts with the
‘masses can be devastating interruptions to the mages' own
goals. Ar the very least they can take a mage away from his
studies, o one conflict can ruin a whole month of study.
Such conflicts might involve a reporter investigating the
‘ruenature of the characters' cabal, or organized crime abduct-
ing one of the characters' relatives (and coercing that mage
into service if they realize what the mage is). Pethaps an

unenlightened cult decides it wants to lear the secrets of,
‘magick, and if it can't learn them, no one can. There is also

much drama in the efforts ofa mage trying to get her spouse,
children, parents, friends, etc to accept her new course in life
without asking too many questions.

© Mage vs. Self — Thistype of conflict isbest reserved for
experienced storytelling groups, as it involves more intense
roleplaying and more careful planning. This is an internal
conflict, one that is fought within the psyche of the character.
It is often a schism between the character's rational and
‘emotional sides. Perhaps the character has been unable to
‘mourn the loss ofa loved one, but or Ascension tobe achieved
the issue must be faced. A classic story of intemal conflicts A
Christmas Carol, wherein the character of
formed from miserly to generous.

* Sanity vs. Madness — Mages often delve too deeply
and intensely into the secrets of reality, and subsequently enter
into a state of Quiet (see Chapter Eight). A joumey by the
entire cabal into the lunatic world of the characters imagina
tion in order to slay the psychic manifestation of the mental
illness may be the only way to free the character. Nearly any

rooge is trans-

homific entity may be met within the nightmare world of
insanity. The horror is only increased when the magesbegin to
lize just how real this world of imagination can become.
‘Who knows what lurks behind the thin veil of sanity?

‘© Mage vs. the Unknown — The characters do not
realize who their enemy is, ot who seeks their demise, This
makes i all the more terifying

Advanced Techniques

Below
special effects in your stories. You need experienced storytell:
rs, who are as focused on hi

a number of techniques you can use to create

quality storytelling as they are
good at it, even to consider using any of these techniques. As
the Storyteller, you should have some experience under your
belt before you try any of the following. These techniques are
extremely difficult to play properly and they must be carefully
planned and executed with grace and finesse to work effec
tively. If you employ them correctly, however, you will create
a story your players will never forget

Dream Sequence

A dream sequence may seem clichéd to you because of ts
extensive use throughout modem film. Used properly in a
storytelling game, however, it becomes a powerful tool. The
technique, a itsname implies, is simply a dream that is either
shared by all the characters ors specific to one of them. In the
dream, the characters are either themselves or caricatures of
themselves. Even ifthe dream istharof only one character, the
otherplayersmay stil participate in the dream by assumingthe
roles of the other people, creatures, or settings in the dream,

‘Thedream need noteven be that ofa character. A person
completely unknown to the characters may simply have a
vision that somehow relatesto the charactersand thus mustbe
‘included in the story. The players need never know whose
dream they entered, but the story of the dream should always
be important to their characters.


‘While playing out the dream sequence, you must deter-
mine how much of the dream story the players are free to act
coutand determine on their own. This spectrum of Storyteller
control over the dream sequence ranges from a minute descrp-
tion of the dream, to throwing the characters intoa dreamand
describing what appears while giving players control to do as
they will. Storyteller-controlled dreams are good for foreshad-
‘owing upcoming events, or for establishing symbolism within
the story. Player-active dream sequences are ideally used when,
spirits or other mages are communicating with the characters
through their dreams, orto foreshadow a crucial decision the
characters will have to face at some point in the coming story
Forex: inadream sequence, acharacter must ultimately
choose between saving a child or saving himself, Later in the
"real" story, the same events that led to the character's dream
decision begin to unfold, forcing the ce the
same decision that he made in the dream,

Remember that when storytelling a dream sequence, the
action and settings should be dreamlike. Characters disappe
and reappear from the dream, events happen with no logical
order or low, settings change instantly, and the dreamer feels.
extreme emotions that do not necessarily correspond to what
is happen ve dream.

The setting of Mage includes many elements of dream
that can used to make a dream sequence a direct part of the
story, rather than an illuminating aside to it, The Chimerae
Dream Realms in the Umbra are all based on dreaming, and
the lords of those Realms enjoy capturing mages.

Flashback

While a dream is concemed with how an aspect of the
present relates to the current story, a flashback is concemed
with how an aspect of the past relates to the present. Again, the
characters used to tell the flashback need notbe the characters
themselves, but should be people with an immediate
tw the "real" story.

The flashback technique can be used to explain the
history of ome element ofthe story. Because flashback is past
action, the events of the flashback, or at least its outcome,
should be pretty well dictated by the Storyteller, even ifthe

flashback involves the players' characters. Even though they
are not in control, players will often enjoy flashbacks thar give
eofthebehind-the-scenesincidentsthatspawned

are currently tackling

There are other, more dramatic uses of flashhacks, but
these should be used less often. For example, a flashback to a
certain player character's past can be used to introduce a
Storyteller character from the player character's childhood,
Perhaps the character had an imaginary friend when he was a
young child, and now that "imaginary" friend is visting the
adult character. The visiting friend tums out to be a spirit in
disguise. The spirit needs the character's help and took the
guise of the imaginary friend from the character's subcon
scious, mistakenly thinking it could more easily befriend the
character in such a guise


A Storyteller can also use flashbacks to involve the
characters in a dilemma not of their own making. This sa bit
of an abuse of power, because the Storyteller is forcing the
players into trouble. If this technique is used judiciously
however

the players will forgive the temporary "power of
taken over their characters.

attorney

Parallel Stories

The last and pethaps the most interesting chronicle
technique isthe parallel story. The parallel story technique, as
itsname implies, involvesrunning two (oreven more) distinct
story threads through the same chronicle. The parallel stories
most likely involve completely different characters (so that a
single player takes the role of a different character depending
upon which story is being played), may involve dissimilar
settings, and different, yet possibly connected plots. Only the
cchronicle's theme need remain constant in each story.

Noset rules govern the use of paral
commonly used to provide the players with two different
perspectives about the events ofthe chronicle. Usually, one of

stories, but they are

the parallel storylines may only last one or two stories, and is
actually subsidiary to the main story thread involving the
players' mage characters. During longchronicles, thes
iary stories are excellent tools for letting the players "take a
break" from playing the roles of their usual ch by
playinga completely different role—anormal human, aspirit,

a faerie or virtually anything else. When the players return to

the roles of th
outlook on the role

Depending upon what the Storyteller wants to accom
plish through use of the parallel story, she may wish to create
the characters for the subsidiary story herself and hand them

out to the players. For example, the main chronicle involves
the players' mage characters accidentally loosing some ren
egade spirits into physical reality while trying to cajole the
spirits' aid. The Storyteller then designs a few normal human
characters, such as police detectivesand mystic experts used by
the city police. These she hands out tothe players at th

next
gaming session. Using these new characters, the players go
through a parallel story involving the investigation of a series
of crimes perpetrated by the renegade spits. The next story in
the main chronicle may involve the mage characters hearing
of the crimes

locating the spirits, and destroying them. How-
ever, through the parallel story, the players have seen the
atrocities committed by the spirits, and have hopefully
a new perspective upon the responsibility that goes with the
use of power.

Preparation Style

Now that you have a concept and a few ideas about how
to tell the story, you need to prepare for play. Many freeform
Storytellerssimply start with a core conceptofa story, and rely
on the dynamics of the storytelling game session with the
players to generate the details spontaneously. This method


quires very little preparation, relies heavily on the players to
initiate elements of the story, and requires a lot of on-the-spot
creative work by the Storyteller as the game session progresses.

The majority of Storytellers, expe
upfront story preparation by working
‘autline of the plot. This doesn't mean you should create an
inflexible agenda that the players must strictly follow to
complete the story. Remember that the fun of a storyte
{ame isin its openness and in the ability of the players to affect
the outcome of the story. Locking them into a preplanned
ending defeats the purpose of play. Often the players will find
some path of getting to the conclusion of the story, but don't
be upset if your carefully prepared plot gets blown during the
fintscene of thestory. Infact, if your stories tend torunexaetly
asplanned, you should step back and examine your method of

iced or not, do more

ut a more detailed

storytelling. Perhaps you are directing the players too much
and stripping them of thei fre will,

Thebest preparation is usually to prepare the sett
characters that the player' characters will most likely v
encounter. Inevitably, you will have to make up some ch:
tersand settings on the spot, suchas police, taxi drivers, diners,
alleyw
relatively

Working with the
Players

Accroud is easier to control than an individual. A crowd has
common purpose. The prerpose of the individual is ahways én
question

itand

cetc., but these minor settings and characters are
sy to create as needed.

Orla, Kafka

Always keep the players in mind during
smetimes be difficult, but your
is smoothly as possible into

Dealing with the players can,
goal should be to integrate thi

aspect of the story as much as you can. This means thinking
head and creating a story outline to make sure the characters
and cabal interact well in play.

Such up-front work isrelatively easy. Think through your
stoy'splotoutline, looking for scenes whereall the players will
notbe able o participate. For example, a story during which
‘oneplayer'scharacteriskidnapped, and the othersmust rescue
hin, may sound ikea good idea, but when the story isactually
playedout, you will haveroalternate between dealing with the
‘ne kidnapped character and the rescuers. Each group will
tend tobecome bored while you deal with the other. You can
sometimes utilize advanced storytelling techniques to solve

such problems (for example, allowing the other players to take
therolesofthe kidnappers while dealingwith that story th
and leting the kidnapped character take the role of a police
detective while dealing with the searching characters), but

you will want ro identify and solve such problems before game
play


Itis alo a good idea to discuss chronicle and story ideas
with players. Many experienced storytelling groups never stop
to discuss why they like storytelling games, and what each

player enjoys the most about playing. Players can have very

diverse motivations: to gain a feeling of power through playing
during play, to gain a sense of accomplishment, to solve

problems, to experience strong emot
tobe with friends. Beyond that, some players enjoy stories that
stress dialogue and character interactions; others prefer prob-
lem-solving, convoluted plots suspense, fantastic settings ot

fo compete, OF just

any number of other story elements. Many players enjoy two;
cr three, or all of the above elements, or play for some other

reason entirely. You should understand what the players really
‘enjoy before you design a chronicle and its stories.
Ieisoften difficult to balance the destes ofall the players,

for even within a sit

group a diverse variety of story
elements are prized. However, itis usually a simple matter to
sive cach playera little bitof what she enjoys most. Ifsomeone
isneglected becauseof the eventsofthe

yon that particular
evening, try to base your next story's events and situations
around the goals of that player.

Ieis importane to have ahandle on the group dynamics of
your players. Most storytelling groups contain players who ty
to dominate play and direct all of the attention toward
themselves. You should not reward this sort of behavior. Try
toinvolveeveryone, especially the new or quiet player. Ifyou
don't involve them,

en they will not have as much fun as

ishindening ot

yess vocal that his participation

imply direct the action away from him to
a quieter player by asking what the quieter player' character
is currently doing, or by having one of the Storyteller charac
ters interact with that player's character.

After a Story

After the game session in which your group concludes a

story and sorts out all of the game details (such as the perma
nent benefits or scars inflicted by the events of the story) you
should consider the impact ofthe story's conclusion upon the
larger chronicle. Because stories often end in an unexpected
tisimportant for you todetermine how toreroute the
chronicle into the plotline you desire or re-plot the chronicle

based upon the new developments. Remember that you are
‘weaving a great novel, and no author knows for certain what
every detail of his finished novel will be before he begins
writing
decisions

The nt thing
thenext story inthe chronicle
settings or charactersthat we
Large chronicles c

ers don't have to compensate for player

youbegin design:
romake notes of any
duced into the chron

spawn casts of hundreds of minor and
major Storyteller characters and scores of important settings
To keep your sanity it's best to find a way
everything as it develops in the chronicle. N.


3°x5" for each setting or character) work well because more
information can be added to then later and they're easy tofile,
but most of us can only aspire to be so organized.

Ending a Chronicle

As important as anything else abe
theconclusion. Nomatterhow longand wondrousachronicle
is, true satisfaction from the chain of interconnected stories
comes at its climax. The climactic story for a long chronicle
should be treated as an extra-special gamingsession, scheduled
fora time when all players can at room with
the proper atmosphere.

After the climax to the chronicle, it often helps to wind
down the action with a bit more storytelling in the same
setting, as characters say any necessary good-byes or return
things to a normal state after vanquishing a villain. Once this
isdone, your gaming group should begin discussing the pros
pects of the next chronicle.

good chronicle is

nd and set in

Many times, the Storyteller and players will wish to
continue using the same charactersand settingthat have been
created during the past chronicle, forging these elements into
a brand new chronicle. Players can become attached and
accustomed to their characters, and itis satisfying to experi
ence the growth and development ofasingle characterthrough
several chronicles.

However, the storytelling group should remain open to
other possibilities. Some players may want to try a fresh
perspective and create new characters, while others in the

group keep their established characters. Also, pethaps one of
the players would like to switch roles with the Storyteller, 30
thatshemay design andrun thenextchronicle. The storytelling
group may also wish to consider integrating the new Mage
chronicle with elements from one of White Wolfs other
Storytelling games, such as Vampire: The Masquerade or
Werewolf: The Apocalypse.



‘old man is wrong. The only reward

in the poison is death...but still she accepts it. It burns
her throat. Numbs her limbs. She falls

She stops... far too soon

She knows that th

Amanda on a wall... hanging, falling... on ropes. A
noose for every limb, for neck, for waist — puppet on

strings, on threads... High above, naked, gleaming,

skeletal hands twitch, play
strings, dancing Amanda

mong the ropes... dancing

She clears her head and grabs the cords, pulls herself up,

climbs to the crosspiece. Now the hands have an at

tached body, a figure lost in the shadows of this place,

large as night

The hands stop; the giant stoops to peer
n Sanders' face. As she stares,

n skull, waxes

at its plaything

hollow red eye-chasms
the face wastes to bone, melts to a leade
ain to her own in polished chrome, her own chill smile
as the hands reach out
and I cannot help her
She falls again in a shower of blood, lands broken in her
harness, The puppeteer begins again and Amanda

dances hopelessly. Time passes, perhaps, In exhaustion
she sees things she can't remember. The wall is the floor
Planks too pale for wood line the darkness. The crimson
color, dancing with her. Lights flicker

nd lid. She closes her eyes in futile de-

This may be the end.

splashes chang;

between pupil a

fense, but even blind her vision clouds... then fog b
comes flames and flames become words

if you give up now we stay here

and words come from fire and mist that stand before her:

a girl
Her Avatar is awake: she will live.

She burns off the ropes with her wings, wipes the blood
away with her dress. but the hands won't come clean.
Amanda laughs bitterly from a dry throat.

No angel would be coming for me."
‘The girl smiles and takes the bloody hands, stains her
own, helps the assassin to her feet.

No. But now you don't need one.

And Amanda knows the old man is right.



er Four:

ules

Rebels learn the nudes better
The

Become an expert atthe nes

Kristine Kathryn Rusch, The Rules

The Basics

han the rule-makers do. Rebels
the breached.
break them with creative

and

few and are fairly simple, such as Chutes and
Ladders, while others have many and are ex
tremely complicated, like bridge. Mage has
somethingin common with both types—it has
only afew simple rules, bt these few rules have
a large number of permutations. You need only
evoke the flavor of the game

allowis

reflect the true complexity of real life. This chapter provides
the basic rules of Mage; the number of permutationsis for you

Rulesare like the myths that shape and describe aculture
They define what is important and delineate the possibilities,
nce. Though these rules may seem somewhat st

hat complicated. Once

how to play this gam.

they really aren't al
hem, you'll underst:

concentrate 0

ning these basics and everything else will

Time

The moxantains are themselves mortal. How muuch more so

mere flesh and bl

ohn Ostrander,
The first th
Mage.
ing from the smalles
*Turn — On

m three secor

ectre" (Feb. 1993)

unit to the all-encomy

nit within a scene, anywhere

fro s to three minutes in length. A tum is
enough time to take one action (discussed below).

Scene —One compact period of action and roleplaying
that take

place in a single location. A scene is made up of a
variable number of turns (as many as it takes to complete it)


it can also be completed strictly through roleplaying, which
requires no use of tums

Chapter — One independent part of a story, almost
always played in one game session. I s made up of a number
‘of scenes connected by periods of downtime.

*Story—A complete tale, with an introduction, buildup
and climax, that often takes several chapters to complete.

* Chronicle — A whole series ofstories connected by the
lives of the characters and pethaps a broadly conceived theme
and plot. Ie i simply the ongoing story told by you and the
players

Actions

Besides acting out their characters' speeches and conver
sation players will want theircharactersto attempttoperform,
actions they have described to the Storyteller. An action can
beanything from jumping overa gorge to glancing back to see
ifanyone isfollowing. The player tells the Storyteller whather
character is doing and details the procedure she uses

Many actions are automatic, such as whe tells
the Storyteller that her character walks across the street
toward the warehouse, for instance. All the Storyteller needs
to do is keep track of where the character is and what she is
doing. However, certain actions require a dice roll to deter
mine successor failure,

Rolling Dice

There isalwayschance in life. There's a chance you'll win
the lottery, a chance you'll be audited, and a chance you'l die
inaplanectash, Chance playsarole in Mage as well. However,
wwe ute dice to simulate the duplicity of Lady Luck

Mage requires the use of 10-sided dice, which youcan buy
inany; e.Ifyouare the Storyteller, you will
of dice, at least 10, all co yourself. Asaplayer, you'll want dice
as well, but you may share dice with other players.

Whenever the success of an action is in doubt or the
Storyteller thinksthat there isachance you might fail, you will
have to roll dice. This gives your character an opportunity to
lec weaknesses and strengths exhibit themselves, thereby
revealing something ofthe character's true nature to both you
and the other players.

Ratings

A character is described by her Traits — the innate and
leamed ak es and aptitudes she possesses. Traits are defined
by numbers; each Trait has a rating from one to five, which
describes the character's ability in that particular Trait. One is
lousy and five is superb. This scale of one to five is the "star"
rating system made famous by movie and restaurant critics.

‘You should consider the normal human range to be from
‘one to three, with two being average. However, exceptional
people can have Traits of four (exceptional) or five (superb),
oreven have azero in a Trait (which isextremely rare, but not
unheard of).

x Abysmal
Average
Good
Exceptional
‘Superb

For each dot your character has in a particular Trait, you
get torll one die. Thus, if you had four dors in Strength, you
‘would get to roll fourdice. If you had one dot in Perception,
you would only get toroll one die. However, you almost never
simply roll the number ofdice you have in an Attribute, which
defines your intrinsic capabilities. Usually you get to add the
‘number of dice you have in an Attribute with the number of
dice youhave in an Ability — things that you know and have
learned

Sof the Storyteller wants the players to roll tosce ifthey
notice the patrol car creeping up behind them, he would have
them roll their Perception + Alertness — an Attribute + an
Ability. They would take as many dice as they had dots in
Perception and putthem in theirhands. Then they would take
as many dice as they had dots in Alertness, and put those in
their hands also,

These dice are calledthe Dice Pool, which isadeseription
(of the total numberof dice a player may roll ina single turn —
‘usually or asingle action, though a player can divide her Dice
Pool in order toallow her character to perform mote than one
A player almost always rolls a numbe qual (0
permanent rating (the circles), not its current score
(the squares),

Many actions don't require or even have an appropriate
Ability. An example of this is when a player wants to break
down a door. In such cases, the player uses only an Attribute,
rolling the number of dice listed for that Attribute — in this
case, Strength.

‘There is absolutely no situation where more than two
‘Traits can combine to form a Dice Pool. Only one Trait can be
cused if it has.a potential value of 10 (such as Willpower). This
‘means thata Trait like Willpowercan neverbecombinedwith
another Trait. It is generally impossible for a normal human
being to have more than 10 dice in a Dice Pool

Finally, a character's ratings in her Spheres are never
rolled. Magick is used with other rolls; these rolls are described
in Chapter Seven.

f dice


wis i= nasa Se ere date Sis ata e
Difficulties
You used to think it was so easy,
‘you used to say that it was so easy,
— Gerry Rafferey, Bakr Smet
when you roll the dice. The Storyteller will give you adifficulty
succeed in whatever you are attempting. A difficulty is
always a number between two and 10. You need to roll that
number or higher on at least one of the dice in your Pool in
order tosucceed. Each time youdoso, it's called a success. Ifthe
difficulty isa six and you rolla 5, 6and 9, you have scores
while scoring three is considered a complete success, and
Difficulties me
Th Easy
Six Standard %
Seven Challenging tea
Bight Difficult
Degrees of Success >=
Three Successes ‘Complete
Four Successes Exceptional
Youcan see that if the difficulty is lower, it becomes easier
to score a success, and if it is higher, it becomes more difficult.
The Storyteller will assign bh difficulties whenever the
action you have decided to take is difficult, and will either let
youdo something automatically (because ye and
Abilities are so high) or give you a low difficulty if itis gm

particularly easy

Though they are not on the list above, ye
Storyteller, can also assign difficulties of two or 10. However,
these should almost never be used. Diff
cally easy that youright as well let

as the

ty twos so patheti-

3 player succeed without
wasting time on a roll. Difficulty 10 is sod
fan equal chance to botch (described below) as there is to
player is rolling. A 10
is prety near impossible. On the rare occasions when you do

ule that there is

succeed, no matter how many dice

announce a difficulty of 10, be sure you realize how impossible
youare making the chance of success. Ifaplayerever

the result is automatically a success, no matter wha


Unless the Storyteller says otherwise, the difficulty for a
particulartask salwaysastx. Thisisthe standard difficulty,and
a six is assumed if a difficulty number is otherwise unstated.

The Rule of One

‘There is one last thing about rolling
"rule of one." Whenever you roll a "on
success. It completely takes it away. You remove both the
"success" dic and the "one" die and pay them nomore heed. If
you roll more "ones" than you do successes, a disaster occurs
somethingcalleda "botch" takes place. Don'tcountthe
that canceled out successes, but if even a single "or
after all the successes have been canceled, a botch occurs
Getting a single "one" or five "ones" has about the same result
inmost cases; the circumstances surrounding the borch deter-

ine if itis catastrophic ora minor mishap. Ifthere aren't any
"ones" or successes left, you've simply failed

Automatic Successes

Youdon'twant tobe rolling dice all the time, foritcan get
in the way of the roleplaying. Mage employs a very simple
‘system for automatic successes so players do not have to make

and that is the

it cancels out a

rolls for actions characters could perform in their sleep.

Ie works like this: if the number of dice you have in yo
Dice Pool is equal toor greater than the difficulty, you succeed
automatically. Such a success is considered marginal (the

‘equivalent of only getting one success), so sometimes a player
will want ro roll anyway in an attempe to gain even more
successes. But for very simple and often-repeated actions,
automatic successes can eliminate a lot of wasted time

‘The automatic success rules can be used to eliminate dice
rolling completely, something you willwant tododuring Live-
Action roleplaying. In such situations, automatic successes
aren't a matter of choice. Either you are good enough to
succeed or you are not. Iis simple, butso was Cops‘n' Robbers
and we liked it jus fine. Thestory was what was important and
the rules didn't matter.

This simple system even has a twist, making it not quite
soblackand white. A Willpower point (see the Tr
can be used to eam an automatic success. You won't want to
do this often, but for certain actions it can he very advanta
‘geous to do so. Of course, the Willpower only counts for one
success if multiple successes are required.

When we play, we usually use a combination of dice
rolling and automatic successes. During most scenes — espe-
cially when we're deeply involved in the story —wedon'teven
roll dice, preferring to roleplay through scenes without inter-
uptions. However, when weget in the mood forplaying-a-game,
rather then telling-a-story, we make lots of dice rolls and add
‘many complications tothe rules.

Complications

‘You may have already realized that its quite easy toscore
asingle success, even when you roll only one or two dice. You
havea 75% chance for a marginal success when you roll only
‘two dice and the difficulty isa six. While that may sound too
casy, there are various ways to complicate matters, some of
which arediscused below. Fortroupesheav

intoroleplaying,
simple rolls and automatic successes are enough. Generally,
you will use a complication ifthe players or you want a break
from the roleplaying, f you wanta realistic result orf you want
to make a game out of the scene. Complications add drama to
the story, and create a depth of passion and focus.

Extended Actions

In order to succeed fully, you will sometimes need more
than one success

you will need to accumulate three, or
seven, oreven 20successes (on rare occasions), Anaction that
‘only requires one success is called a
that req

imple action. An action
*s more than one success is called an extended
action. Extended actions are not uncom

but simple

actions are the ones most frequently made,
An extended action allows you to roll over and over ont

subsequent tums in an
succeed. For

tempt to collect enough successes to
stance, your character is climbing a tree and the
oryteller announces that when you roll a total of seven
successes, your character has climbed to the top. She'll get

there eventually, but of course the more times you roll, the
more chances your character has to botch andl injure herself
Ifshe is attempting to climb down the tree because it son fire,
the amount of time it takes becomes exceedingly

portant

‘During an extended action, you can keep trying toobt
t,oratleast until you failtoscore
‘evenoone success. If you botch, your character may have tostart
scratch, with no accumulated successes. The Story-
teller may decide not to let the character try again at all
This type of action is more complicated than a simple
action and should not often be employed in the middle of
intense roleplaying. As the Storyteller, you decide what type
led for. A little bit of experience will serve you
well when employing these nules.

Resisted Actions

Sometimes you will act in opposition to another charac-
ter. Both of you will make rolls, with a difficulty often
indicated bya Trait of the other character, and theperson who
scores the most successes succeeds. However, you are consid-
ered to score only as many successes as the amount by which
you exceed your opponent's successes. The opponent's suc
cesses eliminate your own, just 2s "ones" do. Therefore, itis
very difficult, and rare, to achieve an outstanding success ona
resisted action. Even ifyour opponentcannot beat you,shecan
diminish the effect of your efforts. On actions that are both
led and resisted, one of the opponents must collect a
imber of success in order to succeed completely. Each

successes foraslongasyou


feces above the opponents tor mmber of succenes ina Action Example Description

single tur is added to a success total. The first opponent to
collect the designated number of successes wins the contest

Simple Firearms, Task is completed with
Teamwork Alertness _oneroll. The Storyteller
‘Sometimes characters can work together to colllect suc announces the difficulty
cess, mostoften duringanextendedaction. Atthe discretion and the players roll their

of the Storyteller, rwo or more characters can make rolls eg oes
separatel

and
their

ine their successes. They may never

ate Traits for one roll, though. Teamwork | Extended Running,

Slgreiae Research, _agiven number of suc

es, such as in comba
ingpprey, collecting information and repairing devices. During
others itcan actually be a hindrar in many social

which may require more

roll (thus pro-
viding more chances to
botch).

Resisted Shadowing A contest ofskill between

such

actions (where it can confuse the subject).
The chare below ma
regarding some ofthe different types of rolls that can be made

Trying It Again
It can often be frustrating to fail in wh:
youare having trouble with yc

serve to dispel your confusion

uccesses and the one

the source of the system error, then you're in for an angst with the highest number

ridden time. This frustration is reflected in Mage by increasing - .
the dificuly of any ation if eis tried again ater i'salready | Extended = Arm Two individuals com-
been failed. & Resisted Wrestling pete as in the resisted

action, butbeforeonecan

Whenevera character attempes : a

filed, the Storyteller hasthe option

easing the difficulty

of the action by one. Consider a character who tries to comalate a 'cerraln

number of successes.

"y Mil i Il


intimidate someone. Ifthe first artempe failed, chen it
be harder the second
seater. If tried
Incaseslike chi
intimidate som
an option th

1¢ around, so the difficulty is
third time, then the difficulty is two greater.
hough, the Storyteller might simply rule that

— how do you
That's

oryteller always has. Other examples of when

10 has already called

ga lock (Streetwise), scaling a wall
(Athletics), and remembering a word in a foreign language
(Linguistics).

imes the Storyteller shoukln't invoke this rule. A
ble examp \gcombat. Just
a first gunshot doesn't necessarily m

is issing someone with
an that the gunman is
frustrated and has a better chance of missing Bar afte

the

nanan has missed a couple of times, especialy if they are

easy, close-range shots.
Other examples of when not to use the nule are: seeing

something out ofthe comerof the eye (Alertness) and dodging
an attack (Dodge),

Try It Out

Well, that's it. These are the rules. This system for dice is
all you really need to know in order to play this game. All the

other rulesare ust clarifications and exceptions. Aslongasyou
understand what's been discussed here, you won't have any
difficulty understanding anything else. If yc
you've caught everything, just read the above agair
find ie will ral

more sense the second time around,

Now go ahead and make a few rolls, using the example
character from the other page. Reynold is scanning the room
inanattempttodetectamalevolent Minion thathethinkshas
entered the world of humanity from the Umbra. The Story
tellerdecides theaction hasa difficulty ofseven. Taketi
because of Reynolds Perception of fiv

Jthreedicebecause

cht

of his Awareness rating of three. You should now have

that'sa lot. Youdon'thave much chance
success, asthe number ofdice youhave exceeds the difficulty),
but go ahead and roll; you never know. Look to see how many
successes youhaw

dice in your hand

making suretotake away asuccessfor every
"one" you roll. Did you make it or did you botch? The more
successes you score, the better and faster Reynokd sees the
Minion. Only one success might mean that, while Reynold
can sense that the Minion is nearby, he can't really getafix on

it. Several successes could indicate that Reynold seesitclearly
and can even identify it

Next, try out an extended and resisted action. An ex
pleofthisisanarmwrestlingmatch. Itrequiresan indefinite
series of rolls, each using a different Trait and requiring
different difficulties. You need to accumulate five successes

more than your opponent in order to win. A botch eliminates
all of your accumulated successes.

First rol: Each player rolls Streng

h; the difficulty isthe

opponent's Dexterity + 3 (speed is important at fits).

The Golden Rule

Don't know why you should fee!
That's there's something to learn
[k's just a game that you play

—Al Stewart, "Time Passages"

Remember that in the end there is only one real
rule in Mage: there are norules. Youareplaying an
so justas the rules of

neare the myths that describe
aculture, you must willingtomovebeyondthat cult

to describe your own. You should fashion this
into whatever youncedittobe—ifthe rules get
way, then ignore or change them. In the end, the true
complexity and beauty of the real world cannot be
captured by rules; it takes storytelling and imagination
todo that. Indeed, these rules are not so much rulesas

they are guidelines, and you are free to use, abuse

ignore and change them as you wish.

* Second and third rolls Each player rolls Strength; the
difficulty is the opponent's Strength + 3.

¢ Fourth rol (and all subsequent ones): Each player rolls,
‘Strength; the dificulty is the opponent's Willpower.

Examples of Rolls

Followingare some examples of oll, to provide you with
some ideas on how to incorporate these rules into your
roleplaying, Please note that each Attribute ean work with
each Ability, so there are 270 potential types of simple rolls
that can be made. Admittedly, you will not often roll Stamina
+ Computer, but it might come up.

© You are trying to concentrate on reading a passage in
aa book but there tsa lot of noise and commotion in the hall
outside. Roll Perception + Meditation (difitculty 7). Youneed
toccollect 10 successes to complete the selection.

© Youtthreaten the young man by trying to lft him up by
Roll Strength + Intimidation (difficulty 8)

* An opponent of yoursis winning political support from
others in the Tradition because his carefully chosen words are
making your ideas look foolish. Roll Manipulation + Etiquette

his coll:

(Gfficulty 8) to minimize the damage to your reputation

* You want to break down the metal door that was just
slommed in your face. You need o roll Strength (difficulty 8).
You must accumulate six suc
enough to sip chrough.

* Youfind theremainsofa very humanlike village ina fur
off dimension. Roll Intelligence + Culture (difficulty 9) to
ascertain what these people were like

sses in order to break it open

* You've had a hard time finding the information you
need at a public or university library. Roll Intelligence +
Research (difficulty 6) to figure out where to turn next.


* You try toslip out of your handcuffs. Roll Dexterity +
Streetwise (difficulty 10).
* Theperson to whom you're talking might bea vampire
You need three dots in Awareness even to have a chance to
know; if youdo, roll Perception + Awareness (difficulty 7) 0
* After being questioned for hours, roll
pression to see if you can succes

Stamina + Ex-

fully maintain your story

(difficulty 8). Five successes compl
rogators

* The rabble of people before you is hostile, but also
friendless and in trouble. Roll Charisma +

(ely convinces your inter-

adership (diff
away tolead them fr

culty8) to seeif youcan| peril.

need to collect at least five successes before they'll truly trust
you.

© How long can you remain motionless in the bushes as
the two guards chat for hours on end? Roll S
(difficulty 7)

© There's something strange about the way the two old
men are playing cards. Roll Perception + Enigmas (difficulty

ramina + Stealth

9) to ee if your character can fathom the odd patter formed
by the cards
© Yelling and serea

ing at the taxi get
bim to drive even faster. Roll Charisma + Intimidation (diff:
culty 6)

ver, You

* How flawlessly do you conduct yourself at the formal
dinner? Roll Dexterity + Etiquette (difficulty 8).

‘épponent to back off. Roll Manipulation + Brawl (dif
6). Three successes will cause him to pause

ry
sm, but you can

tty this action only once

* Youattempe toconvince theclerk of the court that you
reallyare the El that youncedto see the court
records. Roll Manipulation + Subcerfuge (difficulty 8).

© You try to analyze what's wrong with the car engine
ffom the strange sounds it is making. Roll Perception +
Technology (difficulty 6).

* You need a few dollars quickly. Which horse will win
the fourth race at the track? Roll Perception + Intuition
(dificulty 6)

* What language is she speaking? Roll Intelligence +
ics to ascertain (difficulty 6),

© Whyare the ravens crying so loudly? Roll Intelligence
+ Awareness (difficulty 9).

© Suddenly, a man pushes crate out of the wan youhave
beenchasing—roll Wits + Driverosee if you can avoid hitting
it (difficulty 6).

Game Terms

Ability: A Trait that describes what a character knows
1nd has leamed, rather than what she is. Abilities

Lin

such as Intimidation, Firearms and Cosmology.


Action: An action is the performance of a consciously
willed physical, social or mental activity. When a player
announces that his character is doing something, he is ta
an action.

Advantages: Thisisacatch al category thardescribesthe
‘magickal Spheres and Backgrounds of a character.

Arete: This important Trait rates how much universal
truth a character understand
casting magick.

Attribute: A Trait that describes a character's inherent
aptitudes. Attributes are such things as Strength, Charisma
and Intlligen:

Botch: A disastrous failure, indicated by rolling more
"ones" than successes on the 10.

ds. It applies several limits on

ded dice rolled for an act

Character: Each player creates acharacter, an individual
she roleplays over the course of the chronicle. Though "char-
acter" could imply any indivichual, in Maga
describe the players' characters.

Dice Pook: This describes the dice you have in your hand
after adding together your different Traits. It is the maximum

s always used to

‘number of dice you can roll in one turn, though you can divide
these dice between different actions
Difficulty: This isa number fromtwo to 10 measuring the
dificulty ofan actionacharacter takes. The playerneedstoroll
that number or higher on at least one of the dice rolled
Downtime: The time spent between scenes when no

roleplaying is done and cums are not used. Actions might be

j
|
Mt

iin ;
HH)

|

made, and the Storyteller might give some descriptions, but
generally time passes quickly

Extended Action: An action that requires a certain
ber of successes for the character actually to succeed
Health: Thisisa measure of the degree that a characteris
wounded or injured.

Paradox: One of the Traits of a mage, Paradox increases
when a mage uses magick thar noticeably contradicts the
ling realy.

Points: The temporary scores of Traits suchas Willpower,

prevail

Quintessence and Health — the squares, not the circles.

Qu

amount of it a mage possesses is measured by the Trait of the

intessence: The truest energy of the universe. The

Rating: A number describing the permanent value of a
Trait; mostoften anumberfromone tofive, though sometimes
a number from one to 10.
Refresh: When poi
said that they
Resisted Action: An action that two differentcharacters
take against each other. Both compare their numberof suc

s are regained in a Dice Pool, itis
The number of points

re being "refreshed,

cesses and the character with the

Scene: A single episode of the story; a time when and
place where actions and events take place moment by mo

ment. A scene is often a dramatic high point ofthe story


Simple Action: Anaction that requires the playertoscore
only one success to succeed, though more succesces indicate a
better job or result

Spheres: The nine divisions of magick that rate how
many aspects of reality a mage ¢

Storyteller: The person who creates and guides the story
byassuming the roles ofall characters not taken by the players,
and determining all events beyond the control ofthe pl

nfluence.

System: A specific set of complications used in a certain

situation; rules to help guide the rolling of dice to create
dramatic action.

Trait: A Trait is any Attribute, Ability, Advantage or

other character index that can be described as a number (in
terms of dots).

Troupe: The group of players, including the Storyteller,
who play Mage — usually on a regular basis.
Willpower: One of the most important Traits is Will
power. It measures the self-confidence and intemal control of
acharacter. However, Willpower works differently from
Traits — it is usually used up, rather than rolled.

nost



c

Before you can begin to play Mage, you must create a

character. However, unlike make-believ
upacharacter as you go along (though the
wth this challenge regularly). Instead, you've got to create a

youdon't just make
rytelleris faced

character before you begin to p
is involved — characters are
compelling, yet honest,characteris
the most experienced among us.
This chapter describes how to create a unique character,

beginning with

into number

neral co

eptand translating this concept
be used in the game. It provides
fnidelines for the players when they create their characters

that ca

This process is very simple andl players can easily figure it out
for themselves, However, the Storyteller should have a good
rsp of the process in order to answer the players' ques
accurately and succinctly

These numbers may not seem particularly evocative. Iris
bard to imagine a novelist describing a character by saying
"She has a Charisma of four." However, these ratings make it
simple to descr

e the strengths and weaknesses ofa character.
More importantly, these numbers allow the random factor

ceated by dice to be employed in relation to the character's

eak down

Character creation usually follows a patter from the
general to the specific. Firs, you develop a general concept of

who and what your character is — is she more socially ot
mentally developed? — and then gee specific by selecting the
ratings of your Traits — how effective are your Charisma,

Manipulation and Appearance? Do not use this process to
create the "best" possible character, that defeats the whole
individual. These

‘numbers are intended to enhance roleplaying, not open an

purpose of making up a really interestin

avenue to some mythical character Hall of Fame.
Character creation is a lot like cooking: you've got to
gather the ingredients, stir and whip them together, and then
let bake fora few hours. Youstart by deciding what
kind of character you want. Are tobe
hardened punk ora rich and somewhat spoiled debutante
youa precocious child prodigy or did the secrets of life reveal
themselves somewhere in the Appalachian Mountains? The
rund and personality of your character are the essential
Jients of his persona. Fro
then start to work out the d

backgr

your basic concepts, you can

fh as Attributes and


Getting Sinrted

You need to be aware of five concepts before
you begin to create your character:

You can create a character of nearly any age
from any culture or nation; however, yoube
the game as an inexperienced and unsophist
cated mage who has only recently graduated
from apprenticeship, be that apprenticeship 2
system of self-inseruction via contacting spirits
for information, or learning at the feet of a
mentor. Your character probably knows relatively little about
mage society unless she was instructed by a mentor in an
established Chantry or cabal.

* Thischaracter creation process was desig
help you define your character as it was to provide you with a
‘means to interact with the rules. The process of
character is meant to help you more accurately focus the
concept of your character. Remember that a character cannot

sdasmuch to

exist only as numbers; your roleplaying must shape and define
n alter ego.

© Thischaracter creation system sa purchasesystem with
absolutely no dice rolling involved. By choosing Traits from a
variety of lists, you decide who your cha
extra points called "freebies" at the end of the process, which
youcan then use toadd dots to any Trait, sodonot agonize over
all your choices. Nonetheless, you may find that, even with
freebie points, you cannot buy everything you want

* A Trait of one is poor and a Trait of five is superb, 0 if
youonly have one dot ina Trait, you are either not very good
or only a beginner. Traits are based on an average human
range. Mages differ from "mundane" humans because of the
extra knowledge and Backgrounds they possess

acter is. You will get

« Itisyourresponsibility tocreateacharacter whofits into
the group. If you fail to get along with the others and disrupe
the story because of it, ou will have to create a new character
Life as a mage is far too difficult for animosity to exist within
a cabal; sometimes survival itself depends on its members
ability to work together.

Role of the Storyteller

Asthe Storyteller, you must guide the players through the
character generation process. After your players arrive for the
first game session, you need to introduce them to the basic
premise of the game and describe the rules system. Your main

Fall im love with a bright idea
And the way the world is revealed to you.
Suzanne Vega, "Fatman and Dancing Gil"

goal should be to make things easy for the players. Ifthey are
beginners, keep things as simple as you can; let them discover
the intricacies ofthe system on their own.

Stare by passing out the character sheets, and give the
players a minute to examine them and ask questions about
them. Then go through the character creation process step by
step, filling in all the details of the character Traits

It is usually advisable to spend an entire
creatingcharacters. Thisensures that players don
that they take the flesh-and-blood
characters, not paper-thin stooges. Once youhave finished the
practical details of character creation, you can spend the rest
of the game session conducting prelude foreach character. A
prelude

feelnshed,

to make complete,

a form of abbreviated storytelling in which you tell
the story of the character's life up to the present. Preludes will

Character Creation
© Step One: Character Concept

Choose Concept, Tradition, Essence, Nature,

* Step Two: Select Attributes
Prioritize three categomies; Physical, Social,
Mental 3)

Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Stan

Deatenty
(Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation,
Appearance

Choose Merial Traits: Perception, Intelligence,
Wits

© Step Three: Select Attributes

Prioritize the three categories: Talents,
Knowledges
Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges (13/9/5)

© Step Four: Select Advantages.
Choose Backgrounds (7),Spheres(5+ Tradition
specialty)

© Step Five: Finishing Touches
Record Arete (1), Willpower(5), Quintessence
(equals Avatar rating)

Spend "Freebie Points"

Skills,


layers' introductions to the chronicle and their char-
addes memorable. The prelude is described
atthe end of this chapter.

Step One: Character
Concept

long term. This
magick your mage pr

Demeanor.

The better you can

Demeanor carefully

Though short lists are given in this chapter, complete
descriptions of the Traditions and th Nature
and Demeanor — can be found in Chapter Six, Traits

character always believed in magick, he co
untilhee ithimself. Thenearby table

© Artists writer, painter, entertainer
# Debutante: intellectual, thril-seeker, con
«# Explorer: archacologist,
* Good Samaritan: social worker, politician, police

man

being
* Philosopher

‘You may develop a character from a concept not on the
chart, butthislisting should help you get started. You may also
combine concepts Just remember that this list exists simply as
tool for you to geta hold on who your character was prior to
bbeinga mage. For instance, you may decide your character was
person who wasn't satisfied with the tidiness of middle-class
life, He knew that something more must exist, so roamed the
country by hitchhiking and subsisting on money eared from
‘xd jobs, until he found a school of monastic mystics. H
at home at the school, so stayed, and he ended up learning
about magick.

The Traditions also list concept suggestions, s0 choice of
Tradition might help you develop your character concept.
Choosing a Tradition is discussed below

The Traditions

The next step, and arguably the most important element

of character conception, is to choose your character's Tradi-
tion. Tradition describes the fundamental aspects of your
character, like how and why he works magick. The nine
Traditions from which you
of Traditions available to mages in the modern world. There
are other Traditions, namely ofthe corrupted mages who form
the Technocracy. Furthermore, some people posses so much

Will chat they find magick without the aid of a Tradi

nay choose represent the majority

Traditions

‘* Akashic Brotherhood: Monastic mystics who
‘once sought enlightenment through so
now returning to the world.

© Celestial Chorus: Spiritual men and women.
who hold a fervent belief in ge

* Cult of Eestasy: Musicians and hedonists who
see magick as both a tool and an escape

* Dreamspeakers: Shamans in the truest sense;
they worship Gaia the Earth Mother.

© Buthanatos: A mysterious death cult largely
misunderstood by others; they have no compunctions
against using their power.

* Hollow Ons

ude but are

tually a Tradition in their

‘on the ambience of the Gothic-Punk world
* Order of Hermes: Hermetic magesofthe We
Jition and the architects of the greatest experiment

of mages.

«© Sons of Ether: Former Technomancers who now

itself.

stretch the limitsofscience with theirmadexperiments.
© Verbena: The primal constituents of life,
especially blood, hold great power for these mages.
© Virtual Adepts: Still nominal members of the
Technocracy, they are the masters of computer
technology

=ssences

Dynamic: They work throughout theirlivesto
master a specific field or complete a certain endeavor
(one that is probably unattainable).

«Pattern: The architects ofthe world; they work
doggedly toward some end.

© Primordial: Their power comes from deep
within — from the original energy of the universe

* Questing: They move continuously through
life seeking knowledge:
to find it.

nd purpose, bur seem unable

However, these nine paths represent the majority of effective

mages.
E.

This step is also very

ence
mportant, for your choice of an

Essence defines much about who your character isand how she
is connected to reality. Nature and Demeanor (see below)

define yourcharacter in human terms, but Essence defines that
aspect of your character that makes her a mage.

Youmay choose your character's Essence, but in the game
reality, the nature of the soul, or Avatar, in the mage deter.

mines her Essence

Essence defines her relation to the overall
wick, and is essential for charting her path to

A magi
nature of m

Ascension,

Your mage may have one of four Essences: Dynamic,
Pattern, Primordial or Questing.

Personality Archetypes (Nature
and Demeanor)

Atthis point you must choose personality archetypes that
fit your conception of both the internal nature and the
‘outward disposition of your character.

YourNatureisthemest dominant aspect of yourcharacter's

true personality, but not necessarily the only archetype that
may apply. The archetype you choose for your character's

"Nature describes the character's most deep-rooted feelingsand

beliefsaboutherselfand the world; it also provides the primary
way through which she replenishes het Willpower Pool.
Choosing a Nature helps you describe who your character
really is in societal terms

You should also choose a Demeanor to describe the
personality your character pretends to possess. This isthe role
she plays to the world, the facade she presents to it. Itshould
probably be different from the archetype you have already
chosen as the character's Nature, but not necessarily. What
ever youchoose is only the character's typical pose; people can
change Demeanor as quickly as they change mood. You may
change yourcharacter's Demeanorat any time,allowingherto
adapt to different people and different situations. Demeanor
has no practical effect on the rules.


Step Two: Choosing
Attributes

Now you start assi

ning numbers. The first step in this
process is to determine your character' basic Attributes. The
Attibutesare everythinga characternaturally intrinsicallyis.
Howstrongisshe? How quick are her reflex

«an she be? Questions such as these are answered by the
characters Attributes.

First, you must prioritise the three different categories of
your character's Attributes — Physical, Mental and Social
You muse decide in which your character is best (primary), in
which he is average (secondary), and

which category he is
poor (tertiary). Is your character more physical than social
ishe stronger than he is handsome?

«Physical Attributes are everything that has anything tc
dowith physical effort. They describe how strong, nimble and
sturdy your character is, and are the primary Actri

Personality
Archetypes

Architect: You are unhappy unless you are creating
something of lasting value

Avant-Garde: Yo

Bon Vivant: Life is meaningless, so enjoy what
there is.

Bravo: You like to be feared,

You need people to need you

usually involves someone doing your work for

Curmudgeon: You're a real cynic and sourpuss.

Deviant: You'e simply not like anyone else
Director: Youhate chaos and take charge to endit
Fanatic: Youhave a cause or goal that gives yourlife
meaning.
Jester: You can't take anything seriously
Judge: You seek justice forall people.
Loner: You are forever alone, even in a crowd.
Martyr: You have the instinct for self-sacrifice
Rebel: You struggle against the status quo.
Survivor: You strugee to survive despite all odds.
‘Traditionalist: You prefer the tried-and-true ways
of doing things.
Visdom is your greatest quest, and your
greatest gift.


action-oriented character — the Physical Attributes concem
only the strengths and weaknesses of the body. Is your charac-
ter powerful, quick footed or hardy?

‘* Social Auributes describe your character's ability to
relate to (and sometimes use) others. Social Attributes are
Vital in determining frst impressions, the character's ability to
ingpireand motivate people, andthe nature ofh
with others. Is your character charming, well-spoken or good-
looking?

© Mental Attributes represent your character's mental
capacity, and include such things as memory, perception and
the ability to leam and think. Is your character insightful,
astute or clev

The concept and Tradition of your character may suggest
to you what your priorities should be, but feel free to pick any
scheme you please. For now, yourcharacter concept should be
very general — it is necessary to paint a broad, sweeping
outline before filing in the detail

All characters start with one dot in each Attribute. Your
priority selection determines how many "dots" you get to
spend in each category. You may divide seven dots between
your character's primary Attributes, five dots between het
secondary Attributes, and three between her tertiary At-
tributes. Thus you may choose to add seven dots to your
character's Physical Attnibutes, five coher Mental Attributes,
ind only three dots to her Social Attributes. The dots may be
divided among the Attributes of acategory as you see fit—you
could assign all three of your Social Attribute dots to Cha-
risma, one dot to each of the three Social Attributes, or two

and one dot to another.

Later

in the character creation process itis possible to
inerease these ratings, so don't worry too much. Let your
intuition guide you.

Step Three: Choosing
Abilities

Abilities delineate what your character knows rather
than what he is; they describe the things he has learned rather

a the things he can naturally do. All Talents, Skills and
Knowledges are Abilities

Each Ability your character possesses is assigned a rating
representing how good the character sin that particular area
This number is used tohelp determine how many dice you roll
when your character attempts to use an Ability. This section
of the rules guides you in determining what Abi
choose and how high or low each Ability is rated,

Abilities are divided into three different categories: Tal-
ents, Skllsand Knowledges. Ech type of Ability has different
characteristics.

* Talents describe all the intuitive Abilities. Talents do
notneed robe practiced perseand cannot be studiedoor learned
from a book; they are most often gained through direct

Alllies: The friends and assistants of the charac-
ter, from mundane Acolytes to magical beasts

Arcane: Mages are inherently unknowable and
untraceable, but how well they can hide from mun-
dane society (and the Technomancers that rule it!) is
determined by this Trait

Avatar: Each mage, and in fact each human, has
an Avatar within her. This Trait measures the size of

the Avatar. This Trait also generates an init
in Quintesser

Destiny: Some mages are destined for greatness

rating

or great loss.

Dream: The character's ability to gather answers
and information from the Universal Unconscious.

Influence: This rates the character's power in
mundane society

Library: A mage's magickal reference books
00d for study and to loan in exchange for favors

Mentor: The knowledge and availability of the
‘one who taught the character what she knows.

Node: Some mages ate lucky enough to begin
with access toa Node, a reservoir of Quintessence that
determines the cabal's mystical might.

Talisman; Some mages may possess items of
power, Talismans, even hefore they begin to explore
unknown worlds and dimensions.

experience. Does your character possess a lot of common
* Skillsarethe Abilitesleamed through rigoroustrainin
cof any sort. This category includes any Ability that must be

learned step by step through actual practice, but that can be

‘taught and studied (unlike Talents). Is your character ood at

leaming things through practice?

powledges include all the Abilities requiring the
usapplication of the mind. These Abilities are generally
cared through school, clases, books and teachers, but ca
also be picked up through experience. Is your character ed

cated; does he have a good memory? Many, but not all, mages.
are Knowledge-oriented.

You must categorize these Abilities in the same way you
categorized the Attributes. You must decide how to rank your
Talents, Skills and Knowledges, choosing in which category
your character will he above average (primary), in which she
will be average (secondary), and in which she will be below
average (tertiary).

You get 13 dots to spend on your character's primary
category, nine for the secondary category, andonly fivedotsfor
the tertiary category.


However, there is one additional restriction: you cannot
give your character more than three dots in any one Ability

(later, however, you can use your "freebie" points to gain fo
or even five dots in a single Ability).

Step Four: Advantages

You do not prioritize or rank the different categories of

‘Advantages. Instead you have a ated number of dots to

sign within each one. Though this number is fixed, you can

purchase additi

Backgrounds

Every character gets seven points to allocate among the
1OBackground Traits. Youhaveonly seven pointsto allot, and

al dots later on using your "frecbi

in some chronicles your choice may be restricted to certain
Backgrounds; the Storytel

rules. Your Bae

er will let you know the ground

und Traits should fi into the general
scheme of the concept originally chosen.

Spheres

Correspondence: Knowledge of space and pos

Entropy: Understanding that all ystems tend to
destabilize and cataboliz

Forces: The ability to command and control the
forces of physical reality, like gravity and radiation.

Life: The spark of life animates existence. Some
rages can control that spark

Matter: The knowledge of how physical objects
are created and manipulated.

Mind: This Sphere allows the human mind's
potential to be unlocked.

Prime: This Sphere governs the fundamental
energy of reality, Quintessence

Spirit: This Sphe
this more basic form of existence, and of the spirit

provides an understanding of

world itself
Time: Time isnot necessarily linear. Mages with,
this Sphere can manipulate time to their benefit

Spheres
specialty Sphere (specialty Spheresare discussed under Tradi
tions in Chapter Six). They may also spend five more points
‘on Spheresoftheirchoice. Spheresare central othe game, for
theyare the basisofall the magickal effects thatacharactercan

Inactuality, Sphetes indicate the waysin whichamage
do mortals. By

understands reality better tha
conjunction with this knowledge, a mage can creat

that mundane people can only call magick.


A mage cannot have an initial rating greater than three
inany Sphere, nor can she have a higher rating in any Sphere
than she has a score in her Arete Trait (see below). Unlike
Abilities, ratings greater than three (or greater than Arete)

‘cannot even be gained by spending "freebie" points. Ratings
higher than three must be leamed from a Mentor, sources in
Chantry, or through the fondest hope of any mage —suklen
enlightenment. However, not even these sources can raise a
‘Sphere score higher than your

Step Five: Finishing
Touches

Often the most important stage of character creation is
applying the lasttouches—the litle derailsand lourishes that
complete the character. In this step you gain your 15 "freebie"
points, enabling you to add more dots to any of the Traits on
the character sheet. Before you spend these points, however,
‘you must record your hase scores for your character's Arete,
Willpower and Quintessence.

Arete

Arete indicates the degree of "enlightenment" a mage has,
achieved. Every mage begis
is what makes him an

with one point in Arete, for this
n the fir place. No Sphere
possessed by ammage may be rated higher than her Arete rating,
$0 in order to have a rating higher than one in a Sphere, you
have to spend some "freebie" points on Arete

Willpower

‘The Willpower Trait rates just how much control
was over herself and her

ase
ality. If she can control herself, then
she can extend that control over reality by exercising her will.
A mage begins the game with a base Willpower rating of five

Additional points of Willpower may only be purchased with
"freebie points."

and Paradox

often related, and are recorded in the
boxes ofaaciren mon the character sheet. A character
begins the game with a base amount of Quintessence equal t
her Avatar rating. More dots may be added with freebie points
(sce below), but these do not represent permanent Quintes.
sence, only temporary, beginning Quintessence. A character
begins with no Paradox.

Freebie Points

You now get your 15 freebie points to spend on any Trait
you'd like to increase. However, this expenditure is not as
straightforward ast might seem. Ifyou want toad adot toan,
Altribute, each one costs five freebie points, while a Back

ground dot only costs one point. Costs are listed in the chart
below.

Quintessen
These Traits

Spark of Life

Thereare other aspects ofa character that can be detailed
in addition to the above. You do not necessarily need to write
these things down, but you should certainly think about them,
—not only now but chroughout the career of your character.

Appearance

Your character's appearance makes her Traits visible to
‘other characters. You should turn the concept and relevant
Traits of your character into aspects of her appearance. High
Intelligence can become a clear, piercing gaze. An explorer
concept could mean the character wears khaki clothes and has
arugzed appearance. Inthisway, youcan make yourcharacter's
ingible and interesting. It is much mote evoca-
My eyesare always unfocused so I always seem to
be staring into space," than to say, "I look absent-minded."

Specialties

‘You may wish to give your character specialties
Abilities. Each Ability in which you hav
more can be given a specialty. Though most players select
specialties for their Traits during play, you can pick them
immediately. Specialties are particular aspects of larger Traits
at which your character is especially good. Simply fill in the
space next to the Trait with an appropriate specialty; sug
tions are made with each Trait in Chapter Six. Though
primarily used for roleplaying, specialties can give the charac-
tera bonus to dice rolls when performing certain feats or can
assist in other ways. Chapter Six has more information about
the use of specialties.

Equipment

If there are any possessions or pieces of equipment you

want your character to have, you should work out the details
now. Otherwise, you will have to acquire the equipment

during the game, something that can take tin
guaranteed to succeed. Almost any piece of mundane equip
‘ment that fits your be possessed. Certain items,
ned by possessing
in this case a Background.

like Talismans, c
Trait

Freebie Point Costs

‘Spheres: 7 per dor
Attributes: 5 per dot

Arete: 4 per dot

Abilities: 2 per dot

Willpower: | per dot
Backgrounds: | per dot
Quintessence: 1 point per four dots


Quirks

By giving your character quirks (interesting personal
interest to him, Write a few sentences on the back of your

character sheet about the strange and possibly interesting
ings that define your character. A quirk could be a twisted
tense of humor, a gentleness toward animals, or a habit of

grunting when answering yes to.a question.

Motivations

Many mages are driven by the desire to understand more
about the world and existence, but even these mages have
that
th of
magick. The more evocative the motivation, the more it will
help define your character. Perhaps your character's father
died while your character was away, so your character never

other motivating factors. You should decide the thi

motivate your character to pursue the dangerous

had final words with him. An important motive in
character's practice of magick, then, could be to find a way to

speak with the deceased spirit of his father

Mundane Identity

A final important thing you should cons
characterisher identity in mundane society. Not all mag
‘completely apart from society. Some Traditions, like the
of Ecstasy, are still very much a part of the mundane we
of Traditions like the Akashic Brotherhood
could have mundane identities. How do you manage to live
this double life

Example of
Character
Creation

Here I stand with all my lore —

about your

slive

Even member

Poor fool, mo wiser than before
Goethe, Faust

character. With a

1c decides it's time to make his first Mage
py of the character cre-

ation outline in front of him b

Step One:
Concept

Isaac must first develop a concept for his char

. He decides he wants to a play a real
weirdo, someone totally outside the bounds of normal socie

3 to work

‘character tied down to any kind of belie
lifestyle, 0 he chooses the hermit concept. This way k
create a character who wanders around seek

He doesn't w

truths in his own way.


The Ascension

Name: Keynold Essence: Questing Tradition: Dreams peaker
Player: T>Aac_ Nature: Martyr Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Fanatie Cabal:
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000 Charisma @@@00 Perception @
Dexterity @00O = Manipulation ©0000 Intelligence 0
Stamina 1@@@0 Appearance @0000_ Wits 0000
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Drive @0000 = Computer. 00000
Athletics_____O0000 Etiquette 00000 = Cosmology.
Awareness @@@00 Firearms 00000 Culture
Brawl @0000 Leadership. OO0000 ~ Enigmas
Dodge 0000 Meditation @@000 Investigation
Expression. 00000 Melee. 00000 _ Law
Intuition @@000 Research. OOOO Linguistics
Intimidation _____OOOOO Stealth Q0000_ Medicine
Streetwise. @@000 Survival @@000 = Occult.
Subterfuge 00000 Technology 00000 Science
Spheres
Correspondence @@@OO Life 00000 Prime @0000
Entropy. 00000 Mind. Q0000 - Spirit. @0000
Forces ©0000 Matter. 00000 Time @0000
Backgrounds Arete Health
AVATAR eecce @@@0000000 Bruised 00
Node @@000 illpower Hurt wo
DREeAm 0000 @@000 Injured 1Q
ALLIES @@000 Baaaan0aga wounds 20
00000 Quintessence Mauled 20
Bo Crippled 50
Combat oe % Incapacitated Q
Weapon _| Dificuly] Damage / eo Experience
a) o
o
cA ° Study Points
i,

_ Aitributes: 7/5/3, Abilities:

Paradox
19915 Spheres: 5 °

Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/4/2/1)___


Next, Isaac looks at his choices for Traditions. He discards
many out of hand because they don't fit the concept for his
‘character. For instance, there's little chance ofamemberofthe
Virtual Adepts becoming the kind of mage Isaac's character
thas become. He decides his best choice is a Dreamspeaker, a
shamanic mage who hears the whispers f the spirit world. This
way the character can have become a mage without ever
leaming from a Mentor.

The choice of Essence is next. Isaac's choice is a little
stereotypical for Dreamspeakers, but no Essence but Questing
really its the aimless wanderer Isaac wantstoplay. Tostrengthen
the impact of this Essence on the character' life, Isaac decides
that the character doesn't remember much of his past other
than what thespirits| ‘toldhim, and even then finds ithard
to separate events in the mundane world from those in the
spirit world. Isaac therefore reasons that the character won't
even have a full name. He goes only by the name of Reynold.

Reynold now needs a Nature and Demeanor. Isaac de-
cides to throw a few wrinkles into the character with his choice
cof Nature. He chooses Martyr. This means that even though
Reynold has chosen to live apart from other people, he still
cares deeply about his fellows and will selflessly give of himself
to protect and nurture them. He is traveling his road to
knowledge alone for two reasons: 1) because he feels it's the
only way to true enlightenment, and 2) it's more difficult, and
martyrs some s make things hi on themselves than
they really need to b

For Reynold's Demeanor, Isaac chooses Fanatic and ex-
plains it by saying that while Reynold really does care for the
goals of other Dreamspeakers, he is not a fired by those goals
as are other members of the Tradition. However, Reynold
pretends to be just as enthusiastic as any of his fellow mages.
This is one of the ways Reynold tries to fit in with other people.
Reynold's Demeanor is likely to change ifhe ever spends too
much time away ftom a large number of Dreamspeakers

Step Two: Attributes

‘The next step is to prioritize Reynold's Attributes. Isaac
makes the usual choice for mages, by selecting Mental as the
primary Attribute category. He decides that Reynold's travels
have made him a fairly fit man, so Isaac selects Physical as the
secondary Attribute category. Social, then, is tertiary.

Isaac firstdivides the seven primary dotsamong Reynolds
Mental Attributes. Because Reynold is so attuned to things
beyond the senses of ordinary men, Perception is the best
choice for many of the points. In fact, Isaac opts to put four
points in Perception, giving Reynold the maximum score of
five (remember the one free starting dot in every Attribute
Trait). Reynold never really makes plans or ever learned to
alter his course, so Wits doesn't seem very important for him.
Isaac thus places the remaining three Mental points in Intel
ligence, making Reynold a pretty sharp-minded guy (score of
four).

The secondary Attribute category is tackled next. Going
back to the idea that Reynold has survived many rough

circumstances on the road, Isaac turns first to Stamina. Here
he places three points, making Reynold a tough guy (four
points). One point goes into each of the remaining Physical
Attributes of Strength and Dexterity to reflect Reynold's
average general prowess.

The tertiary Attribute category of Socialis easy to settle.
Besides, with only three pointstospend, the pointsdon'tgofar.
Isaac places all three points in Charisma to reflect Reynold's
likable nature and friendly disposition. Isaac reasons that
ratings of one in Manipulation and Appearance are okay;
Reynold would never dream of trying to trick someone, and
he's never been able to take care of himself very well while
living on the road.

Step Three: Abilities

Isaac must now prioritize Reynold's Abilities. Instead of
doingthisrightaway, Isaac scans the character sheet and starts
checking off Abilities he thinks Reynold should have (he does
not have a free starting dot in every Ability Trai as he does
with Attribute Traits). It soon becomes clear that most of the
points are going to be spent in Knowledges, so Isaac chooses it
asprimary

Reynold hasno real memory of where he gained some of
his Knowledges, but he does possess them, all 13 points of
them. He's learned a lot about people by traveling around, s0
three points go into Culture. Though he doesn't interact with
people very often, Reynold still knows about their beliefs, so
‘wo points go into Cosmology. He has reasonable knowledge
of the Occult, sotwo points are used there. A very puzzling part
of Reynold's past is his ability to speak a number of languages.
‘Three dots in Linguistics means he can speak three languages
in addition to his (native?) English. Isaac spends his three
remaining points by placing one each in Law, Medicine and
Science.

Isaac chooses Talents as his secondary Ability category.
He has nine points to spend here. This makes sense since
Reynold haslived by the seat ofhispantson the road. Reynold
got his start as a mage by communicating with spirits and the
like, so Isaac figures the character must have a good score in
Awareness. Three points go there. Streetwise would also
reflect some of Reynold' experience, s0 two points are spent
there. Two points in Intuition and one each in Alertness and
Brawl round out Reynold' Talents.

With only fivepointstospend in Skill, Isaac must choose
‘carefully. Reynold's contemplative nature makes Mediation
a good choice, so two points go there. Somewhere in his past
Reynold leameda litle about driving so another pointisspent.
in Drive. The last two points are spent in Survival, reflecting
Reynolds ability to endure adverse conditions.

Step Four: Advantages

Next comes the category that defines what Reynold can
actually do as a mage. First, he has seven points to spend on.
Backgrounds. Isaac knows he'll want more than seven points
worth of Backgrounds, but must wait until he spends "freebie"


pointstoacquire more. For now, Isaac makes
the Backgrounds that most obviously
Three points go into

powerful aptitude for
because he never

re Reynold has
ne the character.
vatar, because he knows he has a
gick. Two points go into Node,

out of Quintessence. The other
n, fora connection to the world

wantst
tseo points are spent in Dre
of greater thought could gi
much of what he knows.

Isaac then moves on to Spheres. He knows he will have

aclue to where Reynold learned

more points in Arete ifhis Sphere ratings go over one,
bur thar can be done with "frechies." Isaac also knows that no
‘more than three ofthe six points may be placed in one Sphere
(sixpoints because he receives five to spend and receivesa free
‘one toallocate to the specialty Sphere of his Tradition), With
thisin mind, Isaac goes to work after markingdown theone dot
in Spirit Reynold gets by virtue of being a Dreamspeaker,
The veryfirst Sphere choice couldhelpexpl:
Reynold. Withaj
could have u

‘slotabout
sood knowledge of Correspondence, Reynold

‘nowingly traveled almost anywhere on the
globe, so three points go there. Isaac decides Reynold must
know a little about the source of Quintessence, so one point
goes into Prime. The final point is spent in Time, as an odd
Perception of ime could also help explain why Reynola's past

Touches

Isaac records one point of Arete and five points of
Willpower on Reynold's character sheet. Reynold's Avatar
xund automatically gives him three points of Qu
sence. Hecan gain more Quintessence du

es
the freebiepoint
ots in the Avatar
Background or by directly buying Quintessence (see the
Freebie Point Cost table). Asa starting mage, Reynold has
Paradon.

stage, either by purchasing additional

Now Isaac gets to spend his 15 "freebie" points on
Reynold. First, Isiac spends
points of Arete, givit

tht "freebie" points for two
ral of three and making the
That
leaves Isaac with seven points. Isaac goes right to Backgrounds
because he w

purchase of a rating of three in Correspondence

sto purchase more of those Advantages, Isaac
adds another point to Dream and then spends two points on
Avatar. This automatically increases his Quintessence Pool as
well. Isaac decides that Reynold occasionally receives advice

he the denizens ofthe spirit world, two points

spent on

rn Alllies, which Isaac decides are minor spits.
Finally, Isaac

cides to spend his last rwo "freebie" points to
increase Reynold's Willpower to seven.

Normally, nore detail could be added to anew character,
butIsaacthinkshe hasa pretty good ideaof whoReynoldisand

what he wants. Besides, too much information would actually
work against the character in this case, a8 a large pe
Reynold's strangeness has to do with his mysterious past. Such
details are best left to the imagination of the Storyteller and
future stories.


Looking Ahead

Itis never too late to give up cur prejudices. No way of thinking
or doing, however ancient, can be rusted without proof. What
everybody echoes or in silence passes by as rue today may tum out
to be falschood tomorrow, mere smoke of onion, which some had
trusted fora cloud that would sprinkle ferting rain on their fields
What old people say you cannot do, you try and find that you can.

Ol deeds for old people, and new deeds for new
Henry David Thoreau

In the process of creating a character, youhave
hopefully become ready to roleplay that char-
acteraswell. Animportantpartofthe character
creation process is the attachment that devel
cops between you and your character, enabling
youtoplay the role creatively and with purpose.
Nurture your empathy for your character — if
sheisatall different from you, it
naturally

The process of character creation does not end with the
beginningof the first story, foracharacternever stops growing,
changing, developing and maturing. As the chronicle
progresses, create new personality traits and historical d
Use your experience wisely to develop your abilities. Seek to
build your character's Willpower and increase her Arete, and
always, always add more and more flesh tothe bare bonestlisted
on the character sheet. The true essence of the ch
nly be captured in your roleplaying; it can never be listed
upon the characters

"Most importantly, you should think of ways in which the
penonality of your character might change because of the
things that occur in her life and then guide her in that
Let her determine her own fate. Never force her to

ight notcome

direction.

The Prelude

fall into your earlier conceptions of who and what she should
be. An angry Deviant who leams to control his rage, or an
aimless Loner who gains a sense of hope can be a beautiful
thing —especially ifthe Storytellercatcheson ro what you
doing and builds a subplot around it.

Ifyourcharacter ever bores you, i's probably because you
hhave not developed and changed her enough over time.
Ideally, the character simply grows more real as you play inthe
chronicle, developing asa character and asa person. The way
in which a character changes reveals as much about that
character as the way she is described. A character in a short
story is rarely a real and complete as one in a novel — there
simply is not enough time for proper development. Make your
characters as complete, vital and interesting as you possibly
can throughout the course of the chronicle.

Novelists often speak of characters in their books coming
pulated or directed by the writer.
This type of character stands out from the page and says,
"Leave me alone, I'm real"; he then does as he will, regardless
of the author's original intent. We can lear much from this

refusing to be m

experience —itisthe epitome of what makes agreat character.

Just a minor operation
To force a final wltimatiom
Joy Division,

Our past defines us most clearly, for it best
indicates what we might become. The purpose
of the prelude isto give each character a past so
the future might be told. Ir is, in fact, a form of
‘one-on-one storytelling in which the story of a
BY characer's ite thus fais told
AM ‘Theprelude isa way to create character biogra-
phies before the chronicle actually begins,
allowing characters to live out their lives prior
tothe moment when the fist story starts. It is quite similar to
normal play, except that many years are compressed into a
tcies of rapid-fire decisions

aders of Men"

AA vital part ofa character's background is the creation of
personal history, which is one of the things the prelude does,
best. Ircreates a sense of where a character grew up and what
her lifewas like. The personal biographya player creates in the
prelude will he relevant throughout the chronicle, and you
may well refer to it frequently

The Right Technique

ch player undergoes the prelude alone. Itisone-on-one
unless two or more characters were friends and spent a lot of
time together before they were mages. While you, as the
Storyteller, spend tr

with each player separately, the rest of


them can socialize and start ¢
ahead, Antic

get excited about what lies

ation can make a story blossom.

During the prelude you will need to direct
much more than usual. Give him lots of decision

rush everything and don't gi o think. You
ed to play through things quickly, unless you are w
ble tospend more tin

im much time

lingand

(which can enabled
ailed characters). Charac
bat during the prelude. If they d

creation of very
2% the
character die before the

you simply descr

resultsofany fights (youcan'thav
game even begins!)
During the time youset aside for the prelude, be sure to lee
the player havea chance to interact with both the setting and
the rules. Ifthe player wants to change a few Traits during the
prelude, you should let him, as lang as itis dor
reason and not as an attempt to create a super-character.

‘There are many waysto progress through acharacterslife
any way that helps mold a complete characteris fine. During
the course of the prelude, you will want to explain the full
background of the character, including the origin of her
Talisman and the identity of her Mentor (both are Back
grounds discussed in Chapter Six). The player should have a
firm idea of the details of her Background Traits.

Youshould play through one

mote typical scenes from
the characters life to give the player a sense of how the
character lived. You can get the player into her life as a mage
by showing her the bland tedium of the character's mundane

existence. Remember, itisthe mundane that

vesscope tothe

i flight back to
has taken a lot out of you and you are anxious

It can proceed something like this:
San Francise
tomake it back to you

apartment. Unfortunately, you landed
in the middle of rush hour, so you jockey through traffic all the
way home only to find your elevator is down again. You climb
the five floorsto your apartment but ae only greeted by a door
with an eviction notice. Didn't the landlord get your rent
payment? You pushed it through the slotbefore you left 10 days
ago! You try your key anyway, but the locks have been

changed. There's got to be more to life than t

As you describe things, let the player interrupt with her

wn ideas and details concerning what is going on. You are

thep

tellinga story together, so tre
in alsc

ger more like a partner,
hat provoke the player into

nclude d

the emotions of her character — "Your father is in a

acter joins a C
pitalanymore. Her
but the characterm
in. The player needs to feel a pr
whelmingsense oflossin orderforthe ruepc

rofthe prelude


Questions and
Answers

Described below are some questions that should be an
sswered by the end of the prelude. If there is no time fora full
prelude, you should at least make an effort to answer these
questions. [t often helps to write out the answers, even if you
have undergone the full prelude

With each question

lise what sorts of things the player
should ask himself, as w some advice to the Storyteller on
how to run the prelude in relationship to the question.

*How old are you?

How old are you now? How many years has it been since
you finished your basic training in magick? Do you look either
older or younger than your actual years?

It is often easier to apply dates to events in the prelude
after the prelude is over, bt itis also worthwhile to establish
some important datesfor the character during the prelude. The
prelude should beginx at one of the important dates for the
character, preferably an event in his youth. One main purpose
of the prelude is to put the character's life in perspective, so
setting
effective

* When did you first realize that
you were different from most
people?

Have you always been able to do things that other people
didn't understand? Were you punished for being different?

‘When did you realize that you were more than human'? What
did you do that helped you decide?

ly dates and establishing character age are very

Ie is important to give a character a sense of herself as a
child, and especially a sense of how her childhood may have
been diferent from the one the player knew. It is very
important to the development of the character to determine
when she first realized that she could do things other people or
"other kids coukln't. Did she keep this knowledge:
it impossible to do so? How people, especially the character's
parents, reacted to any special and strange powers should be
important ro who the characteris

The character's childhood is always important because
it'spossible ro create many story hooks. Maybe you

similarities among the childhoods of all the characters ofthe
chronicle, Maybe they were all helped at some time or other

by the same mysterious stranger.

+ When did you first encounter
magick?
‘When did you firs realize that other people were special
like you? Did you see someone elsedo strange things before you

realized that you could? Did the magickal person or event
become important ro you in other ways, or was i dismissed as

unexplainable? Were you afraid of magick? Did seeing magick
make you even more curious to find out why you were
different?

The mannerin which acharacter reacted to magick upon
seeingit for the frst time could have shaped much about him.
If the first experience was with a Paradox spirit, then perhaps
the character has a deep-rooted fear of working magick that is
‘two powerful or vulgar. The player knows what she is seeing,
but the first time a player encounters magick in the game
should be a memorable experience for her and her character.
Develop the mystery and strangeness of the situation for
maximum effect

* Who was your Mentor?

Did you seck out a Mentor? Did your Mentor approach
you tosee if you wished to learn more about magick? Was your
Mentor kind? Stubborn? Wise? Do you still know your Men-
tor!

Teachers have an incredible ability to shape the lives of
the students they instruct. This is particularly true for young
students, buteven agrown-up will have hisattitudes shaped by
aninstructor. A character's Mentor should have a huge impact
on the character, for good or ill

Youwi the Mentor if she is still a part of
acter's life or ifthe character has chosen the Mentor
Background. The character's Mentor may have been respon
sible for much more than simply helping the character gain an
erstanding of magick. Carefully develop the relationship
between the Mentor and character.

need to

* How do you feel about
Sleepers?

‘Are youbetter han other people because youknow more?
Do youfeel burdened by yourknowledge and wish foranonym.
ity among Sleepers? Are Sleepers important at al, or ae they
just cartle to be used as your magick demands? What do you
think of mages who help or hurt Sleepers?

The attitude a character has coward other humans is very
imporeant to the focus ofthe chronicle. If most of the charac
ters are simply power-driven and care little for using their
powers to better the plight of common people, then your
stories should either avoid using Sleepers as hooks to get
characters involved in events, of should try to show characters
the error of their ways by involving Sleepers in crucial ways.

A mage could be considered a superior human, for he
knows more about the world and has the power to change the
world, The truest test ofa person, though, is how such power
isused Sucha disregard for leepersiswhy the Technomancers
are so ridiculed. Would the character join those ranks?

+ When did you meet the others
in the Cabal?

Do you get along with the other characters? How long.
have youknown them? Did you meet in a Chantry or another


Ie'simportant, but in the end not necessary, that
ters be compatible. Many good stories can be bas

mages' rivalries; infact, such stories could be microcosms of
how mages have mishandled the development of mankind for

centuries.
However, few players will wantto spend eight hours every
Friday night arguing with characters played by their friends.
More stories, and more entertaining stories, are possible ifthe
characters cooperate, It'sthusimportant toestablish meaning-
ful connections between characters. Perhaps they share the
same Tradition or Mentor. These links have to be more than
ng

he characters, and the best time to establish this kind of

Jements of the chronicle. They have to mean son

+ Where do youlive now?
Do you live in a Chantry? A Node? Have you founded
Many stories can be told about the characters' abode or

about events that take place nearby. It's thus important to

establish this residence. If the character lives in a Chantry or

Node, where is it located?

*Do you continue toleada
mundane life?

Do youstill interact with people

uu completed your magickal training? Do
ds know that you are a mage? Do other
mages know about your moonlighting in mundane life?

Derails of a character's mundane life can be very impor
tant tothe chronicle, Countless stories can be hased on events
in the character's mundane life, like the problems created by
juga
his
‘magickal life secret from mundane acquaintances, things can
be difficult.

ore than one kind oflife. Ifthe m

ndane existence a secret from other m

+ Have you run afoul of the
Technocracy?

Are there Technomancers who know too much about
che Tech:
nocracy? What have you done to rouse the ire of
Technomancers?

you and your family? Did you think about joini

TheTechnocracy seemsdetermined todestroy any mages
capable ofaltering the reality they are working sohard tocrect.
Ifyour characterhasrun into the Technocracy, he may already
be marked for elimination. The New World Order may have
Men in Blackon yourheels. Yourcharacter'sstanding with the
Technocracy is very important to the pacing of the chronicle.


* What motivates you?

‘What guides your life asa mage? Do you seek vengeance?
Enlightenment? Adventure? Do you wish to leave your life as
‘a mage behind and rerurn to your simple mundane life?

Being a mage is hard work and can mean a lot of
responsibility. Not everyone, even those capable of practi
magick, are cut out for the task. Those who do remain m
have a good reason, a serious motivation for not letting up or
givingin. A real, complete character isone with definite goals
Goals are important to the player, so he has a sense of where
ter is going, They are also important to the Story
as they give her an idea of how the characteris going to
setthere. A character's Essence and Nature should play a lange
part in determining goals

* How did you achieve
enlightenment?

‘What was your first enlightening experience? How did it
change your life? If your Arete is greater than one, how was the
additional enlightenment achieved?

Seeking Arete isa major goal ofthe game, and is certainly
the preeminent requisite of achieving Ascension. The means
by which a character frst overcame her world-view and saw
tmue reality are extremely important. Other occasions of such

insight are very noteworthy as well

The Cabal

‘Therearealso some questions that should be answered by

all players, afterall characters have completed their preludes
Get everyone together and

ickle these

* Where is the cabal based?
In what city or country is the cabal located (San Fran-

cisco, London, Delhi, Bali, Mongolia, the Great Barrier Reef)?
Doall the members have their own homes and libraries, or do
they live together at one location?

+ Does the cabal have a Node?
Where's if located?

Areall Nodesin the same building, orare they scattered
around an entire city? How many of them does the cabal
possess (determined during character creation, by chosing
Node asa Background Trait)? In what sort of locations are the

Nodes located (cellars, museums, bookstores, occult temples,

churches, steam tunnels)?

+ Who are the Acolytes?

What mundanes does the cabal keep as retainers and
assistants (called Acolytes)? Acolytes are acquited through
the purchase of the Allies Background Trait. How are these
mundane aids treated?

* What are the goals of the cabal?
What are the goals for which the characters strive, and
what central motivation unites them (survival,escape, Ascen-
fe a Chantry, attack the Technocracy, destroy an

Wh
ths and weaknesses (Technomancers,

resentful mage, human cultists, werewolves, vampires)?



Traditions
Man makes his world, or is crushed by the worlds made by

Denning & Phillips, The Foundations of High
Magick

Most magesof the World of Darkness have organized into
groups collectively called "Traditions." Nine of these Trad
tions are described in the game, though there are afew others,
and one group of mages called the Hollow Ones (not a true
Tradition) is presented as well

Traditions are one of the greatest inventions of mages.
These groups allow mages of like mind and like aspirations to
gather and cooperate. WithoutT:
times as long to in ind teach potential mages, M
innovations of mages are tied to the Traditions and would be
unable to operate without the Tradition structure. Foci are
good examples of such innovations.

Each Tradition is described in the same format. The
format, and a description of the information contained with
each item, is as follows

Introduction: A general description of the Tradition
and its history begins each section

Philosophy: This isa statement of how members of
the Tradition view magick, orhow they fel magick, magesand
Sleepers interrelate. I isthe best description of the "personal-
ity" ofthe Tradition, though the philosophy presented i taken
from the mouth of a pethaps overly stereotypical member of
the Tradition

Organization: Th
the Tradition have c

describes the way the mages of

sdtheir ranks. Some Traditions are
very iconoclastic while others have rigid and established ways.

Meetings: Most Traditions have regular meetings or
all those who can attend. Attendance is sometimes manda-

Initiation: in order to become an official me
Tradition, a

ofthe
wdidace must go through an initiat
tial candidatesformembership and some detailsof the initia

itself are presented in this sect

Chantry: Members of
throughoutreality, buteach Traditiox
embers ofthe Tr

‘one central Chantry
n. This section gives
about that Chantry.

Acolytes: Exch T:
sentspecificsey

wlition's Acolytes typically repre-
asforthe Acolytes

‘Sphere: While any mage may use any Sphere of
th Sphere is typically associated with the Tradition
has utilized it best and with the greatest vanity. That


Sphere is listed here, andall mages of that Tradition autor
cally have one dor in it.

OC Each Tradition relies on certain itemsor practices
inorder for the magick used by its members tobe effective. For
example, a Dreamspeaker must have a feather handy in order
touse magick related to the Spirit Sphere

who might join a certain Traditio

Forexample,analchemist
concept for one type of mage of the Onder of Hermes.

Quote: This is

ppical member of th

ply something you might hear a
¢ Tradition say.

Stereotypes: Most Traditions feel that their ways
are best. Here is presented each Tradition's view of the others.

"Akashic
Brotherhood

Whilethe Akashic
unchs
tremend

essentially
for many centuries, its philosophies have had aj
smpact on the human race. Zen, and all of it
mystical cousins, were founded by the Akashic Brotherhood
The recent spread of the philosophies of the Akashic Brother
nd to the West has caused much concem on the part of th

hethood hase

the Brotherhood proposes as the antithesis of the m
lifestyle they seek to instill among the world's populace. This
issurely no accident on the part of the Akashic Brotherhood
For over 2,000 years the Akashic Brotherhood has hel
thesame course. The aimsof the Brotherhood often seem anti
intellectual. This makes ithard for many ofthe modern}

world to accept the Brotherhood's answers. Still, none wha
cencounterthe Grand Mastersof the Brotherhood can deny thd
serenity and self-acceptance they find.

The way of the Brotherhood is more than philosophy i
is experience. The Brotherhood believes that only througt
experiencing one's innermost self can one become enlight
cofone'sEssence. Togainenlightenment

Gr
ee enedandia

members of the Tradition practice an art known as Do ("Th
Way," pronounced "doe"), Do is an amalgamation of marta
arts and meditation. The Brothethood's members belie

Pits continued practice helps a person achieve enlighten|

f ment
Members of the Akashic Brotherhood striv
nment of Do as part of a
unhurried way of life. While intenton achievin
a desired end, they do so with an equal mixtut
smor and sobriety. They seck to understany
elvesand offer the path of Do toall people, but lif
can still be joyful
Inrecent times, with the spread of such enemiesasthy
Technomancers, the martial abilities of Do have
of necessity used offensively. Such combat ma
well prove necessary. Because of the very me
attitude Brothers have toward magick, they tend tos
into Quiet more ofte Thehobgot
lins they bring hack are often very devious
malicious. A magemay unknowingly leave trou

behind in an areashe thought shehad just relieve
of a burden.

Philosophy: Be, do not do. Breathe if
Breathe out. Notice your breath, how it is i
you, how i flows. Feel the life force that is i
you; feel how it changes as you breathe. That
the Do, the way. It is nota thing to be leame:


extension of our breath? Magick is just as unseen, and just
necessary to sal, Ir doesn't matter if you were bon small, or
lange,or powerful, orpowerless. Achieve thissmall success this
breath, and you will have taken a step beyond anyone else
Breathe. Be, donotdo. The infinitesimal realized isbetterthan.
the grand unfulfilled.

Organization: The Tradition
tery-like Chantries. These Chantries are usually in remote

ized in

Meetings: Membersofthe Tradition typicallyliveand
work ata Chantry. Here, daily life is organized as dictated by

Do, so every moment of every day is effectively a mee

Initiation: New members are chosen from those who
have proved themselves worthy in any of the practices tha
a part of Do, like Zen, martial arts or yoga. Despite the

Tradition's name of "Brotherhood," female initiates are cho-

sen as often as men.

Chantry: Membersofthe Brotherhood share the know!
‘edge of a hidden

Acolyt 3 Zen

nonks, spiritualists, Buddhist scholars

untain monastery in Tibet.

Sphere: Mind

me, Punfica
apo Life/Matter

Concepts: martial artist, wandering wise man, Zen
nk

Quote: "First you must leam the craft of
magick. Then forget the craft and embody
the art of living through Do."

lestial Chorus — They seek wisdom muchas
‘mankind can be but a part of or key to the
divine, not the divine itself
© Cult of Ecstasy
have achieved some part of the truth or just the
satiation of their inner desires?

How can they know if they

* Dreamspeakers —They should not look out
side of themselves for the answers.

‘* Buthanatos — A person should control hisown
destiny, nor have it decided for him by those who feel
he has more to lea. All people are ready forthe first
steps of De

* Hollow Ones — They are aptly named. They
will never reach Ascension or even self-acceptance
until they can find a center for their tho
feelings

* Onder of Hermes
themselves with their cha

‘* Sons of Ether — Their interest in comprehend:
ingtherealityposible through science iscommendable,
but they would do best to reconsider before they trap
themselves as has the Technocracy.

# Verbena —The
the forms around them. They should look within.

ual Adepts — They seek a vision of reality
to hold before man, but it must come in its time and
cannot be forced.

They separate magick from
s and tables

ce too much in the beauty of

Celestial
—= Chorus

No Tradition has lost so much over the last thousand]
the Celestial Chonus. The rise of technology has

damaged this Tradition more than any other. Members of the|
Celestial Chorus view their magick and power in a religious
framework and seek the means o return to the embrace of hd

One.

Tothe Celestial Chorus, his One isnone other than thd
combined mind and desire of all mankind. For reason
unknown, this One granted herself life
fragmented herself many, many years ag. Itis the dury
of the Chorus to make all people again sing with ond

voice and gather to share the wisdom that life haj

subsequently

taught them.

More than any other Tradition, except perhap
the Akashic Brotherhood, the Celestial Chorus is con
ccemed with the well-being of all men and women. Th

‘Chorus seeks to protect humanity from the my
of the universe. Some members feel

evils head-on is one reason the One granted herself life
Members of the Chorus have therefore taken up arms very
" They are ver
effective and determined foes, though sometit

militaristically to battle the forces of "ev

8 their fervol

10 far and beings not deserving of such treatmen|

ably punished. Rumors hi

has go

wurfaced of dun}

were inexplic
sgeons full of "heretics" the Chorushas punished as part of a fou
Inquisition,

Members of the Chorus believe that a great cosmological

implosion called the Reconciliation is coming or must
initiated. The Reconciliation will recombine the fragments o|
the One. The particulars of the Reconciliation are not well
understood, but the event seems to involve all ofthe Realm
within the Tellurian recombining with Earth in a great juxta
positic

Al members of the Tradicion carry a holy symbol in th
the Sun. This was the home of the One prio

of re

stylized ima
to the fragmentation, and is where all mankind will retur

when the Reconciliation is complete.


Philosophy: Asthe One isabove,sowe are below. Life
isapreciousgifttharthe Onchasgivenus.Ithasgivenusvoices
sothat we might sing. We sing in harmony, not as a sacrifice
butasa hymn, a chorus reaching out to the Source, the Light
of AllLights, che Unmoved Mover. One day we will rurn and
tee the thousand stars below us, and we will shepherd those
suis all the way to Ascension. We will guard and guide
Humanity until thar day comes, working to spread the Song
the One has given us.

Organization: The Celestial Chorus is tightly orga
nized intoa hierarchy reminiscent of many organized religions
All members are expected to follow the instructions of their
superios as those of higher rank are by definition privy to
deeper secrets of the One. As all members share the same
general fervor concerning thei task, there are rarely problems
ofdissension. However, the very nature of the C
does create ambition in its members. The ensuing political
‘maneuvering sometimes diverts the Tradition's attention,

Meetings: Nightly meetings punctuate the lives of
members ofthe Tradition, but the major meetings occur every
Saturday

Initiation: Members of the Celestial Chorus require
fouryearsof schooling in the history and ways ofthe Tradition.
Attheend ofthis he candidate may accept vows making
him a member.

Chantry: The Celestial Chorus has placed its Chantry
in the holiest of cities (from a Wester perspective, anyway)
— Rome

Acolytes: Red Cross workers , TV evangelists and

their viewers, the faithful

Sphere: Prime

Fock Fire Prime/Spirit, Holy Symbol Forces/Mind,
Pure Water Entropy, Song- Correspondence/Life/
Touch-Matter

ime, and

Concepts: witch-hunter, priest, theologian

Quote: "Friends, all of you are I. You
speak of joining minds, but our thoughts
speak only of my myriad ability to think all
things at once. Together we are I, and I will
answer the riddles life allows us to pursue."

Stereotypes

* Akashic Brotherhood — Each person at base
has the same truths, so why do the Brotherhood's
members all seek different paths in their Do?

* Cultof Ecstasy —Delinquents! Mankind needs
guidance and they do nothing but escape into dreams
of pleasure

# Dreamspeakers — It is easy to think yourself
ig that isso close. It takes courage to

far removed from what you are.
‘ Euthanatos — There isa bit of the darkness in
god. Those who follow this Tradi-

part of so
accept that you

every being, €
tion are the darkness in my soul
'* Hollow Ones — The fire inside has obviously
‘gone out in our youngest brethren. They are not yet
beyond rede
© Order of Hermes — They try to quantify that
which cannot be counted.

they must come to us.

of Ether — The science they practice isa
grim reminder of the outrageous ideas thar allowed the
re of

Technocracy to begin its ascent to power. We
this slap in the face,

serves mankind, not the reverse

© Vireual Adepts — They at least show the

‘courage to break from their kind, but they pursue mere
shadows of the truth.



Organization: The Cult has a strange, anarchic
[uasi-onganization. Most of its members constantly travel the
‘orld, but certain Nodes have been established as havens,

ee that aC

Jowever, there is no gu

inyone upon retuming to a given location — Cultists are
totoriously nomadic and unreliable. Cultises make notori
wusly poor Chantry members

Meetings: Cultist tend ohold meetingsand ceremo-
wound to warrant such an exercise.

Inifiations: There is no set procedure for becoming an
righest-ranking Cultist determines an appropriate ceremony

itual toa three-day, nonstop mountain trek.

Chantry: The base Chantry of the Tradition is located
n Berkeley, California, the home of many who yeam to push
he fringes of society

Acolytes: entertainers, playboys, thrillseckers
Sphere: Time

Fock: Incense~ Correspondence/Spirit, Music~ Forces/
Mind, Ring- Eneropy/Matter, Vice~ Life/Prime/Time

Conceptsemusician, Hollywood agent,primitivedrum-

‘Quote: "Why do yousubject yourselfto
such pain? Leave your life behind and em-
brace our ways. Oh, my existence may seem
carefree and pointless to you now, but that
is only because of the indoctrination you
have accepted for 30-plus years."

Stereotypes

* Akashic Brotherhood— They waste years in
meditation to reach what we achieve out of joy.
© Celestial Chorus — Warped and petty dictators
of a lost and forgorten tyranny
© Dreamspeakers — A lot like us, except they
don't like to party
* Euthanatos — To forsake life for death? Dis-
* Hollow Ones — There isso much good in life
so much they have forgotten.
* Onder of Hermes — They're t00 serious and
* Sonsof Ether —This is whar science oughtabe:
geles and Frankenstein,
They throw really great partes
J there's a purpose behind every one

© Verbena

* Vireual Adepts — These guys are cool. Check


Dreamspeakers

The Tradition known as the Dreamspeakers is probably
themostancientofthe Traditions. Many ofthe Dreamspeakers
methods and philosophies were developed by prehistori
cultures. The Dreamspeakers are primarily concerned with thy
salvation of the earth spirit they call Gaia.

Dreamspeakers can best be described as shamans.' In

deed, many members began their studies of magick throug!
the lore of their own people. They fee! an obligation nots
‘much to other humans, but to the desires of Gaia. The
believe that the world and everything init, including a
) Q

humanity, are reflections of the desires of Gait
Dreamspeakers actively work to advance Gaia's will
care with Gais

1} In their efforts to communi

Dreamspeakers pursue every possible course, The mot

H rewarding thus far has been communication with spiri

nd entities in the spirit world — beings that obvious!

know a great deal about the true nature of reality.

The obligation of Dreamspeakers in the Sleeper worl

// istocare for the spirits of men and women, enabling them t

J) rejoin Gaia at the time of death. They may be a little to

Jf connected to Gaia, though, for their fortunes have mirrore
the health of th Just as the planer is slowly bet

crystallized through science, $0 t00 at nspeaker

‘The dreams have faded and the roots of their power are no

ited. Many mages of this Tradition have simply gone insar

Dreamspeakers are pethaps the most loosely organized
A, all the Traditions. In fact, the only organization they wou
seem to have is a recognition of new members and @
obligation to initiate these members when they seek suc

a ceremony. This loose structure has all the strengths
‘weakness one would expect. The Dreamspeakers have tl
potential toaccomplish many goals fortheirenergiesarer
channeled in any specific direction. Consequently, howeve
they retread mach of the same ground. Dreamspeakers oft
unknowingly "discover" somethinganother may have learn

last week — or last century

Philosophy: You must remember a time when y.
were not dead, when the places within you that are wild at
free were just another part of the great Dream, Gaia's Dreat
‘You must know that there are others like you, others who ¢
in the night because they cannot feel Her light. [tell you t
ause itis your job to go to the place where our Mother li
sleeping and carry to us the words of her dreams, You mt
speak for Her, forshe cannot. Youmust go, and quest, and fin
and retum. And then you will speak of Her, and tell us all,

Organization: Dreamspeakers have almost no org

nization beyond simple mutual acknowledgment of o

ae


Meetings: The only ritual meetings are the ceremo-
nies to initiate a new member. Only one Dreamspeaker is
required to oversee such a ceremony, though others are wel
come to attend

Initiation: New Dreamspeakers are summoned to their
pathrarely can a person choose to become one. The potential
member is contacted in his dreams by spirits who show the
‘andidate how to contact another Dreamspeaker. Once in
contact with another Dreamspeaker, the candidate must suffer
ritual death and rebirth. This process varies from one
Dreamspeaker to another, it has been known to involve the
actual death of the candidate and the transferal of her Avatar
to another body. This practice has only recently begun; many
consider the mages' connection toa dying earth the explana.
tion for their Euthanatos-like madness.

Chantry: The Dreamspeakers are unique among the
Traditions in their lack of a Chantry. They claim to speak to
one another in dreams.

s, sleepwalkers

Sphere: Spice

Fock Crysials- Life/Mind/Prime, Drums~ Correspon:
dence/Entropy/Forces/Matter/Time, Feathers~ Spirit

Quote: "Gaia is sleeping. Be cert
mortal, that you trouble her sleep. I ease
such nightmares."

Stereotypes

\kashic Brotherhood — They know that the
answers are within them; now they must leam thar the
truth also connects them.

‘© Celestial Chorus —They sense the connection
but still seek to attribute it to a greater, unknowable
god

*# Cultof Ecstasy — They claim to search for true
meaning in life, bt they only avoid it by dulling their

 Euthanatos — They overstep their bounds and
play with the pieces of Gaia's dreams. Men are meant
to live once and then pass on their Avatar.

* Hollow Ones— More than any others, they are
the clues to awakening Gaia and finding the path to
Ascension,

* Onder of Hermes — We number them among
the Technomancers, for their magick is nothing save

a progression of rules and restrictions that ult

© Sons of Ether — If science offers any true
answers, we must rely on these mages to find them.
However, they ae likely to find nothing and so walk
the same path as the Technocracy, only at a more
pleasant pace

* Verbena —They understand the power of Gaia
but are trapped at the level of forms. They must go
beyond trees and blood.

Virtual Adepts—Technomancerson the path,
to recovery. They again look at the illusions of the
world. Unfortunately, they still seek to use them


The Euthanatos is the most ruthless and widely feared]
\. Tradition. The mages of this bizarre cult have historically
had little interest in cooperating with other mages. They}
are preoccupied by what they feel to be their sacred duty]
to the Sleepers — killing those who are ready to die.
Mages of the Euthanatos feel that humanity has contemp-
tuously spurned the greatest gift the universe has ever deigned|
to grant — life. Instead of using life to an even greater end]
hi
by sucking it dry of every possibility. Humanity is running oud
of options, so the Euthanatos mages seek to provide mord

nanity, in the opinion of this Tradition, has perverted lif

options by retuming certain humans to a more fundamental
rental

levelofexistence, spirit form. Thesespiritsare then
reborn into new bodies. With any luck, they retain som
memory oftheir journeys and will hopefully apply this in thei
nexttlfe. Oftentimes, these reborn people become members of
the Tradition

Few other Traditions take so active a hand in the lives of

people, for most mages are more concerned wit}
sweeping changesaffecting entire cultures. The granting of th
Good Death, asthose ofthe Euthanatoscalli, isthe Tradition'
g the same end,

individu:

way of achi

There are rumors, though, that there isan ulterior moti
behind the Good Death, Some say the Euthanatos have le
.everal mortals through many lifetimes and in fact are groom
ing anew messiah. Others tel stories of the abominations th
Euthanatos have bred — human and otherwise, Som
‘mages even blame this Tradition for such soctal aber|
))) rations as serial killers, claiming that the Tradition]
blind manipulation has created men and women whi

} {think like the mages but on a human scale.
Because of the Tradition's interest in redemptio}
andextended life, the mages of the Euthanatosare extreme
sm and pursue information about thy

interested in vampir
Kindred with a passion.

Philosophy: Things fall apart. Fact. Everywher|
theclockofchaos tickson. Tick, tock. Tick, tock. Isitan]
DY) wonder that we spend a third of our lives dead? Is it an
wonder thatlife decays, purrefiesand retumstothe ime th
birthed it? You can see it all around you. Rust. Cance
Revolution. We think we know the answers, but wedon't. W
don't have to. One night, the sun won't rise, the wind won]
blow, andwe'lldiscoverthe real truthofital:thereisno Truth
and everything we have made will crumble to dust

Organization: The Euthanatosare guidedby conser

the Tradition thus requires frequent meeting|

Individual Chantries are responsible for carrying out th
decisions of the Tradition as a whole, but the decisioy
themselves are the duty of all members.


Meetings: The Euthanatos meet at their Chantry on
the first day of every month. Atthese meetings they discuss the

progress of their mortals and consider others for the Good
Death,

Initiation: The initiation ceremony of a new member
always involves a near-death experience. Poised on the edge
between life and death, the spirit of the candidate must make
the decision to escape to the Beyond or return to the respon-
sibiltiesof the physical world. Those whoretumare welcomed
as members. Candidates who have experienced the Good
Death are sometimes exempted from this initiation, though
theEuth
weaker member

ps generally hold that failure to participate results

Chantry: What better place to investigate death than

in Calcutta, India? The Euthanatos have several groups spread

throughout the city, and one main Chantry amidst the squalor
an misery. The strong influence of the Euthanatos in
of the world isl
umation,

Acolyt

sts, doctors, grave

xely responsible for the bel

voodoo priests, occule storekeepers, terror

Sphere: Encropy

Fock Bones~ Entropy/Matter/Prime, Dancing Corre
spondence/Spirit, DollLfe, Ratle~Mind/Time,and Weapon
Forces

Concepts: voodoo witch-doctor, mortician, assassin,
doctor, scholar

Quote: "Come, little man. Let me show
you the kind of world you have helped
create. You think you control it? Let me
show how it can be used against you. Pain,
death and torture are your legacy. How
proud of these are you now?"

* Akashic Brothethood— Those of the Brother-
hood live ives of purpose; never have we encountered
cone who required the Good Death. Wealso respectthe
personal power they wield.

© Celestial Chorus — They attempt to diminish

ssigning their
weigh them down.

* Cultof Ecstasy — How they delight in the clay

their physical forms! Ifthey were mortal, none would
be considered for the Good L
and be gone... forever.

*  Dreamspeakers — Their expert communion
with the spirits is teaching them what they should
now, but they have a problem with impl

© Hollow Ones — They claim to be one with
death and decay, but that's fallacious. It is indeed
amusing to watch the reaction of their sheltered psy
ches when confronted with the real thing

'* Onder of Hermes — They skillfully define the
parameters of the physical world, but their magick is
ultimately of litte use.

+ Sonsof Ether —Livingproof that science could
be a valid means of exploring reality. They squeeze
every drop of information out of ideas tossed too
casually aside by the Technomancers.

* Verbena — They are so close o understanding
us. If they could but see the power of life in death, and

 Virrual Adepts — Do they think they can live
‘computer only eats their souls and leaves them abso-
lutely nothing.


Though not an actual Tradition of magick, the Hollow
Onesarea breed of young n that have grown significantly
within the past 15 years to become a notable force in mage
society. The Hollow Onesare the envy and inspiration ofevery
goth-punk in the World of Darkness. They are a reaction to
and a result of the oppressive forces of the modem world
HollowOneshavelittle' andare thought
by other Traditions robe signposts, notsign-bearers, of Ascen

retest in Ascensic

The Hollow Ones are for the most part separate pockets
of tightly knit fiends. They are usually found in cities, but also
exist in the suburbs. Around the mid-'80s, they began to find
cone another in significant numbers, and the frst oftheir cabals
(they call them Cliques) started proliferating. These punk
covensare usually found in graveyards funeral parlors, churches
and nightclubs. The point of these gatherings isto share the
itence and have fun at the same time. Hollows
mature (experientially) at the age of 13 and carve out a niche
cof perfect freedom from school, job and family matters before
they even consciously realize they are using their magick.
The Hollow Ones are just one subset of a larger group
known as Orphans, mages who have Awakened on their own
without the help of other mages. While this is the principal
reason why they are distrusted by the Traditions, ic also makes

them valuable allies against the Technomancers, for they are
underestimated and well hidden.

The Hollow Ones are generally defeatists by overall
policy, yet this attitude never seems to get in the way of doing
good deeds or entertaining themselves. Unlike the Sleepers,
the demographics of the Hollowsshow more gothic taint th
punk: for the most part, they are not the bullies and criminal
who plague society. Instead, they ae fish who swim peacefully
in that violent environment. Their Ascension is adark thing
tied to a deep narcissism.

Philosophy: Ascension? No such thing. It's a cat's
cradle—nocatandnocradle,right? A lie tokeep going. Well
the Orphans don't need the lie, especially not us Hollowers
Weedon't need to keep going either, except that there alway:
seems to be great new music in the nightclubs. So che
procession lurches on, and weren't the flowers on the casket
just so exquisitely beautiful' Ascension? Okay, maybe. It's

flawed world, butsure,itean Ascendin itsway. Maybe
the Garden of Eden would have Ascended with grace anc
beauty and goodwill forall mankind, but this

Organization: The Hollow Ones recently
ted aKing and Queen, the two prettiest goth:
mongall the Cliques. The leadersof the five

n'tEden


orsix biggest Cliquesare known asPrincesor Princesses. Every
Halloween the royal" Cliques throw a huge Ball during which
the leadership roles (except for King and Queen, which are
"until death") come up for election again. The winners are
chosen by the most influential handful of Orphansin aCique,
and a glass slipper (usually a powerful magickal focus) is the
trophy

Meetings: Each Clique holds a Midnight Mass at the
Clique headquarters Saturday night, which usually devolves
into aparty after the biggest decisions are out of the way. The
electoral Ball every October 31st is never to be missed, ifonly
because that's the biggest party ofall. Other meetings are held
at the whim of each individual Clique; itis customary to have
1nimpromptumectingafter each important funeral (for fellow
Hollowsand Sleeper human friendsalike). Inter-Clique meet

ings occur rarely, ifat all, and few nationwide Orphan policies
are ever enforced — so far
Initiation: No such thing. Upon enteringanew Clique,

Hollow Ones are sometimes taken to a cemetery where the

snvatest number of previous Clique members and hangers-on
are buried, and are told to commune with a ghost at random,

then they must commune with a hot local singer while she

sleeps.

Chantry: The Way Down, a

hic church/nightclub

Acolytes: Blood Dolls, runaways, nightshift workers

Sphere/Foci: Hollow Ones have no special Sphere
and require no foci, but they do pay a higher price for all
Spheres (see Chapter Eight).

Concepts: Blood Doll, occultist, artist

Quote: "My tongue carries the taste of
blood and the dust of bones, an ashen elixir
tochoke my lover as I scream my kiss deep
inside her soul. I guide her gently into the
Sepulchre of Ascension."

Stereotypes

‘¢ Alashic Brotherhood — Mysticism is an es-
cape, not a rescue. The real world is frantic and ugly
How can you dig through dire withour getting dirty?

* Celestial Chorus — The Godhead lie isn't a
bad one in theory — it's as good a lie as science or
magic — but in practice it often weakens the souls of
those who approach it incorrectly

* Cult of Ecstasy — Ah, now these folks have a
clue! Ifonly they could appreciate the darker things in
life

# Dreamspeakers — They make perhapsthe only
strong case for the tendency to eschew the here-and
now, but after every spirit trip high you need to feel
that crash back to the low for comparison.

The world of dying things is a
rose-garden funeral of sores; these mages wish to tour
itinabulldozer rather than on foot. Still, heydobring

* Euthanatos

the party with them, don't they?
© Order of Hermes —The dull
school taken to the Nth d

ayothigh

probably

1c. These a
the same people who memorize and count out their
dance steps

‘Sons of Ether — Interesting ideas, great atmo-
sphere. The only problem is their tendency to spend
nights in the lab instead of in the clubs.

© Verbena — They seem right on target, but
approach existence in a more rural sense than we do.
Reality is blood and sweat, and the Verbena do not

elves into thinking it's cleaner
Their world is
antiseptic, to be some good mood
behind it — style over substance may be just as
accurate an assessment of things as our own milieu

delude then

© Virrual Adepes bit too

but there seem


The Order of Hermes is the embodiment of what ha
come tobe regarded asthe Western occult tradition. The basi
tenets of the Tradition were established in ancient Egypt; the
have since continued to evolve, diverging into dozens «
splinter groups. Groupslike the Hermetic Orderof the Golde1
Dawn and systems of magic like Enochian and the Kabbalal
are the results ofthis experimentation. While these groupsanv
methods have sometimes continued to exist on their owr
most have been reabsorbed once th

The Order of Hermes has quantified many levels «
ties. Infact, this process seems to be it
ie is then to be applied for the benef
nust b

usefulness passed.

magick over the e
purpose. This know
of mankind as a whole, though such applicati
an lest his

implemented beyond the notice of
ignorance destroy the Order.

The magick of the Orders expressed in arcane language
profoundmetaphorsand esoteric numerologies. Magick inth
form is easy to record and pass to later generations so they m:
build on the work and understanding of those who cat
before, Such nomenclarure also serves the purpose of makir
the magickof the Order unintelligible to the other Tradition
The Order is the most secretive of ll ofthe Traditions, so th
safeguard is important

The Order of He
another Order of Hert
allowed to operate in direct sight of mankind during tt
Middle Ages. The failure of this experiment has caused th
Order of Hermes to withdraw farther, because its membe
inthe Order
a dark need to summon and control malefic creatures

1 was responsible for the creation
hat experimental magickal grot

attribute the failure to internal corruption wi

Now the Order wavers, fearing retaliation from the oth,
Traditions should it again attempt to exert influence on tl
mortal world. Some other Traditions view the complex
merology and astrological formulas of the Order to be litt
better than the structured reality model of the Technoct
Suill, the Order produces some of the most powerful
and so it is wholeheartedly accepted into the Traditiot
Ascension army,


alllevels?Ourstrength isthe strength of our Tradition, and we
will never give it up

Organization: Though there
those in authority control every member. To:
the Order has established the most rigorously on
tion.

Meetings: The meetings of the Order adi
schedulethatreflects the alignment ofthe starsin the heavens
Ceremonies are held every day, but the
these ceremonies depend on the rarity
hand. Other numerologically important dates (like the im:
pending close of the millennium) warrant special rituals as
well

re toa

se and importance of

Initiation: New members are welec
of Hermes only one time per year. The

wed into the Order
‘of the induction
ceremony is the day of the most important conjunction ofthe
year. The Order generally believes that the most promisi

initiates are those inducted on days of more
junctions, so the Order tends to view its initiates as classe
with classes from certain yea

al tha

having more poten
others

‘Chantry: Most of the Chantries dominated by the
(Order are found in Europe, and the main Chantry islocated in
Condoba

Acolytes: mathematicians, members of secret org
zations (Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, CIA, etc.),

Sphere: Forces

Foc Spirit, Language— all Spheres, including
those with another focus (Linguistics Ability required), Seal of
Solomon Forces/Prime, Showstone~Mind/Time

st

Concepts: Alchemist, Kabbalist, scien

Quote: ‘Trust me on this matter as you
would in any other, for I can tap a reservoir
ofknowledge beyond yourcomprehension."

Stereotypes

* Akashic Brotherhood — Ofall the others, they
have the greatest potential to find some degree of
enlightenment. They are sufficiently organized to
recognize truth when it appears.

* Celestial Chorus — They accept far too much
on faith alone. We will believe their claims only when
they deliver proof

* Cale of Bestasy — Certain experiences
undoubtedly noteworthy, but itis best to study the
experiences in others rather than practicing them
upon oneself. How can one report in an unbiased
fashion about something one has personally under-

© Dreamspeakers
magick is evident in ¢

The powerlessness of their
c thousands of years they have
practiced tono noticeable gain. Are they mages at all?

* Euthanatos — While we cannot respect their
callousness toward life, we do respect that they have
Jefinite goals and work to achieve them.
* Hollow Ones —Contemptible. These bastards
of magick have no place among true mages.

* Sonsof Ether —They adhere tothe limitations
of science without reaping any of its benefits, Theit
procechures don't allow them to make the categorical
decisions and divisions that classical thought entails
They are too fractious to enact any
mchanges, and their beliefs aretooreligiousto
allow movement toward higher thought

* Vireual Adepes — Computers could be put to
useful work, but generating false images of reality is not

Verbena:
long-n

the answer.


This Tradition has an unlikely origin. It began with an
Islamic scroll that made its way into the Spain of Alfonso X
("the Wise") in the late 1200s. Theking'stranslatorsin Toledo
stumbled across it during their mammoth task of translation.
The scrolls said to have contained radical departures from the
science of the Europeans. The Muslims of the time studied a
more advanced science, but the scroll is said to discuss things
unknown or inconceivable even in the Islamic homeland

The information in this scroll sparked something in the
head of the translator who strugeled with it (it's quite a
coincidence that the scroll was assigned to hitn!). Ie detailed a
belief very similar to the Meraphysic of Magick. The scroll
claims that empirical observations do not depend on the
observed, but on the observer. All observations, even those
that others might call objective or factual, are in fact based.
upon the beliefs of the observer.

This fundamental belief led the unknown translator to
form a secret society. The society espoused the study of reality
fas a means to find what each seeker desired. The society's

experiments served to create a science based on an invented
reality model. Unfortunately, some early mistakes caused
membership to plummet, and the society became an under
ground phenomenon for centuries. The translator apparently
stuck to his instinct, though, for a group called the Sons of
Ether appeared in the early 19th century, Its members created
life from the assembled limbs of dead bodies, swapped thoughts,
between two bodies, and even traveled to the moon buoyed by
the ether they knew was in "space."

"The Sons of Ether have long maintained a policy oftotal
separation from society. They work feverishly in their hidder
laboratories, occasionally sharing with one another the new
scientific phenomena they have created. They seck to build ¢
new science, one based on their own theories and occasionally

incorporating theories that mankind has discarded.

Only over the course of the last century have the Sons o
Ether grudgingly accepted the term magick to describe what
they do, and have begun to interact with the other Traditions
There isafierce rivalry between the Technocracy andthe Son:
of Ether. The Technocracy views the Sons of Ether as lunatic:
who scavenge the lost branches of disproved scientific theory

stunt

By imbuing new life to these forgotten concepts, th
the old theories into thoms in the side of the Technocracy
They squeeze every drop of information out of ideas tosses
aside too casually by Technomancers.

For once, the Technocracy may be right, at least witl
regard tothe Sons' mental stability. There are whispers amon,

seneration in a Russian laboratory. The same rumors say that
the resulting obscenity is kept under lock and key by the
Tradition.

Temightbe noted that though the Tradition is named the
Sonsof Ether, it does welcome female reality scientists into its
ranks. The women within the Tradition have been campaign
ing for a revision of the name, with little success.

Philosophy: The Technomancers are cowards. They
are afraid to go where their inner vision takes them. Now
people can't even see that another science — another math-
‘ematics, biology, physics and cosmology — ispossible. We will
not accept the yoke of conformity and stupidity that the
Technoma . We will not allow them

ers would have us wi
to turn our fine and graceful ma
formless engine. Call the process magick if you wi
decide how ourscience should operate and develop it to be s

Organization: Sons of Ether ae loosely onan

‘each continent through anon-hierarchical structure simi

‘hine into a matte-black,

colloquium of university science professors. They commun
cate through a scientific journal called Paradigma, trading
thoughtson each others' experiments and reporting their own
work. Most status within this Tradition comes through suc
cesful experiments
Meelings:AllSonsofEthercongregate oncea year (or
more often during crises) to discuss the current direction of

experi lar work
meet more often to collaborate.

Initiation: Normally, a Ph.D student whose thesis is
wed too radical by established science, yet who clingstohis
research despite institutional rejection, is selected to join the
Sonsof Ether. Often, one of the members of the Tradition will
become interested in the thesis work and slip the prospective
initiate a copy of the original Islamic scroll. If the prospect
responds well to the scroll, the Son will gradually bring the

tation. Specialized groups conducting

initiate intothefoldand tutorhim in the waysof the Tradition,

Chantry: France has long been an intellectual capital
ofthe world. These seekers of a new science have gathered in
Paris.

Acolytes: inventors, eccentric people, mechanics

Sphere: Matter

Fock Abacus—Correspondence/Entropy, Electriity-Life!
Prime, Ether Goggles~ MindSpirit, Scientific Meter~ Forces!
Matter/Time

Concepts: mad scientist, absent-minded professor,
gadgeceer

Quote: "Real science, the true picture
of reality, will not come from the dead-end
laboratories of the Technocracy, but from
true paradigma experimentation."

* Akashic Brotherhood — Interesting people
buttheirviewsare only aphilosophyofhuman life,not
a theory of reality

© Celestial Chorus
caught up in a theological wheel that keeps winding
down but hasn't yet stopped. They don't realize from
whence their beliefs are derived.

* Culrof Ecstasy
to discuss these

A bunch of dogmatists,

Be serious. It'sawaste of time
onsensical faddists.

*# Dreamspeakers — A fascinating anthropologi-
cal study. | wonder how a specimen would respond
under bera-wave induction.

‘* Euthanatos — A group too radical to be safely
observed for study. Use caution with them.

* Hollow Ones
chise so many isnot the science we want. These n
would find more meaning in a world built on our
truths.

# Orderof Hermes—Wecouldleam somethings
from this group, and often do. They at least have a
systemaric approach to their studies, though their
interpretations are hopelessly skewed by the arcane
gobbledigook they use for technical vocabulary,

© Verbena — A primitive order whose sole pur-
exe in life seems to be relishing in biologically based
rity

disenfran-

A science that c

© Vireual Adepts
be used in experimental collaboration. Although they
seem to stay open to paradigma experimentation, we
‘must beware of their links to the Technocracy.

Very useful. They can often


The Verbena are

ve witches a bad name in Sleeper society.
‘Witches have been persecuted for cent

ies. As long ago as the days of ancient

Rome, Sleepers believed that

witches transformed into beasts, destroyed

= crops, and gave people the "evil eye." This

view of witcheshas gradually softened, espe
cially now that more of the authentic nature of
\Wiken i undentood. Behind the seen though,
the Verbena continue their ma
abated.
Verbena believe in the power of the self tc
overcome and und fhrough group interac

tion. They believe in the power of mankind. Verben:
understand, however, that humanity as a whole will never
achieve the proper awareness unless it is assisted (even if sak
assistance is against humanity's will and contrary to prevail
ia thus work toingratiate themselves te
modem society through new kinds of witchcraft. Expo
surcofthe Tradition' strue practices wouldbe extremely

damaging to the Verbena's efforts
Much Verbena magick comes from the natura
onstiruents of lifeare the mos
and create the most poten
and lasting effects. Blood, whether from peopl
nely powerful and is promi
almost all Verbena gatheri

Tree sap and the juices of plants are likewis
important to Verbena, and Verbena as resul

usually excel at herbalism
Outsiders accuse Verbena oftree
in the center of every Chantry ist

worship, fo
(usually at
coak). Trees, however, are simply foc for the power ¢
the Tradition. The Quintessence gathered by Verben:
images i stored in these so-called World Trees, a are th
protections and powers gained through their rituals, Becaus
of the bloody aspects of these rituals, Verbena tree
particularly crimson hue after a time. The power of aV
coven can be gauged by the age and color of its World Tree
‘The Verbena understand very well thatthe body rules th
mind. The lusts of the physical shell cannot bedenied, and thi
blunt, unassailable ruth forms the foundation of the Tradi
tion. Physiology defeats ideology, and the Verbena are m
ofall things carnal.

Philosophy: The power isthe blood, plainandsimpl
Webleed. Ieis only through our blood that life oes on. Is
any wonder our births are such bloody affairs? So will th
blood of humanity be used in our work. We are descende
from the Twisters of Fate, and we will bend and twist realit
untilitisourown. Even those who hold powercannotdenyth


simple requirements of life and the passions thereof: rage, lust,
envy, hate. We know all of these and we will use chem to
domin

e, control, cajole and influence. We will bring down
the lifeless Technocracy and replace it with our own Army of
the Living, of Blood,

Organization: Members of this Tradition gather in
groups they call covens, though they use the typical word
"Chantry" to refer to their places of gathering when interact
ing with other mages. Covens vary in size, but the most
powerful membership number is 13.

Meetings: The eight Sabbatsof the calendar year. The
fourlesser Sabbats are the solstices and equinoxes,and the four
(eater Sabbats are Candlemas (Feb. 2), Beltane (May 1),
Lammas (Aug. 1) and Sambain (Oct. 31)

Initiation: Initiation ceremonies are performed at any
fathering of at a special gathering on the birthday of the
initiate. The process involves a purifying bath and entry into
amagickal ciecle. Here the new Verbena dedicates himself
untilcandlessetatcach cardinal direction haveburntout. Like
most Verbena rituals, the participants of the initia
emony are all "skyclad" (naked).

Black For
est is dwindling despite the best effort of
the mages. Some force, or some
overpowering the attempts o

in Germany is the home of

's potent influence, is

he mages to halt the deforesta

tion, They may have to get serious about this matter soon.

Agers, rustics, scholars

Sphe

Fock: Blood~ Life/Prime, Cauddron— Entropy/Spirit,
Herbs- Matter, Wand-Correspondence/Forces/Time,
Mind

Concepts: druid, explorer, witch

Quote: "You may call our rituals bloody
and primitive, but with yourillusions of cars
and comforts youare infinitely farther from
the truth than I."

Stereotypes

* Akashic Brotherhood —Theyhave the capac-
ity to understand, but they have created a world for
themselves apart from that of others. How can one
know that which one cannot see?

‘Celestial Chorus — They have been successful
through the years because ofthe pretty pictures they
can paint. Their truths are nothing but sugar that
melts away in the mouth,

*# Cultof Ecstasy — They squeeze every moment
out of living, but rejoicing in every moment for its
experience leaves little time for understanding,

© Dreamspeakers — Through their incessant
contemplation of the world they have lost the ability
to interact with it

* Euthanatos — Vile! They are the ones who
should die. Life is too sacred for such treatment.

* Hollow Ones — The life we seek to rerum to
the world has slipped from these people. Hollow Ones:
are reality's way of showing us what mankind will
become if the Technomancers win.

# Onder of Hermes — They overanalyze the
world and are entangled in the minutiae of i

*# SonsofEther —Theirscience isnot assaniized
as that of the Technocracy, but that makes it litte
better.

* Vireual Adepts — Pretty pictures, even ones
you can touch, smell and taste, do not reality make,


Adepts

Computers have become an integral part of moderr
society. Asthey have come to dominate the world, s0 too hat
a new Tradition of mages, the Virtual Adepts. Ever since
Babbage's first machine was invented over 100 years ago, the
Virtual Adepts have been working to ensure the acceptance ot
thecomputerby society. In thisthey have been very successful
The work of the Technomancers helped create a world where

the computer has become ubiquitous. This has given thi:
young Tradition enormous power.

The Virtual Adepts were at one time a Convention ofthe
Technocracy. However, they were careful to steer clear of the

\ the growing acceptance of computers into society asa sigr
that theirstarisrising. The Virtual Adeptsfeel thar they ar.
technology to create new possibilities, whereas other
Technomancers are simply devouring the present for

\ Like all Technon
beyond the cutting edge of mode

ncers, the Virtual Adept
tech,

nology. They possess laptop computers 0

sufficient speed and capacity to render Sleepers

largest super-computers obsolete. To promote the view 0

computers as power for the people, Virtual Adepts have
supported the vision of virtual reality. They seck tocreate new
d of their cyber-reality Net

Virtual Adepts are grudgingly accepted by most othe!

Realms within the spirit we

mage Traditions despite their Technomancer origins. How
ever, the Technocracy now despises the A depts aboveall othe:

Traditions; they are recognized as the greatest threat to the

long-term domination of Technomancer science.

Thissituation suits the Virtual Adepts just fine. They fee
that technology can save mankind, but prefer their techno:
logical vision to that of he Technomancers. The Adepts have
created the first counterculture with enough power to imple:
iment true change:

aspires. No longer will we go the way of al flesh, hecause afte!
the flesh is dead our souls wil liveon. In our crystalline rowen
we'll ive forever. Before then, however, we'll ip through th
barriers that block us, the locks that keep us out, and the
ns that try to stop us. t's our destiny to know, tc
+, to crash, to steal, and to become one with the
n the Machine, the soul of the computer. We are the

future. We will continue to evolve in this way until we becom
the tools of

‘our Ascension,


Organization: The Viral Adepts have an unusual
manner of organization. Because they usually meet one an-
other online, they often have no idea of the mundane world
identity of their fellows. The Tradition's only organization is
within the Net, where a loose hierarchy based on ability has
been established.

Meetings: Virtual Adepts rarely meet face-to-face.
Instead, they rely on communication via computer BBSs.

Initiation: Initiation into this Tradition is possible only
by invitation. Virtual Adepts keep an eye out for porential
candidates as they travel the Net. When one is detected the
candidate is brought to the attention of all the members
Membershipisoffered ifthe candidate can passaseriesof secret
tests

Chantry: Because it is home to so many government
facilities, Omaha, Nebraska is a tangle of phone lines. The
main Chantry of the Virtual Adepts exists in a Realm created
online in this area. Members attend in their online guises,

Acolytes: science fiction fans, hackers, computer
game players, programmers, couch potatoes

Sphere: Correspondence

Foe muter~ all Spheres, Electricity~ Forces, Net-
work Prime/Spirit

Concepts: hacker, software designer, computer net
operator

Quote: "Do you understand now that
youhave touched, seen, heard, smelled and
tasted it? I knew you would."

Stereotypes

* Akashic Brotherhood — Their way worked in
colder times, but things change too fast today. People
want more and want it sooner.

© Celestial Chorus — Didn't thoughts of gods
and salvation die out hundreds of years ago?

© Cult of Ecstasy — They're a lot of fun to talk
with, but ultimately they're one-dimensional.

* Dreamspeakers —Ifthey were berter organized
they could actually recombine the sciences with hu-
rmanistic thought under the Gaia concept.

‘© Euchanatos — These mages ae really frighten-
ing. People can leam without dying

* Hollow Ones — They're okay, really. If the
world isn't good enough for them now, we can create
virtual worlds that will set even them on fire

* Order of Hermes — They have the right idea,
but they need to remove the mysticism from all their
charts and numbers and ind the science that's waiting
for them.

© Sons of Ether — They're certainly more fun
than truc scientists, but their research isan aside more
than a true pursuit. We have leftsome things for them
to find, though, because we're curious what they can

© Verbena — No wonder witches have been
xd for centuries. Such rituals have no place inthe

b

em world,


Personality
Archetypes

No, my morality was older, more classic yet, the morality that
distinguished between sacrifice and slaughter and had not yet
dreamed of spor.

MJ. Engh, Arslan

‘We humans instinctively roleplay. Every mo-
iment of our lives is spent playing a role of one
type or another. Our being is made up of many
layers of personalities, some which we pretend
tobe, others which we present naturally
Personality Archetypes ate a way of defining
‘our personalities. They describe the roles that
are a collective characteristic of our identities
and that we all share in common. The psy

i J sd the pt of Archetypes to
describe the primordial concepts residing in the universal

he

with words. However, in onderto incorporate the concept into
Mage, we haved ly this, soremember to take what we
say with a

ncompass not only pers
and things as well. They are ways for the Storyteller to help
players understand their characters and setting,
them to their own lives. Arc

types help us make sense of

help the Storyteller bring the story home.
Characters do not, in fact, fit into such neat and tidy

categories. Archetypes are the molds for enumberof

at STURM different personalities, and should not be seen as absolute
‘ny standards. They fundamental patterns, yet each indiv
AW varies from the

fem in many ways. These personality
Archetypes are examples of the variety of personalities that
can found; they are intended to guide, not restrict

The key to the use of Archetypes is the inte
between the character's Nature and Demeanor, Nature isthe
tye personality ofthe character, that which she is but may not
al toothers. Most people donot wish others toknow them
intimately, and therefore create facades behind which they
can hide their true selves — false fronts. Such facades are
known as Demeanors. A character's Demeanor may be as

ction

‘consistent as her Attributes, or may change from minute to
minute. An extraordinarily open, honest or simple-minded
individual may have the same Demeanor and Nature.
Archetypes have
Archetype provide

practical imy foreach
differe in Willpowerpoints.
The Nature of the character is thus vital in regaining Will.
power. The procedure works like tis: the player notices her
character may be able to regain Willpower because of her
actions or the situation — this varies from Archetype to}
Archetype. She asks the Storyteller if she can regain Will-


power, and the Storyteller either accepts or rejects the request.
Ifthe Storyteller deems the request valid, he awards anything
from one to three Willpower points, depending on the nature
ofthe character' actions. The Storyteller shouldn't reward a
character if he thinks che player is performing the action in
order to regain Willpower and is not really roleplaying

Each Archetype has an inherent flaw. This i a psycho-
logical weakness or fault. This law must be struggled against
for a mage to survive and must be overcome for a mage to
Ascend. Certain Arete Seekings (see Chapter Bight) can only
be completed if the character confronts and overcomes her
flaw, There are old sayings about how power brings respon
bility and how power corrupts. By overcoming these
mages show that they have the proper respect for the know!-
edge they have. A mage overcome by her flaws will never be
considered by the Oracles for further instruction.

The Storyteller should encourage playersto develop their
own Archetypes, thus giving players the opportunity tocreate
truly unique personalities.

Architect

‘Yoursense of purpose goes beyond your own needs; youtry
to create something of lasting value for those who will come
after you. People need many things, and you gain satisfaction
byproviding whatever youcan. Youarethe typeof person who
makes an effort to build something of value: to found a town,
ate a company or in some way leave a lasting legacy.

‘Your flaw is that you become Obsessed by your ambitions
— 8 focused on your plans that you become blind co every
thingand everyone else. You must defeat your fixation on one
open yourselftonew possibilities and achievements

Regain Willpower whenever you create or establish
something of importance or lasting value.

Avant-Garde

You must always be in the forefront. You must always be
the first to break the news, the new dance or fashion trend, or
a new discovery in the arts. Nothing pains you more than.
hearing second-hand news, like hearing of a hot new band
from someone else. New discoveries are your life and you
devorea great deal of timeand effort to keeping up with things.
If you're notin the front, you're nowhere.

Your flaw is your Pride, your absolute self-assurance that
you are better than everyone else. You hold anything old in
contempt, and you quickly grow tired of the new. You must
aspire to find something you can truly value.

—Regain one point of Willpower whenever you are the
firs with a piece of news or other significant discovery

Bon Vivant

Life is pointless, shallow and meaningless — so have as
good a time as possible. Rome may burn, but you shall drink
wine and sing songs. You are a sensualist, sybarite and party
animal;the wordsausterity, self-denial andself-disciplinehave

no place in your life. You much prefer the concept of instant
gratification. Sell, you don't mind alitcle hard work as long as
2 good time awaits you upon completion. Most Bon Vivants
have litele self-control, for they so dearly love excess.

Your flaw is your Hedonism. Pleasure is your only real
sal. Power exists to serve your base urges. However, Ascen-
sion requireshigherambitions,and you must find alessfleeting
means of gratification

— Regain Willpower whenever you have a truly good
time and can fully express your exultation (or perhaps even
‘more points if you enjoy an especially fun night).

Bravo

Youare.abully,a ruffian, tough, and delight in torment-
ing the weak. Things must always go your way, and you donot,
tolerate those who cross you. Power and might are all you
respect; indeed, you heed only those who can prove their
power t0 you

Youseenothing wrong with forcing yourwill upon others.
There isnothing you like better than to persecute, antagonize,
heckle and intimidate those whom youhold in contempt. The
emotions of kindness and pity are not completely foreign to
you, but you hide from your own sense of weakness through
cruelty to others. While most Bravos despise the weak, afew
become their protectors.

Your flaw is Anger. You enjoy exercising your wrath on.
others. This indulgence must be defeated or it will consume
you

Regain Willpower whenever you intimidate or physi-
cally force another person to do what you wish.

Caregiver

‘You always try to help those around you, and struggle to
make a difference in the needs and sorrows of the unfortunate.
People around you depend on your stability and strength to
keep them steady and centered. You are the one to whom
people tum when they have a problem.

Your flaw is your Lack of Confidence. You sacrifice
yourself not out of love, but out of twisted duty and desire for
appreciation. Action for you is always the result of altruism,
through which you vitiate your own power.

— Regain Willpower whenever you successfully protect
or nurture someone else. This protection can be as small as a
smile of support or a shoulder to lean on at an appropriate
‘moment. You must help the other person in some way, though
he need not acknowledge it openly.

Conformist

You are follower. Taking change is just not your style. It
iseasier for you to adapt, attune, adjust, comply and reconcile
yourself tothe new situations in which you find yourself. You
flit to the brightest star, the person you feel to be the best,
throwing your lot in with her. It is difficult and distasteful for
you to go against the flow or to rebel. You hate inconsistency


and instability, and know that by supporting a strong leader,
youhelppre
some kind o

ntchaos from occurring. All stable groups need
formise

Your flaw is your Low Self-Esteem. Youhaven't the self-
confidence to assert your will, and instead allow yourself to be

atool of others. Only when youdiscover your own agenda and
pursue it can you Ascend.

Regain Willpower whenever your group accomplishes
something because of your

Conniver

What's the sense of working hard when you can get
something for nothing? Why drudge when, just by talking, you
‘can get what you want? You always try tofind the easy way out,
the fast track to success and wealth. Some people might call
what you do swindling or even outright thef, but you know
that you only do what everyone else does; you just do it better.
Additionally, trickery isa game, and you get great pleasure out
‘of outwittingsomeone. Connivers play many roles, so you may
beathief,aswindler, street waif, an entrepreneur, acon man
or just a finagler.

ort and aid.

Yourflaw is Envy. You are never happy with what you've
ays want more. You must eventually overcome

your desire, and find happiness in what you've got and who you

got you

— Regain Willpower whenever you are able to get your
way by tricking another person into doing as you wish,

Critic

Nothing in the world should be accepted without thor-

nd examination, Nothing is ever perfect, and
ust be pointed out in order for the good to be
Your standards are high for everything,

their being met.
hers because low standards r

e the same ideals
f life for

he qual

everyone. They'll thank you later, once they dis

purity of your perspective. You seck ot

ns in every person or thing you encounter. You are

jied with anything that is less than perfect, unless it
afterall, you're not a perfectionist

Your flaw is Arrogance. Its difficult
are, so you focus your energies upon finding greater faults in

others
—Re

re point of Willpower whenever you dis

imperfection that others overlook

Curmudgeon

You are an irascible, churlish person at heart,
and finding little hun
wea wickedly
the tool w
have a very well-defin

work, especially w

rin life (
‘bed wit). Cynicism is your middle
which
under

joujudge everythingin life. You
anding of how things really
they involve the circus of human


endeavor. Long ago the foolish actions of others ceased t0
surprise you,

Your flaw isa Lack of Imagination. You've lost the spark
that makes you truly magical, and deny that by putting down
the achievements of others.

-Regain Willpower wheneversomeonedoessomething
stupid, just ike you predicted. You must predict it either our
loud to the other characters or in private to the Storyteller.

Deviant

‘There are always people whodon'tfitin, and youare such
‘a miscreant. Your beliefs, motivations and sense of propriety
completely antithetical to the status quo. You are not so
muchan aimless rebelasan independent thinker whodoesnot
belong in the society in which you were raised. Youdon' give
a damn about other people's morality, but you do adhere to
your own strange code of conduct. Deviants are typically
irreverent, and some have truly bizarre tastes and desires
‘Your flaw is your Perversion. The energy you require 10
defy what is established will one day spread to what is around
you, and remake the world in your image. Hatred for such
activity is currently reserved only for the Technomancers.
Reyain Willpower whenever you successfully thumb
your nose at society and its precepts without retaliation.

Director

You despise chaos and disorder, and tend to take control
and organize things in order to suppress anarchy. You like tobe
incharge, live to onganize, and habitually st
work smoothly. You trust your own juxigment implicitly and
tend to think of things in black-and-white terms: "This won't
work," "You're either for me or against me," "There are two
ways to do this — my way and the wrong way

You have a Lack of Tolerance. In order to Ascend, you
"must strive to integrate the views of others woachieve

— Regain Willpower when you are allowed to lead a
group and accomplish some significant task.

Fanatic

Youareconsumed bya cause; t isthe primary forcein your
life,for good orl. Every ounce of blood and passion you possess
is directed toward your cause; in fact, you may feel very guilty
about spending time on anything else. You will lee nothing
standin your way—nothingthat youcannotovercome, inany
case. You and those around you may suffer,

it your cause is

everything — the end justifies the means. Before the g:
begins, make sure you describe your cause, and define how it
may affect your behavior.

Your flaw is your Stubbornness. The possibilities of life
have been closed to you; you must open yourself to other
choices or your final victory will bea hollow one

— You regain Willpower whenever you accomplish an.
act that furthers your cause.

Jester

You ae the fool, idioe, quipster, clown or comic, forever
making fun of both yourself and others. You constantly seek
the humorin any situation, and strive always tobattle the tides
of depression inside yourself. You hate sorrow and pain, and
constantly try to take others' minds off the dark side of life
‘Sometimes you'll do nearly anything to forget that pain exists.
Your particular brand of humor might noc always impress your
friends, but it makes you feel berter. Some Jesters manage to
escape pain and are truly happy, but most never find release.

‘Your flaw is your Hypocrisy. Focusing the attention of
‘others on happiness leaves a deadly potential to ignore the
dreadful

— Regain Willpower when you raise the spirits of those
around you through the device of humor, especially when you
ble to escape your own pain in the process.

Judge

As a facilitator, moderator, arbitrator, conciliator and
peacemaker, you always seck to make things better. You pride
yourself on your rationality, your judgment and your ability to
deduce a reasonable explanation when given the facts. You
struggle to promote truth, but you understand how difficule it
{sto ascertain. You respect justice, for that is the way through
which truth can reign

In your view, people are resources, albeit ones that are
most difficult to manage and employ. You hate dissension and
arguments, and shy away from dogmatism. Sometimes Judges
c good leaders, though a lack of vision can sometimes
cause them tor usquo instead of searching for
abetter way.

YouLack Vision. The static framework youhave created
must be expanded to one of choice, openness and freedom.

— Regain Willpower when you are able to separate the
truth from a web of lies, or when you convince disputing
individuals to agree with your judgments.

Loner

‘You are always alone, even in the midst of a crowd. You
are the wanderer, hunter and lone wolf. Though others might
think of youas lonely, forsaken, isolated or remote, in truth you
prefer your own company to that of others. There are many
diferent reasons why this might be so: you don't understand.
people, you understand people too well, people dislike you,
People like you too much, oF you are simply lost in your own,
thoughts. Your reasons are your own.

Your flaw is your Lack of Empathy. By interacting with
others, you can find a rewarding place in the world.

—When youmanage toaccomplish some significanttask
con your own, without the aid of others, yet which sill aids the

in the:


group in some way, you regain Willpower based on the
significance of the achiever

Martyr

All possess the martyr instine
fewer live the life of a Martyr. You
Your desire for self-sacrifice ste

but few act upon it. Even
however, are such a one.
from a low self-esteem, @

feeling of a lack of control, ora profoundly developed sense of|
love. You are able to endure long lasting and severe suffering]
because of your beliefs and ideals.

At worst, a Martyr expects sympathy and attention be-
‘cause of his or her suffering, and may even feign or exaggerate
Pain or deprivation. Atbest,a Martyr willingly suffersinjuryor
even death rather than renounce his religion, beliefs, prin
ciples, cause or friends.

Your flaw is your Pessimism. Emotions from without
have overcome you, negating your sense of intemal peace
Regain Willpower when you sacrifice yourselfin areal
and immediate way for your beliefs or another individual

Rebel

Youareamalcontent, iconoclast and free-thinking recal
citrant. You are so independent-minded and free-willed that
you are unwilling to join any particular cause or movement.
‘Youare just yourselfand only desire the freedom tobe yourself.
Youdonot make a good follower and aren'tusually avery good
leader either (unless your followers are willing to go wherever
you lead). You tend to be insubordinate to authority to the
point of stupidity.

Your flaw is your Lack of Direction. Your power has no
focus, and cannot be brought to fruition in the achievement of
a goal.

— Regain Willpower whenever your rebellion against
the status quo tums our to be for the best

Survivor

No matter what, you always manage to survive. You can
endure, pull through, recover from, outlast and outlive nearly
any circumstance. When the going gets tough, you get going.
Younnever say die, and never give up —never. Nothing angers
you as much as a person who doesn't str

to make things
better, or whosurrenderstothe nameless forcesofthe universe.
Your flaw is your Lack of Trust. You must open yourself
up to the world to transcend it
— Regain Willpower whenever you survive a difficule
situation through your own cunning and perseverance

Traditionalist

You are an orthodox and conservative individual. What
was good enough for you when you were youngis good enough
for younow. You resist change of any sort. You oppose change
forthe sake of change — what point is there in that? You may


be scen by some asa miser, a reactionary o simply an old fogy
‘You always strive to preserve the status quo.

‘Your flaw is your Complacence. A mage must summon.
the enengy to enact new possibilities, rather than succumb to
sass.

Regain Willpower whenever you are able to protect
the status quo and prevent change

Visionary

Very few are brave or strong or imaginative enough to
look beyond the suffocating embrace of sociery and mundane
thought, in search of something more. Society treats such

Essences

people with both respect and contempt, for the Visionary
perverts as well as guides society.

You may be a spiritualist, shaman, New Ager, mystic,
philosopher or inventor, but whatever you are, you are always
looking for something more. You see beyond the bounds of
conventional imagination andcreate new possibilities. Tho
you might have your head in the clouds and are often of an
impractical bent, youare filled with new ideas and perceptions.

Your flaw is your Pride, pride in your ability to see and
understand what others cannot. You must learn humility to
Ascend.

—Regain Willpower whenever you are able to convince
others to believe in yourdreams and follow the course ofaction
‘outlined by your vision of the furure.

lay

Now. Death, like a familiar, hears
«and look, has made a man of dust
of aman of flesh. This sorcery

Ido. Being damned, I am amused.
"How to Kill"

Keith Doug!

Nature and Demeanor define a person socially
they describe how someone reacts to and
interacts with other people. While mages are
certainly social creatures, they also exist on a
level beyond social definition. This is why
‘mages speak of hemselvesin terns of Essences.
‘A. mage's Essence describes the manner in
which he is fundamentally connected to the
quintesential cote of reality. It describes the
Avatar of the mage, and is an embodiment of one of the
primary forces of reality. A mage's actions are most likely to
succeed when they reflectthisfundamentalconnection. There
ae five Essences: Dynamic, Infinite, Pattern, Primordial and
Questing. Ofthese, only four are even remotely understood by
most mages
The Infinite Esence has never been known to manifest
In fact, its existence is conjecture, much like the
«quark in quantum mechanies. No scientist has ever actually
seenaquark, butatleast 12 varietiesof quarks, varyingin color,
anticolor, flavor and strangeness, have been categorized. Just
as modem physis is inconceivable without the existence of
quarks, so too does the metaphysis of magick fundamentally
rely upon the Essence of Infinite
‘The other four Essences are vaguely understood by most
rmages and have manifested themselves throughout history
Each player should choose the Essence his mage most
embodies. Esence playsa large partin the quest for Ascension,
so choose carefully. The four Essences are described below.

Dynamic

This is by far the most common Essence. Dynamic is the
very incamation of the forces of change. All mages
ultimately part of the dynamic force that drives reality, but
‘mages of this Essence are consumed by it. That is, they are
driven by a love of and desire for constant change. They will
probably never achieve, and may never know, theit ultimate
destination. Mages ofthis Essence are often considered pio:
neers, for they embody the very heart of what itis tobe a mage.

‘The Avatarsof those of with Dynamic Essencestendtobe
‘energetic spirits of great cunning and curiosity. They are able
toassume many different forms, but tend to appear as shadows
‘or nebulous beings out of childhood dreams. Fickle and
capricious, they are impossible to please.

Pattern

Relatively few mages outside ofthe Technocracy embody
this Essence, but they are vital in the overall schema of mage
society. Pattern Essence mages usually work toward an end.
They are innately dynamic, of course, like all mages, but they
aren't as concemed with finding new ways to weave the
advancements of mages into reality. Without Pattern mages!
support, most Dynamic mages would be incapable of pursuing
the truths of reality as far as they do.

The Avatars of this Essence are the most stable and
constant of all Avatars, and tend to have but one form. Such,
an Avatar usually appears as an authority figure from the


character's past, and are demanding and unforgiving. Their
rules must be followed in everything.

Primordial

Primordial is perhaps the rarest of mage Essences. Many
of the earliest mages embodied this Essence, but as time has
passed fewer and fewer have manifested it. Today, very few
Primordial Avatars exist among the ranks of mages. Many
believe this is because the Essence has become obsolete. When,
reality was forming it was central, but now reality isso defined
there is little room for it. Primordial Avatars concem them:
selves with the base elements of reality, the underlying structures
and natures of things.

The Primordial Avatars tend to take the form of animals,
spiritsorgodsoflegend. They tend tobe very coarse and direct,
in manner and speech, caring little for the trappings and
expectations of society

Questing

For many millennia mages did not view this Essence as
separate from Dynamic. However, mages of Dynamic Essence
do not have the focus or motivation of Questing mages. Even
if Questing mages do not achieve any stable end, they at least
pursue something tangible and therefore forge a path in that
direction for others to follow. Dynamic mages lack this focus.
They jump from fancy to fancy without regard for an end or
even concem over the fact that they are doing little to affect
reality ina fundamental way. Many mages tend tooverlook the
forest for the trees, but those of Questing Essence always seek
the bigpicture. Questing mages tie disparate ideas together and
make forgorten thoughts seem fresh

Questing Avatars are pushy and demanding, and are
never satisfied with what has been achieved. They always

int more and berrer. When they re themselves they
always want to set out on some mission and are rarely patient
‘enough to wait for long.

Specialties

Foreach Attribute and Ability Trait rated four or higher,
player can select aspecialty. A specialty isa particular facet
of a Trait that a character is capable of performing with
additional proficiency —a character may be able todrive very
well, but may be particularly adept at offroad maneuvers.

A specialty allows the player to reroll 10s scored on
actionsdirectly involving the specialty. The playergets tokeep
the success indicated by each 10, and may subsequently try
again for another success, rolling another die for each 10
obtained

Specialties help mages with their magickal effects. If a
mage has.a specialty with the magickal effect she is trying to
create, she may use it to reroll 10s. This is true even though
Abilities themselves are not used in the magickal effect roll.
For instance, if Euthanatos mage has a Medicine specialty of
heart diseases and causes a heart attack in her victim, she gets,
totake advantage of the specialty toreroll 1Oseven though the
actual roll likeall magickal effect rolls, only uses Arete rating


Robert Wright,"Sciene

Physical
These Traits describe how st dexterous
and sturdy a character is, and are the primary

Traits of anaction-oriented character. Physical
Traits concem only the strengths and weak
nesses of the body.

Strength

This isa measure of your mean physical strength
ability to lif, carry and cause physical harm. A person with a
high Strength rating is usually larger than someone with a
lower rating, OF course, there are always exceptions

Strength is used when you artempe to lift,
hheave or break something. In melee combat, your Strength
ait is added to your damage Dice Pool. Strength is also used
when you artempe to make any sort of ju

push,

p oF leap,
Specialties: Strong grip, Massive, Husky, Able-Bodied,

Broad Shoulders, Hearty, Powerful, Bulging Biceps, Wiry,
Large

. Poot: You can bench press 40 tbs.

. Average: You can bench press 100 Ibs.

© Good: You can bench press 250 Ibs.
Exceptional: You can bench press 400 Ibs.

'* Outstanding: You can bench press 650 Ibs

Dexterity

This Trait isa measure of your general physical prowess:
speed, quickness and agility. It indicates the capacity for
moving with agility and manipulating objects with accuracy
and grace. Dexterity includes hand-eye coordination, fine
motor manipulation, reaction speed, teflexes and boxlily grace

‘Specialties: Smooth-Motioned, Lithe, Steady, Deft, Grace
ful, Nimble, Athletic, Cat-like Reflexes, Swift, Sure-Footed,
Feeet-Rooted, Light Touch

. Poor: You are butterfingered, so don't use a

chainsaw.
oo Average: You can chew gut
ime time.

and walk at the

e Good: You have excellent raw athletic
potential
oo Exceptional: You can juggle five knives.

Outstanding: Youcan juga five knives while
blindfolded.

Hamam beings are the most flexble organisms around. That's why we're sill
around, and that's why we're smart enough to wonder wiry

Sodand Man" (Time, Dec.28, 1992)

Stamina

‘Stamina is a measure of general health and resistance to
‘pain; it indicates how long you can continue to exert yourself
and how much physical punishment youcan sustain. Stamina
is your staying power, both physically and mentally, and one
of its most important elements is the will to live.

Specialties: Titeless, Enduring, Tough, Determined, Ag-
gressive, Tenacious, Stalwart, Duruble, Forceful, Dedicated

. Poor: You are frail in constitution and may be
sickly
- Average: You are moderately healthy.

Good: You are in good shape, the result of
regular exercise
Exceptional: You could run
‘Outstanding: You are tough enough tosurvive
almost anything.

Social

‘Your Social Traits describe your appearance, charm and
familiarity with the human mind. Your Social Traits are vital
in determining first impressions, leadership ability and the
nature of your eractions with others.

‘marathon.

Charisma
Charisma is a measure of your aptitude for enticing and
fascinatingothers. Youuse Charisma to win others overto you
emotionally and to get them to trust you. This Trait reflects a
charismatic personality more than it does an overt manipula
tion of others. It sa sum of your bearing, charm and power of
influence. Charisma reflects your power to convince others to
put their faith in you.
Specialties: Smooth, Elogques

+ Outgoing, Captivating,

Chi , Well-Mannered, Urbane, Sophis-
ticated, Rustic, Gracious

. Poor: Others avoid being around you.

- Average: You are likable.

Good: People trust and confide in you.
Exceptional: Something draws people to you
Outstanding: You could lead a nation.


Manipulation

‘This Trait measures your aptitude for

ctive self-expres-
sion, such as when you want to get someone else to do

something. Its important when you attempt to influence or
manipulate another person directly. You use Manipulation to
trick, fool, bluff, ourmaneuver and out-talk another. While
you may be effective at manipulacing people whom you have
just met, those who already know you are rarely fooled.

Manipulation isused inall rolls where youare attempting
to influence or convince another person overtly. Whether
they like you or not is of no consequence (though it can affect
the difficulty of what you are trying).

If you fail a Manipulation action and the other person
realizes what you were trying to do (you botch, for instance),

she may well be angered. People are manipulated all the time
and usually ignore it. However, if it is brought to their
attention, it can be very disturbing. Manipulation can net
‘great results, butts risky to perform openly. Characters with
high Manipulation are not overly trusted by those who know
them bes.

Specialties: Glib, Expressiv
‘Smooth, Silver-Tongued, Bravado
Blamey, Double-Talker, Sophist, Witry

. Poor: You express yourself in as few words as

possible

Average: Others might believe you
Good: You'd make a good lawyer
Exceptional: You should tun for o

‘Outstanding: You could sel ice to an Eskimo
Appearance
This Trait describes your Appearance in terms of your

attractiveness and force of presence. You do not n
need beauty to!

ecesanly
a high Appearance, you only need looks
that somehow attract others to you. Appearance is not just
your actual physical looks; i's the appeal of the way you move
and talk, your animation and expressiveness. Iris a measure of
how interesting and attractive you seem to others.

Appearance is vital in any social situation where words
are not exchanged. [tis more important than you might think
offhand;the impressions you get of anotherareheavily affected
by that person's looks, no matter how open-minded you are.
You may not like to admit it, but it's true

Appearance is often used by the Storyteller to judge
roughly how others react to you upon a first meeting. Thus it
can affect all other Social rolls you make with that person (in
some cases, your rating determines the maximum number of
successes from a Social action that can actually be applied,
making it impossible for an ugly person to achieve anything
beyond minimal success).

Specialties: Bold Demeanor, Alluring, Captivating, Sexy,
Luminous, Honest Face, Imposing, Dignified, Pleasing, Hand-
some, Beautiful, Gorgeous, Look of the Eagles

. Poor: You tend to attract the hostility of
others,

. Average: Easily ignored, for you fit in so well
with the crowd.

%* Good: You have a pleasing appearance, and
people treat you wel.
Exceptional: Youare good-looking enough to

beamodelandar

because of it

ven respectandattention

‘Outstanding: First reactions are either that of
awe, intense jealousy or complete solicitude.

Menfal

‘The Mental Traitsrepresent yourcharacter'stotal mental
capacity, including uch thingsas memory, perception and the
ability to learn and think,

Perception
This Trait indicates your awareness of the environment
‘around you. While sometimes this isa conscious action, such.
aswhen youare
intuitively

rching for something, it more often works
you simply notice something. Ar base, Percep-
tion sasensitivity tothe world, an open-eyed qualitycommon
among children (for whom the world is a boundless and
‘mysterious place) and seldom present among. the most jaded.

Perception is used to see if you have the insight to
understand or be aware of acertain factor concept. Itcan help
indicate your degree of alertness to ambushes, the subtext ofa
politician's speech, and the subtleties of eolor in a pa

Specialties: Insightful, Attentive, Patient, Probing,
Eyed, Intuitive, Visionary, Astute, Apprehensive

. Poor: Youare blindtoanythingbutthe obvious.

" A You are unaware of the subtle

interactions that occur around you.

2% Goock: You are aware of moods and textures
Exceptional: You are constantly alert to the
nuances of life.

‘Outstanding: You can see a needle in a
haystack

Intelligence

‘Your Intelligence represents both your memory and your
ability to eam and think. Ieis important when using Abilities
that require complex thought processes. Some people describe
Intelligence as a person's quickness of mind or judgment, but
itis more than that — itis the facility for understanding, and
the capacity for reasoning and evaluation. Intelligence is a
rating ofan individual's depth and flexibility of thought.
‘Common sense, street savvy and wisdom are not compo-
nents of the Intelligence Attribute; these facets of a character
are portrayed by the player. However, low Intelligence can
indicate a character who lacks the capacity to understand
complicated thoughts, and who isa very slow leamer — he


might simply see things in termsof black and white, and can't
understand that things are really in shades of gray
(Characters with high Intelligence, on the other hand, are
sophisticated thinkers capable of decoding many different
levels of an argument or problem. They have a disceming

judgment and are well able to tell truth from lies, at least wh
they have the time to think things over. Intelligence caters to

carefully reasoned udgmentsratherthan snapdecisions (which
employ the Attribute of Wits).

Specialties: Discerning,
matic, Astute Brillant, Bookwo
. Poor: 1Q 80

" Average: IQ 100
Good: 1Q 120
Exceptional: 1Q 140
(Outstanding: IQ 160+

ative, Knowledgeable, Pr
Clear Thinker

The Wits Attribute describes your ability toreact quickly
and correctly to new situations, as well as your overall sharp
ress of mind and cleverness. In the simplest of terms, itis @

measure of how quickly you think. A more

understands Wits as a shrewdness, sagacity and capacity for
understanding problems in the most basic terms

Those with low Wits are occasionally unable to take
appropriate actions because of surprise (like a deer caught in
headlights). A low Wits can indicate that you are more easily
tricked and fooled than most people

or youare a gullib
If you have high

unsophisticated student of human natu
Wits, you are able to react quickly to new situations and are
seldom caught off guard by sudden changes in events. What
ever else happens, you are able to keep your Wits about you

Specialties: Clever, Shrew, Sharp, Practical, Wily, Level

reative

. Poor: You send money to televangelists

. Average: You know when to bet or fold in
poker.

Good: You are capable of handling L.A. rush
hours (without shooting anyone)
Exceptional: You could be a stand-up comic

© Outstanding:
rain — it's fat.

br
Abilities
And now our minds are as naked as the paradise we smipped

And our reward is our entropy, our empriness is our gift.

You havea supercomputer for a

— Swans, "God Forgive America"

Specialties

For each Attribute and Ability rated four or higher, a
player may select a Specialty for her character. Although


general descriptions of Traits are listed below, sometimes there
are particular facets of one that a character is capable of
performing with additional proficiency. For example, your
character may be able to drive very well, but he may be
especially good at off-road maneuvers. Most players select
specialties simply to flesh out a character, but specialties can
also have a real affect on the story as well.

A specialty allows the player to reroll 10's on actions
where the specialty directly comesinto play. The player getsto
keep the success the 10 originally indicated, but may subse-
quently try again for another success. She may continue toroll
the die until anything other than a 10 is rolled, so mathemati-
cally, there schance tohave one hundred successes whenever
‘a specialty comes into play.

Talents

Alertness
‘Overthe years, you have becon

e practiced in noticingall
that happens around you, even if you are not actively concen-
trating upon the surroundings. You are a capable bodyguard,
for you have learned how to stay alert over a long period of
time. Alertness simply indicates how aware you are of the
world around you. It describes how much attention you pay to
things other than the rumblings of your belly or the doubts in
your mind.

. Novice: You tend to be alert to changes,
moreso than most,
" Practiced: Youare watchful and veryattentive

to your surroundings
Competent: ighly vigilant.

Expert: You are a truly cautious individual,
and rarely let down your guard

You are

see Master: You notice everything that goes on

around you.

Possessed by: Watchmen, Hunters, Bodyguards, Report-
crs, Bunglars

Specialties: Bodyguarding, Traps, Ambushes, Forests,
Crowds, Noises, Paranoia

Athletics

This Ability describes your general athletic prowess and
assumes a familiarity with most sports. It is used to see if you
‘can jump across a chasm, swim through a storm, throw a
football, vault a fence or climb a tree.

Athletics concems complex motor actions; physical ac:
tions requiring only one type of motor action, such as lifting,
donotuse the Athletics rating, nordo athletic actions already
subsumed by another Ability.

. Novice: Little Leaguer
Practiced: High school jock
‘Competent: College Varsity player
Expert: Professional athlete
Master: Olympic gold medalist

Possessed by: Professional Athletes, Enthusiasts, Dancers,
Jocks, Kids

Specialties: Swimming, Mountain Climbing, Acrobat-
ics, Dancing, a specific sport

Awareness

This Talent reflects a character's ability to detect things
that are not ofthe physical world, like the presence of magick.
However, the range for such detection i stil limited by real
world parameters. A mage cannot sense magick cast on the
otherside of San Francisco
and very successful), thou
through a wall

Assuccessful Awarenessrollallowsa
location and approxi sarby Talisman, a
being's Karmic balance, mental state and more. A mage with
three or more dotsin Awareness can also detect the auras that

inless the magick was very potent
he might be able to sense it

nage toascertain the

e power of a

surround objects and people. This allows him to analyze the
general disposition of a person, or to glean other information,
such as whether the "person" isin facta vampire or werewolf

This Talent may also be used to help a n
spiritsand animals, as Awarenessenablesthe mage tosense the
disposition of these creatures.

relate t0

Novice: You see strange things out of the
comer of your eye.
Practiced: Odd thi

Competent: All things

n aura that you

Expert: You can find a four-leaf clover in
seconds,

Master: You see the bizarre everywhere

Possessed by: Investigators, Gypsies, Psychics

‘Specialties: Emotions, Talismans, Spirits, Ani
pematural Creatures

als, Sue

Brawl

You know how to fight bare-hi
cludes such man

wed. This Ability in
crs as punching, kicking, grappling,
throttling, throwing, gouging and biting. Brawling can get
quite ruthless, but generally isa non-lethal form of combat

. Novice: Youknow what todo, buryouhaven't
had much experience

oo Practiced: You know where to hit people and
make it hurt

© Competent: You can choose your bar seat
Expert: You are a black belt
Master: Youcould bea Golden Glov
champion.

Possessed by: Martial Artists, Soldiers, Thugs, Police
, Bouncers

artist.

boxing

Offic
Specialties: Armlocks,
Tai Chi, Grapplin

Boxing, Wrestling, Karate, Judo,
Throws, Showing Off


Dodge
‘The most effective way to win a fight is not to be struck.
Becoming proficient in the Dodge Talent isa very wise choice.
‘Your rating in this area describes your ability to avoid both.
melee and missile attacks, which includes diving for cover and

ducking punches
. Novice: Youhirthe groundifsomeone screams
"Duck!
. Practiced: Youhavenoproblem findingcover
ina firefight
fe Competent: You're always the last one out in
dodgeball

A lucky shot may land once in a blue

Master: You can neatly sidestep gunshots.

Possessed By: Criminals, Street Fighters, Military Person

nel, Bouncers, Boxers
Specialties: Leap, Sidestep, Duck, Cover, Dive

Expression
Expression covers your ability to get your point across,
whether this be by writing a book or debating social issues.
Ch

icters with high Expression are unforgettable, but only in
bility toconvey their feelings; intelligent o

neaningfal
expression is the purview of other Traits. Expression at its
highest form can be art

. Novice: Tabloid reporter
oo Practiced: College debate team captain

‘Competent: Successful comedian
Expert: Best-selling novelist
Master: William Shakespeare

Possessed by: Orators, Politicians, Novelists, Actors, Dema-
gogues, Protesters

Spe
Meetings

Intuition

‘The Talent of Intuition reflects a mage's ability to guess

alties: Poetry, Impromptu, Radical, Innuendo,

correctly and follow her "gut feelings." Intuition is kind of a
safety net for characters, and itis up to the Storyteller to keep
itfrom being abused.

High Lev
certain areas of |

f this Talent also indicate some apeitude in
P, like precognition. A rating in In
means the character can probably guess the result of acoin toss
more often than not. She might also have a sense of when
someone is lying to her.

. Novice: You have good instincts.

" Practiced: Always go with your first answer.

‘Competent: You're a con man's nightmare.

Expert: A sixth sense seems to tell you when
something's amiss.

Master: You would bankrupt Vegas and
Atlantic City


Possessed by: Fortunetellers, Gamblers, Entrepreneurs,
Boxlyguards

Specialties: Horse Races, Ambushes, Dice, #

Intimidation

The art of intimidation takes many forms, ranging from a
subcle suggestion to outright physical damage. Each method of
intimidation has its time and place. You understand the
science of being overbearing, and know how to use it to get
what you want, People with high Intimidation ratings seem to
radiate auras of authority

. Novice: Six-year-olds give you the right of

way.

Practiced: You win an occasional staredown.
Competent: Ye

ace is very unsettling.
Expert: You would be an above-average drill
sergeant.

Master: You can make vicious animals tum
il and run.
Possessed by: Businesspeople, Bouncers, Military Person-
nel, Mobsters

Specialties: Veiled Threats, Political, Military, Social,
Overt Violence

Streetw

The streets are a major source of information and money,
as well as big-time trouble. The Streetwise Talent hasa variety

of uses. First and foremost, Streetwise allows you to blend in

with the n to yourself
Gossip, felony theft and street slang are also imparted by using
this talent

. Nov
Practiced: You are considered coo! by the
populace
Competent: Member of a prominent gang

al scene withour drawing atte

e: You know who sells drugs.

Expert: Youhavespent most of your life on the
streets

© Master: If you don't know it, it hasn't been,
said,

Possessed by: Gang Members, Winos, Reporters, Home-
less People, Detectives

Specialties: Picking Pockets, Drugs, Fencing, Slang Terms

Subterfuge

nw how to conceal your own motives; moreover,

ww to decipher the motives of others and how to

use intrigues of
IBC at a Ta aath i saree!


aalains ‘(uonepout yo snoy sad poures axe doops jo soy
aarpaye Auew Moy souTUUDap [g a|noUp] Jos UORENpSY +
‘eurureag) doajs2s0| uo dn ypue> 0 pasn aq osje ue> OEP
‘2oueqsodut jo si@3zeU Uo sn2oj 02 INDETRYD  FULNO}pe ‘suo
-SensIp woyy pur axp daejos} 02 pas 2q we? LOREPI|,
suonysod 40 suonrenais jo
{a9uea eu pounoyzxd9q we> at 2on2ed yt aNg "uoRIsodsTuO|
4p 294] ‘uoUsod jersads e ur poaeas 2yrym pounopiad Ajpensn,
St UONEUpoYY "aYPnoyp FuNseAsIp no UIDs pue 2ue)
soxlunt jo sioew Uo sno0y osje we Suraq amnuD saeeY>
‘paeqp os aseayd 10 239{q0 JepNTuys UO posno9y st pUFU 34 JO
uontione at, "Apog jeaiskys axp Suncejau pue ‘pura ayp Su
Jonuo> ‘suonou o4p HunUIe> jo EAS AYES UONENIPIYA,

UOHe PAW

Arey "KON
) ‘spueuniog sonperods,

‘ppuany ‘Burypeduoc

3130440 20qJ0q ‘sanINDAKY
‘srapear]uep ‘sa2yO serpy ‘suEONNOg Aq passossog

Spe

20-—JINPIMYDe uosjodeN ware No, use

a

Ajjeat anowpe siomoyjog wwenve nox sods,

‘apis yo sou,

uy sapeay aanooyo uP aze noK UMNO) vee
aoup|ts puewap uv> nok

[puv auo aueuTWOp P st a9!0s sno :paoN Tey a

uwwa) ander] 247] EOD PINODNO :SKAON ‘

‘euslIeY>) (pHs UoNsuNfuo> Wt posn UDO st diysI9pe:
swotjop pm apdoad uosiad yo ada aq Butoq st 3t 90 nok
‘ojo 03 2jdoad SuRna8 jo sanbruysar axp FunKOUy YH Os
2,ust diyssapea7] -ajdusexa dq pur Aguoyne Sunsax9 49 32p30
anof 499o pur pea] nok mo}]9} 02 ajdood 298 ue nox

diysi9peo"]

‘sung sunpeyy ‘soisig ‘sunspueH ‘Opry soUperD:
sianunyy
"saIpjog ‘sjeutuna ‘aorpogsraqunayy Suv) hq possassog
LoTNARKOP AAA APP PAYMOAOG], ITP, ee,
amssaxd

epun uaa ‘épems pur jooo 94,no, ausdxg

‘pun und map e YO ]Jnd UeD Mo} ssURaduOD
-adues Suny & 1e 148 Je Op NOK :posnreAg
uoxs und

yp 28 suossa] om 30 940 pey 24,n04 :2K40N, 5

‘wou aedas
on Aupge axp apnppur sop suzeany ur TPIS ‘saAaMopy "suo
-dea Alo]]pue z9tpo pu sun yued se Yons KuDuIyDeW Aveay

saesado on Suge 2x apnppur 10u Sop TPIS suman uns
Surypeur g|-2epy wMsRUT E.On 7° >I
28popnouy peowq eaavy nod aeyp suESuE

SB Ways "sun je JO

qua UPS

Suelo

aumuyng aang ‘"Aaa!o0g yr} ‘ssoursng ssonqe}sadg
soannsoxg "pry IP] stp ‘SreWoy Ig] :4q possos9og

T1128 Ppom auasaxd pjno> no} IMT eeeee,
Apoqsue

anoge asnf yu Buoye 228 pyno> no, asdeq wee
"dos 169

on pasn s| uoods yprysa mou no, auaraduo,
"PUMP aN=PE |
te ae Aaqsted 22m 02 30 MOU NOK :;paoNIeAY os
cdr anys 02 Uayse MOU NO} :2O140N, .
Aoewioydip ur Suysetua
‘uaym pas osje st ananbug Suys8ey pur ‘uoNonpas ‘Fu
Sep se y>ns suonde AuEnp ananbag 9sn no, "wey woU
ge nos y>Ty Yate auran> axp st Aayer>ads no}, {491908 FENOW
au [pM Buope 234 2 Moy PuEIAAPUN NOX "MOI pUE
nisnungoun ypog saeyp ZauUEUL v UT JJPsNOK YoNPUOD 01 2Iqe
‘age pue ‘api [e}208 Jo saourenU Jou 3tp, purasiOpUN NOx

eyenbyg

saytyg yong ‘sdong uappng ‘saauncy sanpesxdg

Aurauao wig? ayp ut w09
uoiuana Ajseau‘siaatacy aes a>ey 193}9N4 | AG PSSISGOY

Parouy ppag sae,

aausp 29 99 wpmuaiog ausdheg
smypnn persuauTaoD ausadwog
uowsqusuER

apysyenuea w aqeuado ue> no, :paonseig -

‘ajiqowoune
shewore UP AUP UE NOX :991A0N .
‘ajkqowoune zejnopued v ypu 99u9
-uadxa yes9ues anos uo Suppusdap paramo] 20 posta aq AvUH
spquinu 2988 sno, s9}D!YD PUR} [fe ~PLar AWUHTUIRY w aAvy
nat zetp ueaw noUs2op Sunes 94 v aAEY NOK asneD9q AIduIIG
J] se sop>rypa z>4po sdeypod pur ‘2#9 w AAUP WED NOX

ALG

SILAS

sar] ary ay 212207
‘uononpag ‘sassauqea yy Suipury :sanperseds,
Oe SSeACUIBSED "IPA LOL) "IDANNET Aq PIsSDNSOg
poodos a pey ay saypsta uosepy arog Soy,

uo Bunpou savy uousojes Aemuny aumdbeg

-akwe] feurwyd v 2q pino> no, sunadwor)

<qnjaapiiu e ur dn apd ues nog :paonselg
"SuOKUE NY J9A3U SoH] BATY A WY :2HAON .

Ads anewrnjn 2p 40 st]euonesIaAUOD

2qeuN|N ap nok soFEW [EFS sTYA Jo PUEUTUUOD  "sOSsaLEFEIN

aryp Surpueasiapun ye 370m nok pue ‘no' asazaqut soto


inclement weather by effectively hibernating (Stamina +
Meditation roll [difficulty 9] determines how many days the
character can last before the effects of starvation, etc. set in);
or figure our particularly complicated puzzles (Intelligence +
Meditation roll [difficulty 9] lowers the difficulty ofan Enigmas
roll by one per success).

° Novice: You can sit in one spot for a while

without fidgeting.

oe Practiced: You can sit and attain a peaceful
state of mind.
Competent: You can relax in any position.

Expert: People have to go out of their way to
break your concentration.
Master: You could stand on your head in
gunfire and find Universal Truth.

Possessed by: Martial Artists, Monks, Athletes,
Psychologists

Specialties: Relaxation, Focusing, Memory, Zen

Melee

The ability to fight with a weapon isa valuable skill in the
Gothic-Punk environment. Proficiency in this Skill allows
you to use hand-held weapons. Knives, sai, saps, tonfa and
swords are examples of the types of weapons covered by the
Melee Skill. This skill is almost archaic nowadays because of
society's dependence on firearms, but keep in mind that a
wooden stake or silver spear is a melee weapon...

. Novice: You have seen a knife being used.
ee Practiced: You've taken a six-week course in
fencing.

Competent: Average street thug
. Expert: Any weapon is deadly in your grasp.
eoece

Master: Bruce Lee with a pair of nunchuka
Possessed by: Police, Fencers, Kendo Enthusiasts, Thugs,
Gang Members
Specialties: Swords, Axes, Rapiers, Knives, Clubs, Disarms

Research

Every good student or seeker of knowledge knows how to
find information he needs or desires. In the civilized world
much of this information is available through libraries. A
successful roll with this Skill means a character has ascertained
where toget the information she requires. Itdoesn'tnecessarily
mean that the information has been gained, though that is
usually the case (especially at libraries, although even then the
required book may be checked out or missing).

. Novice: The Dewey Decimal system has been
mastered.
oe Practiced: You know the workings of most

standard reference resources.

O:- yea,

Competent: You have access to many private
libraries.

cece Expert: Given time, you could find almost any
reference material.

Master: If it's been written, then you know
where it is.

Possessed by: Writers, Scientists, Editors, Lawyers
Specialties: Philosophy, History, German

Stealth

Stealth is the ability to sneak about or hide without being
seen or heard, and is often rolled against another character's
Perception.

° Novice: You can hide in the dark.
ee Practiced: You can hide in the shadows.

Competent: Youarean accomplished hunter,

Expert: Youcould walksilently overtwo inches
of dry leaves.

eeeee Master: Ninja clan leader

Possessed by: Criminals, Spies, Reporters
Specialties: Prowl, Hide, Lurk, Shadows, Crowds, Crawling

Survival

The wilderness isa dangerous place, at least for those who
do not understand it. The skill of Survival includes seeking
shelter, finding direct route through and relative safety in the
wilderness, and tracking. When you use Stealth in the wilder-
ness, you cannot roll more dice for your Stealth Dice Pool than
you have in Survival.

. Novice: You can survive a five-mile hike.

oe Practiced: Youare familiar with the wilderness.

eee Competent: You know how to brew natural
medicines.

Expert: You are at home in the wild.
Master: You could find an oasis in Death
Valley.

Possessed by: Tribesmen, Hunters, Park Rangers, Hikers,
Native Americans

Specialties: Tracking, Arctic, Jungle, Hunting

Technology

This Skill provides practical knowledge concerning the
function and repair of technological items of all sorts — cars,
security systems, and computers.

. Novice: The on-off switch is no problem.
Practiced: You know all the basics.

Competent: Youcan figure out nearly anything
given enough time.

Expert: You understand many complicated
machines and devices.

eeeee = Master: If man made it, then you can use it.


ite

BEKEr RULISIO 1TH.

Possessed by: Repairmen, Security Experts, Hardware
Designers, Inventors

Specialties: Electronics, Computers, Cars, Security
Systems

Knowledges
Computer

You understand how to operate and program computers.
You may also be able to design your own system. If you wish to
break into a computer system, you need this Knowledge.

. Student: You can boot up a video game.

oe College: You made at least a B in Data
Processing 101.

eee Masters: You are a competent programmer,
and can design your own software.

cece Doctorate: You make a living scamming Ma
Bell.

eeeee Scholar: You could probably design an Al.

Possessed by: Programmers, Data Processors, Gamers,
Students, Hackers

Specialties: Hacking, Virus Programs, Retrieving Data

Cosmology

The unseen world of the Umbra holds many secrets. This
Trait reflects how many of these secrets you understand. The
Umbra is unknowably vast, so no one can ever know all its
secrets (besides, it has the frustrating tendency to change,
especially in the Deep Umbra). Possession of this Knowledge
indicates that a mage knows something of the forces that
shape, and dwell within, the Umbra. The "geography" and
myriad realms of this invisible world can also be learned.

The relationship between this Knowledge and the Sphere
of Spirit is delicate. The Sphere indicates an ability to manipu-
late things of the Umbra while this Trait indicates knowledge
about the Umbra.

° Student: At least you know it exists.
College: You know some spots to avoid.
Masters: You can get around pretty well.
Doctorate: You know the location ofa Dream
Warp.
eeeee Scholar: You have been through the Dream

Warp and survived.

Possessed by: Mages, Garou, Demons
Specialties: Celestines, Travel, Near Umbra, Pluto

Culture

Understanding the behavior, beliefs, art, institutions and
general thought patterns of a society is part of this Knowledge.
Possessing such information allows more than just knowledge
ofhow people act, but why as well. This is extremely important
if a person wishes to interact with a culture, or, as many mages
wish, to change or influence a culture.


rg ai Ui feats

This Knowledge provides an understanding of past and Law
present cultures, an ability to quickly pick up cultural details of
anew society, and indicates a talent for blending into the local

The law is not a thing to trifle with and those with
knowledge of the law are well able to use it to their advantage.

society. Seeman j Fi cal If you ever want to get out of jail, this Ability is essential.
5 . boosof the:
tudent: You know afew tal : jotrhe culture: . Student: Practical knowledge, police officer
. College: You probably won't get lynched. % College: Prelaw, beginning lawyer
Masters: You understand all levels of many eee Masters: Lawyer, full partner

tures.
cultures. Doctorate: Judge

Scholar: Supreme Court Justice

Doctorate: Youcan recount the pastand predict
the future of a culture.
Scholar: Indiana Jones
Possessed by: Archaeologists, Pollsters, Artists, Politicians
Specialties: Religion, Politics, Ancient Rome, Faerie,
Garou, Vampire

Enigmas

Puzzles and problems occupy your imagination — in fact,
you may even enjoy being perplexed. Learning and solving
riddles of all sorts is a passion, and this interest has given you
a knack for piecing together and remembering information
vital to understanding problems of many kinds.

Enigmas is an Ability that assists players in solving the
mysteries created by the Storyteller. It is irreplaceable for

Possessed by: Police, Lawyers, Judges, Detectives, Crimi-
nals, TV Viewers, Legislators

Specialties: Courts, Contract, Litigation, Criminal, Police
Procedure

Linguistics

Itisassumed that you can speak your natural language, but
you must purchase any other languages that you wish your
character to speak. Each level of Linguistics allows your
character to speak another language fluently. Linguistics also
givesacharacteran understanding of the structure of language,
which isin turn the basis of thought. With this Ability, youcan
identify accents or read lips.

. Student: One additional language
divining secret pathways to lost realms, answering the riddles - Gulls Teoaddiiccel | E
of mystical guardians, or even when trying to navigate the See twoedaiional angus
paper trails of modern bureaucracies. ooo Masters: Three additional languages
. Student: You can put together a 100-piece $ Doctorate: Four additional languages
jigsaw puzzle. . Scholar: Five additional languages
ee College: You can guess the outcome of a Possessed by: Travelers, Scholars, Diplomats, Interpreters
mystery novel. Specialties: Curses, Technical, Diplomatic, Political
ooo Masters: You can do Rubik's Cube in an hour. oa
eee — Doctorate: You'd have whipped Gollum Medicine
without hobbit trickery. Medicine is the study of the human body and the tech-

@eeee Scholar: YoucouldfinishanOracle'ssentence.  Miques used to cure its ills. It includes knowledge of the

osecenedl by: Cvcacwordl Bust |e Devonees'@en Enthanlased structure and functions of the body, the use of medicine, and
Gane Players, Meas = % the diagnosis and treatment of disease.

Specialties: Ancient, Riddles, Visual, Oracles . Student: You know the basics of setting bones
and preventing shock.
Investigation oe College: Youhave paramedic-quality training.
You are trained to notice all sorts of details that others eee Masters: You are a doctor and can diagnose
might miss, and at high levels may function asa detective. This and treat diseases.
Knowledge provides an ability to find clues, perform forensic eeee Doctorate: You can perform surgery.
analysis and predict crime patterns. e@eeee Scholar: You are a specialist of great renown.
. Student: Amateur detective Possessed by: Doctors, Paramedics, Rescue Rangers
a oo College: Police officer Specialties: Pharmaceutical, Paramedics, Emergency Care,
eee Masters: Private detective Disease, Neurosurgery
Doctorate: FBI, CIA, KGB, MI 5, Interpol .
sects Occult
oo Scholar: Shedlock Holmes You are knowledgeable in all areas of the occult. This

understanding of the more sinister side of the world includes
knowledge of curses, voodoo, magic and mysticism. This
Knowledge is of the utmost interest to many mages.

Possessed by: Detectives, Insurance Investigators, Re-
porters, FBI Agents, Intelligence Agents
Specialties: Search, Prowl, Tail, Detective Work


cbr.

i Student: You suspect it wasn't coincidence.

oe College: The magickal world is open to you.

ooo Masters: There are more than mages out there,
and you knowa lot about these other residents
of the World of Darkness.

Doctorate: You can separate truth from fancy.

Scholar: An Oracle could learn a bit of trivia
from you.

Possessed by: Weirdoes, New Agers, Scholars, the curious
Specialties: Vampires, Witches, Mystical Powers

Science
You have at least a basic understanding of physics, chem-

stry, botany, biology, geology, astronomy and other sciences.
Your Knowledge deals with the useful applications of science.

° Student: You can make smoke bombs with a
chemistry set.

oe College: You understand the major theories
and applications.

ooo Masters: Youcould teach high-school science.
Doctorate: You might win a Nobel Prize
someday.

Scholar: Albert Einstein

Possessed by: Engineers, Researchers, Inventors,
Technicians, Pilots

Specialties: Biology, Physics, Chemistry, Astronomy,
Relativity, Nuclear Physics

Backgrounds

Apart, outside, who can escape?
Our destiny confirmed in fate.
— Bad Brains, "Re-Ignition"

These Traits describe the special advantages of
your character. You must choose why and how
you came to possess these particular Traits.
How did you gain your Talisman? Who was
your Mentor? You need to make sense out of
your Backgrounds and integrate them into your
character concept.

A Background can sometimes be used in con-
junction with an Attribute, such as rolling
Charisma + Influence to get the police off your back, or
Manipulation + Mentor to convince your teacher to instruct
you in the ways of the Forces Sphere.

Backgrounds cannot be increased with experience points.
They can only be improved through the actual events of the
story.

Allies

In their travels, mages often encounter a variety of inter-
esting people (and other beings). While many of these are
regrettably hostile, some befriend and aid the mage. These
Allies can be Acolytes, influential Sleepers, or even magical
beings.

Each dot in this Background gives the mage one Ally, or
increases the power of an already existing Ally (thus, five dots
in the Allies Background could indicate five Allies of moder-
ate power, or one extremely powerful entity). Nearly anyone
(oranything) can be a mage's Ally, though it is safe to say that
such an Ally will be unusual in one way or another. Some
mages even have extradimensional creatures, spirit beings,

vampires, or magical animals as Allies (these latter are often
called "familiars").

. One Ally, of moderate power
. Two Alllies, or one more powerful Ally
eee Three Allies, orfewer Alliesof correspondingly

greater power

eeee — Four Allies, or fewer Allies of correspondingly
greater power

eecee Five Allies, or fewer Allies of correspondingly
greater power

Arcane

Magesare inherently mysterious people. While they have
existed among humanity since before the Stone Age, they are
rarely noticed for what they are. This is in large part because of
their reticence and solitary nature, but mages also possess a
mystic ability to avoid the limelight. This is aside effect of their
coincidental magick powers. This frustrating quality can
sometimes interfere with the mage's friends, who often have a
difficult time finding her. In large part this Trait reflects the
inscrutable nature of mages.

Characters with high Arcane ratings tend, for example,
nottoshow upon television. They are not invisible to the lens,
but the camera never seems to focus on them. These mages
leave little to no paper trail, so they may not be on computer
files even if they were born after the advent of Social Security
numbers in the USA.

Each point in Arcane renders it more difficult for enemies
of the mage to make sure they are talking about the same


person. Assassination attempts meant for the mage may be
misdirected toward the wrong person, sometimes to the cha-
grin of the mage's companions.

Whenever another being attempts to locate the mage, or
information about the mage, subtract the mage's Arcane
rating from the opponent's Perception to judge the extent of
the opponent's confusion. A result of less than one means the
opponent has no hope of finding the mage. A mage may also
add her rating in Arcane to her Stealth Dice Pool.

Note that this Background is not synonymous with invis-
ibility; it is more akin to "clouding minds" and does not, for
example, protect the mage in combat. Arcane may be con-
sciously dampened by the mage, allowing people to find her
more easily.

° Easy to overlook

. Where did he go?

° Very difficult to follow
. A needle in a haystack
eeece

Which grain of sand?

Avatar

The soul is what differentiates humans from animals. It
allows people to interact with the world and not merely react.
Mages possess more powerful souls, which are called Avatars.
Avatars are purer fragments of the original Prime (from which
all souls descended) than are the souls of most Sleepers. The
sheer potency of the mage's Avatar is determined by this Trait.
Lack of this Trait simply means the mage's Avatar is not
exceptionally potent, though it is still far more powerful than
that of most Sleepers.

The primary benefit of this Background is very simple. It
represents the size of the base pool of Quintessence a character
possesses. Whenever a character's Quintessence rating dips
below her score in this Trait, she automatically reabsorbs
Quintessence aftersuccessfully meditating (Perception + Medi-
tation; difficulty 7) in a Node for at least an hour. The number
of successes determines how much Quintessence is regained,
though the amount cannot be greater than the rating of this
Trait or the rating of the Node.

Quintessence that a mage gains from his Avatar may not
be stored or channeled to another mage. Quintessence gained
from a mage's Avatar is innate to the mage and may only be
used by him. In essence, it is part of his Pattern and therefore
untouchable.

This mage's rating in this Background is also the limit on
the number of Quintessence points that may be spent in a
single turn in order to reduce the difficulty of a magick roll.

Some mages claim that there are distinct lineages of
Avatars, which they call Families. What these connections
might mean if they existed is unknown to all save possibly the
Oracles.

. May rebuild a pool of one Quintessence

ee May rebuild a pool of two Quintessence

May rebuild a pool of three Quintessence
© May rebuild a pool of four Quintessence

eeeee May rebuild a pool of five Quintessence

Destiny

This Trait delineates an important way that mages grant
status and recognition to one another. Status in most societies
isa reflection of one's position in the society (the President has
more status than a police chief). Among mages, however, the
Destiny Background — the ultimate potential of the mage to
alter reality — grants status. A mage with a huge Avatar
fragment and an honored Mentor may have low status if other
mages discern that he is of little promise, while a self-taught
mage with only a touch more Avatar than a mortal may be
revered if other mages detect a great Destiny about her.

Inaddition, a mage with a high Destiny rating is obviously
fated for great things. Though even the Oracles have been
wrong on occasion, mages of Destiny rarely die early, igno-
minious deaths. Destiny has been known to lead a mage
through trials and tribulations to her ultimate fate. Once per
game session, the mage may roll a number of dice equal to her
Destiny rating (difficulty 8). Each success scored on this roll
enables the mage to regain one Willpower point — the surety
of the character's Destiny has reaffirmed her faith and will to
live.

Remember, though, that the Destiny rating means just
that — the mage is destined to accomplish some great feat, or
save countless souls, or die facing overwhelming odds in
valiant battle, or even turn to the forces of evil. One day, the
Storyteller should call the Destiny due...

. Mage of merit; roll one die

oe A creditable mage; roll two dice

Mage of promise; roll three dice

A respected mage; roll four dice
¢ — Arevered mage; roll five dice

Dream

Even mages do not know all the secrets of the universe.
However, mages may access many of these secrets, provided
they can tap into the correct repositories of knowledge.

Dream indicates the depth to whicha mage can delve into
Prime, the Universal Unconscious. In game play this means
that a character may be able to access information or gain
answers she cannot possibly know. A character's Dream rating
may be used to enhance any Ability, or even substitute for an
Ability in which the character has no ranking. The player may
elect to use the character's Dream Background rating in lieu of
the character's normal Ability rating. For example, the char-
acter is diagnosing an injured friend and must roll Intelligence
+ Medicine. The character has no rating in Medicine, so
instead she connects with the Universal Unconscious, allow-
ing the player to roll Intelligence + Dream.


it Abilityperday,soonce
Medicine is chosen, the character may only use Dream as &
substitute for that Ability until the end of the day
Dream mayallow the use of Abilities in completely alien
situations where no other Ability would be useful, such as
Intelligence + Dream (for Linguistics) to understand the
language of a creature from another Realm.
. Hazy bits of infom n be gleaned.
Respectable lessons can be leamed
Worthwhile lore is available

Astounding insights are possible

Influence

Influence reflects a mage's ability to affect th
community through channels of communication within the
society. There will always be an open table at her favorite
restaurant. Sound bites of the mage will appear on television,
yew Acolytes (roll Charisma + Influence).

Influence could be the result of a prestigious family
celebrity status, or holding political office. This Background
detract from a mage's standing in the eyes of her peers

Influence can be paired with many other Traits for the
purposes of dice rolls. This is particularly applicable when a

probably won't contradict her (atleast publicly). Influence is,

rally effective only within the mage's own culture unless
ts, in which case the mage may be

ely influential; alwayscalledon when
Well-connected; you have important things
Position of influence;pcopleseck your opinion
Broad personal power; a few comments could
see Vastly influential; when youtalk people listen

Library

Some mages have the immediate benefit of a library of
tomes full of magickal knowledge. Such tomes could have
been gifts from the mage's Mentor or they may have belonged
to the character before he even Awakened. Such tomes are
rated in study points and may be used to leam Spheres; this
process is described in Chapter Eight. The total number of
study points the mage has in his library depends on his rating.
in this Trait. [tis common for mages to keep their tomes at the


Chantry library, andtoshare them freely with the othersin the
cabal

5 seudy points

10 study points

15 study points

20 study points

25 study points

Mentor

Nearly all apprentices are Awakened and taught by a
mage known as the Mentor. This individual is not only a
teacher, but an advisor and spiritual guide. The relationship
between apprentice and Mentor can be very close and often
continues well after the apprentice becomes a full mage. Not
all Mentors are the first teachers of a mage; any elder mage who
befriends a younger mage can be called a mentor.

Socially speaking, a Mentor is an invaluable advisor. A
mage who is guided through wizard society by a Mentor will
more easily find teachers, avoid dangerous rivalries, hide from
the Technomancers, and understand the power structure

This Trait describes the power and capabilities of the
mage's Mentor. Mentors are important based on how much
theyknow and thus how much they can teach (fortis assumed
theyare interested in passing their secretson toothers). Atthe
Storytellers discretion, though, a player may mix and match
attitude and knowledge. For example, a mage may have a
Mentor who will tell her everything he knows, though that's
not much. On the other hand, the Mentor may be acrotchety
cold hag who knows a lot but is generally unavailable. Both of
these could be Mentor 3.

Mentors can teach Spheres and Abilities to mages as per
Chapter Eight, but this will be done only rarely; they are
primarily information brokers.

Mentors may also protect a mage from danger and inform
her of opportunities she might otherwise

Mentor may expect some favors in exchange for the informa:
tion and assistance he provides. This could be as simple as
eepinghis books in order, or asdangerousasretrievingstrange
axtifacts from the Deep Umbra. In general, though, the mage
receives much more from her Mentor than he requires ofthe

ge.
Mentor knows a little of import

Mentor has some noteworthy pieces of
information.

Mentor has significant secrets to share.
Mentor has extraordinary knowledge to pass
along.

If your Mentor doesn't know it then maybe no
one does.


sities

Node

This Background is arguably the most important, because
tdetermines how much Quintessence is available to the cabal
rach month. Nodes are extremely valuable, and are magnifi-
sent advantages for new mages. They are the backbone of a
sabal, and the genesis of a future Chantry. Nodes can be
ocated nearly anywhere — in church cellars, in the backs of
sookstores, or in graveyards.

This Background Trait does not apply directly to the
character, but rather to the entire cabal. In fact, the total
amount that all the mage characters in the cabal spend on this
Trait is added together to determine the power of the cabal's
Node. The Node's Quintessence appears in the form of Tass,
which makes it easily transportable, though easily stolen. The
tharacters should decide what physical form the Tass from
their Node takes. This free Quintessence produced by the
Node is in addition to any Quintessence gained by the recharg-
ing of an Avatar (see the Avatar Background, above).

° One Quintessence
ee Two Quintessence
ooo Three Quintessence

Four Quintessence
Five Quintessence

Peas deh a7 ise as

Talisman

Talismans are items with large amounts of Quintessence
bound into them. This Quintessence was channeled at the
time of the Talisman'screation to helpamage use magick. This
Background Trait allows some mages to begin the game with
a Talisman already in their possession. The Talisman could be
a gift from a Mentor, an incredibly lucky find at an antique
shop, ora family heirloom. The rating of this Trait determines
the power of the Talisman.

More importantly, this Trait is rolled whenever a mage
attempts to create a Talisman of his own. See Chapter Eight
for more details on enchanting Talismans.

To help you determine approximate power levels for
Talismans, an example has been provided with each rating.
These items may be found in the Appendix.

. A minor Talisman (Spirit Helmet)

oe A useful Talisman (Sword of Discharge)

eee A Talisman ofsignificant power (X-ray glasses)

eoce A much-sought Talisman mentioned in many
texts (Peacemaker)

eocee

A Talisman of incredible power (Prodigy)

Arete

What I see before me, around me, is the future of humanity.
— Isaac Asimov, Forward the Foundation

The Arete Trait is probably the most im-
portant of all a mage's Traits. It embodies what
§ mages are all about — understanding the truth
| of reality. Varying levels of enlightenment
among mages, and disputes about what is right
for mankind, have pitted mage against mage in
| recent times, but Arete is still the main pursuit
@ of workers of magick.

Arete has many practical effects on mage
characters in the game, and these are outlined below.

Effects of Arete

© A mage's Arete rating indicates the maximum number
of dice she may choose to roll when using magick. If the mage
doesn't understand reality very well, she simply isn't able to
circumvent it as well.

¢ Each point of Arete indicates that a mage no longer
needs to rely on certain foci to use magick. Beginning at rating
twoin Arete, a mage may ignore the requirement of a focus for
one Sphere (chosen by the player). At rating three, two

Spheres may be used without a focus, and so on. See Foci in
Chapter Eight for more information.

Finally, a mage's ratings in her Spheres are limited by
Arete. General enlightenment must be gained before specific
wisdom may be applied. A mage may never have a rating in a
Sphere greater than her rating in Arete, which means no mage
with an Arete score of less than six is considered for member-
ship among the Oracles.

2 Superficial

. Ignorant
Unenlightened
Dreamy
Quixotic
Discerning

Understanding
Perspicacious
Wise
Visionary
Enlightened


fe
aa

Willpower

— Rush, "Freewi

Willpower measures the capability of a charac-
ter to overcome the urges and desires that may
tempt her. However, unlike other Traits, it is
not something you roll (at least not often);
Willpower is something that you use up. When
you use a point of Willpower, you remove it
from your character's Willpower Pool (the
squares), not from the Willpower rating (the
circles). The rating stays constant, while the
Pool gets used up during the story.

Willpower from the Willpower Pool goes up and down a
great deal during a story. It decreases by one every time the
player uses a Willpower point to have his character do some-
thing extraordinary, such as retain self-control or gain an
automatic success. Eventually, the character will have no
Willpower left and will no longer be able to exert himself the
way he once did. The character is mentally exhausted and
can't rouse himself enough to give adamn—he's expended all
his Willpower.

Willpower is used as a difficulty for many kinds of rolls.
The value of the Willpower Pool is always the rating used in
such cases, unless the target is a mage. In this case, the mage's
Willpower rating is the difficulty.

° Weak

. Timid

Unassertive
Diffident
Certain
Confident
. Strong
ee Controlled

Tron-willed
Unshakable

Osing Willpower
‘Do as thow wilt' shall be the whole of the law.

— Aleister Crowley

¢ A Willpower point can be spent to gain one automatic
success in an action. Only one point of Willpower can be used
in this way on a single turn, but it gives a single guaranteed
success. In this fashion it is possible to succeed automatically
in any simple action, simply by concentrating. For extended
rolls, the extra success can mean the critical difference be-
tween success and failure. There are some situations in which

You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice. If you
choose not to decide you still have made a choice. You can choose
‘ from phantom fears and vipers that can kill. I will chooseapath that's
clear. I will choose Free Will.

the Storyteller may not allow such use of Willpower. Sleepers
may not use Willpower in this way.

© On some occasions, the Storyteller may tell you that
your character does something because of instinct, primal urge
or gut reaction ("You nervously blunder your magick as a wave
of Paradox energy rises to crush you."). You can use a point of
Willpower to avoid this and do as you please. However, the
feeling might return and another Willpower point might be
required. Sometimes it will return more times than you have
Willpower, while at other times you may completely over:
come the urge.

Recovering Willpower
Well, by the force of will my lungs are filled and so I breathe.
— 10,000 Maniacs, "Like the Weather"

A character recovers her Willpower Pool whenever she is
able to rest or gets a chance to restore her self-confidence. The
Storyteller must decide when and how a character recovers
Willpower.

Listed below are four different ways through which a
character can regain Willpower. This does not have anything
to do with the Willpower rating (which can be changed only
with experience).

 Acthe end of the story (nota game session), characters
regain their Willpower — all of it is recovered, up to the
amount of the Willpower rating. The Storyteller may wish to
restrict points restored, insisting that characters first attain
some modicum of self-pride or achieve moderate success in the
story.

¢ A character achieves some special success during the
story that the Storyteller judges would cause her to recover her
self-confidence (and thus all or some of her Willpower). (e.g.:
You rescue your Mentor from the Technocracy just before he
was plugged into a Quintessence Vat. Regain three Willpower
points. )

* You fulfill some criterion of the character's chosen
Archetypes, thus regaining from one to three Willpower
points, subject to Storyteller judgment. This must be achieved
through roleplaying and approved by the Storyteller. (e.g.: As
aConniver, you manage to trick the bartender into giving you
the key to his car. Regain two Willpower for the scam.)

© A character with the Destiny Background may regain
Willpower during the game as a function of being led toward
higher goals. (e.g.: A mage with a Destiny rating of 3 is trapped

in an alley by two Superiors. The mage is obviously not


destined to die at the hands of such lowly creatures, and the
player thus rolls three dice against a difficulty of eight. Two
successes are scored, and the mage regains two points of
Willpower.)

If none of the above options suits your style of play,
consider allowing the characters to regain one point of Will
power after they wake up each moming. Thismethod issimple
and guarantees a steady recovery of Willpower.

Quintessence
and Paradox

Implicit im the concept of Strange Loops is the concept of
infniey, since what elseis loop buta wey of representing a endless
process a finite way?

Douglas R. Hofstadter, Godel, Escher, Bach: An
Btemal Golden Braid

together in a unique manner. Most Traits are
added together and then rolled, but these two

operate as opposites on a circular continuum of

20 points. Quintessence is measured from the
left-hand marker going clockwise, while Para

dox is measured from the same point but
counterclockwise

Prime a mage has within him. A mage can literally be
battery, storing a portion of the ambient energy that cre:
nd guides reality. This energy may then be used by the m:
the opposite. This Trait reflects how much of an aberration to
reality the mage has become. Instead of unifying with reality,
asa mage essentially does when he stores Quintessence energy
‘a mage becomes a blight upon reality as his Paradox rating
increases. The benefits and penalties of these Traits are listed
below

Traits threaten to overlap on their circular track. When they
do s0, Paradox always takes precedence, so Paradox always
elimina

itself on the circle. For example, if mage with Quintessence
4and Paradox five suddenly gains three pointsof Paradox, the
first Paradox point fills the remaining
latter two erase two squares of Quintessence and replace them

‘empty square, but the

with twopoints of Paradox. On the otherhand, ifthe mage has
10 Quintessence and eight Paradox, and gains three points of
Quintessence, he can only hold two of them in the Ith and
12th positions, as the next circle already marks Paradox.
Because these ratings will sometimes touch on the circular
filingthe squares, like check marks for Quintessence and"X's
for Paradox.

Quintessence

All around baby, you can see
You're making your own reality, every day because
Enlightenment, don't know what it is

— Van Morrison, "Enlightenment"

* Quintessence is gained by virtue of possessing a large
Avatar (the Background Trait) or by absorbing it from some
another source, like a Talisman, mystical site, or the reservoir
at the mage's Chantry.

* Quintessence may be spent to decrease the difficulty of
amagickal effect roll. Each point of Quintessence spent lowers
the difficulty of the roll by one. Quintessence spent in this way
may affect either coincidental magick or vulgar magick rolls.
Truly stupendous feats of magick may be accomplished by
using Quintessence in this way.

Paradox

I think that paradoxes are artifacts of human limitations, our
own perceptions of reality.

— Arlan Andrews, Science Fiction Age

* Paradox can be gained every time a mage rolls to use
magick. The threat from Paradox is increased when a mage
uses vulgar magick. Complete rules for this are given in
Chapter Eight.

© A character's rating in Paradox indicates the level of
Quiet that affects him. Quiet is fully described in Chapter
Eight; in brief, it rates the degree of a mage's "insanity." While
in a state of Quiet, a mage sees things that don't exist and
doesn't see things that do.

Health

I cut clean across just as the net descended
I'ma sandman and I'm a soldier

I'ma Wrecker of Engines
The Jack Rubies, "Wrecker of Engines"

The Health Trait measures how hale and hearty a char.
acter is. There are various levels of injury, and each applies ¢
different penalty to the person so injured. A character who it
Hurt, -1, has one fewer die to roll on all her rolls, while ¢
character who is Crippled, -5, has five fewer dice to roll. If thi:
leaves the player with no dice to roll, then the characte
cannot attempt the action.


Health Levels

‘Character is only bruised and has no action penalties.
Character is only mildly hurt; movement isn't hindered.

Injured: "Minor injuries; little hindrance to movement.

Wounded 2 Character cannot run, but can still walk

Mauled: (Character is badly injured and can only hobble about:

Crippled: (Character is severely injured and can only craw.

incapacitated: (Character is completely incapable of movernent:

‘A mage who is Incapacitated is very close to death; if she loses one more Health Level, she dies.



Sanders sleeps restlessly. Still, he does not hear the window
open, nor does he see the dark figure climb through it. When
the hot breeze disturbs the conditioned air of the room, he
begins to stir, but as she stands above him, he still sleeps.
Wake up, darling,

His eyes open instantly. "Amanda?" Startled, suspicious. She
slings her bag onto the bed and sits beside him, says nothing
"Where have you been?

She leans over him... "On the run, lying low."... leans farther
kisses him. "Getting an education." He's puzzled, wary, but
beginning to relax
Fool.

He tries to sit up, to take charge of the situation... control her
again, and she hates him for the attempt

She won't fall for that no
she's much stronger than he remembers.
Our backers were not pleased at the results of your last
assignment."
She stops what she's doing, draws back. "Didn't you miss
me?" she says, one hand on his chest, the other on
the clasps of the bag,

The Senator is still alive, Amanda. His aides say you never
showed." And his hands curl loosely around her
wrist and throat
"1 guess not. Is there a new mistress or have you stooped to
sleeping with your wife?

Now he smiles, sure of her again: jealousy is easily manipu

lated. "Very well. Tomorrow we will arrange for you to com-

plete your commission... and tonight you may stay here."
Enough. The sight tells true... there is nothing here worth saving,
She pulls lightly on the doll, drawing it from the bag.
One-handed, she knots a cord around it.

I'm not going to kill the Senator," she says, and his face clouds
with wrath, so fierce he doesn't notice the moving sheets. "He
has time left, a good life. But you, Sanders, you don't."
"Amanda!" More anger, swiftly turning to fear as he tries to
pull free from the twisting fabric. His hand darts under the
pillow — but the gun is already in her hand
She scares him. Good.

"Not with this. I remember the knife was always your favor-
ite."... and she cuts the doll open, cuts the soul free of his
staring corpse. "Better luck next time, Sanders."



You see, people tll us from the
and such and so and so, and naterally we
the way people have been telling us it is

sorcerers tell you iis.

Don Juan talking to Car

Magick is "the process of causing reality to conform with
will" Ie is the actual Through magick, all
things are possible, and whatever the mage desires to be, shall

be. This is far different from magic (without the "k"), which is
nothing more than stage

s of misdirection and illusion
performed by entertainers. True n

ened understanding of reality and an iron willpower to bend
that reality

‘The appearance of magickoften seemsquite innocuousto
those who have been fed youthful stories of fantasy and fable.
The bedazaling displays of power described in storybook leg:
cendsare well within the capabilities of mages, but mages often
conceal their magick behind a veil of the everyday. Ifa mage

saldenly desires to transport himself across town and just as
suddenly an open taxi rolls up to

yearby curb, then the

wwe are born that the world is such
have no choice but to see the world
Yesterday the world became as

los Castaneda, Joumey to Ixtlan

has fulfilled his desire to get across town by causing the
taxi oarrive. An unenlightened observer might call th
arrival luck, but mages create their own luck. Certainly, the
unenlightened would not say that magick has taken place —
desire
she has

afterall, where were the pyrotechnics? Yet the mag.
torransport himself across town has now be
indeed performed magick

Inthe very same context,a mage who desires to wipe acity
offthe explosion might also actualiz
her desire and create such an effect. Sometimes true magick
makes the fables scem tame

This chapter studies the use of magick in Mage, including
its scope of effects, how itis organized by mages for study, and
the consequences ofits use.


Metaphysic of
Magick

These Metaphysics of magicians

And necromantic books are heavenly:

Lines, circles, signs, letters, and characters—

Aye, these are those that Faustus most desires

— Christopher Marlowe, Lifeand Death of Dr. Faustus

In the real world, humanity predominantly
takesan object-oriented view of reality. Through
science, we seek a better understanding of na-
ture and the laws of our universe. The precept
of science is that by observing nature, we can
@ increase our understanding of how it functions.
It presupposes that there is a single, definite,
objective description of reality that is out there
waiting to be discovered and understood.

In the game of Mage, this system is completely inverted.
Most mages believe in a subject-oriented metaphysics that
they call the Metaphysic of Magick. They believe that obser-
vation of nature does not build understanding and belief;
rather, one's own thoughts and beliefs build nature. In other
words, they believe that the universe is not founded on set
cause-and-effect relationships waiting to be discovered and
identified by science, but rather that the minds of those inside
reality define the nature of the universe based on their beliefs.
If people believe that the Earth is a sphere, or that DNA
encodes life, or in Newton's law of gravity, then those beliefs
define cause to operate that way.

This Metaphysic of Magick is instrumental to a mage's
ability to shape reality to his desires. A mage's rating in Arete
essentially designates how well he hasabsorbed thismetaphysic
into his thought processes. Before a mage can perform magick,
he must realize that simply by believing in a reality that

behaves a certain way, the mage is free to work within the
confines of his imagined reality. He can enact any phenom-
enon that the laws of his own reality allow.

Static Reality

Some things will never change

That's just the way it is

But don't you believe them.

— Bruce Homsby, "The Way It Is"

If reality is governed by the Metaphysic of Magick, one
mightask: how do the laws of nature on Earth remain so stable?
If each individual's beliefs shape reality around him, nothing
would be constant on Earth.

However, Earth's reality is based on the beliefs of its
population. It's a sort of average reality based on everyone's


collective belies. Because this realty is powered by the sen-
tience ofbillions ofpeople, itmaintainsaset structure of reality
‘on Earth. Mages call this average reality "static" reality. Static
reality ensures that gravity always pulls down andoone plus one
always equals two.

Well, almost always; mages are individuals who, by the
nature of their Avatars, possess enough willpower to break
ffom the confines of static reality and impose their own beliefs
upon the world. Even for mages, however, breaking the rules
‘of reality is neither easy nor inconsequential

Therefore, many Traditions and Chantries make it their
primary goal to implement their ideologies among humanity

The mages hope that their ideas wll gain enough acceptance
among the normal population to become part of static reality.
Mages across the world and throughout history have long
‘engaged in ideological struggles to gain a power base among
Earth's population and thereby control humanity's beliefs
Nogroupofmageshasever succeeded asthoroughly asthe
Technocracy has in the modem world. Now, the vast majority
of humanity does not understand or appreciate the Metaphysic
‘of Magick. The Earth's population has been duped by the
Technocracy into believing its brand of metaphysics. Under
the guise of "scientific discovery," the Technocracy deter-
mines which ideas are released into and accepted by the world.

Magickal Knowledge

‘Change your paradigm, your scheme for understanding and

explaining certain aspects of reality.

Stephen Covey

The Metaphysic of Magick allows a mage to
alter the nature of reality toconform tohis own
beliefs. However, in order for the mage to
perform any meaningful magickal effects, she
ust have a system of beliefs that allows indi
viduals to perform miraculous feats. The mage
rmusthave in mind what she wants reality tobe;
otherwise she is confined to working with
reality as iis
For instance, if a mage believed in a real
exactly like normal, static reality, hisown thoughts would only
reinforce that realty. fhe wanted to control electrical energy,
hewouldhavetoworkwithin the lawsof physics tomanipulate
the electrical energy. This would mean buying a generat
uwing conductive cables to route the energy, and getting
transformers, motors, ete

that was

If, however, the mage believed in his own alternate view
of reality, his own ideas of how electrical energy can be
‘controlled, then he could control electricity under the laws of
sd that the human.
tmind alone can generate and control electricity, then perhaps.
he could use his mind to do just that. To the general populace,
an individual who controls electricity with his thoughts is
miraculously altering the laws of reality, but to the mage, the
feat is well within the scope of his reality

‘The pursuit of magickal knowledge therefore is the pur-
suit of alternate viewpoints of reality. It involves finding and
studying beliefs to pursue a reality that allows the mage to do.
more. This is no easy task. Mages have been pursuing such
bodies of knowledge since the dawn of human civilization.
‘Simply saying that the human mind should be able to control,
cectricity is insufficient. The mage must answer the howsand

the reality in which he believes. fhe belie

whysthatexplain hisinterpretation of reality. By what method
‘an the human mind control the path of electrons?

The Nine Spheres of
Knowledge

‘Do you really imagine that you know everything about lif
The answer came back through the darkness in the same co
confident tone. "Yes."

— Albert

Samus, The Plague

Luckily forthe inexperienced mage, hispredecessors have
lefthim a lange body of knowledge. This great body of know!
edge is organized into the Nine Spheres of Knowledge, known
simply as the Spheres. The Spheres are named as follows

* Correspondence — the study of di

** Entropy — the study of progressive disorder

© Forces — the study of energy, in all of its forms.

* Life — the study of the biologi

‘© Matter — the study of physic:

‘© Mind — the study of sentience.

yensional space.

, nonliving pattems.

Prime — the study of quintessential reality.

© Spirit — the study of the ethereal

‘Time — the study of the temporal

As a mage studies a Sphere, she learns a body of theories
thatallows her to perform magickal effects. For example, with
enough study of Forces, a mage discovers how the human mind
can reweave the etheric Patterns that create electricity. Now
the mage control electricity

However, as with any pursuit, the beginning student
cannot perform at a doctorate level. As she progresses in her
studies, the mage gradually leams more and more about the
Spheres. As her knowledge increases, she becomes able to
work more and more miraculous effects.

Mose mages accept that the Nine Spheres cover every
aspect of reality that can be defined and controlled. Any


magickal effect can be achieved through the understanding
and application of one or more Spheres. Many effects also
require the mage to understand the relation between Spheres;
such relations are often called conjunctions, and the effects
thereof conjunctional magick.

The concept of rank, or dots in a Sphere, is purely a game
mechanic, and mage characters speak of their progression in
the Spheres differently. Many Traditions hold their own titles,
but generally a mage who possesses one to three dots in a
Sphere is termed a Disciple of that Sphere. At the fourth rank,
the mage is called an Adept, and at Rank Five she earns the
title of Master. These titles denote each Sphere, so one mage
who has studied several Spheres might be a Disciple of Spirit,
an Adept of Time, and a Master of Matter.

Note that each Tradition has its own way of approaching
the Spheres. The Do of the Akashic Brotherhood embodies a
different understanding of reality than the theology of the
Celestial Chorus. Nonetheless, Disciples of each Tradition
generally progress along similar lines, gaining similar "powers"
as they progress through their study of the Spheres. This also
lets characters of different Traditions support each other's
Ascension; the most open-minded mages advance the fastest.

Unfortunately, many Traditions now cling so strongly to
their own tenets that they have lost sight of the fact that these
tenets are themselves artificial. The ancestors of each Tradi-
tion understood the Metaphysic of Magick and therefore
deliberately created a concept of reality that was self-consis-

CONCEPTION

aoe

tent, allowed for paranormal effects, and was understandable
by the general unenlightened populace. The goal of each
Tradition was to build the best possible description of reality,
a description that would advance humanity to Ascension,

Current Disciples of most Traditions do not realize that
they are studying a subjective view of reality invented by the
founders of their Tradition. Even the Disciples' Mentors may
believe that they are teaching the one and only, true, objective
view of reality. Often, neither the student nor the tutor fully
understands the Metaphysic of Magick. Instead, each views
magick as an imposition of "true" reality over the false reality
of the general populace.

Luckily for such mages, this difference in philosophical
approach is a moot point until they achieve Mastery of a
Sphere. At this point, they have reached the limits of their
current understanding.

The Oracles

Infinite players play best when they become least necessary to
the continuation of play. It is for this reason they play as mortals
— James P. Carse, Finite and Infinite Games

At the point of Mastery, many mages cease to pursue
knowledge. These mages may (falsely) believe they have
reached a full understanding of reality, or perhaps they are
simply satisfied with their level of knowledge. These mages
often become the rulers of their Traditions, espousing their

PERCEPTION

beliefs and increasing the power of the Tradition within the
Tellurian.

However, a few mages realize that the beliefs of their
Tradition, to which they have been subscribing and from
which they have been drawing power, are imperfect and can
be improved. These mages become the Oracles of their Spheres.

The Oracles are a select group of mages who have super-
seded Mastery of a Sphere and now seek to transcend the
limitations of the Traditions by inventing a concept of reality

that allows for even greater feats. The Oracles of each Sphere
operate in secrecy.

Occasionally, they request service from lesser mages; even
more rarely, they venture forth from their sanctuary Realms to
spread word of developments in the Spheres or to undertake
their own perilous quests. Lesser mages are rarely allowed to
visit the nine sanctuary Realms of the Oracles. Those foolish
enough to try are usually driven mad by the alien nature of the
Realms long before they find the Oracles.

The Structure of Reality

Part of the purpose in magick is... to arrive, through the
faculties of feeling and of intellect, and finally arriving through
intuition itself, at a contact with the underlying substance of the

phenomena around us.

— Denning & Phillips, The Foundations of High

Magick

A truly enlightened mage would balk at the
question "what is the true structure of reality?"
The mage would explain that merely posing the
question reveals the questioner still to subscribe
to objective reality rather than understanding
the Metaphysic of Magick. Under the
. | Metaphysic of Magick, the structure of reality is
4 Y defined by belief, and as long as there are
SEE ifferent beliefs, there will never be one true
structure of reality.

However, just as different languages nonetheless possess
some similarities, there have emerged some "absolutes" con-
cerning the current structure of reality. Some mages, especially
the Dreamspeakers, argue that such structures derive not from
the similarities of belief among Traditions, but rather from the
sleeping mind of Gaia herself. Regardless, the vast majority of
mages hold certain aspects of reality to be constants, and their
Sphere theories are based upon these principles.

Each Tradition harbors a belief in four phases of reality:
Quintessence, Pattern, Spirit, and Physical. The interaction
between these four phases of reality is shown in the accompa-
nying diagram.

Quintessence

Let me be drawn up into the immensity. Into the darkness,
where nothing can be known:
— Peter Ackroyd, First Light

Quintessence is an indefinable thing. It is neither energy
nor matter, and while mages conceive of it as being found in
variable quantities called Tass, it is also commonly perceived
as an indivisible whole. Mages believe Quintessence to be the
basic building block of all reality; everything in reality —
matter, energy and the ethereal — is made from Quintessence.

Quintessence is the primary component of reality. Its true
nature cannot even be imagined by mages. Most mages believe
that there is a great cosmic pool of raw Quintessence that has

not been incorporated into anything, but rather floats free.
Anytime a new phenomenon is created in reality, Quintes-
sence is drawn from this pool to create it. Also, living things
maintain a link to this pool, as all Patterns of life are continu-
ally fed a trickle of Quintessence.

The study of Quintessence falls under the Sphere of
Prime. Mages who struggle to learn this Sphere attempt to
grasp the nature of quintessential reality.

Pattern

Reason cannot be suppressed or circumvented; it must be
accommodated.

— Donald Tyson, The New Magus

If Quintessence is the raw substance of all reality, then
Pattern is the means by which Quintessence is subdivided into
the various forms of reality. All types of energy, life and matter
have Patterns, which shape them and give them their unique
properties. How various Patterns interact and distort one
another translates into the known properties of reality. A
Pattern of gravity interacting with a Pattern of a raindrop
translates into a perception of a falling raindrop.

Patterns cannot be perceived (except possibly by the
Oracles), but their forms can be imagined by mages who study
them. Mages picture Patterns as webs of etheric material
woven into distinct designs. Mages often speak figuratively of
"weaving" or even "quilting" Patterns. Thus is derived the so-
called "tapestry" of reality and the "threads" that mages "fray."

Patterns are divided into three Spheres for study based on
the differences between the Patterns of Life, Forces (energy)
and Matter (the inanimate). The working of magic based on
these three Spheres is collectively called Pattern magick.
Pattern magick allows a mage to control every aspect of the
physical world. Mages who seek to master any type of Pattern
magick must also study the Sphere of Prime, because the act of
creating a new Pattern also requires some knowledge of and
control over the flow of Quintessence.


Spirit

‘When Quintessence is fueled by or stored in Pattems, a
true picture of reality called the spirit world is created. This
level of reality remains intangible to humanity at large. Mages,
however, see the spirit world asa truer picture of reality than
the physical world. The spirit world may be called the Umbra,
they argue, but in reality the physical world is but the shadow
ofthe spirit. The spirit world is the playground of most mages,
and many of their struggles are fought spiritually. Mages who
study the Sphere of Spirit lean how to exist and function in
the spirit world

Physical

Finally, the physical completes the spectrum. Physical
reality is the normal world perceived by al

Mages have charted spiritual and physical reality into a
cosmological map called the Tellurian. The spirit world
Gaia sts in the middle of the Tellurian; Earth is her physical
reality image. Along with the Realm of G
comprises many other regions: the Near Umbrae that surround
each different Realm; the Deep Umbra; the Horizon; the
Chimarae; and many other Realms, such as Arcadia (whose
physical reality is Earth's moon). While the planet Earth is
physical reality, other Realms have their own physical
realities, many of which lie undiscovered throughout the
Tellurian

‘Through the Metaphysic of Ma
the conceived reality (Quintessence
perceived reality (physical), The Technocracy feeds society

the Tellurian

k, mages believe

Creating Magickal Effects

the opposite view. The Technocracy has ensured that per|
ceived reality defines conceived reality, and because the
perceptions of modem science now take place in highly
specialized laboratories, it is relatively simple for|
Technomancers to control "perceived reality."

Such manipulation is not unlike a fascist government's
‘Orwellian propagandacampaign. The Technomancers largely
determine the course of human lives. They have made tech-
nology the tool of humanity at large and through it they
control the people. People today spend more time soaking up

‘Technomancer propaganda in front of a television than they
do sleeping,

Mind

Some mages argue that sentience, or soul, isthe single
thing that can exist without having Quintessence fed through
a Pattem, Ultimately, these mages argue, Quintessence is a
conception of the mind, andto say that sentience did not exist
before Quintessence sto buildaparadoxically circular thought.
Others argue that the mind conceiving of its own building
block does not violate the Metaphysic of Magick.

Mages who support the independence of the mind sil
agree that the biological body is made of Quintessence, but
they hold that the intellect it houses isnot. Along these lines,
some mages perceive t
quintessential reality. M:

«and space as likewise distinct from
y mages argue that time and space
are nothing but concepts created by the mind to interpret
ality. The debate over the origin ofthe mind ontinuesin the
‘meeting places of mages, primarily between Masters of Mind
and those of Prime.

Talk of magic in the Westem World as a spent force: sel

comgratat
discovered to be grou

of some mythology, however ludicrous, to keep them from compete

psychosis

— Clive Barker, Imajica

Armed with the understanding that whatever
the mage believes isteality becomesreality,and
versed in the use of the Spheres, the mage

ZF

should be able to accomplish any magi
effect. Unfortunately, itis not so easy. When a
mage's personal beliefs conflict with the be
of billions of sentients, che mage inevitably
faces appalling limitations when she attempts
magick

The contrast between the mage's reality and others'
reality is the key conflict that must be overcome to create a

f Pseudo-scenusts exchanging arcane
theories in a Language mo two of them agreed upon; or sexual
obsessives wsing the excuse of workings to demand favors they
can't seduce from their partners; or, most often,

s that had been infilrated and

sin search

magickal effect. This conflict has divided magick into two
forms: static or "coincidental" magick, and dynamic ot "vul
k. Bothtypes of magickare capable ofthe exacts
effects, but one seeks to work within the con
reality, while the other ignores real

These two forms of magick, along with the game rules for
using them, are described below. The niles foreach type are
very similarand the mechanics are relatively simple touse. To
unde

1s of static

ud some of the game rule terminology used in the
descriptions below, you will need to be familiar with the basic
use of dice as explained in Chapter Four.


Static or "Coincidental"
Magick

Magic is seldom spectacular because it seldom needs to be.
Donald Tyson, Ritwal Magic

Reality as we know itis based on the collective beliefs of
every sentient creature in the Gaia Realm. The pervasiveness
of these beliefs isa formidable barrier to mages. For example,
a mage would find it very difficult to become a 10-story-tall
giantand stomp through downtown Manhattan. Reality holds
thatsucha magickal feat isimpossible, aparadox,even though
the mage might believe otherwise

Mages, being "smarter than the average bear" types of
folks, tend to circumvent this restriction rather thar
head-on, Whenever possible, most mages allow the effects of

their magick to conform to what is commonly accepted as
possible. Thus, magickal effects often take the form of elabc
but not impossible, events

Forexample,a mage's enemy flees down a subway tunnel.
The mage desires the man dead and seeks to accomplish this

by smiting the man with a stroke of lightning. Th

Master of the Sphete of Forces, s0 he nply create
1m his fingertips, are i through.

ough the fl

ity hold that su

ning, send it crackling
ind ground it coearth th
him. However, the laws of re

an, killin

possible, andl therefore theclever mage alters how thismagickal
effect appears in physical reality

No bolt of lightning szales
man instead steps upon the high volta

m the tunnel; the fleeing.
subway tracks and is

electrocuted, The witnesses standing around the mage on the
subway platform view the event as a terrible accident. The
attack was successful
magick was altered. Of

mage, however, knows that his elect
and that only the appearance of th

course another mage witnessing the scene willalsoknow what
has actually transpired

Mages often refer to static ick as coincidental magick
because its effets so often appear tobe happenstance, luck or
accidents. Reality will go to amazing lengths to veil the most
powerful and dramatic magickal effects in the guise of the

believable. Mage characters find this effect to be very benef

cial, allowing the mage to preserve the secrecy of his magickal

art from humanity at large.

al sui
in the end accept what they saw as believable. A man would
be baffled by a mage who flipped a coin 100 times and had it
come up heads every time, and he might claim that the mage
‘was using a specially weighted coin, but he would not accuse

Asagen ick is static if Sleepers would

the mage of altering reality to make this happen.


Dynamic or "Vulgar"
Magick

For a sorcerer, relity, or the world as we all know, is onty a
description.

—Carlos Castaneda, Jouemey to Ixtlan

Forget the banal reality ofthe unenlightened masses. The
mage knows the road to true power. Why not flex his mystic
might forall to see?
Occasionally out
‘mage cannot bother wi

more often outof necessity, the

the limitations imposed by reality
He must rip reality apart and reform it to his whim. When a
mage performs magickal effects that cannot possibly be ex
plained logically, he is performing dynan
often refer tothisas vulgar magick because its
obscenity to normal re:

magick. Mages

pearance isan

A mage who uses dynamic magick may evoke awesome,
aking effects, burisk dire repercussions. Each time the
dynamic magick, he creates a c

weer on the
ofreality, and reality will ultimately deploy its defenses —
Paradox spirits.

The Process of Magick

Existence — well, w

Les it matter?
T've existed for the best use I can
The past is mow pat of my future
The present is well ou of hand.
Joy Division, "Heart and Soul"

Magick follows the steps discussed below. A nearby chart
also outlines the steps ina format that will both familiar

with these steps and make the learning process eas
1. The player describes the magick

fect (a
c magick).
The player controlling the mage character (or the Story-
teller ifthe character creating the magick effect isa Storyteller
aractet) must explain the magickal effect the
must be specific to the
sation at hand and specific to the exact effect the mage
desires. For example, i is better to describe a magick effect as
"I'l reweave the man's Life Pattern to stop his hear attack,
than "Til save his life." The player must explain what Sphere

knowledge his characteris usingand the nature of the magickal
effect.

will appear in physical reality if

seeks to create. The descrip

Once the magickal effect is determined, the player must
also describe how the effect will appear in physical reality ifthe
effect isa coincidental one. The player must devise a means by
which the same effect can result through a differen appearance.
The description can only involv
be at least remotely believable

realistic" events, and must
The events can be highly
as long as they are conceivably possible, the

he effect as static magick.


Magick Flowchart

Describethe Effect

‘When amage decides to use magick, the playes must describe the magickal effectanddecide
\whetherit iscoincidental or vulgar. Ifthe effet iscoincidental, the player must alsoexplain
the nature of the coincidence

L

Correct Spheres?

The Storyceller then determines whethet"or not the mage has sufficient power in the
appropriate Spheres to create the effect thephayer descabed

If the mage can create the effect, the Story
magickal effect roll. The base difficulty is thet
effec, plus three (soa Life 2, Time 3 effget hag diffculey of six). Difficulty modifiers are
listed on page 172

L
Determine Difficulty

+ must determine the difficulty of the
ing of the highest Sphere involved in the

Automatic
Su ss Rule

se player must nog determine whether

nagiek is syécaful. The automatic
8 ule i 6fte apron, but rarely will
‘esuccess be enough to create the effect
cemage desires

Vulgar Magickal
Effect Roll

The player must nomctermine whether
the magick is sugte If the magickal
effects vulgr, pig may olla um
terof dice upto the Mages highest ating
inthe Sphere(s) beng wed forthe effect
Each result equal to or greater than the
ifbcaley encom,

L

Coincidental
Magickal Effect Roll

The player must
the magick is gfe If dhe magickal
effecscoineidentalghie player may ella
number of dice up f0 the mage's Arete
rating. Each result equal torgreater than
the difficulty isa succes,

ne whether

the magickal effect to

Results

[Determine the remilts of the magickal efect using the number
Il. The rwo charts on pagel! 73 help determine damage, duration ot

of successes gained on

range
L \
Julgar Paradox With Vulgar Paradox Coincidental
Witness Without Witness Paradox
spending on the result of the magickal Depending on the result of the magickal Depending on the result of the magickal
fet rol, the mage may gain Paradox effect rll, the mage may gain Paradox diet ol the mage may gun Paradox pons

ines by using magick. If the magick is
gar and there gaa Sleeper witness, the
‘ge avromaciclly-gains a minimum of
ve Paradox pole if rh effect is success
The magecaitilsogpin Paradox poines
therolisbotched Tn this ase, the mage
tins wo Paradox points for each die
lied and the Storyteller rolls the same
ane of dice the player rolled to check
‘Paradox Backlash, For example, ifthe
ficlty ofthe rll iseight and the player
Us ix dice, scoring 9, 8, 6 1,1, ly the
‘age gains 12 Paradox points and the
torteller ols sx dice for Paradox Back-
sh

poines by using magick. If the magick is
vwulgarand chere « poSleeper witness, the
mage automatic ‘a minimum of
tone Paradox poi i 1 is success
ful The mage carlalso gah Paradox points
ifthe rolls botched Tn thiscase, the mage
gainsoneParadoxpointforeach de rolled.
For example, if the difficulty of the roll is
cight and the player roll six dice, scoring
9.8.6, 1.1, 1, the mage gains six Paradox
points.

by using magick. Ifthe magick is coincaden-
tal che mage can ony gin Paradox points if

cherolli the mage ins
one Paro esulcon the rll
thatisa alu or erexample the

difficulty ofthe rolliseightand the playerrolls
9,8,6, 1, 1, 1, the mage gains four Paradox
pointes

Countermagick and
Resistance

Another mage may use countatfaagick to reduce the power of
2 magickal effect (see Coundermagck on page 175); a victim
may also resist the magick with a Willpower or soak roll. Each
success gained in countermagick or resistance reduces the
fetacking mage's successes by one


‘Activity

‘Spend Quintessence

Near a Node 10-5
Fast-Cast +

Todescribe his character's magickal effect the player wil
need tocall on hiscreativity and hisown ability at storytelling,
The more plausible his explanation, the better the story will
flow.

Note that the player does not have to describe the
magick's "normal" appearance if the mage employs dynamic
magick. Vulgar magick is not bound by the laws of reality
Dynamic magick does not have a duplicity of appearance; it
appears in its true form.

Ifthe spell hasa target, the player should decide ifthe spell
affects its victim directly (putting her to sleep) ot indirectly
(creating a gas that puts the victim to sleep). This will affect
how the target can resistthe effect, as exp

ied in Step Seven.

Finally, the character should decide ifthe spell'seffectsare
instantaneous (a ball of flame that burns its victim and then
disappears) or sustained (causing a target's

m co wither),
Note further that with the exception of most Correspondence

magick, the character must be able to sense his target, usually

2. The Storyteller decides ifthe character is capable of
producing the desired magickal effect.

The Storyteller must decide whether the player is using
the proper Spheres (a character with no rating in Forces
cannot control a magnetic field) and whether the character's
ratingsin those: re sufficient toallow the character to
produce the effect (a character with one dot in the Time
Sphere does not yet understand how to travel into the future),

If the character is performing static magick, the Story-
teller must first decide if the events the player described are
possible within the bounds of reality

phere

For example, if the player describes his character becom:
{ng 10 stories tall, the Storyteller must rule that such a feat is
ossible within static reality. No possible circum:
stances can explain the appearance ofa 30-meter human. The
player must rethink his magickal effect while his character
similarly ponders for a game turn.

simply not

Most often, the player has confused the desired magickal
effect with the magick's appearance. The player should stop
and think: what specifically did the character want to accom-
plish by becoming 30 meters all; and, sit possible forthe effect
to manifest in some other way? If not, the character should
attempe the feat as dynamic magick. Ifa magick difficulty ever
exceeds 10, the the effect is not possible without an expend
ture of Quintessence.


‘Sphere Rank
‘One
Two

Three

Four
Five

3. The player determines the difficulty of the spell and
decides how to modify it.

If the effects the player describes are possible and are
within the characters ability, then the Storyteller needs to
determine how difficult they are to create. The base difficulty
ofany effect equals itshighest Sphere + 3. Thus, ifa mage tried
to cteate an effect that required Forces 4 and Time 2, the
difficulty would be seven (4 + 3).

A number of factors can raise or lower this difficulty. For
instance, spending a point of Quintessence decreases the
dificulty number by one. The mage exhausts his own store of
quintessential reality to mold reality o his whim. The maxi
mumamount of Quintessence that can be used in this fashion
‘equals the mage's rank in the Prime Sphere

Mages who take additional time working an effect may
also deduct one from their magickal difficulty ratings. Unless
the Storyteller rules otherwise, this re

ss no more than
‘aking an extra tur. The maximum reduction tothe difficulty
for takingex

me isone. On the otherhand, trying to-create
an effect quickly when the character would normally have to
spenda lot of time with afocus (Le.,a Virtual Adept having to
‘program his laptop before hisopponent an shoot at him) adkls

‘one to the difficulty

asting magick while on a Node lowers the difficulty of
magickal effects by a variable amount depending on how
powerful the Nodeis. Also, possessing some tem that wasonce
part of a target or meant a lot to him (ic, toenail clippings, a
favorite toy, ete.) can reduce the difficulty

On the other hand, trying to create a magickal effect

while distracted can be especially hard. Some mages have
trouble focusing on their view of reality while other events
compete for their attention. For instance, trying to create an
effect while driving a car would increase the difficulty by one,
while creating the same effect while driving a car, dialing the
car phone, listening to the car radio and carrying on a heated
debate would increase the difficulty by at least three.

4. The player decides how many dice to roll for the
magickal effect and makes the roll.

The test fora successful use of magick iscalled a magickal
effect roll. The more successes gained on this roll, the more
powerful the magickal effect will be, and the closer to the
image's desires the effect willl come.

When a character uses magick, the playercan choose how
many dice she wants to roll for the magickal effect. The
maximum number of dice allowed depends on whether the
effect is coincidental or vulgar. For coincidental magick the
dice limit is the mage's Arete rating. The limit forvulgareffects
is the mage's rating in the Sphere used for the effect. If
the effect is conjunctional, then limit is the rating of
highest Sphere involved.

For example, the maximum number of dice allowed for a
Life and Time effect is four if the mage's ratings in those
Spheres are Life 2 and Time 4. If the effect was purely part of
the Life Sphere then the dice limit would be two for a vulgar
effect or the mage's Arete if the effect was coincidental. A.
mage's Arete rating can, of course, be equal tothe rating of the
Sphere being used, in which case the dice limit isthe same for
coincidental or vulgar magick.

This limicis more restrictive for vulgar magick because it
is more difficult to overcome the structure of st

when a mage creates effects counter its nature.
story benefit aswell. Players are rewarded when they come up
with coincidences oexplain theirmagickasit will allow them
to roll more dice.

The "automatic success rule" (see Chapter Four) still
applies to magickal effect rolls, however, few effects will do
everything the player wants them to with only one success
Ability specialties (see Chapter Five) do pk
effets, even though a character cannot hat
Arete.

5. Determine whether the mage successfully created
the effect and what it actually does.

Aspreviously mentioned, one success is rarely enough to
create most effects. The accompanyingcharts show how many

ole in creating
a specialty in.

successes are needed to achieve certain results

Manipulating reality is an all-or-nothing affair. If the
character doesnot succeed in creating exactly what the player
called for, then nothing happens. Additionally, rolling more
successes than were needed does not necessarily evoke more
spectacular results

Damage is ased on the mage'srank in the Sphere causing
the harm. The number of successes scored on the magickal

Successes Range Duration
‘One Success Touch, ‘One tum
Two Successes ‘One close target One scene
‘Three Successes Immediate vicinity (all) ‘One day
Four Successes Immediate vicinity (selective), or line of sight (one target) One story
Five Successes
fata Teen Te MOTE DET shee OSES Tear fe EER fe EES Re EDT


effect oll ismultiplied by the damage multiplier, and the target
takes that many Health Levels of damage.

Results may also vary by Sphere. For instance, the Corre
spondence Sphere has its own Range chart, while the Time
‘Sphere has ts own Duration chart. Entropy, Forcesand Lfeall
hhave their own Damage charts. These charts can be found in
the Sphere descriptions later in this chapter.

If the playerscores no successes, or does not score enough
toachieve the resultshe wants, then nothing happens, though.
Quintessence spent to reduce the difficulty and/or Willpower
spent to achieve automatic successes are lost

6. Determine whether the mage has caught the atten-
tion of Paradox spirits.

Ifthe mage was attempting coincidental magick and the
‘magickal effect roll botches, the mage attracts the attention of
the forces of Paradox. She immediately gains a number of
Paradox points equal tothe number of dice rolled forthe effect.

If the mage was attempting vulgar magick without a
Sleeper observing her, and the roll borches, the mage gains a
number of Paradox points equal to the number of dice rolled
for the effect (as above). Additionally, the Storyteller imme-
diately rolls fora Paradox Backlash (see Chapter Eight), using
a number of dice equal to the number of dice rolled for the
magickal effect.

Ifthe mage was attempting vulgar magick with a Sleeper
observing her, and the roll botches, the mage gains a number
of Paradox points equal to twice the number of dice rolled for

the effect. Additionally, as above, the Storyteller immediately
rollsforaParadox Backlash, usinganumberofdice equaltothe
number of dice rolled for the magickal effect. Inany case, when
a mage successfully creates a vulgar effect that is observed by a
Sleeper, she automatically gains one point of Paradox.

7. Other mages may counter the effect and victims may
resist it.

‘Once the character has successfully created her effect,
other mages may use countermagick against it (see
‘Countermagick, below). Successes achieved with countermagick
remove successes from the character's magick effect rol. If
there are no longer enough successes to create the effect, the
character's effort fails

Ifa direct effect like Control Mind is directed against a
target who possesses Willpower, the victim
Trait used to resist is Willpower (dificulry 8); each success
removes one from the mage's successes. Again, ifthere are no
longer sufficient successes to create che effect, the effect fails.

Ifan indirecteffect like a lightning boltis directe:
a target, the target may soak the damage; no Willpower rol is
used. However, a character cannot soak a direct effect.

Only at this point, afterall defenses have hada chance to
function, does the Storyteller tell the character the results of
theeffect:ifithurt the victim, ifthe character teleported, ifthe
flow of time stopped, or whatever.

resist. The


Key Elements of
Coincidental Magick

While coincidental magick can create complex story
situations, the rules of common sense guide what is and is not
possible using coincidental magick. Your troupe should soon
get the hang of describing such effects, and will find that such
description makes each Mage story quite thought-provoking.
The description need only take into account the perceptions
of Sleepers — all Awakened beings, including vampires,
werewolves, ghouls and other supernatural beings, realize what
really happened. The following key elements are presented to
help you understand the specifics of coincidental magick.

To help visualize the key elements, here is a simple
example of the use of coincidental magick during a game. An
Adept of Matter desires to transmute the bullets inside an
enemy's gun into harmless oxygen. The player of the mage
characterexplains that the gun was simply never loaded, or was
loaded and later unloaded. So, while the mage has actually
transmuted the bullets into oxygen, in physical reality it
appears to a Sleeper that the gun is simply unloaded.

No Sleeper witnessing the event would ever think that
something extraordinary happened. Witnesses would have no
reason to believe that the gunman did not forget to load the
gun. However, the bulletsno longer exist, and the gunman will
have fits trying to remember where he left them.

Onobserved Magick

Static reality does not confine magick when no Sleepers
are present. Ifno mundanes are around to observe the magick,
amage can enforce his view of reality ("I can tur bullets into
air") with less fear of Paradox. Thus, a mage could go off by
himself to the middle of the Sahara Desert and be free of the
barriers imposed by reality when he attempts to work magick.
This explains why so many mages tend to be recluses.

Paradox spirits generally require the focus of their creators
(humanity) in order to function, though they may appear
when characters least expect them. Many mages believe they
are better safe than sorry, and use coincidental magick on the
off-chance that a Sleeper or a Paradox spirit is around.

Repetition of Events

Because imagining static magick's appearance in physical
reality can bea difficult creative process, players willinevitably
be tempted to reuse the same coincidences for similar magickal
effects over and over. For example, the player of an urban-
dwelling Master of Forces might explain the explosions his
mage creates as gas pipes corroding apart and a chance spark
igniting the gas. If the player elects to use this coincidental
appearance repeatedly to explain the Forces magick, the
quality of the story being told will inevitably suffer.

Experienced players should be creative enough to avoid
making their characters' magick become clichéd, but the
Storyteller may find it necessary to urge novice players out of

arut. The easiest way to do this is to increase the difficulty of
the magick roll when the player overuses a given coincidental
effect. Intermsof the game setting, itbecomes increasingly odd
that more and more gas mains are spontaneously exploding all
over town, and therefore the "gas main explosion" explanation
becomes increasingly less probable.

As long as the player can elaborate the description,
weaving more detail into the story, the Storyteller can relax
this increasing difficulty. For example, the player might ex-
plain that the exploding gas pipes were all recently replaced
with a new type of piping material. This explains why the
different pipes are all exploding around the same time even
though they might be in different parts of the city. The
Storyteller, impressed with the player's creativity, forestalls the
increase in difficulty number until the next time the player uses
the same reasoning.

If at First You Don't Succeed

Ifa character fails a magickal effect — that is, the player
does not roll enough successes — the forces of static reality
have prevented the character from altering reality. The char-
acter has failed, and it will do no good for her to retry the same
effect. She must settle fora different magickal effect attempted
next turn, or wait until the circumstances have significantly
changed before attempting the same effect again (e.g. many
Mind effects can be reattempted on a subject after the subject
has slept). During a rare dramatic moment such as the climax
of achronicle, the Storyteller may also allow the character to
spend a point of Willpower and reattempt the same magickal
effect.

Countermagick

He's intelligent, but not experienced. His pattern indicates
two-dimensional thinking.
— Spock, The Wrath of Khan

Mageshave a direct meansof resisting magick. Mages who
haveatleastonerank in each Sphere of the effect beingcreated
can see the magick coming, just like someone involved in a
fight can see a punch coming. Just as someone in a fight can
then dodge, mages can try to counter the effect.

This requires an Arete roll (difficulty of the highest
Sphere involved in creating the effect + 3). Successes scored
on the countermagick effect roll cancel the successes of the
original magickal effect (on a one-for-one basis), thus dimin-
ishing the magick's effectiveness.

If the number of successes scored by the countermagick
roll exceeds the number scored by the original magick roll, the
attacking magick is completely canceled. The attacking magick
is also canceled if the countermagick successes reduce the
attacking magick to parameters beneath those which the
original mage intended.

For example, a vile Nephandus mage with Sphere ratings
of Entropy 5 and Life 4 casts an Entropy/Life spell upon her
foes, seeking to devolve them into hideous blobs of proto-


plasm. She decides to affect all targets in the immediate ar
(threesuccessesneeded). She rollssixdice from
and scores four successes,

Arete Pool
icating that she indeed achieves
her effect. However, one of her targets is a mage who also
possesses ratings in the Life and Entropy Spheres. He casts
‘countermagick, rolling three dice and scoring two successes.
Thisreduces the Nephandus' numberof successes to two. Two
successes donotallow the Nephandustoaffecteveryone inthe
vicinity (asshe had intended); the magick th nd dies.
If the Nephandus had tried to affect only the mage, and the

ccountermagick had reduced the number of successes to tw
the mage would still be affected by the magick; the damage of
the effect, however, would be reduced to that inflicted by two

Unless the mage splits her Dice Pool, countermagick

takes one tur to perform, just like any other action.

Acting in Concert

Atthe Storytellers discretion, multiple mages can act in
‘concert to increase the effectiveness of a particular magickal
effect. Certain magickal effects, such as expanding a mage's
senses or astrally projecting, cannot logically be performed in
concert with other mages. However, many effects, such as
‘temporal manipulations or spatial warps,
from the work of several ma

-an easily benefit

All ofthe mages involved in the effect must have suffi
cient knowledge in the appropriate Sphere(s) necessary to

perform the magick, and all of the mages must both work
simultaneously and remain in communication with of
her through some means. Each mage rolls for the effect as
normal. The total number of successes obtained on all of the
igickal effect.

The down side to acting in concert is that any Paradox
gained by one

rolls powers the 1

ned by all others in the group. For
example, iftw -working together, and one gains one
pointof Paradox rom the magickal effectroll whilethe second
ins three points, each mage gains a total of four points of
Paradox
Also, ifany one mage botches the effect roll (even if th
others all score successes), the magick effect autom:
botches

The Burden of Foci

‘While fociare incredibly beneficialto
be able to work

ly

nages (they wouldn't
agick so easily without foci), they cause
problems as well. For example, certain foci are simply to

conspicuous to be carried and used in many societies. Imagine
a Son of Ether donning his ether goggles in some backwater
town in the United Scates. The locals are likely to become a
little too curious.

Portability is also a major concer. Verbena just cannot
lug a cauldron around with them everywhere. They may
\cidentally" find one nearby when their need is great, but
‘even then it takes some time to prepare the nauseating fluids


the cauldron must contain. The same is true of the circles
employed by the Order of Hermes. Mages ofthat Order cannot
summonaspiriton the spurofthe moment likea Dreamspeaker
can at the wave ofa feather.

Additionally, foci may limit how quickly a mage can
create an effect. While the speed with which most magick
effects occuris determined by acharacter'sinitiative roll, some
foci increase the difficulty. Ifa Virtual Adept wants to make
the bullets in a gun disappear before she is shot, she will have
to program it into her computer. While this may requite only
a few lines of code, it will increase the difficulty on the
initiative roll by at least owo.

Finally, there are "unique items." Unique foci are noted
below. A unique focus derives much of its power from the
connection between itand its user, and the Spheresrelyingon
that specific focus cannot be used ifthe unique focusis lost. For
example, an Akashic Brother comes to view his weapon as an
extension of himself. [fhe loses that weapon, he cannot use the
Spheres of Life or Matter until itis recovered. Altemately, the
mage can dedicate a replacement unique focus, bur she must
releam the Sphere from the beginning.

This relearning process doesn't require nearly as much
time asthe original learning process, but it does Set the mage
back. A Sphere can be releamed up to its previous rank at an
experience cost of only 2 x the current rating. Once the mage
has achieved his previous rank in the Sphere, the experience
cost reverts to the regular 10 x current rank. [n addition, this
releaming process doesn't require a story-based reason for the
increase, as do normal Sphere gains

The mage may also gain enough points of Arete to
dispense with the need for the unique focus, but Arete can be
dificult to achieve

Descriptions ofeach focus follow. More detailsabout how
foci work are discussed in Chapter

Abacus: Thisfocusisaholdover from the early daysof the
Sonsof ther, when alculationshad tobe done by hand. Ifthe
image wishes to use Correspondence or Entropy, he must still
perform his calculations by hand. Usingaan abacus will usually
increase the initiative difficulty of an effect by +2 to +3.

Blood: This primal fluid is necessary to work some Ver-
bena magick. The blood can be that of any animal, but human
blood seems to work best when Prime is used.

Bones: Any kind of bone will work for the Euthanatos
cow, dogor even human. The bone must be waved like awand
for it to be effective.

Cauldron: Practically immobile foci, the cauldrons of the
Verbena are the real things — big and heavy black pots.
Various vile liquids must be mixed into the pot in order towork
the magick. Such a process takes at least five to 10 minutes. A

cauldron will usually increase the initiative difficulty of an
effect by +2 t0 +3,

Circle: To protect themselves from the dangers of the
Umbra, Hermetic mages must surround themselves with an
omate magickal circle prior to using the Spitit Sphere. Such a
circle takes a minimum of two hours to create, but most

Hermetic mages have far more elaborate ones in their Nodes
or elsewhere.

Computer: The heart and soul of a Vireual Adept, a
‘computer is required forall magick that the Tradition uses. It
is safe to assume that the computer is a portable one with at
least as much processing power as the best workstation ma-
chines now available. However, the computer must be on and
used in order for the magick to work. Most effects take only a
fewsecondstoprogram, buthigh-rankeffects can takeacouple
of minutes. Using a computer usually increases the initiative
difficulty of an effect by +2 to +3.

Crystals: Quarts crystals store the energy of the earth, so
Dreamspeakers require them to use some Spheres.

Dancing: The Euthanatos practice a variety of dances,
ranging from the odd to the obscene. Outsiders usually see
these dances only when the mage performs magick. Dancing
usually increases the initiative difficulty of an effect by +2 to
+3

Do An Akashic Brother must be performing this martial
arts form (the original martial arts form) in order to
magick. Using Do can draw attention to the mage, and the
environment can sometimes be distracting, as meditation is
often an essential aspect of Do.

Dolls: When using certain magick against a person, a
Euthanatos mage must first prepare a doll that bears some
resemblance to the victim. Such adoll requires short time to
make, assuming the materials are handy. Many Euthanatos
carry extra dolls, which can be linked to a target in seconds.

Drums: Dreamspeaker magick often requires the pound-
ingof a drum.

Electricity: The Sons of Ether and the Virtual Adepts
require electricity to use some Spheres. This electricity can be
siphoned from nearby power cords, overhead lights, of por-
table storage batteries

Ether Goggles: The bane of Sons of Ether who wish to
work magick without drawing attention to themselves, ether
goggles are globular, semi-translucent goggles that obscure
most of the face. The mystic substance ether (from whence the
Tradition derives its name) permeates the goggles.

Feather: This can be the feather of any bird or mythical
being. It isa unique item.

Fire: A small fire must be burning nearby in order for the
mage to reach through the spirit to Prime. A match or lighter
doesnot produce enough flame, though two lighters sparked at
the same time will do.

Herbs: Verbena must use a variety of herbs to perform
their magick. The Storyteller and player are encouraged to
vary the way the herbs are employed —from sprinkling on the
object to swallowing by the mage

Holy Symbol: A mage of the Celestial Chorus must wear
a necklace or other item of jewelry that has an icon of the
rmage's belief engraved or attached. This could represent a
modem religion or an ancient faith that only members of the
Tradition remember. The symbol is a unique item.


Incense: Aromatic incense must be inhaled by members
of the Cult of Ecstasy for some Spheres to operate. Ie takes at
least a minute to prepare incense in this way.

Language: The Onder of Hermes teaches all apprentices
a mystical tongue that only they know. This language can be
used for crude communication between members, butts main
use is that of communication with the powers beyond this
world (ie. Spheres). Specific intonations must be made to
evoke different magickal effects.

‘Music: Most apprentices of the Cult of Eestasy subsume
theirnarural musical aptitude into magick. These mages must
play an instrument in order to evoke their magic. This usually
increases the initiative difficulty of an effect by +2 to +3.

Network: A Virtual Adepe must be connected t0 a
reasonably large communications network in order to employ
some Spheres. This is becoming easier in the days of internal
modems and wireless phones.

Pure Water: Water, either from
water, must be sprinkled when the Sphere is use.

Purification: To use the Spirit Sphere, member of the
Akashic Brotherhood must have cleansed their bodies. The
‘Storyteller must determine the cleanliness of the mage.

Rattle: Euthanatos must shake a rattle when using Mind
or Time.

natural springor "holy"

Ring: The physical world and its dissolution is repre
sented among mages of the Cult of Ecstasy by a ring they wear.
A mage's ring

‘unique item.

Sash: The most portable of the Akashic Brotherhood's
foci is the sash, a hele that must simply be wor,

Scientific Meter: This hand-held device generates vati-
‘ousreadings of the surroundingenvironment. The mageneeds
this information to use some Spheres.

Seal of Solomon: Thissealisalsocalled the Star of David,
It consists of two interlocking triangles (one pointed up, the
other down) chat forma hexagram. This seal must be engraved
‘or drawn on something the mage holds in his outstretched
hand.

‘Showstone: A showstone isa gem or crystal of some kind.
Ie isa unique item.

‘Song: Mages of the Celestial Chorus must sing aloud
when using several Spheres. Thesongcan be anything froman
operetta to rap.

Wand: A slender stick made of wood must be manipu-
lated in order for a Verbena to use some Sph

Weapon: As part of their Do training, Akashic Brothers
learn how to use a weapon of choice. This can be any weapon,
but is usually an Oriental one, like a katana, Thereafter,
performing moves with the weapon is required for magick. A
Brother's weapon is a unique Buthanatos also require a

-apon; they often choose grisly weapons like spiked whips.
These are not unique items. A Verbena's weapon must be a
dagger; it is not unique.

Vice: It's easy — too easy — for mages of the Cult of
Ecstasy to get trapped in their hard way of life, so they either
acquire or never lose bad habits. To work certain types of

magick, a mage must be indulging in his vice.

Magick in the Spirit

‘The rules for magick use change when a mage
leaves physical reality and enters the Umbra, as,
the enlightened are often wont to do. The
properties of reality varya great deal depending
‘on where in the Tellurian the mage travels, and
Certainly the restrictions on magick change as
well

In the Near Ombra

‘When a mage is in the Near Umbra, Gaia's spiritual
atmosphere, he need no longer concem himself with the
appearance of his magick. In the Umbra, al things tend to be
revealed in their truest form, and thisis true of magickal effects
as well. The forces of reality no longer need to veil the
appearance of magick in coincidence. Thus freed from physi-
cal constraints, mages find magick easier to perform.

In terms of game mechanics, magick performed in the
‘Near Umbra is treated as dynamic magick, with the following

major exception: The mage gains Paradox energy based on the
rules for static magick, not dynamic magick. These m
are used whenever the magick affects the Near Umbra or a
target within it, regardless of whether the mage is spiritually

present in the Umbra or is simply peering into it from the

physical.
In the Deep Ombra

"Mages are more likely to travel the Deep Umbra, though.
The laws of reality are completely annulled in the Deep
Umbra. In such a place, a mage is fee to explore the limits of
her potential without interference, restriction or fear of Para-
dox.

The Deep Umbra is accessible to many mages, but this
does not mean they understand it. Alll varieties of strange
creatures and forces wander this area. Horrors like the ten
tacled abominations of H. P. Lovecraft and the black lodge of
David Lynch's "Twin Peaks" can be foundin thisbizarre region
between Realms. Most dangerous ofall arethe Nephandi, who
make their homes in the Deep Umbra


In the Deep Umbra, a mage may do anything her Sphere
ratings indicate she has the knowledge to do. The Oracles of
Forces have been spied using the Deep Umbra as a sort of
testing range for explosions comparable to the mightiest
nuclear blasts in human history.

InRealms

Once a mage leaves the spirit world of the Umbra to enter
one of the Realms within it, she becomes subject to the laws of
reality within that Realm. Each alternate Realm has a rating
in each of the nine Spheres. These ratings delineate what is
possible within the reality of the Realm; the Realm of Earth has
zero rating in each Sphere.

For example, the Forces Sphere rating of the Elemental
Realm of Electricity is 3. This indicates that it is much easier
to manipulate Forces within the static reality of this Realm
than it is on Earth. A mage with a Forces rating of up to Rank
Three would not be hindered at all by the static reality of the
electrical Realm when he performed Forces magick, nor would
heincur Paradox, because such magick does not contradict the
teality of the Elemental Realm.

The ratings of Realms can be positive or negative. For
example, a Realm that exists only in two-dimensional space
(as in the book Flatland) might have a Correspondence rating
of -4, reflecting that its reality is much more limited in terms
of dimensional space than is Earth's. The same Realm might
also have ratings of Entropy -2, Forces 0, Life 3, Matter -2,
Mind 1, Prime -2, Spirit 0 and Time 4. All of these ratings
teflect the scope of what is possible within that Realm's static
reality.

How does this translate into the use of magick? A few
guidelines are listed below. The guidelines are nothing more
than common-sense applications of the concepts already
discussed. Even so, storytelling in a Realm whose Sphere
ratings are radically different from those of Earth can be a wild
experience. Such settings offer the most complex and evoca-
tive storytelling you will find within the game of Mage. The
following guidelines cover the use of magick in a Realm:

© If the mage is performing a magickal effect or conjunc-
tional magickal effect that requires a Sphere rating higher than
the Sphere ratings of the Realm, he must perform the magick
using the normal rules for static or dynamic magick.

Note that certain Realms have negative Sphere ratings.
Actions and perceptions that are standard and normal on
Earth are miraculous in such Realms and will require the use

of static or dynamic magick. For example, to lift an object in
a Realm with a Correspondence rating of -4, where the only
"true" directionsare forward/backward and right/left, the mage
must perform magick.

© If the mage is attempting a magickal effect that requires
Sphere ratings lower than the Realm's Sphere ratings, the
effect is automatically successful. Just as a human uses depth
perception as part of everyday life, sodo denizens insome other
Realms use clairvoyance. Mages who seek to perform magick
that is within the laws of a given Realm's reality automatically
succeed. They gain no Paradox because they are not creating
a contradiction in the reality of the Realm.

If a degree of success must be determined for such an
action, use an appropriate Attribute or Ability roll. For ex-
ample in the Realm of Valhalla, the Sphere rating of Life is +3.
Warriors are able to heal themselves very quickly to ready for
the next battle. A mage with a Life rating of three would not
need to roll for a magickal effect when attempting to heal
himself (an effect learned at Rank Three), but the Storyteller
might instead have him make a Stamina roll to determine how
many Health Levels the mage instantly regenerates.

¢ A mage is still limited by her own Sphere ratings, even
if the Sphere ratings of the Realm are higher. It doesn't matter
if the mage is traveling through the Realm of the Oracles of
Time, which has a Sphere rating of Time 8; she is still limited
by her personal Sphere ratings. If she does not understand the
process of traveling into the future, she cannot do so, even if
the Realm's reality allows it, and all of the sentients of that
Realm are hopping through time.

In the Chimarae

The dream worlds are completely different monsters for
mages. The reality of a dream world is defined solely by the
entity controlling that world. A dream world's Sphere ratings
shift up or down in accordance with the desires of the dream
world's Lord. Indeed, reality in the dream worlds often fluctu-
ates constantly.

Dream magick often involves calling upon the aid of the
various Dream Lords, for it is mainly through their will that
reality in a Dream Realm can be manipulated at all. The wars
between the Lords of Dream are the stuff of legend, and by
allying himself with some Dream Lords, a mage inevitably
antagonizes many others, thus drawing herself into the de-
mented politics of the Chimarae. Still, some mages feel that
the benefits gained are worth the risk of involvement in their
affairs.


Th

Thave only come here secki

Things they

— The Police, "Wrapped around Your Fi

The sum of all magickal knowledge known to

more precise and profit

The follow
tended (0 prov

covers, and wh:

Sphere. The explan:

he Tradition

although each Tradition bas its own body of
knowledge about the Spheres. Certain Tradi
tions teach their Disciples sets of Spheres

organized into nine Spheres.
All Traditions recognize the distinct natur
cach Sphere and the scope of its coverage

wultaneously to preserve the harmony oftheir
studies. Other Traditions find magickal study

le when each Sphere is taught as a
separate, distinct body of knowledge

jing descriptions of the Nine Spheres are in:

fide you with a

magickal powers are gained at each rank of

illustrates what effects each Sphere

ad explanation of each

iphere. Keep in mind that there are often many ways to

accomplish the same effect. If a character wants to make a

heavy object

lessdense, Forces oalter gravity around it, or Correspondence
to shift it through space. Any of the three Spheres could

accomplish

ser to move, she mi

desired effect. The

rer to make it

wthod used depends on

onledge

fin college

which Spheres the character has studied, and how the player

The description of each Sphere is divided into the follow

1, Opening Dialogue: A master who has studied the
re discusses it with the new student.
2. General Description: The scope of the Sphere is

discussed, along with noteson the Sphere's unique properties,

and in some cases, achart describing what additional successes
accomplish.

3. Rank Description: A general description of each
is provided to show the primary magickal effects that bec

possible at each progressive rank in th

phere. These descrip-

tions are the true guides you should use for determining the

effectsa characteris capable of reatingateach rank. Usethese

general desenpti

s as a bass for inventing the magickal
cffects mages use in various situations within a story.

Always remember however, that any effect is possible
using some combin:

jon of the Spheres. Ifa mage desires a
magickal effect that cannot be found under any Sphere's Rank


Description, the Storytellershoulddecideat what rankof what

Sphere or Spheres the

ffect becomes possible. The only
limitation on characters is that some incredibly dramatic
effectscanonly be performed by the Oracles, whose knowledge
transcends the five ranks listed here

4. Sphere Effects: Examples are provided of specific
‘magickal effects possible at each rank within a Sphere. These
effects are meant to be generic guidelines only. They should
notbe mistaken for absolute definitions of how a cert
will operate every time in every gam
certainly do not represent the only effects possible at a
rank, These examples merely show that one of the things
knowledge of Forces allows a mage to do is Discharge Static

situation, and they

A particular element of reality manipu-
lated by mages. All Traditions recognize the

distinct nature of each Sphere and the scope
of its coverage, although each Tradition has
itsown body of knowledge about the Spheres

Correspondence

First, you must remove this word "where" from your
socabulary, There is no "where" or "here" or "there"; rather,
allspace sone. Locality sa.oiversal singularity. You willcome
tounderstand that space is nothing: more an an oversimplified
translational tool for interpreting reality used bythe
static mind to comprehend true reality. You must exercise your

rind to prepare it for experiencing reality without the facade of
space. Once this is accomplished, you wall have the knowledge
«and perceptions that free you from the prison of dimensiona
space. You will see the Correspondence between all poin
space, and you willrecognize your existence there —at the Point

Correspondence. To those uhose perceptions are still bound
byth

edimensions, youmay appear anyuhereandeverywhere

ly, as you so will it

This isthe promise ofthe knowledge of Correspondence
brat lest you take the pursuit ofthis Sphere of krowedge lightly,
know tharment and ifelong frustration await most

The Sphere of Correspondence involves an
understanding of three-dimensional reality
Mages who have gained understanding of Cor-
4 respondence have come to the (almost)

by ie ultimately an illusion. In
i" truth, all pattems are "stacked" upon each

Bother in one "place," referred to by most Trad
tionsasthe Correspondence Point or All-Space
Inorderto interpret and interact with the world around them,
the unenlightened need to perceive the Correspondence
Point as three-dimensional space instead of seeing that objects
are in truth

tacked" on top of each other at a single poin

Mages who seek to master the Sphere of Correspondence
have an arduous mental journey ahead. Since birth, the mage
has interpreted reality through the lens of three-<dim:
space; her sentient mind innately began to perceive reality in
three dim

nsions because the reality into which she was bor
limited her to such an illusion. Not only has this three:
dimensional paradigm been bred into the mage, society has
also scripted he

with the concepts of space: "the petrol station
isnorth of here"; "the chairisoverthere,acrossthe room"; or "the

volume of a box is its length times its width times its

. Immediate Spatial Perceptions

. Correspondence Perceptions

#0 Shift through Space / Co-locality
Perception

eee Blend Localities / Co-locate Self

eeee6 Mutate Localities / Co-location

Toovercome such a deeply entrenched thought-patter,
the mage must undergo rigorous mental exercises. These
exercises tax the mind's spatial awareness tosuch a degree that
many students give up the pursuit or develop mental abnor-
malities before they overcome their fallacious perceptions.
Many mages who fail in their pursuit of Correspondence
become vocal detractors of the Theory of Correspondence
These sour-grapes critiques are
fueled by rumors that even the

Oracles of Correspondence
have suggested that the Theory
of Correspo

plete.

dence is not com:
terall, Comresponden
cted by Patter, whi
prohibits
lating only part of a whole. For


Correspondence
Range Chart

Successes Range

‘One Success Line of Sight

Two Successes Very familiar (home, office,
etc.)

Three Successes Familiar (local. grocery,
mall)

Four Successes Know of (seen picture
heard described)

Five Successes

instance, mages cannot teleport a person's nose off his face
though Oracles may be able to do that and more.

Despite its detractors, the Theory of Correspondence
holds an exalted state among magickal theories, forall Tradi
tions that study space use the theory in one form or another:
‘Correspondence is the one Sphere on which all Traditions
agree to some extent. The terminology differs, but seldom are
any theories besides Correspondence pursued when a mage
studies space.

Mages who persevere through the study of Correspon:
dence gain knowledge that is combined with other magickal
Spheres, the Master of Correspondence is unassailable

The range of Correspondence is different from that of
‘other Spheres. Mages have an easier time ut

ce in areas with which they are most f
u an area, the harder itis to create Correspondence
effects withininto
who advance in Correspondence ahead of other
ar to be "spaced out." Their eyes are unfocused,
hey now rely on their spatial sense rather than sight. Their
physical movements are very preci magesnever burnp
into objects, trip or stub their toes.

*Immedi

At this stage of understanding, the mage has begun to sce
the fallacies of spatial concepts, but is still caught in the
Paradigm of three-dimensional space. Nonetheless, the mage

possesses a keen understanding of how objects relate to space.
She can intuitively sense distances between objects, calculate
the exact volume of objects, and sense objects in her immedi-
tate vicinity without having to perceive them through the

normal five senses. However,

finding things that have been
consciously hidden muststill be
handled normally


** Correspondence Perceptions

Many magesneverattain this level of understanding. The
mage has now shattered the spatial illusion of physical reality.
While his understanding is far from complete, the mage can
now use the Correspondence Point as a gateway of sorts to
extend his normal sensory perceptions beyond his immediate
environment.

eee Shift through Space /
Co-locality Perception

Atthisrank, the mage understands that all things exist at
a single Correspondence Point. She thus realizes that she is
already everywhere atonce. The application of this knowledge
allows her to shift position instantaneously to other locations.
Note that to the mage's enlightened perceptions, she is not
even moving (she, along with everything else, exists at the
Correspondence Point); she is simply changing where she
appears to be within the illusion of three-dimensional space.

Furthermore, a mage with a sufficient understanding of
the Correspondence Point can potentially perceive all points
in space at once, though such a mind-expanding experience
would be catastrophic to the human psyche. A mage may,
however, desire to view multiple locations at once. She would
perceive the various scenes as several ghostly landscapes
overlapping one another. This "stacking" of landscapes is
called the co-locality phenomenon.

eeee Conjoin Localities / Co-locate
Self

A mage of this rank can shift other people and objects
through space, and may create pathways through the spatial
fabric to join two locations. These pathways usually appear as
two-dimensional windows connecting two locations, but can
take another appearance depending on the mage's desire.

Additionally, the mage's understanding of the co-locality
principle increases. He is now able to manifest physically in
multiple locations at the same time.

eeeee Mutate Localities / Co-location

The final exercise taught to mages of Correspondence is
the knowledge of distorting space. A mage of this rank can
affect distances and sizes around her, stretching them and
shrinking them to fit her needs. In scientific terms, the mass of
objects cannot be changed, but their volumes and dimensions
are potter's clay to the mage.

Also, a Master of Correspondence can stack locations on
top of one another ina bizarre landscape of multiple forms. She
is no longer limited to herself or her senses; she can "stack"
different locations on top of one another in a field of co-
location.

Correspondence Effects

Landscape in the Mind — When the Virtual Adepts
sought to construct their virtual realities within their com-
puterdomains, they ran intoastumbling block. Itwasimpossible
toreproduce sensessuchassmell, touch, and even some aspects
of sight within the computer worlds. The Virtual Adepts
solved this problem by borrowing techniques used by a sect of
the Akashic Brotherhood. These martial artists had developed
aZen-like sixth sense whereby they attuned themselves to the
space around them. The Brothers "felt" their surroundings via
a radar-like sense, and then "built" an imaginary landscape
within their minds based on that spatial sense. Thus, the
Brothers no longer had to see enemies approaching behind
them. They sensed their foes in the landscape constructed in
their minds' eye.

The Virtual Adepts adopted this spatial sense to their
needs, incorporating it into mystic software programs and
reproducing the effect within their virtual reality. Since that
early time, the Adepts have found other techniques for incor-
porating the full range of human senses into their computer
domains, but the spatial sense remains crucial for accurate
sensory input in the virtual reality.

This effect is available to all Correspondence Disciples. It
allows a mage to sense the shapes of the objects and entities
that fill the space around her. A mage can extend the area of
perception, but this requires more and more active concentra-
tion; after the area reaches a diameter about equal to a city
block, the sensory input becomes too much to bear.

© Correspondence Sensing — At this rank, the mage
has broken free from three-dimensional space. He now ac-
knowledges the Correspondence Point where all aspects of
reality exist.

This knowledge gives the mage the ability to shift his
senses through the Correspondence Point, allowing him to
sense other locations. A mage in Atlanta now understands
that he, and everything, exist at the same Correspondence
Point, so he simply chooses to look at downtown Paris rather
than at his current surroundings in Atlanta.

The mage need only picture the location in his mind's eye
and extend his perceptions there. The mage can then see, hear
and smell anything at the remote location and can rotate the
perspective as if he were standing there. Tactile sensory input
is very limited, but the mage can vaguely feel temperature and
concussions. The mage does create a disturbance in space at
the remote location he is viewing. Although this disturbance
cannot be seen, it can be sensed
by anyone with spatial senses
such as Landscape in the Mind.
The Seven-League
Stride — The name of this ef-
fect harkens back to medieval
times and the mages of the Or-
der of Hermes who first
developed it. Using this effect,


the Hermetic mages were able to transport themselves in-
stantly to any location on Earth. The effect is still practiced by
the real Order today, and has become part of every Tradition's
Correspondence teachings.

A mage using this effect is able to manipulate his position
within three-dimensional space. He can instantaneously blink
out and reappear in another location within Gaia's physical
reality. This effect does not immunize the mage to his new
surroundings. For example, if the mage shifted to the ocean
depths, mistakenly thinking a submarine was there, he would
be crushed by the intense water pressure. Barring such untidy
circumstances (usually avoided by first Correspondence Sens-
ing the destination), the mage can safely transport himself
throughout physical reality. From the mage's perspective,
however, he isnot even moving; he is simply "sliding" through
the Correspondence Point and changing his interaction with
reality so that he translates into dimensional space in a
different location.

© Divided Sight — The Cult of Ecstasy has found the
co-locality phenomenon to be a wondrous way of multiplying
sensory input and thereby expanding the amount of pleasure
stimuli possible. Cult members use the Divided Sight effect to
split their senses between two different locations in physical
reality. The mage extends her senses just as with Correspon-
dence Sensing, except that she can simultaneously view
several locationsat once. Each different location superimposes
itself on the others, allowing the mage to perceive ghostlike
images moving through one another and resting on top of one
another. The mage can hear, see and smell each location
simultaneously.

There isno limit to the number of locations the mage can
sense at once, but too many locations viewed at once produces
an indeterminate blur, and the mage will eventually be unable
to distinguish what anything is, much less be able to tell which
objects are in which locations. To distinguish which objects
are in which locations, a Wits roll is needed. The difficulty
number is equal to twice the number of scenes being viewed.
The maximum number of scenes the mage can safely view
equals her Perception Attribute. Going above this Perception
limit is dangerous, as the cacophony of the combined percep-
tions can quickly drive the mage into catatonia or even Quiet.

A peculiar Doppler coloring effect aids the viewing of
each scene. Objects in the location farthest from the mage's
own location in dimensional space have a red tint or aura
around them. Scenes closer to the mage have correspondingly
colored auras — orange, yellow, etc. — all the way to violet.
For example, a mage in New
York City would see objects in
Frankfurt, Germany with a red
tinge; Dallas, Texaswithagreen
aura; and New Jersey with a
blue or violet coloring.

eee Filter All-Space —
Givencertainknowledge about
any object or person, the mage

can search through All-Space to find where that object exist
in three-dimensional space. Different Traditions require dif
ferent base information (hair orskin froma person, piece of th:
object, picture or sketch, etc.) for the search to have an'
chance of success. Because All-Space contains everything, i
can take the mage a very long time to find the object. Searche
of a week or more are not uncommon. During the search, th
mage lapses into a trance as he mentally plumbs reality.

eee Dreamer's Shroud from Day — Dreamspeaker
are well known for using Correspondence Mastery to creat
invisibility. The call the effect the Dreamer's Shroud fron
Day, and describe it as willing themselves out of the dreams 0
the light.

In terms of magickal control of space, this power allow
mages to achieve an invisibility effect around any objec
simply by warping space around the object into a perfec
envelope. Light traveling toward the object will warp aroun
the object and continue on its original path. Because ligh
never reflects from the shrouded object or person, it cannot b.
seen. The more successes rolled for the effect, the greater thi
mage's spatial control and the less noticeable the field o
warped space will be. Moving objects are more difficult t
cloak and thus require more successes, as do larger objects suct
as buildings.

eee Ripple through Space — The Sons of Ether ar‘
renowned for this Correspondence effect. Early in thiscentury
one of the Ether scientists developed a teleportation chambe
that linked his laboratory with that of his colleague. The tw¢
continued to use the chamber for several years until both wer:
found horribly mutilated in the creator's lab. It is rumorec
among the Sons of Ether that a creature of Paradox homed ir
on the reality fluctuation and manifested inside the chambe
with one of the scientists when he reappeared.

Nonetheless, this Correspondence effect remains part 0
Etheric science. The Sons of Ether normally refer to the
process as "rippling" through space. The effect is known by
other names among other Traditions.

Mages using this effect can shift the position of any one
object to another location. Larger objects and structure:
require more successes to be moved, and the process inevitably
imparts a disastrous amount of Paradox to the mages respon:
sible. It is rumored that a cabal of drunken Cultists of Ecstasy
once attempted to teleport the Eiffel Tower to Mexico City.
The cultists were never seen again in this reality.

ee Hermes' Portal —The Order of Hermes claims tc
have been the first to advance magickal knowledge of Corre-
spondence far enough to create rifts through space, portals that
connect two locations in dimensional space. They label these
warps Hermes' Portals. Other Traditions dispute the Order's
claim and use the same effect under different names.

Regardless of its name, the effect creates a "window" in
space that connects two or more different locations. These
windows have as many faces as the sites connected: two sites
are conjoined by a flat window with two sides, three sites are
conjoined through three windows arranged in a triangle, four

sites bya square gate, etc.. Each side of the portal shows a blurry
view of the location it connects.

Anything that desires to pass through the Portal may do
so. However, using the magick involves an act of will, so
inanimate objects and nonsentients cannot pass through the
gate freely. They may, however, be ushered through by anyone
using the gate. This restriction isolates the environments
connected by the window; thus, a window connecting a living
room to the deep ocean will not allow water to flood the room.

eee Polyappearance — With this effect, a mage can
use the co-location principles to make her physical form
appear in many locations at once. This effect parallels Divided
Sight, but in addition to sensing locations, the mage's physical
form actually appears in each location as well. Observers in
each location will see the mage and can interact with her
normally. The mage, however, must simultaneously interact
with each location into which she has projected herself.
Anything she says or does will be heard and seen by observers
at all locations.

The mage will perceive items in each location to be
superimposed on one another visually, and all surfaces she
touches will be solid to her. This can create an odd spectacle
for observers viewing the mage. To the observers, the mage will
appear to be a mime extraordinaire, as she opens doors and
leans against walls that do not exist in the location of the
observer, but do exist in one of the co-locations into which the
mage has projected her form.

Note that this interaction is only one-way — from the
mage's perspective. Items in one location do not affect observ-
ers who are in a different location, but the mage is affected by
all objects in any of the locations into which she is co-locating.
Hersight willbe blocked by the wallsclosest toher, and she will
suffer from assaults directed at any of her co-located body
positions.

Mages can use this phenomenon to their advantage. The
Do martial arts of the Akashic Brotherhood contains an
advanced movement called the Kick of the Four Winds. The
attacker executes a flying spin kick at an opponent, and while
in midair, co-locates to four positions directly around the
opponent, so that the one kick impacts the opponent four
times. Masters are able to crush skulls like rotten melons with
this devastating technique.

Another Akashic technique iscalled Sounding the Gong.
To evoke this effect, the Do practitioner strikes a nearby
object, or even the ground, and through Correspondence
magick transfers the power of
the strike to any chosen target
within sight. For example, an
Akashic mage strikes the ground
with a balled fist, but the effects
of the blow are felt on the back
of the neck of her opponent,
who stands 10 paces away. The
movement derives its name


Practitioner triestosounda

#096 Stalking the Void — W Adept of Corre-
spondence detects a disturbance in the fabric of dimensional
spacenearhim through
Mind) hecan choose to track the disturbance toitsorigin. The
‘mage actually tracks the disturbance through the Correspon:
dence Point and back into dimensional space. This ability is
called Stalking the Void by the Euthanatos, who use itto hunt
down anyone foolish enough to spy on the Euthanatos'
Chantries

For example, a Euthanatos senses a spatial disturbance
near her and believes that she is being spied upon with
Correspondence Sensing, soshe tracksthedisturbance through
the Correspondence Point and back to its current position in
three-dimensional space. She may then transport herselfthere
to deal with the disturbance directly. Mast likely, she will find
another mage at her destination who was scrying on her as she
predicted. There is, of course, no guarantee what is actually
causing the disturbance. Therefore, a word of caution is
normally taught with the practice of Correspondence track-
ing. A few Adepts have tracked disturbances, shifted through
the Correspondence Point to follow the trail, and were never
seen again. Some disturbances are not what they seem, and
their apparent origins may be illusory, bait in a trap set
beings not altogether human.

Stalking the Void also allows mages to detect the point
at which any gates or warps that conjoin locations (such as
Hermes' Portals) reconnect with dimensional reality, Le
where does the gate lead? Correspondence tracking can ust
ally be done very quickly, unless the disturbance approaches
the mage's location through a circuitous route

Spatial Mutations — The mage has gained full
understanding of how the Correspondence Point relates to

dimensional space. By permutating that relationship, the
mage is able to stretch distances, change the sizes of objects

and warp space around him. The numberof usesforthismagick
are infinite. A gunman firing on a mage may suddenly find
himself 10 kilometers away from his target as the 10 meters of
pavement berween the twostretches out li
warped space. Meanwhile, from the perspective of the mage or
gunman, pedestrians using the nearby sidewalk would appear
toz0omdown the 10-kilometerstretch, fortheyare walkingon
the 10-meter sidewalk outside the warped space
Note that the mass of objects does not change, just their
sive. Changing mass requires a conjunctional magick effect
using Life or Matter.
#900 FreeConjunction
effect is identical to
Hermes' Portal, except thatthe
rift through dimensional space
is more severe, and the envi
ronments connected by the
window freely diffuse into one
another. This can produce vio-


lenteffects, as in the case of connecting a dining room with the
bottom of the Marianas Trench.

@¢¢¢e Co-location — The final mastery of co-location
allows the mage to co-locate an entire area around herself,
including all other entities and objects, on top of another
location. Stacking more than two locations is possible, but
extremely difficult (raise the difficulty to 10). No damage is
done to objects that superimpose themselves upon one an-

Entropy

other during co-location, yet they are solid to one another and
once separated, they will not again superimpose. For example,
during co-location, a chair is superimposed on a large rock.
Both objects remain intact, and something heavy flung into
them may knock the chair aside yet leave the rock standing. If
the chair is lifted away from the rock, it cannot again superim-

pose on it.

You.can join us, young woman, we welcome anyone who
can help us bring necessary disorder to the world for you must
understand that there are parts of reality which we shouldn't
destroy, and parts that must be destroyed if we are to move on
to Ascension, everything must be recycled, providing more
quintessential fuel to build the new reality in the new form, all
the mages out there, with their own ideas of what reality should
be, struggling to build the new reality, in a race to build the new

reality in their image, yet their competition has made them turn
ablind eye to the finite nature of reality, we must recycle forms,
destroy them down to base Quintessence so that it may be used
anew, the Reincamation Manifesto is ours because all others are
too blind to see its importance, without us, they would run into
the great limiter of reality, then progress would stop, you must
learn, you must perform the powers of disorder, destruction is
necessary and proper.

Entropy isa peculiar Sphere of magickal knowl-
edge that attracts an equally peculiar following
of Disciples. The Sphere of Entropy covers the
iW aspectsof reality commonly called decay, chaos,
; NW randomness and destruction. The theorems
WN used to explain Entropy are convoluted, seem
Yims to lack any fundamental principles, and often
BY seem to have no relation to one another. The
study of Entropy can be as chaotic an affair as
the material the Sphere explains.

Traditions vary in their presentation of Entropy. Tradi-
tions such as the Sons of Ether and the Virtual Adepts use
models of complex thermodynamic science, with its vernacu-
lar of work, energy and disorder. Other, more naturalistic
Traditions personify Entropy asa harbinger of randomness and
decay whose touch disintegrates the trees into pulp and the
mountains into pebbles. Still others see it as the chaos in the
Dream or the yin amid all yang. The particulars are different,
yet the effects are similar.

Entropy is based on the overriding principle that all
incarnations of reality eventually die or disintegrate. Lifeforms
die, rocks erode, electricity scatters into random charges,
organizations and empires all eventually collapse. While this

Entropy Damage Chart

° Perceive Entropy

ee Control Randomness

eee Diffuse Energy/Destroy Matter
eceee § Wither Life

eeeee Intellectual Entropy

tends to cause the Sphere to be viewed in a negative light,

many mages see entropic destruction as necessary in order to

achieve Ascension. They point to a concept referred to as the

Reincarnation Manifesto, which the Oracles of Entropy seem

to espouse. The Reincarnation Manifesto holds that Entropy

is responsible for breaking all things back down into a basic

state of raw Quintessence, which can then be recycled into

reality to become some other incarnation of the physical

universe. Without this continuous reincarnation, new struc-

tures could not be created within reality. Withoutacontinuous

infusion of new and better fabricated reality, growth toward

Ascension would come to a grinding halt. However, the

Oracles of Entropy are rarely intelligible, and in any event are

widely believed to the thralls of the Nephandi. Furthermore,

thisReincarnation Manifesto has been interpreted and adopted

by some mages for their own advantage.
Regardless of theirmotives,

magesof Entropy command the

power to destroy and disorder

all things. From randomizing

simple events to eroding the

intellectual and moral base of

societies, the mages of Entropy

areconcerned with destruction,

adestruction achieved through

total disorganization.

The Entropy Sphere has its own chart to determine
damage. Direct
Rank Four inflicts a number of Health Levels of damage equal
to the successes rolled multiplied by four. Level Five has a
damage multiplier of five. Indirect effects cause damage nor
mally

Masters of Entropy often appear disheveled, speak in
constant streams-of-consciousness, and behave unpredict
ably. I is dificult for students of this Sphere to find a Mentor
who willstick toone topic long forthe studenttoleam
anything meaningful from her. Mages with high
ratings will be able to detect a dark, impenetrable core in the
Patterns of mages of Entropy. The greater the mage's rating in
Entropy, the deeper and more malevolent this "heart of
darkness."

effectsat the first three ranks cause no damage.

*Perceive Entropy
Mentors of Entropy often
begin their lessons by teaching
their Disciples to identify

entropy'sexistence asa distinet
phenomenon in reality. By at
tuning his senses to entropy,
the Disciple is able to sense its
manifestations. The mage can
thus identify the weakest parts

of objects, or the most disordered segments of an organization.
By discerning which aspect of a structure

he most suscep
tible toentropy'seffects, the mageca

ascertain where entropy
would begin tobreak down the object, energy Patte

institution or sequence of organized events upon which the
mage is focusing.

By itself, identifying instabilities does not

ise any
dramatic effects, but once an enemy's weaknesses are discov:

ered, it doesn't take Sun Tau to determine how best to combat

the opponent.

** Control Randomness

Disciples begin to learn control over the power of entropy
by studying its effects in small events. After frst witnessing

how randomness propagates in events as diverse as card
shuffling, dice rolling, economic market fluctuations, traffic
jams, lottery winners, lost mail, roulette wheels, and many
others, the mage leams to identify how entropy breeds ran-
domness. The mage then develops the ability to control how

randomness propagates in such events,

This gives the mage amazing, yet subtle control over
hundreds ofsmall events thatare ordinarily random. The mage
can control whom a waiter will serve first, what caller number
he'll be at a radio station, what number between one and 10
someone has in mind, who picks the shortest straw, the flip of
a coin, which chamber houses a bullet during Russian Rou-


lette ete. The mage can determine the outcome of any minor
event that would normally be considered random.

The mage can also control the degree of disorder intro-
duced by an event. A simple use of this power would be totake
anew deck of cards, sorted by suit and number. By shuffling
them once, some amount of disorder is created, but the cards
could quickly be pur back into order. However, a mage can
control the overall amount of disorder caused by the single
shuffle of the cards, so that they appear to have been shuffled
dozens of times. Conversely, the mage could decrease the
amount of randomness introduced by shuffling the cards a
dozen times, so that the cards will appear to have only been
shuffled once or twice — perhaps only a few cards will be out
of place.

‘What the mage cannot do at this rank is completely stop
or artificially create the effects of randomness. In a shuffled
deck, at least one card will be out of place, no matter how
successful the mage is in reducing the randomness caused by
the shuffle, and a new deck of unshuffled cards cannot be
spontaneously putintorandom order without the randomizing
action of shuffling them atleast once. Such effects require the
creation of entropic energy or absolute immunization against
entropy's effects. These abilities are unknown even to Masters
of Entropy.

Because control of randomness can only be used on small
events, i may seem to be of litle use, yet this effect has large
numberof posible applications. Injecting randomness intoan,
event is alo widely used in conjunetional magick.

++ Diffuse Energy/Destroy Matter

‘Combining her perception of Entropy with her know!-
edge of how randomness breeds disorder within reality, the
mage begins to learn how entropy diffuses some ofthe physical
incamations of reality. Specifically, she gains a great degree of
power over entropy's effect on inanimate objects.

‘The mage acquires techniques for channeling the power
‘of entropy, and by funneling this power, she can cause objects
todisorganize ataccelerated rates. She can cause rocks to erode
into sand, or lasers to diffrac into scattered light. Similarly, by
channeling entropy away from energy ormatter, the mage can
spontaneously organize substances (e.g, rays of light become
somewhat polarized, heat stays in a room rather than dispers-
ing through an open window, gas clouds stay clustered rather
than diffusing into the surrounding air, turbulent ocean waves
calm to easy swells)

As with the Rank Two power detailed above, the mage
cannot perform absolute functions. She cannot instanta-
neously disintegrate boulders, nor can she remove all random
diffraction from light to produce a perfect laser. Such effects
require absolute creation or elimination of entropic energy,
powers known only to the Oracles. A Disciple of Entropy can
‘only change the rate at which entropy affects something

Wither Life

Entropy's effects on living organisms are much more
complex than the above processes, and more difficult for a
mage to isolate and study. Adepts of Entropy study how
lifeforms wither and die as their bodily systems gradually
deteriorate and break down. They also study the hundreds of
‘ways in which randomness affects living forms, from the effects
ofheredity tothe formatree takes sit grows. The Adept ears
tocontrol entropy's interactions with life, giving her immense
power to destroy life and to control its growth.

Intellectual Entropy

Masters of Entropy expand their control over reality by
studying the waysin which entropy affects ideas. The effects of
entropy on objectsare fairly clear and indisputable, butthe fact,
that entropy affects intelligent thought seems far-fetched. Yet
entropy affects everything which is organized, be it the orga-
nized structure ofamolecule oran organized body of knowledge.

Masters of Entropy point to human history for countless:
examples of theories and sets of knowledge that were useful at
times, yet over decades or millennia became filled with so
many apparent errors that they were eventually abandoned for
newer theories. For example, the history of writing shows
techniques evolving from cave paintings to modem alpha-
betic writing, Previousmethodsof writing, such ashieroglyphics,
gradually disappeared over time as new and better means of
writing evolved. Masters of Entropy point to this process,
which other mages might call dynamic growth or natural
evolution, and claim that Entropy is responsible for the old
ideas breaking down, making it possible for new ones to
emerge

Regardless of philosophy, it is evident that Masters of
Entropy have the power to destroy ideason an individual level
"They do not have the power to erode entire philosophies ona
societal level, but many mages claim the Oracles can perform
such feats as making victims forget who they are.

Entropy Effects

*DimMak—Themembersofthe Akashic Brotherhood
who become Disciples of Entropy learn the insidious martial
arts technique of Dim Mak, the art of striking vital points
‘While many mundane martial artists pursue Dim Mak (called
""Atemi" in Japanese), only the Akashic Brothers learn the
technique in its true form, as it requires the use of magick
Using their knowledge of Entropy, the Akashic Brothers
idencify the weakest parts of an
inanimate structure or living
body —the locations most sus-
ceptible to debdilitation and
destruction. By identifyingthese
pressure points and then physi-
cally striking them, the mage
‘may inflict more damage upon
the object. One extra Health


Level of damage is inflicted for each success scored when
evoking the magickal effect (of course, a normal combat
success must be scored as well).

Every structure and every living being has different weak-
nesses and therefore the mage must apply his magickal senses
to each individual object in order to identify its particular
pressure points. Also, the pressure points of living thingsslowly
change depending on the time of day, season, and other more
esoteric factors, so the mage must re-examine living targets at
each meeting.

Other Traditions, especially the Euthanatos, are known
to use similar Entropy effects.

* Locate Disorder — The mage can identify the area of
greatest disorder in an institution or organized sequence of
events. This isa perception magick effect, so it does not require
a magick effect roll, although the Storyteller may ask for a
Perception Attribute roll. The more successesscored, the more
precise the information gained.

For example, a mage wants to infiltrate the staff of a hotel.
She scores one success and thereby detects that the restaurant
operation is the most disorganized element. She decides to
disguise herself as a chef and infiltrate that segment of the
hotel, guessing that other employees will be least likely to care
about the sudden appearance of a new recruit. More successes
might inform the mage that the greatest disorder in the hotel's
business operation is in the pantry manager's personnel files,
which are totally disorganized.

The mage must be somewhat familiar with the organiza-
tion being studied to gain much benefit, though the abil:
does facilitate extraordinary deductive abilities. In the ex-
ample above, the mage would need to spend some time
walking around the hotel and talking toa few of the employees
before she could pinpoint lack of order in the business.

°° Games of Luck — Using her power to control
localized random events, the mage can virtually determine the
outcome of any game of luck. The mage can control the throw
of dice, the shuffle of cards, the fall of a roulette ball
such events. The more successes scored, the more precise the
control the mage can exert.

Sons of Ether use a similar effect called Causation of
Statistical Deviation Through Paradigm Alteration when
inventing formulas for their branch of statistical mathematics.

¢¢¢ Slay Machine — When a Euthanatos shakes his
bone focus at a modern machine, he can disrupt its most basic
functions, thus turning technological marvels into ruined
heaps. The mage uses his knowl-
edge of Entropy to infuse
technological systems with raw
chaos. Any modern machinery
or electronic device can be
caused to malfunction or even
self-destruct.

Computer systems corrupt
all of their stored data, render-
ing it unintelligible. Electrical

mT
MT
Ll

|
I

iM


currents within electronic equipment surge so radically that
components melt. Phone networks randomly scatter their
calls, routing them to wrong numbers. Power distribution
equipment, such as a house circuit breaker box, behaves
erratically —some breakers trip for noreason, while others fail
torrip, thussurgingcurrents through lines, lowing light bulbs
and overheating powerlines.

‘The more successes scored, the greater the magnitude of
disorder caused. Several successes may he required to cause
large machinery to glitch once or twice, while small systems
will run amok with the same number of successes.

Naturalistic Traditions such as the Verbena and

Dreamspeakers also make frequent use of similar effects
Erode Matter — By invoking this effect, the mage
floods entropy into any inanimate object. The increase in the
amount of entropy accelerates the object's natural tendency
toward corrosion, erosion, rot and the like. Gases will quickly
diffuse into the air, liquids will evaporate, and solids will
disintegrate. The number of successes rolled for the effect
determines how quickly the matter dissolves, and how much
matter can be affected. ‘Three successes ror away a wooden
door withina minute, and four successes corrode the steel body
of a truck in under five minutes.
Blight of Aging — Verbena are able to brew a
variety of hideous concoctions in their cauldrons, but one of
the most feared is that which causes a Blight of Aging. The
mere act of brewing certain ingredients intoher cauldron focus
allows a Verbena sorceress to initiate the effect.

The mage infuses the primal force of entropy directly into
the targeted lifeform, causing its body to deteriorate and decay
with frightening rapidity. The appearance of the effect is very
similar to-advanced aging, and the lfeform wil effectively age
five years for each success scored on the magick effect roll

Lifeforms aged past their normal lifespans will quickly die
and turn to dust. Victims prematurely advanced to old age
should be assigned penalties to their Physical Attributes,

Other Traditions use similar life-destroying Entropy ef-
fects, but the Verbena are best known for it. Because they

normally relish in the vibrancy oflife, Verbena see the removal
of that vigor as the worst sort of punishment to inflict upon
their enemies.

‘Heart Murmurs — The human body relies on
complex feedback processes to regulate heart rate, breathing,
bod temperature, and countless other bodily functions. Using
their magickal science of entropic biology, the Sons of Ether
have perfected methods for disrupting the bodily functions of
another living being. The mages work our their arcane caleu-
lations on their abacus focus and refigure the natural rhythm
of the target's bodily functions to include randomness. The
result isthar the victim's body goes haywire. The victim sweats
and shivers;her heart stallsand then spasmslikea triphammer,
insulin and adrenaline ebb and flow.

This effect does not give the mage selective control over
the precise bodily functions affected. Such precision requires
knowledge of the Sphere of Life
Destroy Thought — The mage can cause any
rational thought oF feeling to dissolve away in the chosen
subject's mind. For example, a gunman facing the mage
announces, "Move and P'll shoot!" The mage can destroy this
thought usinghis control of entropy. The gunman mightbegin
to think, "If shoot him, I'l goto jail — I don't want to go to
jail —besides, maybe he's gor friends that'll hunt me down for
revenge if I shoot him — he looks like a putz anyway — he
probably doesn't have more than five bucks on him — I'm
getting out of here."

The victim usually begins to rationalize away the affected
thought. As in the example above, the victim finds the
weaknesses and illogic inherent in the idea or feeling and s0
abandons it. The thought is destroyed.

The Storyteller must decide how many successes are
necessary for the effect, depending on the complexity of the
thought (must the victim abandon his entire moral-rligious
philosophy to disbelieve the idea, or merely order something
different on the menu!) or the passion of the victim (murder-
‘ous anger ot slight annoyance?).


‘Allthings, even the grea forces of nanue, are coneolable
by mindand will. Modern man has been lured into the belief that
he must bud gigantic atom smashers, generators, and tans-
formers to harness the forces of reality, but in ruth it takes only
on understanding of the rue nature of these forces and the will
to command them. Itisnot an easy task; te Patterns of energy
ripple chrough infinite variations at speeds tha stagger the mind.
How to command the lighting bol as it blazes across the sky
before it flashes out of existence? But such has been the
determination of mages throughout the ages to master these

energies that techniques for trimming their Patter are now
known to us

Ifyou desire to learn this path of magick, then I shall tach
‘you, butbe wamed tha reality doesnot take kindly to those who
raster the Forces. The effects are often vulgar, so prepare for
your body to be subjected to the debiltations of Paradox. You
should prepare your conscience and compassion as well. Com-
rmanding the fickle energies ofrealitycan eastylead one toabuses
of power and responsibilty

Humans have long sought to control the ener-
gies of nature. Toward this end they have
employed techniques ranging from the rain
dances of tribal cultures to billion <dollar fusion
powerexperiments. Modem man has progressed
a long way toward harnessing many of these
energies, but mages who master the Sphere of
Forces understand thatthere ismuch that mod-
‘em man does not know. Mages are enlightened

beyond the bounds of Newtonian physics, quantum theory

and special relativity. Masters of Forces understand and apply
theories and practices that allow them to manipulate and
create any of the powers of nature

‘Thedescription of the Forces Sphere given here predomi
nantly uses termsof modem science, such as radiation, kinetic
energy, chemical bonds and reactions, etc. While some Tradl
tions (such as the Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepes) utilize
these terms in their study of Forces, other Traditions use
radically different terminology and symbolism to represent the
forces of nature. For example, Dreamspeakers see Forces as
aspects dreamed into existence by Gaia. For them, the act of
using Forces isthe process of enticing Gaia to dream a certain
way, thereby causing the desired energy tomanifest in physical
reality

Mages seek to cause serious damage to their foes often
study this Sphere. It causes damaging direct effects at lower
ranks than does any other Sphere. At the higher ranks, Forces
can kill with but one oF two successes.

Mages who master Forces reveal themselves in weird and
distinct ways. Their bodies tend to store static electricity,
makingtheit hairstandon end and theirhandshake jolt. Small
energy sourcestend tofluctuate
asthe mage passes (e.g, electri
cal power may surge or candles
flarebrighterasthe Master walks
by them). Other mages tend to
give Masters of Forcessome dis-
tance, for they are infamously
prone to Paradox effects and
their botched magick tends to
be very messy.

Perceive Forces
Control Lesser Forces
Spawn Lesser Forces

Control Major Forces
Spawn Major Forces

* Perceive Forces

The mage first leams todiscem the Patterns of energy. By

gthese Patterns, the mage sable toperceive all types
of energy flows. She can sense wavelengths far beyond the
limited range of visible light and sonic frequencies upon which
the unenlightened rely. Anything from infrared light to x-rays
to gravity waves an be perceived by the mage. Ofcourse, such
radiation must be present in the environment for the mage to
sense it

** Control Lesser Forces

Traditions typically divide the study of Forces into the
study of various types of energy. The Traditions teach theit
Disciples to aster the Lesser Forces before advancing them to
more complex enengy forms. These Lesser Forces include
electromagnetic radiation of all wavelengths (radio waves to
‘gamma rays), electricity, and magnetism. Naturalistic Tradi-
tions represent these forces with symbols (sun, lightning bole,
lodestone) rather than using the nomenclature of Western
science.

Ac this level of understanding, the mage can control the
flow of Lesser Forces. However, the mage is limited tousingthe
amount of energy available to him in the affected environ-
ment; he cannot create more energy. For example, the mage
can focus the light ofa candle into a beam of bright light, but
he cannot make the candle emit mote light.

Though the mage is limited to controlling ambient ener-
sies, numerous effects are possible at this rank. Many mages
concentrate on the use of light and other ubiquitous forms of
radiation. The flow of ambient light can be altered to create
areas of darkness or blinding light. In most civilized areas, a
supply of electrical energy is also readily available for control.


eee Spawn Lesser Forces

‘The mage can now create the Lesser Forces from nothing.
No longer does she need an existing source of energy to bend
to her will; she can produce the forces herself

Streams of electrical energy can be produced. Fields or
concentrated beams (lasers) of radiation can be created, and
powerful magnetic fields can be summoned toallow the mage
control over metalic objects.

As with all three Pattern magicks (Life, Forces, Matter),
the actof creation requires some understanding ofthe Sphere
of Prime (in order for the mage to fuel Quintessence through
her newly woven Pattern to create the Lesser Forces). There
fore, all effects using Forces 3 are conjunctional, requiring

Prime 2.

Control Major Forces

Once the mage has mastered the Lesser Forces, she begins
her study of the three Major Forces: gravity, nuclear and
kinetic. The force of gravity isthe elemental force that attracts
all objects. Nuclear energy covers the forces involved with
chemical reactions, such as those that cause fires to burn, as
well as the

trong" and "weak" forces known to physicists
However, mages of this rank may not unlock the power stored
in the atom (nuclear explosions), although that power is said
to be controlled by the Oracles of Forces. Finally, control of
kinetic energy, the basic energy of motion, gives the mage a

wide range of powers. Kinetic energy primarily controls the
motion of objects through space, but i also controls the
temperature of objects and the vibration of air molecules to
produce sound.

The mage begins by learning to control the Major Forces,
just as she did with the Lesser Forces. At this rank, she may
control the energy already present around her, but may not
create more.

* Spawn Major Forces
nally, the mage can weave Patterns that gene
Major Forces. Though Paradox may limit the magnitude ofthe
energies created, the mage still holds incredible sway over
.. He can create gravity wells, cause fiery explosions, and
completely control an object's motion.

Like any Patter Magick creation effect, spawning Major
Forces requires the use of Quintessence. Therefore, all Forces
5 effects require knowledge of Prime 2

Forces Effects

* Darksight — In the absence of visible light, the mage
can shift his perceptions up or down the spectrum of electro-
magnetic radiation. This allows him to view infrared or
ultraviolet light, radio waves, x-rays, ete. The mage will no
longer be able to discem color, but other interesting percep-
tionscan be gained from the various spectra, such asseeing an
object's underlying structure using x-rays or seeing in the dark
using infrared

* Quantify Energy — Sons of Ether commonly use this
effect during their research. By invoking this effect, the

‘can sense the type and amount of energy at work around her.
‘She can easily translate her perceptions into accurate measure:

‘ment units such as volts, amps, tesla, g's, ete. Note that this
includes kinetic energy, which allows the mage to determine
an object's velocity relative to the mage if the mage knows the
object's mas.

‘** Discharge Static — The mage can cause the static
electricity in the air to discharge spontaneously in a localized
area. Ifthe effect is centered around a victim, the target will
suffer one Health Level of damage per success scored. The
victim does get a soak roll o minimize the damage. Addition-
ally, if a living target suffers more Health Levels than its
Stamina rating, itis stunned (unable toact) a number of tums
equal to the difference. This effect is easier to perform when
the air is dry (low humidity), or when the mage is around
powerful electrical machinery.

Members of the Akashic Brotherhood are known to use
a similar control of static charges to make their bodies reser
voirs of static electricity. Thus, when they strike an opponent
in martial combat, the energy is discharged upon contact

#* System Havoc — Using this effect, a magecan touch
any electrical machinery or power distribution system and
virtually destroy it by fluctuating the current the
system into spikes of electrical energy. Many advanced systems
are tempest-handened (protected against surges). Tempest-
hardening may minimize the damage the mage inflicts, but
virtually any system can be shut down if not da

nter

Virtual Adepts who are Disciples of Forces use a similar
effect to control electrical machinery. Their control is rudi-
mentary at best, and the mage must also have a firm
understanding of the machinery (gained via Technology,
Computer, or Science Abilities).

** Call Lightning —Pro-
vided there is plenty of
thunderstorm activity directly
overhead, the mage can route
lightning out of the sky to strike
any visible target in the vicin
ity. The vietimcansoakdamage
normally. Livingbeingsmayalso
be stunned as described above
in Discharge Static.


eeee Telekinetic Control — The mage may
telekinetically control the movements of an object, provided
the object is already in motion. The object cannot be made to
move faster than its original speed, though the mage can slow
or stop the object by siphoning kinetic energy into the air
around it. This velocity limitation results from the mage's
inability to create more kinetic energy to impart to the object.
The Adept can, however, redirect the flow of kinetic energy
and thereby instantaneously change the direction ofan object's
motion. For example, bullets may be caused to reverse and
strike the gunman, or a moving car may be forced sideways
instead of forward.

The more successes rolled for the magickal effect, the
more kinetic energy the mage can command: four successes
would enable control of a speeding bullet or a sprinting man,
five a moving car, etc. It is very difficult to maintain control of
a living creature, as the creature can simply stop moving. A
Wits roll is necessary for very
fine telekinetic movements
such as threading a needle.

Members of the Akashic
Brotherhood use telekinetic
powers to give themselves ex-
traordinary leaping abilities
when performing Do. There is
also a rumor that the Verbena

of old did indeed craft telekinetic Talismans in the shape of
brooms, but this may just be stereotyping.

eeee Embracing the Earth Mother — The
Dreamspeakers believe that by beating their drums, they can
stir the Earth Mother, Gaia, into brief moments of fitful
wakefulness. By sounding their drums deep and loud, they can
call Gaia to embrace a chosen target. The effect causes gravity
to focus around the chosen area or target.

Each success on the effect roll allows the mage to create
agravitational field one "g" strong (a "g" beinga force of gravity
equal to Earth's normal pull). So, with four successes, the mage
could create a field of gravity four g's strong (in which a 100-
pound boy would weigh 400 pounds). Five successes enable
five g's, six enable six g's, etc.

Asa general rule, a character can barely remain standing
under a g-force equal to his Strength Attribute, and can still
breathe under g-forces up to twice his Stamina. At higher g-
forces, objects begin to collapse under the strain of their own
weight. A subject caught in a gravity field higher than its
Strength Attribute must perform a resisted roll between the
field's g-force rating and the subject's Strength. If the gravity
field wins, the subject suffers one Health Level of damage for
each extra success; if the subject wins, she can crawl a few feet
per success to try to escape the field.

Other Traditions use gravity-focusing effects as well. The
Cultists of Ecstasy enjoy reversing the flow of gravity to create
surreal building interiors reminiscent of M.C. Escher paint-

ings. Euthanatos reverse gravity to slam opponents into the
ceiling or fling them into the sky.

eee Walking on Water — The Celestial Chorus
performs a miracle wherein its members walk across water as if
it were solid ground. The effect is created using the Sphere of
Forces to control the molecular cohesion on the surface of a
liquid. The surface becomes so tense and resilient that the

mage simply walks right across it as if it were ice. Depending on
the number of successes the character rolls, other people can
follow along.

Other Traditions use similar effects. The Sons of Ether use
the effect to build aerial "pipelines" of pure liquid, enabling
them to mix chemicals in their laboratories.

Life

No, I do not profess to be a Master of the Patterns of Life.
I do know enough to say the Technomancers' version of Life
knowledge is shallow and binding. Genetics is another faith
science that they have managed to root into static reality. The
Patterns of Life are much more than molecular biology; the
ethereal meshes which form life are intricately woven tapestries.
In your mind's eye you can see these Patterns, and you can
imagine them to change.

Even with my limited understanding, itis plain to me what
sets life apart from the inanimate. The Patterns of life are

infinitely more complex than those of the inorganic. The
Patterns of life shift and flow as the form of life grows or dies, and
most importantly, Quintessence flows through the Pattems of
life like water through a sieve.

Countless things are possible when you change your
understanding of Life. You will note that my body is free of scars,
or wounds, or corrective eyewear. I donot trim my hair or nails,
nor do eat, sleep, drink, secrete or excrete. Reality has molded
the human body into a form fit for survival, but the mind can
make the body capable of far more. Come with me and I will
teach you what I know of the Sphere of Life.

Life is arguably the most complex of the Pattern
Spheres. The Patterns of Life are far more
intricately woven than the Patterns of inani-
mate Matter orelemental Forces, and while the
Patterns of Life do not fluctuate as quickly as
those of energy, these complex Patterns com-
prise countless simultaneous permutations.
Mastery of the Sphere of Life requires extraor-
dinary mental agility and memory.

Aswith all Pattern magick, in order for the mage tocreate
new Patterns of Life (i.e., new lifeforms) she must also have
some command of Quintessence through knowledge of the
Sphere of Prime. The mage can create Patterns of Life, but
without Quintessence to feed them, the Patterns will instantly
dissolve.

The Sphere of Life can also be used to wreak havoc upon
living creatures. It has been used to end lives in innumerable
grotesque ways. The amount of damage the Sphere can inflict
is fairly standard for the first five ranks, though exactly what
can be affected is determined by Sphere rank.

Masters of Life are known by their perfect health. Their
skin is free of scars and blemishes, they eat and drink as much
or as little as they please, and they rarely tire.

Life Damage Chart

° Sense Life

ee Alter Simple Patterns

coo Alter Self/Create Simple Patterns
° Alter Life

eeeee Create Life Patterns

* Sense Life

The mage begins his study by learning to identify etheric
Patterns of Life. By reading these Patterns, the mage can learn
agreat deal aboutalifeform. A lifeform's Pattern reveals itsage,
sex, and every aspect of health. Also, by opening his awareness,
the mage can sense the nearby presence of different forms of
life.

¢* Alter Simple Patterns

The mage begins her manipulations of life's Patterns by
working with the simplest Patterns of life. She can alter the
Patterns of basic lifeforms, such as microscopic viruses and
bacteria, all the way to creatures as complex as insects and
shellfish (as a good rule of thumb, any invertebrate is consid-
ered a simple Life Pattern). Also, all plant life, from algae to
sequoia trees, incarnates through Life Patterns
simple enough for the mage to ff
manipulate. Ofcourse, she must
still be able to sense whatever it
is she manipulates.

The power to alter these
Patterns gives the mage com-
plete control over these
lifeforms' physical existence.

Tea er i RSET eh er


She can turn the creatures inside out, or kill them in countless
other ways; conversely, she can heal imperfections in their
Patterns, restoring them to health. Finer manipulations to
Patterns require relatively long stretches of time during which
the mage reweaves the filaments of the etheric Patterns.
Destruction of a Pattern is a simple matter of ripping it apart,
and can be accomplished very quickly.

ee Alter Self/Create Simple
Patterns

Atthis rank, the mage has mastered simple Life Patterns.
He now knows their structures well enough that he may copy
them and weave similar Patterns himself. If the mage is also
familiar with the Sphere of Prime, he can actually create
simple lifeforms. Biogenesis.

Unfortunately, any lifeform created using the Sphere of
Life has no mind. It is an organic shell without sentience.
However, for simple lifeforms, especially plants, this fault is
virtually irrelevant. Even creatures such as crabs and insects
can be imbued with some instinctive reflexes that serve for
intelligence in the absence of a true mind.

Additionally, at this rank the mage begins to experiment
with the most complex Patterns of Life. The mage inevitably
begins his studies by manipulating the Pattern with which he
is most familiar, his own. He is now able to manipulate the
Pattern of his own body to heal it, improve it or change it in
anyway he desires.

coer Alter Life

The mage is adept at reweaving the most complicated
Patterns of life. Even the highly complex Patterns of another
human body are subject to the mage's control.

¢ Create Life Patterns /
Transformations

The Master of Life gains a most unique power, which
some might hold as divine. She is able to weave a new Pattern
tocreate any lifeform, even a human body. Unfortunately, the
lifeform created has no mind or soul. At first, such a huge
deficiency might make this creative ability seem useless, but
mages have found several functions for the complex lifeforms
they create.

Some mages are content to create entirely new forms of
life to study how various bone structures or organ placements
might be used to improve their own or others' bodies. Often
these lifeforms are imbued with sets of instinctive reactions

that mimic instinctual intelli-
gence. Some Euthanatosare said
to create vile beasts whose in-
stinctive drive is only to kill.
These beasts are unleashed on
the enemies of the Euthanatos.

Another major use mages
have found for the mindless
bodies they create is touse them

as physical receptacles for spirits or other astral forms. Most
spiritsare able to manifest inan empty body (some even possess
occupied bodies), and can then interact with the physical
world. Mages are often able to acquire services from spirits in
return for the mage providing a soulless body.

Mages who have also mastered the Sphere of Mind can
untether their minds and create new bodies for their own astral
forms to fill. Such mages often leave a long trail of different
identities behind them. Using this chameleonlike power,
many mage Masters attain a degree of immortality by con-
stantly projecting their consciousness into new, young bodies.
When a mage switches bodies, he also leaves behind whatever
Paradox or Quintessence was stored in the Life Pattern of his
old body. While this is a convenient way for the Masters to
avoid Paradox Flaws, they have found that Paradox spirits
have no trouble tracking their minds to the new bodies, and
these spirits often become even more potent to deal with the
additional anomaly they are tracing.

Upon attaining Mastery, mages of Life also gain a deeper
understanding of how the mind is connected toa Life Pattern.
Through this understanding, they are able to transform a Life
Pattern completely, without affecting the tenuous connection
of the mind. Thisallowsa mage to transform himselforanother
living creature into any other living form, real or imaginary.
These metamorphoses do not affect the subject's intelligence,
only its physical form.

Life Effects

© Genetics Scan — Using her computer, a Virtual Adept
who is a Disciple of Life can execute a program to scan her
immediate vicinity for signs of life. The program supplies
graphics showing any nearby lifeforms' position relative to the
mage herself, and can also display anatomical readouts of the
detected forms based on their Patterns. The mage will usually
filter the input so her computer doesn't show every gnat and
cockroach. She can scan for single species, or even for specific
individuals if she has the person's Pattern scanned into her
computer's memory (automatic if the mage has previously
scanned the target). After about a quarter-mile range, the scan
becomes highly inaccurate and may even show ghostly images
of lifeforms that aren't really there.

¢ Prayer of Healing Revelation — The Celestial Chorus
primarily studies the Patterns of Life to detect illness and
injury. Their Disciples of Life learn to identify flaws in a
lifeform's Pattern that indicate various diseases, injuries, poi-
sons and parasitic infestations. The mage must usually make a
Perception roll when scanning the Pattern. The more suc-
cesses scored, the more specific the information the mage
receives. One success might reveal poison, two might reveal
the poison is affecting the respiratory process, and three
successes might determine the poison to be cyanide.

© Little Good Death—The Euthanatos primarily study
Life to learn how to end it. This effect is the first form of killing
the Tradition's Disciples learn. With this effect the mage
mentally grasps and shreds the etheric Pattern of any simple

creature. The target suffers three Health Levels of damage for

each success the mage scores. The victim cannot soak this
if it has Willpower, it can resist. Other

Traditions use similar effects, hough less frequently.

#* Mold Tree — Verbena invented this effect, which
allows a mage to reweave the Pattem of a tree, causing its
branches or even its trunk to bend and twist into new shapes.

* Heal Simple Creature — The mage can attempt to
repair a lifeform's damaged Pattern. Virtually any affliction
can be corrected by this means. Generally, one Health Level
of damage may be healed per success scored. The Storyteller
must decide the number of successes required for other restor-
ative effects such as regrowing limbs, curing paralysis, ete

Each attempt at healing a Patter assumes that the mage
does as much restorative work as she is able. Repeating the
effect will not heal more damage. At the Storyteller' disere-
tion, the mage may attempt to fix more Pattem damage after
the creature's Patter. has had sufficient time to fluctuate
around the frst restoration the mage performed. Also, any new
damage suffered by the subject can be treated by the mage
‘Some mages have been known to cure a little bit of
cause more and create a new Pattern, and then try again. Of
course, these are the same mages who tend to botch this effect
and cause immense damage.

Certain types of wounds require special treatment when
healed through magick. Aggravated wounds (see C
Eight) can only be treated using vulgar magick. Aggravated
wounds such as dan adox Backlash or Pattern

bleeding (sce Improve Body below) cannot be healed with
Pattern magick and can only heal naturally with time

Finally, two mages cannot successively heal a single
subject. After one magehascured asubject, another cannot try
until the subject's Patt get has suffered
more damage). Two or more mages may sill act in concert to
heal a subject.
jo Tien Chi—Chinese for "Breath of the Day:
fo Tien Chi isa breath control exercise mastered
Akashic Brotherhood. Through this powerful effect, the
mage can restore damage done to his body. The results are the
same as those of Heal Simple Creature, above. Other Tradi
tions practice various methods of healing, from the Celestial
‘Chonus's Laying on Hands to the crazed theories the Sons of

Ether espouse conceming electrical

mulation of the human
body's healing faculties.

6 Better Body —By reweaving the Pattem ofherown
body, the mage can improve slightly on Mother Nature. Each
successrolled enables the mage
tw increase one of her Physical

‘orher Appearance,
by one point. The effect has a
duration based on the number
ofsuccesses, butcannot become
permanent. After some time,


AWM

ii"

"leak" Quintessence. The mage will first suffer one Health
Level of damage, and will subsequently suffer more and more
physical trauma (i.e. Health Levels) as time progresses until
she dies. This damage cannot be corrected or healed until the
mage allows her Pattern to revert to its natural weave (losing
the points gained in Attributes), and then can only be regained
at a natural healing rate, not through Pattern healing. Nor-
mally, the damage accumulates at the rate of one Health Level
per day, but if the mage frequently exerts the capabilities of her
improved body, this interval can decrease to minutes or hours.

The mages of the Akashic Brotherhood use a similar
effect to create areas of dense bone in the parts of their body
used for striking in martial combat. Euthanatos sometimes
cause sharp bony spikes to extrude from their bodies. They use
these protrusions as daggers or claws in their death combats.
The Storyteller can simulate these natural weapons with the
statistics for clubs or knives (see Chapter Nine).

* Mutate Form — The mage can alter the form of
another living creature. He can
cause deformities, paralysis or
other physical impairments, or
he can find beneficial uses for
the magickal effect. With suffi-
cient control, the mage could
alter a subject's bone structure,
allowing the subject to slip
through prison bars. He could
alter a human's respiratory sys-

tem to allow her to extract oxygen from water. Mages also use
these mutations as the ultimate form of disguise, altering body
structure to adjust height, weight, build and facial features.

The number of successes rolled indicates the degree to
which the mage can warp the subject's body. Mutations that
last more than one scene may cause the traumatic Pattern
leaking effect described above in Better Body.

eee Rip the Man-Body — The Euthanatos use the
Sphere of Life to kill humans. With this effect, amage can rend
the Patterns of more complex lifeforms. As the mage lacks
detailed knowledge of such complex Patterns, she is unable to
unravel the Patterns quickly. The overall effect is similar to
Little Good Death, but Rip the Man-Body can affect any
lifeform. This damage manifests as lesions and internal hem-
orthaging.

¢¢¢¢ Physiological Emotion Control — Virtual Adepts
still view human beings as innately biological creatures. They
have found that the human mind can often be controlled by
inducing certain reactions within the physical body. For
example, the emotions of anger or fear can be induced by
causing the body to release adrenaline. Similarly, tremendous
pleasure can be induced by having the body release endor-
phins. Even depression often has biological causes. This control
that the physical body has over the mind is one of the reasons
that the Virtual Adepts wish to attain a virtual reality state,
where the body is left behind and the mind is no longer a slave
to the body's needs.


re
a
he
«)

Any Adept of Life can induce emotions in a subject by
causing the person's body to release the correct hormones. The
more successes on the effect roll, the more severe the emotion.
© Animal Form — The Verbena Masters of Life
can switch form at will, taking the body of whatever animal
best suits their current needs or desires. The Verbena also use
this effect on those who displease them, turning the offender
into a lesser creature such as a frog or a fly.

The Order of Hermes uses a similar effect (Metamorpho-
sis) to take the form of mythical creatures such as griffins and
manticora.

The subject of the transformation receives all the benefits
and penalties of the new form. The subject's senses are limited
to those of the new form (e.g.,a human transformed into a tree
would not be able to see, smell or hear, but might gain new
senses that allow her to "feel" sunlight, water and wind). The
subject's sentience does not change, and mages may still make
use of magick in any form.

Matter

Have you heard the tale of the philosopher's stone? It was
sought by alchemists for hundreds of years as the means to turn
base metals into gold. Had the Technomancers not made gold
one of their periodic elements, the alchemists might have suc-
ceeded. Indeed, the science of the Sons of Ether may succeed yet.

In truth, there is no need for pestles and mortars or
philosopher's stones. Through the paradigm of physical reality
Patterns, the enlightened mind can mold even the rigid Patterns
of lifeless matter.

Having mastered this knowledge, it is difficult for me even
to conceive of a world where one cannot control the forms and
shapes of the environment. What a primitive and miserable
existence, where one must shape matter with one's hands!

Please, Idonot mean to belittle your current state; I merely
ruminate over the scope of all that I have leamed. You too can
accomplish great things with your mind.

I will begin your instruction; be warned, however, that in
thecoming years, I may leave you to continue my studies among
the Oracles. Then you will need to find a new tutor.

The Sphere of Matter concerns itself with the
Patterns of all things that are not alive. While
its domain is often called the inorganic, this is
a misnomer — even compounds of carbon are
included in the domain of Matteras longas they
are not part of a living form. For example, the
flesh ofaman is influenced by the Sphere of Life
until he dies, but from that moment on (when
his Pattern shifts from life to unlife and Quin-
tessence no longer trickles into it) his corpse is controllable
through the Sphere of Matter. For Storytellers who include
undead beings such as vampires in their chronicle, the bodies
of such creatures fall under the sway of Matter, not Life, should
a mage attempt to alter the undead form.

The Patterns of Matter differ from those of Life or Forces
in that they are much more rigid and enduring. They do not
fluctuate nearly as much, and therefore they are not as easy to
alter. However, they are much simpler to weave, and a mage
with enough knowledge in Prime to be able to channel
Quintessence (Rank Two) can easily create new items of
matter.

Masters of Matter do not show many outward signs of
their ability. They do have a great disdain for possessions (they
create them as needed), tempered by an increased apprecia-
tion for art, and look upon the entire world as something
subject to their control. This viewpoint leads many Masters of
Matter to become haughty.

e Matter Perceptions

ee Create Unified Patterns

coo Alter Matter/Pattern Disassociation
eeee =Transmutation/Quilted Forms
e@eeee New Substances or Structures

«Matter Perceptions

The Disciple of Matter begins by learning to recognize the
various Patterns of matter, including the weaves that give
objects their shapes and their physical properties. These per-
ceptions of matter allow the Disciple to recognize many things
concerning the reality around him, things hidden to normal
senses. In addition to sensing the composition and properties
of matter, the Disciple can see structures hidden within
structures, because the forms of Matter are no longer a barrier
to her senses.

¢* Create Onified Patterns

The mage can now weave her own Patterns to create
objects of unified material. She
can create pockets of gas, pools
of liquid, andsolidsofany shape.
The mage can only create Pat-
terns that are stable in the
environment in which they are
created (e.g., she could not cre-
ate a pool of liquid nitrogen ina
room-temperature environ-


ment; such would first require knowledge of Forces to freeze the
nitrogen).

Like any other creation effect using Pattern magick, the
mage must also have knowledge in the Sphere of Prime (Rank
Two) in order to feed the created Pattern Quintessence and
thereby cause it to materialize.

eee Alter Matter/Pattern
Disassociation

At the third rank of Matter, the mage can finally over-
power the rigid Patterns of matter. By selectively altering
different threads within a Pattern, he is now able to change the
shape of any inanimate object. The mage can also alter specific
Pattern threads and thereby change some properties of sub-
stances, suchas their boiling or melting points, or theirdensity.

The other major effect available to Rank Three Disciples
is called Pattern disassociation. Through Pattern disassocia-
tion, a mage can alter the Pattern of an inanimate object,
preventing it from interacting with some other reality Pattern
the mage selects. The object will then become immaterial and
nonexistent in regard to the other reality Pattern from which
it was disassociated.

Transmutation/ Quilted Forms

The mage now begins to understand the means of break-
ing apart the Pattern of a material object without disrupting
the object's structure. This ability allows the mage to change
the composition of the object without changing its shape. It is
the power of true transmutation.

Adepts of Matter can also create much more complex
items through a Pattern magick effect called Quilted Forms.
These forms are several Patterns of matter interwoven with
one another into one structure. For example, the mage could
now create a car, complete with all of the forms of plastic,
metal, rubber and upholstery that make up a car.

eeeee New Substances or
Structures

Masters of Matter may create entirely new substances
with properties beyond the scope of imagined material science.
They have learned how to separate objects into component
parts. They may now give any form of matter virtually any
property they desire: density, rigidity, melting and boiling
points, viscosity, surface tension, electromagnetic response,
and transparency or opacity.

Masters build castles with
paper-thin walls, and wear
clothes of indestructible armor
that feel softer than silk and
weigh less than a feather. They
cause pools of water to become
heavier than lead, or cause cop-
per to become an insulator

instead of an electrical conductor.

There are still some limitations on the mage, for even a
Master doesnot know all the intricacies of modifying Patterns.
A Master could not, for example, change an object's density to
that of a black hole, or create materials that are impervious to
thermal conduction or electromagnetic effects. Mages who
seek this type of knowledge pursue it among the Oracles of
Matter.

A Master of Matter can also create complete structures no
larger than molecules. These nanotechnology creations are
capable of countless duties, and their self-replicating ability
makes them awesome, yet dangerous, tools to use. Itis rumored
that the Oracles of Matter have taken the concept of
nanotechnology astep further and created entire entities, new
forms of pseudo-life, using only the inanimate.

Matter Effects

¢ Fragments of Dream — Dreamspeakers see all matter
as being fragments of Gaia's dream. By tapping the Earth
Mother's dream, they can expand their perception of Matter.
The mage extends her senses beyond physical reality into
Pattern. She no longer sees matter in the same way, e.g.,
instead of a brick wall, she sees its Pattern in her mind's eye.

This allows the mage to perceive things that would be
unseen in physical reality. For example, the mage could sense
the contents of a room beyond a wall. She can also detect
objects or structures that might otherwise be hidden, such as
the false bottom of a suitcase.

The only limit to this effect isthat the mage can only sense
the Patterns of Matter (unless she is a Disciple of other Pattern
magicks).

© Analyze Substance — As a Disciple of Matter, the
mage has begun to identify the Patterns of different substances.
He can detect the exact composition of any substance, and
may detect aspects such as the object's age or weight by
examining the Pattern. The mage could distinguish diamonds
from cubic zirconiums, detect poison in wine, or tell an antique
chair from a modern imitation by studying the chair's Pattern
to see signs of aging.

eee Matter Pattern Disassociation — The unwieldy
name for this effect undoubtedly came from the labs of the
Sons of Ether. It involves modifying the Patterns of two pieces
of matter so that the two items become insubstantial with
respect to one another. The items will not interact in any way.
For example, doors slide through their hinges and fall, water
cascades through the pipe that was carrying it, a truck wheel
drops through the rubber tire and grinds on the pavement, etc.
The affected items are in no way changed except with regard
to each other.

The more successes the mage scores, the more mass he is
able to affect. The mage can simultaneously affect several
similar items, such asall four wheels andall four tires ona truck
at once, so long as they are formed of the same material.

eee Sculpture — Mages of the Cult of Ecstasy who
practice the Sphere of Matter are usually fine artists. They use
their magick to give themselves new mediums of art. Indeed,
those who progress to the third rank of Matter can use any
piece of matter as their medium for artistic interpretation.

These mages become sculptors extraordinaire, using sol-
ids they find throughout the mundane worldas their clay. They
reshape houses, fire hydrants, cars, doors, furniture, etc. The
mage need only mentally resculpt the image of the matter and
then modify its Pattern so that the object assumes the desired
shape. A larger object requires more success to manipulate, and
the mage can change only the shape of the item, not its
properties.

eee Alter Weight — This effect is the first of many
material property alterations the Sons of Ether perform. This
effect allows the mage to alter an object's density, thus chang-
ing the weight but not the size of the object. For example, the
mage could reduce the density of the iron ina crowbar, making
it lighter but not changing its shape or size. For every success
on the magickal effect roll, the mage can adjust the density of
the object by one factor. With one success the mage can double
or halve an object's density; two successes enable the mage to
quadruple or quarter an object's weight; and so on with more
successes. Objects that are substantially reduced in density
tend to become brittle and fragile; some even collapse.

Hollow Ones are fond of using a similar effect to cause
fancy cars to collapse under their own weight, or to bringdown
the roofs on yuppie-infested buildings.

eee Alter State — By changing an object's boiling or
freezing point, the mage can alter the state of matter between
solid, liquid and gaseous. The mage does not change the
temperature of the matter, merely its form. He might cause
water to freeze into ice at room temperature, but the ice will
remain at room temperature. It will not freeze because it
becomes colder; rather, it will freeze because the mage alters
the temperature at which the water will freeze.

The more successes scored on the magickal effect roll, the
more the mage can alter the temperature at which the matter
will turn to a solid, liquid or gas. Without checking listings of
melting and boiling points in a science book, the Storyteller
should just use common knowledge to decide what is possible
at various levels of success. One success would cause water to
freeze at room temperature, while five successes could turn
gases in the air into solids, encapsulating other objects or
people.

¢¢e Destroy Structures — The mage uses her knowl-
edge of Matter Patterns to
unweave the Patterns of struc-
tures, shredding them and
thereby breaking down their
physical incarnations. The ef-
fect is in some ways similar to
Sculpture, exceptthat the mage
is unconcerned with the new
form of the structure; she is sim


ply breaking it down as quickly as possible. She can shred steel
doors, cause wooden tables to fall apart, or cause concrete to
crumble. The mage can disperse pools of gas or liquid as long
as there is an open area into which the pool can dilute. For
example, the mage could extinguish an oil fire burning on top
of a river by causing the oil to disperse into the water.

The mage can only affect one type of material with each
effect. The more successes rolled for the effect, the larger or
more intricate the structure the mage can destroy.

¢¢ee Transmutation — Adepts of Matter can remove
the strands of an object's Pattern that determine an object's
composition and replace them with newly created strands that
imparta different composition. The end result is that the mage
can transmute matter, changing its base material.

This transmutation effect is incredibly potent and versa-
tile. The mage can entrap people by transmuting nitrogen in
the air into iron; he can turn plaster walls into glass, or lead
weights into gold. The more successes rolled for the effect, the
more mass the mage can transmute. The mage can only affect
one type of material at a time.

¢eeee Tapping the Signal — Virtual Adepts use Mas-
tery of Matter to turn any substance into a conductor capable
of transmitting computer signals. They can send computer
signals through brick walls or along the pavement of an
interstate highway. They sometimes use this effect to eaves-
drop by tapping into computer communications on "isolated"
lines. The computer mage forms a conductive path to the
private line through any matter that is in the way, be it walls,
insulators, etc.

It rumored that the Virtual Adepts have fine enough
control of this effect to turn the ground itself into a network of
computer lines. The mage need only plug his computer into
the ground itself to create a channel into the ground that taps
into the nearest preestablished line. The Tradition is said to
have a network of lines that crisscross the entire crust of the
Earth. Even mages of the Virtual Adept Tradition who are not
themselves Masters of Matter may know of secret locations
across the surface of the Earth where the channels have been
established.

Mind

Do not be startled, child. My voice is in your mind, not in
your ear. Verbal communication is so limited. Youwill find that
telepathy is purity.

Tunderstand, child. You have held the erroneous belief that
perhaps ESP was possible, but this pure telepathy is beyond your
belief. Why did you think ESP was the limit of the human mind'
capabilities? Because science has almost given it the stamp of
approval? In truth, the powers of the human mind know no
limit. Our mind shapes the very laws of reality. Our beliefs
create reality.

Megalomaniac? Me? You are like Xenophanes of old,
questioning man's anthropomorphic vision of the gods' true
forms, saying that belief in gods in the shape of man was a
conceit. Similarly then, Iam guilty of cosmic conceit to believe
the human mind responsible for shaping reality in the form of the
mind's own beliefs. Yet it is true, as you shall see. Your belief
should not come from understanding of reality; rather, reality
should come from your understanding of belief.

For now, I will enlighten you to the true potential of the
human mind. Choose to take this journey with me, and
telepathy will be but one of many things over which you will gain
mastery.

Modern man has recognized within himself a
need to explore the unknown, to conquer new
frontiers. European colonists of America felt a
manifest destiny to explore and civilize the
American continent (never mind the native
population that had already done so). Today
man has few remaining frontiers to satisfy the
desire for exploration — the deep ocean, outer
space, the subatomic world, the workings of the
human mind...

Mages have long delved
into their own minds in search
of power. The scope of knowl-
edge derived from countless
years of enlightened investiga-
tion has led to the development
of the Sphere of Mind. The

° Empower Self
ee Mental Impulse
eee Mental Link
eeee Control Minds
eeeee Untether

Sphere covers the manifold powers attributed to the human
mind itself. It does not include the physiological processes of
the organic brain; such hormonal influences are deemed petty
by Masters of Mind. The Sphere transcends biology for the raw
essence of intelligent thought.

Masters of Mind have opened their mental faculties far
beyond the scope imagined by the unenlightened. Perception,
communication, even control of thought processes are their
domain. Their control extends from the glimmers of sentience
exhibited by animals to the higher faculties of the human
mind.

duh 'da~ ee as

Masters of Mind occasionally reveal themselves through
odd behavior patterns such as finishing other people's sen-
tences, lightning-fast mathematical calculations, or already
knowing trivia about complete strangers when they first meet.
They also tend to be introspective and often talk to them-
selves.

Empower Self

Before the mage attempts contact with the minds of
others, it is wise for her first to master her own. At this rank,
mages explore the powers of their minds. Many develop eidetic
memory, amazing computational speed, a type of multi-task-
ing brain function, and mind-over-body control of their
autonomic nervous systems (though many mages scorn such
biological control as primitive study).

e+ Mental Impulse

The mage now begins reaching out to other minds. At
first, his practice is limited to the minds of plants, which
exhibit only glimmers of a mental presence. The mage then
works through the spectrum of animal sentience, eventually
broadening into the more complicated task of contacting
another human mind.

The mage's ability is limited to subconscious impulses; he
cannot yet achieve true conscious communication. He is able
to detect another's feelings empathically, or transmit emo-
tional impulses to influence another's behavior. The mage can
also communicate indirectly with the consciousness of an-
other by sending images or single words to the person's
subconscious mind. Such subconscious suggestions are much
more insidious, and can often be more advantageous, than
direct conscious communication.

¢ Mental Link

The mage is able to establish clear links between his own
consciousness and the minds of others. The mage can use this
link for telepathic communication or for telepathic invasion
of another's thoughts and memories.

Along with the ability to project thoughts and images into
another's mind comes the ability to project false perceptions
into the mind. At this rank, the mage has full command of
perceptual illusions.

At this rank, mages of some Traditions are also taught
means of projecting psychic disturbances into a subject's mind.
These psychic assaults take many forms, but their end goal is
to turn the victim into a mental vegetable.

¢ Control Minds

Beyond simple communication or thought projection, a
mage with this level of understanding is able to control the
thoughts of another sentient being. The mage's own thoughts
now take precedence over the original thoughts of the mage's
puppet victim.

Once the mage has invaded the mind of another, he can
work magick not only to control the victim, but to alter his

1 ids: is

mind. He can cure or induce insanity, change memories, or set
up perceptual barriers similar to post-hypnotic suggestions.
Every facet of the invaded mind is under the mage's control.

¢ Ontether

When the mage achieves Mastery of Mind, she under-
stands the mind's unique nature, apart from that of her body.
She can untether her mind from her corporeal form and travel
freely. This ability, often referred to as astral projection, is said
to be the gateway to higher powers known only to the Oracles.
The nature of astral existence, of pure mental form, is un-
known to the Traditions.

Mind Effects

© Multi-Tasking — It's quite possible that the Virtual
Adepts have too intimate an involvement with their com-
puter tools (perhaps they will eventually meld too closely with
their computers and become cyborgs like the Technomancers
of Iteration X). The Virtual Adepts' affinity for computer
processing reveals itself in how they approach the Mind
magick they call Multi-Tasking (other Traditions label it and
conceive of it differently).

Each success scored enables the mage to perform one
additional task. The Virtual Adepts see this as setting up
parallel processing in their minds. The additional task(s) may
be equivalent to any that would normally occupy him men-
tally. Thusa mage who obtained two successes on his magickal
effect roll might speak on the telephone toa comrade, program
acomputer, and memorize a recording in the background. The
teal limit is the mage's physical ability to perform all of the tasks
his mind is capable of processing.

Unfortunately, mages (other than the Oracles of Mind)
have been unable to channel their wills through more than
one thought avenue at once. Thus, the mage cannot simulta-
neously evoke multiple magickal effects, nor can he spend
Willpower on more than one task at a time.

¢ © Pathos — By mentally reaching out to any individual
near her, the mage can gain insight into the subject's current
feelings. The more successes scored on the effect roll, the more
comprehensive the mage's understanding of the feelings and
their origins. For example, one success and the mage senses
anger, two successes and the mage senses anger mixed with
fear, three successes and the mage senses that the subject in fact
feels anger spawned from anguish over loss mixed with fear,
and so on with more successes. The mage must succeed with
a Willpower roll (difficulty assigned by the Storyteller based
upon intensity of feelings) to
resist being infected by the
subject's emotions and experi-
encing them herself.

This empathic ability is
commonly employed by the
Akashic Brotherhood, Celes-
tial Chorus, and Verbena. The
Cult of Ecstasy uses empathy


extensively to "ride" others' emotions, and the Sons of Ether
clinically study emotions for their own branch of paradigm
psychology.

¢¢ Subliminal Impulse — The mage can broadcast a
single image or word into a subject's subconscious. The more
successes rolled, the more powerful the suggestion. The sub-
conscious impulse will work its way into the conscious; more
powerful impulses blaze straight into the subject's conscious
mind. The subject's response depends upon both her Will-
power and the compatibility of the impulse with her normal
feelings and behavior.

Powerful impulses can cause dramatic changes in behav-
ior, or trigger spontaneous reactions. For example, a mage may
cause a waiter to drop a plate by impelling to the waiter's
subconscious mind the word "HOT" as the man picks up the
plate. Truly powerful impulses can even cause psychotic orself-
destructive acts. Such subliminal suggestions may linger in the
subject's subconscious depending on the number of successes

rolled.

¢¢ No-Mind—All mages
who possess Rank Two Mind
are capable of scanning their
surroundings for sentience.
However, the mages of the
Akashic Brotherhood have per-
fected the effect to a fine art.

(iy

Sah ae

These mages enter a Zen-like trance state wherein their own
thoughts are subdued and their minds become open to the
impressions of other minds. Such a mage is able to sense the
general location of any minds near her, as well as other details
such as the gender of the detected creature, i.e. male/female/
neuter (some plants and spirits actually register to Mind
magick); the type of creature (human, rat, redwood); and
sometimes the general behavior of the creature (running,
hiding, eating. etc.). Some Do masters have been known to
blind themselves purposefully, forcing them to rely on the No-
Mind effect. Such mages believe that the No-Mind state is a
step toward Ascension and should be cultivated.

ee Telepathy — The mage establishes a communica-
tion link between his own mind and a number of minds equal
tothe number of successes he scores on his magickal effect roll.
The surface thoughts of everyone linked telepathically are
automatically exchanged across the link, creating a collage of
images and language. Those unaccustomed to telepathic com-
munication invariably send more information than they had
intended to share, for they are untrained in controlling their
surface thoughts. Indeed, linking several untrained minds
creates a tremendous volume of psychic "noise," as those
untrained in telepathy do not know how to blank their minds
to avoid constantly "talking" across the link.

¢ © © Graphic Transmission — Virtual Adepts approach
the power of illusion in their customary fashion, through
computer technology. Tocreate an illusion inasubject's mind,

the mage executes a graphics routine on his computer and
transmits it directly into the subject's consciousness. What
ever images the mage creates on his computer displ
heard and smelled by the subject as if they were real, because
they exist in his mind.

The numberof successes on the magick effect rol limits
thecomplexity ofthe desired illusion. Forexample, an illusion
‘of complete darkness would require twosuccesses, while afully
detailed person who walks and ralks would require four suc-
cesses. The Storyteller may grant victims of this effect a
Perception rol to distinguish berween reality and illusion (for
Virtual Adept illusions, this means noticing that cerrain
visions look digitized or made up of very fine pixels). Subjects
of the illusory effect are still free to disregard the phantom
sensory input, as long as they know what is illusion and what
isreal. Most subjects will till react reflexivelytoillusions,even
if they believe them to be false. For example, a target will

involuntarily duck a phantom ball thrown at her head.
‘#66 Probe Thoughts — The mage attemprs to invade
the thoughts of another. The mage must choose the types of
thoughts she wishes to scan: memories, surface thoughts,
‘emotional ties, subconscious desires, sensory impulses, ete
Ifthe mage successfully evokes this effect, the subject may
suddenly find himself a passive observer to his own thought

processes, no longer in control of which thoughts sift through
his conscious mind. He will experience the memories ot
emotions that the

If the mage is ning surface thoughts, the
subject will feel only a vague intrusion; most Sleepers will
immediately dismiss this sensation. The subject will retain
control of his thoughts; in this case the mage is the passive
observer

‘The mage can maintain the scan for a number of minutes
equal to the number of successes. The mage will be unable to
probe the same subject again until the subject sleeps.

While the subject must be present for the mage to work
the effect (unless the mage is also using Correspondence), the
subject can travel anywhere once the mage has successfully
established the probe. For example, the mage might establish
a mental link
‘The subject can then go around a comer, out of sight, oreven.
be transported away with other magick, and the mage's sensory
link will remain for the effect' duration.

#6 Possession — Euthanatos mages often contact
spirits that prefer to manifest in physical reality by possessing
one ofthe mages who summon them. Euthanatos themselves
exercise similar possession powers over other humans.

The Possession effect operates in a fashion similar to
Probe Thoughts, in that the mage invades the mind of
another. This invasion is much more dramatic than that of
Probe Thoughts, and the victim instinctively attempes to
eject the psyche of the mage. If the mage fails to possess the
target, she cannot again attempt control until the victim
sleeps.

allowing him to see whatever his subject secs.

Ifthe mage takescontrol, hhenow commands the subject'
body and thoughts. The mage has such total control that the
subjects thought-patterns and mind are subsumed by those of
the mage. This element of the control effect is critical. The
‘mage does not have to command the subject's arm to lift; the
mage can instead cause the subject to think "lift arm" and the
subject will lfthisown arm. The subject is obliviousto the fact
that he is being controlled. From the subject's perspective,
each thought is his own.

Alternately, the mage may electtocontrolonly partofthe
subject's capacities, such as emotions or motor control (ifthe
‘mage only controls the motor responses, movements will be
robotic). If the subject is only partially controlled, he will
realize the mage is present and is controlling hit.

During the period of control, the mage's own mental
facultiesare consumed with the efforts of maintaining control
and thinking for the subject. The mage will often let the
subject behave normally, stepping in to redirect the subject's
thought-pattems as desired. Once control is established, the
subject can go anywhere and the link will be maintained.

While the mage still has control, she may elect to utilize
Manipulate Memory (see below) todelete the subject's memory
cof the moment when the mage fought for and took control
The subject will then believe that his thoughts and deeds for
the past several hours were his own making. Many victims may
begin to wonder if they are insane and developing split
personalities

Manipulate Memory — This effect is another
rental power similar to Possession. The mage must
successfully invade and overpower his subject just as with
Possession. If the mage succeeds, he may manipulate the
subject's memories, blocking existing ones from surfacing
(though the actual memories cannot be wiped away) and
creating new memories by feeding images into the subject's
mind. The more successes rolled, the greater the amounts of
memory the mage can control

The process is reversible. Another mage can undo the
manipulations performed on a subject (although she must
score more successes than the original mage).

seeee Untether — The mage is able to separate his
‘mind fromhisbody. Not tobe confused with steppingsideways
into the Umbra, in which the mind is still housed in a spirit
body, Untether completely divorces the mind from all ee.
‘The mage becomes an embodiment of mental essence, com-
‘monly called an astral form.

The mage's consciousness can travel through physical
reality at speeds greater than
500 mph. Without the sensory
corgans of is physical body, the
rmage's perceptions are limited
to those of magickal nature.
However, heisstillabletosense
‘other minds near his own, and
can utilize cheit perceptions if

invasi


he possesses appropriate magick. The mage may also elect to
take control ofmindsnear him, or influence and communicate
using any other powers he has mastered.

The mage'ssentience is formless and massless, and as such
is virtually impervious to harm. The mage can manifest in a
ghostly gray form for one turn by spending a point of Will-
power. Other astral travelers, or astral beings such as ghosts,
can directly interact with the mage. For purposes of astral
actions, the mage's Mental and Social Attributes replace his
Physical Attributes. In astral form, Wits serves as Dexterity,
Manipulation serves as Strength, and Intelligence serves as
Stamina.

If two astral beings engage in direct conflict, the purpose
of the combat is normally to sever the opponent's silver cord.
Thesilver cord isa thin filament that stretches through the as-
tral Realm, connecting a living being's astral form with his
physical body. In astral combat, damage is inflicted upon
Willpower instead of the Health Trait, and when a combatant
isreduced to zero Willpower, the silver cord is snapped. Beings
that have no physical shells (such as ghosts or the Ba spirits of
dead mummies) do not have silver cords and are simply
disrupted when they reach zero Willpower.

When a mage's silver cord is severed, the astral traveler is
believed to be completely drawn into the astral world. Mages

are uncertain of how such an astral world fits into the cosmol-
ogy of the Tellurian, and those who have survived and
returned from the loss of their silver cords report a journey
mixed with emotional extremes, mental lucidity bordering on
enlightenment, and total confusion. It is believed that the
mages of the Oracles of Mind venture to the astral Realm
frequently, but lesser mages find the experience too disorient-
ing to describe.

Finally, the mage is completely unaware of his physical
body once he leaves its physical presence to journey astrally.
However, Masters of Mind know enough about the link
between the physical body and astral presence to be able to
reconnect their silver cords to other bodies. This is especially
important if the mage's physical body is destroyed or dies. The
mage's astral presence is unaffected by the body's physical
death (though some Masters of Mind who wished to achieve
immortality by this means reported to their corporeal Disciples
that they were being hounded by certain spirits that came from
the Realms beyond Final Death). However, without the link
to the physical Realm, the mage begins to slip into the astral.
He must reconnect his cord to another body. If an empty
magickal vessel is not available, the mage may attempt to
control the mind of another sentient and thereby house his
own intellect in the body. The mage essentially becomesa split
personality within the body's original mind.

Prime

Why have you bothered with these other so-called Spheres
of magickal thought? The understanding of the quintessential
nature is all you truly need. The rest is flotsam on the ocean of
quintessential reality.

No! Youcontemptible fool! Quintessence is not merely the
essence of magick, itis the essence of everything. Alll energy, all
matter, space and time flow from Quintessence. Quintessence
is itself neither energy nor matter; it is beyond such nomencla-

ture. Itis unity. It is the building block of all things. Have your
previous masters taught you nothing?

The origin of the mind? Bah! That's an irrelevant question
for the metaphysical theorists, who have nothing better todo than
attack ideas. Don't interrupt me with such diversions.

Tf you wish to understand and thereby control Quintes-
sence, then you may become my pupil. If you prove yourself
worthy of such knowledge, you may progress to the control of
what is and what is not.

Prime is the study of Quintessence, the fabric of reality.
Quintessence is often referred to as the Prime, because it is
envisioned as an indivisible unity, of which all reality is but a
part. Pursuing the Sphere of Prime is a convoluted study of ill-
understood metaphysics. More than for any other Sphere, the
Masters of Quintessence struggle to find answers that com-
pletely define theirfield. Asmuchas they hate toadmitit,even
the knowledge of the Masters is
more concerned with tech-
niques for manipulating
Quintessence than with true
comprehension of its underly-
ing principles.

The Sphere of Prime at-
tracts many Disciples, but very

e Store Quintessence
ee Fuel Pattern
eee Channel Quintessence

Expel Base Energy
eccee Alter Flow

few pursue the Sphere to become Adepts or Masters. The
Sphere offers a great deal of important effects to its Disciples,
especially to mages who seek to master Pattern magicks, but
the complexity of the Sphere's theories dissuades most mages
from pursuing it further. They lose sight of the Sphere's
benefits and its all-encompassing importance to Ascension.
Because Masters of Prime are in short supply, the demand
for them is tremendous. Every Chantry has need of a Disciple,
ifnot an Adept or Master of Prime. Such mages are so essential

WOW WIG,
NS

to a Chantry's long-term viability that Masters of Prime
become targets in conflicts between Chantries.

Prime mages are so important because they control free
Quintessence, the currency of mages. Free Quintessence gives
mages power over their Chantries' Domains. Quintessence is
acurrency of power, and Masters of Prime are its accountants.

Masters of Prime are detectable by the auras of power that
seem to surround them. Their eyes glow with a fiery heat and
people who accidentally run into them may be knocked down
without budging the mage. Their power does not quantify itself
as it does for mages of Forces. Rather, Prime mages are like
explosives ready to detonate.

¢ Store Quintessence

Every mage who seeks to master magick had best study the
basics of Prime. Without the first rank of knowledge in Prime,
the mage cannot store free Quintessence within his own body
beyond the amount he receives from his Avatar. Mage char-
acters who are not Disciples of Prime
Quintessence ratings above their Avatar Background ratings.

can never have

The first rank of Prime also provides the mage with basic
perceptions of Quintessence, such as the ability to sense where
it is stored and the magnitude of the reservoir.

ee Fuel Pattern
The mage re
pool of Quintessence that exists throughout reality. This

‘alizes the existence of a seemingly infinite

Quintessence is free, not bound into Patterns. If the mage is
knowledgeable enough in one of the three Spheres of Pattern
magick, he may divert a trickle from this great pool of Quin-
tessence into a Pattern of his own creation. In the case of
Patterns that create life, the mage sets up a stream of Quintes-
sence to feed the created Pattern.

eee Channel Quintessence

There are rare sites called Nodes where the powers of
reality are focused. These places are vital to mages, for Nodes
store a surplus of Quintessence. This surplus Quintessence is
called free Quintessence by mages, and itis their lifeblood. Free
Quintessence may be used to aid magickal effects, create
Talismans, strengthen Chantries, or build new Domains.

At this rank, the mage understands how to draw these
reservoirs of surplus or "free" Quintessence out of the Patterns
in which they are stored. The mage becomes a conduit of
Quintessence, storing it in his own being or channeling it into
other Patterns, such as her
Chantry's pocket Realm.

To the lament of all Dis-
ciples of Prime, free
Quintessence can only be fun-
neled from one established
Pattern into another Pattern.

Even Masters of Prime are un-

A ere re

able totapintothe "pool" of free Quintessence described under
Prime Rank Two.

Additionally, mages do not know how to draw extra
Quintessence out of this large pool when they create new
Patternsand fuel them with Quintessence. That is tosay, when
a mage creates an object, only enough Quintessence to make
the object can be siphoned into it — there is no surplus
Quintessence in anything a mage creates from scratch.

This inability to draw Quintessence from established
sources has led mages to describe Quintessence as either raw or
free. The terms are for classification only; there is actually no
difference between the two. Raw Quintessence makes up
Patterns, flows through Patterns of life, and coalesces in the
tremendous pool of Quintessence from which mages draw the
energies for Pattern magick. Free Quintessence is surplus
Quintessence that can be manipulated and transferred. Raw
Quintessence is the energy that grants life or form to every-
thing, froma lightning bolt ina stormy sky toa normal person.
Free Quintessence is the extra power held by a mage as part of
his Quintessence Trait. If that Trait goes to zero, the mage still
has the raw Quintessence that allows him to live and be
human.

The special properties of free Quintessence that allow it
to be transferred from Pattern to Pattern are beyond the
understanding of the Masters of Prime. Even they are limited
to the techniques of transferring it. If the members ‘of the
Oracles of Prime know more, they are saying nothing. There
isa definite limit to the amount of free Quintessence that exists
in Gaia, and Chantries battle fiercely for control of this
precious commodity.

* Expel Base Energy

While Disciples of Prime are largely limited to detecting
and manipulating free Quintessence, Adepts of Prime begin to
learn rudimentary methods for channeling raw Quintessence.
Theyare able to pull Quintessence out of the Patterns of matter
and energy, thereby affecting the Pattern's incarnation in
reality. Each shard of inanimate matter and each spark of
energy has Quintessence stored in its Pattern. Adepts can
expel the Quintessence from these Patterns, recycling it into
the cosmic pool of raw Quintessence. Without Quintessence
in its Pattern, the matter or energy ceases to exist.

Adepts who are also knowledgeable enough in Matter or
Forces can use conjunctional effects to alter the amount of
Quintessence stored in various parts of these Patterns, thereby
"dissolving" different aspects or properties of the energy or
matter. The mage could make
solids become insubstantial,
cause a magnet to have only
one pole, remove a chemical's
ability to form nuclear bonds
with other chemicals (this pro-
cess would, for example, make
an acid unable to corrode), or
cause objects to have no mass

Eat

Pixs

and yet still be solid. While Pattern magicks themselves allow
mages to alter or reduce these properties, the most direct way
to erase select properties completely from reality is by extract-
ing the raw Quintessence that fuels the undesired portion of
the substance's Pattern.

eceee Alter Flow

Masters of Prime continue to delve into theories that give
them greater control over raw Quintessence. They can now
begin to alter established flows of raw Quintessence. This gives
them great control over the Patterns of life.

Living beings interact with Quintessence in a unique
manner. Their Quintessence is not stored in their Patterns;
rather, a stream of Quintessence continuously flows through
their Patterns. By damming the flow of Quintessence intoa life
Pattern, the mage extinguishes the spark of life within the
creature.

In addition to stopping Quintessence flow, the mage can
increase the flow of Quintessence through a Pattern. This is of
little benefit to lifeforms without strong Avatars, but those
with strong dynamic potential can instantly recharge their
Avatars' Quintessence.

Also, some Masters of Prime report that they have found
connections between Paradox and Quintessence analogous to
those between negative and positive forces. These mages have
found little use for this budding knowledge, but some have
managed to channel free Quintessence in such a way that it
cancels Paradox energies that are not coalesced inside a
Pattern.

Prime Effects

© The Rush — Disciples of Prime are able to collect free
Quintessence that is channeled into their Patterns. Normally
Quintessence only flows through the Patterns of life; it does
not store itself in them as it does with inanimate matter and
energy. However, a mage of Prime is able to coalesce Quintes-
sencearoundhis Pattern and store it. Each success rolled allows
another point of Quintessence to be stored. The mage may
make only one roll per source of Quintessence. Note that the
mage cannot himself channel the Quintessence until he
reaches Rank Three in Prime. This effect allows the mage to
become a receptacle only.

The Cult of Ecstasy calls the act of receiving Quintes-
sence "The Rush." The Cultist must be hooked on whatever
depraved vice he uses as a focus. The influx of Quintessence
gives the cultist a mixed feeling of nausea and exhilaration.

© Sense Quintessence — The mage is able to sense free
Quintessence stored in the Patterns of reality near her. This
effect does not require a magickal effect roll, but the Storyteller
may call for a Perception roll. More successes allow greater
range and accuracy. This ability is generally a good way to

discover if any mages are nearby, as mages store some free
Quintessence within themselves by virtue of their Avatars or
through the use of Prime.


Mages of the Order of Hermesuse an engraving of the Seal
of Solomon to reveal the presence of Quintessence. Different
points of the star-shaped seal illuminate to indicate the direc-
tion of Quintessence, and the brightness with which the
symbol glows reveals the amount of Quintessence present.

¢ ¢ Rubbing of the Bones — Disciples of Prime donot yet
have the ability to cause a serious disruption of the flow of
Quintessence into a Pattern of life, but they are able to tamper
with that flow to some extent. Euthanatos call this effect the
Rubbing of the Bones, because they briskly rub their bone foci
when evoking the effect. The effect is that the steady flow of
Quintessence into the target's lifeform begins to ripple, surging
and ebbing in its flow.

Any lifeform affected will be stunned and unable to
function for the duration of the fluctuation (the Storyteller
may allow a Willpower expenditure to take limited action for
one turn). Its physical form will seem to fade in and outslightly,
becoming ghostly and immaterial one second and massively
heavy the next. Another mage caught in this effect may
choose to spend a point of stored Quintessence to smooth the
flow and cancel the effect completely.

¢¢¢ Bond of Blood — The Verbena believe that there
is power in blood. Blood symbolizes the power of life striving
for Ascension. As such, blood is an important focus for the
Sphere of Prime. To transfer free Quintessence between two
different receptacles, the Verbena must smear both his palms
in blood and touch both objects. The mage can then act as a
conduit, pulling Quintessence from one object and channel-
ing it into another (or into himself).

Each success on the magickal effect roll allows the mage
to transfer up to five points of Quintessence out of a Pattern
and channel it intohimselfor into another Pattern. Obviously,
the mage cannot take more Quintessence than the source
object stores. The mage may use this effect to take Quintes-
sence from another mage, but may not reduce the target's
Quintessence below its Avatar rating.

© Create Talisman — A mage must have Rank Three
in Prime to create items that store free Quintessence and use
it to power magickal effects. Rules for creating Talismans are
provided in Chapter Eight.

¢ eee Flames of Purification — Mages of the Celestial
Chorus are not destructive by nature. Still, they have been
known to wield the power of Prime to cleanse reality of things
profane to them. By fanning her focus of flame over a chosen
object, the mage can invoke this effect and cause the object to
burst into mystical flames. The flames will shed no heat, yet
they will quickly devour the
object until it is dispelled from
reality.

The mage is actually ex-
tracting all of the raw
Quintessence from the object's
Pattern. The object thus disap-
pears from reality, eventually
becoming nonexistent. The


ida ss

‘ota kh ae

wh ds" (i

more successes the mage scores, the greater the amount of mass
the mage can affect. She can affect several similar Patterns
simultaneously, such as all of the ice cubes in a glass. Only
inanimate objects can be affected.

°

Recharge Gift — Through meditation, mages of
the Akashic Brotherhood are able to increase the flow of raw
Quintessence through their Patterns. The mage is able to filter
the additional Quintessence through his own Avatar and
recharge his personal store of Quintessence. For each success
scored on the effect roll, the mage regains one point of
Quintessence, up to his Avatar Background's maximum limit.

eeeee Quintessence Blast — Dreamspeakers have
devised an effect to help them ward off the spirits of Paradox.
The Master of Prime charges his crystal focus by spending a
pointof Quintessence. The Dreamspeaker then uses his magick
to draw the Paradox spirit into the crystal focus. The essence
of the spirit reacts with the Quintessence stored in the crystal.
The reaction injures the spirit, dispels part of its essence, and
causes the crystal to explode into dust (for dramatic effect only;
no damage is thus caused).

Spirit

You have come to me because you like my paintings, yes?
You see in them something beyond what my other admirers
perceive. You sense that these wondrous places which I draw
must actually exist, and yet you wonder where, and how, it can
be so. Take, for instance, this painting of Alph, the sacred river
of Xanadu. Where are these caverns "measureless to man"
through which it runs?

I create my paintings for my own pleasure, but also to
attract curious, vibrant minds such as yours. I will gladly show

you these places. I will initiate you into the Invisible World where
‘your spirit soars through universes in the blink of an eye. These
are the measureless caverns which Coleridge saw.

In the Spirit, so much is possible. Pleasures and pains
beyond the bounds of the fragile human body can be experi-
enced, and this is why we exchange the physical body for one of
spirit. You disbelieve me, but you are too curious to fear my
apparent lunacy. Come, I will teach you to see these worlds
within our own, these worlds where we shall travel.

The Sphere of Spirit is one of the most definitive and compre-
hensive of the Spheres. The theories, models and concepts
used by the various Traditions to understand the Spirit Sphere
encompass skills for traveling through the spirit plane of
reality, dealing with the entities found therein, and surviving
such alien environments as the Deep Umbra or the Dream
Domains. Some mages choose to dabble in Spirit Discipleship,
learning how to step sideways into the Umbra and function
there. Some mages, especially those of Traditions such as the
Dreamspeakers, pursue study of the Sphere to Mastery —
indeed, almost to the exclusion of other Spheres.

Mages of Spirit seek to organize the Umbra into a cosmo-
logical map called the Tellurian. These efforts have met with
considerable frustration and only sporadic success. Itisas ifthe
Tellurian has a mind of its own and refuses to be charted. In
spite of this, or perhaps because of it, the Tellurian ignites the
curiosity and ambitions of many mages, and it is in the
Tellurian that many mages make their most daring endeavors.

° Spirit Sight/ Spirit Sense

The mage is introduced to the spirit world as the interme-
diary phase of reality between
conception (Quintessence and
Pattern) and perception (static,
physical reality). The mage
gains the ability to sense the
Near Umbra around her.

The mage also studies the
ways that the Umbra and its
personified entities influence

Spirit Sight/ Spirit Sense
Call Spirits/ Plumb the Deep Umbra
Travel Spirit
e — Fabricate Spirit/ Control Gauntlet
eeeee Outward Journeys

e

physical reality. The mage can detect areas where the Gaunt-
let, the barrier between the physical and the spirit worlds, is
weak or strong. She can also sense the proximity and nature of
spirits manifested in the physical world, including those em-
bodied in Garou fetishes. Finally, she can detect whensomeone
else is peering through the Gauntlet — in either direction.

** Call Spirits/ Plumb the Deep
Ombra

AtRank Two, the mage begins to learn about the myriad
entities within the spirit world. Countlessnumbers of mythical
beings have been created from the beliefs of human cultures
throughout history. These spirits inhabit both the Umbra itself
and its many Realms. Disciples of Spirit learn methods for
contacting these spiritual entities, and begin to interact in the
affairs of the spirits.

The mage is able to call upon and communicate with
these spirits. Disciples are warned to build relationships with
spirits gradually and carefully, for many of them wield powers
far beyond those of even experienced mages, and not all of
them behave according to human understanding or morality.


At this rank, the mage also begins to explore what lies
beyond the scope of Gaia's Realm, beyond the Near Umbra
The mage extends her perceptions into the Deep Umbra
peering into the void like a mystic astronomer. Through t
probes into the Deep Umbra, the mage can contact denizens
ofother Realms and other things that occasionally wander the
Deep Umbra itself

** Travel Spirit
The mage now leans to enter the Umbra. The act of
entering the Umbra is commonly called "stepping sideways"
and involves crossing a barrier called the Gauntlet, which
separatesthe spirit world from physical reality. When the mage
uses his knowledge to step sideways, he transforms his body
into the stuff of spirit rather than the stuff of physical reality
The end resultisthat the mage's boy disappear from physical
reality and enters the spirit world.
The Disciple can travel anywhere within Gaia's Re

toaccess other Realms. The true barrier
rit is the Horizon, which separates Gaia's
Near Umbra from the Deep Umbra

abricate Spirit/ Control
Gauntlet

‘The Adept of Spirit can fabricate fields of spirit reality
This allows the mage to create spirit fields within items,
making those items capable of housing spirit entities. Such
items are called fetishes and they derive special powers from
thespirits inside them, much like Talismans draw the
from the Quintessence stored within them. Only a few Tradl
tions, such as the Dreamspeakers and Verbena, teach theit
initiates the methods of creating fetishes. It is rumored that
these mages actually leamed the craft from the Garou.

The Adeptcan also
Domains within theNe
but through such effec:

powers

it field effect to create new

at Umbra. This requires arduous effort,
‘Chantries are able to establish theit

tion of

own pockets of reality within the Near Umbra. C
Domains requires copious amo

ntsof Quintessence,
me Spheres, and many other
ingredients, but it is the spirit field around them that allows
them to encapsulate a reality distinct from that of the sur-
rounding Umbra.

Another effect leamed at the Adept rank isthe ability to
manipulate the integrity of the Gauntlet. This powerful ability
allows mages to trap spirits within the physical world — or to
breach the Gauntlet and pro-
vide free access between the
Umbra and the physical world,
allowing anyon

-ven the un-

enlightened, to cross the
boundary
rien Ri eS sat


way)

Area Successes Needed
Node

Deep Wilderness
Rural Countryside
Most Urban Areas

OE

Downtown

eevee Outward Journeys

The mage can now break from the bounds of Gaia's orbit.
She no longer must rely on the tenuous connections within
Domains to travel to the Outer Realms. The mage is able to
traverse the Deep Umbra, surviving its lifeless ether for short
periods, while she speeds through it toward her chosen desti-
nation. Masters of Spirit are said to spend years at a time on
their outward journeys, charting the Tellurian and studying
the denizens of other Realms.

Spirit
Effects

¢ Spirit Sight —The mage
can shift his sight into the spirit
world. He will become oblivi-
oustothe physical worldaround
him, seeing only its spiritual
form. The number of successes

WY

/

\
RNY

\

y

J

ti

=
Ss

needed on the effect roll depends on the strength of the
Gauntlet where the magick is being performed.

The strength of the Gauntlet in any one location depends
on the subtle variations in the firmness of static reality at that
spot. More populated areas, or areas with greater amounts of
technology, create areas with stronger Gauntlets. See the
information on the Gauntlet in Chapter Eight for more details.

© Call Spirit — While in the Umbra, the mage can call
any spirit she knows by name in the hope that it will hear and
come to her. Powerful spirits such as Lords and Preceptors
rarely respond, but may send lesser spirits to the mage as

messengers. The Storyteller must decide the number of suc-
cesses required to attract the spirit's attention, depending on
the power of the spiritand its previous relations with the mage.
There are no guarantees of the spirit's behavior once it arrives.

A mage in physical reality can call to spirits if the mage
first shifts his perceptions into the Umbra through Spirit Sight.
Spirits that respond may manifest into the physical world if

they are able.

© © Stepping Sideways — The mage can force his way
through the Gauntlet and enter the spirit world of the Near
Umbra. While in the Umbra, the mage can walk, run, talk, use
magick, etc. as if she were in physical reality with few differ-
ences. When the mage repeats the Stepping Sideways effect
to re-enter physical reality, he appears in the location corre-
sponding to his final position in the spirit world.

sses needed for this effect dependson
the strength of the Gauntlet in the area where the mage is

Prat a


attempting the shift (see the table under Spirit Sight). If the
mage botches the magickal effect roll to step sideways, he
becomes stuck in the Gauntlet, transfixed between the spirit
and the physical worlds. The mage will be unable to move;
even Correspondence magick will not help him. It isnecessary
for someone knowledgeable in Spirit, or an entity of the spirit
world, to pull the mage out of the trap. To free the trapped
mage, the would-be rescuer must successfully perform a Step-
ping Sideways magickal effect, or Breach the Gauntlet where
the mage is imprisoned.

eeee Breach the Gauntlet — This effect allows the
mage to rupture the local Gauntlet completely, creating a
window in the fabric of reality between the spirit and the
physical worlds. This allows anyone, including Sleepers, free
passage into or out of the Umbra. The effect is convenient
when mages of various specialties have gathered to pool their
strengths, and must all enter the spirit world.

The mage does not have any control over what passes
through the breach once it is opened, though she may close it
at any time. Some spirit entities are quickly attracted to
breaches in the Gauntlet, and are not inclined to beg the
mage's permission to use the opened portal.

Each success rolled for this effect lowers the number
needed to step sideways into the Gauntlet (see table under
Spirit Sight) by one. If the mage reduces the Gauntlet diffi-
culty to zero, she has fully breached the barrier.

¢ ¢¢@ Psychic Sterilization — The Sons of Ether prefer
tightly controlled environments for conducting their para-
digm experiments. To block outpotential spiritual interference,
the mages often reinforce the Gauntlet in the areas around
their laboratories. By strengthening the Gauntlet, a mage can
protect herself from intrusion or spiritual scrying. Each success
rolled for this effect raises the number of successes needed to
pierce the local Gauntlet by one (again, per the chart under
Spirit Sight).

The Order of Hermes uses a similar effect to trap spirits in
the physical world once they have manifested. If the mage,can
sufficiently strengthen the Gauntlet, the spirit will be unable
toreturn to its home reality. Of course, the mage will still have
to imprison the spirit's manifested form if he desires to hold it
captive.

© Gauntlet Prison — Mages have better methods of
trapping spirits than simply hardening the Gauntlet and
trapping them in the physical world. By radically fluctuating
the strength of the Gauntlet while a being is stepping sideways,
the mage is able to trap the being in the Gauntlet, just as if the
being had botched its roll to step sideways. Daring mages will
attempt to bind powerful spirits in this mannerand then extort
servicesfrom them. Ancienttalesrecount that certain Chantries
used to ensnare Preceptor-level spirits in these Gauntlet
prisons.

To trap a spirit traveler successfully, the mage must score
more successes on the magickal effect roll than the victim
scores on its effect roll to step sideways.

Victims imprisoned in the Gauntlet appear as ephemeral,
ghostlike specters when viewed from physical reality or from
the spirit world. Once a victim is trapped, the mage often
reinforces the Gauntlet in the area (see Psychic Sterilization,
above), thus preventing allies of the victim from successfully
freeing the captive.

Treacherous mages have also been known to breach a
Gauntlet, invite others to walk through, and collapse the
Gauntlet into a prison while their victims journey.

eee Create Fetish — The Spirit Adept can fashion
items that serve as receptacles for the essences of spirits.
Virtually all fetishes are created through the cooperation of
spirits, but some mages have been known to use their Spirit
magick to imprison spirits into fetishes. Such objects are far
more tricky to use, but they are often more powerful because
of the potency of the spirit trapped inside. Rules for fetishes will
be supplied in future Mage products.

¢ eee Break the Dreamshell — The Dreamshell is the
Dreamspeaker term for the Horizon. In order for a mage to
enterthe Deep Umbra, she must break through the Dreamshell,
just as she must break through the Gauntlet when stepping
sideways.

At least five successes must be scored to pierce Gaia's
Dreamshell. Other Realms might have weaker or stronger
Dreamshells. If the mage uses an Anchorhead, a special
Domain set amid the Dreamshell, the passage through the
Dreamshell becomes easier and requires only three successes.

eeeee Deep Umbra Travel — To survive the utterly
barren spiritual environment of the Deep Umbra, the mage
must wrap himself in a field of spirit. This field is identical to
those the mage learned to create as an Adept of Spirit. This
field of spiritual essence creates a sort of bubble around the
mage to protect him from the ravages of the Deep Umbral
environment. The mage must reach and enter another Near
Umbra before the duration rolled for the field elapses, orhe will
die a cold death in the Deep Umbra.

The mage is able to fly through the Umbra at amazing
speeds using only his will. Still, the distances in the Deep
Umbraare almost inconceivable. Close Realmssuchas Arcadia
(the moon) take but a day to reach, while distant Realms such
as Mars can only be reached after several days of travel.

Travel into the Deep Umbra is a highly dangerous affair,
but many mages feel a manifest destiny to explore it and chart
the Tellurian. Their sojourns into the Deep Umbra are much
like those of the ancient Pacific Islanders who set sail into the
Pacific Ocean to find a new island before they ran out of food.
Sometimes the traveler turns
back halfway in order to return
safely on his depleted rations;
sometimes he risks everything
and crosses the point of no re-
turn.

"When do we start your study?" you are asking me. We
are startingnow. We are finishingnow. Youare Disciple, Adept
and Master now.

You are understanding that Chronos is not really as he is
appearingin the minds of humanity. They are followingChronos
down the straight path that he is desiring. They are not experi-

encing the then, only the now. They are not seeing the will, only
the has. We are outside that narrow path; we are enlightened.

We are existing in the Now. There are no beginnings or
endings; our Now is spreading all of time before us as a tapestry.
In the Now, you are studying with me. In the Now, you are
Disciple, Adept and Master — all three.

frustrated humanity. Just as humanity had fi-
nally begun to accept time as another defined
parameter in the organized paradigm of
Newtonian physics, Einstein came along and
theorized that time was not constant but in-
stead relative to each observer. Since then it
has become ever more popular to ponder the
possibilities of time travel and theory. Does
time pass in quantum segments, like a very high-speed film? Is
humanity's perception of time as a one-way linear phenom-
enon (a train moving from past to future) correct?

Mages who pursue the Sphere of Time gain understand-
ing of time's true secrets. Different Traditions pursue the study
by their own unique means, but gradually they develop a keen
awareness of time, which allows them to exert their will over
it.

When trying to sense through time, the number of
successes scored on the magickal effect roll determines how far
into the past a Time mage can perceive. Durations for other
Time effects are determined normally.

Masters of Time are often surrounded by small effects of
time dilation or acceleration. For example, male mages may
grow full beards in one day, cups of coffee quickly cool off
around them, taxi meters click slower than normal, etc.
Masters also tend to speak using only one verb tense: past,
present or future.

¢ Time Sense

The mage begins to develop a rudimentary awareness of
Time's true nature. The mage develops a precise internal
clock, which is essential when performing more complex Time
magick.

In addition, the mage becomes aware of certain time-
based phenomena that
periodically shift through real-
ity. The mage can intuitively
sense the approach of such dis-
turbances and can "feel" where
LA in dimensional space the phe-
nomena will appear.

e Time Sense

ee Past / Future Sight

eee Time Contraction / Dilation
Time Determinism

eeeee Future Travel/Time Immunity

¢* Past / Future Sight

The mage can now shift her perceptions forward or back
in time. Postcognition tends to require more successes to
perform, but its results are certain. Precognition is less difficult
to enact, but its results tend to be uncertain, especially the
farther into the future and/or the more specific the event the
mage attempts to foresee. Mages who frequently use this power
tend toexperiencespontaneousflashes of pre- or postcognition.
These flashes range from feelings of deja vu to vivid, dreamlike
trances foretelling danger.

eee Time Contraction / Dilation

Now the mage begins to gain true control over time. She
can exert her will over the passage of time, causing it to
accelerate or slow as she desires. Mages often describe these
effects as "contracting" or "dilating" time, referring to the
length ofeach moment in time. Thus, contracting time around
a waterfall makes it appear to flow more slowly to an outside
observer; near the waterfall, each moment does not last as long
and less water flows. Conversely, by dilating each moment
around the waterfall, more water flows during each segment of
time. While the observer perceives these moments to pass
normally, he will see more water flow during each moment.

eeee Time Determinism

The mage is now able to cause absolute shifts in time
rather than simply adjusting the rate at which time passes. The
mage can take a field of space-time and, metaphorically

Successes Timespan
One Immediate (generally a year)
Two Recent (a decade)
Three Lifetime
Four 10 generations
Five Past millennia
rt 5 arte

speaking, freeze it in the flow of time. The net effect in physical
reality is that the mage can freeze events fora set period of time.

This is a powerful effect when used in conjunction with
other magicks, as the mage can choose the moment in time
when a magickal effect becomes operative, effectively storing
magick to become effective later. Some long-dead Masters of
Time have left the worlda legacy of magickal effects that occur
even after the mages' death. Such "hanging" spells are a type
of time-based phenomenon that mages with Time Sense
(Rank One) can intuitively detect.

eeeee Future Travel/ Time Immunity

At Master-level knowledge, the mage can do more than
determine the timing of events; he can shift objects through
time. The mage actually plucks a field of space-time com-
pletely out of the flow of time, and repositions the field atsome
other point along the flow of time. The new position could be
seconds or centuries away from the field's original place in
time.

Such time travel is limited to future travel only; mages
(other than, perhaps, the Oracles of Time) have not discov-
ered a methodology to travel into the past without being torn
apart by forces of Paradox. Ifthe Oracles have founda way, they
aren't sharing it.

Equally powerful is the ability of Masters to immunize
themselves from time. Figuratively speaking, the Master sim-
ply steps laterally out of the current flow of time. The Master

can maintain his immunity only so long, but during his "time"
outside of time, he perceives the world as a statuesque collec-
tion of still images that he may manipulate as he pleases.

Time Effects

© Time Sense— As described above, mages of Time have
identified phenomena that exist in a special "sub-realm" of
space-time. These phenomena periodically sweep through
physical reality, materializing somewhere on earth for a set
period of time and then vanishing again. Some mages theorize
that these phenomenaare similar to Halley's Comet, sweeping
through the Tellurian and passing earth's reality every sooften.

These time-phased phenomena cannot be seen by Sleep-
ers; the unenlightened simply ignore them. Only mages who
have studied the Sphere of Time can perceive the physical
appearances of these phenomena. Mages can intuitively sense
time-phased phenomena. Larger phenomena send ripples as
they approach the mage's own timeline, and ifthe mage is close
to where a given phenomenon
will appear (or has appeared?),
she will discern these ripples
and thus sense where in space
thephenomenonwillcross (has
crossed?) intoherown timeline.
She can then seek it out if she ec
desires. Some phenomena are

so powerful that their foreshadowing ripples can be felt by
mages across the globe.

Mages have identified hundreds of these time-based
phenomena, from powerful Preceptors who appear every 12
years in the Andes Mountains, to the spectral Tower of Babel
whose cycle has yet to be determined, to ghosts that wander
down certain roads every night looking for the drivers who
didn't give them a ride when they lived...

¢ Internal Clock — Virtual Adepts cultivate amazingly
accurate internal clocks in order to time events in virtual
reality and test the processing speeds of their computers. The
mage becomes a human stopwatch; he always knows the
current time and can time events to fractions ofa second. This
internal clock runsaccording to the mage's perception of time.
He can adjust it for temporal effects that he causes; however,
visiting some spirit Realms where time operates differently, or
being the victim of various time-based effects, can cause the
mage to become disoriented.

© Postcognition — The mage can extend her percep-
tions backward in time towitness whathas previously transpired
in the mage's current location. While the mage "rewinds" time
in the location, she sees in her mind's eye what transpired
there. The Storyteller must relate to the player what the
character sees.

The mage can shift the exact moment she currently
watches. For example, she might begin by viewing the events
of one day ago, then shift to one hour ago, then 10 years ago,
etc. Her total viewing time cannot exceed that rolled for the
effect.

*© Songs of Future Days — This is a precognitive
magickal effect developed by the Celestial Chorus. The mage
begins singing as the focus for the magick, and lets his mind
wander down the pathways of future time. The words of his
song begin to take on a will of their own, describing in epic
format the events that may come to pass in future days.

Unlike postcognitive effects, which concentrate on a
location, precognitive effects such as this can be centered on

almost anything: a location, a person, an organization, etc.

The farther the mage delves into the future with precognitive
magick, the more disjointed, sketchy and unreliable the infor-
mation gleaned.

Ultimately, the Storyteller must decide whata character's
precognitive vision includes, based at least partially on the
number of successes rolled for the effect. The player is free to
suggest input, especially in the form of predicting hercharacter's
future actions.

ee Accelerate Time —
Bydilatingthe momentsoftime,
the mage can create fields of
space-time where things seem
tomovefaster, likeafilmplayed
at high speed. Each success
scored over two speeds up time
by a factor of one — three suc-
cesses double speed, four


successes triple speed, and so on. Persons under the effects of
time acceleration receive an extra action each tum for every
factor of speed.

#96 Slow Time — This effect is the opposite of Accel-
erate Time. Each success scored above two slows time by a
factor of one. For example, a person operating under a time-
dilation effect evoked by a mage who scored three successes
would receive one action every second tum,

96 Programmed Event — The mage stops time in a
localized field, and sets a time when it shall resume. For
‘example, the mage lifts @ cup from the table and drops it. By
freezingtime around the cup for one scene, the mage causes the
cup to hang in midair until the scene ends. Ac that time, the
‘cup will fall and break. As with Accelerate Time, the field of
stopped time cannot exceed the general space of a small room.
Furthermore, when events in physical reality are frozen for
extended periods, Paradox forces usually erode the magickal
effect and prematurely free the events from stopped time.
Similarly, in the cup and table example, someone intervenes
and snatches the cup while it hangs in midair, static reality
would reassert itself over the cup and the magickal field would
dissipate.

Time Travel — The mage disappears fro
present reality and reappears in the same location at a future
timeofhischoosing. The farther the mage wishes co travel, the
more successes are required: one success meanshe jumps ahead

to the next tum while four successes take him completely out
of the story

‘The mage's arrival in the furure will be felt through Time
Sense by the mages of that time. The longer the time jump the
mage makes, the greater the time-phased phenomenon he
becomes to those sensing his arrival. The mage may reappear
to find several of his peers waiting for him, investigating the
time phenomenon he caused by his time jump.

No mage has successfully traveled into the past. Paradox
inevitably destroys the mage attempting such a tip.

#00 Sidestep Time —In some senses thiseffectisthe
‘opposite of Programmed Event. The mage no longer det
mines time forotherevents; rather, she shiftsherselfcompletely
outof time. The world sud the

ly halts all around the ma
isstll ree tomoveandactamong the frozen eventsaroundher,
pushing or rearranging objects and people. Certain effects,
however, are limited. She can turn a television to another
channel, but the frozen image on the screen will not change,
nor will cars operate, nor will powered machinery work. The
mage can extend her temporal immunity to encompass other
objects and people, bur this limits the length ofher stay outof-

Each success scored allows the mage to remain in a
timeless state for a longer duration. One success allows the
mage to sidestep time for one tum; five successes make it
permanent

A horizon of the invisible cus across the geography of modem

culture. Those who have passed through it cannot put thetr experience
into familiar words and images because the languages they have inherited
are inadequate to the new words they habit. They therefore express
themselves in metaphors, paradoxes, contradictions, and abstractions
rather than languages that ‘mean' in the traditional way—in assertions
that are incoherent or collages using fragments of the old wo create

enigmatic symbols of the new.

—OB. Hardison, Jr, Disappearing through the Skylight

Rotesare magickal effectsthathave been docu-
mented by mages for centuries. Rotes are often
used to provide apprentices and Sleepers with
examples of what is possible with magick. They
are descriptions of how magickal knowledge
can be applied effectively and efficiently
£') Mose mages of the Traditions forget the rotes
theirMentorsteach themonce theyhave gradu-
ated toahigherlevelofenlightenment. Among
apprentices, though, rotes serve as a vocabulary of sorts — a
way of referring to what has been accomplished in order to
describe what can be achieved. Some tomes penned by mages
hhave new rotes described within them, to provide concrete
‘examples of how the knowledge presented can be applied.
The Techno

infamous for their systematic
rotes, which they call "spells." Technomancer apprentices are
required to lear and employ these rotes; as a result the
Technocracy works uniformly and has tighter control of its
‘operations. On the other hand, Technomancers become $0
tied to their rotes that they find it difficult to create unique
magickal effectsoftheirown. Infact, itisrare or Technomancers
to use any effects other than their "spells

Each Tradition has rotes of its own culled from its own
legends and mythologies. Therefore, a rote has the mark of its
parent Tradition. It's quite simple, however, to convert rotes
from Tradition to Tradition; the fundamentals always remain
the same. Therefore, when a Mentor teaches a Sphere to his
apprentice he often uses otes from the legendsof the Tradition
most associated with the Sphere (e.g, Euthanatos. when
Entropy is taught).

The following list of rotes is divided by Sphere. Game
mechanics forthe effects are presented, allowing new players
‘of Mage to leam what is possible through magick. This is
especially necessary for conjunctional magick, the combina-
tion oftwoormore Spheres ocreatean effect. Gamemechanic

information generally comes atthe end ofthe rote description
and is separated by brackets, or "[]"

Correspondence
Rotes

If it's power you wane, get a computer. Information isthe
utmate power. Hand me those Fritos and I'll sow you. You can
never know too much.

—Dante, Virtual Adept

FOR NEXT Loop (###¢ Correspondence,
** Forces)

Fin used only a few years ago, this rote has become
instantly famous among the Traditions. The acceptance ac-
corded the Virtual Adepts by the older Traditions was due in
nosmall parttothis creative use of Correspondence. The FOR
NEXT Loop was used to break a Void Engineer's will until he
divulged the information the Adepts sought.

The effect began when the Void Engineer was converted
into enengy and injected into a computer's CPU. From there,
the energy-form Technomancer was sent to a powerful main
frame hundreds f miles away that had the memory capacity to
hold so much information. When the mage was finally con-
verted back into his mortal form he was a babbling idio ready
to comply with any demand,

[After being converted into energy, the victim has one
chance to escape through a "back door" in the program before
he'stransmictedto the mainframe. The victim rolls Willpower
(difficulty (10 minus Intelligence)). After the victim is safely
{nthe mainframe, the Adept makes a magickal effect roll each
round. Each success causes the victim to lose one point of
‘Willpower. A failure means the victim has another chance to
escape. A botch means the victim reverts to his original form
snd postion]

* Life,

Correspondence,

The perfect infiltration tool, this rote teaches Virtual
Adepts how to reduce their mass and size dramatically. The
originator of the rote, an unnamed Adept, is said to have
shrunk tothe atomic evel. fthisistue,thenawholenewarea
of reality lies open to investigation.

A Correspondence Master named Elma Hartley claims to
have reproduced this effect. She purports to have found entire
subatomic worlds (which she dubbed Horton Realms), and
claims that they are distinct from the spiritual Realms visited
in the Umbra. Mages of other Traditions speculate whether
Elma would know the Umbra froma dark alleyway, and dismiss
her claims.

[The Master's size and mass decrease by 15 percent for
each success scored. There is virtually no limit to the size-
reduction capacity of this effect, for these percentages are
additive, and as 15 percent times seven exceeds 100 percent,
seven successes allow the mage to shrink to any size she desires.
The Master may shrink his belongings with him if he also has
the appropriate knowledge of Matter.)

Play Back (* ¢ Correspondence, ** Time)

The well-known Virtual Adept named Dante had the
task of recovering data from computer data storage devices that
had been deleted and then overwritten with garbled data by
the Technocracy. As ifthis wasn't problem enough, Dante was
no longer at the site where the data was stored, so he had to
work from a distance. Fortunately, he was able to apply his
knowledge of Time tothe problem, and performed postcognitive
data retrieval that allowed him to read the storage media as
they had been hours earlier.

[This rote also requires the Computer Knowledge, but as
long as the character could normally retrieve information via
modem, no additional difficulty is incurred.]

Semi Auto CAD CAM (¢¢¢¢e Correspondence, © ¢
Matter)

Perfected by one of the first Virtual Adepts, the infamous
Farrus, in the days before Babbage, this rote allows the Adept
to combine two guns and intermingle the properties of both.
Itis one of the few rotes that is often used by mages. A computer
scans the two images and constructs the new weapon. This
effect creates such things as a revolver that fires like a Mac 10
orasubmachine gun that fires shells. The new weapon usually
resembles both of the old guns in style, unless the Adept
designs it differently.

Adepts have utilized this same concept for any number of
what they call "fusings." Very powerful computer chips have
been created by combining the most useful qualities of differ-
ent materials, and extremely protective armor has been woven
by creating coats that feel and weigh like silk but protect like
kevlar.

[Each magickal effect success allows the player to ex-
change one of the statistics of the two weapons combined
(Difficulty, Damage, Range, Rate, Clip, Conceal).]


WP SMENECE BET TTSALE TTT) |
rat ate arent

Entropy Rotes

There are no heroes or villains in this war. If meat gets in my
way, I reshape it. Terrible, isn't it, when someone gets hit crossing
the street.

— Zharvic, Euthanatos

Curse of the Mayfly (*¢¢¢ Entropy, **¢ Life)

The Euthanatos rote Curse of the Mayfly is a hotly
debated topic among the Traditions, though little about the
Euthanatos is not debated. Aside from the sinister ethical
problems the rote raises, concem is often voiced over using the
rote as a teaching aid because of the vulgarity of its effects.
Chiefly developed by the mage Vareness during the Black
Plague (when the effect did not draw undue notice), this rote
allows the mage to alter the Pattern of Life in such a way that
entropy is diverted toward it. The immediate result is a
dramatic increase in the aging process. The target literally
withers away, eventually to death.

[Each success on the effect roll ages the subject three
years.]

Delion's Haze (¢ Entropy, ¢** Time)

A now-dead Euthanatos teacher named Delion fell into
disrepute when it was discovered that what he passed off as
enlightenment to his students was really just a magickal effect.
By applying entropy randomly to a student's sense of time,
Delion was able to create an effect that his students assumed
was their own progress in temporal intuition. The end result

was actually an increasing inability to think clearly. The effect
has since been reproduced in a quicker variant.
[Concentration is so hard that a victim under the effect of
the Haze may not roll more dice for any action (including
magick) than he has points of Willpower.]
Magdeline's Dynamic Mind (¢¢ Entropy, *

Mind)

The sad case of Magdeline is well known among mages,
especially the Euthanatos (who are too stubborn to admit that
her experiment was a failure). Though she has survived the
intervening years through the magick of other mages, Magdeline
corrupted her own mind a century ago. She postulated that if
dynamism is what all mages seek, then an appropriate step in
that direction would be to become forever random in thought
and desire. She applied entropic processes to her mind to alter
the way it worked. The insights she expected never came.
Instead, her attention shifted constantly and her thoughts
became incoherent. One moment she wanted to begin a new
experiment; the next she wanted a relaxing walk around the
lake.

[If the magickal effect roll is successful, the victim will
suffer as described above.]

Shango's Grave (* © Entropy, ¢¢ ®*¢ Forces, © Mat-
ter, ©® Prime)

Controlling the patterns of weather, even in a localized
area, is an incredibly demanding feat of magick, but the mage
Shango has mastered it. Shango determined how to create and
destroy massive formations of moisture in the atmosphere,

bi ort
pe ete ta =


2 ie esa =)

manipulate thermal energy, and control the thousands of
random factors that produce weather. Shango put his mighty
rmagicks toa use belittled by many from other Traditions. He
summoned storms to drench the sites of recent battles so that
the mud and muck made it impossible to remove the bodies.
Shango's apprentices would then retrieve the bodies for ex-
perimentation. Soldiers who insisted on trying to remove
bodies were it by lightning that coincidentally struck in the
same place twice.

[The magickal effect roll indicates how large the storm is
and how quickly it can be summoned}

Forces Rotes

See these piles of books around me! You might hold them or
smell them, even rifle chrough the pages, but omly I, the magus, can
bathe in their illemination.

—Caeron, Onder of Hermes

Ball of Abysmal Flame (

The Order of Hermes has no idea who created this rote,
but it (along with similar effects) has been a mainstay of the
more temperamental among the Order for centuries. The
version that is typically taught to Adepts seeking Master status
wasdevelopedby the mage Claudius, who reportedly produced
this effect by weaving a Patter for kinetic energy and feeding
it with Quintessence siphoned through the etheric tapestry
‘The resulting energy is channeled into a targeted object. The
Kinetic energy consumes the target, agitating its molecules and
causing its temperature to skyrocket. Pockers of surrounding.
air explode in blasts of superheated gases, and solids di
grate into a gaseous state.

[Damage to vierims caught in such camage is plain
ridiculous. Victims suffer four Health Levels of damage for
cach success rolled. Successes on a dodge attempt reduce the
damage from the pyrokinetic explosion, and the victims can
try to soak the damage, but it's probably a moot point. Es
victims who survive will suffer horribly from painful, blistering
third-degree bums. Note that this effect creates a fire using
kinetic energy to produce a huge temperature increase. Flames
can also be created via chemical reactions (creating nuclear
energy)

Pulse of the Electro-Stream (#*

rote of fairly recent origin, the Pulse was created by the
mage Jason Hemingway for use against the Virtual Adepes.
Jason once took out an entire BBS by creating raw electrical
‘energy and directing it through the ground at the NetNode.
He prepared in advance, as his Solomon's seal required charg-
ing while he stood in a ceremonial circle intoning the ritual
words, To create the Pulse, Jason threw the seal to the ground

‘The Pulse has actually become popularamongthe younger
and more violent members of the Order, who have taken to
changing several seals at once and carrying them around like
grenades to use against the Technomancers. Virtual Adepts
dislike seeing the rote being taught and still do not appreciate
{es use even though it is no longer directed against them.

Forces, ## Prime)

[Victims struck by the attack suffer two Health Levels of
damage per success on the effect roll. The target gets asoak roll
asnormal, but living beings will also suffer from the stunning
effects of Discharge Static. The Storyteller may choose to
adjust the damage according to how well grounded the target
is. Forexample, a victim standing on concrete in rubber-soled
boots would take reduced damage, while someone standing
barefoot in a mud puddle would really get fried]

Unseen Arm (#*** Forces, #* Prime)

By touching her seal to an object while speaking the
correct formula, the famous albino mage Clarissa Donley
found she could propel the object away from herself at high
speed. In one of the most harrowing escapes from
Technomancers ever documented, Clarissa employed a num-
berofbrilliant applications of this rote. She sent pennies flying
from her hand with the speed of bullets. She was under the
influence of powerful mind-altering Technomancer magick
and was thus unable to use any other magickal effects, but
Clarissa flung people, cars, and even an airplane away from
herselfwith justatouch. She alsoused a similareffect coenable
herself to fly

By directly molding kinetic energy, the mage can in-
stantly give any object whatever velocity she wishes.

[The more successes rolled for the magickal effect, the
more kinetic energy the mage creates. If the mage chooses to
feed the energy intoamore massive object, the objectwill have
lower speed than a lighter one. Five successes impart enough
energy intoa penny tomake it fly likea bullet, whilea carmay
only go sliding across the pavement. It is generally assumed
that any object thrown by the Unseen Arm will inflict four
Health Levels of damage per success rolled. Tangets may soak
the damage as normal

The mage can control the object's direction of motion as,
Jong as itis within her sight. Fine manipulation and targeting
of an object require a Wits roll against a difficulty based upon
the speed of the object]

Veil of Invisibility (#* Force fe)

The Veil isa classic rote. Tomes in Ancestral Chantries
document the teaching ofthis roe in the Middle Ages, and an
colder, less polished version is known to have been used in the
time of Hammurabi. The Hermetic mage Alexander found
that by altering the interaction between his own Life Pattern
and the Patterns of light energy, he was able to make his own
Pattern "immune" to the Patterns of light. Thus, light did not
interact with his body. The effect is that light passes right
through the mage who employs this rote.

This spell shows how different Spheres can be used to
produce similar effects. There is also a Correspondence effect
that produces invisibility

[With one successes the mage appears blurry, or may still
be visible in parts. Three or more successes allow complete
invisibility]


It seems that every other philosophy feels a need to overpower
the body. They speak of lifting above or even ignoring one's carnal
and base desires. Why do that when that's obviously where your
power comes from?

— Ashton, Initiate of Verbena

Fluids of Death (¢¢¢ Life, ¢¢¢¢ Entropy)

An unknown mage, whose actions may well form the
basis of some fairy tales, created what is now called an Elixir of
Death by brewing a potion with a drop of her own blood in her
cauldron. The concoction was then poured on the roots of a
tree inaroyal orchard. As the fruit of this tree ripened, the flesh
of the fruit became tainted by the elixir. The juices of the fruit
caused the available energy in the royal bodies to "decompose"
into an unusable state. With nothing left to power them, the
muscles in the victims' bodies were unable to operate. In some
cases the victims' hearts failed or lungs stopped, killing them.

[The effect inflicts four Health Levels of damage to an
individual target for each success on the effect roll. In addition
tothe damage, the victim will suffer double the normal penalty
to difficulty numbers because of the fatigue.]

Flesh Toys (¢*¢ or ¢¢¢8 Life, © Prime)

Heiro, a mage who perpetually lived in a deep state of
Quiet, used this effect to create friends for himself. Noone can
say for certain why he did this or what he actually thought was
going on, but Heiro soon had an entire entourage of frogs,
insects, cats and dogs that kept him company in his turmoil.

Heiro created a Pattern for each lifeform and channeled
Quintessence into it, thus creating the creature. It is rumored
that certain Euthanatos copied this rote to create zombie-like
lifeforms with limited intelligence and virtually no will, and
thatsome Sons of Ether have created sentient lifeforms in their
European castle laboratories.

[More complex creatures require more successes, while
creating multiple creatures at once raises the difficulty. The
more successes rolled for the effect, the healthier the creatures
are, and the longer they will survive. Five successes guarantees
anormal lifespan for simple lifeforms. All lifeforms created are
assumed to have only base instinctual reactions.

If the mage attempts to create a totally new form of life,
one whose Pattern he has therefore never seen or studied, the
required number of successes will be higher. Imagined lifeforms
must be biologically viable to survive once created; for ex-
ample, an insect without a nervous system will quickly die.]

Imbue Flesh (¢¢ Life, ¢¢ Spirit)

The mage Heiro (see Flesh Toys, above) eventually
recovered from his extended Quiet and was shocked to find
himself surrounded by hordes of loyal animals. No longer
entertained with them, but unwilling to dispense with them,
he summoned a number of spirits from the Umbra and gave
them the physical forms they desired.

Heiro specifically sought out spirits that were both trust-
worthy and willing to serve in exchange for a physical form.

Some spirits required special favors from Heiro in exchange for
continued service, but Heiro was not going to let his old friend:
just decompose.

[This effect has since been recognized as the simplest way
for a mage to create a familiar. Different Traditions favor
different types of familiars. These combinations are the best
known: Verbena — black cats; Euthanatos — cockerels and
goats; Sons of Ether — golems; Akashic Brotherhood —
cranes, monkeys and praying mantises; and, though Virtual
Adepts usually bring spirits into their Net rather than into the
physical world, there are reports of young Adepts using mice as
familiars.

Uther's Butchered Visage (¢¢¢ Life, * Mind)

By cutting himself with a sacred knife, a crazed mage
named Uther literally carved himself into a new man. It was a
messy, bloody business, but no price is too high for safety from
the Technomancers. Uther survived a number of months
masquerading as a retainer of a Progenitor, and managed tc
leak valuable information before being discovered.

[A mage must have an opportunity to study the Pattern of
another living creature, eidetically memorize it, and then alter
his own appearance to resemble the memorized Pattern. Five
successes allow the mage to alter his body completely, making
it appear identical in every way to the lifeform he is copying.
Fewer successes result in some disguise defects, but even these
are minor discrepancies. The "butchering" causes no damage
to the mage (even in Uther's case).]

Matter Rotes

Newton was wrong! The apple need not fall. We now control
the future of physics. The Ether returns to "empty" space! The
planet hungers for our truth!

— Dr. Reinhald, Sons of Ether

The Incredible Shrunken Machine (
eee Forces, ¢® Prime)

Though the Technomancers are pioneering the science
of nanotechnology, the Sons of Ether are now using some of
their foes' theories to create their own miniature machines.
The leader in this field is an eccentric Etheric mage named Dr.
Nimbus. The Sons of Ether claim that Nimbus has thrice
refused membership among the Oracles in order to stay behind
and make sure the Sons win the race for nanotechnology.
They'll probably win — unless Nimbus begins to collect too
much Paradox.

Nanotechnology already works a little differently for the
Sons of Ether. The machine itself is actually constructed ona
large scale, and then shrunk through a different effect. Once
shrunk the machine will function normally. Such machines
can be used to mark items, build programmed structures,
produce radiation, or break down certain compounds. They
can be designed for a specific mission and equipped to carry it
out (e.g. repair a faulty heart valve in a human).

[Each success determines how long the machine will
function.]

Matter,

Spontaneous Material Construction (¢* Matter, *°
rime)

A classic Sons of Ether rote, Spontaneous Material
Donstruction allows a mage to conjure physical objects from
hinair. An artist named Loralai developed this effect tocreate
:omplex forms not easily duplicated by physical labor. She
steated "carvings" of exquisite detail, taking hundreds of days
ust to develop the pattern. The rote is used to demonstrate
xow such complicated material may be created, in order to
srove how easy it is to create simple objects like a crowbar or
sven oxygen.

After Loralai increased her knowledge of Matter (to Rank
Sour) she was able to create even more complex items, such as
carvings formed from several materials.

[The more successes rolled for this effect, the greater the
amount of material the mage can create: two successes = one
cilogram, three successes = five kilograms, four successes = 10
<ilograms, five successes = 50 kilograms, and so on.]

Talisman Transmogrification (© ¢ Matter, ¢¢ * Prime)

Talismans are imbued with free Quintessence, and thus
their physical structures are "locked" into reality, rendering
them impossible to transform with Pattern magick. However,
Loralai, a mage knowledgeable in both the Matter and Prime
Spheres, learned to reshape the form of any Talisman, altering
its appearance or physical properties as she could any other
object.

[The mage must achieve a number of successes on the
magickal effect roll equal to the Talisman's rating to alter the
Talisman successfully.]

Transephemeration Ray Projector (¢¢® Matter, #°¢
Life)

Aswith many rotes of the Sons of Ether, the details of the
Projector (allegedly developed by the infamous Dr. Franken-
stein) are most often written on sheets and sheets of wiring
diagrams, as paper is relatively Technomancer-free. The typi-
cal Projector shoots two beams of light. One targets a person;
the other an object. The machine alters the mage's life Pattern
and that of the inanimate object, thereby disassociating the
two Patterns. The mage's body and the selected object will no
longer interact; they are immaterial to one another. A wooden
baseball bat, or any other wooden object if wood is struck by the
other beam, will swing right through the mage as if he were a
ghost. The mage can step through walls or reach into water
without getting wet.

Itisrumored that only the magick of this machine allowed
Frankenstein to survive the attacks of his first monster and the
burning of his castle.

[The more successes scored on the effect roll, the greater
the mass of material from which the mage can disassociate.
Mages of Rank Four in Matter can use a similar effect to
disassociate from objects made of several kinds of matter, like
acar made of metals, plastic and glass.]


I wouldn't call it defacement. His body simply could not adjust
to the challenge of my integrating the Way of this knife with the Do
of his being

— Kwang Lee, Akashic Brotherhood

The Blissful Discipline (¢*¢ * Mind,
© Prime)

A heroic Akashic Brother named Kim Lee did her bio-
logical brother Kwang and the entire Brotherhood proud
when she captured and held a number of Technomancers
prisoner for several hours until her brother arrived to assist her.
Kim invaded the minds of the Technomancers and associated
a Pattern of electrical energy to the subjects' thoughts. There-
after, whenever the Technomancers thought about a certain
action (in this case, leaving the room or attacking Kim), the
energy Pattern was released and the subject was shocked.

[The shocking effect is identical to Discharge Static (see
Rank Two Forces effects). To succeed in this effect, the mage
must successfully overpower the subject's faculties ina manner
similar to Mind Control. The successes on the effect roll
determine both the damage from the shock and the length of
time electrical Pattern will activate to shock the victim before
it fades out]

Sense the Echo of the Dragon (**¢ Mind, ¢* Time)

The famous Do instructor Ho Kazaoke taught his best
students this technique. By relaxing prior to a fight and
meditating on the style of the opponent, a student learned to
predict the maneuvers the opponent would make only seconds
later.

[The number of successes on the magickal effect roll
determines both the detail of the prediction and the length of
time it covers. The mage should realize that precognitive
abilities are never certain, and the subject could choose
different maneuvers from those the mage predicted. In per-
sonal combat, the mage can add dice equal to the successes
gained on the magickal effect roll to any Dodge Dice Pool.]

Serene Temple (¢ Mind, ¢ Life)

Thisisa very simple lesson that often marks the beginning
of training forthe Awakened students of Ho Kazaoke. Through
this rote, Hoshows howa mage can change the speed at which
her body operates. Some uses of this effect are: accelerate the
liverand kidney's removal of toxins, speed the natural healing
process, control bleeding when badly injured, and endure
extremes of temperature.

[The magick accelerates or decelerates the body's func-
tions by an extra factor for each success gained on the magick
effect roll. For example, a player rolls three successes and has
his character slow down her cardiovascular system by a factor

of four so she can survive four times as long trapped in an
airtight safe.)

Forces,

dei 5 ie aso

Prime Rotes

Step into the loving light of the sun—the source of Alll. Let your
concems melt away and your fears be bumtaway. You have always
been part of Prime, so never fear that you have wandered too far;
just remember that you must come back.

— Sister Evara Immanuel, Celestial Chorus

Hymn of Beatific Harmony (¢*¢ Prime, ¢¢ © © Corre-
spondence)

When they discovered that Ezekiel had been captured by
the Technomancers and was awaiting the monstrous pleasure
of the New World Order, an entire congregation of Celestials
gathered and joined in song. They acted in concert and
channeled Ezekiel the Quintessence he needed to stage an
escape.

[A maximum of one point of Quintessence may be sent to
any location on Earth for each success rolled.]

Mark of the Beast (
* Life)

Relatively early in his career as a paladin, the mage
Gregory was intent on destroying all vampires. This only
ended when he discovered that notall vampires were creatures
of complete evil, and some even sought redemption. Before
then, though, he would track the creatures to their lairs by
marking the Quintessence within the blood of certain hu-
mans. After a vampire drank the "tagged" blood, Gregory
could stalk the beast as it slept during the day.

[The number of successes on the effect roll determines
how long the Quintessence is traceable.]

Radiate Prime's Energy (¢¢¢ Prime, ¢ * Entropy)

Gregory the Hallowed, one of the greatest paladins of the
Celestial Chorus, used this effect skillfully on a number of
occasions. The most famous incident involved his conflict
with aconstruction of Iteration X that operated from a storage
of Quintessence. The heat of a single candle allowed Gregory
to force the life-giving Quintessence from the construct's
body.

[For each success on the effect roll, the mage can force one
point of Quintessence from a victim.]

Spirit Pilgrimage (¢¢¢* Prime, ¢*¢ Life)

By stopping the flow of Quintessence into a portion of her
Pattern, the mage Sarah Burnstone was able to become
incorporeal amid the heart of a Paradox Storm that destroyed
a Marauder. While in the storm, Sarah found that without
some degree of solidity, she could not move, so teachers of the
rote sometimes suggest that students leave select parts of their
bodies incorporeal—for example, leaving their legssomewhat
solid so that they can walk.

[The more successes of the effect roll, the greater the body
mass the mage can tum intangible. Three successes would
render an entire human body incorporeal.

* Prime, ¢ © ¢ Correspondence,

Torey ere

Spirit Rotes

Lock the door. Shut the windows. Hide in the cellar. Run all
you want, but youcan'tkeep me out of your dreams. Youcan' t stay
awake forever.

— Specter, Dreamspeaker

Dream Locus (¢¢ Spirit, ** ® Matter)

A problem frequently faced by Dreamspeakers, or other
mages interested in moving into the Umbra under their own
power, is the inability to take additional matter with them
(except fora Dreamspeaker unique feather, which isso attuned
to the mage and his understanding of Spirit that it travels with
him without additional complications). A Dreamspeaker
named Gerry Halfmoon developed this rote toenable justsuch
an effect.

[The mage must defeat the Gauntlet in a separate roll for
his belongings.]

Drums of Elemental Fire (¢ ¢ Spirit, ¢ * Forces, ¢ * Matter)

The Dreamspeaker now remembered only as Red Blos-
som (largely because of her summonings of gigantic and exotic
spirits of elemental fire) used this rote to summon elementals
with her pounding drums.

[As long as the magickal effect roll is successful, an
elemental will appear. The power of the elemental is deter-
mined by the successes rolled. The elemental can take seconds,
minutes or hours to arrive. Once present, it will not necessarily
be cooperative or friendly with its summoner, but most will
show interest in the alien being (the mage) who weaves the
elemental's base energy and beckons for its company.]

Leap Beyond (*¢¢¢ Spirit, ¢¢ °° Mind)

The Dreamspeakers believe that the mage Teronymus
was the first mage to assume astral form. All previous attempts
by mages to explore the Deep Umbra eventually met with
grave peril — often a Lord, Preceptor or other malign force
intent on harming the mage. Teronymus was able to avoid this
by sending just his mind to the Deep Umbra.

[The mage astrally projects himself into the Deep Umbra.
The effect is identical to the Mind effect of Untether, except
that the mage's mental essence travels the Umbra instead of
the physical world.]

Leap Sideways (¢¢ © Spirit, ¢* ¢ Correspondence)

Dreamspeakers have a great need to move between spiri-
tual and physical reality; thus, magickal effects like this rote
have been performed for millennia. With this rote, a mage in
physical space may instantly move herself to any place in the
Near Umbra, and a mage in the Near Umbra may shift herself
to any position on Earth.

[A successful magickal effect roll determines where in
relation to Earth the character teleported. The character still
needs enough successes to overcome the Gauntlet.]


Time Rotes

Mistake Number One: there are no spellbooks. Only book on
magick worth a look is Cat in the Hat. See that hat? Same as mine.
Cat had the right idea. The world is a ball of string; get all the catnip
you can.

— Fritzenjammer, Cult of Ecstasy

Peeping Tom (¢¢ Time, ¢¢® Correspondence)

Cultists have a tendency to annoyances that don't really
upset other mages at first, but like an other annoyance that
persists, it eventually becomes maddening. The classic ex-
ample of this (and the reason why the Cult of Ecstasy teaches
this rote) is the Cultist that even the Cult now calls Peeping
Tom. From the safety and security of his own home, Tom had
enjoyed not just watching what other mages did, but then
pursuing the matter to see what his favorites did in the past.
Word is that massive journals of notes documenting the lives
of many famous mages like Ho Kazaoke are in the possession
of the Cult.

[The effectisjust like Postcognition, except the mage may
see the past of any location no matter where he is currently,]

Sugar Magnolias (¢*¢¢ Time, ** Mind)

This effect, developed by the ill-fated Zak Trainer (see
below), allowed Zak to scan another person's mind and re-
experience past events connected to the subject's memories.
Zak shared the same sensations the subject had while experi-
encing the past events. In addition, he knew the subject's
conscious thoughtsat the time of the event. Zak found this rote
to bea valuable way to get to know the mages thatcame tohim
for instruction; anyone who wished to learn from him had to
submit to this technique or look elsewhere for tutelage. At the
time there was no better person to whom one could go for
information about the Sphere of Time.

The effect was different from simple mind probing, which
only reveals what the subject remembers about incidents. Zak
actually re-envisioned the actual experience from the perspec-
tive of the subject, but without the subject's prejudices. Severe
emotions and physical injuries suffered by the subject during
the past event did cause Zak to have painful reactions during
his vision. One incident was so violent that Zak is said to have
broken the connection after numerous wounds appeared on
his flesh. This incident occurred when Zak scanned the past of
Clarissa Donley, who was a student of his for a brief time.
Neither Zak nor Clarissa ever revealed what caused the
physical damage.

[The more successes achieved on the effect roll, the more
total viewing time the mage receives. If the mage is probing a
subject suffering from amnesia, the effect requires many more
successes and the relived experience may be very sketchy.]

Tune in, Turn On, Drop Out (*¢** Time, ¢¢¢ Life)

By freezing time with respect to parts of her Life Pattern,
the mage Xanadu placed herself in a death-like trance to fool
witnesses after a major battle with a number of Superiors. She
used her ability in time determinism to stop most of her major

TP renas we tent


body functions. Xanadu suspected the fake death would have
to last for several hours, and thus left some life functions
unfrozen to give a more complete illusion of death. For
example, her muscles spasmed with the onset of rigor mortis.

[For every hour the mage maintains the fake death state,
she suffers one Health Level of damage as her body proteins
deteriorate. She may heal this damage using normal Pattern
Magick healing onceshe awakens. Because her brain functions
are shut down, the mage is oblivious to her surroundings while
in the fake death state. Successes on the magickal effect roll
extend the maximum length of time the mage can remain in
the fake death state.]

Zenand the Artof Panhandling (¢¢ © ° Time, ® ¢ Forces,
ee Prime)

This effect is the closest thing a non-Oracle has ever
achieved to going backward through time. It involves bringing

the future back to the present. It was developed by the very
knowledgeable Cultist Zak Trainer. After several months of
work, Zak was able to contact himself in the future (he didn't
know how far in the future) and transfera quantity of Quintes-
sence to his currentsself in the present. The problem he did not
foresee is that he would someday become that future version of
himself and be drained of a like amount of Quintessence. The
Technocracy did not miss such a detail, and its minions were
poised to strike at Zak at his very moment of weakness. He was
slain.

[One point of Quintessence may be "borrowed" for each
success. The Storyteller must remember to inform the player
that an equivalent amount of Quintessence is lost in the
middle of some future story.]

Sy lt


Chapter Eight

Systems

Youdo not sing only into silence. ¥

muss sing exactly for the space you have be
h

iver. You must ill it

so that no one can fail wo hear you, and keep your tone so clea

freeof echo that all theycan hears exactly wha

oar body prod

Orson Scott Card, Songmaster

This chapter discusses the different waysacharactercan dev
change, for better or worse, during the course ofthe chronicle.

and grow is like watching a child grow up before your

In Mage, however, development does not always mean

Ie includes systems covering everything from the accumula- improvement. The path to Ascension is perilous, and many

tion of experience to the accumulation of wounds mages lose their minds and souls in pursuit of it
One of the most exciting things ab

is seeing them change over time. Watching a char

Character Development

Now. when you pick a papaw, ora pricy pear
And you prick a raw paw, well next time beware
Don't pick the prickly pear by the paw

playing characters

k a pear try to use the claw
tose the cla
pear of the big,

Have I given you a clue

The Bare Necessities from Disney's The Jungle Book)
‘We humans are learning machines, and we leam con-
stanly —almost despite ourselves. By acquit

t we want to be, Mages are quintessential
ange, and the

jaa ¥ continually evolve in their

and figures but new ideas and perspectives, we can

quest for Ascension.


Trait Cost

New Ability 3

New Sphere 10

Willpower current rating
Knowledges current rating
Talents and Skills current rating x 2
Attributes current rating x 4
Tradition Specialty Sphere current rating x 6
Sphere current rating x 7
Spheres (for Hollow Ones) current rating x 8 —
Arete current rating x 8

Experience Points

There are times when all the world's asleep
The questions run too deep
For such a simple man
Won't you please, please tell me what we've leamed
I know it sounds absurd
But please tell me who I am.
— Supertramp, "The Logical Song"

During a story, characters learn many things. Much of
what they learn is not the type of thing that can be recorded
on their character sheets, but is rather something the players
simply keep in mind. They may have learned never to leave a
car door unlocked or never to walk intoa dark alley witha light
behind them. Sometimes, however, what they learn can and
should be quantified and recorded.

At the end of each story, the Storyteller awards experi-
ence points to the characters, normally giving the same
amounttoeach one. The players then simply record how many
experience points they gained. Experience points can be used
to increase Traits.

Awarding Experience Points

Assigning experience points requires a careful balance
between rewarding the playersand maintaining game balance.
If you follow the guidelines below, you probably won't get into
too much trouble, but feel free to experiment as you see fit.

End of Each Chapter

Give each character one to five experience points at the
end of each chapter (game session). One point is given
whether or not the group succeeds or fails, as a function of
simply being there (remember, we learn despite ourselves
sometimes).

© One point — Automatic: A character always gets one
point after each game session.

* One point — Learning Curve: The character learned
something from his experiences during the chapter. Ask the
player to describe what his character learned before you award
the point.

© One point— Acting: The player roleplayed well —not
only entertainingly but appropriately. Award for exceptional
roleplaying only; yourstandards should get increasingly higher.
In most cases, only award this point to the person who did the
best roleplaying in the troupe.

© One point — Internal Consistency: The player acted
out her character's Nature and Demeanor very well, and had
magickal goals that complemented her Essence. While some
players may find it tough to fulfill all three goals convincingly,
those who properly present both their facade and true self
deserve a reward, as do those who represent their Essence
appropriately and consistently.

* One point — Heroism: When a character puts herself
at risk for others, such as when she suffers multiple aggravated
wounds fighting a Nephandus long enough for the rest of the
mages to escape, give her an experience point. Don't let
characters take advantage of this, however. There isa fine line
between heroism and stupidity.

End of Each Story

At the end of each story, the Storyteller can assign each
player from one to three additional experience points in
addition to the points earned for completing the final chapter.

© One point — Success: The group succeeded in its
mission or goal. Perhaps it was not a complete success, but at
least a marginal victory was achieved.

© One point — Danger: The character experienced great
danger during the story and survived.

© One point — Wisdom: The player (and thus the
character) exhibited great wits or resourcefulness and came up
with an idea that enabled the group to succeed.

Ifthe Storyteller wants to award even more points and let
the characters develop more quickly, simply inventnew award
categories. These can even vary from story to story, and can be
based on the specific circumstances of a story.

Spending Experience Points

The cost for raising Traits varies widely; see the chart for
specifics. The cost is almost always based on the present rating
timesacertain number. Thus, if the character has an Alertness
rating of two and the player wants to raise it to three, it costs
four experience points to do so. If the character does not have
the Trait at all, the cost is listed as a "new" Ability or Sphere.
A Trait rating can only be raised by one per story — never
more.

Roleplay It

Storytellers should not let a player spend experience
points to raise any Trait she wishes — advancement is a bit
more involved than that. The increased Trait should relate to
something the character had a chance to discover during the
story: either the character achieved great success through use
of the Trait, or made a big mistake from which she can learn.
In the case of Willpower, something must have occurred that
would have actually increased the character's self-confidence.
It is particularly important to limit mages' advancement in

Spheres and Arete. These Traits determine how quickly a
mage grows in power and can unbalance the game if not
handled well, so a story-based reason for any increases should
exist.

Keep in mind, however, that mages are often brilliant
with regard tomundane learning. Any mage whosets her mind
to it can learn even the most obscure lore more quickly and
with less effort than the average human. Those mages who
accept mundane society as their purview exceed even prodi-
gies of the day in sheer speed and flexibility of thought.

Backgrounds

The Advantages listed on the character sheet as Back-
groundsare handled differently from other Traits. Backgrounds
may never change through the use of experience points.
Instead, Background changes occur as a normal course of
events during the chronicle. For example, acharacter's Avatar
rating may decrease if the Technomancers drain her magick,
or it might increase as a result of a vision quest. Eventually, the
Storyteller will note the changes, and characters' Traits will
increase (or decrease) as appropriate. A player may wish to ask
the Storyteller if one of her Background Traits should be
changed, but this should not be done too often.

The Storyteller may design a list of things characters must
accomplish in order to increase each Background, and the
players may or may not be shown this list. To gain a higher
Arcane rating, for example, a mage may have to erase certain
records of himself. On the other hand, a mage who needs a
certain Arcane rating in order to ensure survival may be
required to face some moral decisions during a story. Perhaps
the only way to increase the rating is to eliminate people close
to him.

For the most part, Background-raising decisions take
place overthe course ofastory. Backgrounds generally increase
one dotata time, but major victories and upsets in the story can
lead to the gain or loss of more than one Background dot at a
time.

Willpower

Characters can buy permanent Willpower with experi-
ence points, but sometimes characters may have a specific
chance to raise Willpower. The opportunity to gain Willpower
makesa great motivation forstories, especially the more bizarre
ones.

Characters can lose permanent Willpower as well. This
occurs whenever a player botches a Willpower roll. Also,
temporary Willpower points (the boxes) are gained, lost and
deliberately spent with great frequency over the course of the
chronicle.

=

mom

en 2 rE er EY

aa.

Personality
Development

But] think itis high time you all start looking at yourselves, and
judging the lie that you live in.

— Charles Manson, at the Tate-LaBianca trial

A character's personality can change over the course of
the chronicle, but for the most part the changes occur through
roleplaying and not simply by changing the character sheet.
Forinstance, character motivations change with the passing of
time. Deciding when and how a character's motivations
change can add great depth to roleplaying. However, when a
character's Demeanor or true Nature changes, it should be
recorded on the character sheet as well. No aspect of person-
ality can change through the use of experience points.

A mage's Essence cannot change except through the
intervention of the most powerful and knowledgeable Oracles.

Demeanor

Though the Demeanor listed on the character sheet is
simply the way the character most commonly presents herself,
it is not an absolute standard of behavior. Changing the
Demeanor of a character may help the player focus on the
change in personality. A player may change his character's
Demeanor at any point in the game, but should either tell the

Storyteller he has done so or make it evident through his
roleplaying.

Sometimes the Storyteller might suggest the change after
watching the way the character is played, simply as a way of
alerting the player that she has noticed the change in person-
ality. Keep in mind that Demeanor isonlya tool the player uses
to focus and direct roleplaying. If a change in Demeanor is
called for or seems appropriate, the player should feel free to go
right ahead and change it.

Nature

A player may also change her character's Nature, but rules
for this are somewhat more strict than those for changing
Demeanor. A character's Nature is central to who and what he
is — it is the locus of his being. A change in Nature is akin to
a change in personality — everything is different after it
occurs. Itshould not be decided on the spur ofthe moment, but
must be thoroughly considered. The Storyteller should force a
player to roleplay the change over a number of game sessions;
astory might even be created around the tumultuous transfor-
mation. Conversely, sometimes it may make sense for the
change in personality to occur suddenly, as a reaction to what
has happened to or around the character.

Study Points
1 want everything to be explained to me or nothing... The
absurd springs from this confrontation between the human call and
the unreasonable silence of the world.
— Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus

Mages can gain valuable knowledge from teachers and
tomes. They can increase the value of certain Traits though
applied study, using the guidance of tutors or information in
occult libraries. Mages spend at least as much time at home
studying as they do traveling and exploring — sometimes
months are spent in devout search for new understanding and
wisdom.

Time between stories is typically filled with one kind of
study or another, recorded in terms of months. One month is
considered to be enough time to study a discrete amount of
material. Typically, however, many monthsare spent studying
one subject.

Study time can be pretty dull, so it is rarely played out. If
the study is done under a tutor, however, it can involve
assisting in experiments, as well as such mundane chores as
taking out the garbage (or mopping the floor after making a
mess). This latter form of menial repayment is ideal for
characters who have become overly arrogant in their power.

Spending Study Points

Study pointscan only be used to raise Spheres, Knowledges
and Skills. Moreover, study points cannot be used on theirown.
to raise Traits, but must be used in conjunction with experi-
ence points. They can be used, in effect, to double the value of
experience points, but have no value on their own. A mage
may use study points to pay no more than half the cost of the
increase.

For example, if a player wanted to raise her Virtual
Adept's Correspondence rating from two to three (an experi-
ence point cost of 10), she couldspenda maximum offive study
pointsand a minimum of five experience points. All points are
lost after being spent.

Tutors

Ifacharacter studies witha tutor, the base number of study
points gained in a month is determined by the relative Trait
ratings of the student and tutor (see the chart below). The
tutor must beat least one level above the student, and the more
he knows the more the student will learn.

Tutor and Student Relative Scores Study Points
‘One higher vs

Two higher 4
Three higher 6

Four higher 8

Five higher 10
Modifiers

‘Tutor is of the same Tradition as the student: + 0
Tutor is of a different Tradition from the student: -3

Ifa mage studies from a tome, the study points gained are
determined by the study value of the tome. This is based on the
erudition of its author, and is rated from one to five.

Study can continue for several months. Foreach consecu-
tive month spent studying from the same source, however, the
study point total decreases by one.

Learning froma Tutor
What is a good man but a bad man's teacher?
What is a bad man but a good man's job?

If you don't understand this, you will get lost,
However intelligent you are.
Itis the great secret.

— Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching

It is not always easy to find a tutor, as the majority of
knowledgeable mages are preoccupied with their own affairs.
Many months may be wasted for want of a tutor. Moreover, it
can be difficult meeting the price that tutors demand for their
time and attention, whether it be Quintessence or "a small
favor." Such a favor can range from simple delivery of a
message to a dangerous expedition to recover a stolen Talis-
man.

However, ifa truly talented tutor is found, many students
can profit at the same time. A tutor can simultaneously
instruct a number of students equal to his Expression rating.
You should make some effort to see that players spend these
study points in similar ways, as it is assumed that the tutor is
instructing them in the same material (although maybe on
different levels). Each student must individually determine
the study points gained.

One reason mages agree to serve as tutors is that they also
gain study points from the act of teaching — though rarely as
many as the student. The tutor makes a Wits roll (difficulty of
the number of students + 5). Each success gives the tutor one
study point in the subject being studied.

Osing Tomes

Once upon a midnight dreary, as I pondered weak and weary
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore...
— Edgar Allan Poe, "The Raven"

Tomesare books in which mages record wisdom about the
Spheres of magick. They are filled with discussions, experi-
ment notes, arcane secrets, and perhaps more questions than
they answer. They also often contain new rotes to help
students studying the book. They are essentially scholarly
works of various branches of knowledge. Tomes are rated from
one to five and are useful as sources for a number of months
equal to their rating.

Interruptions

If a student's studies are interrupted, study points may be
lost. A Wits + Research roll must be made for each day of study
thatis interrupted (difficulty equal to the number of days lost).
Failure indicates that one study point is lost, and a botch

ane Po A A

em eS at a

:
1


indicates that all study points are lost. Tutors who are inter-
rupted may have to make similar rolls, but difficulties are
generally much lower.

Experimentation

If a mage has access to a properly equipped magickal
laboratory in a Chantry where the laws of reality are more
forgiving than on earth, study points can be gained without the
assistance of a tutor or a tome. Such experimentation is risky,
but common among older mages who have difficulty finding
anyone who is more knowledgeable than they are in their
chosen Sphere.

Quintessence

Howcan yoube two places atonce, when you're notanywhere
at all?

— Firesign Theatre

A mage's Quintessence fluctuates more than any other
Trait. This primal energy can be expended to make magick
easier to cast, and Quintessence is required for the creation of
most major magickal effects. It cannot be gained through
experience, but must be gathered from the Nodes of the
Tapestry.

Quintessence is the means by which mages change real-
ity. Quintessence travels along ley lines and tends to gather at
the knots that tie reality together — Nodes. Quintessence is
the fundamental building block of reality. Mages battle over
Quintessence because it is the tool with which reality is forged.

The specifics of gaining or regaining Quintessence are
covered in large part in the discussion of the Prime Sphere (see
Chapter Seven). However, there are a number of specifics
hereafter that show how, and why, Quintessence is a major
source of conflict among mages. Quintessence is a precious,
and in its raw form, finite, commodity.

Tass

Quintessence sometimes becomes trapped in physical
objects, either because a mage stores it there or because of
natural mystical processes. It is very common for Quintessence
to collect at Nodes and become embodied in the Patterns of
physical objects. Mages refer to physical objects that store free
Quintessence as "Tass." Tass may take almost any form: water
from a sacred spring, crystals dug from a mystic cave, leaves
from an ancient tree, mushrooms grown over a mage's grave.
Tt can also accumulate inside the bodies of mystic and super-
natural creatures — werewolf tails, demon horns, vampire
blood and the like.

Atone time collections of Tass were more common, but
they have slowly disappeared from the world. In the modern
age of reason, Tass can be very difficult to locate and dangerous
to seize. Expeditions to the few remaining sites of Tass are
common pursuits of young mages.

Mages who have achieved at least Rank One in Primecan
use Tass points in the same ways as Quintessence is used. All

of the Tass must be used in a single turn; the object is
completely "burned up" when it is used. Tass can power huge
magickal effects, enchant Talismans and rechargeacharacter's
Quintessence. The advantage of Tass is that it allows a mage
to have huge quantities of Quintessence on hand; the draw-
back is that it can be easily stolen.

Tass is an excellent reward for players, and can be the
motivation for innumerable stories. Raids on werewolf caerns
are the stuff of legend among some Traditions, and mages who
steal Tass from Technomancers gain great prestige in addition
to the power of the Tass. Recovery of Tass is perhaps the most
common and easiest Mage story to tell.

Finally, the word "Tass" has also become a common term
among modern mages to describe a general quantity of free
Quintessence. One Tass corresponds to one point of Quintes-
sence.

Apprenticeship

Come with me
Like a little child
Like another gun
Like homeless, restless, known to none, like
Way beyond the line.
— The Sisters of Mercy, "1959"

The process of becoming a mage is never easy.
Successfully mastering the Spheres requires
great determination, stamina and ambition. It
is a dangerous undertaking, and survival is far
from certain.

A mage is set on the path of enlightenment by
a Mentor. After years of observation and con-
templation, the Mentor decides how to Awaken
the Sleeper's Avatar— whether through direct
intervention on the mage's part or through subtle manipula-
tion.

An apprentice rarely remains with his first Mentor for-
ever, even though he may have been associated with the mage
for years. Many tutors are required to give the developing mage
the perspective and breadth he needs. Without diversity, the
apprentice would only become an imitation of the master, and
lose his own developing identity.

Any human can potentially become a mage. All Sleepers
have at least a small Avatar within them, but few have the will,
sense of self, or intelligence to be Awakened. Strong-willed or
brilliant Sleepers often work coincidental magick unknow-
ingly, making things happen for their own benefit.

A mage who sees a worthy Sleeper and desires to recruit
her typically approaches her obliquely at first, learning more
about her character, discipline and disposition. The mage may
even begin quietly training the subject through exercises like
meditation before revealing his true nature.

Once a recruit has become aware of the existence of
magick, she is called an initiate. Each Tradition has a different


set of procedures and policies for training initiates. The
Dreamspeakers, for instance, often approach their apprentices
through dreams, and may even train them in their sleep.
Certain mages of this Tradition have never met their Mentors
in person.

Though there are no mandatory requirements for training
an apprentice, most Chantries have rules concerning appren-
ticeships written into their covenants. Most covenants insist
that a mage be a Master of one Sphere and an Adept of two
others before taking the title of Mentor (one who trains an
apprentice and watches over her in the years to come).
Mentors may only train apprentices through methods appro-
priate to their own Traditions. It is rumored that some mages
who have left behind the trappings of their Traditions have
taken to training Orphans — Sleepers who have a penchant
and skill for magick without the need for the props of the
Traditions.

Finally, there is the actual initiation, in which the Awak-
ening is ritualized. Again, the initiation is different for each
Tradition, and sometimes varies from Chantry toChantry. For
the Euthanatos, initiation is typically a near-death experience,
while for the Cult of Ecstasy it is a mind-altering spirit journey
of excess and delight. If the apprentice survives, she is consid-
ered a full mage, and is now called a Disciple.

Mages seek out apprentices for a variety of reasons.
Usually they want to recruit them before the Technomancers
or other enemies can. Additionally, a mage can gain study
points (as described above) during an apprentice's first year of
study. Storytellers can let the Mentor gain study points beyond
the first year, but it should become harder.

Ascension

Spoken like a true messiah! Simple, direct, quotable, and it
doesn't even answer the question unless somebody takes the time to
think carefully about it

— Richard Bach, Illusions

J Once an apprentice becomes a mage, the quest
for Ascension begins in earnest. The path to
Ascension is reflected by the Arete Trait. Arete
is the measure of a character's enlightenment
and harmony with her inner Avatar. The
character must continually strive tounderstand
the cosmos and her place in the crusade for
evolution. Ascension can only be gained inside
the context of a story, though gaining Arete
still requires experience points. Advancement toward Ascen-
sion is more a matter of Storyteller judgment and player
intuition than strict rules and moral platitudes.

+ Mystical enlightenment is so personal a venture that
intuition alone can guide the mage. For purposes of game
mechanics, each rise in Arete must be integrated with
storytelling and involve a great deal of character development.
Ascension is initiated by the mage's Avatar via direct commu-
nication — one of the few times the Avatar emerges as a


separate entity in the character's life. The forms commonly
assumed by Avatars of different Essences are detailed in
Chapter Six.

‘A character's Avatar manifests when the character has
gathered enough experience to increase his Arete and the
player has expressed a desire to do so. During a significant
‘moment (the character escapes a Paradox Realm, discovers a
Level Five tome, regains Quintessence, experiences Quiet,
etc.) the Avatarcontactsthe character and begins (viadreams
and other mystical means) to guide him toward Ascension.

This sucklen revelation is called an Epiphany and is
spoken of with reverence by all mages. The actions required to
gain Arete (and enlighterment) usually correspond to the
character'sEssence type. The Storytellerhastotal controlover
when and how the Epiphany is reached. Sometimes it will
occur to more than one mage at a time, and can even be
designed into a story ahead of time.
iphanies can be overpowering, emotionally incapaci-
tating a character for hours or even days. Epiphanies should
always be formative and pivotal events in a chronicle. Visions
often occur, and aspects of the self (such as Demeanor) might
change. Noone other than the mage and Masters of the Spirit
Sphere can see or interact with an Avatar.

The Seeking

Ride Captain Ride upon your mystery ship,
(On your way to a world that others might have missed.
— Blues Image, "Ride Capeain Ri

Upon receiving an Epiphany, the mage must embark on
what iscalled Seeking. Ifthe Seeking succeeds, the mage will
gain anew dotin Arete. Only at the conclusion of the Seeking
need experience points be spent

Trueand ultimate personal Ascension isonly achieved by
fulfilling "karmic destiny." This sa quest for an esoteric goal,
and transcendsquantfied game cores. The objectofthe quest
isexpressed by the Avatar during the Epiphany, and the mage
is led (or perhaps misled) over the entire Secking by the
Avatar, Such prolonged contact with oneself can be most
frustrating and exhausting.

‘During the Seeking, the mage may come face to face with
his own mortal flaws (sometimes expressed in personified

form), which then need to be overcome. In any event, he must
undergo a grueling sequence of intemal and external transfor.
mation.

Seeking can take hours, days, months or even years, and
thehigher the Arete rating tobe attained, the more dangerous
the joumey. Some mages must spend decades in the process.
The mage is usualy led by his Avatar (often by a circuitous
route) toa location or place where an action or series of actions
must be taken. Iisrare forthe Avatar to express exactly what
needs to be accomplished; the character must figure it out.
Sometimes the Seeking involves a return to some place from
the character'spast where wrongs must he righted. Sometimes
it involves a journey into the Umbra where the mage must
battle his own Avatar. Sometimes it isa traditional quest for
wisdom, where mountains must be scaled and oracles con-
sulted.

Following are descriptions of the Secking as interpreted
by each Essence:

* Dynamic — The Seckingofa Dynamic mage typically
involves enforcing change upon a person or society.

* Pattern — The Secking typically involves protecting
and maintaining the status quo, or reinforcing the Patterns
that connect and bind all things, including the self to the
world,

* Primordial — Most often, this Secking involves a
retum to the character' past or inner self. The character must
face and defeat his own inner demons.

* Questing — Seeking for those of Questing Essence
involves the headlong pursuit of a vision, or an exploration of
the character's mind. This Seeking often requites extensive
travel in both the physical and spiritual worlds.

As an example, a Seeking for a mage with a Partern
Essence could involve him traveling to a Realm in the Near
Unmbra where Marauders have taken over. The character will
have to reestablish the area's religious hierarchy, which was
overthrown by the Marauders. He must then deal with the
upheaval caused by the Marauders and his own counterrevo-
lution. Ifhe succeeds he will increase his Arete and gain greater
understanding ofthe universe's delicate balance. fhe fails, he
may well destroy an entire Realm.

Storytelling in the Near Ombra

Mages frequently journey to the Near Umbra
The spirit world resembles the "real world " in
‘many respects, but there are some important
differences. The Near Umbra is even more
‘mutable than the physical world, often chang-
ing form to match its travelers' expectations.

The spirit world is a vibrant place permeated
with the essence of lfe. Ir bears a close resem-
blance to the mundane world because spirits

often take the form of their material counterparts. However,
things look and seem more alive and colorful. Everything,
from the color ofthe sky to the smell ofa flower, is more vivid.

The geography of the Near Umbra usually resembles that
of the real world. General landmarks remain relatively con-
stant. However, such features as buildings, trees and cars
appearas vague blursin the spirit worldunlesstheirspiritshave
been Awakened. This Awakening generally occurs when the
objectis the subjectofextreme emotions. Objects whosespirits


have not been Awakened are all but invisible and may be
replaced by other, stronger spiritual images. For example, a
house in the real world might appear as an Indian burial ground
in the Near Umbra.

Travel and Interaction

Movement through the Near Umbra is identical to
movement in the material world. Characters walk, run, skip,
jump or ride just as they normally would. Except for the rules
concerning magick use in the Near Umbra (see Chapter
Seven), game play is handled the same way in the Near Umbra
as in physical reality. Ifan object has a form in the spirit world,
it can be lifted, thrown or broken.

Storytellers should make the Near Umbra whatever they
want and need it to be. Treat it as a dreamscape in which
anything and everything is possible; an environment in which
Storytellers can create any style and shape of story.

Talismans

A Talisman is a physical item instilled with magickal
powers. Instilling magick into an item is a lengthy process
informally referred to as enchantment. The act of enchant-
ment places Quintessence into an item's Pattern, and also
creates a flow of Quintessence through the item, similar to
what occurs in the Patterns of living creatures. When the
stored Quintessence is depleted, the item runs out of fuel for its
magickal effects. However, only when the flow of Quintes-
sence through the Talisman is disrupted does it become a
mundane item.

A Talisman must be tied to specific effects, whether
vulgar or coincidental. Unlike the mage herself, whocan enact
any effect given a broad base of knowledge, Talismans are
programmed with particular powers — rather than having a
general Forces 2 power, for instance, a Talisman would have a
specific Forces 2 effect instilled, such as the ability to reverse
flows of electricity.

The advantage of Talismans is that they allow mages to
utilize knowledge and powers that they may not possess
internally but can employ with the help of the Talisman. Also,
they are advantageous because mages can roll more dice than
they have Arete, up to a maximum of 10. This means that a
mage who is backed into a corner can become very dangerous
if he has a potent Talisman.

Talismans are rated in power on a scale from one to five.
Some legendary devices with higher ratings, called Artifacts,
are known to exist, but such Talismans are extremely rare.
Specific examples of Talismans are provided in the Appendix.

The rating of a Talisman indicates three limitations on its
powers. No Talisman may contain more powers than its rating;
those powers must each have Sphere ranks lower than or equal
tothat rating; and the maximum amount of Quintessence that
the Talisman may contain equals its rating times ten. For
Talismans gained with the Talisman Background during char-
acter creation, assume that such Talismans contain one power
ofeach rating up to the rating of the item. For instance, a Level


Three Talisman would have one power each from the frst,
second and third levels of ts Sphere.

Using Talismans

Talisman powers may be used by the Awakened. The user
‘must make physical contact with the Talisman and spend one
tum willing the power to activate. An accompanying com-
‘mand phrase or triggering gesture might also be required,
depending on what the creator of the Talisman desired

‘The rules for Talisman-created magickal effects are simi-
lar to those used for mages. Any Paradox gained through the
use ofa Talisman ischanneledto the userof the item (although
rumors abound of Marauder Talismans that store their own
Paradox, unleashing iton those unfortunate enough rouse the
item without special knowledge)

Each use of a Talisman requires the expenditure of one
point of the Quintessence stored in the item. A mage always
hasthe option to use a point of her own Quintessence in place
ofthe one thatmust otherwise come fromthe Talisman. When
allthe Quintessence inside an item is expended, the Talisman
can no longer produce powers, though itis still considered
enchanted. Mages who have achieved Rank Three or higher
in Prime can channel more free Quintessence into the item,
"recharging" its mystic batteries. Only physical destruction or
supernatural assault equivalent toa Prime 4 magickal effect
canactually disenchant a Talisman by permanently disrupting
its flow of Quintessence.

Creating Talismans

Talismans can only be created within the confines of a
Chantry's Horizon Realm. A high degree of magickal aptitude
and knowledge is also required, and the assistance of a Master
is recommended.

Foci

=] Foci are the items used by Tradition mages to
NY facilitate the use of magick. All Traditions

teach their magick withoue incorporating the
items. The benefit i tremendous — what used
to take a mage a decade to leam can now be
Jeamed in much less time because the magick
inherent infocus allows a mage to tap magick
‘otherwise beyond her.

‘As a mage becomes increasingly skilled, he is able to
dispense with the use of certain foci. Until that time, however,
a focus isnecessary ifthe mageistouse the Sphere to which the
focus is connected. For example, an Akashic Brother must be
purified (ic. have just cleansed his body) in order to use Spirit
magick

Foci may be dispensed with atthe rate of one Sphere per
point of Arete over 1. At Arete 1 a mage is Awakened and


gains the ability to tap foci. At Arete 2, the mage may choose
one Sphere that she may use without the benefit ofa focus. The
aforementioned Akashic Brother might suddenly realize how
he can use the Spirit Sphere without first having to purify his
body.

A physical focus may still be necessary for the mage,
though, if more than one Sphere is tied to it. For example, a
member of the Sons of Ether needs an abacus in order to
perform Correspondence or Entropy magick. At Arete 2, the
Son may discard the abacus for the purposes of working with
the Entropy Sphere, but he still needs it for Correspondence.
Later, when the Son gains another point of Arete, he may
dispense with the abacus for Correspondence magick as well.
Atthat point, the mage need no longer carry around an abacus
when he thinks he'll need to tap one of those Spheres.

Of Sound Mind
and Body

Though mages are vastly more powerful than their Sleeper
brethren, they are far from invulnerable. They can fall victim
to unhealthy states, whether of mystical or physical origin.
This section discusses those internal pitfalls, from psychoses to
bullet wounds.

Paradox

T fought the law, and the law won.
— The Bobby Fuller Four, "I Fought the Law"

3 Whenever a mage produces a magickal
#24 effect, he creates a situation that cannot exist
gee within reality (note that this is even true of

5S static magick, though its appearance is innocu-
< ous). Whena mage ruptures reality, he becomes
A infused with the energies of Paradox. Ifa mage's
magick attempt fails, the failure indicates that
the force of reality, or perhaps Paradox spirits
themselves, emerge to diffuse the attempt. This
is important: the effect doesn't just fail —
rather, it is stopped by reality.

A mage's accumulated Paradox energy tends to coalesce
within the etheric Pattern of the mage's body in the same
manner that the mage stores Quintessence. Accumulated
Paradox is indicated on the Mage character sheet, specifically
on the Quintessence/Paradox circular track. In order for a
character to rid himself of Paradox energy, the player may
either "spend" the points on Paradox Flaws, or (in the case of
highly charged characters) must suffer a Paradox Backlash.

As a character accumulates Paradox energy, the player
can choose to reduce the Paradox Pool by exchanging points
for Paradox Flaws. Sample effects are detailed below. Each
Flaw has a Paradox point "cost" associated with it, denoting


how many Paradox points the character loses when that Flaw
is chosen.

In game terms, the forces of Paradox are beyond the
control of the mage character, but for story purposes, the player
is allowed to determine how the forces of Paradox affect her
character. Naturally, the Storyteller is free to assign Flaws toa
character, especially if a certain Flaw will later become crucial
toa story's plot, or if a player seems to be abusing her power of
selection.

Paradox Backlashes are strictly in the purview of the
Storyteller. Backlashes are violent, devastating effects caused
by Paradox energy exploding out of the character's Pattern.
The effects of Backlashes range from physical and mental
trauma to attracting the more insidious forms of Paradox.

Mages of the Traditions have found no way to control
Paradox, and only a few means of working around it. Despite
this, most mages believe that even Paradox can be understood
and controlled. In particular, the Marauders seem to be
immune to its effects.

Paradox Flaws

tis your flesh we want to experience.
— Pinhead in Hellbound

Player can choose to select new Flaws at any time. While
players may at first have no motivation to select Flaws, players
will quickly realize that it is far better to select Paradox Flaws
than to wait for the Storyteller to roll for a Backlash. Besides,
when properly played, Flaws can be exciting and humorous
story elements.

Players can select Flaws from the numerous examples
below, or better yet, create completely new Flaws. The ex-
amples below are organized according to how many points of
Paradox the character loses when he adopts the Flaw. The
Storyteller can use the examples below as guidelines when
assigning a Paradox point "cost" to new Flaws.

The exact die roll or Trait penalties a chosen Flaw causes
are determined by the Storyteller (experienced groups may
allow players to decide their own penalties). The duration of
an effect is also subjective and is decided by the Storyteller.
The natural flow of Quintessence into a character's Pattern
will slowly correct most damage to the Pattern caused by
Paradox; however, some Flaws scar the character's Pattern and
are permanent.

The effects of Paradox cause mages to tread with some
degree of fear through the Realms of magick, and the Flaws of
Paradox energy must stay fresh and new to continue to be
exciting elements of the story. For this reason, storytelling
groups are strongly encouraged to create their own Paradox
Flaws to supplement those provided below. Storytellers may
even reward players with extra experience at the end ofa game
session for creating especially imaginative or entertaining
Flaws.

Often, elements in astory spontaneously create new ideas
for Flaws, depending on what the characters have done to gain

the Paradox energy. For example, in the process of using Life
magick to grow hair and disguise himself as a heavily bearded
man, a mage character acquires a couple of Paradox points.
The player elects to spend the accumulated points on a
Paradox Flaw associated with the magick that was used. The
player decides that from now on, all hair on the character's
body will grow shorter each day until eventually the character
is completely bald, at which point the Flaw will disappear and
the character will again begin to grow hair normally.

Most Paradox Flaws at least temporarily discomfort or
handicap the character, but occasionally the player can select
Flaws that occur in the environment around the mage and do
not necessarily affect the mage personally.

Once a mage has accumulated large amounts of Paradox,
he finds it very difficult to bleed it offin discrete amounts. Once
the lid is off, Paradox tends to stream out of the mage.
Therefore, whenever Paradox Flaws are purchased, a player
must spend at least half of her character's current Paradox
(round up). For example, ifthe mage has five points of Paradox,
the minimum Flaw that may be purchased isa three-point Flaw
(five divided by twoand rounded up is three). Of course, afour-
or five-point Flaw may be selected as well. If the mage has a
Paradox rating greater than eight, five-point Flawsare the only
option.

One-PointFlaws

A minor Paradox effect occurs near the character. Most
one-point Flaws are extremely short-lived. The majority of
Paradox Flaws are one-point effects that happen as the mage
performs the magick that caused her to acquire the Paradox
point. Minor Paradox Flaws include: watches running in
reverse; milk curdling; a fire burning without its fuel being
consumed; plastic rusting; flowers closing back into buds; glass
disintegrating into sand; shadows falling toward a light source;
the character sneezing so forcefully he suffers a Health Level of
damage and makes a sound like thunder; a reversal of the sense
of taste; making sweets sour and normally tasty foods vile; etc.

Two-PointFlaws

Two-pointFlawsare more dramatic and can last for hours.
Examples include: energy briefly flowing backward (cars sud-
denly thrown in reverse, electrical currents reverse, fire burns
cold, etc.); scars reopening into wounds; mirror images acting
differently from the objects they reflect; right-handed people
becoming left-handed; casual acquaintances forgetting each
other completely; nearby sounds echoing indefinitely; 10
minutes passing inan eyeblink; the next point of Quintessence
the character gains becoming a point of Paradox instead;
finger- and toenails growing extremely fast and twisting into
unnatural shapes; streams running uphill; etc.


c-point Flaws are much more prominent
ter significantly. They also tend to h

durations; some last days or weeks. The player may also choose
‘one-point Flaws and make them permanent. Three-point
Flaws include: things falling upward; specific memories radi

cally changing; the character' face wrinkling as from old age;

ing flexible like a rubber hose; inversion of
the character's sense of hearing — whispers are screams and
shouts are barely audible; the character becoming unable to
enter the Umbra the force of friction completely disappearing

inregard to anything the character contact

nerve impulsestc
um being delayed fora full second; nerve impulses
to another arm happening one full second in tis

¢ before the
aracter would will it (trying to catch a thrown ball, the
character's arm raises before the character even knows the ball
is being thrown, and then dropsa full second too early, so that
the ball beans the character); etc

Four-Point Flaws
Four-point Flaws become quite hazardous. They can last
hours, days, or weeks depending on their severity. Examy
include: the body's intestinal tract reversing direction of
consumption and excretion; the character needing darkness
instead of light to see; the character's body becoming a
powerful magnet so that nearby metal objects nearby hurtle
toward him; the character being forced to speak in inverted
word order (which means or the character tosay "Lam Jason",
the player must say "Jason am I"); the character's bones
becoming as heavy as iron or as brittle as rotten wood; ete

e~Point Flaws

These are major Paradox Flaws. These Flaws are often
more damaging than lesser Flaws but do not necessarily last
longer than three- or four-point Flaws. The Storyteller must
decide the exact consequ

ces of each Flaw in terms of game
statistics. The Flaws often involve a drastic and temporary or
minor and permanent decrease in ot
Players may also choose two-point Flaws and adopt them.
permanently. Examples of five-point Paradox Flaws include
sights coming into the righteye beingseen with thelefteyeand
vice versa; one ofthe character's knees or elbows only bending
in the opposite direction; every piece of inanimate matter the
character touches turing transparent; ete.

Paradox Backlash
Inmy dream I was drowning my sorrows

But my sorrows they leaned to swim.
—U2, "Until the End of the World"

trributes.

Whenever a vulgar magick effect results in a botch, or
whenever a Storyteller feels i is appropriate, a Paradox roll is
made todetermine ifthe mage suffers from a Paradox Backlash.

To make a Paradox roll, the Storyteller should take the
number of dice indicated (the number of dice rolled for the
effect, or the mage's entire Paradox rating) and roll against a
difficulty of six. This Dice Pool can be from one to 20 dice.

Foreach successthe Storyteller gainson the Paradox roll,
the character loses one point of Paradox energy. That's the
good news.


‘The bad news isthat the character suffers from some form
of Paradox Backlash as the released Paradox enengy explodes
outofthe character' Patter. The Storytellercanselectany of,
the Backlash effects below, or create new effets of her own.
Generally, the more successes rolled, the more Paradox energy
isexpelled, and the worse the effect willbe. Spirits will be more
powerful and craps will be more difficult and threatening.

Damage: The forces of Paradox directly assault the char-
acter, inflicting physical or mental damage. The character
suffers one Health Level of damage for each success on the
Paradox roll. The character cannot soak this damage, nor can
itbe healed through any means other than natural processes
(see Aggravated Wounds in Chapcer Bight). This damage
usually appears as wide, striated burs randomly scattered on
the character's skin. These burn marks gradually fade as they
heal. Paradox wounds are extremely painful and their visible
marks are symbols of pride, shame or embarrassment, depend-
ing upon the character's Tradition.

Many famous mages have died in this way.

Paradox Realm: The character, and anyone else nearby,
issucked intoa Paradox Realm. Paradox Realms are phenom-
‘ena that imprison those caught within them into a form of
infinite loop. These traps often involve the Spheres of Corre-
spondence, Time, Spirit or Mind, but can be related to other
Spheres as well. Examples of Paradox Realms include:

* Correspondence: The prisoners are caught in a field of
warped space. The space may be the size ofa room, acity block,
a town or a nation. Whenever the prisoners attempe to leave
the space, coincidental effects hinder them from leaving (to
the point of injuring or killing them), or they simply appear on
the opposite side ofthe space when they attempe to exit from
the other side.

+ Entropy: The prisoners seem to have entered another
dimension. Everything around them is normal except for its
appalling lack of disorganization. People move like robots;
trafficmoves in orderly streams; events occur right on time; the
landscape looks like something out of Metropolis; there isan
absolute void of creative process anywhere

© Mind: The prisoner is trapped inside the virtual reality
of his own imagination. He might be plagued by his own
personified neuroses, which appear as other sentients inside
this virtual world. This effect can be similar to Quiet (see
below). Ocher Paradox Realms of the mind cause insanity: for
example, the prisoner assumes anew split personality each day,
cxcasionally cycling back into his true personality for a while
before switching again

© Spirit: The prisoners become trapped inside another
Realm, usually a Paradox dimension where the laws of reality
differ radically from those of physical reality. They might
become trapped in a dream that endlessly repeats itself, or in
aa dream world based upon mindless clichés such as soap opera
romance or gangster pulp. The physical bodies of the prisoners
lapse into states of catatonia.

‘© Time: The prisoners are doomed to repeat the same
period of time endlessly. This period mightbeaweek,aday,an
hour, oreven a mere minute. The movie Groundhog Day isone
reference source for this kind of Paradox Realm.

Storytellers are encouraged to play characters' entrap-
‘ment inand escape from these Realmsascompletestories, The
methods of escape from Paradox Realms are many and varied,
and most often involve creating a Paradox within the Realm
itself. Other traps must simply run their courses before the
characters are set free.

Paradox Spirits: On rare occasions, potent releases of
Paradox energy will summon a Paradox spirit, or transform
anotherbeing intosuch spirit, Examples of Paradox piritsare
given in the Appendix. The spirit created will do everything
in its power to destroy the mage. Some spirits manifest and
immediately attack the mage who "created" them. Others
‘escape into the Umbra, where they weave elaborate, cunning
plots to ruin the mage.

It is rumored that Marauders sometimes purposefully
creare paradoxes in order to summon Paradox spirits. The
Marauders are said to possess methods that allow them to trap
the spirits once they arrive. The spirits are then perverted into
servants of the chaos mages.

Quiet

So I cry sometimes when I'm kying in bed,
to gett all out what's m my head,
then I start feeling alte peculiar

—4Non-Blondes, "What's Up"

Mages are susceptible to a state of psychic
regression known as Quiet. Mages are so adept
BY ac eschewing "true" reality to pursue their own
B unique visions that they tend to get a little
carried away. Sometimes the mage's percep-
tions cannot realign with reality for aperiod of
1¢. Such an estrangement is known as an
episode of Quiet. Quiet is usually viewed by
mundane humans as insanity.

‘Any mage with Paradox points can slip into Quiet atany
time. When and how an episode of Quiet begins and ends is
entirely up to the Storyteller, hough Quiet usually occurs ifa
character builds up Paradox without buying Paradox Flaws ot
‘suffering Paradox Backlash. Sometimes entire subplots of a
‘Chronicle will be aspects of a character's Quiet.

‘The symptoms of a Quiet, from an outsider's perspective,
include bursts of thought, action and communication that


make no sense to sane people — interspersed with bouts of
severe withdrawal verging on catatonia. From the victim's
perspective, Quiet is an assault of extraneous sensory data and
changes to the world around him. During the mage's fight to
realign hisperceptions with reality, he is perceived ascatatonic
by outsiders

Naturally, beliefs being what they are in the world of
Mage (especially a mage's beliefs), such insanity can have
tangible effects. Sometimes mages may take people into their
Quiets, to keep them company in the strange landscape or to
help them find their wayback. Sometimesan episode of Quiet
{so strong that all the characters in a cabal ae affected by it.
Storytellers are free to create or evoke nearly anything during
a episode of Quiet — it's all "illusion" anyway

‘The worst part of Quiet is that the mage cannot be certain
which elements are real and which are false. During the
episode, the mage usually tries her best to ignore her delusions
and act normally. Those who fail tend to end up in sanitariums,
‘or at least with tamished reputations in human society.
Particularly strong elements cannot be ignored, for they are so
solidly accepted by the mage that they affect her as if they are
real.

Tracking Quiet

The extentand variety of amage's Quiet is determined by
her current Paradox rating. A nearby table indicares what
changes might occur.

These guidelines are quite loose and open to Storyteller
interpretation, Some Storytellers may choose to invest the
Quiet episodes with symbols reflecting the nature of the
character; others may use Quiet as a sort of "Tell-Tale Heart"
motif, eying to prey on hidden guilt. Oxhers may decide to
make the elements of the Quiet completely arbitrary, to best
reflect the situation at hand or promote strange roleplayingon
the player's part

Coping with Elements

Wedo not have the ideal world, such as we would like, where
‘morality is easy because cognition is easy. Where one can do right
with no effort because he can detect the obvious

— Philip K. Dick, The Man in High Castle

All false elements introduced into a character's setting
shouldbe described convincingly, unlesstheyaretoofantastical
to fool anyone. During the Quiet episode, the Storyteller,
actingas the player's senses, must give false information aft
‘were true. Only by observing the reactions of other people, or
by making a specific effort to determine the origin of some-
thing, can a mage realize the unreal nature of a Quiet element.

The mage can also "force" himselfto disbelieve by spend-
ing apoint of Willpower and making a Perception + Intuition
roll (difficulty 7). Three successes are needed for definite
answers. Any lesser amount leaves the matter ambiguous. A
botched roll leaves the mage convinced that the illusory
clement is real (ora real element is illusory). Borches, failed

rolls and ambiguous successes against false elements during a
"scrutiny roll" all lend thar element a degree of power (see
Hobgobiins, below). Elements may only be scrutinized once,
and the results are believed thereafter unless the mage spends
cone (or more) Willpower points.

Active confrontational elements arising in Quiet may
also be "scrutinized" as above. These rolls, however, are more
along the lines of banishment. If they fail, the target must be
faced. If a mage knows she faces an illusory danger, she can
attempt to work magick intemally. In effect, she withdraws
into a catatonic state and deals with the problem within her
mind — vulgar magick may be used, and the effects will not
affect the mundane world in any way.

‘Once a mage draws her foes into her mind in this way, she
hhas committed to the struggle of the mindscape, which is
described below.

Hobgoblins

Should the mage fal to disperse an illusory element of her
‘Quiet, thar element may actually become real. Such illusions-

any form, from inanimate objects to"
hobgoblinsbecomesomethingakin tospiritsmanifestedin the
physical world, acting with an intelligence of thei Some
hobgoblinsare extremely dangerous. The Traditions generally
hold their mages responsible forthe actions of any hobgoblins
birthed from a mage's Quiet.
Whenever a mage fails to dishel
element, the Storyteller can opt to ha nt become
a hobgoblin. The element then enters the real world and can

ge- Hobgoblin
rare, however, and Storytellers may choose to employ them.
‘only in instances when a mage botches her disbelief roll.

Mindscape

The only way for a mage to deal with active confronta-
tional elements (orany persisting elements the mage desires to
remove) of Quiet is to enter the stage of the Quiet known as
the mindsca

To achieve a mindscape, the mage must enter a trance
state. The mage mustmakea Wits + Enigmas roll (difficulty 4)
to determine the length of his catatonia. The number of
successes rolled is compared to the table below.

In the mindscape stage, the mage's physical body remains
inacatatonic state —from whence the Quiet derives ts nan
— while her mind battles its intemal demons. In play, this
dream is handled as a bit of wildly creative storytelling that
ends only when the episode of Quiet ends.

A mage trapped in a mindscape for longer than aday may
try to communicate with people in the real world every so
often. A successful Perception + Awareness rol (difficulty 7),
or the expenditure of a Willpower point, allows the mage to
communicate. Three successes allow clear communication;
fewer indicate correspondingly greater degrees of unintelligi-
bility. The maximum length of each communication, in


1 A few false inanimate elements (suchas
letters or paintings) appear intermit-
tently but repeatedly.

i) A false environmental feature appears
that is unique, but not harmful (a light
drizzle, things seem much louder, etc.).

3 Illusory objects appear; these delusions

don'tconfrontthemage, butwouldreact
orrespond ifapproached (pettingasleep-
ing dog, talking to a peanut salesman,
working a calculator).
lar,andevenmoreinteractive. Itbecomes
very difficult to tell reality from false-
hood.

5 Thingsthatdemand the mage'sreaction
insomeway, butarenotdangerous (such
as flies buzzing around the head, some-
oneknockingon thedoor, etc.), begin to
appear.

6 ‘Some actual items disappear from the
mage's reality (such as a favorite book-
storeorafamily member). Ifencountered
directly, these things will not be remem-
bered or will appear as something else.

7 Potentiallyharmfulchangestothemage's
surroundingsappear(musicloudenough
to deafen, no sunlight in the daytime,
broken glass on the ground, etc.).

8 The mage is confronted with potential
dangers (such as a growling pit bull, a
mugger, or a speeding bus).

9 The mage constantly encounters
fantastical events (houses caught in tor-

nadoes)andsupematuralcreatures(such
as minotaurs and dragons).

10+ Reality is completely altered.

minutes, equals the mage's Intelligence. A mage may only
attempt such communication once per period of time equal to
the units ofher incarceration. For example, a mage stuck in her
mindscape for "weeks" may try tocommunicate once per week.

Successes Period of Catatonia

0 years

1 months

2 weeks
3.5 days

6 hours

Ui minutes

8+ seconds

ao eet rn EB

Chapter


There are as many different ways fora character
to sustain injuries as there are injuries, but in
Mage injuries are described in one way: the
Health Trait. A player records injuries in terms
of Health Levels; each wound causes the loss of
one Health Level. Simply check off Health
Levels as the character loses them, so the last
check made indicates the character's current
Health Level. As the character regains Health
Levels, erase the check marks.

Think of Health as a spectrum with Bruised at one end
and Incapacitated at the other. As a character takes more
wounds, she travels down the spectrum until she finally
reaches Incapacitated. When she heals, she simply removes
the checks one by one, until she is again in perfect health.

Each success onan opponent's damage roll indicatesa loss
of one Health Level. If a foe scores two successes, the player
checks off two Health Levels, starting with Bruised and going
down to Hurt. If a mage takes damage beyond the Incapaci-
tated Level, she dies. Once a mage dies, her Avatar flees into
the spirit world, there to be reconstituted and reintroduced
into the human race as new people are born.

It is more difficult for an injured character to perform
regular actions. Listed next to each Health Level on the
character sheet isa penalty number. This number is subtracted
from all the character's Dice Pools. For example, a mage who
is Wounded would have two fewer dice to roll onall Dice Pools
as long as her condition remains Wounded. This subtraction
teflects the crippling effects of the wounds the character has
received.

Healing

The human body has an amazing ability to repair itself.
Given time and proper health care, humans can recover
Health Levels based on the chart below. Note that the time
given is how long it takes to recover that particular Health
Level — other Levels must also be healed. Thus, if the
character takes three months to recover from being Mauled,
she must still take the time to heal Wounded, Injured and so
on.

Of course mages have other means of healing normal
injuries. The Sphere of Life has a variety of magickal effects
that accelerate the body's healing ability (see Chapter Seven).
Healing magick can even be performedas coincidental magick:
the bullet only grazed a rib, or hita lucky whiskey flask that the
mage just happens to be carrying in her chest pocket (even
though she never drinks, and that shirt didn't have a chest
pocket before...

Aggravated Wounds

Mages occasionally suffer wounds so terrible that even
magick will not heal them. These wounds are called aggra-
vated wounds, and a mage can only heal them through the
painfully slow natural process (as shown on the Normal
Healing Time chart above), or by using vulgar magick and
spending a point of Quintessence per Health Level healed.
Common sources of aggravated wounds include certain
Nephandi attacks, the claws of vampires and werewolves,
weapon Talismans, and the nastier Paradox spirits.

Aggravated wounds should be indicated on the character
sheet with an X rather than a check.

Death

When a person reaches Incapacitated, she is one Health
Level away from death. If she is injured one more time, or if it
is impossible to stem the flow of blood from her body, she will
die.

Sources of Injury

There are many ways to inflict harm upon a character.
These sources of injury are described below. Note that damage
to mages is applied exactly like damage to Sleepers. Only after
damage has been calculated does the player get to reduce the
effects with magick, provided the damage is not aggravated.

Combat

Combat wounds are covered at length in Chapter Nine.
Each success on a damage roll causes the character to lose one
Health Level.

Disease

Mages can catch and even transmit human diseases, but
generally do not die from them, for they have miraculous
recuperative powers. Health Levels lost to disease are assumed
to be normal wounds. Once they are healed, the person is
cured. Some very severe diseases must be treated as aggravated

Normal Healing Times

Health Level

Time

Bruised One day
Hurt Three days
Injured One week
Wounded One month
Mauled Three months
Crippled Three months


wounds — the mage's coincidental miraculous recovery must
take a certain amount of time. The only other option is vulgar
magick (and wasted Quintessence).

Falling

Occasionally, characters will fall. Use the chart below to
calculate damage. Characters can make Stamina rolls to try to
"soak" damage. The difficulty is an eight; each success means
one fewer Health Level is lost (the mage happens to fall into
the passing garbage truck, etc.). Each botch means an addi-
tional Health Level is lost.

Fire

Any size flame can potentially harm a character. The
player may roll a number of dice equal to the character's
Stamina rating against the difficulties listed below. The player
must roll each turn the character is in the flames to see if she
can resist the damage. If the roll fails, the character takes from
one to three Health Levels of damage (see the second chart
below), while if the roll succeeds, the character takes one fewer
Health Level of damage per success than she normally would.
If the roll is botched, the character is harmed in some special
way — perhaps she loses her eyesight or her limbs are maimed.

Ane

Distance (in feet) Injury

Five: One Health Level
Ten: Two Health Levels
Twenty: Three Health Levels
Thirty: Four Health Levels
Forty: Five Health Levels
Fifty: Six Health Levels
Sixty: Seven Health Levels

and so on, to a maximum of 10 Health Levels.

Difficulty Heat of Fire
Three Heat of a candle (first-degree burns)

Five Heat of a torch (second-degree burns)

Seven Heat of a Bunsen burner (third-degree
burns)

Nine Heat of a chemical fire

Ten Molten metal

Wounds Size of Fire

One Torch; part of body burned

Two Bonfire; half of body burned

J ietiaan

ect



There's always been ints
don't we? We want a mathen

probabilities of specific future developments under th
that. Ifncuition suffices to guide us, we don't need psychoh

at all

n. We want something more

atical reatment that will give us

Isaac Asimov, Forward the Foundation

‘Therearemanyactionsaplayermightwanttc

acum — jumpafence, seduce amortal or research werewolves

in the library. As the Storyteller,

ui already know the rules
{from reading Chapter Four), and can probably figure out how
two adjudicate the player's roll, but there are a few techniques
and variations on the rules that you might find interesting
‘That's what this chapter is all about — it provides advice on
rales systems for resolving dramatic actions.

This chapter is not meant to be all-inclusive. These
systems are only examples of how to resolve the actions taken
by characters. Use these as examples and invent your own
systems for running thingsas you'd like. Don't stop the action
in the middle of a dramatic scene to look up something in this
chapter — just make something up, perhaps based on a rules

system you first encountered here.

Only if roll is truly needed should you use one of the
systems described in this chapter. Ifthe roll in question
simple roll, none of these systems are needed. If you're

story, use the automatic success rules. Goto the Traits Chapter
and, by reading about the Trait in question, determine if the
character is successful or not, without rolling any dice. You
may not want toroll dice if youdon't have to:
sgetin the way. However, there are occ

they can really
jons when rolling dice
e, as Lady Luck makes her appear

adds tension and suspe

Asa general rule, have the player make a roll only when
there is substantial doubt in your mind as to whether the
character will succeed in her action or not. If you can reason.
ably assume she will succeed, then just let her do it

‘When you do start making rolls and have the players do
the same, make the rolls special and make them different.

Don't waste a lot of rime on a de roll that doesn't do anything
special for the story, or is uninteresting for you or the players.
Each roll of the dice should be a game in miniature, with

strategy and tactics to master and luck to inject the unex
pected.


Ascene isamomentinastory when the troupe focuses on
the events at hand and roleplays through them as if they were
actually occur. A scene may only require roleplaying and a lot
of conversation between players and Storyteller, or it may
involve a number of different actions, some requiring die rolls.
A scene is like a series of shots taken in a movie, in the
same location and at the same moment in the story. It is the
essense of roleplaying, when players are in their roles and
describe their characters' reactions to events rather than
explain what they intend to do.

You should do everything you can to make the scenes in
your story as dramatic, complete and fulfilling as possible. The
more you give each scene an exciting start, an action-packed
middle and a fulfilling end (or a strategically frustrating one),
the better your story is.

Describe the scene not as static picture, but asa place ot
time full of life and action. It should have its own existence
apart from the characters. The gang leader does not simply sit
ata table—while the charactersare watching he calls over one
of his henchmen and begins to berate him. Create an open-
ended story in yourdescriptionsand invite the players' characters
toenter it. Don't force the players to animate your creation —
breathe life into it from the very first.

Time in the story not spent ina scene is called downtime.
This can be when characters conduct extensive research,
travel, or can simply be periods that players don't want to
roleplay every moment of. Downtime is a break from the
intensity of the scene. Though you normally want to spend as
little time as possible in downtime (generally it's relatively
boring), you shouldn't avoid it altogether. Use downtime to
organize players, direct the story more precisely, and progress
the plot more quickly.

The story can turn into a scene at almost any time. Often
it does so quite naturally, without anyone realizing it has
happened. For instance, while you discuss with players how
their characters intend to make a journey to Chicago, youmay
begin to describe what they see along the way. You have gone
from downtime toa scene. When you begin roleplaying an old
man who walks up to them and asks for change, you have
completely immersed them in the scene. By simply roleplaying
without warning, you jump-start the players into their roles,
instantly beginning a scene.

Turns

A scene is divided into turns in order to organize and
structure the arrangement of events. A turn isa variable period
of time during which characters can do things. It helps the
Storyteller keep track of what is going on and ensures thateach
player gets the same chance todo something. In one turn, each
character should be able to do one thing. Additionally, each
player should be given about the same amount of time to


describe what she wants her character to do. Each turn, go
around the table in order of initiative (see below), give each
player an opportunity to state an action, and then go to the
next person. When you get to yourself, describe the actions of
the non-player characters.

Even if doing so might not make complete sense, you
should use the turn structure pretty loosely. You might, for
example, let someone climb a tree while someone else fires a
gun, even though in normal circumstances climbing a tree
usually takes a minute, and shooting a gun takes only three
seconds. Adrenaline makes people do amazing things, afterall.

Multiple Actions

A character can perform multiple actions in a turn (such
as running and shooting a gun), but he has to divide his dice.
To split a Dice Pool between two different actions, the
character takes the dice from the action at which the character
is least skilled (the one with the smallest Dice Pool) and
divides that Pool among all the actions he wishes to perform.

Ifthe character moves while taking other actions ina turn
(such as firing a gun), he may do so simply by taking away one
die from the Pool for every three yards he moves. Movement
isalready considered in the rules for dodging, socharacters who
dive for cover accrue no extra penalty.

Characters with multiple actions take their first action in
their normal order of initiative (unless they delay). They may
take no more than one action at this time. After all characters
have completed their first (or only) action, characters with
more actions may take their second action, again in order of
initiative. After everyone has taken a second action, play
proceeds with the third and subsequent actions in order of
initiative, as above. While characters may delay their action,
they must take it before the rest of the characters move on to
their next action, or it is lost. However, characters can always
use dice to dodge as longas there are any dice left in their Pools.

Action Scenes

Bq Many scenes are so full of actions and dice rolls
that they require special rules to make sure
everythingrunssmoothly. These are times when
} adrenaline is racing and pacing is fast. Action
scenes are the fights, races and feats of danger
common toadventure stories. During an action
scene, the turns are usually very short, lasting
only three seconds or so. Most of the systems
described in this chapter occur during action
scenes and use action turns.

Many different types of actions can occur in an action
scene, and correlating everything can seem a little tricky. Let
a character do nearly anything she cares to try, even if you
assign a difficulty of 10.

Make sure you carefully describe where everyone is in the
scene, as well as what cover is available and how far it is from

ti rie


characters. Otherwise, you will have to describe the scene over
and hear complaints like, "Wait a minute, you didn't say
anyone was over there!" You may also want to describe the
environmental conditions and how they might affect the
scene. Rain, wind and smoke can affect many rolls.

Organizing an Action
Turn

Just as turns organize a scene, so there are different stages
of each tur. Still, you will probably not need to subdivide
tums unless they are action turns. Though you need not go
‘exactly by these stages, look over thislist to get ideas abouthow
you can organize things when the action gets hot. The better
you've organized a scene, the more smoothly it will goand the
‘more fun everyone will have.

* Describing the Scene

‘At the beginning of each turn, you should describe the
scene from the characters' perspective. You may want to
suggest what the characters' opponents might be about to do,
butdo not actually describe what will happen. Sometimes this,
will be a wrap-up of the last turn, making it clear to all players
what occurred. This sort of constant description is essential if
you wane to avoid confusion.

‘Thisis your chance to organize and arrange things so that
all goessmoothly when the players begin to interact with what

you have set up. You will want to make your description as
interesting as possible, leaving open all sorts of possibilities for
characters' actions.

The players need to roll for initiative (see Initiative,
below) ro determine the order in which their characters will
act. In especially complicated situations, you can have the
players describe to you what their characters intend to do that
‘urn, starting with the player who rolled the lowest initiative.
This statement of intentcanhelp youclarfy in your own mind
wharis going on, but itslows things down, soavoid ir if youcan,
If you wish to be particularly free-spirited, eliminate the
initiative roll altogether and have the characters act in what-
‘ever order you wish; e. the distance you hear sirens, and
sce that the street punk at the end of the alley seems to have
noticed themas well. He wins the initiativeand sprints toward
the fence. What are you going to de

* Decision Stage

Going in reverse order of initiative (if the players made
initiative rolls), have each player explain what her character
intends todoand how she intends to go about it. Ifyoudid not
call for initiative rolls, simply go around the table from left to
right, or in order of character Wits, or using whatever consis-
tent method you like. You then decide how you want toresolve
the action — what kind of roll each player will make, the
dificult ofthe roll, and the numberof successes needed. You
can make the process as simple or as complicated as you like;


e.g. "If you want to catch him before he gets over the fence, you
need to make a Dexterity + Athletics roll. You need to score
six successes to catch up with him, but he only needs three
more to get over the fence."

*Resolution Stage

This is when the players roll to see whether their charac-
ters succeed or fail. The players roll dice to attempt the actions
they described in the preceding stage.

Atthe end of the tum, you need to summarize everything
by describing what happened, translating all dice rolls into
description, plot and story. Don't simply say, "You manage to
hit the bad guy for three Health Levels of damage." Get more
graphic and say, "After ducking away to the left, you sweep
across with your fist and strike him alongside the head. Your
hand stings, but you've broken his nose and wounded him for
three Health Levels."; e.g. " With a great burst of speed and a
daring leap over a garbage can, you race down the alley after
him. Next turn you will be able to make a grab at him before
he gets away completely. However, yousee a police cruiser pull
in around the comer of the alley."

vey ogy
Initiative

At the beginning of most scenes, you need to figure out
who goes first. Rolling for initiative is the best way to decide the
order in which players will take their turns for the remainder
of the fight. Sometimes it will be obvious who goes first, such
as when an ambush was set or one person is clearly caught by
surprise. In combat, however, if you intend to let the oppo-
nents have a free shot at the characters, you should not simply
spring it on the players. Let them make Perception rolls
(difficult ones) to see ifcharacters notice something just before
the bad guys open up. Otherwise, you'll have a pack of whining
jackals on your hands. The difficulty depends on how well the
ambush was set (usually 8 or so). The number of successes the
players score indicates the number of dice they can roll on their
first actions (usually dodges).

Inanormal situation, each player makes an initiative roll,
and you do so for each of the opponents. Everyone involved
makes a Wits + Alertness roll (or you can have them roll Wits
+ Brawl, Melee, Firearms or any appropriate Ability). The
difficulty is usually four — characters with the most successes
go first and ties go simultaneously. Characters who fail act after
those who succeeded last. A botch on an initiative roll means
the character does not get to act that turn — his gun jams, he
stumbles and cannot punch or dodge.

The two basic actions characters can take without mak-
ing rolls include:

* Yielding: The character allows the person with the
next highest initiative to take his action, thereby yielding her
turn. She can still take her action at the end of the tum. If
everyone, including her opponents, yields as well, no one does
anything that turn.

* Moving: The character may move by walking, jogging
orrunning. If she walks, she may move seven yards. If she jogs,
she may move 12 yards + Dexterity. Ifshe runs, she may move
20 yards + (3 x Dexterity). No roll is required, but this
movementis the only action the character can perform in that
turn. In some situations, it can be hazardous to jog or run, and
aroll might be required to maintain balance when there is glass
on the ground or bullets are raining down. If the character
wants to run away from the conflict or encounter, she must
dodge unless she is not in the field of fire or hindered in any
way.

All sorts of other actions might require rolls. Some are
listed here:

Attack: A character may decide to fire his weapon or
strike someone. The roll made depends on the attack; for
instance, a Firearms attack requiresa Dexterity + Firearms roll.

Climb: Thisaction requires a Dexterity + Athletics roll.

© Dodge: A dodge not only allowsa character to avoid an
attack, but altogether removes him from the line of attack. A
charactercan make a Dodge roll right after someone tries to hit
him, thereby (hopefully) avoiding the blow.

© Get to feet: It takes a turn to get up from the ground
without having to make a roll. If a character wants to do this
in addition to her other actions, she has to take dice from her
announced action and attempt to score at least one success on
a Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty at least 4).

Leadership: A character may give commands to follow-
ers and have them obeyed with appropriate Charisma (or
Manipulation) + Leadership rolls.

© Reload gun: This can be done in a single turn with a
preloaded clip.

Research: A character may try to look up a vital piece
of information in a book using the Investigation Ability.
Though this would likely take longer than three seconds, in
the interest of drama, you may wish to suspend reality a bit.

© Start a car: This action doesn't require a roll at all,
unless a character is hot-wiring it.

© Sneak up on enemy: This action usually requires a
Dexterity + Stealth roll.

© Unjam gun: This action can normally be performed in
a single turn with a Wits + Firearms roll.


Dramatic
| Systems

T wish we could play ina gym without any people and try to play
the perfect game where you don't make any mistakes and maybe if
there's a mistake it's of omission, not commission, and everything
is done at the right moment, at the right time, and each decision is the
right one and everyone can ride the decision-making wave.

— Sam Smith quoting Coach Phil Jackson,
The Jordan Rules

Described below are a variety of different sys-
tems to resolve actions, or, to put it simply, a
bunch of ways to make rolls. If you prefer to
roleplay through dramatic scenes, just use these
systems as suggestions of what sorts of things
can happen during the scene. There are a few
a] more examples of Physical dramatic systems
| than any other kind because these actions are
Ed impossible to resolve purely through roleplaying.
Social and Mental systems can be simulated by the players.

Physical

These systems describe physical actions and confronta-
tions — dramatic situations in which Physical Attributes
predominate.

Climbing

Whena character attempts to climb any sort of surface (a

24 tree, cliff or building), ask the player to roll the character's
-t Dexterity + Athletics. The difficulty depends on the sheerness
9 of the climbing surface, the type of surface being climbed and,
es toa lesser extent, the weather conditions. Each success indi-
"y cates that the character has climbed five feet. Once he
hy: accumulates enough successes to get to where he wants to go,

he can stop rolling. For example, Reynold is trying to climb a
25-foot wall, so he needs five successes to get to the top. A
failure indicates the character is unable to make any progress
during the turn. A botch indicates the character falls and
cannot again attempt to climb without expending a Will-
power point.

Climbing Difficulties

2 Easy climb: a tree with many stout branches

4 Simple climb: a cliff with many handholds

6 — Straightforward: a tree with thin branches

8 Treacherous: very few handholds

10 Extremely difficult: a nearly sheer surface

Coincidences: a rope or ladder is nearby; the tree has alow
limb; the wall has available hand- and footholds; there's a fire
escape on the side of the building.


Feats of Strength

A character's Strength is often used alone, without an
Ability, in actions where brute force is all that matters. This
system works on the same basis as automatic successes. If the
character's Strength equals or exceeds the difficulty of the task
he is attempting, he succeeds automatically. Only if the
difficulty is higher than his Dice Pool must he make a roll.

When the character makes the roll, however, it is based
on Willpower, not Strength. It isa simple roll, so the character
gets only one chance to make it. The difficulty is almost always
anine, though it can vary according to the surface conditions,
the wieldiness of the object being lifted, and Storyteller whim.
Each success pushes the character's effective Strength up one
step on the chart below (to a maximum of five). Thus, if the
character has a Strength of four, but wants to flip over acar, she
needs three successes on the Willpower roll to do it.

Dice Pool Feats Lift

1 Crush a beer can 40 Ibs

Z Break a chair 100 Ibs
3 Break down a wooden door 250 Ibs
4 Break a 2" x 4" 400 Ibs
5 Break open a metal fire door 650 Ibs
6 Throw a motorcycle 800 Ibs
7 Flip over a small car 900 Ibs
8 Break a three-inch lead pipe 1000 Ibs
So Punch through a cement wall 1200 Ibs
10 Rip open a steel drum 1500 Ibs
11 Punch through 1" sheet metal 2000 Ibs
12 Break a metal lamp post 3000 Ibs
13 Throw a car 4000 Ibs
14 Throw a van 5000 Ibs
15 Throw a truck 6000 Ibs

Coincidences: the chest is lighter than it looks; the door
is unlocked or made of rotten wood; the pipe has stress
fractures; the car is packed with boxes, but only on one side so
it's much heavier and leans that way anyway.

Jumping

Jumping requiresa Strength roll, ora Strength + Athletics
roll if it is a horizontal jump and the character gets a decent
running start. The difficulty for a jump is almost always three
(unless there are difficult weather conditions or there is a
narrow landing space). The Storyteller calculates how many
successes are required to make the jump. There are no partial
successes in jumping; the character either succeeds in one roll,
or she falls.

If necessary, you can use the chart below. The number of
successes required is based on the number of feet that must be

jumped and whether the character is jumping horizontally or
vertically (see the chart below).

Type of Jump Feet per Success

Vertical (up) z

Horizontal (across) 4

Coincidences: there's a springboard present; you catch a
good updraft.

Repair

Getting something fixed is not always as easy as taking it
to the garage; sometimes the task has to be performed oneself.
When a character wishes to fix any sort of mechanical imple-
ment, he must roll Dexterity + Repair. The difficulty is
determined by the complexity of the task (see the chart
below). Before the job can be considered complete, a certain
number of successes must be collected, usually between two
and 20. Each roll means that a certain amount of time is spent
— whatever the demands of the story require. A botch
indicates that the device is somehow damaged in the attempt.

This system can be fun to use during combat, as one
character desperately tries to start the car while the othershold
off the Technomancer HIT Marks.

Job Difficulty # of Successes
Simple mechanical repair 4 3
Soldering job 5 2
Electronic malfunction 5 5
Fitting in new part 6 10
Repair stalled car 6 5
Tough auto repair 7 10
System overhaul 8 20

Technical glitch 9 2

Coincidences: the engine was just overheated — it starts
fine now; floater needle becomes unstuck; the battery wires
were just loose; a good kick starts 'er right up; it was only
unplugged.

Shadowing

Sometimes a character will want to follow someone. In
order to be led somewhere interesting, this needs to be done as
discreetly as possible. That is what shadowing is all about —
following someone without him knowing the character is
there.

There are two components toshadowing—keeping track
of where the subject is and making sure he doesn't see his tail.
Shadowing can be conducted on foot or in vehicles. Rolls can
even be made if someone else is driving, such as a taxi driver
— "I'm sorry, but I can't remember the address — you'll just
have to follow my directions. Take a right at the comer. No,
wait, a left!"

The character attempting toshadow must makeaPercep-
tion + Investigation (or possibly Streetwise) roll. The difficulty
is normally a six (though it can vary from five to nine
depending on the thickness of crowds, relative speeds of
vehicles and weather conditions). Each success indicates that


the target has been followed for a turn. A certain number of
successes is required to follow the subject all the way to his
destination. A failure indicates that the character has tempo-
rarily lost the subject, but can try again next turn. If she gets
a second failure, she has lost the subject completely and the
chase is off (unless she can come up with a new approach). A
botch indicates that not only does the character completely
lose the subject, but she is so involved in shadowing that she
gets into trouble of her own —a gang tries to beat her up, she
falls into an open manhole, or she has a car accident.

Though the Perception roll is the most important aspect
of shadowing, a Stealth roll must also be made to see if the
subject notices he is being followed. Each tum the Perception
roll is made, the Stealth roll must be made as well. The player
must roll Dexterity + Stealth (or Dexterity + Drive if the
character is in a vehicle).

The difficulty is the subject's Perception + Alertness, but
it can be modified by +/- 3, depending on the circumstances
(empty streets or thick crowds, for instance). A single success
indicates the shadower is not detected, and each success also
makes it more difficult for the subject to spot the shadower,
even if he is actively looking. A failure indicates the subject
becomes suspicious and starts to surreptitiously glance over his
shoulder (and may make Perception rolls of his own; see
below). A botch indicates the character completely reveals
herself and the subject now knows he is being followed.

If the subject is alerted somehow (by the shadower's
failure on the Dexterity + Stealth roll above), or simply looks
to see if he is being followed (out of habit perhaps), roll
Perception + Investigation (or Streetwise). The difficulty is
the Stealth + 5 of the character who is shadowing. Each
success on this roll indicates a higher degree of suspicion.
Successes can be accumulated from turn to turn; see the chart
below to see how alert the subject is to the fact that he is being
followed. A failure means nothing out of the ordinary is seen
and the suspicion value of the subject decreases to zero. A
botch means the subject is convinced he isn't being followed
and no longer looks behind him.

Successes Suspicion
Hunch
Suspicion
Near-certainty
Positive knowledge
The shadower has been spotted

Buddy System: Two or more characters can share shad-
owing responsibilities by trading off. However, they must have
previously worked/trained together in this technique, or the
difficulty on all rolls for the pair is one higher. One player
shadows for a turn or more, and then trades off whenever her
partner gives the signal. If the pair switches off, the subject
can't accumulate successes for very long, which makes it much.
harder for the subject to spot shadowers.

Ubwne

Coincidences: you see your shadower reflected in store
window; the guy you thought you'd given the slip made the

same wrong turn you did; he gets caught in a traffic circle; a
truck breaks down between you and him.

Stunt Driving

This system is used to determine the outcome of nearly
any type of automobile chase or maneuver. Dice rolls in chases
are not only made to see how fast a driver goes, but also to see
if she stays on the road or not. Each vehicle is rated for its
maximum safe driving speed, as well as its maneuverability.
One vehicle is not always as fast as another nor as maneuver-
able, so the details of the chase often depend on the make of
the vehicle (see the chart below).

Acharactercan make special maneuvers in order to catch
orlose another vehicle, such as spinning around a tight corner,
doing a 180° turn, or wheeling about to block a road. Essen-
tially, one character makes a special maneuver and the other
character must copy that maneuver by making the same or an
approximate roll.

The player must roll Dexterity (or perhaps Perception) +
Drive. However, the maximum number of dice that can be
tolled is the Maneuverability rating of the vehicle. The
difficulty of the maneuver and the speed of the car determine
thedifficulty. Youshould give each maneuver a basic difficulty
from 2-7, and then designate a speed at which it can be
completed at that difficulty. This is most often the Safe Speed,
but can be much less depending on how complicated or tight
themaneuveris. The difficulty goes up by one forevery 10mph
the vehicle exceeds that speed while performing the maneu-
ver. The driver decides how fast her vehicle performs the
maneuver, although she will not always be able to slow down
enough to avoid a crash or collision.

Vehicle Safe Speed Max Speed Maneuver
6-wheel truck 60 90 3
Bus 60 100 3
18-wheeler 70 110 4
Sedan 70 120 5
Mini-van 70 120 6
Compact 70 130 6
Sporty compact 100 140 1
Sport coupe 110 150 8
Sports car 130 170 9
Formula One race car 140 240 10

Coincidences: that truck ramp was in the right place at
the right time; driving on two wheels is easy when the road
slopes up with you; you slingshot off another car — too bad for
the other guy; thank God for anti-lock brakes.

Pursuit

This simple system is used when one character attempts
to catch another. One opponent starts with a certain number
of successes. This number is either determined by the Story-
teller (this is the preferred method) or by having the pursued
character roll Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6) for each turn
of headstart on the pursuer and add up the number of successes

achieved. This number of successes must be collected by the
other character before he can catch up. Once he does, he can
try to grapple the fleeing person (see the combat rules). The
pursuermightonly want to catch up halfway, just toget a better
shot at the fleeing character.

Coincidences: the other person is tripped or blocked; an
alley leads to adead end if the mage is the pursuer; there are too
many possible directions that the pursued mage may take for
the chase to continue.

Sneaking

Whenacharacter attempts to hide in shadows orsneak up
ona guard, she must roll Dexterity + Stealth. The difficulty is
the guard's Perception + Alertness. Anyone who is on watch
or who is actively looking for intruders can be considered a
guard.

The sneaking character needs to collect acertain number
of successes in order to make it to where she wants to go. A
Perception + Stealth roll can be made if the player wants to
estimate how many successes will be needed; the difficulty for
this is usually seven.

Failure of any sort on a Stealth roll indicates detection.

Coincidences: the guard falls asleep; the lights are dim;
the shadows fall on the right places; an animal rustles else-
where to lead the guard off your track; no one set the alarm.

Social

These systems involve social interaction between people.
They nearly always require a Charisma, Manipulation or
Appearance roll. Often these systems are best left unused,
instead determining the success or failure of a particular social
interaction through roleplaying.

Seduction

Seduction isan unnatural means of gaining intimacy with
another person, because every step is carefully staged and real
feelings are not shared (they are faked). A seduction goes in
stages, and unless a person is successful in each stage in
succession, he will not be successful at all. This system is
designed to replicate the activities of a dominant person over
amore submissive one. If the emotions and motives are true,
then you should ignore this system and roleplay it out.

In many cases, depending on the Nature of the character,
Willpower can be regained if she succeeds in the seduction.
Bon Vivants, Connivers and Gallants often regain Willpower
by successfully completing a seduction.

Opening Line: The player rolls Appearance + Subter-
fuge. The difficulty is the Wits + 3 of the subject (the player
gains a bonus of 1-3 dice if it's a good line, minus 1-3 if it's a
stupid one). Each additional success, after the first, adds an
extra die to the roll on the next stage.


Witty exchange: The

ls Wits + Subterfuge. The
difficulty isthe Intelligence + 3 of ¢
bonus

c subject. Again, give

and penalties for roleplaying. Each additional success
adds an extra die to the roll on the next stage

Conversation: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy

The difficulty is the Perception +3 of the subject. Again,
roleplaying bonuses come into play here
Intimacies: At this point, the co

private area and become physically int

le may move to a
e. No roll is

required
mind him of that long-lost love;
a thing forthe thin, pale type

Coincidences: you

what anice cologne;

re a gamer, (00!

Fast Talk

This system describes a means to browbeat and confuse

someone into submission. The player must roll Manipulation
+ Subterfuge, though Charisma or Appearance can sometimes
be used, as can Acting. The difficulty is the targer's Wits +
Streetwise. Success indicates that the target becomes
fused.

The target may make whatever rolls he wishes; however,
fast talkislikely toconfuse him too much at some point totake
the appropriate action. Willpower points can be expended t0
ist fast talk. Failure indicates that the attempt has faltered,

and the target can try to get something in edgewise — an
attempt to explain himself, or perhaps attempt to fast talk

back. This attempt to say something back continues until the
subject fails or botches. A borch indicates that the target
doesn't get confused, only angry. Fast talk attempts by the
character will never again be effective on him.

Repeated rolls might be necessary to truly confuse the
target. As Storyteller, you need to run attempts a fast talk in
a way that is consistent with the mood of yout game. Itcan be
as slaphappy or as deadly serious as you like.

Coincidences: his shoe really is untied; your victim read
an article on the topic just last week; a passing stranger agrees
with you; he already owns the Brooklyn Bridge

Oration

Haplayer
want to actually give it, youcan use this system. You want her
to describe what she says, and maybe tell you a memorable
Phrase she uses — that might even get her started into
roleplayingit out. Oration isoften very dificult to roleplay, s0
never force your players to do so. Just use this system.

‘The player makes a Charisma + Leadership roll. The
difficulty depends on the mood of the crow, its willingness to
hear whatthe oratorsays,and ts penchant forthrowingrotten
vegetables. The difficulty is usually a seven. If the orator has
any sort of reputation, you may wish to adjust the difficulty
accordingly. If the character has Fame or Status among the
group beingspoken to, shecan add that ratingto her Dice Pool

ints her character togiveaspeech, butdoesn't

The number of successes indicates how impressed the crowd is

(see the following chart). It is a simple roll, so the player has
only one crack at it. A failure indicates the crowd ignores the
character. A botch indicates the character is going to be
lynched, or if that sort of thing isn't common, then booing
begins.

Successes Crowd Reaction

1 They listened, but aren't excited

2 The character has convinced them some-
what

3 The crowd is won over
The crowd is completely enthralled

5 The crowd is in the palm of the character's

hand

If the speech is vital to the story, the player may make
several rolls. If you want to spend some time on it, you can
make it an extended action, with each roll interspersed with
roleplaying. The character can spend as many turns as she
would like on the speech, but after the third turn, the difficulty
goes up each turn by one. More successes than five might be
required to completely win over the crowd.

Coincidences: most of the crowd is drunk; the micro-
phone has just the right amount of echo; the sun comes out of
the clouds just as you make your point.

Credibility

This system is used when a character attempts to con-
vince someone she is telling the truth, such as when she
attempts to persuade the jury she is not lying, or tries to
convince a police officer she is who she says she is. The player
must make a Manipulation + Leadership roll. The difficulty is
the other subject's Intelligence + Subterfuge. Lower the diffi-
culty by one to three if the character is telling the truth (itdoes
make a difference). Each success indicates a higher degree of
believability. Five successes indicate the subject is completely
convinced. A failure indicates disbelief, and a botch indicates
the character is caught in a lie (or the subject thinks he has
caught her in a lie).

Coincidences: your name is listed in the appointment
book; the officer or witness testifying against you never shows
up; your rights were never read to you; a scholarly book on the
nearby shelf has information that supports your argument
(even if wrong — don't believe everything you read).

Facedown

This system is used during facedowns, when two charac-
ters are engaged in a duel of Willpower and neither wants to
be the first to back down. No words are exchanged — the
opponents just glare at one another. Mages resort to this kind
of behavior somewhat often. They tend to have big egos and
this is one way to prove their point.

Both opponents roll Charisma + Intimidation; the diffi-
culty is the opponent's Willpower. The one who first
accumulatesas many successesas his opponent's Wits + 5 wins,
forcing the other to look away. A character can spend a

Willpower point each turn to avoid this and keep on glaring,
but he will eventually run out of Willpower.

Coincidences: the other sees something out of the corner
of his eye; he has to sneeze or has a sudden itch; she can't help
but laugh at the funny look on your face.

Interrogation

Interrogation can occur in a number of different situa-
tions. Itisa form of questioning, not torture, though intimidation
is certainly employed. Torture can be used, but you will have
to develop your own rules for that if you wish to include it in
your chronicle.

The player makesa Manipulation + Intimidation roll; the
difficulty is the victim's Willpower. The number of successes
indicates the amount of information obtained (see the chart
below). A failure indicates the character learns nothing of
value. A botch indicates the subject tells the character noth-
ing, and will never tell him anything — or worse, the subject
lies. For this reason, the Storyteller should often make the roll
for the player.

Successes _ Interrogation
Only a few mumbled facts
Some relevant facts
Much interesting information
The subject talks on and on
Everything of import is discovered

Coincidences: you say a name (guessing) and know you
got it right when the guy blanches; he has all the plans written
down ona paper in his pocket; she accidentally says the name.

URone

Performances

Thissystem is used whenever a character gives any type of
performance, whether it be comedy, music, acting or
storytelling. It can be on a stage or in a nightclub, and can be
formal or informal.

The player must roll the appropriate Attribute + Expres-
sion (or Acting). The difficulty is based on how receptive the
audience is. A failure indicates a lackluster, eminently forget-
table performance. A botch indicates a miserable performance
that cannot even be finished — the instrument breaks or the
character is booed off the stage.

The number of successes indicates how moved the audi-
ence is (see the chart below). These successes determine the
artistic merit or technical verisimilitude of the piece.

Successes Your Performance Reaction

1 Mediocre Polite applause

2 Average Approval

3 Good Genuine appreciation
4 Superior Vigorous applause

5 Exceptional Ecstatic reaction

6 Superb Immediate sensation
7 Brilliant Miracle, Magnumopus


Coincidences: you play their favorite song; you play a
song they don't know so they have no idea how it should sound;
you look like their son or a favorite actor.

Mental

These dramatic systems deal with the use of the mind and
Mental Attributes. They are employed in situations where
drama is not so much a factor of the action as it is of
psychological tension.

Research

Research is often the only way for a character to proceed
to the next stage of a story. A mage may have to investigate
matters ina library, newspaper office or through computer files
in order to obtain needed information. Research is a great way
toletacharacter with high Intelligence show off, and takes the
focus off fast-paced action.

The player rolls Intelligence + Research (orsometimes an
appropriate Knowledge Ability after a place to research has
been found). The difficulty is based upon the obscurity of the

information.

Difficulty Accessibility of Information
2 Generally available

4 Widely documented

6 Accessible

8 Difficult to find

10 Incredibly well-concealed

The number of successes determines how much the
character discovers. One success might mean that only the
most obvious facts are found, while five successes might mean
that the full (and maybe truthful) story is uncovered. Depend-
ing on the precise information the character seeks, 10 or 20
successes might be required to find all the available data.

The player might want to continue research after gaining
a partial success. However, continued research takes longer
than the initial search. Basic research usually takes only an
hour — that's the first roll. More in-depth research (and a
second roll) takes one complete day. If the player wants a third
roll, further research takes a week; a fourth roll takes a month,
a fifth roll takes a year. After that use your imagination.
Therefore, it is easy to see how some research projects can take
years oreven decades to complete. Of course, some mages have
all the time they need.

Coincidences: the library you use is a world-recognized
repository for such information; someone was researching the
same thing and left a stack of reference books piled on a desk;
it's a favorite topic of the bookstore owner so she happens to
stock material about it.

Search

Thissystem enablesa character tosearch forsomething in
a confined area, like a room. Have the player roll Perception
+ Investigation; the difficulty depends on how well concealed
the object is (usually between seven and 10). Each success

indicates more is found. Sometimes a certain number of
successes are required to find something that is well hidden. If
you want, a lower number of successes could warrant a hint or
clue from you indicating where to look, thus encouraging
roleplaying and a degree of puzzle solving. As muchas possible,
lead the player through the search step by step. Have her
describe to you where she looks. Don't let her succeed if she
doesn't specifically search in the rightarea, and let her succeed
automatically if her description is detailed enough.
Coincidences: just happens to look in the right spot the
first time; someone forgot to put it away; it falls off a shelf.

Track

Thissystem is used to track people and things by following
the physical trails they leave. The player rolls Perception +
Survival (or Investigation in the city — but tracks are rarely
left on sidewalks and pavement). The difficulty is based on
weather conditions, terrain and the age of the tracks, but
averages around eight. Each success lowers the difficulty of the
next roll by one.

The character needs to succeed for a certain number of
turns; the exact number depends on the length of the trail.
Each turn is usually about five minutes long. If the character
missesa roll, she can try again; this time, however, the difficulty
is one higher. Once it goes above 10, the character loses the
trail.

Coincidences: the ground is muddy so footprints are easy
to see; all the doors are locked from the outside so she couldn't
have gone in any of them; several people saw where he went;
the quarry stopped to rest.

Cryptology

Thissystem is used to decipher codes. The player must roll
Intelligence + Linguistics, or Intelligence + Computer if the
character is using a computer to help him crack the code. The
difficulty will normally be quite high (between 8-10, ot less if
the character usesa computer). Each success cracks more of the
code. Multiple rolls can be made to accumulate successes. It
can take anywhere from two to 20 successes to fully crack a
code, depending on how complicated it is. Each "turn" can be
from one minute to one month, depending on the needs of the
story, the intricacy of the code and the use of computers. Any
failure indicates all collected successes are lost and the decod-
ing process must restart from the beginning. A botch indicates
total failure; the job can never be attempted again, or the
character has misdeciphered the code.

To create a code, a character must roll Intelligence +
Linguistics three times (difficulty 5). The total number of
successes indicates the number of successes it takes to crack the
code.

Coincidences: a baby's gurgling gives you a clue; you
guessed that password during Trivial Pursuit™ yesterday; the
number is the same as your birthday.

You are in the Lear jet, me I'm in the Jumbo

Coming through the skies
Coming through the skies
Yeah, coming at each other

Tilrip you to shreds
Pip you to shreds

T''m making soup from your bones.
—Julian Cope, "Slow Rider"

‘Combatin Mageattempts to capture the drama
of violent conflict without downplaying the
grim reality of what is going on. We have made
every effort to create a system tue to the
dynamics, limitations and viciousness of real
combat, while still leaving room for the unique
elements mages bring tot
Thereare three typesof combat allofwhichuse
the same basic system, yet have some minor
differences. They are the firefight, melee and brawl. However,
Iso cast magick; see Chapter Seven for the rules
ick use in combat
© A firefight is any type of armed combat using projectile
Unis and sawed-off shotguns. Oppo-
nents normally need to be within sight of each other in onder
to engage ina firefight.

© Meleereferstofighting with hand weapons —anything
from broken bottles to silver axes. Opponents ned to be
within one ot two yards of each other in order to engage in
melee.

© A brawl describes a hand-to-hand battle fought with
bare hands—unarmed combat. Opponents need to be within
touching distance to engage in a brawl

The rolls made in combat determine whether or not an
attack succeeds, whether the target dodges and how much
damage the target suffers. Almost all combat turns are around
three seconds long, though they take somewhat longer than
that to resolve.

As with all action scenes, combat tums begin with an
ive roll. However, because combat can sometimes get a
litle sticky, divide the tum into three stages — Initiative,
Attack and Resolution — to make it easier to keep track of
things .

Stage One: Initiative

‘This stage onganizes the turn, and here characters must
declare theiractions. Characterscan takeanumber ofdifferent
actions — anything from leaping behind a wall to shouting a
waming. Each player must declare what his character isdoing
in as much detail as the Storyteller requires. At this point,
everyone needs to decide what weapon to use, if any.

Characters make initiative rolls using Wits + Alertness
Gifficulty 4, though Storytellers can vary this roll if they so
desire). The character with the most successes acts first, while
those characters who rolled fewer successes take their actions
in descending order of successes. Some characters will act
simultaneously because they rolled the same number of suc-
cesses. Those who gain no successes at all on this roll go last,
and those who botch do not get to take actions at al.
Remember to have players declare what actions they
want their characters to take during the combat tum before
going to the Attack Stage. A character splitting his Dice Pool
must also declare how many dice to allocate to each action.
Allacharacter's actions happen when itis her turn toact.
Theonly exception tothisisthe dodge, which a character can
perform at any time as long as she has dice left in her Pool.

Stage Two: Attack

The attack is the meat of the combat tum. [tis where th
successor failure of an action is determined, as is something of
its potential impact on the target.

The Roll: There are three different types of attack rolls;
the type of combat determines which one to use

© For firearms combat, roll Dexterity + Firearms.

* For melee (with weapons) combat, roll Dexterity +
Melee.

© For han
Dexterity + Brawl

The weapon or attack used by the artacker determines the
base difficulty of the oll. The number of dice rolled might be
modified by the gun's rate of fire or the use of a scope, but the
difficulty is usually only modified by the circumstances around
theattack. Ifnosuccesesare obtained, the character hasfailed
his attack and no damage is inflicted. Ifa botch is obtained,
then not only does the attack fail, but something nasty
happens; the Storyteller needs to invent something truly
awful

Dodging
‘Any time someone attacks the character, he has the
‘option of dodging. Infact, a player may announce at any time
that her characteris using an action (or part of it, by dividing

hhand (without weapons) combat, roll


her Dice Pool) to dodge, simply by declaring "Dodge!" before
the opponent makes an attack roll. In some cases a dodge may
not be allowed, such as in confined quarters or in situations
where the character has been surprised. The required roll is
Dexterity + Dodge; each success subtracts one success from the
attacker's roll.

The difficulty to dodge melee or brawling attacks is a base
six, plus one for every opponent after the first.

In firefights, the difficulty depends on the availability of
nearby cover behind which a character can dive to avoid
getting hit. Each success removes one of the opponent's
successes. A character can even take away successes from
different opponents, though this means splitting successes
between them. After such a dodge attempt, the character
usually ends up behind some sort of cover or, at the very least,
lying on the ground (if there was no cover to be found).

The difficulty to dodge during firefights is determined by
the proximity of cover.

Difficulty Terrain

2 By moving back half step, the character
is back under full cover.

4 Full cover within diving distance (one
yard)

6 Full cover within running distance (three
yards)

7 Partial cover within running distance
(three yards)

8 Flat and featureless, no cover (the charac-

ter dives to the ground)

Stage Three:
Resolution

In this stage, characters determine the damage inflicted
by theirattacksand the Storyteller describes what occurs in the
turn. Itisa mixture of game and story, for though the dice never
lie, the Storyteller must interpret what luck has decreed.

Damage: Each weapon or attack allows the wielder to roll
acertain number of dice in order tocause damage (difficulty 6).
Each success causes the target to lose one Health Level.
Additionally, each success scored with a firearm (after any
dodge) adds one die to this damage roll. Melee and brawling
successes do not add to the damage.

Soak: A target may make a roll to see how much damage
she "soaks up" because of her natural hardiness. The target rolls
Stamina (difficulty 6); each success reduces the damage by
one.

Exception: Damage and soak rolls are two rolls in Mage
that cannot be botched.

Complications

A number of factors determine whether an attack hits or
not. Smart combatants head for cover as soon as bullets start


flying. Others find that ganging up on one foe in a brawl never
hurts. The following modifiers delineate many of the variables
that affect combat.

General Complications

© Changing Actions: Ifa character changes her declared
action after the turn has started, the difficulty for the new
action increases by one. Generally, the Storyteller should only
allow the character to change her declared action if events
have made it impossible. "Yes, I know I said my character
would jump into the car, but that Technomancer just blew it
up!"

¢ Immobilization: If a target is immobilized (e.g., held
down by someone), but still struggles, the difficulty for the
attack roll is lowered by two. However, if the target is com-
pletely immobilized (e.g., is tied up or magically paralyzed),
then no roll is required and the attack succeeds automatically.

Firefight Complications

© Range: Getting close to one's foe is a good idea if a
character doesn't mind taking a few shots in return. The range
givenon the Firearms Table isthe weapon's medium range; the
character receivesno modifier forshootingat this range. Twice
that range is the farthest the weapon can shoot. Shots within
this range have theirdifficulties increased by one. On the other
hand, shots made at targets within a yard of the attacker are

Firefight Complications
Complication Difficulty Dice
Changing action +1 —
Immobilization 2 —
Long range +1 —
Point-blank 4 —
Lying flat +1 --
Behind pole +2 —
Behind wall 3: =
Only head exposed +4 —

~ Movement +1 —
one me +P 4
Scope — +2
Specific area of target +2 _
Mutiple shots +lfextra shot = —
Full-auto +3 +10
Three-round burst +1 +3
Spray 5 +1/yard +10

considered "point-blank"; the difficulty of a point-blank shot
is four.

© Cover: Intelligent characters use cover to protect
themselves from enemy fire. Cover increases the difficulty of


Firearms Table

Type
Example

Revolver, Hvy.
Colt Anaconda (.44 magnum)

Pistol, Hvy.
Sig P220 (.45 ACP)

SMG, Small* 7 _
Ingram Mac-10 (9mm)

Assault Rifle* 7 7
Steyr-Aug (5.56mm)

Shotgun, Semi-auto
Fianchi Law-12 (12 gauge)

is considered a long-range shot.

to full-auto or spray fire.

chamber, making the gun ready to fire.

N = cannot be hidden on one's person at all.

Difficulty Damage Range Rate Clip

Range: This is the practical range of the gun in yards. A character may fire up to double the listed range; however, that
Rate: The maximum number of bullets or three-round bursts the gun can fire in a single tum. The rate does not apply
Clip: The number of bullets that can be held in one clip or in the barrel. The +1 indicates a bullet can be held in the
Concealment: P = can be hidden in a pocket; J = can be hidden inside a jacket; T = can be hidden inside a trenchcoat;

* indicates the gun is capable of three-round bursts, full-auto fire and sprays.

Conceal

30+1 J

8+1 le

an attack depending on how much of the character's body is
still out in the open. However, though cover protects, it can
also hamper return fire, and in some rare instances it can
completely prevent any return fire. For instance, ducking out
from around a corner to shoot may increase the difficulty by
one, while watching a shootout through the cracks in a
battered wall prevents a character from firing back at all.

Cover Difficulty
Lying flat +1
Behind pole #2
Behind wall +3

Only head exposed +4
* Movement: Shooting at a moving target increases the
difficulty by one (or even more), as does shooting while

moving at any speed faster than a walk (such as firing out the
window of a speeding car).

© Aiming: A character may add her Perception rating to
her Dexterity + Firearms Dice Pool if she spends time aiming.
However, it takes one turn for each die added, and during this
time the character can do nothing but aim — it takes time and
patience to aim. Additionally, the target may not be moving
at a speed faster than a walk. Shotguns and SMGs cannot be
aimed.

If the gun has a scope, the character may add two dice to
her Pool in addition to the dice added for Perception. The
scope bonus can only be used once per shot — after the initial
three dice added in the first round (two for the scope and one
for Perception), the character continues aiming as outlined
above.

© Targeting: Aiming for a specific location (gun hand,
the heart) increases the difficulty by two.

* Multiple Shots: If a character wants to take more than
one shot in a turn, he must divide his Dice Pool into two or

Melee Weapons Table

Weapon Difficulty Damage Conceal
Sap 4 Strength P
Club 4 Suength+1  T
Knife 4 Strength +1 J
Foil 5 Strength +3 a.
Saber 6 Strength +4 T
Axe 7 Strength +5 =N
Quarterstaff_ 4 Strength +3 oN

more actions. Also, for every additional shot after the first, the
difficulty increases by one. Ten is, of course, the maximum
number to which the difficulty can be raised. A character can
only take as many shots as allowed by the rate of the firearm.

This penalty is cumulative. Thus a character adds two on
the third shot, and three on the fourth. It is not usually wise to
snap shots off blindly; the recoil always catches up with the
gunman. Using these rules, it is permissible to fire two or more
three-round bursts in asingle turn, though acharactercan only
fire on full-auto once per turn (and must reload to do it again).

¢ Full-Auto: The full-auto option is the most damaging
attack a firearm can make, as the attacker unloads the full
contents of a gun's ammunition clip within a very short time
span. However, the gun becomes a bucking bronco, difficult to
control and even harder to aim.

A character gets 10 additional dice to roll on the attack,
thus increasing the chance to hit and cause damage. However,
the difficulty is raised by two from the recoil.

Full-auto fire can only be done when a weapon has more
than half its clip remaining. Whenever a character uses the
full-auto option, he uses up the entire clip of the weapon.
Reloading takes one full action and requires the character's full
concentration (and Dice Pool).

© Three-Round Burst: The semi-auto option is the
middle ground between the full-auto and the single-shot
options, and has some of the strengths and weaknesses of both.
A burst gives the attacker three additional dice on the attack
roll. However, the recoil increases the difficulty by one.

© Spray: When on full-auto, a character can decide to
spray across an area instead of focusing on one foe. A spray uses
the extra 10 dice given by full-auto fire, but the attack has a
base difficulty of five, increased by one for every yard covered
by the spray, in addition to other modifiers.

The player divides any successes gained on the attack roll
evenly between all targets in the covered area. However, if
only one target is in the sprayed area, only half the successes
affecthim. The player then assigns any leftover successes as she
desires. If the attacker rolls fewer successes than there are
targets, the player may only assign one toa target until they are
used up. This attack also empties the clip.

The difficulty ofa dodge roll against a spray is increased by
two.

Tete

Brawling Table

Maneuver Accuracy Damage

Punch 6 Strength

Grapple 6 Strength

Kick 7 Strength +1

Body slam 7 Special; see Options
Melee and Brawling
Complications

© Multiple Opponents: Ifa character is battling multiple
opponents in close combat, that character's attack and dodge
difficulties are increased by one per opponent (to a maximum
of 10).

¢ Flank and Rear Attacks: The difficulty ofa flank attack
is lowered by one, while that of a rear attack is lowered by two.

© Grapple: An attacker can try to grab a foe, hoping to
immobilize him and subsequently crush him. If the attacker
scores more successes than the opponent's Strength, the
attacker can immobilize him. In the next round, she can begin
to inflict harm. Any character struck by this attack loses his
attacks for the current turn.

If the attacker misses altogether (by failing the Dexterity
+ Brawl roll), she is knocked down and must spend an action
getting to her feet.

Continuing to grapple during each turn after the first
requires the combatants to make opposed Strength + Brawl
rolls. Whoever accumulates more successes may immobilize
the other. If both score the same number of successes, neither
gains the upper hand this turn.

* Body Slam: A character may also try to charge forward,
hurling his weight into his opponent in an attempt to damage
her. It is possible to damage oneself with this attack, as bodies
were not meant to be used as battering rams. A characterneeds
three successes to unbalance an opponentand does one Health
Level of damage to himself for every success fewer than three.

Ifthe attack succeeds, the opponentis thrown offbalance,
and the difficulties for the rest of her actions for this round are
increased by two. Also, if the opponent does not succeed in a
Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty of the successes + 3), she
falls to the ground. The base damage done by the attacker
equals his Strength; each success scored on the attack roll
above the minimum adds one to this base. If the attacker does
not roll at least three successes, this maneuver fails; he falls to
the ground and is treated as though he had no dice left in his
Pool.


Magick in Combat

Using magick doesn't complicate combat very much at
all. Ifthe mage's effect requires use ofa Sphere for whichhestill
relies on a focus, the mage must make his initiative roll at a
higher difficulty than normal. This difficulty is determined by
the focus; see Chapter Seven for a complete listing.

If the mage does not need a focus to create the desired
magickal effect, then the usual Initiative roll is made (Wits +
Alertness, difficulty 4), and the mage may cast a spell as a
normal action. Magick willed into existence without the use
of props happens instantaneously, though some coincidences
used to explain the magick may still take time to unfold. Work
these incidents into the flow of the story as required.

Chapter Seven contains all the details of how to use
magick. Keep in mind that too many things occurring at once
can be distracting, so if you are ata tense point in the story and
a Paradox backlash is indicated, you may decide to overlook it
for now and simply declare a botch on a spell the mage casts
later (even though the mage may make that roll!).

Coincidences in Combat

While mages are not adverse to carrying guns (especially
when their weapons are enchanted Talismans), they primarily
rely on magick to subdue their foes during combat. Innumer-
able coincidental effects can occur in combat, but to get your
fiendishly clever juices flowing, a few of them are listed below.

Firefight: the bullet hit the whiskey flask in your
pocket; the opponent's gun jams; the opponent's gun is not
loaded; his shot happens to miss the lung by an inch; your shot
isthat inch closer; a bullet ricochets offseveral surfaces and hits
the gunman; the rifle's sight is crooked just enough tocompen-
sate for your bad shooting; the gun you picked up hasa full clip
or is specially modified to hold a larger clip; you trip to the
ground just as an assassin fires a bullet at you.

* Melee and Brawling: he misses you and his weapon
lodges in a door; you have a secret ankle sheath; her weapon
gets snagged in her sheath as she draws it; your shot pinches a
nerve; he falls on his funny bone; his old back pain (or war
wound) flares up; she slips on something or loses her weapon;
he has a glass jaw; blood runs into her eyes so she can't see
clearly.

© Damaging your opponent: he twists a leg (maybe it
breaks); a car swerves off the road and hits her; his brakes fail;
the fall knocks the breath out of her; a piece of Skylab hits her
on the head; the blow doesn't seem to do much, but induces
internal hemorrhaging; your punch is just right and drives
fragments of the nose into the brain; she misses you and breaks
her hand against the wall; the fence is electrocuted; a gas main
blows; there are sharks in the water; it's not a tub of water —
it's sulfuric acid; the TV blows up and sprays glass across the
room.

A character with body armor can add dice to her soak
rolls. Different types of body armor have different armor
ratings, which are the numberof extra dice rolled onasoak roll.
Certain types of armor restrict body motion, and thus penalize
the character's Dexterity rolls (any rolls involving this At-
tribute have their difficulties raised by an amount equal to the
penalty).

Armor Chart

Class Armor Rating Penalty

Class One 44 )
(reinforced clothing)

Class Two z 1
(armor T-shirt)

Class Three 3 2
(vest)

Class Four 4 3
(flak jacket)

Class Five 6 4

{full suit)


Example of Play

Story Section
Welcome, thou kind deceiver!
Thou best of thieves; who, with an easy key,
Dost open life, and, unperceived by us,
Even steal us from ourselves.
— John Dryden, "All For Love"

Rembrandt studied the large corporate building as he
crouched in the bushes. The structure was darkened glass
and glimmering steel, clawing its way into the nighttime
sky. An involuntary shiver ran down Rembrandt's spine
when he thought of the treachery which had brought him
to this Technomancer monolith.

"Are you almost ready?" he impatiently hissed at his
companion. Maximillian Gadfrey gave no response as he
flipped through several pages of parchment, chanting in
Latin and grasping his medallion of two interlocking tri-
angles.

Rembrandt nervously reached in his pocketand pulled
out his computer, just to make sure it was safe. It was small,
black and very sleek. He rubbed his hand over the smooth
plastic surface and smiled. Next to him, Max stopped
chanting. Rem had just enough time to see his colleague
grin and then they both faded from view.

"Now, my dear Virtual Adept," Max's voice issued
from thin air, "see what study and practice can achieve."
Rembrandt rolled his invisible eyes and sighed.

"How long will this last?" Rembrandt asked. "I'll need
some time at that door."

"Long enough," Max's voice insisted. "You just take
care of the cameras and electronic locks."

"Fine," Rembrandt replied quietly. "Let's do this."

Both men, cloaked in the Hermetic mage's rote of
invisibility, sprinted across the landscaped lawn and under
the lights and cameras of the office building. Reaching the
front doors, Rembrandt immediately made his way to the
electronic keypad that controlled access to the building.

Rem took a moment to collect his thoughts, then
placedhishandon the keypad. He could sense the electrical
network connecting the building's cameras, locks and
other security devices. Focusing, he proceeded to interrupt
the flow of power to the door's locking mechanism. He was
rewarded with an audible click as the electronic locks slid
from their housings.

"Excellent," Max whispered. "Letus go. My invisibility
will shield us from the cameras ..."

"No," Rem whispered in a strained voice, his brow
furrowed. "I can do more from here." Rem concentrated on
the electricity flowing through the entire building. He

Rules Section
But my true mission is just revenge
You ain't my set, you ain't my friend
Wear the wrong colors your life can end
Homicide's my favorite binge.
— Ice-T, "Colors"

Keith ended last week's story with asurprise forhis players,
Travis and Josh. Nera, a local mage, cheated their characters
out of Quintessence and revealed herself as part of the Tech-
nocracy. Now the two want toeven thescore. Travis' character
is a Virtual Adept named Rembrandt. Josh's character is the
Order of Hermes mage, Maximillian Gadfrey. They have
decided to pay Nera a little visit.

Keith makes sure it will take hard work, cooperation and
nota little luck to make this go down the way the players want.
No matter what they do, Keith wants them both to know they
have been in a fight. Nera had promised them quite a bit of
Quintessence for the heist they pulled off against the New
World Order. Now both mages decide to enter the Prudential
Building in search of their mutual "pal."

Josh decides that in order for their plan to work correctly,
invisibility is in order. He checks his Spheres and decides that
he does have enough to render both Rem and Max invisible.
Asa matter of fact, the rote called Veil of Invisibility is exactly
the one he wants. Making sure that no Sleepers are watching
them become "unseen," Josh tells Keith that he will render
them both invisible.

Max has a Forces rating of three and a Life rating of four,
so this rote is well within his power. Josh tells Keith that Max
will chantsteadily (Order of Hermes requirement for Life) and
clutch the Seal of Solomon on his necklace. Keith looks at the
rote Veil of Invisibility and determines that it will be enough
to make them invisible. However, the rote was designed to
affect one person. Josh reminds Keith that three successes must
be acheived to affect his general area. So Josh tells Travis that
Rembrandt had better stay close when he completes this rote.

As Veil of Invisibility is Forces two and Life three the
difficulty is six (highest Sphere in the rote +3). Josh will have
toroll three sixes in order to produce this effect. Knowing that
this rote is vulgar in the extreme, Max does not want to risk
acquiring Paradox. He spends two points of Quintessence (his
Prime Sphere is two) to lower his target number to four and
rolls his entire magick pool (his rating in Arete) .

Taking the dice in hishands and rolling them, Josh wishes
for good luck and throws them across the table. 4,5,1,6,7 —
threesuccesses exactly. Barely having made the roll (no thanks
tohis one botch), Josh breathes easier as Max and Rembrandt
fade from view.


could sense the various connections — their delicate,
sensitive, web-like structures. With a smirk, he sent a surge
of staggering magnitude traveling through the matrix,
disrupting everything in its path. The building went dark as
all systemscrashed. The emergency lightingcameon asthe
backup systems activated.

"Whoa," Rembrandt sighed, wiping the sweat from his
brow.

"Rembrandt, what the hell are you doing"

"Drop your rote," Rembrande said, shooting a con-
temptuous but invisible glance at his scholarly companion.
"Ive taken care of the building's security."

Theyentered the buildingand, once safely in the foyer,
Maximillian lechisrote disperse. Not wasting any time, the
pair of mages entered a scairwell, making it less likely for
them to encounter any roaming security guards.

"Nera will be expecting us," Max whispered, his eyes
dancing with mischief.

"She should be," Rem grunted. "After crossing us, she
ran toher Syndicateallies, thinking they would protecther.
Fool."

"1 know she's here," Max said, glancing at a camera
mounted in the stairwell. "You sure that thing is not
operational? I would hate to meet Nera if she were able to
pinpoint us precisely. She is not unskilled in the art of
magick."

‘After approaching the door they find it secured by an
electronic lock. Travis tells Keith his character will trip the
lock with a power surge using Forces. Forces at Rank Two
allows control over the Lesser Forces, one of which iselectric-
ity. Ordinarily the difficulty would be five (Forces two plus
three), but Keith rules that using Forces this way is more
difficult. He raises the difficulty by two forthe fine-tuning that
Rem must accomplish, and rules that the difficulty will be
seven

‘Travis decides that Rem will pause and spend extra time
on this effect. This lowers his difficulty to six. Confident that
hecan pull this off, Travis rolls only three dice —7,7,1. Rem
places his hand on the keypad, the power surge runs through
the locking mechanism, and the door locks swing open.

‘Now that he has opened the door, Rem needs to take out
the security system. Rem uses the lock as a focus to shut the
system down. Looking at his Correspondence Sphere, Travi
finds that Rembrand's Sphere rating is high enough for him
to use Correspondence Sensing. Travis wants Rem to use his
magick to find out where the fuse box isso that he can short it
out

‘This effect is a Correspondence two effect and thus the
difficuley willbe five (Correspondence two plusthree). Spend-
ing two points of Quintessence lowers his target number to
three. Travis uses all of Rem's magick pool to locate the power
box. He rolls five dice (his Arete score), which come up
45,736. Al right! With five successes in Correspondence


"Neither are we," Rembrandt sneered. "Now let's do
this."

"So you keep saying," Max sighed. "How do you want
to go about it?"

Rembrandt reached to his waist and pulled out his
pistol. He checked the clip, slid it into place and pulled back
the slide. The sound of the .45 caliber shell being cham-
bered broughta smile to his face. "Let's take the fight to that
double-crossing Techno-bitch," Rem snarled.

Maximillian nodded and smiled, his mind already
conjuring up several offensive spells involving fire. He so
loved fire.

"Tewill take both of us to achieve this. Are you ready?"
Max asked, arching one eyebrow inquisitively.

Rembrandt slid his pistol into his belt and pulled out
his computer. He flipped the screen up and smiled asa blue-
white glow issued from the small device. He could feel the
power — his power — flowing through this tiny machine.
Rembrandt began to write a program. It took several
minutes to compile and debug, but when it was complete,
he hada file called: LOCATE.MAG. While he was typing,
Max chanted in Latin, then fell silent, waiting. Rembrandt
met Max's gaze and the Hermetic mage nodded once,
slowly. Rem ran his program.

The screen filled with characters, scrolling past at
incredible speed. Then came the final input line: C\>
command?

"Give me the command words," Rem hissed, "and
prepare yourself." Max simply nodded gravely.

"Magi Translocus Magus Domus!" the Hermetic mage
exclaimed. Rembrandt punched in the words as they issued
from Maximillian's lips and stabbed the <ENTER> key.

There wasamomentof disorientation as reality warped
around them, and then they stood on firm ground. They
were in an austere room decorated in blacks, whites and
grays. An imposing desk of dark wood was framed by a large
window through which the city could be glimpsed. Behind
this desk sat a radiantly beautiful woman, her dark eyes
reflecting the light of a computer screen. She looked
startled when Maximillian and Rembrandt appeared, but
only for a moment.

"Maximillian. Rembrandt. You should not have come
here." She rose to her feet.

"How could you expect us not to?" Rembrandt de-
manded. "Youcheated us out ofa very valuable commodity.
Quintessence does not come easy."

"You will die for your deception, Nera," Max intoned
in a grim voice. "By my hands." Maximillian's eyes dark-
ened toa deep, burning crimson anda nimbus of fire sprang
up around each of his hands.

Rem could have seen anywhere on Earth. Too bad all he
needed to know was where the fusebox was. Rem touches the
keypad, extending his sight through the power lines in the
building, and finds the fusebox.

Now that he can see the fusebox, it is within line of sight.
He might need this later to help him with the target number.
Travis decides that Rembrandt will overload the box with a
bolt of electricity. Casting a bolt of energy is simply a Forces
effect; this is also a coincidental effect, as electrical devices are
prone to power surges and short circuits all the time.

Using his Correspondence of two and his Forces of two,
Travis explains that Rembrandt will direct a bolt of electricity
through the electrical matrix and overload the fuse box, which
is now considered to be in his line of sight. The normal
difficulty would be five (highest Sphere rating + 3), but Keith
decides that this effect is fairly specific; however, he only
imposes a +1 difficulty penalty, as Rembrandt took the extra
time to locate the fusebox. Travis' difficulty is now six.

Travis knows that this needs to be a spectacular effect, so
he spendsa point of Quintessence to lower his difficulty to five
and decides to use a point of Willpower to gain at least one
automatic success. He now rolls his full Arete pool of five dice
and gets 8,4,6,5,3. Three successes, plus the one from his
Willpower, are just enough to render the range for the in-
tended effect as line-of-sight (according to the General Effect
Chart). Keith rules that the fusebox is shorted out and the
building goes dark, but the emergency lighting and other
backup systems are still operational. If Travis had acquired five
successes, even these electrical systems would have been fried.

Entering the building and making their way to the stair-
way, the two mages discuss how they want to approach Nera.
Both are aware that she is a member of the Technocracy and
are thankful that they have robbed her of her cameras, locks
and eye beams. Josh looks to Travis for the lead, knowing that
as a Virtual Adept, Rembrandt is more in touch with the
Technocracy. Travis decides that he wants to take the fight to
Nera. Josh and Travis both know that this will bea cooperative
conjunctional effect — very tricky.

Travis has Rem use his computer (the Correspondence
focus for Virtual Adepts) to write a program that can both
locate Neraand transport them to her immediate vicinity. The
act of locating Nera is a conjunctional Correspondence and
Life effect, requiring a rating of at least two in Correspondence
but only one in Life. However, the act of transporting them
requires a rating of three in Correspondence. If the two mages
simply wanted to locate Nera, the difficulty would be five, but
because they also want to appear at her location the difficulty
goes to six (highest Sphere +3).

Both mages possess sufficient skill in the two Spheres to
evoke the effect. Rem writes his program while Max chants in
a mystical tongue (language is the Order of Hermes' focus).
Both Travis and Josh decide to spend a point of Quintessence
and use their full Arete Dice Pools. The effect they are
attempting is vulgar magick, and any botches on this roll will
have disastrous consequences shared by both mages (because

it is a cooperative effect). With their difficulties now lowered
to five, both players roll their dice. Travis rolls a 5,6,4,6,9 for
Rembrandt while Josh rolls 3,3,7,8,5 for Maximillian. Their
total combined successes are seven — enough to locate Nera
and shift everything in their immediate vicinity to her loca-
tion.

Nera is understandably surprised when both magesarrive.
Keith has her threaten the two mages, wanting to make Josh
and Travis sweata bit. After a brief bit of dialogue, Josh decides
to get things going by having Maximillian power up for an
offensive attack involving fire; it will undoubtedly be vulgar
magick.

The game will continue from here. Who knows if Travis
and Josh will triumph over the treasonous Technomancer, or
if Nera will grind them under the world-encompassing might
of the Technocracy?


When there is too much information to sustain any theory,
information becomes essentially meaningless.

—Neil Postman, Technopoly

Other Storyteller Games

Mage is one of several White Wolf roleplaying
games using the Storyteller system. Two other
complete games — Vampire: The Masquer-
ade and Werewolf: The Apocalypse — are
already available. Because you are holding a
Storyteller game, any volume in our World of
Darkness series can complement your
chronicle. All of these games have the Story-
teller game system in common, and all are
compatible.

The most obvious application for another game, such as
Vampire, in Mage is as a wellspring of fresh antagonists. Such
supernatural opponents are especially mysterious because they
are unknowns. No matter how little you give away during

character creation, Mage players begin with some knowledge
of the enemies characters face. This is only fair, butimagine the
first time characters discover that there is more on heaven and
earth than dreamed of in their metaphysics. Chapter Three
provides some ideas for cross-cultural stories.

Better yet, one or more players could create characters
from different supernatural cultures. Imagine the richness and
diversity of stories in which mages, vampires and werewolves
interact... simultaneously! Of course, the dilemma lies in
explaining the formation of such a mixed group —suspension
of disbelief only goes so far. To galvanize your imagination, the
section below provides 10 reasons for player characters of
different cultures to interact. After the first story, assume that
the characters become friends... or at least grudging allies.

Ten Reasons for

Interaction

It's a hybrid of me — I'm a hybrid of he
You're a misfit for me — I'm a misfit for you
Inlimbo
Do you speak the lingo?
— Siouxsie and the Banshees, "Hybrid"

© A mage of the Euthanatos Tradition may have one or
more Kindred as followers or allies. As blood-suckers, they
make great agents of deach; as undead, they need not worry
about being rewarded with a Good Death. Perhaps mage and.
Kindred team up after discovering they're stalking the same
powerful prey. An undying mummy makes a great antagonist
for such a group.

'* Garou of the Theurge auspice or Uktena tribe might
ealize the limitsof their magickal perception and wish toleam,
more from a mage. First contact would probably be with a
Dreamspeaker in the spirit world

* After the rise of the Technocrcy at the end of the
Middle Ages, magi of the Order of Hermes found their power
weakening. This distressing reality prompted the members of
House Tremere to formulate a plan for preserving their magic.
By powerful means, they transformed themselves into
pites, thus preserving and passing on the magic through their
blooulline, Some ofthese Kindred warlocks now wish to rejoin

mage society. Certain Tremere may "apprentice" themselv
to player mages.

+ Dreamspeakers feel their plans would proceed much
more smoothly if Gaia would awaken a bit. Currently, she
sleeps feverishly, consumed by a virus werewolves call the
Wyrm. As Garou are the immune system of Gai
Dreamspeakers might assist them in their struggles

«© Kindred and Garou can and sometimes perform feats
impossible for mages. Yet they remain untroubled by the forces
of Paradox. To leam why thisisso, any mage (but particularly
a Son of Ether) might do some "field work" among these
cultures,

* The lowest common denominator between mages and
Kindred is a common heritage: humanity. Therefore, the
‘mundane ties of friendship, love, family or the workplace are
perfectly acceptable rationales for stories. By the same token,
Garou appear human half the time and have Kinfolk in the
mortal world.

* Question: What do you get by combining ambitious
Glass Walker or Bone Gnawer Garou, traitorous Virrual
‘Adepts or Sons of Ether, and any anarchistic Kindred charac-
ter? Answer: a kick-butt urban chronicle. This tripe alliance
decides to overthrow the power behind a small city — a
‘vampire prince,an exceptional pattem spider,a Technomancer
Chantry, or all three!

+ Practically the only mortal group not under supematu-
ral control is the Arcanum. This makes it weak, but a threat
nonetheless, for mages, vampires and werewolves all value
secrecy. What if a member compiles notes on a number of
different "magickal" beings — the players' characters, natu-
rally! Because vampires have been ordered not to inter
with the Arcanum, a Kindred might contact a mage for help.
Perhaps all the characters arrive at the Arcanum data vault
simultaneously. What an extraordinary coincidenc:

* Many vampires pursue the exalted state of Golconda.
Mages pursue the similar transce ence of Arete. A vampit
‘on the path to Golconda might seck the aid of a mage.

* A complete stranger (a mummy character) shows up at
amage's front door, acting like the two have known each other
forever. They have, almost. For over 2,000 years, the mummy
has pursued a fiendship with the mage's Avatar through each
of its mortal incamations. The Avatar (and thus the mage)
may even owe the mummy a big favor.

Antagonists

Mages face threats from many fronts. Provided
here are statistics for a variety of different foes.

Governments

Atsome time in the life cycle of ureualy every
‘organization, its ability to succeed in spite of itself
runs out

—Brien's First Law

How much do the world governments suspect? How

uch do they know? How firmly are they under the control of
mages or other supernatural entities? Ie' hard to say. Many
governments have agencies or departments devoted to the
investigation of paranormal occurrences; many of these, espe-

cially on the military end, seem to be devoted to extrasensory.
phenomena such as ESP, clairvoyance and telekinesis.

Rumors circulate that the United States goverment
funds some special research, designated "Project PSI," andhas
achieved a measure of success! Has the government managed
to Awaken test subjects? And what about the numberof mages
who have disappeared in the last few years...? In general,
though, these departments seem to be concentrating on their
cown "ground-breaking" research,

Britain alo has an organization devoted to the investiga-
tion of the paranormal, but itis very difficult to trace. Some
people suspect thar itis actually of a quasi-mystical nature,
possibly with tiesto similar organizations dating back hun-
dreds of years (in any event, British mages report instances
wherein Scotland Yard has investigated mage-related inci

Mpa kai

dents with unnerving accuracy). Some say that a vampire
actually controls this group, using it to combat her enemies.

In the United States, interest in mage activity can be
traced to two agencies: the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
the National Security Agency.

The FBI might contain several individuals who suspect
the truth. There is even a special department devoted to the
investigation of the paranormal. Originally formed to neutral-
ize the impact of suspected "Communist Thought Control"
research, this department, known generally as Special Affairs
(though its members rarely identify themselves as such) is
involved in continuing investigations. It is believed that some
of Special Affairs' investigations into paranormal activities in
the '50s and 60s may have uncovered some mage-related
information. Despite this, Special Affairs has dwindled signifi-
cantly in powerand members over the years. Proof of suspected
activities is demanded by the FBI before action can be taken,
and proof is what has thus far eluded the department. Circum-
stantial evidence of magickal activity no doubt abounds, but
that last, necessary piece of tangible evidence has escaped
Special Affairs — so far.

It is believed that the NSA keeps an active file on
supernatural events, especially significant paradoxes, but treats
it as a subclassification of terrorism. The agency has not yet
made the connections that would reveal the whole picture.
The NSA is a giant fact-sifting agency concemed with na-
tional security from an internal perspective. The NSA flags

police and news reports that contain interesting or anomalous
(read: paradoxical) facts. Investigation only occurs after the
computer, or a reviewer, notices undue occurrences that may
be related. Should the NSA actually deduce any significant
mage-related connections, the resources that could be brought
to bear are truly frightening.

Police Officer: At one time or another, mages will find
themselves on the wrong side of the law, whether through their
own folly or some devious plan of the Storyteller. Most local
cops patrol in police cruisers. Help is only a radio call away;
usually one to five other cars arrive within minutes of an
emergency call. In extreme emergencies, up to 50 other police
officers can be called in to help within 10 minutes (at least in
acity).

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 15/9/3,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 6.

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, except for
Physical Traits where you can assume ratings of 3.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Bureaucracy 1,
Computer 1, Dodge 2, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Investigation 2,
Law 2, Leadership 1, Melee 1, Police Procedure 3, Stealth 1,
Streetwise 1, Technology 1.

Equipment: Lt. Revolver, Lt. Auto. Pistol, Pump Shot-
gun, Billy Club, Handcuffs, Radio, Badge, Flashlight.

Police Detective: Police detectives are called to the
scenes of murders and other major crimes. They are the


Roses" brand) that many of both groups' best practitioners and
scholars left their respective orders. After drafting a great
Charter, these dissidents united to form the Arcanum. This
order persists to this day.

Though the Arcanum has only formally been in existence
for less than 100 years, its history dates back even farther. The
core of the Arcanum consists of a group that has branded itself
the "White Monks." It is believed that these so-called White
Monks were somehow involved in the Inquisition, and learned
of mages there. However, they are not currently connected
with the Inquisition, and neveractually engage in witch hunts.
The Arcanum studies, but does not destroy.

The Arcanum has three known Foundation houses —
one in Boston, one in Paris, anda third in Vienna. Its members,
recruited from the cream of intellectual society, are today
concerned more with theory than practice. They seem solely
devoted to the gathering and study of occult-related informa-
tion, but are focused primarily on the past rather than the
modern world. There are some members who have shown a
degree of interest in the here and now, but these members, and
the Arcanum itself, likely believe mages and magick long
gone, if they even ever existed beyond folklore. The Arcanum
as a whole seems to be more interested in phenomena of a less
tangible nature: magic, miracles and hauntings.

The existence of the Arcanum does cause mages some
concern, for they wish to keep the Sleepers unaware of the
magickal forces of the world. A miscalculation on the mages'
part could lead the Arcanum to their doors.

Scholar: These intellectuals are involved in the gather-
ingand classification of paranormal matters ofall sorts, including
alleged magick use. They are not interested in violent confron-
tation with the supernatural and will avoid such at all costs.
Whenin thefield, investigators operate in groups of twoto four
to provide witnesses and greater safety.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/6/3, Abilities 15/9/3,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 10.

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, except for
Charisma, Intelligence, and Manipulation, which should be
3or even 4.

Suggested Abilities: Bureaucracy 2, Culture 2, Drive 1,
Enigmas 3, Etiquette 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 1, Leader-
ship 4, Linguistics 4, Occult 4, Research 5, Science 3, Subterfuge 2.
Those who routinely perform field work — photographing
ghosts, collecting ectoplasm, measuring the "magical" energy
of ley lines — often possess Alertness 1, Awareness 2, Intuition 3,
Medicine 1, Survival 1.

Equipment: Automobile, various "gadgets," investigative
paraphernalia.


Vampires

Tragically hip murderers who can kill mortals simply because
they're cooler than mortals...
— Christopher Kubasik, White Wolf Magazine (#33)

Vampires are creatures of cities. They feed off the human
population of urban areas. Along with the Technomancers,
vampires are largely responsible for the unchecked growth of
urban sprawls.

Vampires subsist on human blood, and derive many
special powers from it. A vampire who has recently feasted on
blood is usually much stronger and faster than a mortal. The
Blood Pool listing below takes this into consideration. A
vampire may use one Blood Point to: increase a Physical
Attribute up to 5 (and sometimes higher); or heal one Health
Level (except for damage caused by fire, sunlight, magick, or
the teeth and claws of supernatural entities). Vampires also
have superhuman abilities equivalent to Sphere magick. While
their powers are not subject to Paradox, Vampires usually
maintain a mask when among mortals.

Elder Vampire: While there are many types of vampires,
of varying degrees of power, elder vampires are the ones whom
mages most commonly encounter. They are the princes of
their urban realms and often dominate a city's politics. Elder
vampires have potent blood and have survived between 300
and 1000 years, and thus have considerable inherent powers.
The vampire stats below represent a traditional Western
variety.

SG

Character Creation: Attributes 10/7/5, Abilities 21/9/3,
Backgrounds 12, Willpower 8, Spheres 9, Blood Pool 20.

Suggested Attributes: Assume a rating of 4 in each Social, 3
in each Mental, and 2 in each Physical Attribute.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Awareness 3,
Brawl 2, Culture 1, Dodge 3, Etiquette 3, Expression 1,
Intimidation 4, Intuition 1, Melee 2, Occult 2, Stealth 3,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4.

Suggested Spheres: Forces 2, Life 3, Mind 3, Spirit 1
(choose one power for each rating of a Sphere as you would do
for a Minion).

Equipment: Outdated but Expensive Clothing, Tinted
Glasses, Pocket Watch, Sword Cane.

Ghoul: Many vampires create ghouls. This is accom-
plished by giving a mortal or animal some vampire blood
without first draining the creature of its own life force. Because
ghouls are essentially mortals, no statistics are given; use
human oranimal stats, maybe with slight additions to Physical
Attributes (particularly Strength).

Special Rules: So long as ghouls imbibe vampire blood
regularly, they can live forever. However, once the point of
their natural lifespan has passed, ghouls must always have
vampire blood in their systems, or they will age and die very
quickly — within a few days, or perhaps even a few hours.
Ghouls can use the blood within them in precisely the same
manner as vampires do (i.e., to increase stats and heal).
Assume ghouls have one to 10 Blood Points, depending on the
generosity of their master.


Werewolves
Thencidars haw
with hate and a question
hangs in the haze —
when will you rage?
— Mark Rein® Hagen, Werewolf: The Apocalypse

Werewolves tend to live in tightly knit tribes and operate
in "packs" of between two and 10 members. They are quite
ritualisticand rustic in outlook. Werewolvesare very secretive,
insular and xenophobic. Many mages who have stumbled
upon their territory in the real world or the Near Umbra have
been hunted down and executed. Dreamspeakers, who have
the most frequent contact with werewolves, say they are
ferocious fighters and skilled shamans. It is most dangerous to
gain their enmity. On most nights of the full moon, whole
tribes of werewolves go on mad rampages; all those caught in
their path — mortal or otherwise — are slain.

Though not enemies of the mages, werewolves will elimi-
nate any who seek to despoil their Domains (called caerns) for
vulgar Quintessence trapped therein. They are as secretive as
vampires and mages.

Typical Werewolf: Like vampire clans and mage Tradi-
tions, each werewolf tribe has a different philosophical bent.
The werewolves themselves have variable skills and aptitudes
depending on the lifestyles of their human halves. The stats
below reflect a country hick, hot and hairy under the collar,
whom you would not want to anger...

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 15/9/3,
Backgrounds 5, Willpower 8, Spheres 3.

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, except in
Physical where you can assume 3.

Suggested Abilities: Alermess 4, Athletics 1, Awareness 3,
Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Enigmas 1, Intimidation 2, Intuition 1,
Medicine 1, Occult 1, Stealth 3, Survival 4.

Suggested Spheres: Forces 1, Prime 1, Spirit 1 (choose one
power for each rating of a Sphere as you would do for a
Minion).

Special Rules: Werewolves have three forms —man, wolf
and wolfman. The first two are quite mundane. When in
wolfman form, however, a werewolf adds three dots to all
Physical Attributes, can regenerate one Health Level per turn
(except for damage caused by silver, fire, magick, or the teeth
and claws of a supernatural entity), and is immune to dice
penalties for being wounded. Werewolves also automatically
possess one very potent power of the Spirit Sphere—they can
step sideways into the Near Umbra.

In addition, werewolves seem to provoke reactions of
uncontrollable fear in un-Awakened beings who view them.
Though mages are obviously immune to this crippling phobia,
their companions may well be affected.

Equipment: Rugged Outdoor Clothing, Swiss Army Knife
(or Hunting Knife), Bead Necklace or Other Token, Rifle or
Shotgun.

Itis one thing to believe in levitation when youseeit, itis another
thing entirely to believe in miracles.
— Richard Bach, Illusions

The following guidelines allow you to create mages of
varying ability.

Disciple: These mages are seeking enlightenment, and
have achieved only moderate prowess in the Spheres (Ranks
Three and lower).

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5,
Backgrounds 5, Willpower 5, Spheres 6, Arete 1-3.

Adept: These mages have reached a level where their
perception becomes very different from that of other mages.
They have gathered personal power (Rank Four in at least one
Sphere) and usually have the sense and responsibility to wield
it properly.

Character Creation: Attributes 8/6/3, Abilities 19/10/5,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 8, Spheres 20, Arete 4-6.

Master: These mages have Mastered (attained Rank Five
in) at least one of the nine Spheres (and perhaps more). Their
vision may have so expanded that humans are blurred from
their world-picture, as they look upward to the Oracles.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/6/4, Abilities 22/10/6,
Backgrounds 10, Willpower 10, Spheres 30, Arete 8+.

Despite their alleged common denominator of Ascen-
sion, mages bicker and compete with depressing frequency.
Rival mages are often terrible annoyances, as illustrated by the
following fellow:

Gregor Sorenson

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Gallant

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Sons of Ether

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Percep-
tion 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4, Charisma 3, Manipulation 5,
Appearance 4

Attributes: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 2, Intuition 3, Subterfuge 4, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4,
Meditation 1, Melee 2, Survival 2, Cosmology 2, Culture 5,
Linguistics 5, Occult 4

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Forces 4, Life 2, Matter 3,
Prime 3, Spirit 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Avatar 2, Talisman 5

Willpower: 6

Arete: 4

Quintessence: 10

Paradox: 4

Notes: Sorenson is a magickal pirate, combing the earth
and the dimensions in search of rarities magickal and mun-
dane. He is clever and cunning, but possesses neither the
creative brilliance nor the gifts inherent to mages of true


JANET Puusio

cosmic importance. Thus, Sorenson resorts to theft: theft of
ideas, theft of knowledge and theft of actual physical items
such as tass and Talismans. He has an extensive collection of
Talismans stolen from rival mages and plundered from the
hoards of beings best left undisturbed (many of these latter
would give much to learn the identity of the thief).

Sorenson uses his Correspondence and Spirit Spheres to
spy on the gatherings of other mages and to travel the Umbra
insearch of loot. If mage characters are planningan expedition
to gather Quintessence, rare tomes or Talismans, Sorenson (or
another like him) is a possible complication.

Sorenson is a tall, dark-haired man. He dresses impecca-
bly and sports a thin mustache. A variety of bizarre weapons
and Talismans hang from bandoliers, belts and sashes on his
body (more for purposes of intimidation than combat). He
swaggers and speaks to his opponent in exaggerated, sarcasti-
cally polite tones.

He has two allies, brought back with him from parts
unknown: the first is a bad-tempered brute that seems to be a
hybrid of mantis, goat and platypus; the other appears as a
swirling, nebulous vortex of crackling energy approximately
three feet in diameter. Sorenson carries a pistol that appears to
be an antique flintlock, but mimics the properties of the
Peacemaker Talisman.

Technomancers

scientists simplify, they abstract, they eliminate all that, for
their purposes, is irrelevant and ignore whatever they choose to
regard as inessential; they impose a style, they compel the facts to
verify a favorite hypothesis, they consign to the waste-paper basket
all that, to their mind, falls short of perfection
— Aldous Huxley

Technomancers are themselves mages, and they have a
variety of servants. Examples of a Technomancer and of these
servants are provided here.

Dr. Heinrich Wernerschnuder

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Visionary

Convention: Progenitors

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 2, Charisma 2, Manipulation 2,
Appearance 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 1, Firearms 2, Technol-
ogy 4, Computer 1, Linguistics 3, Medicine 4, Science 5

Spheres: Life 4, Matter 2, Mind 2, Prime 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 1, Talisman 4

Willpower: 6

Arete: 4

Quintessence: 12

Paradox: 5

Notes: Dr. Heinrich Wernerschnuder was a scientist in
the service of the Third Reich, and was instrumental in the


=
Cm',
3

ahi

pee

oral sk

development of weapons for Germany. Though not particu-
larly enamored of the Nazi cause (in fact, he held Einstein in
high esteem), he was unfairly accused of war crimes at the war's
end and forced to flee to Argentina. There he met a brujeria
(sorcerer) who Awakened his latent Avatar. The magic of the
Traditions held little appeal for Wernerschnuder, and he
joined the Progenitors in 1953, shortly after Watson and Crick
discovered DNA.

Wemerschnuder now spends most of his time ensconced
amid the labs of the Technomancers. Latent ideals of the
"master race" have inspired the doctor to spend most of his
time in a fanatical quest to create the "perfect human." Alas,
to date Wernerschnuder has failed. Many of his failures
shamble and crawl about the lower levels of his lab;
Wemerschnuder occasionally uses these failures as guards,
fodder for experiments, and assassins.

Wemerschnuder appears as a trim middle-aged man in
good health (steady use of Life magick has extended his
lifespan). His Talisman isa particle beam weapon given to him
by his brethren in Iteration X (identical to the Peacemaker
from the list of example Talismans).

Hyper Intelligence Technologies
Mark V

These mechanical men are the grunt soldiers of Iteration
X. They are very dangerous foes because most mages cannot
always use powerful magick against the mechanical monsters
(HIT Marks possess countermagickal alloys).

HIT Marks vary in appearance, so that each appears as. a
unique man or woman — except for the eyes. A flicker of laser-
ted flashes in a HIT Mark's eyes every few seconds. HIT Marks
have extensive programming in most Abilities.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 1, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 2.

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, all Skills 3 (except Medi-
tation and Stealth), all Knowledges 3 (except Cosmology and
Occult)

Spheres: none

Arete: 0

Willpower: 5

Quintessence: 0

Paradox: 0

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, Destroyed

Armor Rating: 4

Attacks: Chain gun (200 rounds; damage as a shotgun, all
other stats as an assault rifle); claws (Str + 3 damage)

Innate Countermagick: All HIT Marks are covered with
a layer of a magickal alloy rendering them somewhat impervi-
ous to magick. HIT Marks gain two free dice of countermagick
against all magickal attacks.

Men in Black

The mysterious Men in Black are the servants of the New
World Order. These mysterious black-clad warriors are the
personification of their intimidating parent Convention. The
mere presence of the Men in Black seems to sap the spirits of
everyone in their vicinity. This effect is actually evoked by
their Mind Sphere, used coincidentally through their ominous
garb and intimidating presence.

The true nature of the Men in Black is unknown. Mind
probes turn up no thoughts or memories; Life magick shows
their bodies to be healthy yet somehow hollow, as if lacking
souls; Spirit magick detects an ominous spiritual aura about
them. Beneath their all-black costumes, Men in Black are pale
and hairless, with few ifany distinguishing features. They have
the annoying habit of melting to nothingness within a few
moments after they are killed, an effect that somehow never
callsa Paradox spirit. In fact, Men in Black are often unaffected
by Paradox. In short, they are the perfect unholy implements
of the New World Order.

The Men travel in organized groups of individuals that
complement each other. Each specializes in two Spheres and
works with others in the group to create conjunctional effects
that are deemed necessary; otherwise, they use magick inde-
pendently.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception 5, Intelligence 4,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Intuition 3,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Drive 2, Firearms 3,
Meditation 2, Melee 3, Stealth 5, Enigmas 1, Investigation 3,
Occult 1

Spheres: Two at 3

Backgrounds: Arcane 3

Willpower: 8

Arete: 3

Quintessence: varies

Paradox: varies

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -2, -2, -5, Vaporized

Superiors

The Progenitors have been successful in some simple (to
them) genetic engineeringexperiments. Amongtheirachieve-
ments is the creation of a "perfect" human specimen. Perfectly
physically, that is — Superiors have psychotic tendencies and
their intelligence regresses over time.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 4, Perception 2, Intelligence 1,
Wits 3

Abilities: Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Firearms 4, Melee 4

Willpower: 3

Arete: 0

Quintessence: 0
Paradox: 3


i eer

aac asoe dk Cape

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -2, -5, Terminated

Innate Countermagick: All Superiors automatically re-
ceive two dice of countermagick defense versus any magickal
attack.

Marauders and Beasts
of the Mythic Age

Thedreaded Maraudersare the scourge of Technomancers
and Tradition mages alike. They seek to turn the world into a
seething maelstrom of wild magic, where the laws of physical
reality are mutable and uncertain. Examples of a Marauder,
and of the beasts that serve as allies, are provided below.

Xylloth, Marauder mage

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Deviant

Essence: Unknown

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Percep-
tion 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4, Charisma 3, Manipulation 2,
Appearance 1

Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Enigmas 4

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 3, Mind 3, Spirit 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Avatar 4

Willpower: 9

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 9

Paradox: 11

Notes: Xylloth is a typical Marauder mage. Though he
primarily wanders the Umbra, he occasionally breaches the
Gauntlet and enters physical reality, spreading destruction
and chaos in his wake. He is a reactionary servant of the
Marauders, and wishes to replace technology entirely with
magic. He is often surrounded by beasts of Earth's Mythic Age,
to whom he speaks in an alternately loving and harsh manner.

Xylloth appears as a wild-eyed humanoid covered with
blue tattoos and wrapped in the skins of unknown beasts. He
speaks ina shrill, high-pitched voice, as if he has just inhaled
the contents of a helium balloon.

MythicRemnants~ Marauder Allies

Though the Mythic Age has long been over, a scattered
few survivors from its heyday stalk the Umbra. Occasionally,
such a creature crosses the Gauntlet into a wild and lonely
place on Earth. Mythical survivors are also employed by
Marauders as allies and servitors.


ee ate oh ids

pee

Manticora

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Percep-
tion 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Athletics 1, Brawl 3

Willpower: 5

Arete: 0

Quintessence: 5 innate (may be harvested as Tass)

Paradox: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1,-1, -2,-2,-2,-5, Incapacitated

Attacks: Claws (Str +2 damage); Bite (Str +2 damage);
Scorpion Tail (Str damage — in addition, a victim who takes
at least one Health Level of damage after soak must roll
Stamina (difficulty 9); if this roll is failed, the victim takes
three non-soakable Health Levels from the poisoned stinger).

Innate Countermagick: The manticora has two free dice
of countermagick defense against any magickal attack.

Notes: The manticora is a fabled beast of the Mythic Age,
now banished to wander the realms of the Umbra. Occasion-
ally a Marauder brings such a beast to Earth to wreak havoc
(though only fora short time, as the static reality of Earth that
doesn't allow for their existance causes them to rapidly sicken
and die).

The manticora has the body of a lion, the head of a
deformed man, distended shark-like jaws, bat-like wings, and
ascorpion's tail. It isa savage, unreasoning brute, existing only
to destroy.

Ik-Thazai (alesser dragon)

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Conniver

Attributes: Strength 10, Dexterity 3, Stamina 7, Percep-
tion 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3, Charisma 3, Manipulation 4,
Appearance 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 1,
Intimidation 5, Intuition 3, Subterfuge 3, Etiquette 2, Melee 3,
Culture 3, Enigmas 4, Linguistics 5, Occult 3

Spheres: Forces 5, Life 3, Matter 3, Mind 3, Prime 3

Willpower: 8

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 20 (half of this may be retrieved as Tass
from the dragon's corpse)

Paradox: 3

Health Levels: OK (x3), -1 (x3), -2 (x5), -5 (x2), Inca-
pacitated

Attacks: Bite (Str +5); Claws (Str +3); Tail (Str +1;
victim is knocked back three feet times the result of a die roll)

Notes: Ik-Thazai, the One Who Coils in the Deep,
ravaged the lands of Eastern Europe during the fabled Mythic
Age. As magick left the world, she was forced into longer and
longer periods of sleep, and finally left Gaia altogether. Now
she dwells in a Shard Realm in the Near Umbra. Ik-Thazai
detests her exile, and occasionally aids the Marauders' insane
schemes in return for temporary passage to the realm of her


youth (she can only remain on Earth for a few days at a time,
or her Quintessence drains from her and she sickens).

Ik-Thazai can remain in the physical world for longer
periods of time if she has access to a powerful Node to
"recharge" her Quintessence. If she could usurp one of suffi-
cient strength (such as one belonging to a powerful Chantry),
she could theoretically remain in the world indefinitely. She
desires nothing so much as this.

Tk-Thazaican utilize her Spheres fora variety ofdraconian
effects. She can transform herself into human form, breathe
gouts of devastating flame, fly and command all nearby rep-
tiles.

Nephandi and Their Ik

The third side of the unholy triangle that opposes the
Traditions is the vile Nephandi. These mages have been
corrupted by Demons and now seek to drag the universe down
to oblivion. Nephandi have gained the assistance of an array
ofmalevolententities. Examples ofaNephandusand Nephandi
servitors are provided.

Meggan O'Rourke (Nephandus

mage)

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Bravo

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 1, Stamina 3, Percep-
tion 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4, Charisma 1, Manipulation 5,
Appearance |

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 2, Intimidation 2, Intu-
ition 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3, Meditation 2, Stealth 3,
Cosmology 1, Culture 1, Occult 5

Spheres: Entropy 4, Forces 2, Life 2, Prime 1, Spirit 2,
Time 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Talisman 5

Willpower: 7

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 10

Paradox: 9

Notes: Meggan O'Rourke was a promising Disciple of the
Euthanatos who summoned forces beyond her control and
became warped by a Demon named Wormwood. She is now
a Nephandi agent.

Meggan wanders from city to city, spreading squalor and
decay. She appears asa twisted old bag lady; the many Paradox
Flaws with which she has been cursed have gnarled and
deformed her body and soul.

Meggan's "bag" is actually a powerful Nephandi Talis-
man. By reaching within, she can draw forth a variety of
hideous demonic spirits. She refers to these beings as her
"children," and is extraordinarily protective of them (she lost
her own infant son in a Paradox Backlash many years ago).

ch
2

aa
be


Pure Form

The Nephandi seed the various Realms with Pure Forms
to oppose mages in their quest for Ascension. The following
describes a Pure Form as it might appear on earth.

Pure Form: This entity appears as a patch of pure
blackness absorbing the surrounding light. Innumerable ten-
tacles, spines and mandibles surge about the indefinite floating
body. Around the blackness, the air shimmers like gas fumes or
heat on a highway; sound waves distort with a Doppler effect;
reality runs like a Dali painting.

A Pure Form seems to be created from antimatter; all that
ittouches simply ceases to exist. Attackers lose limbs, weapons
disappear, and no structure can hold it for long. Luckily,
attacks seem to damage the entity before being rendered
useless. If a Pure Form remains in one place too long, a
temporary "afterimage" burns itself onto the structure of
reality, causing a major Paradox. If a Pure Form were to hover
in a sealed room, the air would disappear and reality would
distort. Then it would tear through the Spirit Realm and
finally damage Prime itself.

The destruction caused by a Pure Form Birth is different
from that caused by the Sphere of Entropy; matter does not just
break down, but utterly vanishes. Note that magick can affect
a Pure Form before the magickal effects are destroyed.

Suggested Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5,
Perception 1, Intelligence ?, Wits 2

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 1, Awareness 2, Brawl 3,
Intimidation 5, Survival 5, Enigmas 4

Willpower: 10

Arete: ?

Quintessence: ?

Paradox: At least 8

Health Levels: OK (x3), -1 (x6), Banished

Attacks: A Pure Form can attack anyone and everyone
within two yards of itself, usinga multitude oflimbs (one attack
peropponent). Physical attacks damage it, butthe weaponsare
destroyed thereafter (bare-handed strikes result in the attacker
automatically losing three Health Levels). Assume that a Pure
Form's Strength increases by a factor of one each round after
the first: thus it can disintegrate wood in a single round
(Strength 4), melt soft metals within two rounds (Strength 8),
break though one-inch sheet metal in three rounds (Strength
12), and destroy most materials by the fourth round.

The Zigg'raugglurr

These utterly mysterious and unknown alien beings live
beyond the Horizon. Even some Oracles do not understand
them. They are fourth-dimensional entities with a vast under-
standing of the "map" of time and space. They are malevolent
and enigmatic in the extreme.

The first encounter the Traditions had with these entities
wasanear defeat for the Traditions. The creatures materialized
into space and assaulted a cabal. The things appeared to be

giant, segmented lizards with nothing but empty air between
their segments — there seemed to be nothing holding their
various floating body parts together, yet they functioned as if
they were whole beings. They seemed to know a lot about the
cabal's powers and tactics, and almost won the engagement.
The cabal survived, but subsequent investigations revealed
nothing about the mages' foes.

Then, three years after the attack, the cabal again en-
countered the beings. This time the creatures were weak and
ignorant of the cabal's tactics, even though one of the cabal
mages swore the creatures were the identical entities whom
they had previously fought. The creatures escaped from this
second encounter, leaving the Tradition mages perplexed.

The ensuing debate was only quelled when an Oracle of
Time came forth with an announcement. The beings existed
fourth-dimensionally. They perceived time as we perceive
space, and in fact they probably possessed a geometry of time
similar to humans' Euclidean geometry of space. The second
encounter with them had in fact been the first. Their failure
there caused them to step back in time to defeat the cabal
before they had even attacked (hence the first encounter).
This also explained the creatures' strange appearance: they did
not wholly exist in three-dimensional reality, and thus only
portions of them could be perceived (the segmented bodies).

The Traditions realized that the Spheres of Time and
Correspondence would be required even to perceive these
beings. Magickal scrying by the Oracles was performed, at great
danger, and some secrets were finally revealed. The beings,
called the Zigg'raugglurr, live beyond the Horizon, which is the
only barrier preventing them from regular congress with the
Earth. They are allied in some mysterious way with the
Nephandi, perhaps in a bargain to break through the outer
gates together.

One of the questions on the Oracles' minds was: how do
the creaturessurvive without Quintessence from earth? Where
were they getting it? The terrifying answer was finally gleaned:
they have already manifested within Earth's space/time con-
tinuum — in the past, before the Gauntlet and Horizon were
erected. They take what Quintessence they can on these
expeditions before they are forced to return by Paradox spirits.
So strong are these Paradox spirits that they hunt the past for
anomalies to the present. These spirits alone prevent the
Zigg'raugglurr from wreaking havoc in Earth's past.

Now the question on the minds of all the Tradition mages
is: how do they stop a menace they can barely understand, let
alone perceive?

Spirits and Ombral
Denizens

In their quest for Ascension, mages have found that they
are notalone in the Tellurian. Indeed, the many Realms house
a variety of beings — beings bizarre, beautiful, nightmarish,
and all too often hostile.

Ombrood

But trick us again, child, and your suffering wil be legendary,
even in Hell.
— Pinhead, Hellraiser

An immense variety of strange creatures hail from the
depths of the Umbra. Mages have come to categorize all such
creatures and beings as Umbrood. Some of these creatures,
called Lords, wield staggering power, especially when con-
fronted in the Umbra where they are not subject to the laws of
Earth.

Lesser powers are called Preceptors. These beings also
possess great power, but mages can at least comprehend these
beings, as many of them have been personified by humans.
Among the ranks of the Preceptors are such mythical creatures
as dragons and unicorns — while they cannot currently exist
on Earth, they have still been defined into existence by the
human mind.

The least powerful Umbrood are called Minions. These
beingsare often anthropomorphic and possess human or lower
intelligence. However, as they are more powerful than normal
humans, they can be dangerous.

A sample of each of these types of Umbrood is provided
later in this section.

Ombrood Powers

Umbrood have a variety of powers. The more powerful
ones, especially Lords, are mightier than the greatest mages.
Before discussing how Umbrood work in game terms, it is
important to create a distinction between different types of
Umbrood. Umbrood are either considered intelligent beings
subject to the same basic rules as mages, or they are considered
creatures that use slightly different rules. Lords and the major-
ity of Preceptors are of the former variety, while Minions are
generally of the latter.

Lords and Preceptors should be treated exactly as mages.
When in the Umbra, these beings are very powerful because
their powers may operate uninhibited. On Earth, though, they
are subject to the same laws of reality that hinder mages, so the
Umbrood can gain Paradox, spend Quintessence and create
magickal effects just like mages.

Minions, on the other hand, do not generally store
Quintessence or Paradox and their powers are not as expan-
sive. Instead of having complete command over a Sphere,
Minions (and a few Preceptors) only gain one specific power
at each rating point of a Sphere. An Umbrood with Entropy
four, for example, possesses a list of just four powers that it can
use.

Minion powersare used ina fashion similar to magick, but
such use is always considered to be vulgar magick,soa Minion's
Arete limits the number of dice that may be rolled. The
creature can also gain Paradox. Each point of Paradox gained
inflicts a Health Level of damage upon the Umbrood. This
damage is considered aggravated damage that cannot be


healed with Life (or Matter if the Umbrood would "heal" itself
in that way) as wounds inflicted by guns and the like may be.

Finally, while Lords and most Preceptors have a complete
set of nine Attributes, Minions normally only have Physical
Attributes.

Almost all Umbrood have a natural ability to use aspects
of the Spirit Sphere. Unless the creature is given an actual
rating in Spirit, assume that its abilities are limited to those
listed here:

¢ Airt Sense: Umbrood have an innate sense of the airts
(directions) of the spirit world and are able to travel the Umbra
without much difficulty.

© Materialize: A spirit may materialize and affect the
physical world. The Gauntlet of the area limits whether
certain Umbrood can move directly into it. Minions may only
manifest in areas with Gauntlets of four or less, Preceptors
enter Gauntlets of six or less, and Lords may materialize
directly into any area below Gauntlet nine.

Reform: This ability allows an Umbrood to dissipate
itself and reform elsewhere in the Umbra, usually far away from
its enemies.

Lord Killavaro, Ombrood Lord

An amazingly powerful Umbrood, Killavaro freely wan-
ders the Umbra. He has no permanent home, but instead
wanders in search of something — something he alternately
claims does not exist, he doesn'tremember, orhe really doesn't
seek at all. He has a brooding nature and an evil intelligence
that would be classified as at least sociopathic by humans.

Killavaro appears as a man of medium height and slim
build. His coloration is a mixture of blacks and deep purples,
except for his eyes, which blaze with a fierce white energy of
unknown origin.

He has visited Earth many times in the past, and the
planet seems to be the focus of his search. Mages have
attributed certain ancient cataclysms to his magick, but
Killavaro does at least appear to use only coincidental magick
while among humans, except for his periodic use of various
Talismans.

The Talisman he was last known to carry is a glove of
thick, unearthly leather studded with small gems (also of alien
origin). When the fingers of the glove are pressed together a
victim suffers a magickal effect called Anchor (Correspon-
dence 4, Life 4) that attaches a Life Pattern (e.g., a human
body) to any one spot within three-dimensional space and

does not allow the Pattern to move from that spot. Anchor
effectively chains a living being to one spot. No other powers
of the glove have been witnessed.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 5,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Awareness 5, Brawl 4,
Dodge 3, Intuition 2, Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 3, Melee 4,
Cosmology 5, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Occult 5, Science 2

Backgrounds: Arcane 3, Talisman 5

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 4, Forces 6 (allows
huge "natural" disasters like earthquakes or volcanic erup-
tions), Life 3, Matter 3, Mind 3, Spirit 5, Time 3

Arete: 6

Willpower: 10

Quintessence: 14

Paradox: 4

Health Levels: OK (x3),-1 (x6),-2 (x6), -5 (x3), Banished

Lady of Feathers, Ombrood
Preceptor

A beautiful, guileless and seemingly naive Preceptor, the
Lady of Feathers has been connected to many ancient myths
describing bird goddesses. The Lady of Feathers appears dressed
in an ornate cloak of yellow and red feathers. Atop her head is
an elaborately decorated crown of white gold with a number of
glorious purple feathers highlighting its edges.

The Lady almost never leaves her Deep Umbral home, a
luxurious manse in a Domain of Air, though she can often be
found near Earth's Horizon. She deals truthfully with all she
meets and apparently thinks it impossible for anyone to do
otherwise. This has caused her tobe treated cruelly by Umbrood
and some humans whose motives are worldly.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 1, Appearance 4, Perception 2, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3

Abilities: Athletics 3, Dodge 2, Expression 4, Cosmology 3

Backgrounds: Dream 2, Talisman 2

Spheres: Life 4, Prime 2, all others 1

Arete: 3

Willpower: 5

Quintessence: 3

Paradox: 0

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -2, -5, Banished

Vincula, Ombrood Minions

Thisrace of Minions can be foundalmost anywhere in the
Umbra, but do frequent the Umbra near Earth. They appear as
long, luminescent yellow snakes that seem to "swim" in the
Umbra inslow, wavy motions. They can move with incredible
speed, though, so this usual lethargic motion can lull potential
targets into complacency.

Vincula are so named because of their tendency to bond
with their victims. Though vincula usually bond with only one
victim (via its bite), sometimes a vinculum bonds two indi-
vidual targets, one at each end of its slithery length. When a
vinculum bonds to a target it begins siphoning thoughts from
the victim, effectively causing the victim to forget that thought.
The first thought targeted is that which would allow the victim
to realize that the vinculum is a threat. It "feeds" upon these
thoughts to survive.


DERE EPS

LE IES LE

LE eee

Le Se aS Ee a Ee

If two victims are connected via its length, the vinculum
begins to transfer thoughts between the victims. Love fora wife
in one person may be traded with a passion for composing
music in another. In this way the vinculum upholds its
dynamic essence, which calls for it to create new thoughts and
ways of living.

A vinculum may also memorize a victim's memories and
thoughts, allowing it to access that victim more easily. This
reduces the difficulty of future magickal attacks by one.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Abilities: Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Stealth 2

Powers: Exchange Thoughts (Correspondence 4, Mind 4),
Steal Thoughts (Mind 4), Memorize Pattern (Mind 1)

Arete: 5

Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -2, -2, -5, Destroyed

Paradox Spirits

Oh, great. Now I've got Sam trying to contradict the immu-
table laws of science. When am I gonna leam to keep my mouth
shut?

— Woody on Cheers

Paradox spirits are the defenders of reality, whatever that
reality may be. Paradox often attacks those who create anoma-
lies in the structure of the universe. Sometimes the force of

Paradox manifests in the shape of beings known as Paradox
spirits.

The appearance and powers of a Paradox spirit are deter-
mined by the Sphere of magick being used when the spirit is
forced to take shape. In general, Paradox spirits are manifesta-
tions of the universe's sense of "poetic justice." Thus, ifa mage
tampers with reality's laws using the Sphere of Matter, the
Paradox spirit invoked manifests as a being of Matter (perhaps
astone or metal golem). If the magickal effect is conjunctional,
then the Sphere with the highest rating involved is the one
that manifests.

The Technocracy has recently attempted to make active
use of Paradox spirits. Apparently, it wasn't enough for them
to gain this ally by default (as the reality protected by Paradox
is that of the Technomancers). Technomancers often pur-
posefully create paradoxes in order tosummona Paradox spirit.
Other kinds of Paradox energies attack the offending
Technomancers at times, but through trial and error these
mages have evidently found ways to improve the odds of
generating a Paradox spirit.

The Paradox spirits so created are bound by the
Technomancers and sent to hunt down and punish the
enemies of the Technocracy. The normal means of using them
is to attune them to a certain person or place, like a human


under the protection of the Technocracy. If the target is
manipulated (i.e., magick is used on that person or place), the
Paradox spirit attacks whether or not the mage actually
generated Paradox.

Paradox spirits may physically manifest to attack. If they
do so, any damage they inflict is aggravated. Paradox spirits
may also utilize Sphere magick (they can only have points in
their own Sphere). Spirits enter the real world and can be seen
with a Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 6). Paradox
spirits can be banished in one of three ways: by being physically
destroyed (those with Attributes and Health Levels); by being
disrupted by magick; or by their targets surviving their assault.

To provide some ideas of the kinds and powers of Paradox
spirits, below are a range of them, one from each Sphere. These
spirits can either be ones that attack mages as part of a Paradox
Backlash, or that have been tied to people or places by
Technomancers. The spirits' names are those provided by
mages.

Farandwee (Correspondence 4)

The spirit known as Farandwee resembles a clown whose
form seems to shift and bulge beneath his baggy costume and
greasepaint. When attacking, he traps the mage in a maze of
funhouse mirrors. These are unbreakable, magickal reflectors;
amage who runs into a mirror finds herself turned around and
teflected back into the maze. The Paradox spirit appears in the
maze, grapples his prey, and attempts to teleport her to some
extremely dangerous spot (as a Paradox spirit, Farandwee has
less difficulty teleporting than do mages; the difficulty for this
Shift Other is the target's Willpower). In addition, Farandwee
may create a twisted duplicate of himself each round; these
duplicates may team up to grapple and teleport a mage.

To defeat Farandwee, a mage must either kill all of his
physical manifestations (this becomes increasingly difficult as
he multiplies) or escape the mirror-maze using Correspon-
dence magick.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Abilities: Brawl 3, Dodge 3

Willpower: 4

Arete: 4

Health Levels: (normal human)

Hex (Entropy D

Hex manifests as a symbol of bad luck: a broken mirror,
black cat, inverted horseshoe or other such omen (it cannotbe
banished by destroying the symbol, though). It lurks by the
mage until the first potentially dangerous situation, such as
combat, travel by car, or other risky circumstance. Then it
strikes, using Entropy magick asa jinx. Suddenly the opponent
hits when he should have missed, or the vehicle's brakes fail...

Willpower: 5

Arete: 2

Igtukra the Onbridled (Forces 5)

Igtukra's favorite tactic is to manifest in the physical world
as a pinprick of gravity waves, appearing in the same location
as the target mage. Igtukra then begins to increase its mass each
round. The mage feels as if he is growing heavier; soon he
begins to take damage, as he is torn apart by the tiny, internal-
ized black hole. Eventually, the mage is compressed to infinity.
The only way to banish Igtukra is through countermagick.

Willpower: 10

Arete: 5

Prokaryote (Life D

As a weak Paradox spirit, Prokaryote uses itself as a
weapon. It appears asa sort of virus inside the mage. Each week
of "infection," the mage loses one Health Level as the virus
attacks his body. This damage may not be restored until
Prokaryote is banished. A physician can locate Prokaryote and
destroy the virus with an Intelligence + Medicine roll (diffi-
culty 8); three successes are needed, but the roll may be made
each week. Life magick and countermagick also work.

Willpower: 5

Arete: 1

Terra Firma (Matter 4)

Blunt like the earth from which it is formed, Terra Firma
manifests as a golem-like creation and attacks by bludgeoning
and suffocation (by forcing earth down its victim's throat).

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 1, Stamina 5

Abilities: Brawl 5

Willpower: 5

Arete: 1

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -5, Destroyed

Dementia Paradox (Mind 3)

Dementia Paradox appears as the mage's worst fear. It
attacks using Mind magick to drive the mage insane. Typical
tactics include illusions of the mage's phobias and temporary
losses of Intelligence, Perception, or Wits. The spirit's goal is
torender the mage incapable of further magick use rather than
killing him outright.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1

Abilities: Brawl 2, Dodge 4

Willpower: 10

Arete: 4

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -5, Banished

Dorobo (Prime 2)

Dorobo isa thief of Quintessence. It drains the mage of his
surplus power and fluctuates the flow of his Quintessence,
stunning him during crucial moments. Mages with Prime 1 can
sense Dorobo only as a disturbance in the Prime.

Willpower: 1
Arete: 3

aa

peat


eR ee ee kl

a ISD:

LESS

a RO BT te

Me 2 Te I eZ ES

Rune-Fetter (Spirit 3)

Rune-fetter operates entirely in the Umbra, where it
appears as a spider-like creature. It captures the mage's Avatar
in its web, thus rendering the mage unable to use some of her
powers. When this happens, all magickal difficulties increase
by three and the mage no longer regains Quintessence. To
restore herself, a mage must enter the spirit realm in her
weakened state, find Rune-fetter's lair, and attempt to release
its hold on her Avatar.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Abilities: Stealth 5

Willpower: 4

Arete: 3

Health Levels: (normal human)

Wrinkle (Time 5 +)

Wrinkle is one of the most powerful Paradox spirits of
time. He appears as an ancient man dressed in a white tuxedo
with so many creases it appears he sleeps in it. Wrinkle
approaches the mage quite openly, explains his mission, and
asks, if he could, if the mage would change the event that
caused the last offending paradox. A refusal is bad news;
Wrinklesimply goesback in time and makes sure that the mage
was never born, or ensures his death as a youngster. An
affirmative answer takes the mage back in time, just before he
caused the paradox; he may now try again.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Willpower: 8

Arete: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Banished

Guardian Spirits

A great variety of spirits haunt the Nodes of the world,
feeding on the residual Quintessence contained at these sites.
These spirits are usually quite territorial, and generally attempt
to drive off or destroy intruders of their domains. Nonetheless,
many spirits have been subjugated and bound by mages and
werewolves. Otherspirits are compelled to obey certain inscru-
table cosmic mandates, forcing them to allow access to beings
who defeat them in a contest (such as a riddle game or mystic
duel). These spirits are collectively known as guardian spirits,
despite differing motivations for their "guard duty."

Typical Guardian Spirit -
Olonga the Whisperer

Attributes: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3, Manipu-
lation 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 5, Empathy 3, Intimida-
tion 5, Enigmas 4, Occult 4

Spheres: Forces 3, Life 3, Matter 3, Spirit 4

Willpower: 8

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 10


Paradox: 0

Notes: Olonga is an ancient spirit that feeds on the
Quintessence inherent to the sites of Nodes. Once Olonga has
founda feedingsite, itremains there for years or even centuries,
and Olonga is extremely possessive of its "property." Any who
trespass on its domain risk terrible retribution.

Olonga may manifest in the physical realm, but the laws
that bind the spirit's existence allow it to manifest fully only
against beings whom it defeats in a contest of riddles. When
intruders enter its domain, Olonga utters a ghastly howl and
hecomes visible, though intangible. Olonga appears as a tall,
gaunt African warrior, wearing a carved devil-mask and carry-
ing an assegai; lightning dances along the shaft of the spear,
and the mask's eyeslits blaze with eerie green light.

Olonga addresses intruders in a chilling whisper (thus the
sobriquet). If they wish access to the treasures of the Node,
Olonga says they must defeat it in a contest of riddles. If they
win, Olonga admits them to the Node. If they lose, Olonga
takes their Avatars and hearts, to add to the Quintessence of
the place. To doso it must attack. Olonga may materialize; its
body solidifies (Physical Attributes 5, Melee 4, one extra
"Bruised," "Hurt," and "Injured" Health Level), and it may
employ its spear or Spheres to destroy trespassers.

The riddle contest may be roleplayed (preferably), or
handled as an opposed roll of Intelligence + Enigmas. Accord-
ing to Olonga's rules, the first side that fails to guess two of the
opponent's riddles loses.

¥.

Converting
Spirits

EF) A number of spirits are described in another
Fe Storyteller game, Werewolf: The Apocalypse
and in many of that game's supplements, nota-
bly Book of the Wyrm. It is a simple matter to
convert these creatures into Umbrood enemies
for mages. If you play both games, use the statis-

ticsthatare presented for the creaturesorconvert
them to the system you prefer.

Spirits in Werewolf are described by Rage,
Willpower, Gnosis and Power. Willpower is the easiest to
convert; that Trait is common to all Storyteller games.

If a Werewolf spirit is lacking them, Physical Attributes
are determined by dividing Rage among Strength, Dexterity
and Stamina, as appropriate. Ifa spirit lacks Social and Mental
Attributes, the spirit's Gnosis may be divided in half and
allocated to the Attribute categories, again as appropriate. If
a spirit doesn't have a physical presence — e.g., the spirit is a
Vortex —then simply do notassign Attributes to it. The same
stands for Social and Mental Attributes. Abilities are assigned
as you see fit. A Werewolf spirit's Gnosis equals its Arete.
Health Levels are determined by dividing a spirit's Power by


five (soaNexusCra
12 Health Levels!)

Spheres are alittle more complicated to translate. The
{dea is to assign an Umbrood Spheres that make sense for its
spiritual origin. The total rating ofall the Umbrood's Spheres
cannot exceed the spirit's Power divided by 10 (so that Nexus
Crawler may have a total of six points in Spheres). A fire
elemental (Power 30) would therefore have Forces3. [tsForces
powerscould thenbesome of the exact ones listed in Werewolf
— create fire (Forces 3) and blast fire (Forces 2 to control the
fire it creates), The Forces 1 power could allow the elemental
to sense fire and thus find its way to large sources of fire on
Earth,

Talismans

Hereare five sample Talismans —one each for
Background ratings one through five.

© Spirit Goggles: This Talisman is an en-
chanted pair of ether goggles, like those worn by
the Sons of Ether. Like all such goggles, the

erwith Power 60isareal meanone, with

head. A slight greenish mist floats suspended in
the multifaceted lenses. As long as the goggles

are wor, the mage can automatically see into
the Near Umbra.

+ Sword of Discharge: This katana can release a burst
ofelectricity when itstrikes an opponent. The effect resembles
the Discharge Static power (Forces 2). A second Matter effect
ensures that the edge of the blade is always razor-sharp. The
apon damage is Strength + 5 and the difficulty is six

2% X-ray Glasses: These glasses have two dif
powers, one each from the Life and Matter Spheres. A con:
junctional Correspondence effect allows person wearing the
at only the Life or Matter Pattern she desires, as long
as t's in normal eyesight range. Therefore, when wearing the
glassesaperson who losthiskeyscould fier ourall pattems but
those of the keys, thus finding them easily. OF course, while
she's walking toward the keys she should beware of obstacles,
forshe can see only the keys. Likewise, person could filter out
everyone in a crowd except for the victim she is stalking

‘The wearer sees nothing else but the pattern sought, 0
eyesight range is potentially the horizon. A person using the
glasses might see a tiny dot at the edge of the horizon if the
object was that far away. The curvature of the Earth stops
sighting after a certain range.

Incidentally the glasses correct the eyesight of whoever
wears them.

(¢90@ Peacemaker: This Colt 45 Peacemaker is an old
‘weapon by mortal standards (about 1870), and even older to
‘mages, who aw ts predecessors in the early 1800s. A dedicated
mage worked powerful enchantments on one of these guns,
causing any bullet it fires to be affected by a sort of Matter
immunity. The bullet will pass harmlessly through any matter

except biological material, which itimpactsnormally. A bullet
fired by the gun could pass without restriction through a wall
and strike a foe on the other side. If the target is wearing a
bulletproof vest, the bullet will pass through even that. Bullets
for the gun are difficult to find, unless a ammunition dealer
"coincidentally" has some in stock. (Damage 6, difficulty 7)

Peacemaker also has a "speed draw" Correspondence
power that can be used. With this effect that mage could
‘outdraw the fastest gun of the West and get the first shot in gun
battle. This power effectively gives the gun wielder three
automatic successes on his initiative roll while using the
weapon.

Prodigy: This amasing computer isthe work of a
genius Virtual Adept. Essentially, it provides the processing
power of a NSA Cray supercomputer in a portable terminal
that weighs about four pounds. It has a number of powers, but
the most amazing is its data collection ability. The computer
‘can tap into any electronic storage system on the planet and
retrieve information from it. This is possible even ifthe target
system doesn't have a modem. Even a floppy disk sitting on
somebody's shelf can be targeted for retrieval. Prodigy com-
pletes the task through a phenomenally advanced technology
(magick).

Prodigy can also slow time around it, allowing its user to
cdo more work in a shorter amount of real time, The effect
includes anyone within a few paces of the computer if the
‘owner of the Talisman desires it.

Chantries

Here are two especially active Chantries among the
dozens that exist in the Umbra. These Chantries are at the
center of the Horizon War and are constantly engaged in.
rectuiting new apprentices and hunting sources of Quintes-
sence. These Chantries are particularly open to newcomers,
and are very willing to serve as "patrons" to young cabals.

Doissetep

A truly ancient Chantry, Doissetep has existed since
prehistoric times. Originally founded in southeast Asia by a
Thai sorcerer-king, the Chantry has moved many times in its
Jong history. During the Middle Ages, the Order of Hermes
moved itto Earth to use it in their experiments with the more
mundane Order of Hermes.

Now Doissetep is once again in the Umbra, in the Shade
Realin of Forces. From the outside, it appears to be a huge
‘mountain that resembles Mount Celidar in the Pyrenees,
where the Chantry appeared in the physical world. Atop this
isasprawlingcastle.Irsarchitecture isirregular and apparently
reflects nothing of its original design; the exterior and many
inner areas were changed 0 resemble medieval styles of
building. The interior is dark and the libraries, though exten-
sive and among the best the Traditions possess, are dusty and
filled with huge, folio-sized, handwritten volumes.

Beneath the fortress is a maze of catacombs and laby-
rinths. These tunnels lead (for those who know the way) toa


great chamber knownas Gateway. This nexus contains Portals
centered on Doissetep from many locations. These include
some 40 to Earth, perhapsa half-dozen to other Shade Realms,
and a few to other Chantries. The mages of Doissetep journey
to the Umbra through these portals.

Doissetep's mages live in small, spartan cubicles, and until
recently this kind of regimentation and monasticism was
reflected in their organization. Older mages from all Traditions
at the Chantry (primarily the Order of Hermes, Akashic
Brotherhood and Verbena) went into a long period of somno-
lence after the return from Earth. Only during the last decade,
after successfully repelling a number of attacks from Iteration
X Chantries, did Doissetep's mages find new vigor, becoming
actively involved in the Horizon Wars. Now younger mages
(nearly second-class citizens before) have a voice, and the
Chantry is recruiting new blood and associate memberships.
Today Doissetep is the political center for those who oppose
the rule of the Technocracy.

This Chantry has no definite leader, but one mage,
Caeron, who first proposed the new policies, now wields
considerable influence.

The Chantry also possesses a huge numbers of servants.
Most were born here and come from long lineages of Acolytes.

Null-B
This is the Technomancer Chantry most dedicated tothe
imposition of industrialization and reason — the

Technomancer view of reality — upon the Earth . Null-B is
also the headquarters of most Technomancer campaigns in the
Horizon Wars. The Chantry is the result of efforts to create a
place for research in the Umbra.

Null-B looks like a gigantic Victorian factory, floating on
aslab of gray rock. The architecture is Early Industrial, and the
building is littered with courtyards, smokestacks, leaded glass
and bustling workers. From the outside, the Chantry seems
quite archaic, but it isactually very high-tech. The mages there
have access to the newest developments of the Machine
World.

Null-B is where the Technomancers study the use of
technology and magick in the Umbra. The mages of Null-B
develop hybrid Talismans for war in the Deep Umbra, and the
Traditions have lost several battles because of such innova-
tions.

Oflate, Null-B has perfected the design ofa Techno-spirit
called the webspider. These creatures travel through the
Umbra, seeking out Nodes and reporting whatever they find.
Vendiz, the leader of Null-B, uses the spiders to spy on
Chantries. Webspiders are self-replicating and extremely hard
to detect. They seek out any mechanical or technological
device and build nests inside it to maintain and even increase
the machine's efficiency. On Earth they operate as spirits, but
in the Umbra they take on physical form. No more than an
inch in length, they look like tiny robotic spiders. Woe to the
mage who forgets to leave his watch or Walkman behind ona
trip to his Chantry, for a tag-along webspider may become an
unwanted passenger.

Null-B is connected through portals to five different
military-industrial complexes in North America and England.
It also has one carefully guarded gate to the Machine World.
The Chantry is extremely wealthy in Quintessence because of
these rich contacts.

For other travel through the Umbra — particularly of a
military nature — Null-B maintains and equips a fleet of PT
boats, converted for use in the Umbra and manned with a
standing army of ‘marines.' The infamous Umbra jet-skis are
used as scouts forthe main force of PT boats. Engagements with
other Chantries persist on a virtually constant basis.

Once the marines take a Chantry, traps are laid at all
portals and entrances. During the next month, anyone passing
through is captured and put on trial. After that, Portals are
closed, the Chantry structure is utterly destroyed, and a
garrison is left to ensure that it is never again used. In this way,
seven Tradition Chantries have been destroyed by Null-B.

The only thing that keeps Null-B from completely de-
stroying all Tradition Chantries is the fact that the
Technomancer base is under constant attack by a group of
mysterious Marauders.


LEE TEES LEE eS ee oe

nha BE Bat

Between the idea
And the reality
Between the motion

8 "All Hollow's Eve" is the first chapter in a
longer story called Loom of Fate, published
separately and available where you found Mage.
However, this introductory story stands alone,
and allows players to pursue various tangents.
Toward that end, you will find suggestions for
weaving these plot threads into whatever
chronicle concept you choose.

This story introduces the Gothic-Punk setting
and presents one way in which a Mage story can unfold.
Chapter Three described a number of story types; this story
expandsupon the Traditions vs. Technomancers concept. While
San Francisco is the assumed setting, you may change it as you
wish.

Theme and Mood

You might describe the dominant theme as "things are
not always what they seem." Think back to those Twilight

And the act
Falls the Shadow.
—TS. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"

Zone™ episodes, such as when a woman discovers she is really
a mannequin, or when a conscientious man frees a prisoner
actually Satan! Norna Weaver, the Storyteller's main charac-
ter in this story, is not just a young woman; in fact, she ends up
being much more than her powers suggest.

To accentuate the theme, apply an eerie mood. The freak
accident provides a good start. Expand upon it until events
seemunbelievably coincidental, all the while keepingastraight
"Rod Serling" face. After the calamitous accident scene, the
players' characters might turn a comer to enter a deserted and
silent street. Later, a sudden wind clears away drifts of gray fog,
only toreplace them with blowing debris. Confront the players
with strange sounds and even stranger sights. Have them jump
at shadows, some of which conceal very real threats


Plot

No matter where they live, or how reclusively they live,
all characters somehow acquire a parchment-colored business
card:

MADAME CLEO VERTHANK)
Old World Oracle
* Fortunes Told
* Fates Revealed
* The Gift Deck Is Never Wrong
Tempest's Eye
Hyde Street Pier

San Francisco No Telephone

Written on the reverse in cramped calligraphy is the
message, "I shall see you at dusk, on All Hallow's Eve."
Additional motivation depends upon character personality
and your chronicle style — perhaps characters intend to prove
Madame Cleo a charlatan, or know her to be a true mage and
decide toseek her advice. In any case, the plot develops around
atrip to see this fortuneteller. However, the characters never
actually make it there, so the details of actually meeting her are
left to you (for now).

On their way, the characters are embroiled in a chaotic
traffic accident. The most obvious catalyst isa little girl, Norna
Weaver, who exudes magickal power. Spurred by curiosity, the
characters pursue Norna. They discover that she is an Orphan
(a likely Hollow One!), unaware of her power's true nature.
Furthermore, she is hunted by the mysterious Men in Black,
and haunted by visions of a horrible fate.

Besides these key developments, mages may pursue a
number of other subplots. The accident provides them the
opportunity to explore their feelings toward Sleepers (i-e., are
they worth saving?) and perhaps begins a pattern of either
static or dynamic magick use. Rescue attempts may make
characters heroes.

Mages may further investigate Norna Weaver, the Men
in Black, or return to the accident scene for more clues. The
meeting with Madame Cleo still waits. These plot threats will
unwind in Loom of Fate. For now, details are intentionally left
vague, providing many tangents to explore in your chronicle.

Seiting

On the evening of October 31st, mages cross downtown
San Franciscoon their way tomeet the mysterious fortuneteller,
Madame Cleo. Remnants of afternoon fog cling tenaciously to
the concrete valleys below Nob Hill. While traveling north on
Taylor, characters pass the aluminum-clad Hilton Hotel,
apartments in Classical and Revivalist styles, and Victorian
townhouses framed by wrought iron tracery. Some of the
smaller buildings, such as clubs and theaters, boast Spanish-
style roofs and architectural spillover from nearby Chinatown.

Children disguised as monsters and Ninja Turtles roam
the sidewalks playing trick-or-treat. Concemed parents hover
nearby. Here two punks fight over the right to smash a jack-o-
lantern. There a leper seeking spare change first begs, then
assaults a hippie. The street scene overloads all five senses:
dense but speeding traffic, honking horns and squealing tires,
the smell — almost taste — of vehicle exhaust, and constant
feelings of claustrophobia.

From somewhere over this cacophony, the following
radio message blares:

"...no comment. Now let's check in with Merika Seth,
reporting live from Taylor and California. Merika?"

"Thanks, Bob. From this vantage, I suggest that listeners
avoid the downtown entirely. Even the normally uncongested
Taylor Street is crammed with vehicles spilling over from the
gridlock on Grant Avenue. The traffic situation is partially due
to a final surge of rush hour traffic and crowds of trick-or-
treaters. But mostly we can blame this afternoon's win by our
Giants over the A's. | think everyone agrees that the exciting
result of this six-game series is well worth the delay.

"And those quakes which damaged the two stadiums
earlier this month are all the excitement Mother Nature's
given us. This last day of October ends with the average
temperature of 61 degrees Fahrenheit. For tomorrow, I predict
more exciting weather — thunderstorms and lots of rain for
the first week of November."

The first announcer cuts back in: "And we all know
Merika's forecasts have never been wrong. That's Weather
and Traffic, here on WWGS. Next..."

Characters reach the intersection of Taylor and Califor-
nia in time to see the weather lady wrapping up her report. A
red-and-green cable car runs slowly east, up Nob Hill. Amid
apartments and hotels towers Grace Cathedral, its strange
architectural style best described as "Gothic in Reinforced
Concrete." Its rose windows illuminate its internal darkness.

Within Grace Cathedral, tiers of stained glass extend
along its length, rising to the roof groins. Other details include
a 15th century carved oak altar piece, a medieval Spanish
crucifix, a 16th century Belgian tapestry, and an organ boast-
ing 7000 pipes. Mages who roll Perception + Awareness
(difficulty 8; three successes needed) feel uneasy about the
place — and well they should. The bishop of this diocese,
Reverend John Williams, has defected to the Technocracy.

Vehicular Chaos

Anumber of dramatic events occur during this scene. Not
only are they intended to provide excitement, but to develop
the personalities of characters as they react to the crisis.

As characters approach the intersection of Taylor and
California, reality begins to unwind. Each character must roll
Perception + Alertness (difficulty 4) and consult the "Vehicu-
lar Chaos Perception Check" table.

After this initial event, chaos continues to escalate. Make
this accident worthy of a high-budget action movie — that is,

APL a PEL SE ae

ae econ oe

eee rete oe

totally unrealistic. Players who successfully dodge, but score
only one or two successes in so doing, should suffer complica-
tions. Perhaps the driver of the characters' car (if they're in
one) swerves to avoid the Honda, only to bear down on Norna
Weaver... and the brakes fail! Meanwhile, the Honda strikes
Merika Seth (the radio reporter). Vehicles and pedestrians
tragically mingle. A petroleum truck skids into two streetlamps
near Huntington Cemetery, and sparks threaten to ignite the
fuel. Nona moves through the midst of this chaos, seemingly
oblivious yet nevertheless escaping unscathed. Mages who act
fast can prevent most of the impending fatalities.

Players are bound to work inventive magick to save
themselves and others. Mages of Correspondence might use
static magick to augment dodges, or dynamic magick to shift
out of the way completely. Forces effects can drain a car's
kinetic energy, while Matter effects may reduce its ma

After the accident, characters may deal with injuries.
With so many witnesses, all wounds are considered aggra-
vated. Someone with an Influence Background finds himself
interviewed by Merika Seth (who seems quite healthy despite
her apparent "incident" — she is actually an HIT Mark
monitoring the area; the Honda, however, sportsa nasty dent).

Although characters may pursue a number of options
from here (including a visit to the hospital), they probably
pursue Norna Weaver. If not, prompt them toward that course
viaan Intelligence + Intuition roll (difficulty 6). Afterall, how
could the girl have escaped all that carnage unscathed?

What's Going On?

The Technocracy, interested in perverting Norna's pow-
ers to its cause, has clouded her mind. She believes she's going
toanightclub called "The Cathedral" (and that it's later, or at
least darker, than it really is). Inside, Reverend Williams is to
restrain the girl and take her to the Technocracy's drop-point:
Computer Junction, a computer retail store in a mall several
miles away (see Computer Junction, below).

Though Norna is fooled ona conscious level, her subcon-
scious is fighting back. It works magick which draws so much
attention to her that the plans of the Technomancers will be
foiled.

The Cathedral

To chase Norna Weaver, players must make extended
Perception + Investigation rolls (difficulty 7) and accumulate
five successes. Correspondence magick might also assist. The
chase may be complicated by the need to avoid crashing
vehicles and media coverage.

Norna takes refuge in Grace Cathedral, which she be-
lieves to bea nightclub. After enteringshe wanders around the
perimeter of the place, but in a few moments makes her way to
the center of the "dance floor" and begins to dance to nonex-
istent music.

Ifthe characters approach Nora tospeak, she apparently
has a hard time hearing them (over the "music"). She ceases


Vehicular Chaos
Perception Check:

The mage's mind is elsewhere,
but she is jarred back to reality
by impact with a car. She does
not gain the benefit of a dodge
roll, but can still roll for soak
(see details in main text). A
more alert companion could
possibly push her out of the
way oraffect thecarviamagick.
Failure: Same as above, but she may
still make a last-minute dodge
(difficulty 8).
She sees nothing but the obvi-
ous — that described above.
She may also dodge the car
hurtling toward her (difficulty
1).

Two successes: ~Thecharacternoticesa Honda
Preludeswerve toward herand
may dodge (difficulty 6).

Three successes: The oncoming Hondaswerves
toavoidagirl (Norna Weaver)
who hopped off a cable car in
the middle of traffic. The char-
acter may dodge (difficulty 5).

Four successes: All traffic signals at the inter-
section show green or "walk."
A character with at least one
Sphere in Entropy realizes the
malfunctioning signals and
brake failures are caused by
magick — Entropy magick
emanating from Norna
Weaver. The character may
dodge the approaching car (dif-
ficulty 4).

Five successes: A character with Entropy 2+
is so alert she can attempt to
minimize the randomness and
bring chance back into bal-
ance. Otherwise, she may
dodge (difficulty 3).

To dodge, roll Dexterity + Dodge (or Dexterity +
Drive if ina vehicle). Each success reduces damage by
one Health Level; zero damage indicates complete
safety. Base damage from a collision is one Health
Level foreach 10 mphof the offending vehicle (assume
a40 mph speed limit). Seat belts add three dice when
soaking impact damage.

One success:

even trying to listen to characters listening aftera first attempt,
unless one of the characters dances with her. Remember, she
thinks she's at a club called The Cathedral, so talk of such a
place does not faze her.

Noma only speaks at length to those who gain her
attention (Appearance + Leadership; difficulty 5; two suc-
cesses needed). A character who fails receives a sarcastic
response.

Total acceptance of the characters takes time and ex-
tended Charisma + Expression rolls (difficulty 6; 10 successes).
Mages who share similar philosophies with Norna face less
difficulty; refer to the Hollow Ones' stereotypes in Chapter
Six. Threats or hostility are greeted with Norna's subconscious
magick — the offending character trips, perhaps.

Characters surely have many questions. You must deter-
mine how much Norna gives away, while at the same time
preserving suspense.

Reverend John Williams

An ex-member of the Celestial Chorus, wooed by the
words and power of the Technocracy, Williams has a simple
task — subdue Norna and deliver her to his New World Order
superiors. Neither they nor he counted on her subconscious
magick drawing such a crowd.

If the characters arrive at the cathedral late, you have to
decide whether or not Williams has already abducted Noma
and left for Computer Junction. If so, the characters may be
able to track him via magick (or the trail of damage left by
Nora).

If characters follow shortly behind Norna, Williams
watches the scene between the parties before deciding what to

John Williams

Tradition: Celestial Chorus (not yet New World
Order)

Essence: Questing

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Director

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Awareness 2, Brawl 1, Intimidation 3, Sub-
terfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Research 3, Technology 2

Knowledges: Computer 2, Cosmology 1, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 2, Occult 3, Science 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 1

Spheres: Forces 3, Prime 2, Spirit 2

Willpower: 5

Arete: 3

Quintessence: 6

Paradox: 0

ann 2a eee

a ewe

mo

was


do. As soon as the characters attempt to convince Nora to
leave or begin to stumble upon the truth, Williams confronts
them. His first tactic is to intimidate characters ("Whatare you
doing in here!?" or "Unhand that poor girl!"). Failing that, he
demands that they leave her in his care ("She obviously has
problems so severe that only the love of family will heal her.
Sheshould remain here."). Failing even that, he isata loss until
the Men in Black suddenly show up to take over. If the Men
in Black attack the characters, Williams helps at first but is
soon commanded to take Norna away.

Acall times, Williams should present the appearance of
an interested, sincere priest. The only time this demeanor
should change is upon the appearance of the Men in Black, or
if the characters recognize the Node of the church.

If forced to fight in the cathedral, Williams takes full
advantage of his home turf. In his Node he gains the benefit of
20 Quintessence.

There exists between the cathedral and Computer Junc-
tionaresidual trail of magick, left in the Umbra by theconstant
motion of Technomancer agents between the sites. Mages
with Rank One in either the Spirit or Correspondence Sphere
may be able to detect this trail. They can follow it back to the
store, the other major site of Technomancer activity.

If characters follow the trail to the computer store, Wil-
liamsattempts to escape assoonas the players depart, orassoon
as an opportunity presents itself.

What's Going On?

Williams isa recent convert to the Technocracy. He has
used his magick to convince everyone in his "flock" to pur-
chase new videophones. With such devices installed in every
home, mages of the New World Order can better intrude upon
homes and lives.

When the opportunity to snag Norna Weaver presented
itself, the New World Order put Williams to the task while
Men in Black were dispatched to back him up.

Men in Black

If the characters ever threaten Williams or try to remove
Noma from the cathedral, they hear loud but distant footsteps
echoing from the front of the nave. Turning around, they are
shocked to see men standing no more than a yard away. Each
is dressed completely in black — from mask to traction boots.
The men are decidedly menacing. There is one Man in Black
for every two characters, but no more than four total.

Because the Men in Black virtually ignore the characters
unless attacked, and instead speak to Williams, mages may
study them carefully. The mages may never have heard of Men
in Black, and have probably never seen one unless they have
had trouble with the Technocracy in the past. One Man in
Black asks Williams, "Is there a problem, Reverend?"

Though the Men in Black make veiled threats, they do
Not initiate combat. They defend themselves by drawing and
firing their pistols or using their Spheres. They never seek

cover and never register pain. You may determine the Spheres
possessed by the Men. Choose the Spheres with which youare
most comfortable, so you can think of a great variety of effects
and coincidences.

Here are some ideas:

Correspondence: the Men are so sneaky that one man-
ages to get behind a mage; a bullet co-locates to hita mage from
several angles at once

Entropy: the chain on the big chandelier overhead weak-
ens and snaps, sending the chandelier crashing into the
characters; the mage meant to attack the Man in Black with
Forces but chooses the wrong one (they all look the same
anyway)

Forces: loose wiring allows a mage to be shocked

Life: the mage's leg breaks when the pews in front of and
behind him happen to fall together and pin his leg; the damage
toa Man in Black wasn't as threatening as the character first
thought

Matter: the mage gets butterfingers and can't hold onto
whatever's in her hands; the mage isn't even holding what she
thought she was — she must have grabbed the wrong item

Mind: the character suffers from Norna's nightclub delu-
sion; the mage can't think ofanything but how much he would
like to sit down and take a rest

Prime: the mage's Quintessence is being drained away;
the Quintessence used by a mage to create Forces effects is
rendered inert

Spirit: a Technomancer Paradox spirit is summoned; the
mage's Avatar is momentarily confused, leaving the mage
without magick for a few turns

Time: a Man in Black predicted what a mage would do
next and is ready to thwart the attempt; the character is
suddenly dizzy from a knock on the head (make dizziness
coincidental if he actually did get hit in the head); his
opponent seems to be moving twice his own speed

What's Going On?

The Men have orders to get Norna Weaver. The safety of
the convert (Williams) pales in comparison to this task, so the
ex-Chorus member is on his own after the Men arrive. How-
ever, if the Men are evenly matched or outmatched by the
characters, they encourage Williams to depart with the girl.
They assume he won't be stupid enough to go to Computer
Junction, but he is, and does.

Computer Junction

The trail of wreckage left by Norna and her subconscious,
orthe magick trail left by the Technomancers leads characters
to this store. The store is open until 9 p.m., so note when
charactersarrive. A few employeesare inside, cleaning up until
10 p.m..

Unless the characters use some impressive magick and
careful methods, the Technomancers clear out by the time the
characters arrive. All trails have been cut and absolutely no


leads exist. The employees who remain are all innocent
(though struggling with their chores because their minds have
been left magickally numbed).

Only if the characters fail to catch Williams at the
cathedral, and they follow him here, do they find anything of
import. Williams is waiting in the back room with a bound
Norna. Whomever he's waiting for never shows, and Williams
himself is uncertain exactly whom he awaits.

Norna Weaver

The daughter of an eminent surgeon and a Rich Bitch,
Norna grew up with all the luxuries money could buy. She
developed into a child prodigy. Norna mastered Spanish and
Latin by age eight. She showed promise in a number of artistic
pursuits — such as poetry, painting and ballet — though her
instructors were concerned with her morbid subject matter. Of
course, Norna's parents denied that anything could be psycho-
logically wrong with their brilliant child.

Despite Norna's apparent advantages, her upbringing was
far from normal. Her mother treated her more like a possession
thana loved one, paradoxically allowing free expression while
confining her with overprotectiveness. Her father showed
some true affection, but in a strange manner — they spent
quality time in the emergency wards and research labs of the
UC Medical Center. Norna's father is dead now.

Besides Norna's mundane problems, she suffers from two
inexplicable phenomena: flashes of precognition, which too
oftencome trueand hintata terrible fate that looms before her;
and acharmed life despite the frequent accidents that seem to
follow her.

Tradition: Hollow One

Essence: Primordial

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Curmudgeon/Deviant

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 1, Awareness 3, Expression 4, Intu-
ition 4, Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Etiquette 2, Meditation 1, Research 1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Computer 1, Culture 2, Etiquette 3, Linguis-
tics 2, Medicine 1, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 5, Destiny 5, Dream 5

Spheres: Entropy 3, Time 3

Willpower: 10

Arete: 3

Quintessence: 5

Paradox: 3

a rl

=e

a et ee


pte eg Te ee 2

wom sew cre ew ce scr oe

\
'

Image: A young woman with black, braided hair pulled
back severely from a high forehead. Her eyes are dark and
knowing; those who meet her gaze invariably feel violated, as
if she knows their innermost feelings and thoughts. Norna
tends to dress in bulky skirts, stockings and soft shoes — all
black; a dark-colored shawl covers her green sweater.

Roleplaying Hints: Continually stare at people, but
rarely speak. What you do say should often be weird and
disturbing (e.g., Player: "What's your name, little girl?" Norna:
"We're all gonna die, you know."). Defy orders with sarcasm
and smart-ass comments; if the authority figure fails to cave in
easily, comply with a resentful glance.

Cabal: None yet. Those who recruit Norna would gain
much power and prestige from her great Avatar and looming
fate. Unfortunately, her attitude and the troubles that sur-
round her might teach a some painful lessons.

Conclusion and
Chronicle Ties

This story leaves a number of loose ends. Your troupe may
investigate these as desired, possibly weavingan entirechronicle
from one or more plot threads. Below are some ideas about how
"All Hollow's Eve" might fit into each chronicle concept
discussed in Chapter Three.

Founding a Chantry: Many things indicate that Noma
Weaver has strong magickal potential and could contribute
greatly to mage society. Many Chantries may fight for the
prestige of recruiting her; among them are Hollow Ones,
Primordial Essence mages and Technomancers. And why not
the players' characters?

Retainers of a Chantry: Madame Cleo, the fortuneteller
whose invitation started this story, is in fact a true mage — a
Master of Time. She has foreseen something of her Chantry's

fate and needs the characters' help tosave it. She can continue
toprovide vague and subtle guidance throughout the chronicle.

Street Gang: Norna can only stay hidden from the
Technomancers by living on the streets. They may continue
to search for her, but the characters can (hopefully) keep her
safe until she learns what's going on.

Fighting the Technocracy: Who was at Computer Junc-
tion? It must have been a powerful mage if Men in Black were
at his command, so why didn't he stay to fight? Why did he
remain unseen? He may well return to wreak terrible ven-
geance upon those who ruined his plans.

Espionage: After being informed of her true nature,
Noma might be willing to serve asa front to get the characters
inside the Technocracy. She just has to pretend to join the
Technocracy after all...

Quest for Ascension: Norna has an incredible destiny
ahead. Could it lead all the way to Ascension? Perhaps those
who accompany her will Ascend as well.

Surmount the Quiet: The intensity of the characters'
Quiets increases whenever Norna is around. Does this mean
that Norna is actually a part of their delusions? Is she a
Hobgoblin that returned with one of them? Where is she
leading them with such certainty of purpose? It's best to ask
questions, lest one be led altogether beyond the bounds of
sanity.

Ivory Tower: This is what the characters get for trying to
keep a mysterious appointment. In their naive way, they
probably suspect Madame Cleo of some part in Williams'
deception.

Exploration of the Tellurian: Maraudersalsoseek Nora.
Was the traffic incident intended to kill her, or merely an
accidental side effect induced by the imminent appearance of
one or more Marauders? This may be the first in a series of
chaotic events, each tied to Marauder activity.


Bibliography

Creativity is hiding your sources.
— Mark Rein® Hagen, Vampire: The Masquerade

Whoops! I don't think I've hidden too well. Robert M.
Pirsig's work had an unmistakable effect on the design of this
game. I read Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance in the
hope that it would get my mind on the right track for designing
Mage. I enjoyed it, so I jumped on Lila when it was released at
the end of 1991. Mage was originally being designed as a game
about modern users of magick who could forge their own
paradigms, but Lila gave me an entirely different slant on that
approach and gave me irreplaceable terminology at the same
time. What if mages were the embodiments of the Dynamic
Quality Pirsig preached?

Books other than these two by Pirsig were useful and often
influential in designing this game, and I would like to mention
as many as possible. Here is a list of some of the books I
referenced when working on Mage:

© Bach, Richard, Illusions, Dell, 1977.

—Jonathan Livingston Seagull would have been appropri-
ate too, but there is only so much time for reading (even when
it's only a one-sitting book). Two different people suggested
Illusions, so I took note and read this one-sitting book.

© Barker, Clive, Imajica, Harper, 1991.

— This book was one of many synchronicities that
seemed to surround the early stages of Mage. It has unbeliev-
able similarities to many concepts embodied in Mage.

© Castaneda, Carlos, Journey to Ixtlan, Touchstone,
1972.

— I was told that this was the best of the Don Juan books
and it's chock-full of good quotes for Mage.

© Carse, James P., Finite and Infinite Games, Ballantine,
1986.

— This book was a mind-blowing case of synchronicity
when I discovered the Pirsig quote on the back.

© Denning, Melitaand Osbome Phillips, The Foundations
of High Magick, Llewellyn, 1991.

— My copy is full of highlighted passages, so this book
must have been useful to me. A very good overview of the kind
of magic with which most roleplayers will be familiar —
Hermetic magic.

© Dick, Philip K., Clans of the Alphane Moons, Bluejay
Books, 1984.

—Long recognized by insiders asa writer of extraordinary
talent and insight, Dick is now achieving notice by a more
mainstream audience. I've read only a few of his wonderful
books, but of them this one qualifies as a Mage book. It's about
drawing the line between sanity and madness —an issue at the
heart of this game.

© Hardison Jr., O.B., Disappearing through the Skylight,
Viking Penguin, 1989.

— A great look at how times are changing, and people
along with them.

© Howard, Michael, The Occult Conspiracy, Destiny Books,
1989.

— An intriguing look at how mages might be directing
events in the real world. =

© Keyes, Daniel, Flowers for Algemon, Bantam Books,
1975.

— This book is often part of middle-school summer
reading programs; | finally got around to reading it at age 24.
Besides being a fine story, it's a Mage book because it concerns
changing perceptions of the world. It also describes the cruel
fate the Progenitors inflict on many of their flunkies.

* Kraig, Donald Michael, Modern Magick, Llewellyn,
1992.

— A reading won't do much for you unless you're really
into this stuff, but it's full of interesting symbolism.

© Pirsig, Robert M., Lila, Bantam Books, 1991.

© Pirsig, Robert M., Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Mainte-
nance, Bantam New Age, 1981.

—Read ‘em both, though I think Lila is the better of the
two.

© Postman, Neil, Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture to
Technology, Vintage Books, 1993.

— Released in April of 1993, this book almost came too
late. If it had been published a year earlier, developing the
Technocracy (a term Postman also uses!) would have been a
snap. This could be a handbook to the Technocracy.

Tyson, Donald, The New Magus, Llewellyn, 1988.

—The introduction alone is worth the price ofadmission.

* Tyson, Donald, Ritual Magic, Llewellyn, 1992.

— A fine summary of the history of magic with a brief
discussion of several different kinds of magic as well.

© Vertigo Comics, an imprint of DC Comics.

— Various comics in this new imprint of DC Comics are
incredibly useful for Mage. There are a couple of obvious ones
— Sandman and Hellblazer — but for pure "mageliness," you
can't beat Kid Eternity.

© Yatri, Unknown Man, Fireside, 1988.

— One man's view of Ascension.

ak De a

Rae nc

2

2. a°r a.

= ee oe:

am os

ma

a

wt ee


he

Oe hah

aE Pe ze.

eg eT ee reg Tee ee eT ee

ed

Last Words

Y I was drivinghome from the White WolfGame
Studio early in the morning one night last
week. While making my usual left-hand tum
off Brer Rabbit Road, I caught a glimpse of the

*] moon through my open window. It was a full

moon, and for a split second I thought I saw a

face. A really detailed face. It wasa full, friendly

face with a bulbous nose that seemed to extend

beyond the edge of the moon. The motion of

my glance, and a desire to watch the road as I drove, drew my

eyes away from the moon before I realized what I saw. When
T again looked, the face was gone, of course.

It's that "of course" which I find most disheartening, and
that sense of loss is woven into Mage. I chuckled at my folly of
seeing a face in a moon before I realized that my presumably
mistaken perception was the stuff from which ancient people
built their mythologies. It is nothing but my belief in science
that caused me to dismiss what I saw. It was nothing but a belief
in magick that made those ancient people believe what they
saw.

Idon't want to seemas though I'm looking back fondly on
some innocent, lost age. Science is simply providing man's best
way of describing the universe. Maybe it will turn out to be the
right way, but considering its current, single-minded course, I
have my doubts. Science is teaching us how to think as surely
as it is revealing "truths" to ponder. The difference between
science and its agent, technology, is substantial, but that's
dealt with elsewhere in this book.

Humanity's existence could be described as a pursuit of
the secret order of things we know must exist. We have to
discover and quantify this order. Others have raised the
question that by defining the truth, we change it — perhaps
change it so much that it's no longer the truth but simply our
perception of it. Where in this result is the end or security we
crave? Without an end, without a goal, what will come of us
when we're forced to admit that the universe is unknowable,
as it just may be?

Mages have the benefit of knowing with absolute cer-
tainty that there is a greater truth, that there is something
worth striving for. This is the perennial advantage of fiction:
the characters can often be sure of their actions because they
are operating in a world created for them to understand. It's an
immense thrill for the creator as well. It makes the act of
creation more than just that of creating a world. It means he
creates truth. And when a creator does that, it can be a
disappointment to return to the real world, a world where he
no longer knows the truth. In the real world, like everyone else
already there, the creatorremains hesitant, unenlightened and
uncommitted.

In Mage I hope you will enjoy embracing a "truth" for a
time.

Asafinal note, I would like todomore to thank those who
helped create this game than simply lista name in the credits.
I want them to know that despite my extremely cantankerous
mood at times, I do appreciate the comments and advice they
offered. I spent endless hours wrestling with this monster and
at a certain point it became very difficult to work from the
framework of anyone's thoughts but my own. I may have gone
for too much in my first game, so thanks for reeling me in when
I needed a good bop on the head.

Thanks to Mark Rein® Hagen. I cannot fully express my
gratitude for his guidance. He steered me onto a path of
storytelling and now I want to blaze it with him.

Thanks to my brother, Stephan Wieck. In addition to his
colossal contributions to the game, his very timely arrival in
Georgia and extremely capable administrative hand allowed
me the necessary time to devote myself to Mage.

Thanks to Chris Earley. You took my "metaphysical"
concept to heart and may have been burnt by it, but concep-
tually the game simply would not be complete without your
fine ideas.

Thanks to Chris Hind. Some of your ideas from early
exchanges became major building blocks for the game.

Thanks to Travis Williams for organizing the playtest. I
kept the playtesters' comments in mind and they often served
as the proverbial straw when someone closer to the design of
the game pointed out the same shortcoming.

Thanks to Rob Hatch for dealing with my strange hours
and not throwing pencils at me when I finally showed up for
questioning. Thanks for your dedication toa job well done and
thanks for doing just that.

Thanks to Sam Chupp for being available for all those
last-minute writing chores that I no longer had the patience to
tackle. You didn't have time either, Sam, but you did great.

Thanks to all those members of the Game Studio who
gave me their thoughts throughout the process and especially
to those who rallied in the last few weeks (Bill Bridges and
Andrew Greenberg in particular) to put the game through its
Paces.

And thanks to all you members of the Studio who may
never have batted an eye at Mage but allow for its existence
through your careful and considerable efforts elsewhere.

Stewart Wieck
July 1993


A
Abilities 91, 100, 105
Acolyte 25, 52, 153
Action 92, 253-255
Adept 25, 36, 53, 168, 281
Advanced Storytelling Techniques
see Storytelling
Advantages 92, 101, 105-106
Aggravated Wounds 249
q.v. Health
Akashic Brotherhood 52, 116-117
Alertness 146
Allies 100, 153
Antagonists 66, 276-293
Appearance (describing characters) 102
Appearance (attribute) 104
Apprentice 25, 53, 56, 237-238
Arcadia 39, 49, 170
Arcane 25, 100, 153
Arcanum 278
Archetype 98, 136-141
Arete 92, 102, 157, 238
Armor 269
Artifacts 240
Ascension 24, 25, 35, 53
Ascension War 33, 42
Athletics 146
Attacking 263
q.v. Combat
Attribute 92, 99, 105, 143-145
Autochthonia 46
Automatic Success 88
Avant-Garde (archetype) 99, 137
Avatar 22, 23, 33, 167, 238
Avatar (background) 100, 154
Awakened 25, 32
Awakening 25, 137
Awareness 146

B

Background 100, 153-157
Allies 100, 153
Arcane 100, 153
Avatar 100, 154
Destiny 100, 154
Dream 100, 154
Influence 100, 155
Library 100, 155
Mentor 100, 156

Node 100, 157
Talisman 100, 157
Banes 51
Barriers 41
q.v. Gauntlet
Bibliography 303
Big Brother
see New World Order
Body Slam 267
Bon Vivant (archetype) 99, 137
Botch 88, 92
Branding 25, 58
Bravo (archetype) 98, 137
Brawling 146, 263-264, 267
Coincidences in, 268

c
Cabal 19, 25, 55, 66, 75
Prelude Questions 111
Caern 25
Caregiver (archetype) 99, 137
Casting Magick 172-178
Activity Modifiers 174
In Chimerae 181
In Realms 181
In the Umbra 180
Celestial Chorus 52, 98, 118-119, 278
Celestine 25
Censure 25, 58
Certamen 29
Chantry 19, 25, 55, 56
Sample 294-5
Chapter 86
Characters 19, 66, 92, 96-103
Character Creation 96-106
Example 103-107
Character Concept 96-98
Character Development 231-236
Character Sheet 104
Charisma 143
Chase Scenes
see Pursuit
Chimerae 40
Casting Magick in, 181
Chronicle 65-69
Concepts 68-71
Ending 80-81
Climbing 256
Cliques 126


er Teen ee re ee ee ee ee ee ee

eee ree ee ce cee oe

=n cee pcr oe

Codes

see Cryptology
Coincidental Magick 25, 170, 171, 177
also called Static Magick
Colleges 59
Combat 263-269
Attacking 263
Complications
Changing Action 265
Cover 265
Firefight Complications Table 265
Movement 265
Range 265
Dodging 263-264
Initiative 255
Combat Driving
see Stunt Driving
Computer (ability) 151
Conflict (in Storytelling) 74-76
Conformist (archetype) 99, 137
Conniver (archetype) 99, 137
Consors 29
Continuum 25
Convention 25, 45
Iteration X 45-46
New World Order 47
Progenitors 47, 283
Syndicate, The 47-48
Void Engineers 48-9
Copernicus 33, 43
Correspondence Sphere 183-189
Cosmology 151
Countermagick 176-177
Covenants 55
Critic (archetype) 99, 137
Cryptology 262
Cult of Ecstacy 52, 98, 120
Culture 151
Curmudgeon (archetype) 99, 138
Curtain 29
Custos 29

D
Damage
Coincidences for, 268
Falling 249
Fire 249
Firearms 267
Melee Weapons 267
Sphere Effects
Entropy 189
Forces 195
Life 197
all others 175
Deacon 25, 55
Deep Umbra 25, 40, 49
q.v. Umbra
Demeanor 98, 234
q.v. Archetype
Demon 25, 51
Demon Hordes 51

Destiny 100, 154
Deviant (archetype) 99, 139
Dexterity 143
Dice Pool 86, 92, 253
Dice Rolling

see Rolling Dice
Difficulty 87, 92
Director (archetype) 99, 139
Disciple 25, 36, 53, 168, 281
Disease 249
Do 116, 168, 179
Dodging 263-264
Dodge (ability) 255
Downtime 92, 252
Dragon, Lesser 285
Dream (background) 100, 154
Dream Lords 40, 181
Dream Realm 25, 40
Dream Sequence 76-77
Dream Worlds

see Chimerae
Dreamspeaker 52, 98, 122-123
Drive 149
Dying 249
Dynamic Magick 35

see Vulgar Magick
Dynamic Reality 25

E
Enchantment 240
qv. Talisman
Enigmas 152
Entropy Sphere
Epiphany 239
Errant 25, 56
Essence 98, 141-2, 239
Infinite 141
Dynamic 141
Pattern 141
Primordial 141
Questing 142
Etiquette 149
Euthanatos 52, 98, 124-125
Example of Play 270-273
Experience Points 232
Awarding 232
Experience Chart 232
Spending 232
Backgrounds 233
Willpower 233
cf. Study Points
Expression 147, 261
Extended Actions 88, 92

F

Facedown 261

Faeries 39, 49

Fanatic (archetype) 99, 187
Fast Talk 260

Feats of Strength 257
Federal Agents 276-277


Fellow 25, 55
Firearms (ability) 149
Firearms 266
Firearms Table 266
Gun Jams 255
Reloading 255
qw. Firefight
Firefight 263-267
Coincidences 268
Gun Jams 255
Multiple Shots
Full-auto 267
Spray 267

Three Round Burst 267

Flashback 77-78

Foci 26, 36, 157, 178, 242
Fomori 51
Foreshadowing 72
Freebie Points 102

Freud 43

G
Gaia 26, 39, 122-123
Garou 26, 280
Gate 26
Gauntlet 26
Ghouls 280
Gilgul 26, 58
Golden Rule 90
Gothic-Punk 31
Government Agents 276-277
Grappling 267
Grog 29
Guardian Spirits 293
Guns
see Firearms
Gun Jams 255

H
Health 92, 160, 248
Healing Times Table 248
Health Levels Table 161
HIT Mark 46, 282, 283
Hobgoblins 246
Hollow Ones 52, 60, 98, 126-127
Horizon 26, 41
Horizon Realms 26, 55
Hunter 278
HyperlntTech Mark V
see HIT Mark

I

Incarna 2:

Infinite Essence 141
Influence 100, 155
Initiation 26

Initiative 255
Injury 248-249
Inquisition 278
Intelligence 144
Interogation 261

is tee ator

Intimidation 147
Intuition 147
Investigation 152
Iteration X 45-46
HIT Mark 46, 282, 283
Autochthonia 46
J
Jester (archetype) 99, 139
Judge (archetype) 99, 139
Jumping 257
Jung 43, 136

K
Kindred 26, 280
Knowledges 100, 151-153

L
Law 152
Leadership 149
Lexicon 25-29
Ley Lines
see Tapestry
Library (Background) 100, 155
Linguistics 152
Live-Action 20
Loner (archetype) 139
Lord 26, 288
example 288
q.v. Umbrood and Spirit
Luna 39

M
Mages, Sample 281-282
Magic 26
cf. Magick
Magick 26, 35-37, 165
q.v. Concidental Magick
q.v. Vulgar Magick
Manticora 285
Manipulation 144
Marauder 26, 34, 50, 75, 284
Martyr (archetype) 140
Master 26, 36, 53, 168, 281
Matter 201-205
Medicine (ability) 152
Meditation 149
Melee (ability) 150
Melee 263-264, 267
Men In Black 47, 283
Mental Attributes 144-145
Mental Systems 262
Mentor 26, 56, 59, 100, 237-238
Metaphysic of Magick 166, 170
Mind Sphere 204-207
Mindscape 248
Minion 26, 289
example 289
q.v. Spirit
Movement 255
Multiple Action 253
Mythic Age 43, 50

Pe we

mAeass

Pome ee:

f.a8t Ba eo

mem a!

em no:

PI Pees

i
;
f

Le 2 ee Pe? Es

meet

rertstee ore

see ee

Mythic Remnants 284-285

N
Nature 98, 234
q.v. Archetype
Near Umbra 26, 38, 39, 41, 239
Nephandi 23, 34
example 286
Net, the 53, 56, 134
New World Order 47
Men In Black 47
Node 27, 36, 41, 55, 100, 157, 236
Non-Aggrevated Wounds
see Aggrevated Wounds

fe)
Occult 152
Oneira

see Dream Lords
Oracle 27, 36, 53, 157, 168-169
Oration 260
Order of Hermes 28-29, 35, 128, 278
Orphan 53
Ostracism 27, 58
Other Storyteller Games 275-276

P
Paradox 27, 36, 76, 102, 159, 160, 242-245
Paradox Backlash 243
Paradox Flaws 243-245
Paradox Realm 27, 40, 245
Paradox Spirit 27, 245, 290
examples 290-293
Parallel Stories 78
Pattern Essence 141
Pedagogue 27, 55
Perception 144
Performance 261
Physical Attributes 143
Physical Systems 256-259
Pogtom 27
Points 92
Police 277
Portal 27, 55
Postulant 27
Preceptor 27, 288
example 289
qv. Spirit
Prelude 66, 105-111
Prime 27, 33, 36, 39, 154
Primordial Essence 142
Progenitors 47, 283
Protocols 27, 57
Public Speaking
see Oration
Pure Form 286
Pure Ones 27, 33
Pursuit 258

Q
Questing Essence 142

Quiet 27, 76, 246-248

Quintessence 24, 28, 36, 92, 102, 154, 157, 159, 160, 169, 170
qv. Prime Sphere
q.v. Tass

Quirks 103

R
Rating 92
Re-rolling zeros
see Specialties
Realms 28
Casting Magick in, 181
Dream Realms 40
Horizon Realms 39, 55
Paradox Realms 27, 40, 245
Shade Realms 40
Shard Realms 39
Rebel (archetype) 98, 140
Reconciliation 118
Refresh 92
Reloading 255
Repair 257
Repetition (in Storytelling) 73
Research 156, 262
Rogue 56
Roleplaying 17
Goal 20
Rolling Dice 86-90
example of 270-1
Rotes 220-229
Ball of Abysmal Flame 223
Blissful Discipline 226
Curse of the Mayfly 222
Delion's Haze 222
Dream Locus 227
Drums of Elemental Fire 227
Flesh Toys 224
Fluids of Death 224
FOR NEXT Loop 220
Hymn of Beatific Harmony 227
Imbue Flesh 224
Incredible Shrunken Machine 224
Leap Beyond 227
Leap Sideways 227
Magdeline's Dynamic Mind 222
Mark of the Beast 227
Peeping Tom 228
Personal Compression 220
Play Back 221
Pulse of the Electro-Stream 223
Radiate Prime's Energy 227
Semi Auto CAD CAM 221
Sense the Echo of the Dragon 226
Serene Temple 226
Shango's Grave 222
Spirit Pilgrimage 227
Spontaneous Material Construction 225
Sugar Magnolias 228
Talisman Transmogrification 225
Transephemeration Ray Projector 225
Tune In, Turn On, Drop Out 228

Unseen Arm 223

Uther's Butchered Visage 224

Veil of Invisibility 223

Zen and the Art of Panhandling 229

s

Sample Adventure 296-302

Sample Character 106

Scene 85, 92, 252

Science (ability) 153

Searching 262

Seduction 259

Seeking, The 239

Sentinel 55, 93

Shadowing 257

Shard Realms 39

Simple Action 93

Skills 100, 149-151

Sleeper 28, 33, 76

Soak 264

Social Attributes 143-144

Social Systems 259

Sons of Ether 130

Specialties 142, 146

"Spells"
see Spheres, Sphere Effects and Rotes

"Spellbooks"
see Tomes

Sphere 18, 28, 35, 93, 101, 182
Correspondence 61, 167, 183-188
Entropy 61, 167, 189-193
Forces 61, 167, 194-196
Life 61, 167, 197-200
Matter 61, 167, 201-203
Mind 61, 167, 204-207
Prime 61, 167, 208-211
Spirit 61, 167, 212-216
Time 61, 167, 218-219

Sphere Effects
Accelerate Time (Tim.) 218
Alter State (Mat.) 203
Alter Weight (Mat.) 203
Analyze Substance (Mat.) 202
Animal Form (Mat.) 201
Better Body (Lif.) 199
Blight of Aging (Ent.) 193
Bond of Blood (Pri.) 211
Breach the Gauntlet (Spi.) 215
Break the Dreamshell (Spi.) 215
Call Lightning (For.) 195
Call Spirit (Spi.) 214
Correspondence Sensing (Cor.) 185
Create Fetish (Spi.) 215
Create Talisman (Pri.) 211
Darksight (For.) 195
Deep Umbra Travel (Spi.) 215
Destroy Thought (Ent.) 193
Dim Mak (Ent.) 191
Discharge Static (For.) 195
Divided Sight (Cor.) 186
Dreamer's Shroud from Day (Cor.) 186

Embracing the Earth Mother (For.) 196
Erode Matter (Ent.) 193

Filter All-Space (Cor.) 186
Flames of Purification (Pri.) 211
Fragments of Dream (Mat.) 202
Free Conjunction (Cor.) 188
Games of Luck (Ent.) 192
Gauntlet Prison (Spi.) 215
Genetics Scan (Lif.) 198

Graphic Transmission (Min.) 206
Heal Simple Creature (Lif,) 199
Heart Murmurs (Ent.) 193
Hermes' Portal (Cor.) 186

Ho Tien Chi (Lif.) 199

Internal Clock (Tim.) 218

Kick of the Four Winds (Cor.) 187
Landscape in the Mind (Cor.) 185
Little Good Death (Lif.) 198
Locate Disorder (Ent.) 192
Manipulate Memory (Min.) 207
Matter Pattern Disassociation (Mat.) 202
Mold Tree (Lif.) 199
Multi-Tasking (Min.) 205
Mutate Form (Lif.) 200

No-Mind (Min.) 206

Pathos (Min.) 205

Physiological Emotion Control (Lif.) 200
Polyappearance (Cor.) 187
Possession (Min.) 207
Postcognition (Tim.) 218

Prayer of Healing Revelation (Lif.) 198
Probe Thoughts (Min.) 207
Programmed Event (Tim.) 219
Psychic Sterilization (Spi.) 215
Quantify Energy (For.) 195
Quintessence Blast (Pri.) 211
Recharge Gift (Pri.) 211

Rip the Man-Body (Lif.) 200
Ripple through Space (Cor.) 186
Rubbing of the Bones (Pri.) 211
Rush, The (Pri.) 210

Sculpture (Mat.) 203

Sense Quintessence (Pri.) 210
Seven-League Stride (Cor.) 185
Sidestep Time (Tim.) 219

Slay Machine (Ent.) 192

Slow Time (Tim.) 219

Songs of Future Days (Tim.) 218
Sounding the Gong (Cor.) 187
Spatial Mutations (Cor.) 188
Spirit Sight (Spi.) 214

Stalking the Void (Cor.) 188
Stepping Sideways (Spi.) 214
Subliminal Impulse (Min.) 206
System Havoc (For.) 195

Tapping the Signal (Mat.) 204
Telekinetic Control (For.) 196
Telepathy (Min.) 206

Time Sense (Tim.) 217

Time Travel (Tim.) 219
Transmutation (Mat.) 204

q
F;


¥
b

Untether (Min.) 207
Walking on Water (For.) 196
Sphere Effects Tables
Damage
Entropy 189
Forces 195
Life 197
All Others 175

Spirits 38, 41, 170, 239
Stamina 143
Static Magick 35
see Coincidental Magick
Static Reality 22, 28, 166
Stealth 150, 259
Storyteller, The 18, 63, 93,96
Storytelling 17, 63-69
Streetwise 148
Strength 143
Seudy Points 235,
Subterfuge 148, 260, 261
Survival 150
suspense (in Storytelling) 74
‘Symbolism (in Storytelling) 74
nposium 28, 50
Syndicate 47-48
System 93
Physical Systems 256.259
Mental Systems 262
Social Systems 259-261
see Destiny
Survivor 98, 146
ry 98, 146
Story Conce
Conflict 74-76
Telling Stor
se Storytelling

Tables

Activity Modifiers 174
(for Casting Magick)

Armor 269
Brawling 267
Catatonia (in Mindscape) 246
Delusions (in Quiet) 247
Firearms 266
Firefight Complications 265
Health Levels 161
Melee Weapons 267

Sphere Effects
Damage
Entropy 189
Forces 195
Life 197

All Others 175
Duration 175
Range
Correspondence 184
All Other 175

Talents 100, 146-149
Talisman 28, 36, 100, 157, 240
sing 241
Creating 241
Tass 28, 157, 169, 236
Technocracy 28, 33, 74
Technomancer 22, 23, 28, 42-50
Tellurian 28, 37, 170
Tibetan Hats 5
see Mark
Time Sphere 216-219
Tomes 235
Tribunal 28, 58
Tutor 2
Traditions 28, 35
Akashic Brotherhood 52, 98, 116-117
Delestial Chorus 52, 98, 118-119
Cult of Ecstacy 52, 98, 120-121
Dreamspeaker 52, 98, 122-123
Euthanatos 52, 98, 124-125
Hollow Ones 52, 98, 126-127
Order of Hermes 52, 98, 128-129
Sons of Ether 52, 98, 130-131
Verbena 52, 98, 132, 133
Virtual Adepts 52, 98, 134-135
Traditionalist (archetype) 99, 140
Traits 86, 93,96, 113
Troupe 93
Tracking 262
Turn 85

vu
Umbra 28, 151, 170

qu. Realms

qv. Near Umbra and Deep Umbea
Umbrood 29, 76, 288
Universal Unconscious 136, 154

v
Vampi

the Masquerade

‘Vampires 76, 280
Interacting with Mage 276

Verbena 52, 98, 132-133

Virtual Adepts 52, 98, 134-135

Vis 29

Visionary (archetype) 99, 141

Void Engineers 48-49

Vulgar Magick 29, 35, 170, 1

w

‘Weapons
see Firearms or Melee

Werewolf: The Apocalypse
Banes 51
Cacens 25
Converting Spirits 294
Fomori 51

16, 39, 122


Sr ee See cries re ce a tee eg re Te EE EEE

The Ascension

Name: 3 Tradition:
Player: Nature: Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Cabal:
LL LUG Sore
Physical Social Mental
Strength 10000 Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity OOOO = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
‘Stamina (OOOO = Appearance @0000 Wits @0000
i tee N |) lI16 Sates an eee een ecameranaeined
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness 00000 Drive ©0000 Computer. 00000
Athletics 0000 - Etiquette 00000 = Cosmology. 00000
Awareness OO0O0O00 Firearms 00000 Culture 00000
Braw OO0OO0 Leadership. 00000 _ Enigmas 00000
Dodge O0O000 Meditation 00000 Investigation ___O0000
Expression, 00000 00000 Law 00000
Intuition 00000 00000 Linguistics___ 00000.
Intimidation 00000 00000 Medicine ____00000
Streetwise, 00000 Survival 00000 = Occult. 00000
Subterfuge 00000 Technology__O0000 Science 00000

ceceieamammmnmmemen cn CC comm

Spheres
Correspondence ___00000 Life OOO000 Prime 00000
Entropy___ ©0000 Mind 00000 Spirit 00000
Forces 00000 | Matter. 00000 _ Time 00000
aa a
Backgrounds Arete Health
00000 0000000000 Bruised
—_ 00000 Willpower Hurt
00000 0000000000 Injured
00000 0000000000 = Weiinded)
: 00000 Guisssence aun 1 ee
: Combat o° Incapacitated
fo [Weapon Difficulty] Damage 2 Experience
1 "oO
} & Study Point:
: > oints
‘ 6 mee ly
Paradox

19/9/5 Spheres: 5 Backgrounds:

Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/4/2/1)

A Storytelling Game
of Modern Magic

Ruthles
Ir rules the crystalline earth
And suffocates us in

The Mar
