# File: Malkavian.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

| | , im

A Sourcebook for VAMPIRE:The Masquerade™


If YouBuy This, You'll Believe Anything
ByDaniel Greenberg


The important thing

is to pull yourself up by your own hair
to tern yourself inside out

and see the whole world with fresh eyes

Peter Weiss, The Persecutionand
Assassination of Jean-Paul Marat as Per-
formed by the Inmates of the Asylum of
Charenton under the Direction of the Mar-
quis De Sade


Most Kindred cling tothe familiar shoresof
sanity like drowning men, resisting the tug of
dark, seductive waters. Though they knowa
constant, low-level madness from their
slavery tothe bloodlust, most Kindred usually
resistitand fight offallotherderangements.
Someare eatenalive fromwithin by the Beast;
mostgrip their sanity withamiser sclutch,

Butsome Kindredplungeinwhere the
strongesteldersfearto go, giving fullventio
theirdemondesiresandmadcaprices. Some
doitby choice, butthe restdoitbecause they
are forcedto. The curse of Malkay has stolen
theirchoice in the matter, and they caneither
agree todive into madness, orbe dragged
under the murky waters by the chains of


(ibid ddd pd d ddd

Chapter Won: The Malkavians
Chapter To:Legends of the Malkavians 13
Chapter 3: Traditions of the Malkavians 21
ChapterFore!!!: Malkavian Templates 37
Liver}: Who's Who AmongMalkavians ??
Appendix2: The Secrettothe Riddle of the Universe

6



‘The

pendenc

Mad, adj.: Affected with a high degree of intellectual inde-
not conforming to the standards of thought, speech and
ived by the conforments from study of themselves.

Chapter Won:.
alkavians

— Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary

"No, no, no!" the old crone:

reeched, her fangs flashing
at Adam. "Again you make that same mistake! You're doing
itall wrong. Feel the Curse of Malkav shatter your mind, and
make the walls you see around you crumble into shal

Adam staggered backward, recling, "My head's pound-
ing," he gasped. "I can't stand it!"

"Then sit down, litle fool," she snapped. He stumbled
backward into a chair, holding his throbbing head as if to
prevent it from splitting open.

"How am I going to teach you to be a Malkavian when,
you won't even learn to focus your powers. | must have been
crazy to think you'd make a good Malkavian. I ought to return
you to the loony bin and your miserable life as a scholar
wasting away asasalesman. Well, I can't, so you're stuck with

me!

"Just give meaminute, "he said. "Ie's just.
with this ... this head rush!"
"Yes you CAN cope, you ninny, You're trying to shut
down the process justas itis starting to work."
Hay

ean'tcope

a I'm not

Please!"

"Oh, now the student thinks he can teach the master,
eh?" She cocked her enormous right eye at him as she
squinted her glazed left eye. "Very well. I'l give you five
minutes of peace before we start again."

He slumped forward in the chair, burying his face in his
hands and kneading his weary eyes. He was grateful for the
moment's respite.

"Aanaaaaargh!" she suddenly shrieked in his ear. He

yal
"You said five ... you said five minut
"And you BELIEVED me!" she cackled with glee.
"Mistress LaVeel, please! I can't cope!" he shouted. "My
body doesn't function rightany more, My mind doesn't work
any more. I can't remember things right. My head feels like
asieve, and my thoughts fall right through. I'm losing my ..
my THOUGHTS!"
"What you're losing is your sanity. You're becoming a
Malkavian."
"No! I'm sane!
"Ah, you came unwrapped long before I even met you."
"{ only had a nervous breakdown!"
"1 only had a nervous breakdown,"
whiny, singsong voice.
nerves. My

!" he protested.

she mimicked ina
"I had only broke down my only
1k me down. I only

Chapter Won gg Vil


bid ddd ddd

28 my entire painstakingly constructed world view shattered "Ifldid, yourk I gratitud

before my very eyes and I saw the great, naked universe in all But no, I did nothing but pass along the Curse of Malkav,
its unfettered glory! FEH! You are loony as a jay bird." which is forcing you to complete the process YOU began by
breaking down your nervous system!"
"Te hurts," he moaned. "It's painful."
"Good," she said with asneer. "Youcould
USE a bit of pain, ye whining whelp. Now go
awayand arrange toget yourselfa good thrash-
ing. I want to stare into the middle distance
for a little while seeking inspiration about
what to do with you. Or about how to piddle
on thenext Brujah rant. Nowgoon. Get out!"
Madame LaVeel pointed to the battered,
reinforced door that led up the basement
stairs. Her ghoul manservant Troy stepped
past Adam, opened a combination lock, slid
back the great bolt, and opened the door.
Adamfeltablastoffresh, cool airgust into the
musty, smelly basement. Without further
coaxing, he bolted from his site's haven and
ran out into the night.
"Ah, thatson of mine," Madame LaVeel
said with a sigh.
"Just like a callow youth to burst out so
rudely," Troy said, looking after Adam with a

trace of envy. "Oh well, the night air will do
him good."
"Oh no," Madame LaVeel said with a
wicked smile. "Ie will do him BAD. It will do
him VERY bad."
Adam felt a merciful release as he raced
through the rain-slicked streets, He pounded
through deep puddles as he ran, tireless and
strong, but dizzy, disoriented, and lost.
The fever gripped him, and the street
started doing it again. Twisting. Wrapping
itselfaround itselfagain, until he didn't know
which street would take him home again, Or
ifhe hada home. Streetsaren'tsupposed todo
that, he thought plaintively. There wasatime.
when streets behaved properly. When they
stayed ip neat, ordered rows. When they went
where you were going.
But now the pressure in his temples and
the fear in his throat and the welling tears in
his eyes were too much for him, and twisted
his thoughts into a tight, taut Gordian knot.
He stomped frenziedly into a dark a

"No!" Tt ui
"Yes. So you better get used to the idea." itno longer. He screamed a piercing, bloodcurdling scream
"No! You did this to me!" and slammed his head into a brick wall. He slammed itagain
and again and again, until the scream worked its way out of
his body. He slumped back, oblivious to the precious blood
that poured down his face.

SSS See

eS Ie
Vill » Clanbook Malkavian

"Oh good. Very good. Scream. That's good."

‘STOP trying to think straight! You can't think straight
top TRYING! ly think curved, But

that hovered behind him.
A beautiful, bi

woman lay

low-hanging fire escape. Her diapha-
nous white spring dress draped her
body like silken spider web. Her pale
blonde haircascadedaroundherhead
ingentle curls. Her fullred lipsparted,
and she said "That's a good start.
Very good start. But is that all you
think there is to being a Malkavian?
Screaming and banging your head?"

Adam felt a stirring of far-off
emotions that had lain dormantsince
hebecameavampire, "Whoare you."
he asked, enraptured.

"Why, I'm your guardian angel,"
she said with a laugh like tinkling
bells. "Your conscience! Your
Jimminny-Jesus-Christ-Cricket! The
better angel of your nature! Your
psychopompous Karen the Boatman
on this Lethal river Styx. Hey, did
you like them? I'm partial to bad 70s
rock, myself."

"No, I... 1... You're my «..
what? Are you an hallucination?"

She sat up on the fire escape.
"Who isn't? We're all hallucinations
on this bus. One big hallucination
that weall share, more orlless. Except
some people stay at home in their
hallucinatory homes,andsome greedy
people range over all hallucinatory
terror-tory. Those people are called
Malkavians and, guess what? You're
one of them."

T. what?"

"{Malkavian. You Jane. No, you
Malkavian too, so me must be Jane.
Crazy Jane. No, wait, me Malkavian
too, so | am me as you are we and ye
need ta pull yerself together. Come
together! Right now-ow-ow. Over
me. Bah-ba-bum-ba-ba bop!"

"That's it!" he said, clinging to
the thought like a drowning man.
"THAT'S what I need. [need to pull
myself together! I... I can't think
straight!"

"N00000000000000000000!"
she shrieked, leaping to her feet. He
fell backwards, startled, and landed
in a deep puddle of stagnant water.

curved isso much bed-dur than straight," she added in a sexy,
pouty voice, wiggling slowly and seductively. "Think curved.
Think bent. Get WAY bent!"


"That's just it," he gasped desperately, kneeling in the
muddy water. "I can't think straight or bent!"

"Oh, you can think, all right," she said, sinuously slip-
ping down off the fire escape. "You just can't think all
RIGHT. You can just think WRONG."

"That's right!" hesaid eagerly, glad toconnecta thought.
[DO think wrong. My thoughts feel like a big jumble. Every
time I try to follow a thread of thought to unravel it, it leads
me to another thought, but one that's not connected to the
other one at all! Or shouldn't be connected. I can't think
right anymore. I think wrong."

Yes," she said with asmile, "Youcan think, just not the
way you used to." He said nothing.

‘She Walked bveeta hityoblivteat ta the mittoil

"Come, come, my precious scholar," she said, putting
soothing hands on his shoulders. "You filled your poor pia
mater with so much book learning, so many ordered words,
that surely you can recall a historical precedent for knot
answers."

He looked at her meckly, confused. "Not answers?"

"KNOT answers!" she said emphatically. "A bad old,
sticky old knot that has your poor mind all constricted, so
your brain can't breathe. You can use Alexander's final
solution to his famous knot."

"Alexander?" he said. "The knot, the Gordian Knot?"

She nodded.

Ina lash tcame tohim. Cutright through it! Undo the
bbc

! In his

bare feet. "You see, your brain used to be a homebody. ha
you used to be a stick in the mud of the mire of your gray
matter. Your thoughts used to get up in the morning, shit,
showerand shave, drive to work, takes Lunch brea ustover
the babe in mark h k

mind' ay hesummoned a vision of his brain asa great knot

inc lane kenstoAiene unfolded thie vuloa elckal ila
ing sword, and slashed ke through the bran!

Well, guess what? No more! Your brain just se a track!
Busted out! Run away from home, and you can't go back
again! Your thoughts are still trying to drive their old route,
bur that path don't exist no more, Neither do your lusty
thoughts for the hot babe in marketing. The pain in your
brain falls mainly from your feigning humanity. You're put-
ting your brain through the agony of hell trying to think the
old, mortal thoughts that are long gone from you. (They
didn't work so good for you when you were a mortal either,
but we won't bring up your messy mental state.)

"But when you became a vampire, your spiritual land-
seape was hit by an earthquake that busted up your old roads

pickedup
youinO youon the witch that lay
that Jack built! And guess what? You're not in the flat, dry,
sterile Kansas wheat field of your mind anymore! Quit tryin'
togo that way! You'll only cause yourself trouble n' pain! Oh
. oh for mah trouble an pain! You're on new roads now,
roads tes traveled, dusty rods dry, bare, sandy roads, filled
if wyrms!

storms t the sea of madness?"

1... I don't know," he said weakly, exhausted from
following her tortuous tums of association. The constriction
in his brain was worse than ever, as he struggled to recall her
words. "You said you're my conscience. What should I do?"

"You should listen better."

I... what?"

"You Malkavian. Me not your conscience."

"Ok, ok, my angel. You said you were my angel, right? My
guardian angel, right? I remember that right, right? What
should I do instead?"

"You should be wrong. Right?"

"Please!" he implored. "My mind is ina KNOT! HELP

me!

rt
X {@ Clanbook Malkavian

Toling cidges Ea ora lisa pens at
a shining star in its place.

He toppled over, breathless and relieved. The pressure
in his head was gone.

Thenhesatup,alarmed."Ohno,"he thought. "Without
a brain, how am I going to think?" Then he cackled a long,
chortling laugh. "Bwah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!" he
screamed hysterically.

The old crone, Madame LaVeel, ran to him. "Adam!"
she said with concern, "Are you all right?"

"{'m not all right!" he shricked. "I'm all wrong! I'm
completely wrong! I've never been so wrong in my life!
Everything I know is wrong! And I'm so HAPPY! No, wait,
I'm not happy, I'm sad. No, wait. I'm not sad. 'm mad. I'm
MAD! I'm REAL mad! Very! Mad! Am! I! Ha ha ha ha hal
Hey, I never cackled before! That felt great! I see why you
enjoy it."

"Adam, you have done it! You crossed the threshold!
But how?"

"| had a visit from Crazy Jane, my own Karen the
Boatman. Ob, what a bk
razy Jane? She's was destroyed 300 years ago!"

"Then my MIND was playing TRICKS on me! Ha HA!
He HEE!"
hat?"

"She was my sub-conscience. My Jimminny Christ ona
Crutch! My port in the stormy sea of my psyche. Heh, heh.
That's a good one. She'd like that..."

"| don't understand ..." LaVeel protested.

"No, you don't. You can't! Face it, the pupil will now
have to teach the master! Now, look at me and YOU make
the world around you crumble into shal

i ei oe 0 a ee


Pidbbppbbitiiis @

As you requested...
a eee

PAGE XX

(see Werewolf: The Apocalypse)


|
Clanbook Malkavian

Chapter To:

megponcts of the
alkavians

Though this be madness, yet there is method in's
—Shakespeare, Hamlet

Sifting through the rubble of Malkavian history in
search of a coherent pattern has driven the sanest Camatilla
scholars to the brink of madness. Do the Malkavians have a
frenzied rages and ravings point in some
ion?Oraretheyan evolutionarydeadend —
a twisted branch of Caine's family tree that has not yet dried
out sufficiently to fall off?

Though most Kindred doubt that the Malkavians have
any purposes greater than fanciful caprice or violent reac-
tions to mental anguish, the elders are not so sure. Though
most elders would be hard pressed to determine what the
Malkavian mission is, they hedge their bets, and assume the
mad clan has one. They just can't figure op what it is.

And they are right. According to the most secret of
Malkavian legends, the mad Kindred do have a greater
purpose, though most Malkavians are not aware of it, and
their involvement in the matter is unclear, Their legends
paint a picture of a family of vampires playing a game of
i f

purpose? Do the

importantdire

participation with it. They are in the process of "becoming."
‘And what the Malkavians become will influence the devel-
opment of humanity, vampire and all reality.

Thave had a most rare vision, ... past the wit of any man to
hatdream it b he go ab xpound

this dream,
—Shakespeare, A Midsummer-Night's Dream

Malkavian legends diverge wildly and paint startlingly
contradictory pictures of the secret purposes of the lunatic
clan. The legends include tales explaining the clan's greater
goal as global iconoclasm and anarchy, personal illumina-

tion, ths fi
magical utopia, the hegemony of absolute chaos, material
id a

madness, rampant hedonism, creative ignorance, ascension
of personal Will, pleasure through cruelty, cosmic salvation,
and absolute nihilism, And some legends say that the
Malkavians have absolutely no higher purpose, and that all
attempts to explain Malkavian motivations are clever lies
concocted by madmen to obfuscate the fact that the
Malkavians have absolutely no core purpose.

r | tt ? 1 OT

! I I ! die ng 13


hi deb pllovoph tee ia ellowing DOE n
believers" rarely meet, and do little to espouse the philoso-
phy. Thislead d the

| ther prank.
Andstill other Malkavian scholars insist that is ust what the
Malkavians want everyone else to believe.

Untanglingthe Legends

To the Ventrue, Tremere and Nosferatu scholars who
have taken upon themselves the mammoth task of codifying

clan presents a uniquely frustrating puzzle. Its history defies

and legends in the matter.
ad hal ly half)

Geb iy soe

y wish for

{i} 4

Alvin told you it would grow into a huge watermelon tree in
your stomach and, come summer, they could pluck melons
from your mouth! I infect the world with madness, and I will
not stop until we are all rooting in the dirt like pigs seeking
the truffles of our broken minds.

a

Il! They rul the Divine
Liat J r}ecs the eae tetrad oper and blow up thelr
airships, and bun their sacred sites! No one gets to lord it
‘over anyone because she is a wiser or nicer person!

‘When we release the surly bonds of sanity, we don the
wings of madness, and fly on wings of great

clan founder about his contradictory role in early vampire
history and his actual motivations. Few believe he is simply
mad. Instead, they are sure he has a purpose that is difficult
for most people to sce. As the Tremere Etrius wrote on the
subject, "I refuse, as an article of faith, to believe that the

|. But

power! We find the world is nothing but a projection of our
own cracked minds, and we can do anything in it! When I
free the minds of all people, they will become all-seeing and
all-knowing, just like me! We'll be in paradise! I'll do it as
soon as I stop the robot-laser from mind-controlling me!

actual intent is maddening."

At issue are the contradictory reports of the clan's
purposes, including whether or not it has one. Here are the
core beliefs of the Malkavians, as the respective leaders of
these camps explain them.

Globallconoclasm

The world is full of fools who hold tawdry baubles before
their faces, watch them glint and shine, and give their very
lives and souls to the flashy trash. I love my country, my god,
my segregated neighborhood, my ecess my money, my sex,
my stuff, or my al and would kill
them the slightest iota of disrespect. And, by the way, your
country sucks. And so does yout god, your segregated neigh-
bothood, your success, your money, your sex, your stuff, and
your alma mater, Well, I swallow your baubles whole and
vomit them back up on you! Perhaps then you may see your
folly.

END ALL CONTROL! NO ONE MAY FORCE AN-
OTHER! DESTROY ALL LAMER ANARCHISTS, LIKE
THE BRUJAH! $

Personal Illumination

Jd-ill

Hegemony of Absolute Chaos
BLEA!

MaterialDetachment

Disconnect! Disconnect! Unplug your overloaded senses
from the surging wall-socket of the world-machine! Cast
down your script, and drop your robot roles! The sane are
prisoners of their toys. Detach! Detach! Be free! Be free!

Martel eh he

a hal offering of blood, and I shall give you et

ArtisticReflectionofSociety's
Madness

The insanity is not within my brain. The insanity reigns
in the streets. | am the distillate of that madness, and I am
wherever you turn to look, As Seneca said, governments are
reflections of the state of their people. And our governments
are mad. But we turn our faces away and say that madness is
not mine. Well, I too am a reflection of your society. Every-
thing you reject, I must be. And you cannot ignore me! I tear
up your streets and creep in your window at night to whisper
my madness to you.

The curse is a ticket to outside the and
inside your pineal gland. Ride the stillness like a twilight
r.

Infectious Insanity

of madness, and | grow in your belly, like that watermelon
seed you swallowed when you were four, and your uncle

Rampant Hedoni:

Crazy? Me? Crazy? Ya'll watch who ya'll call crazy, now.
Watch me, see if you can follow this. I don't drive to work
every day! I don'tallow a tightfisted moron who's my inferior
tell me what to do all day. I don't stand in lines! I don't let
people laugh at me and make fun of me. I don't obey my


parents! [don't get out of anyone's way! I don't worry about
my got-damn cholesterol! I don't pay taxes! I ain't the one

who's CRAZY! You kin come play, too. Just live fer yerelf! 1, "ne wotkdisamad design, written in the dust ofthe vast,

 Tewas dust, is dust, and always will be dust.
Creative Ignorance Use your knowledge to annihilate the world! Accelerate the
cycle. Bring on Gehenna!

Be simple, Be true. Ah, but you can't. You know too
muich to ever be at peace, or even happy. As Nietache said,  NoCoreBeliefs
"Our knowledge will ake its revenge on us, just as ignorance
exacted its Sins during the Middle Ages." oe up all Niet baltovtegve boltowe Soyytaingy lath ha ha hat
ideas. They only bind you.
Ascensionof Personal Will
We Malkavians are hardly mad. We but follow the
intoxicating piping tune of the inner
Will. We have tuned our the static of Sn j
0
supplicate to the dictates of fickle and ungen- a
erous gods and men, but it is greatness. We "
are far from cracked. We are whole. lI
Pleasure throughCruelty
Do my little pranks wound you? Good! I rejoice to
taste your misery, delight to drink deep on your
despair! A heady brew it is — better than
blood, and more nourishing. Love and respect |
Theworld stombycon-
flicting reality constructs
propped up by fearful souls terri
fied at the thought of being wrong.
They invest the entirety of their
lives! energies in supporting a
crumbling, inconsistent belief
system for no other reason

interfering signals, and listen to the su-
preme force known to sentient creatures: the

come curdled, but pain is as fresh a draught as God
ever made!

individual Will. It looks mad to those who
CosmicSalvation

than that it is the one into
which they were born,
Malkavians are free of
that dance of folly. We
see beyond the narrow
tunnel and constricting
filters to see the world As
Iels. Weofferthis toall our
progeny, all our fellow Kin-
dred, and all of mortalkind.


jf

FreshEyes: TheEvolutionof Vision

We know forcertain, for instance, that for some reason,
for some time in the beginning, there were hot lumps ...
Animals without backbones hid from each other, or fell
down.

—The Firesign Theatre, Think We're All
Bozos on This Bus

Once, there were little buggies, little one-celled crea-
tures that could bump about and smell a few chemical
changes in their world of organic soup. "This is all there isto
be known," they declared, and went about their contented
existences, absorbing and dividing, absorbing and dividing,
and making a lot more of themselves.

But a radical few somehow knew there was more out
there than
it in their cilia, fee! it in their ‘ala sedlace estes
nucleus. They could not prove it, but they knew there was
more to be known about What Is Out There. Though most
of the bacteriological community rejected this radical thesis

them wanted to lift the veil

on the rest of their universe.

So they put their potentially eternal life on the line and,
in fear and hot water, they organized themselves into mul-
tiple-celled critters. In that transcendent moment they
OPENED THEIR FIRST EYE! Not an actual eyeball, of
course, but a collection of real, working nerves.

Good move! Now they could FEEL their connection to
the chemical soup that swarmed about them and knew far
moreabout What lsOut There. Thisgave tema tremendous
Thedark,
quiet, still, lavorless = of slight chemical variation be-
came an active sensory bath of pinches, bumps and strokes.
Quite inflamed by this new flood of data, the nematode
nation invented sex. Another good move, because not
only did they multiply like

crazy, but in that magic mo-
ment of __ frenzied
fornication, they also
came into contact

with a quier feeling deep within their nerve clusters.
There was still more to know! Though the rest of the
worms scoffed and called them mad, the pioneering few
concentrated their nerves in the direction of the faint, faint,
impossibly faint stimulus that beckoned to them and, in a
transcendent moment, OPENED THEIR SECOND EYE!
Light! d! Color rT
More of the universe unfolded, a sensual cornucopia of
information about What Is Out There and their connection

and watching 500 channels of cable TV. One frenzy of
sensual fun later, the organic soup was filled with these
Children of the Organized Nerve Cluster.

Though deep within their ganglia they knew there was
more to be known, most of them made the mistake their
single-celled ancestors made so long ago. They scoffed at the
notion that there was any more to be known and any more
ways of knowing it, and called any dissenters madmen. Well,
sir, a pioneering few again concentrated their awareness on
the sil sweet sound that lay across the chasm of sensory
awarene: here within the recesses
of the glandular system and, in a transcendent moment,
OPENED THEIR THIRD EYE!

Good move yet again! They received messages and
sensory information unknown to the average cow or market
analyst and just as hard to explain to them as it is to explain
trigonometry to a meal worm. They took another quantum
leap forward in knowledge about What Is Out There and
their ineffable connection to it. But the rest of the cows and
market analysts call them mad. Well, twenty-three zillion
t ri i ri At

yearsa
guess where they are today? They'te still bacteria!

Sol say toyou, be mad! Be willing tobe insane before the
rest of the world, Wear your individual madness proudly!
Overcome the tyranny of your current neurological input
of Your Senses!

devices, and Take Leave


|

(io to

@

AShortHistory
ofMadness

y lies in a subterranean tradition that mus

brought to

David Biale
nonter-History

shom Sch

nd C

TheMethodinthe
Madness

Despite the Malkavians' erratic and inconsistent bel
ior, pattem hasemens

tory, Malkavians continue to ff ‘

unfelt. Malkavians

far more to the world than our eyes see ar

mob Jwith the

interpret
Though they
of forms, they always seem to focus.an the struggle
all life to understand the world and to know m,
The Malkavian legend "Fresh
plains this in terms of living creatures

pproach this idea ina howilite

our senses tell us.
spontn
Another legend tells of the
he Voice of Voices. What little

of the history of the strangest line of vampires car

generating new senses.

the form of hearing

understood in the light of transcendent madness.

CosmologicalSecrets

2 ty Malkavian elders,
history of the Malkavian clan b hefore the
the clan founder, the Third-Generation Ant
Malkav. It begins instead with the primal forces that shiy
the formless universe and created order out of cha

Accordin the long an

ns lor

The universe was a dynamic, changing ¥
possibilities and enilless contradictions. The beings that
inhabited thar flux universe were star-children who could b
anywhere and everywhere and nowhere at once. Their exi

ence wi Li

f such richness that non

pure potentiality,

can even comprehend

the infinity

they had, and they conspired to keep eternity from others

They began to carve our the infinite f ities and nailed

them down to words and sounds, This cut off massive secttons

of the flux from the other inhabitants and cut off parts of their
1s Well, This caused a massive breach in the cycles of
magic in the universe J them with scabious

lesions. The rich 1 of magic stopped flowing

Creatures of pure flux energies, like the Faeries, suffered

greatly from the disruption in the mana that was their life's

blood. Many perished, and most of the survivors fled to the
Jistane dimension of Arcad

1a, They managed to escape the
fy' reality
nn wasteland, burt they still seek to return ta their
«land in force

ie magical dre

estructive damming

of magic continues today

Eat reality 1s continually nailed to a crucifix of science
and "objective reality." The legions of mortals who embrace
empirical evidence as the only source of knowledge reinforce
the deadly damage and cut the rest of the race off from their
astral heritage. The Malkavians, along with their secret
Facrie allies, work ro undermine the reality constructs to ser

the mana free

(Thisisthe cleurest reading the Camarilla scholars could
fsof the Malkavians. They
sive Malkavian hoax, They

compile on the cosmo

readily admit it cout

es sense in 1 of
The doubters poit

1 Malkavian hoax.)

nt out that if it makes

sense, it must be

The CainiteLineage of
Malkav

Justas the Malkavuans havea completely different view

Jetely
:yinsof the Great Vampire Progenitor,

the creation of the universe, they have a con

litferent viewot the

Like the other clan:

Came they see him as a remarkable
man; a man of Vision, insight and power far beyond other
men; a man far removed from his peers due to the gift of
vampiric powers. Unlike the other clins, they see: him as
ein obsessed with breaking though the artificially con

They say the mark upon him thatcaused fearandd respect

vas not merely his vampiric spirit, but his inner illumination

He was on acmicial mission award greater individu:

ony whieh would allow him to break through the barriers

{ fixed, immutable reality and return the verse of infinite

ilities

follow his

{them imperfectly understood his mis-

edly wanted all of his progeny t¢

wals instead, Of all Caine'
Jing the Prog
ht topierce the veils herween hisinnereyeand
sbliteratinys his

progeny,

ilkay came the clos
Hes

eternity by

own perceptual and interpretive

y mechanisms. The end result was madness. He no

«as others saw it, but saw past it to the

ity locked out when the universe frag:

eW vision, but is continu:
» his

them to test the infinite wa

perfected his
his
to break
them will

ess, He passed

sychic barriers. He knows that many ¢

tibly because of their detachment from consensual,

reality, but he believes the outcome is worth the price

rot dv d

I
Chapter To ,


Malkay dwelt in the Second City with his brothers and
sisters of the third generation, His madness created great
dissension, because he and his retainers refused to accept the

y
entirety of their lives. The other Third-Generation

ae ete ie Malian ase Ore oy weremcestared)
They succeeded in convincing many nations that madmen
had special gifts and were to be honored.

Malkavians always ran afoul of temporal authorities,
who had worked hard to hamess society's energies and
channel them in specific directions. Malkavians disrupted
uniformity of thought both by thie plans and by their very

threatened them all.

nature. They
ment persecution, and are the least equipped of all clans to

Camarilla scholars insist that Malkav's slumbering presence
radiates contagious madness and accounts for much of the
ongoing regional destabilization in the Middle East,

Malkavians spread
bringing a disruptive
cities inall lands, They
people on the verge of
madness or well across
thethreshold ineverycity.
While they rarely founded
colonies or created religions or
mustered armies of built cities, they
did infect each colony, religion, army and
city with their skewed perspectives.

The more enlightened Malkavians could
see the Faerie realms and walked the spiral path
to Arcadia in each of these new lands. They
formed compacts with the Faeries, who often.
recognized in the Malkavians an opportunity
to interrupt mankind's annihilation of the
possibility energies and contradictions that
make up the Faerie existence.

Some Malkavians became influential
mystical leaders, throwing ecclesiastical dung
on the orthodoxies of the day. They led few.
disciples, but they were powerfully commit
ted to the intellectual revolutions that
stormed the battlements of the sacred insti- r |

tutions, and they spread havoc and wild
change everywhere they went.
In India, Persia, Mesopotamia, Egypt, and the

about insanity and illumination. They even made inroads
ito, Asian notlone where the mys teh lesan es
ruled with an ifon hand. Some civilizations embraced
Malkaviansasholy men,
children of Malkav fleeing

Many Malkavians served as protectors to the minority
populations of madmen in each culture — though each had
a unique idea of what protection meant. Because the insane
had no way to defend themselves from worlds with no place

18 Ly Clanbook Malkavian

|, Malkav andhiscoteri th onganiz. In addition, leaders of other vampire clans often
of Petra. He spread his mad ch h soughtreveng i tricks.
causing massive discord, which continues to this day.Some Asari Ik and their

influence in the i remained reuben!

When the Anarch
Movement began in
theMiddle Ages, many
of its adherents ex-
pected the Malkavian
pranksters to rush to the
crusade, What

they found was that the Malkavians were just as
likely toplay malicious pranks on anarchs as on the
Camarilla, When the anarchs bitterly complained
about this, the rate of Pranking increased tenfold. The
anarchs felt deeply wronged by the Malkavians and

these
wayward "allies" rather than concentrating on theit real
foes.

Some Camarilla scholars credit the Malkavians with
dividing the anarchs at a critical moment in history, thus
keeping them from crushing the elders when they had a
chance. Instead, theeldershadachance toform the Camarilla
and managed to regain the offensive.

Still, the Malkavians were a dangerous wild card. Ifthey
took no position in the Elder-Anarch war, they would not be
influential. If they took a position, it could be critical. Both
‘camps sent representatives to court the mad clan, and both
sets were rebuffed by malicious pranks that left the powerful
emissaries mad, missing or dead. Then, unexpectedly, the
powerful seventh-generation Malkavian Unmada, an Indian
Brahmin, organized a majority of the unruly children of
Malkay into an orderly group and deposited them on the
doorstep of the elders.


The elders were suspicious, but elated. Some elders
worried that an intertribal group including the Kooks would
be completely unpredictable and inherently unstable, and
that the Camarilla would never be stronger

One day, God wat feeling a tile prankis, so he called

link, Still, he elders voted to keep the Malkavians as mem-
bers rather than risk facing them as enemies, and over great
protests, accepted them as full partners, With Malkavian
support (or, rather, without the threat of Malkavian disrup-
tions), they moved quickly to unify the clans into the
Camarilla.

They won a razor-thin victory over their rebellious
progeny and planned to punish the offending tribes in the
infamous Council of Thoms. Unmada's prize disciple, the
illuminated Princess Vasantasena, recoiled in horror at the
punishment. In an impassioned and utterly lucid speech
before the assembled leaders of the Camarilla, she warned
that harsh revenge would not end the violence, but would
instead return to them a thousandfold. Forgiveness, she
maintained, would also return to them a thousandfold and
end the rivers of blood. But if the rebels were magically

easel 4

i tte would anarchy ime

i P
Elder-Anarch War look like a minor skirmish.

Her words chilled many of the elders to the core but, in
the end, the titans of the Camarilla were certain that they
had broken the back of the anarchs, who should neveragain
pose a threat. Revenge prevailed. Without further word,
Vasantasena freed a host of anarch prisoners and joined the
scattered ranks of the Lasombra and Tzimisce in the Sabbat.

CCamarilla elders raged that all Malkavians were traitors
and even toyed with the notion of wiping out the clan, But

their calls for revenge.
ithe Antieriby e

presence in their efforts to organize the ranks. She insisted
that the ranks of anarchs not be led like sheep, but that thei
every move be a path to inner enlightenment. She was a
popular rolemodel among the legions of the Sabbat, and her
‘example inspired the Sabbat obsession with the Paths of
Enlightenment. The leaders of the rival Paths courted her
endorsement, but she continually spurned them, mocking
their attempts to codify and formularize the experience of
enlightenment.

the
Bait hin. Wien his tes children had produced
children, Caine and Able, he issued them a challenge. He
told the boys, "Your job is to find out what is really going on
here. Go get Me a sacrifice worthy of Me."

Caine prepared a sacrifice of plants, saying, "Here's the
greatest sacrifice l can find: the stuff that gives me life." Bu

blood —animal blood ng,
"Here's an even better sacrifice: blood!"

"Clever boy, Able," God said, and He took the blood.
Caine figured out the trick and whacked Able on the head.
"Here's an even better sacrifice!" he said. "Able's blood!"

"Clever boy, Caine," God said, "You figured that one out
right away. You figured out that blood is the ticket to power,
and power is the ticket to figuring out what's really going on.
The power you have tapped into will be your protection on
your journey."

Caine understood, but knew he could no longer dwell

with
as sacrificial animals to him. So he eat the world.

One day, Caine was feelinga trifle prankish, so he called
alittle trick to mind. He created children to comprehend the
universe for him. When his first children had produced
children, he issued his "grandchildren" a challenge. "Your
job is to find out what is going on here. Go get me a sacrifice
worthy of me."

They all sacrificed a bunch of stuff for power — art,
magic, money. One guy made an offering of freedom by
sacrificing his subjection. One smart granddaughter sacri-
ficed her beauty on an altar of mortification. And one guy,
who apparently didn't learn from Able, sacrificed some
animals. We won't hold that against him.

But little Malkay didn't have anything to sacrifice that
was worthy of the man who gave him his blood. So he said,
"The only thing I can sacrifice that is even close to worthy is
myself." So saying, he sacrificed himself. Or he tried to,
anyway, but couldn't figure out how. What he ended up
sacrificing was his own sense of self.

"Clever boy, Malkav," Caine said to the little fellow,

h h he blood dena

tion. "You have figured out that the blood of the self is even
more powerful than the blood of others, and is the ticket to
figuring out what's really going on."


bi biti deped dd tod

i


Chapter 3:

Traditions

Just kidding.
‘Actually, the Malkavians have lots of traditions. Their
traditions are just not very traditional. And their traditions
are constantly shifting with the tides of their madness.
There is far more to Malkavians than meets the eye.
They are masters at putting up a frone of nonsensical lunacy
that distorts and distracts from their larger purpose. But the
ly there ... in secret. Like many vampires, they
hide their true nature behind layers and layers of masks. They
believe they are winding their way down a path of screaming
enlightenment wearing a mask of antic insanity and anar-
chic, meaningless tomfoolery.

There are seven (or eight) great traditions crucial to
understanding the Malkavians, Each traditigp builds on the
Beetiscsscholuof the other Kindred tone fEMichie
Janderstanding them all is crucial to defending against the
dangerously unpredictable Malkavians. Elders warn that
Zeven the most powerful Kindred are vulnerable to pranks if
lack a thorough working knowledge of the seven (or
ight) traditions.

What traditions?

TheSeven(Or
Eight) Traditions
= One: The Traditionof Mutable

Intimes of breakdown and incipient discontinuity, vision and
transcendence — what amount tothe gnosis of ascent — become
wwhicles for fundamental change.
— Morris Berman, Coming to Our Senses
The Malkavian's central, unifying tradition, ifthey have
one, might be that mind and reality are as supple and
malleable as clay —and just as much fun to play with. As the
sentient creature shapes its mind, it shapes reality. But too
many people mold their ) form that
mimics what they see of reality, place that form into the kiln
of absolutism, and scorch their minds into rigid, inelastic,
brittle terra cotta. The petrified brain in turn affects the
external world, calcifying reality into a similar form. The
rigid reality in turn works on the minds ofall beings born into
it, molding them into the cookie-cutter form, beginning the
whole cycle anew.

ae ee Contr gy u


OKC
iY

a
ey

Malkavians don'thate the cookieleutterform. They just
know that form to be only one of many, and they grow

in the process, by squeezing real-
ity back into supple clay form, or
shattering it in the process. This
is a very dangerous game, be-
cause it puts one's very reality in
jeopardy.

Malkavian Explanation;
"My mind! Ie's stuck in all these
echelons of reality! Mired in all
the innuendoes | must take into
account! My autograph book
won't tell me who's been signing
it. It's not my fault the pages are
all ripped up."

Two:The
Traditionof the
BrokenMirror

To stay young,
To save the world,

Break the mirror
— Nanao Sakaki,
"Break the Mirror"

An old Malkavian saying
urges, "If you find you are falling
intomadness— dive." The blood
ofMalkav courses throughoutthe
Malkavian vampire and loosens
the restraintsplaced on the mind
by a lifetime of societal condi-
tioning. This results in deep,
magical insight and great, magi-
cal powers,

To accept the new way of
seeing, a Malkavian must give up
his old way. He must surrender
his attachment to his old world-
image, which many accomplish,
and to his own self-image, which
many cannot accomplish, For
this reason, the most common
symbol of the Malkavian is a
broken mirror.

Those who do break the
mirror of their body-image, world-image, and god-image find
a whole new world of possibilities. They take charge of their

express this thought in a myriad of ways, most oftheir actions
point to some variation on this underlying theme.

If they have a traditional mission, it is to infect the rest
of the world with their madness. Their pranks and mischief
and outrageous atrocities are geared in one direction: to
radically shake up the thinking of Kindred and mortal alike.
To squeeze minds back into supple clay form, or shatter them

and seck new ways to shake up their remaining

fixed notions. They don't have to, but it helps if they do it
themselves, rather than waiting for the Curse of Malkav to
routinely devastate their minds, leaving them to pick up the
pieces and to try assembling coherent thoughts.

As they break down and reconnect their minds and
unsolder and rewire their expectations of reality, they come
to approach their minds and perceptions as tools to be


tinkered with. They become responsible for their own per-
ceptions and the reality that results from them. They have
found tremendous power in this formula.

Malkavian Explanation: "Bust up your reality tunnel!
Be in charge of your own mind! Reclaim your glandular
system, and reclaim your pineal gland! Program your own
bio-computer, and reprogram the Main Frame! Boldly go
into your own enigmas! And do it quick, because the light at
the other end of your reality tunnel is heading toward you at

a high rate of speed!"

Pethaps from the very moment of their monstrous births, it
tas decreed by some sadistic jack-in-ofceof the univers, that

of ... ima city they had never seen
— Dylan Thomas, The Doctor and the Devils
__ The flipside ofthe rapeurous joy known to Malkavians
leefully smash their old ways of

a dark, malevolent anguish of Malkavians who resist the
process that forcibly loosens their minds from old restraints.
The Liberation of Malkav becomes the Curse of Malkav, and
causes endless, unendurable agony.

They droop and sreech and gibber and age and with:
draw and
Ail those actions seem insane, ia understood in context,
they lucid: when
inner pain rules, endurable outer: pain can overthromil
Temporarily.

When the inner pain becomes so great that the outer
pain can no longer mask it, some Malkavians destroy them:
selves. Among immortal vampiric creatures who cling to

a high suicide rate. For those poor, mad Kindred, their old

way of seeing the world was more important to them than.

their very existence. They had enshrined the self' beliefs in

a position over the self. Other Malkavians who see the self-

immolations of their brothers and sisters often double their
break their mirrors, dl

Three: The Traditionof Universal
Madness

Everything you know is wrong!

— The Firesign Theatre, Everything You Know Is

Wrong
Th

process of building reality. They think that the world is a
madhouse, and doubly mad for doubting it. Many feel that
they are the only ones who can see clearly, because they are
escape artists from the house of straitjacket sanity.
Malkavian Explanation: "In truth, we're all mad. How
do we know we are sitting here talking reasonably? What
would happen if we were really in an asylum somewhere,
raving for the delight of the spectators. Well, they would
interpret that frightened look you have on your face and the
way you are backing away from me as some meaningful
remnant of your potty-training behavior! So they would

probe y
ity and slice off bits of your psychic selves in a effort to
understand and ‘cure' your madness! And what would hap-
pen then? You would suffer inexplicable problems that seem
to lack a cause, How do you know they are not doing that
right now?"

Four: The Tradition of Pranking
his acts seemed thoroughly insane. He explained that he
had deliberately tried to scare me out of my wits because I was
driving him up the walls with my expected behavior ... (He said)
"Either we take everything for sure and real, or we don't. If we
follow the frst, we end up bored wo death with ourselves and the
‘world. If dus, avery
exciting and mysterious state in n sibel nobody knows where the
rabbit will pop out, not even ourselves.
— Carlos Castaneda, Journey to Ixtlan
fall the Malkavian behaviors despised by the other
vampire clans, the most detested is their habit of playing
laborate
Tr LI
i T

d important

Malkavian Explanation: "Who took the ribbons from.
my hair? Why is everything so cloudy in here? Is nobody
listening? Look at what's in the shadows. The same old
monkeys!" 2

look as self-imp as the elders they attack, and even

embarrassed a Say Ri

ehys
By sry. mn seem a pointless. Some are
enjoyed by even the butt of the joke. And some are deadly.
Many Kindred become enraged when they leam they were

to come through it alive and whole.
Th

i'snothing they do on purpose — sth ne But

iihelbingd 1 dil


biddddddidids

to a new level of understanding. Very few vampires reveal
this, though. Admitting you see things in a more Malkavian
way is grounds for suspicion, scom and ostracism.

The Malkavian tradition of Pranking comes directly
from their erstwile Faerie allies, who sometimes give them
magical, otherworldly assistance. There is an ancient Faerie
tradition similar to Pranking that the Malkavians have
picked up.

Malkavian Explanation: "Pop! Goes you weasels! I'm
squashing your head! I'm squashing your head! Now sitstill!
Thisis for J, that] bring bitofthe Curse
of Malkav. Remember, ‘Curse' is ‘Cures' spelt sideways! I'm
just helping you look askew at your life. Or is it askance?"

A change of worldview can change the world viewed.
—Joseph Chilton Pearce, The Crackin the
Cosmic Egg: Changing Constructs of Mind and Reality

The Malkavians are secretly being aided at the highest
levels by the Faeries who stayed behind in earth's reality
when most of their fellows fled. They see the Malkavians as
a direct assault on the Wall of Sleep, the calcified reality
structure that precipitated the loss of magic energy in Earth's
dimension

The Malkavians question the authority of objective
reality with a manic energy and put cracks in the Wall of
Sleep every time they create a powerful prank.

The Malkavians carry out Faerie pranks on all institu-
tions that continue to prop up the structure of the Wall,
assaulting mortal civilization, vampire society, scientific

Pty

the universe to a common reality. :

Faeries have been known to funnel magic power to the
Malkavians, tea Faerie | them in their
times of need, and teach them greater pranks (often by
playing tricks on the mad vampires),

Some Malkavians, like the mysterious Word Eater, are

Faerie creature.
Malkavian Explanation: "It's fun to visit Faerieland.
They understand me when I talk and, best of all, when I

don't.'

SicBreakingthe Rules
Sometimes in life, situations develop that only the half-crazy
can get out of.

— LaRochefoucauld, Maxims

that, because they see more of the universe than other
creatures, they have great difficulty explaining this concept

by the world-machine. They say they have trouble explain-
ing the rest of the universe to the part of the universe that
only knows part of the universe.

But, though they can't always explain the wonders they
see, they can lear to exploit them. With study and training,
they can slough off restraints like matter, distance and even


nipulation of the universe, the way Faeries perform their
magic. In short, they can break the rules, This talent is only
beads Maliavigaad

The Malkavians who have mastered this abi
legends among the mad clan. They include Rasputin, the
Mad Monk of Russia; the creature known only as Word-

though
some Malkavians break through to it by accident during
anguished fits of self-discovery.


the riddle of god and man to Oedipus. (Part of her riddle
commonly forgotten by scholars is "What is weakest when it
has the most support?")

Rasputin is supposed to have feigned his own death and
plunged Russia into turmoil, despairand a madness to match
hisown, Legendssay that he is beyond the reach of the Brujah
saat asi tooee Rustaskecatech 4

an utterly different plane of being, where he can spread his
madness to Russia with impunity.

The Word-Eater is the strangest Malkavian of all, and
ever existed. The Word-Eater is said to be a great, enlight-
ened sage who went mad from the Curse of Malkav. In his
insane/illuminated state, he realized that he did not have to
subsist on blood, but could consume anything, and become
more of what he ate. This secret
isunknown to Westem vam-

gh

pires, thou
Methuselahs whisper
thatthemysterious
Asian vampires
understand

P

Malkavian

oe

it implicitly. The Word-Eater ate rock, sky, colors, and ideas
before he decided he liked ideas most of all. He began to
consume words, believing it would make him wise again, and
restore his sanity.

Some Malkavians say that the words he eats are gone
forever —and so are the ideas. The reason he has no proper
name is thathe ate it. No one will never know what ideas are
missing, because they are gone forever, and gone retroac-
tively. These Malkavians say the Word-Eater is limiting the
world toa smaller and more feeble reality all the time, and
must be stopped. They are trying to reach his level of
transcendent reality so they can Prank him and end his
dangerous behavior.

h dh hatthe Word-

from their Kindred enemies

ums He is eating his way
: i th

Eater is protecting Malkaviar.
and helping free all living <=
irae ah ion

dawn of Names, b so limited that a

name can be ate".

4. These words
fyos Juid reality
say, the sooner ¢!


and other butchers' aprons.

Secretsofthe
Malkavians

This life's five windows of the soul

Distorts the Heavens from pole to pole

And leads you to believe a le

When you see with, not thro' the eye

— William Blake, "The Everlasting Gospel"
Living a life unfettered by the constraints of reality has

freed the Malkavians to explore great vampiric powers.

While there are always rumors of one-of-a-kind-powers that

break all the rules, some can be codified.

Malkavian Time

This Knowledge, available to only Malkavians, allows

character to plug into the Malkavian Madness Network

fa connection of similarly deranged minds) to lear of
pcoming Malkavian events.

To use the Knowledge, roll it against a difficulty of six.

Often the Storyteller will make the roll in secret, a week

the event.) With one success, the Malkavian gets

tions to go to a certain area immediately, because the

ing just started. With two successes, the Malkavian can

of an upcoming gathering a day ahead of time and its

alpurpse: With thre successes the Mallavin leas

k before th

plines

p—LevelSixAuspex
ine

Like Telepathic Communication, Babble grants: the

bi dd deeded dh ot

Like Telepathic Communication, Babble requires a
Charisma + Empathy roll against unwilling parties.

Melange:Level Seven Auspex

Discipline

The Malkavian can look into the world and see a level
beyond the current state of reality. This looks like a collage
of shifting forms, but the Malkavian understands it and
knows everything that goes on in that plane, without regard
tophysical barriers, distance or even time. He can see things
hidden in objective reality, like Obfuscated creatures, the

that isreally

a shape-changed mage.

It is easy for the Malkavian to see all of reality. The

dificult partis knowing how to reference that moving
tpl

Storyteller will explain what he Malkavian understands a
the other plane through riddles, metaphors, or stream-of-
consciousness babbling, and it is up to the player to interpret
it.

While in the Melange state, all the player's rolls use half
the number of dice (round up), and the character is prone to
mutter incoherently and bump into things as she walks. The
Storyteller should feel free to enforce this on the player, as
well.

MalkavianMadness Network:
Level Eight Auspex!

The Malkavian can call a meeting of all Malkavians
with the Knowledge called Malkavian Time. Roll Willpower
+ Empathy (difficulty 6). Other Malkavians will only hear it
if they make their Malkavian Time rolls.

Successes:

1: All Malkavians in three city blocks.

3: All Malkavians in a three-mile radius,

5: All Malkavians in a 10-mile radius.

7: All Malkavians in the city.

10: All Malkavians in the greater metropolitan area.

13: All Malkavians within 300 miles.

kavian the ability to hold telepathic 15: All Malkavi the continent.
je has extra benefits and two extra disad The 20: All Malkavians in the world.
: Bane? they

points, and can link all their minds together, but

erties must carry on their conversation outoud. Partici-

hhear the other persons' voices as if the other persons

ding next to him. If Mad Hattie is standing near a

jon site and Gomar the Strange is hiding under a

the hushed haven of a Ventrue elder, Hattie can
and be heard, but Gomar will have to shout.

he user can add more people than he has Willpower

§ if those people have derangements and do not resist

abble. Th Hk dd i% I 1

yy, So, the maximum number he can link in a

Willpower + Empathy.

No
not compelled to obey it.

Repressionofthe Obvious:Level
SevenDominate Discipline
The Malkavian can look at another sentient being and
know the thought that the target is most directly repressing
at that moments It mul bea simple idea like, "I really have
this guy'
ing, to leave now." Or "Vd love to strangle that scrawny

him, that will overpowerany lesser, momentary thought. But

hee gu


i_

(itd ddd td

if the secret is not something that he obsesses about, it will
(i ifthe Malk bi by

in conversation or somehow puts the target in mind of it.

With three successes, the Malkavian can make the
target blurt the repressed idea out loud: Great fun during
dinner parties or tense trials.

ScrawkLevelSixObfuscate
Discipline

The Malkavi ikand write i i

Elder Malkavians use this ability to leave each other
secret messages, or to contact all the Malkavians in a city
through graffiti. These messages cannot be deciphered or
even noticed as Malkavian scrawl.

Visit Faerieland:Level Seven
ObfuscateDiscipline
The Malkavian can utterly disappear from the area and
appear in Faes obi From Faerieland, she can go anywhere

code of the insane. Only other Malkavians can read and
understand it. Ifthe Malkavian chooses to further encrypthis
words, he can make it readable only by Malkavians with the
Scrawl discipline, or understandable to only to selected
Malkavians, or just one particular Malkavian, He can make
it readable to Malkavians he has never met — though he
must know the sire or progeny of the target Malkavian,

- —

a a |
28 Ly Clanbook Malkavian

on Earth sh . But, first, she has to pass the Faerie

Keepers, who dislike capricious use of their land. They
question the Malkavian about her purpose, and if they don't
like herstory, they push her back into the world she left, near
the time she left it, The keepers are willing to listen to
bargains, especially if the Malkavian will Prank the entity of
the Keepers' choice.


Malkavian meetings are on "Malkavian Time." They
happen when a group of Malkavians appear in the same area
at the same time, with no apparent preplanning. They
emanate messages to one another on the previously detailed

commonly known type of Malkavian, because most
Malkavians are stuck in this stage and are impossible to
ignore.

Madman
The first positive change that can take place in a
Malkavian comes with the acceptance of the dementia and

this stage aftera series of debilitating breakdowns and subse-
quent mental restructuring. This stage pulls Malkavians
further from conventional reality and into deeper into un-
known waters. By accepting the curse and going with the

Malkavian Madness Network, a level of un-
available to most creatures. As Malkavians become more

powerful, they become better at picking up th

Malkavians usually yield to the authority of their elders,
like any other clan, though sometimes a neonate will say or

jother kooks.
In general, Malkavians defer to one another based not
mage, but on how far along the path of Malkay they are and.
deeply the curse has taken root in them.

There are five generally recognized stages of the Curse of.
kav, ranging in severity of impact it has on the psyche of
Malkavian.

This is the common designation given to those who are
tollfeas a Malkavian vampire. They have ef recently

of self-pr

rorcalte ldap

who have sur-
and

where it will take them. Their pranks boat ba mre cleve ss
as their break

in insight. Though many Malkavians never reach this stage,

a few arrive here right away.

Lunatic

In rare cases, some Malkavians have a flash of insight in
which they realize their madness is just a tool to crack the
shell of the world-illusion. They abandon the constraints of
madness and simply see through to higher realities. At this
level, Malkavians wield frightening power to break all the
rules of ional reality, and their
ingenious Pranks have devastating, life-altering effects on
their targets.

Fool

At this point, Malkavians realize that everything they
knowis: and start over again. Th 3
indistinguishable from the first stage.

Most Malkavians are in ae first two categories. Itis rare

Es given The C till suffer from th

and

h ofa threat,
are forced to expend most oftheir energy coping with
demons. They can't disguise their innertorments,
cruel Kindred of other clans find their breakdowns
entertaining to watch.

3

e

§ The Curse takes hold, it drives its victims to greater
levels of excruciating psychic agony, plunging

into psychosis. The intense inner pain drives

0 acts of violent Pranking, which leave
results. These uncontrollable outbursts, frenzied

aand wild seizures are legendary among the
the other clans, the Maniac is the most

up mall

own minds, and fl
embracing the madness is a difficult matter which demands
constant change and allows not a single moment of respite.
This is a torturous existence and accounts for the high
bumout rate among Malkavians.


Paranoia and blind faith are psychic handmaidens.
— Bill Grifch, Zippy the Pinhead, 12/5/92
The Mall find th ! dhave
lite pence bartBel dean a narrow worldviews.

Wasted and wounded, bruised and brutal Brujah, how
does your rebellion grove? caine and raving and chanting
ary self. You would
snack cur the eyes ofthe rest ofthe woyld i alti
rinse the film of filth from your own eyes and see that the
outer world you hate looks a lot like your self-polluted inner
landscape. You know, the one you flee from. Remember, all
revolutions go 360 degrees. That's why they call them revo-
lutions. That's what I call a vicious circle.

Brujah bully boys can be useful buddy boys, ‘cause their
eyes are sometimes still open. Prank them good, and help
them rebel against everything they hold dear instead of what
other people hold dear. Otherwise, you'll see theirrevolution
come full circle and bite ‘em on their Brujah butt.

The few Brujah called Individualists (imagine that —a

group of people called Individualists. And they call US
crazy!) have already taken a good whack at the wall between
Here and What Is Out There, and have put a few good cracks
in it. Prank that wall from the other side, and meet "em
halfway!

Scruffy the cat and Dougie the doggie and all the little
Rumpleteasers — restless wanderers, country hicks, and
animal pals. If I could talk to the animals, lea their
languages... then I could talk to a Gangrel.

They may be lost in the forests of their minds and not
know about the thom in the paw of their soul, but they sure
can sit quietly and watch the moon rise, and hey, that's half
the battle.

Nosferatu

How many Nosferatu does it take to
end the Inquisition?

Allof them.

These ugly little vermin have got
their fangs sunk into a larger chunk of
the elephant than the rest of the blind
bats, and know a whole lot more of the
Big Picture. But the price they pay for
their knowledge is this icky rejection of
the flesh stuff. Pee-yoo! Still, at least
they know they are vampires and don't
try to sanitize it for your protection, like
the others. Who knows, they may get to
the heart of the matter before we do.
Keep an eye on them. But, for heaven's
sake, be sure to give them alittle vanish-
ing cream to get rid of those unsightly
blemishes!

Toreador
‘Sungto the tune of thatreally pomp-
ous march from Carmen:

"Toreador, go bathroom on the
floor-o! Toreador, Toreador!"

Sorry, just had to get that of my
system.

Poseur, Artiste, Hoser, Farteest:

they'reall dth Ohno,now
Tremember. One makes the art, and the
other eats it. Prancing ponces and pre-
tentious poufs all. Which makes them
great company. With simply mahvelous
parties, don't you know. Which means
they'll put up with you reaming them
and pranking them WAY longer than

0000 mut 0
Sma seeeeeccoo Mato
te 18
ned ier 35
eeecesseeo rn
Sout 5.0
oooocsaeco )§= no
et rt rece
sooooooooa [|
Lm 5 ae
OP T

I
30 $@ Clanbook Malkavion


anyone else will, because they think it's hip and trendy to
have a Malkavian cut up at their parties. Besides, all their
friends will snicker at them for being a poor sport if they
complain. So they have to be good sports and laugh, overly
made-up clown, laugh, even when their ego is breaking.
But they'll tum on you ina second and stick a stake in
your back quick as they'll say, "So how do you like the
Vermeer behind you? Don't you love the textural play of the
light on the towel around her head?" So be sure not to turn
your back to see, but instead look ‘em in the eye and say,
ah!"

"Ye:

Ifthat doesn't take ‘em down a peg or two, nothing will.

Except slashing up the Vermeer next time you sneak into
their Haven. No, no, they'd just blame that on a Brujah. No,
don't slash it up. Replace it with a cunning replica you

painted to look just like the original except that now her eyes
follow you around the room except when you are looking
rightat it. Then give the original canvas to a chilly homeless
person to keep him warm, And who says art can't be fune-
tional? By the time the Toreador realizes the switch and
tracks the original down, it'll be cracked and stinky. And so
will he, cuz the staring eyeballs will drive him around the
nd.

And some of the ones that actually create art are pretty
close to edge already. Reach out and give ‘em a push.

Here's the Toreador paradox: They live for pleasure, yet
they are not alive and can't experience pleasure. They have
fallen into an undead memory of pleasure, and they can't get
up. Free them.


A Se NLS SN 1

Tricky tricky tricky Tremere. Clever lads, but
oh, so serious. Very serious; scholarly little wizards,
Clever, but stodgy enough to be the butt ofa good
joke. And they throw great tantrums when we
frustrate them. We used to be able to fool ‘em
good, but now they're onto us. Some of ‘em
anyway. Not all of ‘em. Don't believe that rot
about them all being ants in a great, airtight,
hive-mind pyramid of power. That's one leaky
pyramid, pal. You better start bailing out the:
sand it's filling up with.

But some have begun to figure us out.
Some younger wizards presented a disserta-
tion on us before a big Wiz Circle, "New Vis
Sources Procurable through Malkavian Per-
ceptual Reality Adjustment." That's
Wis-speak for: they are cracking the code.
We played a Prank that made the Elder
Tremere ridicule them, but some of ‘em
know there is power in reality-tunnel ma-
nipulation, and they won't quit till they get it. So let ‘em
follow you down the primrose path to psychopathic power.
Cur before they know it — ZAP! You can't have the pow
without the psycho. You can take the power out of the
psycho, but youcan'ttake the psycho out of power. Orisitthe
other way around?

Ventrue
If there were Kindred any easier to torment than these
stuffed capes, we'd have to quit ‘cause it would just be too
darned easy. Their belts and ties are too tight, constricting
eat aes a ey thet

could happen.

"These spiritual B&D fans enjoy being be tied up to the
conventional reality tunnel of the day. They are so chained
to the rock of consensual reality that they cannot see the

Giovanni

High roller, holy roller, holy terror resurrection-

ists, the Godfathers of Souls who art into Italian suits and
rit corfecs/ nekkid -rophillicsnetidd

tic, nek-kid on the block of vampiric clans, but gathering
power as fast as the other clans are gathering dust, They are
fast, sick, and don't like jokes AT ALL. But the worst part of
their power is this: they are Toys-in-the-Attic CRAZY!
Why, that's not fair. Their madness gives them such an edge
over all the other clans. The very idea!

cae : tert
Imagine a place where all Kindred clans want to get together
is rave | i th

nl liver of ....of...,
well, of something damned important!

Caitift
Poor lost lambs. Pity them not, but give ‘em as good as
you give anyone else. They're close enough to the edge that
youcan push ‘em over. But there is power in growing old and
powerful with no clan to tell you what ro do.

Assamite

‘A's a mite stupid silly limitation. But ‘at's a mite
powerful solution. A very concentrated solution.

FollowerofSet

‘Try to remember the snakes of November and follow,
follow, follow...

l
32 §@p Clanbook Malkavian

est vampires, who are just CRYING OUT to be taken down
apegor two, setting themselves up for a fall by ACTUALLY
INVITING US IN AND ACTUALLY ASKING US FOR
SUGGESTIONS!

Camarilla meetings prove to be an endless source of
never-ending fun, The best partis that they suffer with us,
squirm before our pranks, and fall to the Curse of Malkav, and
next year THEY INVITEUS BACK AGAIN! And they call
us crazy.

Don't believe the rumors that we joined the Camarilla
out of fear of being wiped out by Sabbat. I's scurrilous gossip
cooked up to make us look like we care. Like we care.

TheSabbat
More fun than the Camarilla because they Prank so
casily; less fun because they seldom get the joke. "Ooo! Bad
Malkavian make fool of Otto! Otto smash!" Yawn.


REVERE

Still, many Sabbat are just plain nuts and tempting
targets for the Curse.

When the anarch rebels against his master, he grants

himself. Well, there'sawhole lor of anarchs rebelling against
their masters. But how many have figured it out so far an
rebelled against themselves?

Salubri

What's with these guys? Where are they? Do they really
exist? Do they really have a third eye? I mean, come on, an
actual third eye? Come on. Someone's taking things waaay
too literally.

Who knows? They may see the universe clearly, If
anyone can find one, ask him the sound of three eyes
clapping. Then poke him in all three.

Golconda

just anothierstansinthed j Ikavia. If

you want it, go for it. Me, I prefer blood. Keeps me in touch
with people, ya know? Keeps me goin' back to the hood to
hang with the homies.

lf bunch. Th |
like to cil Gaviggbnehertan bes i cal
company. There's also a secret alliance of Malkavians and

TheBlindBatsandtheElephant-

Once upon a Time, there were seven blind bats. Or
. Lforget. Anyway, they were a bit hungry for fresh
bed, because they were Vampire Blind Bats so they

ldn't

look around, as they were blind, which you should have
realized already.

But their unerringly keen senses of smell led them to
a plump, juicy, blood-filled elephant — which in this
story stands for all of reality. Got it?

The Gangrel bat bumped into the tail and said, Aha!
This elephant is really a twitching animal! That is what
I shall become.

Sa i
said, Aha! The elephant is like a hard, stony, insensate
pestle that crushes all beneath it with pitiless abandon!
iaiks is what I shall become!

buttand said,
Ault ‘The elephant is really a CEST stinky, puckered,
desiccated mass that lives in a dank cave! That is what I
shall become!

‘The Tremere bit the head and said, Aha! The el-
ephant is really a puny little brain struggling to control a
vast and powerful body! That is what I shall become!

The Ventrue fele ¢ Ge legs, and said Aha! The el-

Lupines, made up of outdoorsy and some

I
and rugged kindred call their group he Lunacie Bingerentl
Prank their fellow wolves and vampires.

Here's the secret poop on the "Garou": they are chasing
their own tails. Yep, that's the problem, and they don't even
know it. Maybe they'll figure it out before end of the world.
Then again, maybe not.

Madness and magic go together. Unfortunately, most
living mages are sane. And they wonder why they aren't
getting anywhere in their studies. Pranking these mini-
Merlins has a great payoff, ‘cause they have so very far to fall
and so much to gain if they cross aver into the lonely realms
‘of madness. Then again, they can't take a joke and lash out
‘over the least bit of mischief. And they always want our
Iblood. Too bad they don't know about the madness that runs
¢hrough it. Heh, heh .

Faeries

Our best pals, on the nights they're speaking to us. Get
Bo know them better.

all weight with h, but with very |
resilience! That is what I shall become!
The Toreador felt the trunk and mouth and said,
Aha! The elephant is really a great, firm shaft or a warm,
moist hole! That is what I shall become!
And the Malkavian ba, blinder than all the rest
d to miss
Aha! said the benighted Malkavian, as i es past
The others are making a huge fuss over an elephant that
is really a big lot of nothing! Well, that is what I shall
become!
‘And so, I say unto you, flap on!


sre

Ok, the Malkavian is crazy, Bonkers, round the bend,
unravelled, Right? But we Vampire players and storytellers
aren't, Right? So how do we get a handle on playing a
Malkavian, let alone make the character

rambling thought that just goes on and on, or a fit of outright
stream-of-consciousness doublespeak. Sprinkle double-

dialogue. This may not be easy at first, but it gets easier with
practice. Read some James Joyce or TS. Elliot or e. e.
cummings or any Dadaist for inspiration.

When you become accomplished at this, try letting your
train of thought completely jump the track and land some-
where else entirely. Don't worry about knowing where the
idea you are talking about is going to end up. Just go with it.
‘The fun thing about stream-of-consciousness roleplaying is
that you can't do it wrong. The other players can read
anything they want into your words, which should make for

your

CilashYour Nature andDemeanor

One secret of creating an exciting, unique Malkavian
lies in the basis of character eration In most characters
Nature and Demeanor peacefully coexist, with th
Raitt lannlogher cuskbare Dorace sae

protect his inner Nature. His inner and outer

you's Andifyou
start to make sense in a strange sort of way...

AddDreamimagery

straight from your uncensored subconscious. Make use of it.
Remetnber dream images and ideas and words, and launch

manner can peacefully coexist. But the Malkavian has diffi-
culty managing Poth and cone iver control i conflict.

to bing your nature and demeanor into apposition, Por
example, an inner Visionary with an outer C

from them. You'll b dhow
original and inventivethis approach can make your charac-
ter.

wuld hold bhi ees

When YouFind You're Falling, Dive

find a course of action. One moment he would argue to take

the high road, and the next moment, he will cynically shoot

down his own plan and chide himself for being so naive.
‘Any Nature and Demeanor can clash, but complete

polar opposites can generate more friction with less effort.

Feel free to add more conflicting, contradictory elements to
your character, like Merits and Flaws, or add clashing abili-
ties.

Playupthe Derangement
Derangements are far more than limitations on your
character's actions. They are a great starting place for adding
flavor or color to your Malkavian and can be incorporated
into' much of the character's existence. For example, a
vampire with the Paranoia derangement doesnot just have

of any perceived slight co his pride. This can raligreccesis
ithout making the d monopo-

lize the game.

StreamofConsciousness

yer. Cut loose. Boldly go where no gamer has gone
before. Experiment. Be willing to fal in a big way. And then
be willing to fail again, That's the best way to break through
to something original and creative. Your Malkavian charac-
ter gives you special permission to go out on a limb, so go for
it, People will remember one excellent bit of roleplaying far
longer than they'll remember 100 of the most colossal fail-
ures.

Keep in mind that there isa narrow range between going
wild and mucking up the game for everyone else. Keep in
mind everyone's enjoyment as you seek new roleplaying
heights, and you'll do just fine.

NotestotheStoryteller

A good game requires successful collaboration bavend
player Theplayercan make th

b b 1

agerly
th chatactereaiibesh bd ihe SvortcllerEanimake the
player's job easier by giving him a lot of room to experiment.
Get out of his way, and let him determine how he wants to
sculpt the madness. Only when the player resolutely refuses

to play his madness or dominates every game session with a

This isa fun way ik h ‘iquely biza

‘and to pethaps even surprise yourself. As your Malkavian
acter goes deeper into madness, feel free to actually make

vene.
Ifthe player simply ignores her character's madness and
egame

Tess sense. Add a few strange an occasional

b

Ceodignere .2isla ES) soe qlod angie torrie <7

Ly Clanbook Malkavian


to play her derangement better. Just talking

about it outside of the game might give

her some fresh ideas. Ifshe has diffi-

culty making her character's quirks

show up, offer suggestions, or give

her ideas to spur her thinking. Iv

Possible the player may be up to something
$0 different you never noticed it. Give her
the benefit of the doubr, because she may
just surprise you,

If the player continues to ignore

the character's madness, intervene.
Assume that the character is resist-

ing the Curse of Malkav and is
therefore suffering greatly for it.
‘Occasionally inform the player that
thecharacterjust spenta Willpower
Point resisting the derangement. If |
thatdoesn't work, it's time for drastic

act opposite of what he intended

8
fo do. This continues until the char- \ tel sleesl(g My
F

fer accepts that he is mad and stops

esisting the Curse. This carrot-and-

ick method works well to enforce the fi
falkavian dictum: go with the madness, be
the madness comes to you. «

ent of the other characters. The
eller can keep order by mentioning
Er concems to the player outside of the
Ifthe player does not modify his rude
;you'llhave tointervene inthe game,
him thathischaracteroccasionally goes
far over the top that he goes catatonic. Or
fe him temporarily loose his voice. Or have
is gifts stop working for a day.
Remember, the Storyteller Foe

stances when the enjoyment of
game is on the line. In most cases,
game will iron out its own kinks.



Chapter Forel!!!:
: alkavian
Templates

something seething in the air we're breathing.
— Natalie Merchant, "Tolerance"

are a more diverse and bizarre lot than any undeniable, just as the madness that follows it is inevitable.
vampire clan, Many Malkaviansdonoteven acknowl They all take very different paths and grapple with the

iip with the others, but the Malkavian blood is _ demons of their madness in wholly different ways.


cot t ti ff bh bd

MesmericManipulator

(On a torrid, bloody kiss

Quote: "I see you are grappling with a difficule internal
problem revolving around your personal life. The spirit of the
Assyrian Warrior-Chief Tzan-Tzan tells me your answer lies in
renouncing your present direction and investing only in funds
endorsed by the Holy Rule of Names. I shall name them now,
but only once, so listen carefully."

Prelude: You were the daughter ofa wealthy landowner in
19th century London. When you were barely 16, gambling
debrs, blackmail and scandal wiped out your father's
estate and left the family disgraced and penniless.
Rather than face a life on the streets or begging
from condescending relatives, you ran off with a
famous spiritualist. You worked as his assistant
and leamed all his prestidigitation and cons.

The day he crossed a more fa-
mous spiritualist in a fight over a
wealthy contributor was the day
you both died. The other spiritu-
alist, a Malkavian vampire, was
intrigued enough with you to give

‘The women all control their men,
With razors and with wrists.
And the princess squeezes grape juice

—Tom Waits, "In the Colosseum"

you the Curse. He took you on as his and
taught you real power. When he went
fully insaneand disappeared, youwere
on your own.

Concept: Part con artist, part
mad mesmer, part vampire, part

assistant

cept that you are channeling MMM spits from another
world to give them advice on busines and love
Roleplaying Tips: Speak low!
matically. You find yourself the sexiest
creature in the world and use your sweet, dis-

arming charm and your iron will to
dominate all who ear path,
Equipme Handeuff,lockpicks, whip,
PRM) sword , Bs chee ce yente
rans homesceurtysyster with
senicsensors| ‘small
ver.


IRE: The Masquerade
Nature: Autocrat

F Name: Sire:

Player: Demeanor: Visionary Generation: 13
Chronicle: Concept: Mesmeric Manipulator Haven:
—=<SOs2r Attrib Or
Physical Soci: Mental
Strength. @0000000_—_ Charisma. @@0@00000 —— Perception. @@000000
Dexterity. @@@00000 i flat ° li
Stamina. @@000000 A > aol Wits, 00
Ogee Abilities OPO
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting. @@000000 = Animal Ken. 90000000 Bureaucracy___00000000
Alertness. @@000000 Drive 90000000 Computer. 00000000
Athletics. 00000000 = Etiquette. @@000000 Finance. @0000000
Brawl, 00000000 Firearms. 1
Dodge. @ Melee. Law.
Empathy. @00000 Music »9000000 _Linguistics_____ 00000000
Intimidation. 00000000 Repair. Medicine.
Leadership. @0000000 Security. Occult.
Streetwise. 000000 Stealth. Politics.
Subterfuge. @0000000 Survival, fe) Science. 00000000
OLY Advantage SOLO
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
@e000000 = Allies 0000000
Dominate. joocc000 = Contacts 0000000
joooc000 = Fame:
oooocc00 = Herd Self-Control
ooocccco Resources
oooo0c00 = Retainers
00000000
ve a
Other Traits ed ity Health
peduction e@0000000 98 @Ceee2e800 Bruised Oo
fentriloquism__ e0000000 Hurt ada
Sleight of Hand _@@000000 Sa Willpower —a— a
ikavian Time __ @0000000 eae 2
Glo aE ee@eeo00000n0 Wounded 2 OF
coooooon OOOOOOO000 Maud 2 0
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 Blood Pool Incapacitated O
00000000 Weakness
eoooovoe QOOOOOO000 seen uure wim ar veasr
PQLNLNRO: eee ee ONE DERANGEMENT

ireues:? Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

2/5/3_Al bilities:1.

KOO


Kidney One:
Who's Who ~
Among
Malkavians

Twas thus occupied in scrutinizing the mob, when suddenly
h yal

paradoxically within my mind, the ideas of vast mental power, of
caution, of penuriousness, of avarice, of coolness, of malice, of
blood-thirstiness, of triumph, of merriment, of excessive terror, of
intense — of extreme despair.

— Edgar Allen Poe, "The Man in the Crowd"

One of the most mysterious of the Malkavian elders is i,t | d
the ancient vampire known as the Dionysian. He is rumored

to be 3,000 years old and very powerful. Some say he is of
divine birth and blessed by the gods with divine madness. His

Malkavian.
illumination and has helped many a neonate survive the
rigors of theirselectively psyches. He i

ooking for the special Malkavian (or Malkavians) who can

connections to Arcadia allow him to step in and out of
Faerieland at will and to establish a completely safe Haven
there, beyond Earth's plane in the land of perpetual twilight.

Wy
J
i

a

lead the clan to the next level of enlightenment. He sees the
Malkavians as the secret to restoring hope and magic to the
world,


l

Clanbook Malkavian

|
|
|
|


The mad monk of Russia did nor ee in the great

lution, re he c
to bedevil the Russian people out of an Feat thirst for
revenge. He
the Ruasian veo in the interests of keeping them divided

Xk thespirit
fhe a degrade Europe, He has survived
Brujah and Ventmue assassination attempts and flaunts his
power before them. Some suspect that he is a pawn of the
Nosferatu Baba Yaga and serves her vengeance.

He has reached a powerful level of vampiric existence
and is rumored to no longer need blood for sustenance.
Instead, he claims to live on the consecrated Host sanctified
by the Eastem Orthodox Church, because i transubstanti-

ie bidoa CRIs his mouth Hi
Russian churches, saying to the other parishioners, "These
midnight masses are all that's keeping me alive!"

aes

Neeley 61


tipi d io ttt

The Sabbat claim one of the most powerful Malkavi

A 1 dsh

the prophetess Vasantasena.Sheisawise, enigmatic
vampire who is eager to unify the Kin-
dred community against their
Antediluvian progenitors, who she be-
lieves are stirring from their ancient ‘36
slumbers. She believes that, though the
thin-blooded lineages of vampires can
never match their ravenous ancestors in
raw power, Kindred can gain extraordi-
nary insights into the very nature of the
Antediluviansand protect themselves V
through enlighten-

i

ment. E y iswillingto
sacrifice the sanity of those she comes in contact with to
achieve her goals, She believes the Camarilla isa blind
pawn of the progenitors, and that the Sabbat offers

the only hope of surviving Geherifa.

62 ® ula Sia,


(iid ddd dd

CrazyJane

for poor women. Jane Pennington went mad from disease,
unsanitary childbirth procedures, and the overall decay of
British society. She ended up in a filthy asylum

run by a powerfully wicked

Malkavian

Mad Tom, He made her one of his vampiric slaves, which
intensified her madness. But it also gave her special insights
into the nature of magic and power. She rose up and de-
throned Mad Tom, turning the asylum into an oasis of peace

ina mad world.

did not last lon;

as an attempt to organize Malkavian might and destroyed it
Crazy Jane did not rebuild it, but rook itas a sign that she had
who have difficulty adapting to their madness and
helping themacceptand embrace the Curse of Malkav.

} ° > _ Her very existence is a matter of some debate.
Y The Ventrue believe they destroyed her, and the
only Malkavians who have ever seen her
have been those undergoing extreme psy-
chic distress, But many revere her as a
healerandgreeteach other saying, "May
Crazy Jane see you through your next
breakdown." She is also rumored to have been
muse to Edgar Allen Poe — a source of
much of his grief and much of his
tation during a tragic series

of events.


(

Malk Content is a trickster of unknown origin. He has
woven a hundred tales of his origin and has claimed to be a
Native American shaman, a Mongol warrior, a Babylonian
King, the son of Aeneas, a Persian prince, an alien, a ruler of
the Seelie Court of the Faeries, the son of God, and Malkay
himself, He appears in many forms and many guises, but
always has the image of a broken mirror somewhere on his
person — sometimes tattooed to his forehead.

He is a disruptive presence, with great powers of conta
gious madness. His presence causes reality to warp
around him, and even powerful el-
ders are not immune to
his Pranks. He has
completely chariged
the balance of power
in Kindred skir-
mishes simply by
showingup. He has
made enemies of
Camarilla Justicars

the Sabbat Black Hand, both of whom see him as a very
dangerous loose cannon. Some credit him with making
conditions/in Industrial Europe so squalid that each nation.
was forced to undertake reforms.

He has stolen magical books andwartifacts-from the
Tremere, forged unholy alliances with Lupines and malevo-
lene spirits, and d great d the vamp
community. No one knows where he will strike or what his
motives are (or even if he has any). Most simply.try to guard
against him.


Theman who comes backthroughthe Door inthe
Wall willnever be quite the sameasthemanwho
went out. Hewill he wiser but less cocksure, happier
butless self-satisfied, humblerinacknowledging his
stand the

ignorance, yet better equipped to unde:
relationship of words to things, of systematic
Mysterywhichit

reasoning tothe unfathomable
tries, forever vainly, fo comprehend.

— Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception

What is this thing called madness?
They say those touched by insanity
have also been touched by divinity. No
they don't. Madness is often only a
step away from enlightenment and, for
some, is a step beyond. No it isn't.
Now learn how the Malkavians twist
the world for their benefit. You won't
learn a thing. Discover the truth of
their madness. It's too late for that.

Clanbook: Malkavian incl
© The history of the clan and the true

depth of its member's insanities;

© 10 sample characters suitable for
players and Storytellers; and

© 10 You XaV peas THILO, You ape
OOOLZLAAAYW TON YXarAW Nut.

Dime] 4598-8 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
= STONE MIN., GA 30083
S.A

CAME STUDIO