# File: Martyr.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

ee =n bO0n

Chiara en Boal for Huiter: ile fer: Paine

LS
iZ
4,
~ .
: '
s
3
Lf
Pf +
A
be ‘
i {
me
a
4
a4

Back on the late shi gain, The new supervisor i ing out to be
my seniority | ovght to be able to pick the shifts | want, but he doesn't give a darn. Couldn't

Kind anyone to trade with, not even Dobbs, and I've done him favors for longer than | can
remember, See if | help him out anymore. |

L spent half my shift thinking about different rovtes | covld take home. There wain't any

beason to drive by the bus station. | tried telling myself that I'd be getting off at midnight and if

got to bed by one | covld still get vp and help Carol yet the kids to school. She'd appreciate that.

t might even make her feel a little better about uf, and that's worth anything, right?

But none of that mattered by the time | clocked ovt. | headed ovt to the car and before

knew it | was cruising down Eighth, approaching the Greyhound Sign.

tt ramed earlier Part of me hoped — really hoped — that the rain would keep people off the streets. |

baw a qrovp of homeless men clustered toyether on the steps of the Baptist Church, pasting a bottle. They

Keemed okay. | think one of them was a regular None of them looked wong, That's what mattered.

There were a couple of men standing ovtside the bus station, holding their bags tight,

bbviovsly waiting to be picked vp. Another quy stood with his back to a wall, smoking a

kiqarette and watching them ovt of the corner of his eye. He was probably looking fo rob the

en, but at least he looked human. It wasn't any of my business.

| got past the station. Nothing to see. That was when | noticed how much my knuckles

hurt. They were white From gripping the wheel. | loosened them and tried to relax. Every~

thing was going to be okay. Nothing much to see. | could go home and nvke my dicher, maybe

Eatch some TV or work on the book, then get some sleep. Thank God.

Then | pulled vp to the corner of Eighth and Division and | saw them. She was sitting on a

treet bench, her backpack between her knees. | Could see how thin she was — the sharp

ines of her neck and jaw af she looked up at the man standing beside her.

He was smiling, offering her a cigarette. Trying to reassure a lost girl just off the bus in a

trange city. Except that | could see the dark veins standing out in his pale Skin, and fome-

thing about his smile made a knot in my Stomach. He was one of them.

I drove for two more blocks, telling myself how crazy all this was. | was tired. It was dark. |

bas seeing things, | was under a lot of stress at home. But | kept seeing that girl's face in my mind

Bnd | knew there was no one to help her but me.

| parked the car and got the tire iron ovt of the trunk. There was still blood on it from the last

time. | promised myself this would be the last I'd throw the tire iron in the river and never yo past

the bus station again. | had a family te take care of, for God's sake.

By the time | got back to the corer, they were gone.

se


duly 15

B

bi

ter her. A cop stopped me and asked what

Lone if he'd Fomel the tive iron under my jacket: Ifa body tins up aromd the bus station that cop's goin

[fo remember ime. Ill be a sspect. But it's too late to turn back now. If that givt is dead, it's my Fault. I've got
[to Fine her — or at least track down the thing that killed her and make sure it never harms anyone else.
Carol wouldn't speak to me. | tried telling her | hung ovt at the IHOP, working on the book, but

he just pushed past me and went out the door. The kids look worried, but what could | tell them?

a

L swear this will be the last time. Once | Find this creature and kill it, th ne
my part. Someone else can carry the burden for a change,
Ino vot the 9
Howton It locks Uke ary other worl graffiti, but the Syrbals make sense, iF you know what youre lockives at
witown, [n =

sacrifice. It means that there are others ovt there like me, who see the same things | do and
know that they can't Just ignore Someone in need,

This means victios sor 's sukborins us n hi "

—*— hind Sooner or later you'll ron into whatever is tormenting ther, It's both a warming and a plea, |

© bess. Ive seen this a couple of times, down near the homeless misfion on Tenth.
CP They are watching, An area marked with this Symbol is a where either monsters or the
Nak police are on the lookout for vf. Unless it's a matter of life or death, don't qo there.

who babn't 20m bot who believes in thor aval i willie, to 2 I came this close to

gps up ard talking To him, but he ran into Some of his Friends ard | knew they'd think | was oat of ry rind.
YA This means Garéivell,"| don't Know how elie to explain it Saveond whakkneutthey scale
about to die, or were getting ready to sacrifice themselves, left this symbol behind. It's a
« uarning, | quess, but alfo a way to say qoodbye. Gives me chills just looking at it.
| forgiven. You're not _qoing to see this Symbol anywhere. | just kind of came vp with it myself
Hoodling on my sketch pad. Somehow it means a thing that's worthy of mercy, not hatred. Whoever
bears this mark still has some spark of a person left in them and deserves the benefit of the dovbt,
There've been times | was tempted to Find the people leaving fome of these marks. I know there's
p web site on the net where people talk about this stuff. Maybe they have less to lose than | do and
kan afford to look out for other people every night. But if | found Someone and told them about that
irl, how would | ever be sure that she was found? How could | be sure the monster was stopped?

Lcan't Simple as that The only way to be sure is to See this through to the end. | owe her that much.

But this is the last time. | swear to God. Never again.


July 16

| Called in ‘ick to work latt night If Caval Finds out there'll be hell ta pay saiouldn't

lame her for taking it ovt on me, But 2
la covple of extra shifts and make vp for the lost pay.
: : i

rising throvgh i i rr icti ittin:
and for a minute | thovght he was going to try to pick me vp, but he went after this fA.
young black girl instead. His "master" prefers children, | ques. /

; : ; _ cS

the avy af he stalked around the station. He seems fo normal. Eyen when | vie rv A

"i

P special fat, the only way he looks different is the color of his skin, and the
way his blood vestels look dark blue or black wmdler his Skin, You Can See it easiest
on his hands and neck. There are shadows under his eyes, too, making hie +
look like he hasn't slept in days. Maybe he doesn't sleep at all anymore,

Maybe he picks the yom ones becase they've the most winerable. This latest qirt was maybe

H3 ancl 400 roles Fore hore. She was scared out of her minel ancl trying mat to look itt He came vp out of the

Lrow, sat beside her and gave her one of those sriles Within an how he'd talked her info leaving with him

| got vp and Followed them as they headed outside. My qut was already starting to

Lnurn, but | forced myself to keep going. The Sooner this was over, the Sooner | covlel

bit my life back together: With Luck, this wouldn't be af bad a the last time. 3

His car was three blocks away. He didnt Like witnesses any better than | dil. | pulled

‘ki mask over mry head anc stepped vp behind them af he unlocked the door She didn't

Lien scream when | hit him with the tire iron. She jst ran Uke a startled animal,

T cut loose one of hif Seat belts and tied him vp. Then | shoved him Im his car arcl drove fome-

Lshere qyiet. Il been careful te break bath of his arms fo he wasn't in much shape to put vp a struggle.

When you've worked on engines af long af | have, you yet a real respect for what a car

battery can do to fomeone. He didn't have that same respect at First, but he learned.

He told me where his master was. People will tell you anything if you hurt them long

prough. After that, there wasn't anything left to do but hold the wires against his Skin until

he died. | put him in the car, stuffed a rag im the gas tank and Ut it.

\ | couldn't stop throwing vp after. He was one of them, a monster that preyed on

children. But | tortured and murdered him, What did that make me?
Could | save this girl without becoming a monster myself? Did it_matter? Was it

=~ enough that | still loved my Family and hated myself for what | had te de?

45 »
is | don t know.


Joly 17

hose until after dayliaht. Bes had aivesay ft There win we diver waiting in the mitrowave.

After a while | pulled ov notes and sketches and tried to work o
haven't written a word since seeing ther, | think | wanted to prove that | still co

kould still qo back to my dreams no matter what I'd seen and done.

5

No words came, I'el last le heroes in the clutches of the evil witch and that's where

ed. | couldn't think of any way to save them. | couldn't draw the witch without giving he

smile anel dark, Poifoned veins. There wain't any way to make-believe now that I'd seen the truth.

Carol and | fought when she yot home. | asked her why she hadn't left any dinner ov

land she started yelling. | qvess | did it on purpose. She was hurting and | deserved to feel it.
She Said she didnt know re any (ore, How Codd | blame her? She was right. | tole her | wat sor, that 4

any more nishts but she said she didn't believe me. She said ovr marrage was falling apart The only thing that

kept her pies was the kis | beeaed her fo tell me what | coud do te make things ret She Said she wain't sure.

[told her | never intended things to tum out the way they did, she started crying andl slammed

peso doo fried fy think of recta elie te fy, bt fhally Lett oot n the car od wet dont

The only hope I've got is te See this through and then p behind me nt get a day

bat the plant, Ill qvit, We'll leave town if we have to. There can't be monsters ceegahers, wae?

alled in sick again and wen i

vilding along the river. No lights, no Signs of life. | wondered if maybe th

ied after all, but | grabbed the tire iron and took a look anyway.

It was a mistake. | was too darn impatient to yet things over with, | should have waited v

but instead | clinbed through a tall, broken window and tried to Find my way around in fon diets

he place was huge, There was debris everywhere, coverin e floo
he ceiling. Twice | nearly stepped throvgh holes in the Floor, No tellin

‘allen. Every now and then | stopped and listened. The place was quiet as _a tomb,
'

The thi bbed me from behind, Its Fingers were like steel. It threw me throvyh a thin dividin
Brel then jumped on re, histing. | arm the tire ivon blindly and hit am arm or Leg, Bones crmched

Ithing screamed, tt Fell back and | half-crawled, halt-ran as fast af | could, trying to Find a way out.

It didn't Follow me. Maybe I'd hurt it worse than | thovght, but | going back to Find

ut. Some things were better done in the daylight. | had a couple cracked = ribs to prove it.

The house was dark when | yot home, There w open

When did Carol start drinking again? Just as | reached for the bottle, the phone —Zy

‘any. | Swatched it quick. Who the hell would be calling at four in the morning? Gann ei

aot
The voice on the line was af dead as the grave, i 4) |

7


It said, "You found me. Now I've found you."

I WU ached, to see the things I'd seen, or do the things I'd done. | never wanted to know about

1 INU monsters, But now that | did, | had a responsibility to do forething about it:

‘ea The thing said it had been human once, too dn't asked to became w
Nib was. Neither did a rabid doa, | answered, but the end result was the same. When they

Van hi

nib turn on people, they have to be destroyed.

= It screamed that it didn't have a choice. Meta did |

The line went dead. When | hyn

oom. Carol was in the doorw:

kay. She started to cry.

Evens he went back vpstal

i

ecipes for nerve yas if you look long enough.

5
have ho plan, There

g IS en nilde 1A Povred © nap Aown Eve ole
| could Find. | Saw on the news later that evening that it

took six hours to put the Fire ovt.


July 19

been in the byildi he
checked. | just wanted it to be over.

either. Carol thinks he's run away. God, | hope fo.

that. But what if he did something worse? What if he' e ona monster, too?

bws, looking for some frightened, lonely child? And if he is, what will | do?

ta

bovi

iving in hell rom ni o night? It': ¢
wnt him down like a doy becavse of what | did.
But can | kill him? My own fon?

5

tll be him.
Please, Gad. Please Let him be dead.


SE NV

NN



That night, like every night, Anna dreamt of the camp.

The one they called The Pig was just outside the shack
she and the other women slept in. It was raining, as it always
did at that time of year, and the cold of winter wasn't yet gone
from the air. Little Zulija — barely 13 — whispered that The
Pig had been a butcher on her street before the war, a friendly
man, and that Zulija's family had never been very religious.
That the man slaughtered pigs was never an issue.

Then the war came. He said the Moslems looted his
store. He said the Croats shot his wife. He showed the Serb
militias where people hid in the neighborhood. Now he
walked the camp looking for Zulija, her sister and her mother.
The Pig would rut with them because he could. Just like
Goran had with Anna. Goran, now a militiaman and a guard
at the camp, who had once dated Anna's cousin.

This was hell. Hated by neighbors. Raped by friends.
Hell.

* * *

That morning, like every morning, Anna fought back
the pain with a scalding shower followed by coffee and
cigarettes. The unfiltered carcinogens plunged into her lungs
as she made her way to the Kings Highway transit station
before dawn.

She never slept past 5:30, and she was out the door by
6:00. She passed by the same joggers she did every morning
and fell in among the pre-rush commuters making their way
into Manhattan. It was all so normal.

She wondered if anyone else was hiding scars under silk
scarves, high collars and leather gloves.

Anna finished her cigarette as the 6:13 Q express train
tumbled into the station. She boarded and stood in the
corner of the lead car, near the emergency brake. There was

PROLOGUE: WELCOME BACK

room to sit, but she preferred to stand. Once the crowds got
thick, sitting meant a view of nothing but a stranger's chest
and she couldn't take that. She needed to see.

Fifteen minutes later, the train headed under the East
River and Anna closed her eyes for a second. She felt the
familiar pain bloom behind her eyes. The pink blotches that
ran up her left shoulder and neck started to sting. Pain was
always her companion.

She opened her eyes and looked, really looked, at the
commuters. A young woman with a Walkman... noth-
ing... a stocky man in an army jacket... nothing... a
stockbroker, maybe, reading the paper... there. At the far
end of the car, an elderly woman took a seat offered by the
stockbroker. Scoping up that morning's Wall Street Jour-
nal, he didn't seem to notice the cockroaches swarming
across the woman's face, into the holes that should have
held her eyes. Anna noticed.

The snub-nose .38 in the holster at the small of Anna's
back, the baton in her left boot — there were options, ways
to deal with the roach woman. Thoughts and strategies
scratched at Anna's mind, mingling with thoughts of Goran,
The Pig and all the other monsters out there. She thought
and stared as the train rumbled under Manhattan.

The doors opened at 42nd Street and Anna walked out
along with most of the Brooklyn commuters. The roach
woman stayed on the train and Anna sighed in relief.

Then she bit her lip until it bled.

* * *

She should just ignore it. Just keep on going with her day
as if she had never seen the note. Just as she had with the
roach woman and the other things. So what if she was
"Dictatrix11," one of the first on hunter-net? She had barely


HUNTERBOOK: MART YR

logged on in months, despite repeated inquiries from Wit-
ness1 and others.

She should just ignore it. Like the world had when her
home turned into a killing field.

To anyone else, the note would look like nothing. A
phone number scrawled on a yellow pad along with a bunch
of gibberish. Just one more piece of urban trash. But it wasn't
gibberish. It was the code. Whoever wrote this was one of the
chosen and was reaching out. Someone had obviously writ-
ten the message on several pages and posted them on walls or
trees or telephone poles, maybe just here near the café or all
over the city.

The code wasn't a language exactly, but the meaning
was always clear to Anna. I'm hunting something bad and need
help, she felt the symbols meant. One of them was almost
identical to the homemade pendant she wore around her
neck. I have chosen.

She should just ignore it. Surely this call for help wasn't
the only one this person had made. Surely someone else
would see a note and make the call. What good could she do?

Anna took another drag on her cigarette and followed it
with a last swallow of black, burned coffee. She tossed the
butt into the swill at the bottom of her cup and got up. Lunch
hour was almost over and it was time to get back to work.
Twenty minutes with the sun on her shoulders and the barely
present scent of spring blooms under the exhaust and pollu-
tion had, as always, failed to rejuvenate her, but the effort was
worthwhile. She gathered the detritus of her lunch, her purse
and other items and headed back toward the New York
Public Library. For a moment, she actually thought she'd go
back to work that afternoon.

She knew she should just ignore the note, but she
couldn't. She tossed her trash into the container at the
corner and headed for the nearest payphone. She'd already

committed the number to memory.
* * *

"A rot did this to me back in October in Baltimore."
The little man pulled up his black sweatshirt and pointed
to white-and-pink scars running down his left side. "Threw
me against a chain-link fence. Those damn sharp bits at
the top went right through me. Never let anyone tell you
rots are slow."

They were in a dirty little hotel room off Seventh
Avenue. Times Square, now a crisp, clean shrine to the
power of the media, was a few minutes away. But here,
poverty and decay were still the norm. Given what Anna
knew about the power of the monsters, she wondered where
a pair of imbued were safest — under the bright lights and
cameras the monsters controlled, or amidst the urban blight
they created. She felt a bead of sweat run down her sternum.

"How did you get that?" the man asked, pointing to his
own neck to indicate Anna's.

She reached up and adjusted her scarf to better hide her
scars. "I do not want to talk about it, Mr. Smith."

"Fine, whatever. Down to business then."

Smith — or whatever his real name was — was two
inches shorter than Anna's own 5'9" but had at least 40
pounds on her. Somewhere between stocky and flabby, he
looked like nothing other than a bulldog-made-man. His
jowls were too big for his face and his nose was too small.
He wore black from head to toe, but without any sense of


fashion. Anna felt distinctly overdressed in his company.
And under-armed. When he lifted his shirt to show off
battle scars, she noted a small holster fora .22 pistol. That,
in addition to the .44 visible on his hip, the revolver in an
ankle holster and the pump-action shotgun on the table
next to him. His only nonlethal accessory was a belt-
clipped cell phone, the one through which Anna had
reached him only a few hours ago.

Anna knew this armament was actually conservative
compared to what some of the imbued carried, but it still
made her uncomfortable.

"Your... message said you needed help."

"Yeah, I guess so. I'ma little tight-lipped sometimes, you
know? Not everyone understands what has to be done, not
even among us."

"Not everyone knows the price that has to be paid,
either." She said it with sadness rather than enthusiasm, but
he didn't seem to notice the distinction.

"Exactly. This ain't a game you can stop at any time.
This is the end game."

"Yes." She took a drag on her cigarette to fire up her courage
to ask the next question. "So what can I help you with?"

"You know we all have that sight, right? We can all see
when something is wrong?"

"But some of us have a better sight. We can see further
into their souls. See where the evil comes from. That make
sense to you?"

Anna thought of looking at the roach woman, of seeing
the ghosts and blood fiends. "Yes, yes it does."

"Well to the others, there's a type of monster that looks
basically harmless. Like the things just stay out of the way
and don't bother no one. But I can see what's really going
on. How they're using their powers and shit to turn us all
against each other. I've heard things about us fighting each
other, have you?"

Anna thought about what she had seen on hunter-net
when she last logged on: Oracle171 going mad, Bookworm51
off God knows where, Cop90 dead. Chaos gripped the
imbued, it seemed.

"Yes

"Well, these skulkers are behind it. They're making us
go after each other's throats. It's like a sort of voodoo or
something, I think. Like pushing pins in a doll. They just
sit back and make us come apart. So I'm bringing the fight
to them."

It was crazy, but so was everything else about her life,
Anna realized. "Do you have any allies?"

"That's hard, cause not everyone gets it. I've fought
three skulkers so far and they fire you up with doubt and
pain. I seen it destroy others. You gotta know that pain is
part of the deal. You gotta be ready to suffer or you ain't
gonna make it against them. Not a lot of people out there
are really ready for that."

Anna was quiet for a moment before she reached up
and removed her silk scarf. "This happened when a camp
guard named Goran poured boiling kitchen grease on me.
He said it was to show me that the clothes I wore were
‘inappropriate.' That was before | ever saw the monsters,
Mr. Smith."

* * *

Brooklyn's Avenue H station was almost deserted at
midnight, when they walked onto the platform. They were
altogether too close to her home for Anna's comfort, but
there was no way she could confide that. Smith seemed
genuine, but trust went only so far.

"We're near the thing's lair. It's gotta be around here
somewhere." He scanned the platform up and down as they
walked. "There."

Anna looked where he was pointing and saw a figure
huddled behind a pile of construction materials left by a work
crew. Something tickled at the back of her mind and Anna
closed her eyes briefly to call up the sight.

Roaches. Dead roaches.

Annastepped closer to get a better look. It was definitely
awoman, slumped downas if trying to keep warm. All around
her were the black shells of large insects, legs up and immo-
bile. The smell of rot wafted up and recognition came right
after — the roach woman from that morning.

"Recognize it?"

Anna turned around to face Smith and gazed into the
barrel of one of his pistols. "What... what is going on?"

"| asked if you recognized it, bitch. I mean, you let it go
this morning, didn't you?"

"But—"

"How do I know? I was there, bitch! Standing right next
to you and you didn't even know it. I was wearing an army
jacket and packing, and you never even noticed. | saw the
thing and watched you watch it. | saw you turn away from the
cause. You fucking skulker."

Anna swallowed. "But how did you know I was—"

"One of us? You wear that around your neck, lady."
The pistol dipped to point at the pendant hanging just
below her scarf. "That, and your actions showed me that
you were a skulker."

"What are you talking about?"

"I followed that fucking thing for a week! It was bait,
waiting for a waste of space skulker like you to show up.
You walked away. You make us weak, just like those
Internet motherfuckers."

Anna noted that as Smith ranted, the gun wavered. But
not enough. She tried to keep him talking. "Internet?"

"Yeah, there's a bunch of folks spending their time
talking instead of doing. They send out whiny little messages
and hide behind fucking cute code-names. They're all
skulkers! They think they're safe behind words, but they
make mistakes and tell too much. Things that can be pieced
together to make a picture of them. I came here looking for
some of them. The name ‘dictatrix-one-one' mean any-
thing to you?"

Despite herself, Anna swallowed audibly.

"T thought so."

"But why?"

"Because this is the end game! We've got our back up
against the wall, and there's no place for freaks who can't give
it everything they've got. We're all gonna fight to the last or
we're all gonna lose."

"But—"

"Don't fucking interrupt me!" The gun jerked up again.
"It's people like you, who fucking skulk in the shadows even
when they know. You make us weak. You, Oracle and the rest


of the fucking weaklings. You gotta be purged. That's what
I'm here to do."

He coughed and the fire danced in his eyes. Just as with
The Pig and Goran. "You're either gonna come with me back
to the hotel so you can tell me about the other skulkers, or
you're gonna die right here. Your choice."

Anna let her shoulders slump and told herself that this
was how it would end. She had stopped hunting some time
ago, sitting back and watching things happen but rarely
ever acting on her own. In his own crazy way, Smith was
right. She'd given up the cause. But going with him now
meant ending in pain. In another camp run by a man who
should be a friend.

"Let's go!" he barked and waved his pistol to show the way.

Anna reacted. Like she did when Goran came for her
that last time. Like when the dead appeared on her first night
in New York. She swatted the pistol to the left while her right
hand went under her jacket. Smith squeezed the trigger. The
shot tore through part of her left arm and side.

Anna's right hand appeared with a .38 and fired into
Smith's face. He was still smirking when he hit the ground a
second after his brain hit the wall.

* * *

It was a week before Anna was back in her brother's
house in Brooklyn. Her left arm was in a sling, and she had
yet another round of appointments with the NYPD and the
INS to discuss the shooting. Her lawyer argued self-defense.
Given that her "victim," a Wisconsin man named Samuel
Baines, was wanted in connection with at least two mur-
ders, the story would probably stand up. It was also the
truth, after all.

Immigration might be more complex, but that could
wait for now.

Anna powered up her little computer and logged on to
the Internet. She closed her eyes and thought of the camps
again, but still typed it in: hetp://www.hunter-net.org.

Itwas barely ten minutes after her first post that a private
email arrived.

To: dictatrix! 1

From: witness]

Subject: Welcome back.

Good to have you with us again, D. Keep in touch.

That night, the stitches in her side and arm burning and her
body aching, Anna slept like a baby.


By Princ Boutir AN) Mrennst Lex


Crepnrs

Authors: Philippe Boulle and Michael Lee
Additional Material: John Steele and Greg Stolze
Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Ed Hall

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Michael Gaydos, Steve Prescott, BradRigney
Front Cover Art: Tommy Lee Edwards

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

Warr Woir Hockey Seeciat T Hanks

Phil "Family Ties" Boulle (Wing), for bailingonagame
when the clan was in town, instead of exposing them to
the carnage.

Brian "Hmm, hockey or beer?" Glass (#84, Defense),
for bailing on double-header, playoff-bound weekend
games for beer and conventions.

Rich "Penalty King" Thomas (#13, Defense), for get-
ting more team votes than any player in any category.
Mike "Corporate Endorsement" Tinney (#11, Goal),
for conning the Powers That Be into funding the sum-
mer 2000 season.

Fred "I don't need a stinking number" Yelk (#%$4&,
Defense), for losing his jersey and losing track of all
those goals and assists.

735 PARK NORTH BLVD. By 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights

roduction without the written permission of the publisher is"

b SUITE 128

expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for —
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal us

ay White Wolf and World of Darkness are registered trade-
CLARKSTON, tA 302 arks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Hunter
USA He Reckoning, Hunter Storytellers Companion, Hunter Sur-

PUBLISHING

vival Guide, Hunter the Walking Dead, Hunter Book Aver
Hunter Book Defender, Hunter Book Innocent, Hunter

Judge and Hunter Book Martyr are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights resei
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to

or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and sup
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.


Tapis of Gonrenrs

Procogue: Wet come Back
InvRoDUCTION

Guarrer i: Heep vue Gatt
Guarrer 2: Cross v0 Bear
Cuarrer 3: Lames Att
Guarren 4: Coming Sacrifices
Guarrer 5: New Rutes
Cuaprer 6: Marrvas av Lance


[PREScoff]

INTRODUCTION

For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the
world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put

away sin by the sacrifice of himself.

— Hebrews 9:26

Give Aut You Have v0 Give

Hunter Book: Martyr is a sourcebook that helps you
develop a better understanding of the Martyr creed and its
emerging role in the world of Hunter: The Reckoning. As
a Martyr you look at the World of Darkness and see all the
trials to come. Humanity is being tested, starting with you.
The fate of the world relies on you being willing to lay down
your life and face the overwhelming odds. You — and others
like you— have to heal the world before it's too late. You are
the hero who runs into a burning building, who goes back to
get his buddy from behind enemy lines, who takes bullet for
a total stranger. Where others call for pragmatism and "being
realistic," you screw up your courage and do what has to be
done. You hope others learn from your sacrifices, but you
don't count on it.

So what makes you carry on the good fight? How can you
keep enough hope in your heart to make all the pain worth
it? This book helps you decide, to determine who your Martyr
is, before and after the imbuing — and all the creed's new
powers and rules don't hurt, either.

But just as you need to better understand your own
Martyr, you must understand imbued society as it emerges;
the two are inextricably intertwined. As each of the newly
imbued struggles to understand her new world, origins and
purpose, she inevitably compares experiences, philosophies
and fears with those she encounters on the streets or on the

Internet. At first, the recently awakened latch onto anyone
who understands them; this new world is just too terrifying to
contend with alone. In time, however, as more and more
imbued dare meet and make overtures to find each other,
individuals with similar attitudes and theories are attracted
to one another and form like-minded circles. These found-
ling social groups are the foundations for what ultimately
become the creeds.

Yet, in these early days, many varied imbued can seem
to have common goals. As the chosen make contact, try to
understand their mutual condition and strive to work
together, similar goals and comparable experiences can
hide fundamentally different philosophies, whether about
imbued purpose, the nature of the Messengers, or the
necessary fate of the supernatural. All imbued agree that
the "other side's" hold on humanity must be broken, but
not everyone agrees on how to accomplish that goal.
Mutual experiences and mutual values turn out to be two
very different things. Imbued can therefore be taken by
surprise when a fellow "Martyr" really proves to be a
militant Avenger or fanatical Redeemer. Sometimes, the
chosen aren't even sure of their own ideals until having
become completely immersed in the cause.

Only after the imbued become fully devoted to or even
obsessed with the mission do their approaches to it become
purposeful and refined. Some become determined to save
monsters' souls. Others want to see such creatures utterly
destroyed. When this distillation is complete, the creeds as

a


social classifications finally arise. Martyr recognizes Martyr
and Judge recognizes Judge, all through the creeds' codified
values, intentions and goals in the hunt.

When will the imbued achieve such social structure? It
could take months or years as they struggle to understand
themselves and then one another. The fact that so many edges
seem to be shared by the chosen of various perspectives and
personalities doesn't help, either. When creeds as institutions
are finally acknowledged, however, the mission may finally
gain the momentum it needs to save humanity, once and for
all. Or perhaps such cumbersome and fractious divisions will
be the mission's undoing, as imbued fall to infighting and
politics rather than upholding their higher purpose.

Ultimately, the course of your chronicle and your
Storyteller's vision decide when the creeds become fully
recognized in your game. In the meantime, your Martyr's
completely developed identity helps define his own society.

Perspecrives

The opinions, theories, information and outlooks ex-
pressed in this book are presented in three distinct "voices."
These Martyr narrators typify the spectrum of personalities
across the creed as a whole. Each of these people presents his
or her own take on the origins, tactics, relations and ultimate
fate of Martyrs, and on the imbued in general.

The creed and its members' views evolve constantly as
Martyrs try to define themselves in a world they no longer
understand. With no other frame of reference, the chosen
often resort to the ideas, values and philosophies they pos-
sessed before their transformation. No two Martyrs have the
same thoughts about their origins. Thus, the questions the
imbued ask of themselves and their world — not any specific
belief system — best illustrate their individual and collective
identity. After reading this book, you should have a sense of
the drives and furies that inspire and motivate various Mar-
tyrs. You should sense what allows them to endure the pains
of their cause, and what influences their relations with other
imbued. We also hope that you're inspired to develop your
character's identity and beliefs fully, to make him just as
compelling in his work for a better world.

How ro Use Tuts Book

Hunter Book: Martyr shows you the World of Dark-
ness through fresh eyes. Each chapter deals with one broad
theme. Taken together they give you a new vision of the
hunt as a whole.

Chapter 1: Heed the Call examines the origins of
Martyrs as Martyrs perceive them. The creed's members
pursue personal causes and endure guilt over their actions to
extents that few other imbued do, all of which colors their
understanding of the calling.

Chapter 2: Cross to Bear looks at the methods and
beliefs of Martyrs. It's easy to think that creed members jump
into the jaws of death at every opportunity, but that's far from
the truth. They suffer fora purpose and this chapter examines
how they go about it.

Chapter 3: Lambs All deals with Martyrs' view of and
relations with other imbued. Many creed members are so
fired with their own causes that they dismiss fellow hunters.
Other Martyrs seek to show the imbued the light of a cause,
whether by instruction or object lesson.

Chapter 4: Coming Sacrifices reveals Martyrs' perspec-
tive on the future. These hunters are convinced that they will

aa ~

lay down their lives, sooner or later. Instead of make them
ignore the future, this fatalism makes them focus on it.

Chapter 5: New Rules provides you with all the game
mechanics and advice needed to make your Martyr unique.
Various new edges and Traits broaden creed members' capa-
bilities, and detailed guidelines help you build a character
who is more than a suicidal freak.

Chapter 6: Martyrs at Large provides you with a
selection of Martyrs out there fighting the good fight. Ready-
to-play templates can get you going ina flash, while notable
Martyrs give you examples to follow or avoid.

Lexicon

The imbued are still very much a new phenomenon. As
Martyrs discover each other and exchange ideas, a sort of
common parlance develops. The following terms are used by
some on hunter-net, in websites, on the street and elsewhere
to express ideas associated with the creed.

charity case: A Martyr who slowly but surely burns out
all his resources (health, finances) to support other hunters
— usually without much recognition — and so goes from
being a source of charity toa recipient thereof. A charity case
often ends up "in the Chevy Hilton" (ie., living in his car).

choice, the: The imbuing. Refers to the Martyr
belief that creed members (and hunters in general) choose
their fate. The imbuing only presents the option of
waking up. It's the conscious decision to stand up and
fight that really counts. The imbued are often called "the
chosen" for this reason.

cross to bear: The personal mission or cause of a Martyr;
sometimes used to refer to a monster that has become a
hunter's nemesis, motivation or inspiration.

drama queen: Disparaging term for a Martyr (male or
female) who draws attention to her sacrifices.

hole: Derived from "asshole" and "a-hole," this term
refers to selfish and self-absorbed people. Some Martyrs see
this behavior as the first step toward becoming a supernatural
monster — at which point one can still change one's fate.
Holes can suck others into their own selfishness, an event
referred to as "falling into a hole."

preacher: A Martyr who tries to recruit others to his cause,
often using religious language; also, "Falwell" or "savior."

slacker: An imbued who doesn't do enough, therefore
forcing Martyrs to do more; "slacking off" refers to the actions
of such imbued.

tested, the: The imbued generally and Martyrs specifi-
cally. Refers to the belief that Martyrs undergo worse
tribulations than any other chosen and so are somehow more
worthy. Also: "the devoted."

time, the: The moment when a Martyr must lay down
her life for the greater good. Also: "bottom of the ninth,"
"endgame" or "when the fat lady sings."

Source Mareriat

Martyrdom is certainly nothing new. People have been
laying down their lives for things they believe in for as long
as humans have existed. Religious texts are full of prophets
and believers who sacrifice themselves for their faith. In our
time, accounts of firefighters, soldiers and bodyguards jump-
ing into harm's way are, if not pervasive, then common.

Despite this long history of self-sacrifice, it can be
difficult to understand the psychology behind it all. What


makes people willing to put aside their own well-being? If the
world were full of monsters and even worse off than it
actually is, what kind of people would still be willing to step
in harm's way? Certainly, Hunter Book: Martyr answers
those questions, but other looks at the martyr mindset can be
helpful. The following sources approach the compulsion for
self-sacrifice from various angles.

Bringing Out the Dead: The ultimate Martyr movie.
Martin Scorsese directs Nicholas Cage as a sleep-deprived,
burnt-out paramedic in New York's Hell's Kitchen who just
can't stop caring for others enough to save himself. Watch as
the paramedics go madder and madder in a crazy situation.
See Cage haunted by the ghost of a woman he couldn't save.
See redemption come in small doses. Now go play Hunter.
(Along the same lines, realistic shows like Paramedics or
Trauma: Life in the E.R. are very useful for capturing the
combination of empathy and insanity that characterizes a
Martyr. These people give their all.)

Fight Club: A single charismatic leader draws in normal,
middle-of-the-road men by teaching them to let go of their
fear, to accept their own mortality and to get off on pain.
Then, by holding up nothing more than credit-card compa-
nies and IKEA as enemies, he turns them into an army.
Imagine what could be done against zombies and vampires!
Welcome to the world of militant and extremist Martyrs.

Millennium: Chris Carter's abortive, apocalyptic televi-
sion series about an ex-FBI agent haunted by visions of serial
killers has a lot of good Hunter elements going for it. It's the
end of the world and demons hide in human form. Fellow
fighters for light may be more dangerous than the "bad guys."
Loved ones and friends pay the ultimate price for your
dedication. All that, and the main character's visions are a
perfect representation of the Witness edge.

Saving Private Ryan: Good soldiers go on a fool's errand
that costs most of them their lives. They grumble, they
complain, they come close to outright treason, but they finally
make the ultimate sacrifice for someone they've never even
met. A good look at the reluctant camp of the Martyr creed.

INTRODUCTION

Saviors, nor Savaces

Martyrs are passionate, determined people. They
tend to give their all to whatever cause they follow or
plans they make, especially if those deeds bear on a
purpose or agenda that they believe will save souls. When
push comes to shove, however, the tested may not seem
very far from Avengers. Both will attack ruthlessly when
provoked and will hurt and kill if they believe it's neces-
sary. To the uninformed observer, both creed members
can seem to follow actions through till the bitter end, to
the death of creature or hunter. Perspective and rational-
ity seem to be optional for both groups.

The difference is that Avengers are often ruthless
due to wrath or self-righteousness. They believe they
have an ordained moral imperative to fulfill that only
they can. The relative needs, wants, identity or person-
ality ofa monster doesn't matter. Monstersdoasmonsters f
are, so they must be destroyed.

Martyrs don't have it so easy. They might recognize
an indisputable "right" that must be upheld — even
violently — but pursuing it probably holds no appeal.

The tested can go through with the act because no one
else will, not because no one else can.

Martyrs can also sympathize with creatures whereas
Avengers typically do not. Monsters might have been J
human once too, and probably didn't ask to become
predators, any more than hunters asked to be imbued.
Whereas monsters might have to harm or kill to sustain jf
themselves physically, Martyrs have to harm or kill to
sustain themselves morally, despite the personal anguish
itcauses. Itcan pain them to inflict harm on creatures, but
some creatures' actions against humanity and the world
simply cannot be abided. Destroying monsters is a neces-
sary evil, yet the similarities between monsters and Martyrs
means the tested virtually destroy themselves by answer-
ing the call. Avengers kill and call it justice.



CHAPTER i: HEED THE CALL

Save thyself, and come down from the cross.

— Mark 15:30

From: riggerl 11
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Goddam Security!

Okay, who the fuck is faxing this piece of shit called "The
Choices I've Made"? He's obviously one of us — it's full of
monsters-this, rots-that and blood-puppets-the-other. Who-
ever it is, get a clue about fucking security!

I mean this thing —all 20+ pages of it! —came out on my
fax machine at work. Right next to Jimmy the fucking section
manager! Am I the only one who remembers what happened
to xxx289? Don't bring the hunt to the office — not my office.

Witness, is there any goddamn security left on this site at all?
Subject: Re: Goddam Security!

From: witness1
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org, rigger111

> Witness, is there any goddamn security left on this
site at all?

I'm looking into it. I've gotten reports of several people
receiving this fax, but haven't been able to track down the
source yet. Keep an eye out, everyone.

q 7
Tue Guoices I ve Made, Pary One
SS paretesn ) aer 00:12:40 July 28
fers ae old euer J me
sa nd ps al ie "Libe

9 mi The old

with insets Re masesnad ths death pana
sed fe aad ed age Nope. That's uthen this
eothen auth tos mavol and said hed
ina Pas defender ibe thoy

sho YW, bul A tp that the Muslim Federation

Poferat earl poms

Se igi hides
a my il ‘hae

parapet pa
sy meted in Uiaie laters hile I walt bs dis
Hy ie peal thet Yasln df ppung oped
vidios aed Mendip ase Dah Fortean

brother. have eon the monstoss Talking with him since muy
crs shou efoto
to you ib one of them. the shit-slorm youre
pe Tp paki (rece

CONFESSIONS

Subject: Paying the Price
From: anon52
To: hunter. list@hutner-net.org

It's three in the afternoon and my oldest son is
still out there somewhere, probably asleep at this
time of day. He was out late last night with his
friends and he never came home. He's in the ground
now, I think, or maybe down in a basement — somewhere


HUNTER BOOK: MART YR

the sun can't reach. When it's dark, he'll wake, and
sometime after that I expect the phone to ring.

I've sat here in the kitchen for hours wondering
what I'll tell him, Yesterday I told a vampire that
I was going to kill it, like I would any rabid animal.
But this is no beast. This is my boy.

My wife's still crying. I never knew a human being
could hold so many tears. She blames me for Tommy's
disappearance. She's right, but the truth is much
more terrible than she thinks

The vampire took my son and violated him to send
me a message: I can't destroy him without destroying
everything I love.

He also wanted me to see that anyone can become
a monster. I see that now. I see it all too clearly.

They aren't our enemies. They're our reflec-
tions, a warning of what lurks inside each of us, just
underneath the surface

It's not Us versus Them. God help us, we are Them.

A Cicny vo SHow ru Way

Subject: Turning the Tide
From: joan296
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Amelia gave me three long scratches down the
side of my face, starting at my right cheek and down my
neck to my throat. They don't hurt so much any more,
but | think they may leave scars. | hope they do, to be
honest. They're the first things I've ever truly earned and
I'm proud of them.

| guess | should be scared after all that's happened,
but to tell you the truth I've never felt more alive. For the
first time, I've got a purpose. Something real that gives my
life meaning. It's incredibly humbling to think that I've
been chosen by God to save the world, but at the same
time it's exhilarating. | can see now how shallow and
empty a person | was before the Lord opened my eyes.
He's given me the chance to win back my soul and
spread his vision to everyone. It's the first time anyone has
trusted me with anything and | won't let Him down.

I've been watching on this list for a little while now. It's
amazing to see how many different opinions everyone
has about why we've been chosen. It's okay to be
confused. | was pretty confused at first. If you believe that
you've been shown the truth by the government or aliens
orwhatever, you need to take astep back and be honest
with yourself. Do you believe that because of what you
were shown, or are you just trying to make your own
theories fit what's happened? This isn't about us. It's
about God and his plan for the New World. You have to

i} From: riggerl 11
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Ignore this loser
Ignore this bleeding-heart psychodrama bullshit.
Either this guy is some idiot like Pattern179, trying to
mess with our heads, or we've got yet another security
failure and it's one of the bad guys trying to stir up some
shit. Notice that he doesn't even have the balls to get his
own screen name.
Witness, we don't need this defeatist crap. Can you
} just boot him off the list?

Subject: Brave New World?
From: memphis68
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

So tell, me, Joan, exactly what kind of white-bread
paradise is this we're fighting for? Your precious Church
has advocated centuries of persecution, murder and dis-
crimination. Is your heaven open to gays or blacks? How
about Muslims?

You're not the first person who's come onto this list
preaching about Jesus and salvation. Every one of them
turned out to bea far-right wacko. Now, I'm willing to give
you the benefit of the doubt for the moment, but you better
ask yourself some damn hard questions. The world is a hell
of a lot more complex than you think.

If your paradise can't find room for _everybody_,
regardless of creed or color, then you're part of the
problem, not the solution.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: dictatrixl 1
Subject: Re: Brave New World?

Memphis (and Joan),

It is natural for people to turn to religion in difficult
times. It is also typical for individuals to use religion to
justify all manner of terrible actions. I certainly do not
advocate the extreme rhetoric of someone like Cru-
saderl7, but at the same time I consider myself a person
of faith, much as he does. Do not paint us all with the
same brush, nor hold the crimes of our forebears against
us. With matters of faith, it is not the letter of the thing
as much as its spirit.

Honestly, I think we could all stand to hear the
promise of heaven from time to time. Surely there must
be something beyond this terrible struggle we wage.

open yourself to what He's shown you and accept His
divine message of hope and rebirth. You may have lived
a sinful life, an empty existence of material things and
selfish ambitions, but God has chosen you anyway, be-
cause He believes in you. Trust in Him. Let go of your old
life and its worldly ways. You're meant for something
better, if you have the courage to ear it.

Tue Mowenrs

them feel what ts hunt. That aint everyday shit. And
So what the hell am I? Am I a damn monster too?
I hope not.
The that makes sense is Im a man who made
Huckeinte tod


Before I made 6 ee tad fees
athe tat Fs it
pit acon 9 dt lolitas
‘euen meg 46.
(ier en hbo aa iu:
1, fii, Hawa the gos ame, Lil alin ting a
‘clot bean uiad bo be mang penile boos tha ak
more than a soneu, Iwas latest no-good bastard
fucking her telling her ack Jcant ls
Sa fl eco, Manian ht hte
oe le wilh Od Sie tn Uy obeal 3 wl
i on Fin
Gioas gol Later' Woche hence nd cot
ino Ut bb bon Wack folbs tend ts gol thei asses biked in
Bad place so loan tiay Iho ‘ul there. Ifiqured
Me mah han ad ma i ta iF aly diet
vor! places Td have looked wore oxackhoutes and
Ursting galloleh Wein oud I cdth thet boun ov una
Instead she was on worse,
Sh a a te hac of th es pa the Hoey ges ced

ek ates ally eis fool witha hal} dozen gus Syd
in some.

rer! acer apt par and just darted

walking toward Td grab the girl wp and get the
on of Then Id get what I wanted from her.

rl

seeaiig "Gear the the

Fie Adana

L 100 them better.

pau oes

them for the first time

"hy iohe ity dsb ite, I tasted tnoat
Wert berekdethel doped

wasa
Pe mean, He looked at me with dead eyes and told
waa @ new. now. He smiled and his teeth
oaks lp mls

every part of ha fae pilasiiock
iti tat sete cat oud mek oe

b was 7 hb
Ce eee oe aie

joie alot pon St ripe ire poegragid

egg tel whe was
par nega opie = iy 2p
aT colin' Hee so ego ham hey powell
dead wide 7 thay ket Mona doa! boos how bal)
brew. they were going ts. make her one of them. YI didnt
Mop them, who the hell would?
That was the choice: ia Peas pec eee eek ar
more to shit, or take a stand. I guess there wat no choice at all.
When I realized sialhah clad 1 Lad ita ths jaloloctppand
That's when J Dead E, and
gall Soggy cats ed Coad hated
J chose to be @ man.

Racine rie Nicur

The first monster I ever saw was a zombie, I think.
That's true for most of us, from what I can tell here.
He was standing at the corner of Eighth and Division,
arms at his side, just staring into space. I wouldn't
have paid any attention to him at all except that it
was late, nearly two in the morning, and I was ina
bad part of town. My car had died and I was walking
back to the Greyhound station to use the phone.

He looked like just another homeless guy or a
drifter. Dirty, rumpled suit jacket, dark pants and
ratty shoes, his hair wild and tangled. His shoulders
were slumped and he stood very still as if he was
waiting for something. When I realized that, the
hairs went up on the back of my neck. I was suddenly
glad I'd decided to take my tire iron with me, hidden
under my coat. Then it happed.

The crosswalk sign over his head changed from
"WALK" to "CURSED."

I stopped in the middle of Eighth. The guy turned
— not a glance, but a kind of shuffling, whole-body
turn — and looked at me. His skin was gray and a patch
of it was gone over the top of one cheek. There was
a kind of green light in his eyes. Grave mold glowed
like that, I remember thinking. I'd seen it on TV once.

The man was dead, I realized, and I went cold. Then
- I remember like it was yesterday — I suddenly knew
this guy was in pain. A constant waking hell, trapped
ina rotting corpse. What could make someone go through
that?

What would anyone do for love? Or hate? Or fear?
Can someone's obsessions twist his body into
something that's no longer human? Can his will be so
strong that it drives his body to work even after he's
dead? The fact is modern science still hasn't got a
Clue about the Limits of the human mind. We can't even
say for sure how much of it we use from day to day
We do know that our state of mind can create changes
in our bodies. Depression or stress can leave us open
to physical illness. Or in amore extreme case, think
about people Like the Polynesian fire walkers. They
can walk over hot coals and not feel a thing. Their
skin isn't even burned. So who knows what our minds
can do if the desire is strong enough?

That's where monsters come from, I think. They've
probably been with us as long as there's been a human
race. What's a ghost, after all, but the spirit of a
person who refuses to leave the world, or who doesn't
even realize he's dead? Maybe a zombie is the same thing
taken one step further. The soul refuses to leave. It
still feels that it has unfinished business, so it
forces its body to go on working. Maybe even
bloodsuckers started this way. Ever hear of Elizabeth
Bathry? She was an insane medieval noblewoman who
thought she could stay young by bathing in the blood
of virgins. What if someone, long ago, believed
something similar — that they could live forever by
drinking the blood of other people? Their obsession
twisted their body to the point that they became a living
corpse. And what if they believed so strongly that they
were able to spread their curse to other people?

The point is, it takes a human being to make
a monster.

The seeds are in each and every one of us, just
waiting to sprout. Sometimes we surrender our souls
out of anger or passion. Other times we sell our souls
bit by bit in return for gratification. The end result
is the same. Most never understand until it's far, far
too late. But once they've crossed the line, there's

a =


no turning back. Past a certain point they don't even

have the strength to end their miserable lives, but

a small part of them wants the pain to end, whether

they realize it or not. So they reach out to anyone

with enough compassion to understand. Someone willing

to commit the act that they're no longer able to do.
They ask for mercy. They turn to us.

ERRAND OF Mency

The zombie showed me his true face. A part of him
was trying to beg me for help, I think.

Sometimes things are so obvious we just can't see
them for what they are. That's why I think there are
so many wild theories about "Messengers" on this
list. Stop lying to yourselves. Look at the facts.

When your eyes are open, are there angels
hovering overhead? Or aliens? No. There's only you
and the monster.

The monster gives you the message, though he
doesn't realize it. It's an unconscious thing,
driven by pain and despair. A street sign changes
from WALK to CURSED. It's just the flip side of the
same power that lets them hide in plain sight.

Why us? Why not? Who knows how many times each
night these creatures try to reach out to other
people? It's not that we're anything special. We're
just the ones who bothered to listen.

None of this occurred to me at the time, of
course. I looked the zombie in his rotted eyes and
tried not to scream.

He shuffled toward me. His mouth worked —I saw bits
of dirt trapped between its teeth. All he said was
"Wallet." He wasn't looking at me any more, but past
me, across the street where two winos shared a bottle
in an alley. I watched this dead guy head for them.
Somehow I was certain that they were about to die. Maybe
the monster told me that, too, or maybe it was just
instinct. Either way, it left me with a choice, though
at the time I didn't realize that, either.

I don't think I was in any immediate danger. I
could have just turned my back and walked away. Maybe
by morning I could even have convinced myself that
I'd been seeing things. But I couldn't do it. That's
not the kind of person I am. If I see there's something
that needs doing, I do it. My wife used to say I was
a stand-up guy. I think I just don't have enough faith
in anyone else to get the job done.

I knew no one else was going to help those two
bums. So I turned around and went after the dead guy,
with no clue what I'd do when I caught up to him.

The monster never slowed down. He grabbed the first
wino and dragged him into the alley like the guy didn't
weigh an ounce. I saw his buddy pull a knife and shove
it into the dead guy's side, but the zombie didn't
flinch. That was when I got my first real jolt of fear.
I pulled out the tire iron, wondering what good it was
going to dome if a knife couldn't stop him. I was going
to get hurt, really bad. But I kept on going all the
same. I was the only chance those guys had.

By the time I got to the alley, the first wino
was a bloody mess. The zombie grabbed the second guy.
I looked at the bloody body at the monster's feet and
realized that was going to be me, but maybe I would
buy the other guy enough time to get away. So I yelled
the first thing that came to me: "Hey! I got your
wallet right here!"

All my fear just melted like frost from a
windowpane. What I was doing wasn't exactly smart,

but it was right. It was the stand-up thing to do.
I'd made my choice and there was no turning back.

Only a human being can make a monster. Only
another monster can kill one.

I've learned that a dead guy can throw you around
like a rag doll. I guess the same twisted desire that
keeps it around also makes it strong. When we make the
choice to fight back, we do the exact same thing. It's
either that or die, and the will to live is one of the
strongest we have. So when the zombie grabbed me, I
rammed the tire iron through his chest! I'd never been
so strong in my entire life. I wasn't human any more.

Neither are you.

We all make that choice for different reasons,
but the end is the same. When we heed the call and
put ourselves in a monster's path, we have to become
the very thing we're trying to destroy. Is it fair?
No. But what is? It's funny how so many people on this
list look down on folks who hear the call but choose
not to act. Call them bystanders or duds or whatever.
Looking back now, I envy them. Maybe they were
frightened or just selfish or maybe they simply had
too much to live for. Whatever the reason, I can't
blame them for just wanting to stay human.

Answering vne Gate

For everything there is a season, the Bible says. A time
to kill, a time to heal, a time to sow. You know what I'm
talking about. There's a point and a purpose to everything
and everyone. For that reason, God has chosen a collec-
tion of people to show the way to the New World. There's a
need forwarrors and healers, lawmakers and rule-breakers,
allunitedinacommon purpose, toset the feet ofthe human
race on the path to the new Canaan. But the road is long
and full of peril, and there must be someone who will lead
andlight the way, to set an example that will inspire the rest.
That's the purpose God has set for me, and maybe the
course He has set for you as well.

When the Lord calls to each of us, He sets our purpose
with a specific test. He knows what each of usis to do, but
we have to recognize it as well and realize the world's
decay. That's why we're all forced to see the demons for
what they truly are, in ways that are terrifying and trau-
matic. This isn't the time for burning bushes and visions of
angels. The world is on the brink of destruction and we
have to act now, before it's too late. He has faithin us, but
we have to have faith in ourselves. That only comes from
enduring a trial of horror, pain and blood.

For those of us destined to light the path to the New
World, God gives the greatest test of all. We must be
willing to give everything we have, mind, body and soul,
for the sake of another. He takes us to a place where we
must choose to put the needs of others ahead of ourown,
no matter the cost. For some of us, the choice is easy, but

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: sleepless71
Subject: Sympathy for the Devil?

Listen, buddy, I'm sorry for what happened to your
kid, but I think you're going a little too far here. The
minute you start showing sympathy for monsters, they'll
turn you inside out. This bloodsucker is wrapping you
around his finger. Don't kick yourself about what hap-
pened and try to make the fucking monster the victim
here. He took your son! Make him pay!


for me, who lived a life of self-indulgence and material
things, the moment of truth was earthshaking.

Amelia came from Brazil with her family just two years
ago. Her fatheris a doctor. Her motheris some kind of artist.
They're successful, but not enough to afford sending
Amelia to the kind of schools that | went to. She came to
Livingston Prep on some kind of scholarship, and anyone
worth knowing looked down on her. Including me. |
wouldn't have been caught dead with her if she hadn't
been assigned to tutor me in Latin, and even then insisted
we do it somewhere off-campus, preferably at my house.

She was always very sweet and polite when she came
over. The first couple of times she walked around the house
just staring at everything. She said | lived in a palace. |
remember how | sneered at her when she said it. | thought
my family lived in a dump. How little | really knew.

Then, one evening in October, her parents called
and said their car had broken down and they would be
late.|didn'twantherin the house one minute longer than
necessary, because | had important things to do, like
reading a magazine and calling my stupid friends. | tried
to get Rosita, our maid, to drive Amelia home, but she
had to go to church. So finally | grabbed the keys to Dad's
Land Rover and drove her myself.

Amelia's parents had a nice house in the suburbs. At
the time, | thoughtit was the center of the projects. As we
drove, | started to get an inkling of how hard her parents
worked to send Amelia to school. I'd never even thought
abouthowmuchanything cost before that. She sat in the
leather passenger seat as if she was afraid she'd leave
marks on it. Any other time | might have thought it was
funny, but just then it made me feel kind of, well, cheap
inside. I'd never felt anything like that before and it took
me by surprise. Looking back, | realize it was a message
from the Lord, awakening me to the call.

The house was dark when we got there. Amelia didn't
move for a moment, staring nervously at the windows. |
suddenly felt sory for her, or maybe | was just feeling guilty for
the way I'd been acting. We hopped out of the Land Rover
andshe smiled gratefully as she walked with me to the porch.

Amelia opened the door. | went in right behind her.
lintended to help her turn some lights on. Then maybe, if
| got up enough courage, | was going to thank her for all
the help she'd given me with Latin. There was a lamp to
the right of the door. It filled the entryway, throwing
shadows on the plaster walls. The shadows spelled out
words, "EVIL WAITS IN THE DARKNESS."

Before | could point it out to Amelia, something
moved in the next room.

Wewere both too scared to speak. |looked through the
entrance and couldsee the shape of a tall man, just beyond
the light. The moment we saw him, he spoke in a deep, cold
voice. He told Amelia that she was coming with him. He
stepped forward and| could see that he wasn'ta man atall,
but a creature. It was covered in fur and its face looked like
some kind of animal's. Onlyits eyeslooked human, butdead.

!was right by the open door.! could have turned and
run. The moment the thought occurred to me, | was
overwhelmed with shame. Suddenly, that wasn't the
kind of person! wanted to be. The next thing | knew, | was
walking forward, putting myself between Amelia and the
monster. | told the thing in a calm voice that he was going
to have to go through me first.

The thingleapt at me, and you know whaf? Alll could
feel was joy! | knew the beast was going to kill me, but it

CHAPTER i: HEED THE CALL

felt asif I'd beatenit. My fear faded away and! couldsee
a radiance, like a bright, golden glow surrounding me.
That was when my eyes were opened to God's plan.

Everyone seems to have their own stories of awaken-
ing. The details vary from person to person, but a few
things are common. For us, the moment of truth comes
when we're called to stand in harm's way, offering our
own bodies for the sake of someone else. It's when we let
go of our worldly desires and surrender ourselves to the
cause of mercy and compassion. That's when God fills us
with his light and gives us the strength of angels.

What's interesting is that not all of us witness the same
radiance that surrounded me. There are some people who
have made a lot out of this, suggesting that we "shining
ones" are more exalted than the rest, perhaps because our
souls are more pure, our motives more Godly. | think God
does whatever He feels necessary to get His message
across. All knew about the Bible up to that point was drilled
into my head in school. | think He caused me to shine as a
way of showing that there was a deeper, holier purpose to
my life than I'd known before. Nothing more, nothing less. If
other people aren't given reason to shine, maybe it's
because they're spiritual enough that they don't need
special effects to know Godis talking to them. Whatever the
case, it shouldn't be a sticking point used to set one person
above another. We have to be above such things. If we
can't put aside our egos and prejudices for the sake of the
greater good, how can we expect anyone else to?

We have to be the example for all the others to
follow. We must be the parchment upon which God's
plan is written, for all the world to see. Otherwise the
demons will surely claim us all.

Burning Brighr
I thinks my decision opened. inside ma
Be aed ceria Walle
rc si aa ie The
re him. His mom, whe was like 30, PO liled the b
tu Mucha be 900 pou on some sh tb bbe

— that woman didnt care if, her back broke. Saving her

Its like we all sere iden, had c on fag
cae

dino he ba Fo gal jf
ue

le ie ? That IU die
before I grou old? 9 quets. But that's the choice Tue made.

a =


HUNTER BOOK: MART YR

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: reaper201
Subject: Who the hell do you think you are?

Where the hell do you get off coming onto this listand
telling us we're monsters? I've lost everything I had trying
to make this city clean of creatures. I've lost my friends, my
family, my career. I'm only a step away from homelessness
because | used the last of my savings to get a mother and her
kid out of town, where a rot wouldn't be able to find them.
I've sacrificed for people I don't even know, and I've seen
things that still haunt me when I sleep. And you have the
nerve to say I'm no better than one of them?

From: descent88
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Re: Who the hell do you think you are?
Reaper,
Like you, | initially took great exception to what this
i} poor man has been saying on the list, but now that I've had
time to think things over, | wonder if he might not have a
| number of valid points. While I firmly believe that we are
every bit as human as those we fight to protect, it's impor-
tant to remember that the very qualities that reaffirm our
humanity also carry the potential to wreak great harm. We
have power beyond the abilities of normal people, and
power, as we all know, corrupts. Violence has a way of
tainting the way in which we view the world. Surely youcan
agree that there are those on this list (and others) who have
} taken our change as confirmation of their own agendas.
} We're not monsters, but if we're not brave enough to
consider our actions with uncompromising honesty, we run
the risk of becoming a reflection of our enemy.
| I'm not saying | agree with him, but it doesn't do us
any good to dismiss his message out of hand.

Haro Cuorces
You don't feel it at first, but from the moment
you give up being human, your soul starts to die.
Four months ago, I would have never dreamed that
I could kill someone. When I went home the night after
I killed that dead guy, I told myself that I hadn't
committed murder. How can you kill something that's
already dead? It made sense for a while. I was
convinced that, whatever else had happened, I was
still essentially the same person I had been before.
I even tried to quit. I told myself that what I'd
done that night was never going to happen again. But
then three weeks later I saw another creature as I
was driving home from work. I didn't know exactly
what he was doing, but I somehow knew he was going
to hurt someone. People from the bus station walked
past him totally oblivious to the monster in their
midst. That's what clinched it for me. I was the only
person who could see it for what it was. Didn't that
give me a responsibility to do something about it?
The problem was, I was still pretty hurt from the
first time. I didn't want that thing to get its hands
on me. You know what I did? I found a convenience store,
bought a pint of some cheap liquor and put a dollar's
worth of gas in my spare can. Ten minutes later I was
driving back down Eighth with a bomb between my knees.
It took a while to spot the monster again, but when I
did it was heading down a narrow streeet between Eighth
and Ninth. There was no time to think things over. I

turned down the street, drove up behind the thing, then
got out and lit the molotov. He turned to face me and
I threw it square into his chest. The thing went up like
a candle. What I didn't expect was that he started
screaming. Not out of pain, really, or even fear. It
was more like a cry of frustration, of being cheated
of something he wanted more than anything else in the
world. The monster thrashed around, bouncing off the
walls, trying to put out the fire, but it toppled over
pretty soon and then stopped crying.

I stood there for a while, I think, watching it
burn. I was too horrified to move. Not of the monster,
but of what I'd done. How in hell had I gotten to a
place where I could set someone of fire, anyone,
without hesitation?

Sure, I could say it was because the thing was
a monster, not a real person. But it screamed. It
didn't want to die and I took away its existence
without a thought, except to avoid being hurt myself.

How far would you go to destroy a monster? Never
mind how much the creature might deserve it. What
kind of actions are you morally prepared to take in
order to kill something?

Being human is about compassion, mercy and
forgiveness. It's about decency and trust and a hundred
other things that define the quality of someone's soul.
These qualities are what let us love our kids, to be
good husbands, to be people that others can depend on
when they need help. Without that, we're just killers,
no better than the monsters we hunt. Past a certain
point, what's the difference between killing a monster
or another person? Not much. If you're willing to
torture a monster for information, what's to stop you
from doing the same to a human being if the need is great
enough? Only you can answer that, but I promise the line
is thinner than you think. People can rationalize all
manner of evil, given enough time.

I'm not saying we're all supposed to be saints.
The fact is we can't protect the people we love and
save lives without doing some of the same terrible
things that monsters do. Sometimes we have to be as
ruthless and violent as they are. Eventually, if we
live long enough, we'll lose our souls just like they
have. Maybe one day we'11 find ourselves reaching out
to a stranger to put an end to our own nightmare.

Just two days ago, I kidnapped a man and tortured
him with a car battery. When he told me what I wanted
to know, I killed him and set fire to his body. I told
myself he was the servant of a vampire, a monster that
fed on desperate kids. But the fact is, I did something
unspeakable to him — and at the time I didn't feel a
thing. It was just a means to an end. It was only later
that I thought about what I'd done, and now I don't
think there's much left of the man I used to be.

We've all made a choice to become what we are.
Whether you realized it or not at the time, your old
life went away. What you have to do now is make the
most of that sacrifice and fight the good fight for
as long as you can. Sell your soul dearly and stand
in harm's way to protect the defenseless whenever you
can. It's your duty. It's your right. It's the stand-
up thing to do. Let's leave this world a better place
than when we came into it.

Dancine wir ras Devic

The battle between good and evil has been going on
since the Garden of Eden. Satan saw Adam and Eve in
Paradise. How did he damn them? He gave them the
knowledge of good and evil. It's that knowledge that has


made us our own worst enemies and given demons a
doorway into our souls.

When a person's life becomes consumed with shal-
low, worldly things like shopping, playing the stock market
or doing ecstasy, it starts to suck away at their soul,
shrinking it bit by bit until there's nothing left inside. You
see people like this every day. You go to school with
them, work with them or pass them on the street. They
might even be your parents or brothers or sisters.

The demons are always trying to fill the void inside us.
When a person's soulis totally gone, they move in and things
get really bad. That's when you get people like Charles
Manson or Adolf Hitler. The more soulless and poisoned you
are, the more the demons can take hold of you. Eventually,
they can even start to change the way you look. When you
die, they can keep your body and use it like their own. The
strongest demons can change into horrible shapes, like the
creature that attacked Amelia and I, ortum their victims into
bloodsucking monsters. Their whole purpose is to spread
conuption, causing other people to give into their dark
natures and allow more demons into the world.

Fortunately, God hasn't left us helpless. You and |
aren't the first people to hear His call and fight the mon-
sters, not by along shot. In the past, every time itlooked like
the demons were getting the upper hand, He would seek
out people to spread His message and put the world back
on the right track. People like Jesus, who came at a time
when the Roman Empire was corrupting everything it
touched. His sacrifice started the Christian Church. Or King
Arthur, who set an example of bravery and chivalry, and
brought all the knights of the land together to battle evil.
Later, in the Middle Ages, there was Joan of Arc, who |
named myself after, because she was a girl about my age
and she heard the message just like me. | hope that when
the time comes, |can face my death as bravely as she did.

We're just the latest in a long line of crusaders,
struggling to keep the human race free of evil. But things
are different this time. There are more monsters than ever
before. Our whole society rewards corruption and deca-
dence. It's all about greed and lust and selfishness. The
demons are having a field day. That's why there are more
of us now than ever before.

The enemy is on the verge of triumph. The end of the
world is at hand.

Toe Cuotee oF Evie

That first night at that damn bar, I didnt know shit.
J didnt know about monsters out of movies or that Dead
Eyes and his crew had been their souls te make

SANT Teg era ance ee
amanda hadnt seen the rotting corpses working at
es fl Vid} hoists Mera wie hached hs the tomes

af the reat of them and would never get off it

Now I hnow. the world is full of twisted When I let
it, the rot inside these things screams out at me. caragrer
like Maria and Dead Eyes, I s00 the back tar

pt pa I 0 their souls rotting away. th
maggnte mcsilg in and out of them. Tue euen seen

we
A feu meres Sie See dha Et fadlee bok wide
him tan Dib a smear and bnew I done right. But theyre nat
De tec west ofe I dard deck of dam Lost
like that. We're all our mothers' little boys, once upon a time.

PER G:HEED THE GALL

Subject: First Among Equals?
From: enigmal43
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Joan, you can't have it both ways. Are we all in this
together, everybody equal in the struggle, or are there some
of us that are more holy than others? From the sounds of
things, most of us are just foot soldiers while people like you
tell us what to do and when to do it.

What the hell makes you more fit to lead this fight?
You're a teenage mall rat, for God's sake. There are
people here who are twice your age and ten times more
experienced. More open-minded too, for that matter.
Like Memphis said, there's a lot more to this world than
MTV and weekends in the Hamptons.

Listen, no offense, but it's only typical for someone
yo uur age to think you're the center of the universe. I don't

lame you for that. But saying that some of us are more
valuable than others, no matter how much you sugar-coat
it, just serves to divide us further, not bring us together.

I admire your attitude, kid, but try being a team
player instead of the coach before someone actually
listens to you and gets themselves killed.

i i sy Choice is all about
sacnifice, hai gialng samelhing ced else
ie Sr feat ne
G wonnial Ufo coud a elena en

The monsters their souds domaciing eiia [ice

aint a one-time 4
a ake pr hag ak poy ph rerad
all ) gotta do is be less human and I can do all hinds of shit
Ik be 4) drink this black tar. So what worms
death? So what if it owns me? Life's shit

Problem is, that's a suckers het. All telfis
in the end. \ poet A AI wT SORA
pp eel se a nai

the high, Fi Na As

sion Laced acy ted ut sen pl ood Yooh lad

Fi ane x Ap aS your choice? Is your
family better or worse? Take a wild guess.

Enough selfish choices and youre a fucking monster,
Srers Aton ve Pari

Course it aint as simple at all that. No, I take that bach.
In the end, it is that simple. You choote your fate. But it's
alte more betuida gos cant dicie ta ccoild as
good and euil. Weve all got some of each in us.

Last month, I hooked wp with a bunch of folks who. sau

ould

Euil, That was

J think of "monsters" as
talking about what
because of the choices


First off is what I call a hole, like asshole. A hole ism't
a Hollywood monster on nothing. He's just a guy whos
decided he's out for number one. He's the motherfucker who
sells out his friends bo get. a bigger paycheck. He's the ate

whe takes a hickback ts let some pusher son of a bitch
business on your stoop. He's that same pusher who gives
crack ts your kids. When I was screwing Maria and
my wife I was looking for a job, I was being a hole
being « hole is like the first step toward being a honest-
ts-God monster. You dont become evil without selfish
first. The best time te stop someone on the wrong path is when
theyre just a hole. Once they tahe the nent step, its hell-and-
a-halh ts hel them shordof oulling a bull i thetr head. God
knows I wasnt able to do i.

The second hind of monster is the user. A user has
crossed the line and turned ints some sort of nightmare shit.
He gets off on it, but thats about all. Maria was a user
— the drank in tome death, burned away pa fof hah des
wi meade het fat good ond sit She i aifak
of te tbat heute lie wns thts hiebof potke

Users come in a lot of shapes. Some are really fucking

4 — a spook whe gets off on soaring people, or
whatever. These ones have te be put down, Others just hip
ave thamselues. and yous might be able ts det them 4
lod of them are like junkies and in way over their heads. I
they want ts, they can maybe get out of it, but they U need help.

The third hind is the pusher. A pusher is a monster who
makes other monsters. Dead Eyes and his boss were pushers.
They got Maria te lick up their shit and were doing it across

jhe nagblavioed. hay, oars wahingio Utley
themselses [fat atta goad it did them, though) nate

evil through and trough. They might have been good people
pa i A acai gan 8 a
grave is where they belong

I's all about choice

Tue Eno oF Days

God talks about the end of the world in different parts
of the Bible. When it happens, He says, it will be with fire.

Hell is also a place of eternal flames. This isn't a
coincidence. The whole object of the eternal battle be-
tween good and evil is to bring about Hell on Earth.

Look outside. Look at Somalia, Bosnia or Chechnya.
Look at New York City. It's happening even as you read
this. More and more people are giving in to evil and
spreading the demons' influence. We see more and
more creatures walking the streets, wearing the guise of
normal people. The dead won't stay in their graves. It's all
coming to a head, and past a certain point there won't
be enough left of the human race to save.

That's why there are so many of us here. We're God's
army, the chosen few. It's ourhearts, oursouls, against the
forces of Hell. This is the last battle. This time it's all or
nothing. We aren't here to just restore the balance. We're
going to start a crusade that cleanses the human race of
its evil, so the demons can't touch us again.

We have to come together and fight the beasts
wherever they hide. We have to intervene when a hu-
man soul lies on the cusp of corruption and lead it back
to the light, shedding our own blood if need be. God will
reward us for every drop in the New World to come.


From: rigger! 11
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Now I get it

Now I see what's going on. We've got another
fuckup on our hands.

Listen, mister melodrama. Dousall a favor and stop
wasting bandwidth on all this pity-me crap. You aren't
anything special, buddy, and nobody's going to miss you
after you're gone. If you want to go out and die gloriously
for the cause, be my guest. Strap a few sticks of dynamite

} to your ass and run up to the first rot you find. You'll be
doing us all a favor.
} To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: dictatrix11
} Subject: Perspectives
| If any of you had ever witnessed your home become
} alivinghell, you would not doubt fora moment that there
are monsters inside us all, waiting to come out. I saw my
i} former neighbors become torturers overnight. The more
i} they indulged their dark sides, the more their appetites
i} grew. I saw the rape camps and the mass graves. | know
1} that what this poor man says is true. Listen to him.

Allwe needis to have faith and the Lord will make
us strong.

When that demon came at me, | thought! was going
to die. | yelled for Amelia to run and prepared to hold the
thing off as long as | could. Without thinking, | shouted the
name of Jesus Christ. | felt my skin grow warm. Light
radiated from my body and the monster backed away.
I grabbed Amelia's book bag and beat the thing as hard
as | could. | didn't even feel it when he clawed open the
leg of my jeans. The demon grabbed me by my belt and
threw me across the room.

Ilanded ona table and brokeit.! was lying in bits of glass
and wood. It felt like my back was broken, but when the
thing landed on top of me, | yelled in its face and tried to
grab something | could use as a weapon. | flailed through
pieces of glass, slicing up my hand and arm, but suddenly
| found a shard that was long and slim like a knife. The
demon grabbed me by the throat. As its mouth opened |
drove the glass into his eye. It howled loud enough to make
my ears ring, and leapt across the room. When | looked, it
was gone, as if it had never been there at all.

There was a floor-length mirror in the far corner. |
looked at my reflection and realized that the glow was
gone. The memory of it remained though. The face that
looked back at me seemedlike a totally different person.

Amelia had run into the kitchen and hidden in the
pantry. When | got the door open she went nuts, hitting
and clawing at me in sheer terror. | grabbed her and held
her and told her everything was going to be okay. After
awhile, it was.

Mom freaked when she saw all my cuts. | told her!'d
fallen through a French door at my friend Tiffany's house.
| don't know if she believed me, and! don't care. | stood
up to a demon. | saved someone's life. This is only the
beginning.

Voices im My HeaD
There's not much to do in stir but think. That and

CHAPTER i: HEED THE GALL

I been @ lot about the J t0een and

months. Like J said, I think it
all comes down te the choice ts do whats , te helioue
than you are.

My grandma used to tell stories about her
men told and away from their women. Thats what
the place where I lived. He had to be
But the J newer got until now was the voices. I

fuck its

Whe. says those things? Who made that juhehox, ship?
Who pu the tadpoles wi at al bl
ou of being just anobien hole?

youd hear them moan. She said she'd never go. back to

See, now it all makes sense to me, and 4o does the
church my mother and auntie drilled inte us.
Cain and Abel, Moses and the Pharach, Jesus and the

ieee neon np sean things for

All those victims are calling out ts the few people whe
might give a damn. hens ie ne lnadatd out the
We thet oll lesiotin te Alice A bing fold tha
we cant mt nga Ue a a fovrry Sear be
from the voices. Either we do on we ignore the
Mase id caniyah bari halet
W ioxdosslsad ol all sss Uaccitan Toiioua's) thaw. As
for athe Mas cacracd, 1 dane mrder ot he oly
out "4 ‘
Bul thal wat the choice I made and Til make it agaun
My auatie did tad chan fadguand Say cama, the
seal did cous tel te nate east say

a =



CHAPTER 2: CROSS TO BEAR

The sacrifice of the wicked is abomination: how much more,
when he bringeth it with a wicked mind?

— Proverbs 21:27

Tue Cuoress I've MaDe, Parr 2

FAX TRANSMISSION 07:44:19 August 15
Jue spent more time in the court room. The last week
pl lath selection, they say. Bunch of bored
on teeing a murder bial or want
paren he brother who's me ib
the aaeet i lalla tl Bela

‘thi lected 4
etal imckamenlion idiom

Me Srmeeeh been whispering he
wee a i le el
Uhlan
a cancer for himself. Typical shit.

Watkine vie Line

Subject: Coping with the Truth
From: anon52
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

You know what I did that first night, after I
killed that thing downtown? I went home, turned on
every light in the house and did three loads of
laundry. It was four in the morning, and I went into
the den, turned on the TV, and folded clothes while
infomercials were on. I had three bruised ribs and
cuts across my back, arms and neck. There was a tire
iron in the trunk of my car crusted with blood and
bits of skin, and I was trying like mad to pretend
like nothing had happened.

From: hannibal 137
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Re: Those Faxes

Yeah, okay, the second one of these "choices"
faxes popped up at my place this morning while I was
having coffee. I was expecting an insurance quote and J
I got this instead.

So I've done some piecing of clues together in the
meantime. He's referring to the "Muslim Federation" in
these things. Is this the Nation of Islam? I think I've
heard that there's a bunch of splinter groups and stuff, so
maybe that's what he's referring to.

He'salso on trial for murder, although he won't name
his victim. I'm trying to find cases that match some of the
dates and events. He talks like he's headed for death row,
so that means the US and he's referred to lethal injection.
According to my source, lethal injection states are Ar-
kansas, Colorado, Delaware, Idaho, Illinois, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hamp-
shire, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Texas,
Utah, Washington State and Wyoming. I __think_Geor-
gia and New York on there now too. Not much help.

The last thing is he refers to someone I've got to
believe is Traveler72. You out there Traveler? You want f
to share some info?

Anyway, anyone else got some info on this?

I told myself over and over that it was all some
weird fluke. I saw some people in trouble and I did
what I could to help them. That was it. I wasn't going
to see any more monsters. Life could go back to
normal. Then, three weeks later, after I'd killed

a =


my second thing, I went home, cleaned out the garage
and told myself over and over that it wasn't going
to happen again.

We don't want to believe that there are monsters
out there. Aren't our lives difficult enough
already? It's hard enough making ends meet and
keeping the kids' grades up, not to mention the
hundred things that need doing around the house
There's always someone or something making demands
on us. The idea of facing these creatures night after
night is just too much. We try to avoid the truth,
to isolate ourselves from it and focus on all the
petty demands everyday life puts on us. It even
works, for a while

But we know they're out there. Deep down, we
know. We see them when we sleep, until eventually
the fear and anxiety get so bad that we don't sleep
at all. It's a wonder we don't lose our minds. Or
maybe we do. How can we tell?

Pretty soon, you catch yourself trying to spot
them. Scanning faces you pass on the street, sometimes
even looking for them on TV. You dread what you're
going to find, but you can't look away. Because you
know that they're out there hurting people, and if you
don't try to do something about it you'll never
forgive yourself. It's funny. You'd think the worst
shock would be seeing monsters in the first place, but
it's not. It's trying to keep from looking for them,
night after night, that makes you insane.

We want more than anything to go back to our
normal lives, but we can't. Not while the monsters
are still out there. The more we fight them, the more
we have to deny our humanity to do what we must, the
more we end up needing our homes, families and loved

ones. And the more we become like the monsters, the
more we slowly poison everything we touch, just like
they do. It's like a pendulum, swinging from side to
side, each time picking up a little more momentum.
Eventually, something's going to break.

From that first night on, you walk a razor's edge.
For a while, you're able to stay close to the life
you've built, but as time passes you have to be ready
to walk away from it before you destroy the people
you love. I should have known that I'd gone too far
the night I tortured that blood slave. I thought I
could hold on just a little longer. Now my son is
paying the price.

Tue Para vo Heaven

Subject: My first steps
From: joan296
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

There was a special on paint at Home Depot. When
Isaw that, | got goosebumps. God was sending me asign
that I'm on the right track.

At three this morning, while the security guard slept,
| painted the symbol five feet high on the brick wall that
faces the mall entrance. It was exhilarating, like standing
up and shouting a challenge to all the evil in the world.
The symbol means "Meet Me Here." It came to me ina
dream, and | just know that others like us will see it and
know it for what it is. God has shown me the way and the
time for His crusade has come.

It was amazing, walking down the promenade later,
watching all the shoppers. I'd never actually paid atten-


Subject: Acceptable Losses
From: memphis68
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

>I'd gone too far the night I tortured that blood
slave. I thought

> I could hold on just a little longer. Now my son is
paying the price.

Your son is paying the price of your goddamn self-
centered attitudes. You stuck close to your family to have
someone to take pity on you and pat your head after you'd
gone and killed a monster. [twas only a matter of time before
‘one of them tracked you home. I feel sorry for your poor kid.

| His life is over because you didn't have the guts to make a
clean break of things in the first place. Find him and do him
| quick. You owe him that much.

tion to the people around me before God touched me
with His light. You can see the poison working in their eyes,
the pain and stress of slaving in a world tormented by
demons. | smiled at anyone who would meet my eyes. It
was all | could think to give them at the time, just a quiet
signal to let them know that the Lord hasn't forgotten
them. Once, outside the food court, | came upon a
woman with a small boy. The poor thing was crying his
eyes out. He looked so lost and lonely. | bent down and
whispered to him, "Don't cry, sweetie. | won't let the
demons get you." And he stopped crying, just like that!
His little eyes went wide and he watched me the whole
way as | walked out of the mall. It's such an incredible
feeling to know that the world is about to change, and I'll
be one of those chosen few to spread His word.

They're all just sleeping, poor things, like children
trapped in a nightmare. But | know how to open their
eyes. God has shown me the way.

Tue Courace of Your Conviction

J aint easy me to sland in that court room and say I
didt torch I did. I poured gasoline on his dead ass and
@ match on him. I watched him tuist and burn, J
ts him sor7eam and it sounded like to me.

Yes) did it! I shopped a
people in my neighborhood! J
ee De Net te ea
vient Itwouldni sowe ne purpose except
ited oul, ne sad mah te le
pra fargo eo etfs thebulh he ey ae
letters, cause someones golta know The right
My, wife was at the courthouse today an ie
at her. There are tome
ts bear with this life, and yg ar pie
But that was the choice I made in the bar that night and
J have to live with it.
the choice to burn ts let
seal on in
lata jstnocloce Food
You hear the voices and ee the
oo aor aaa

Fe te, widcklicieam that
these letters are my last piece of business before I meet my

ch La back i th dag tas had atl io tad
Les bah wet ung Ieentch i lb gio Theor
Denk tol ctl all ek wins
Sood had made my cc ed ew doa, hi
dhreel was
I couldn't turn back i:

but, Lord did I want te, Every day. Especially for my

ed doen: Coane wesley chai what
e tb ag hal D had boon rai
ny . It had been siioe I tasted shave sight aed
rar tone "aad an te tis healed aol tian f
NTE hase Peo ell clus

them had pea Tan at se cae
to
7 cle have Foose cal

Some of us are probably loners, the kinds of guys
who keep to themselves because they don't know how
to reach out to other people except for random acts
of awkward kindness. Most, however, have families,
because we need to be needed. If we aren't helping
other people, we feel guilty or think less of
ourselves. Those feelings get even stronger once
we've heard the call, because now we see horrible
threats that everyone else is blind to. Our love for
the people in our lives reminds us of who we once
were, and gives us strength to keep going, night
after night, but the stress of the hunt takes its
toll. We can't sleep, can't eat and we can't talk
to anyone about what we're going through. When we
get called on it, we get defensive, maybe even
violent, or we just try to get away. Some of us turn
to booze or drugs. God knows I've been tempted more
than once. Killing my brain or liver is a hell of
a lot better than killing my wife.

The fact of the matter is, as hard as you fight
to keep the monsters away from your family, you let
one into your house each and every night — yourself.
And if the other monsters don't eventually try to get
at your family to stop you, your own deteriorating
humanity will make you turn on them. You need to
prepare yourself for the day that you pack up a bag
and just walk away.

=


HUNYERBOOK = MARY YR

My wife's ready to leave me, the way I've been acting
the last few months. Letting them go is going to be the
hardest thing I've ever done, but it's the best thing
I can possibly do for them. I'11 still try to watch out
for them as best as I can, because they need me and
because I need them to keep from losing my mind. I know
that if I lose touch with them completely it would only
be a matter of weeks before I would be another creature
haunting the streets, looking for someone to hurt.

Start saying your goodbyes early. The moment you
become a monster, you start to lose your old life. Do
the best you can for the people who matter, and work out
how you can keep some sort of contact with them after
you're gone. It won't be easy and you may have to say
and do a lot of hurtful things to people you care about,
but you know deep down that it's better that way. If you
miss them enough it will help keep you sane. Trust me.
Get your will in order. Make any legal arrangements you
need, like child support or alimony. Then when the time
is right, you can go without Leaving anyone in the lurch.

Later on, after I've taken care of Tommy, I'm going
to start the divorce proceedings and move into an
apartment downtown. With luck, I can have the lawyers
take monthly payments out of my salary, so everyone is
taken care of without me having to show up at the house
and cause a scene. Just knowing that they're okay and
that I'm still helping out will have to be enough. One
of these days, Carol will find someone else and forget
all about me. She deserves better anyway.

A Lich For vie Losr

We have been touched by God's grace to show the
way to the New World, to reach into the hearts and minds
of people who've been lured from salvation by the pain
and sin of the world. Fighting the demons isn't the only
reason we've been chosen. We, the devout, are here toset
an example for all to see that the reckoning with Satan is at
hand. To ignite the spirit of the faithful to join the crusade.

God has given us a message that needs to be shared
not just with others who have been blessed, but with each
and every person we meet. Each and every soul is a
potential haven for Satan's minions, and must be fortified
with signs of hope and forgiveness. My parents, forinstance,
went wild when they found out about what happened at
Amelia's. The police came by, because she'd told her
parents how she'd been attacked and that I'd been there.
Mom and Dad yelled and screamed and threatened to
take away all my privileges for the rest of the year. | could
almostsee the demons around them, drawn by my parents'
rage and looking for a way into their hearts. So | did the only
thing| could. Ilet them yelland agreed with them when they
called me thoughtless and stupid. | let them vent all those
black feelings at me, even when it hurt, because we're
meant to suffer for those we love, just like Jesus did. And it
worked. By the time | started to cry, their anger just kind of
fizzled out and they changed their minds about punishing
me. |'d saved them and could still go out after school to do
the Lord's work. Sure, some of what they said hurt, but that's
the price we pay to wash away others' sins. By the next
morning, Momwasallbright and happy and offered to take
me shopping that weekend. It was a miracle!

God has chosen us to show the way to the New World,
and so we have to hold ourselves to a high standard. We
have to inspire everyone, even the most wayward and
confused, to make the Lord's message plain. That means
treating everyone we meet with charity and respect, to
uphold their spirits and fill them with a desire for Godliness.
Most people are selfish and stubborn in their ways, but

that's not their fault. | mean, look at all the crap that's
spewed at us every day from every conceivable direction.
I never realized how awful talk shows and the news were
untill heard the call. Everything we hearis about how awful
the world is, how terrible people are to each other, and
how there's no hope for anyone. It puts people in a daze,
almost like a walking coma. Every time you treat someone
with compassion, even if it's just to let them lash out at you
while they're angry or scared, weakens Satan's grip on
them. People are the way they are because they don't
know any other way to be. We have to shock them awake
and show them the path to salvation.

I'll never forget how | felt that first night, driving home
with blood on my face and arms, my eyes opened to a
world | only thought I'd known before. It's a terrible shock
to suddenly see how dark it all really is, and how small you
feel when everyone seems out to get you. But at the
same time, there was this incredible sense of purpose that
I'd never felt before, a need to reach out to others and
share what | knew. Later, when | saw other demons
walking through the mall or hanging out around clubs,
my heart ached to see how twisted they were, how
tormented. | wanted to spare other people from that
fate, no matter what the price.

It's a sign of our divinity that even in the presence of
evil, we feel no fear. Only a sense of purpose and a desire
to put things right at any price.

Tending rns Frock

Why is it everyone believes we have to desert our
friends and loved ones? Aren't those some of the very
people we've been called to protect?

Ifwe abandon our families, won't they become upset?
Won't they succumb to anger and despair? What if they
turn to alcohol or even drugs to cope? Then the demons will
find awayinto theirsouls and they 'llbe lost forever. Wouldn't
it be more in keeping with God's plan to be even closer to
those we love, sharing the message we've been given and
stepping in harm's way when they're threatened?

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: Options

Hey man, you shouldn't destroy your family because
ofwhat you are and what you think has happened. Think
about your other kids and how they're taking all this. I
| know things look bleak right now, but don't plan for a
future that might not be. Isn't it just possible that some-
thing else has happened to your boy?

As for the mission, there are options. I agree you need
to get some distance from your wife and kids, for their own
safety, but there's plenty of jobs you can take that require
travel. You can move around, sniff out monsters in differ-
ent towns and slip out before anyone catches on. It's
worked for me and it's safer to boot.

Don't let go of that family, man. The minute you do,
that's a win for the other side.

From: riggerl11
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Pity Party

You're wasting your breath, Traveler. This guy isn't
interested in solutions. He just wants us to feel sorry for
him. If we ignore him, maybe he'll go away.


Subject: Out of the mouths of babes
From: memphis68
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Kid, don't even know where to begin with you. I've
never heard so much naive bullshit in my whole life. If
you stick around your parents you're going to get them
killed or worse. Read what happened to that poor son of
a bitch who's using the anon52 handle. And his blood-
sucker is one of the less subtle ones.

Picture this: You go off on your grade-school crusade
and run across a serious damn monster with more money
than God and all the time in the world to watch you suffer.
So he just uses all that power and influence to slowly ruin
"your parents' lives, one bit ata time. Your dad gets caught
embezzling funds or the news runs a story about how he
likes to fondle young boys. Your mom winds up with a drug
habit and gets caught in a police sting. They lose their jobs
and their big house, and yougetkicked out of your precious
school. And no matter where you go, the misfortunes just
keep piling up. Your parents divorce. The custody battle
goes on for years. Pretty soon, they hate each other's guts
and they're fighting over you like a bone. But no one dies.
Oh, no, that's too easy. You all get to go on living in your
own little hells, and they spend the rest of their miserable
lives resenting you and wondering what happened.

Stop being so damn selfish and get as far away from
them as you can.

We have to set an example for the rest to follow. How
can we expect people, including our fellow chosen, to
hold themselves to a higher standard when we don't ask
the same thing of the people closest to us? How can we
inspire others to take risks and make sacrifices for others
when we walk out on our parents and friends? We can't.
It's that simple. Godliness starts in the home and that's
where our crusade has to start.

My mom is already starting to act differently since
that night at Amelia's. She was really upset when she
saw all the cuts and scratches | got, but since then she's
been really attentive. | think at first she thought I'd tried
to kill myself and was covering it up, but now she knows
that's not true. She stopped going to her yoga classes
and is staying home in evenings. It's great! She even
stopped taking those awful diet pills. | haven't had as
muchluck with dad, but that's because he's hardly ever
home. | just have to be patient and have faith. God will
show me the way.

| realize that there may come a time when the
demons try to hurt my parents in order to get to me. |
can't let that dissuade me: Satan has been after them
and the rest of the human race since the dawn of time.
They're being seduced into damnation day by day, a
little at a time. But there's still some bit of righteousness
left in them. They still attend church on Sundays and
they always give generously when the plate is passed
around. If | can keep their devotion to God strong, their
souls will be safe with the Lord in Heaven, even if the
demons kill them. Their ordeal will only add strength to
my message. I'm not saying | won't be sad, but if they
were to die it would still mean victory for our cause. So
you see, we have nothing to lose by staying close to
those we love in these troubled times.

CHAPTER 2: CROSS TOBEAR

My Barrtss

eco tothe ply oo al pide erdenoy
This upstanding ts as much @ humanitarian
at Im a good hushand. He — it — wasnt even human.
owas uhat) gor calle dona lech wal ond
at hell. He was ,
Wiad Eye, ogy oS th ne aed mig
le

ead Eyes. One hit
amn near got me killed. He took a shot
was a on the back. That's

do.

gonna do.
Cinks in THE CHAIN

Slich, like the worst of all the monsters, was a pusher.
He wat taking chunks of souls from a bunch of folks. He
was the whole neighborhood, 7 them to
become holes or wsers to suruive. He was 2a dig fucking

themselues they wouldnt be 40

eth lnk? ‘als th nar to fd te pas
CZ ink? 4b
iodide
aint all Theyre on their way te pure evil, but a lot
swant to de whals right, You

safssad gl wostigsand Id mysell Sead baloing hex
gee tee arta was holes ie

J

get the what I necded to hnose about Slick and Dead Eyes
and the rest of the

Someday, Im gonna haue ts answer for what I done
Puncuinc Hz tock

Keep your job. If you don't have one, get one.

You need to keep working for a number of reasons.
In the first place, you need that source of steady
income to take care of yourself and the people you
care about. Secondly, it takes money to get what you

a


need to kill a monster. I had to make napalm a couple
of days ago, for instance. But in addition to these
needs, the fact is, a job is as much a source of
stability and humanity as your family is

When I get to the plant and start working on the
assembly line, I can shut my brain off and just worry
about welding parts together. The same goes for
flipping burgers or cleaning floors or whatever.
Anything that keeps you from thinking about the
monsters, or what you might have done to a monster
the night before. It doesn't always work, I admit,
but it's better therapy than you think and you get
a paycheck at the end of the week.

I know it's tempting to clean out your bank
account and stock up on guns like it was the end of
the world. But let's face it, there are more monsters
out there than you'll ever be able to kill in your
lifetime. You can't fight and win a one-man war. That
kind of extremism only gets you in the end. If you
want to hold onto your soul as long as you can, you
have to pick your battles carefully. Keep the money
coming, Save as much as you can and just make it from
one day to the next.

Don't even think about trying to support yourself
through things like drug deals or robbery. You don't
have to be a walking corpse or. have supernatural
powers to be a monster. Peddling drugs or stealing
people's things are just different ways of losing
your soul, and nothing justifies hurting other
people, no matter how bad your situation is. Now,
I've read through the list archives and seen comments
about monsters being involved in just about all
levels of crime in cities all over. I've never seen
any indication of this, but I'm willing to believe
it's possible. Even so, stealing from them to make
ends meet is a mistake. It's blood money that leaves
a mark on your soul. The monsters might actually be
able to report the crime to the police, too, and then
you'll be on the run from two different threats. It's
not worth it.

One last thing you need to think about: employee
benefits. Without a job, how are you going to pay for
hospital bills and things like antibiotics? I've had
to go to the emergency room twice in the last couple
of months. That kind of thing gets expensive, fast.
Plus there are other benefits like death and
dismemberment insurance, which will be a big help to
your family when you die. Just keep in mind that most
policies don't pay out in the event of something Like
a suicide. But if the vampire kills me tonight, Carol
gets $100,000, which will be enough to cover my
funeral and keep up the bills for a pretty good while.
It's the least I can do for her, considering the
choices I've made with my life.

Toe Goon Ficur

lrememberreading about the Vietnam Warinschool
and thinking about those monks who set themselves on
fire to protest all the death and destruction. | thought they
were idiots at the time. | mean, why would anyone do
something that horrible to himself just to make a point?
Now | know. It's all about having faith in something
greater than yourself and taking actions that will leave a
mark, notin a dull history book, but insomeone else's soul.

We aren't just fighting these creatures, we're sending
amessage that Judgment Dayis at hand. We're telling the
demons and anyone else who bears witness that the
wicked will not prosper. That they can't hide, no matter
how they shield themselves behind high walls or powerful

attorneys. We can get them and we aren't afraid to bleed
in order to make it happen. In fact, we expect it.

I'mtalking about commitment. Aboutwearing the proof
of yourideals on your face and hands. About washing away
coruption with pain and sacrifice.

Our commitment to the cause is tested every day, by
ourselves, our fellow chosen and, of course, by the enemy.
We have to show everyone that we're willing to stand up
and do what's needed, that our faith is enough to see us
through. That means being the first one through the door
and the last one out, each and every time. It means
volunteering for every dangerous job and taking the heat
for others when we can. As far as I'm concermed, people
canbitch about me all they want, but they can'tsay|'mnot
canying my share of the load. And then some. That's how
we win respect and get our message across.

When you find a demon, attack it. There's no point
wasting time making plans and preparations and rehearsals.
I'mnot saying commit suicide, but figure out the best way to
take a creature out and then go to it. The Lord knows every
sparrow's fall. If it's your time to die, then there's nothing you
candoaboutit, no matterhow much you plot and plan. Just
make sure you take the creature with you. Then you can sit
at God's right hand and take a well-deserved rest.

Don't hold back because you're afraid of getting hurt.
Think of Jesus on the cross and all the suffering he went
through. What's gettingshot orstabbed compared to that?
Every time you bleed for the cause, you gain respect in the
eyes of your comrades and you reaffirm the sanctity of your
cause, like a holy communion with God. I'm proud of the
scars | have and | hope to get more. That way other chosen
won't question my determination and devotion. They'll be
able to see it for themselves and know that when the going
gets tough, |'ll stand beside them no matter what. And
they'll listen when | tell them about having faith and believ-
ingin God, because they'll be able to see that I've wrestled
with the worst Satan can throw at us and prevailed.

Let the wicked see our blood flow, and despair. For we
are holy and know that our bodies are no more than clay to
be used as the Maker wills.

Qur Weapons

Once 9 chose t» put fighting the
oun, life, once J started

and do Fe agen bon abet
saa passe oper ananay a

Subject: Delusions of Immortality
From: enigmal 43
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I remember when I was 16, Joan, and thought I
couldn't die. Boy, what I wouldn't give for some of that
insane confidence now.

Truthfully, I'm not that concerned about your wan-
ton disregard for your own life and limb. You'll either get
‘over it or you'll end up in a body bag. No, I'm more
worried about the idiots you con into following you into
the meatgrinder. Probably other kids just like you who
don't know any better.

If you're all gung-ho to shed blood for the "cause," do
it on your own time. Let the rest of us get through the
night in our own way.


prot ied Fecal fe fle Oe
speak to me. It could be from the Lord Aboue,
auntie would say. Whatever is, the gifts belped me Y
youue made the choice, thay ll help you
Vision and Truri

The most important of all the is vision, The quard
he had it once. I dont know. why
(eons ere seat ar rie!
To 7 i i

read this and could track us down, So. IU call him fob,
like in the ible, My auntie would like that.
and us. Most of us with blinders — we look
tenon Le Sick end al eset at Wook o

punk bids, The sight

wrong, "
a mistake I made early,

ewil. I looked at the in that bar — Dead Eyes
and his bunch — and they all seemed wrong, Evil, I hated
them and wanted to hurt them.

It was only later that J looked at Maria and

she was wrong too. That was hard. This was a

wanted to She was off, She was
A Tides sues wl id

CHAPTER 2: CROSS TO BEAR

So) looked deeper and more blinders came off. It hunt
the hell, like my brain was burning. felt like I was gonna
pube right then and there. It wat like leaking ints the sun
on , like I was going bind but I could t00
something else, something new.

Hell, eieid bie Ci ihe Aaue you ever smelled

really bad? When I was a boy, I was ing in
oh te MLS anand dome') meted ude hat
wat in the sun. I didnt know. that a dog had crawled under
there te die like week or tus before, I guess. Anyway, J pull
off the metal sheet and this smell hits me. My 4 tans
upside down. My head starts spinning and I run Id
noversmelled anything like that before, butD bnew: right there
that it was the smell of death, Thats what the vision is like,

the smell of death,

So when I had my first vition pohly rata it was
like taking that metal siding off that dog. Sudden eyes
Beet) atch Und ne moth Tod
tee that black shit crawling around in her veins, and caught
@ glimpse 5 her drinking it. D could see a hole where her
sou. be, like something had taken a chunk of her.
Slick was dee to her, taking her soul and making her
a slave, I sau. that she was being chained by him. She wasn t
euil, she was being wsed.

J cant say I like the vision, utit is a blessing. With Maria,
J saw. hou. tad she was, hour much Slick had hunt her when
he took pant of her. With others, I see how. much they, libe being
monsters, With Dead Eyes, I saw. that hate ate his heart long
before Slick did. Its not about clear visions, but I always


understand the Like that dead dog smell — J dont
weed ls think abou it ts brow what it means.
With, Slick, J saw. dead children and pure fucking evil

InHarw's Way

It's gotten to the point now that it no longer
terrifies me to see a monster walking the streets,
but I dread it all the same. I can't kill one of them
without destroying a part of me as well. Every one
of them that dies hastens my own death, in body if
not in soul.

I'm not saying we shouldn't do what we must. We
need to make our remaining time as meaningful as
possible. But we need to think things through
carefully, and do things in such a way as to keep our
humanity intact for as long as we can.

Tut No One

It takes a monster to kill amonster. Never forget
that. I know there are times when you want to tell
other people about what you've seen and the things
you've gone through, but think about what you ask of
them in return. If you manage to convince them, what
do you think is going to happen? The monsters will
kill them, one way or another, because they don't
have the abilities we do. Or worse, they do manage
to push themselves enough to develop abilities of
their own and you've created a monster where you'd
been trying to destroy one.

The best thing we can do for people is fight this
battle quietly and secretly, sparing them from the
horrors that it inflicts on our humanity. We've made
the choice and given up our lives. How can we force
that choice on anyone else? If you've reached the
point where you feel like having allies is worth
ruining peoples' lives, you need to take a serious
look at your own motives.

About the only exception I could see to this would
be in the case of someone who was called, but failed
to act. From what I've read here on the list, some
of these "bystanders" try to hunt monsters later,
despite the fact that they don't seem to have the same
abilities that we do. Maybe they feel guilty for
failing to act before. In their position, I know I
would. If they're out looking for monsters on their
own, they've made their decision knowing the risks.
They ought to be helped.

Subject: We're All in this Together
From: soldier91
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

> Besides, this isn't some kind of war, with battles and

> campaigns that can be won or lost.

Yes it is. The sooner we look at this as a war and
establish an organized front to deal with it, the sooner we
can maximize our strengths and play on our enemies'

esses. The aliens created our diverse abilities pur-

posefully to force us to form cohesive units, much like a
guerilla army. When we go it alone, we play the monster's
game, not ours. I'm really sick of hearing this "lone wolf"
attitude from everybody.

You can accomplish more in a team than you can
alone, and you'll live longer too. What's so hard to
understand about that?

Beyond those isolated cases, we need to accept
that we're on our own. As much as I would like to tie
up a monster and dump him on the White House lawn,
asking someone else to risk his humanity for my sake
just isn't right. It's too much like asking a
stranger to clean up my mess. I can't do that.

Besides, this isn't some kind of war, with battles
and campaigns that can be won or lost. What we have
to do is protect humanity from the monsters and more
importantly keep them from causing other monsters to
be born. If we can kill them and keep from spawning
other monsters ourselves, sooner or later we'll be the
only ones left, and we can see to it that there are
no more after we're gone. It's Like we're sucking the
poison out of the human race, giving people a chance
to grow stronger and healthier. The best we can do for
everyone is to pull our weight and let them live free
from a world of fear and pain.

Garnening rie FarruFut

God didn't mean for us to fight this war on our own.
In the past, with Jesus and Joan of Arc, it was okay to
stand alone, but now the stakes are much, much higher.
Satanis pulling out all the stops, spreading his poisons with
global communications and mass media. For the first
time in history, he can assault the faithful everywhere at
once, 24 hours a day. The balance has shifted to his favor
and it will take all of our efforts to save what's left of the
human race. That's why God has given us the signs, a
collection of symbols only we can read, and why he has
led so many of us to the Internet. The faithful must come
together under the banner of Christ the Messiah.

This is our sacred duty. We are the vanguard, the first
voices to shout the call to fight. It's up to us to bring the
devoted together andset their feet on the path. We have
to persuade people to put aside their pride and preju-
dices and work with each other, to see the face of God
in one another, no matter who they are.

There are plenty of sensible reasons to work together,
even beyond our higher calling. More people means
more resources, other skills and a wider range of experi-
ences. We can all use someone to watch our backs,
because the demons are well prepared and treacher-
ous. There are so many things | need to know. How to use
@ gun. How to set a broken bone. Things that other
chosen can teach me. We're here to support each other,
to complement our strengths and compensate for our
weaknesses, to build up our faith when times are hard.
Anyone whoinsists on following aloner's pathis either too
prideful to know when he's in over his head or too afraid
to put his trust in his fellow man. Either way, such people
are to be persuaded to come into the fold whenever
possible, for their sake and our own.

No one wants to face these horrors by themselves.
The stress of dealing with demons night after night can
wear down even the strongest soul. I'm not ashamed to
admit that! don't think | could standit forlong. That's why
I'm hoping that others will see the signs I've left and talk
to me. | plan on meeting each person alone, to get an
idea of their views, then bring them together once I've
gotten to know them all. That way I can be sure how well
everyone will get along and know ahead of time how to
present each person so that any friction is minimized. |
learned that from my mom. Who would have thought


planning a dinner party could be useful for assembling
God's chosen crusaders? You see, everyone has some-
thing to contribute, whether they realize it or not.

The only thing that worries me is whether or not! can
get them to accept my leadership. Most of them will
probably be older than me, and | don't exactly look like
a holy warrior. But then, | guess none of us do.

I'm just going to have to inspire them. My dad always
told me that people will follow you if you have a plan and
show some faith in it. That | can do. No doubt about it.
Power x

ae buth oe clee cant act on

ie, bach gt it ft to be dane te "4

reat "4
2 Seite Tha God sgl wih
me and J let loose on the monsters.

J put Dead Eyes @ wall,

opps grr ey eres

‘sacha
suntan osc is i olin det) he
Dead pee ber pt king (at dled when J
yanked Doggy's chain pre it fol

When J got Slick that last time, another gift
came to me. Rh hese Masses pteateac gs
because I know it takes me one step closer to death, But
that's the choice I made,

When I was Sips heune hr copter)
bud I didnt know he Id newer seen Im still
wot ture what that thing Mt looked sont Auman — tuo.
wuMtb, pay mie bd deta thin wat lie on something.
Not like the rolting shin of a dead person. Mone like a leper or
J Guess, oulside and. in,

this out nati Ie was like

the comer and
taller ecg tata
filing to lay conscious. Th thy loked
@ piece of me. Thats when it
He wanted a me and something inside let me
ge in es of ol he ad is Dell. A
sou, of ‘Nisas libe the mothe of all
Sia hated ik dle Lhe my came out in a
eo "Buck, yous! Your hurt too!"
he cloud let Pus Sh lie ballon aad. boils bans
and he screamed like @ little gil. He turned tail and ran,
J looked ouen at Slick and saw fear.

Pan
Jue ewer experienced that souk cloud twice. Both
tinea ee Co ee ee ct a hcaian
er ad Sadat dle te
Jt Ua aame ta ma, Feat) aint dad yal i jubl Uosaute
cp th lied ae the dn dad bs hack me

CHAPTER 2: CROSS TO BEAR

Something ts realige it that the dont
A paroterven sare a aren

comes from. You can fect it The soul cloud wat
Teg a pti nen But I told you
he a ketded dhes Eocteshat job cals

the sight makes you light

That pain is ul gelesen
Thad you ie Vending foacan he tas feta Hi

Choice it pain, remember.

MevuoDs of Murder

Don't do as I have done. When you kill a
monster, think it through and plan the murder very,
very carefully.

That's right. What we do is murder. I don't care
if we're talking about a vampire or even a dead person
who's up and walking. This is about singling out an
individual and setting out with a plan to end its
existence. This isn't about holy retribution or
vigilante justice. If we don't respect the value of
life, even our victims', then we're no better than the
creatures we kill. Once that happens, we're doomed.

There are more practical reasons as well. Some
monsters hide in lairs and use servants to bring
victims to them. Others hunt in very public places,
using their powers to disguise themselves. There are
some, from what I've read about here, that even hunt
in packs. If at all possible, you need to get as much
information as you can about your intended victim,
and plan your murder so that you don't have to worry
about witnesses or leaving clues behind that might
lead the cops (or other monsters) to you

Study the monster and figure out what its habits
are. Find out where it rests and the best time to
approach it. Hopefully you can follow it and learn
these things. Sometimes, though, you may need to
get the information from other sources. Let me tell
you something. No matter how much you think you need
to know, it isn't worth it to hurt another person
for information. The pain you inflict will come
back on you in ways you don't expect. Look at what
happened to me.

Once you have as much information as you can get,
you have to decide what you're willing to do to the
creature. A quick, clean bullet to the head is one
thing. Setting them on fire or burning them with acid
is something else. Each comes with its own cost to your
soul. Pay only what you absolutely must.

Above all, don't do something that puts another
person at risk. No life is expendable, except maybe
our own. I would never dream of killing a monster
by blowing up a building with people in it, or
shooting in the streets. There's never any excuse
that justifies something like that. Never. We need
to kill monsters and only monsters. Nothing else is
morally acceptable.

The only other piece of advice I can offer is
not to leave evidence at the scene of a crime. You
might not consider what you've done a crime, but
the police will. Depending on how you went about
the murder, they may get called in. Both times when
I killed things downtown, the cops showed up. The
papers carried stories for a couple of days about
serial murders of homeless people. I was lucky
there were no witnesses, or if there were they
weren't the sort to talk to the police. If anyone

a =


got a good look at me or my car, I'd be finished.
And if half of what people on this list say about
monsters controlling the cops is true, going to
jail is the least of your worries.

Wear generic clothes and use items that are
readily available at any grocery or hardware store.
Don't use your own car or have it anywhere near the
murder. Don't use a gun if you can help it, especially
if it's registered in your name.

Ideally, you want to set up an ambush ahead of
time and get there on foot. Have a carry bag hidden
nearby with a change of clothes. You want to get to
the site only a few minutes ahead of time, because
the longer you're seen lingering around, the more
likely someone is going to notice you. Get there with
just enough time to size the place up and get hidden.
After you kill the monster, walk away. Look as normal
as you can. Get to the bag and change clothes, down
to your socks and shoes. The old clothes go into the
bag to be tossed into a dumpster across town, and you
walk back to your car. It took me a few months to work
all this out, but I've killed two monsters this way
and it seems like it's worked.

In my experience, it isn't the kill itself that's
difficult. It's living with the aftermath.

Acc ror One

Godsaidin the Bible that we can'tserve both Him and
Mammon. That means we can't be spiritual and material
at the same time. Material things are gifts from Satan,
meant to tempt us and provoke sins of envy and greed.
There was a good reason why the knights of Medieval
times took vows of poverty, and we should do much the
same, devoting our material wealth to the cause.

We must give freely for many reasons. In the first
place, charity is a Christian virtue, but beyond that, a
simple act of giving can make a difference in a total
stranger's life, maybe saving him from a descent into sin,
putting him back on the path to God. Closer to home, we
have to consider that a number of our fellow chosen are
less fortunate than we are, and we should share our
blessings with them so everyone benefits. If one of us is
wounded in battle, we should all do what we can to
make sure he gets the best care possible. If he's killed, we
should take it upon ourselves to see that his family is taken
care of. There are also things like bail money and legal
assistance to think about, and none of that is cheap.
We're all working together to bring about a better world,
so doesn't it make sense to share what we have so that
we all get there that much sooner?

I've already talked to dad's accountant about cash-
ingin my stocks. I've also got access to my savings. | can't
touch the CDs for my college money yet, but mom might
be able to get them for me if | need them. In the
meantime, | ought to have plenty to keep the crusade
going for awhile. We can even get a place somewhere
and work out of that if we need to, but I'd prefer to use the
guest house at home if we can.

Plus, there is a certain poetic justice to using one of
Satan's own weapons against him. He came up with
money, and money is what we'll use to keep our crusade
going. That's why | wouldn't have any problem using
money or valuables taken from a monster. Sure it's dirty
money, but all money is dirty, isn't it? I'm not saying we
should go out and commit crimes to steal what we need,
just take advantage of what a demon might have after
we've destroyed him.

Wao We Figur For
mone eee op ee ee
Murderer. Monster. Devil. Killer. Psycho.

Part of me wants to scream the tuith at them, like Im

writing it here. I want te stand up in that court room and
"poor oiolim' was @ damon, that Dead Eyes

them te danger and thats the I want to do.
choice Tue made since that has
sake, not mine. I know that at the end
jury ture aint going te see it that way.

But that's my choice and as a the ones I care

ahead roe Sue dane what needed be done and) lope
Im right with God. Tue pushed bach the darkness and
defenseless folbs still have a chance.

Live anb Lev Live

When we kill, no matter how necessary it is, we
commit murder. It leaves a stain on our souls that
won't go away. Each act builds on the others until
we finally become the very creatures that we're
trying to stop. Fighting the monster within our-
selves is just as important, if not more so, than
fighting the beasts we find on the streets.

I've thought about this since early this morning,
when we realized that something has happened to
Tommy. If I'm right and my son is a vampire now, can
I bring myself to kill him? If I can, what will that
do to me? If a man can kill his own child, he can kill
anyone. I think that doing something like that would
be the end of me as a human being.

Could there be another alternative? If my son has
only just become a monster, how much humanity is still
in him? Can he be saved?

Surely there are some monsters out there just
like us, struggling with the memories of who they
once were. Instead of damning ourselves a step
further by destroying them, wouldn't it be better to
spare them instead? Wouldn't an act of compassion
benefit everyone?

Think about it. What if that zombie I burned had
risen from the grave to right a wrong he'd suffered,
or to do something important for his loved ones? I
remember how he screamed and I wonder now what might
have happened if I'd just tried to talk to him instead,
to show a little mercy instead of setting him on fire.
Could I have helped him with his unfinished business
and then persuaded him to rest? Surely he must have
been in agony, existing as a rotting corpse. I have
to believe he would have gone back to his grave eagerly
once he'd done what he came back to do.

If we can find ways to show mercy to some
monsters, we spare part of our souls and maybe save
someone else's in the bargain. I'm not saying that


everyone can be spared. Obviously there are many
creatures who are too far gone with pain and hate,
and they need to be put down. But if we can spare just
a few, convince them to seek out others and do the
same, what kind of effect might that have on the
world? That may be the only way we can turn back the
tide in our lifetime.

If my son calls this evening, I'm going to reach
out to him. Whatever he's become, he's still an victim
in all this. I know he's a good person. If he can see
past his anger with me, maybe he can be saved. But I'11
do whatever it takes to keep him from hurting another
person. He can have my blood if he needs it, or I'll
get him rabbits from the pet store or something. There
have to be alternatives that we can try.

At the worst, he might decide to kill himself.
I'll do whatever I can to make it painless and quick.
If that's his decision, I'll respect it, but I want
to give him the chance to make that choice.

I know it'll be dangerous. I know there aren't
any guarantees. But that's what life is all about,
isn't it? We're at our most human when we risk
ourselves for something we believe in.
believe in my son, no matter what.

Maxine Tuer Own Bed wil
Dua lashed back on ssa Tn bowe wi
we hie ipnay dled ed all ier nendhca) boone
get lo Slich, I rou that its a dinky world oul
choices. J bnew that Lestmrant
21 Il never do Usat" is jusd a fucking lie In the and wo do
dal i thes, and we have te maha tough oheee.
That's the thing. tis that simple. K
tang se he Te doe teh thats Wack You
af shd deledl ad "nea hall ed) eg
id mean
pdt Dmsata te lhe
et steer
Sal al bad pou ean

I still

pain.

It was a little girl, for God's sake. I think she was

9 suid salhad wp te hr ine day andl slaved tallbeg
Spach ote can! thank tet flan th) dont tate
dha'diah ated that 9 didnt oat ahy horse from hax, She
pi ta oll aa Djust
tal down and. started Mabbing. (Thats one

F

one Wim
lore sl Jal or fad doe
some @
ne
oust jos asumibes ove and eal hill
‘easpihaid made hax halos Gitta I a
The nent night, I blocked the back door and threw a
4 on
made her jo,

I Kusw My Guoice

Joan't say that J never regretted my choice. I quess Id
heart Lots wife, J might have lobed bac oo. 9 antad the
normal life Id behind, the one Id never appreciated until
D led myself iny and it nearly cost me everything.

up
hindling. Then he
in — the hiched Le

t

belly,

a


HUNTERBOOK: MARTYR

Pt fn il fia

Liha dag manasa herd Bat did € beans br olayad
fice cad! Gibct dose a ted fucadh

iu ;
by this time Id made some mistakes with Maria and
was J needed to feel L,
someone. That was when J back te these days in
high school, That's when J first met my wife, She was a
junior when I was senior and she was the prettiest thing
at school, or at least J 40. Once I got off my ass
steph pea aha tae douat e duackun
Fd fenton tel ol food in talk 9 Seeded thal ean
TM MTS To hear her voice. To see my hoy,
Mayle yest re af ae
were at

wating npg ide haped dd doe ahem

"Ft ald nal "ph ded che Seid J
mngans dese og Be up to the little ence that mms
a i el mp wiles

was
lectin tide al natal on

at the neighborhood.
But I couldnt. No

Maybe 106 it like a normal man would,

See, the vision, the usices, the dead, wouldnt let
me be. J barely even thought about it when J around,
but I peeled some of these layers hack. by instinct. And
that's when I sau. The eyes,

area ag mig

Selec he

Spreabing He Word

Only the wicked and the unjust have anything to
hide. Why then do we act as they do?

Everyone seems to take such great pains to keep this
struggle a secret? Why? Aren't we fighting for the sake of
each and every person on Earth? Isn't this battle their
battle, too? Then why keep it from them? We're here to
win their souls for the Lord, not let them continue to
wallow in ignorance and sin.

Don't tell me that we're trying to protect them. Why
don't we show people the truth about the demons and


let them choose their own path? Would you like someone
else dictating the kind of life you lead? Of course not! So
why do it to them?

If we try to cover things up, we're wasting precious
time and resources doing the enemy's work. We don't
have anything to hide, but they do. Every time we drag
these creatures out into the open, we stir people up and
start them thinking. Thinking about themselves, and the
choices they've made. Thinking about what they have to
do to turn things around. That's how people will find their
way to the New World that awaits. That, ultimately, is
what we've been called upon to do.

People need to know. They need to get involved.
Will it be dangerous for them? Certainly, but no less
dangerous than allowing Satan to create hell on Earth.
Will some of them die? Most likely, but we're all going to
die, sooner or later. It's better to die free than live asa
slave to wickedness.

No major change comes without sacrifice and suf-
fering. That'sjust the way lifeis. By trying toinsulate people
from what's necessary, we're only prolonging their ulti-
mate pain and ensuring their eventual damnation.

Lately, I've been spending a lot of time with Amelia
for just that reason. She's the only other person | know so
far who's actually seen one of the demons, and |'ve tried
to show her that now she's obligated, like me, to join
God's crusade. Whenever | talk to her she's very earnest
and polite, but insists that she isn't sure what it was she
saw. | can see the truth in her eyes, though. She's afraid,
and | can understand that, but our destinies cannot be
denied simply because we're afraid. I've heard the call.
So will she in time.

I've already talked to some of my other friends and
told them what | know. Most of them think I've lost it.
That's okay. It's their choice. A couple seem curious.
They want to know more. While | was talking to them, |
suddenly had an inspiration, like a sign from God. | took
one girl's arm, pulled out a pen and drew a symbol on
her wrist. She washed it off after class, wanting to keep
the bond we formed secret.

The sign means believer, | think, someone who
hasn't been called but who knows the truth and wants
join the fight. God willing, it will be the insignia of His
army on Earth.

Lessons Leanne
Even nou, with my mission over, ab Im sorauling out
th ad fu ig Tha ay 9 make that iwalh,
Pot bosetolale dl ple te gelling my wife and
v9) — D wanted to fool better 105 pa ham
_ Thats not a mistake IU ever make again, and I hope
— whoever you are — will neuer make it either
fou absolutely have te Remember
ao remember diag jolie hat you're doing,
whateuer it is, ne er a
te pushing back that little bit ee dations Hal ay
you? Does it the dead you? It nat, what

youre doing is selfish and dangerous ry right mou!

Rede #/, Fs td a dtd bch

Rede #2 Pissarh dass
Gleceethe ne For ed
of my house. Those are the laws

ies Sak
got me th Red


HUNTERBOOK: MARY YR

and Dead E,
ds what

and Slick. Thote are what allowed me to
ts be done.

cn fidletiocn Me dacs mad el ee my, work
guided me

gtr a

REACHING THE END

I wonder how many of us try to kill ourselves after
we're called? It wouldn't surprise me if more of us die
by our own hand than facing monsters or the police. You've
got to admit, it's really tempting sometimes.

Just this morning, I thought going upstairs and
swallowing a bottle of painkillers. A person can only
take so much heartache and fear before they just shut
down. I feel like I'm riding that ragged edge nearly
all the time. I realize that there's a damn good
chance that I'm going to die tonight. My own son might
kill me. I don't care anymore. I just feel numb.

That's a dangerous way to be. On one hand, it's
liberating, I'll admit. People can do amazing and
frightening things when they've got nothing to lose.
I bet that most of us look at death as something of
a blessing. But while that lets us stare at terrible
odds, it also leaves us vulnerable. It makes us
willing to throw ourselves away needlessly, and that
doesn't do anyone any good. In fact, it might even go
so far as get someone we care about killed.

I guess what I'm trying to say is don't throw away
your life. Sell it as dearly as you can. Don't think
of it as suicide, either. If you think about it, since
you answered the call you've probably been more in
control of your life than ever before. You have a
right to live, and an equal right to die at the time
and place of your choosing. Make it count.

The biggest thing you have to guard against is
despair, and it's the hardest thing for people like
us to handle. We can't talk about our troubles to
anyone. Even before we answered the call, most of us

From: descent88
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Lambs to the slaughter

Joan, you're entitled to your opinions, but this careless
recruitment of helpless people has to stop immediately.
They will die. No matter what you may think about the
tighteousness of your beliefs, they will die. Horribly. And
their blood will be on your hands.

No matter what you may have told them, they are not
teady for the world as it is. They cannot handle a monster.
Joan, wecan'teven handle them most of the time. Youhave
had exactly one encounter, judging by what you've written.
Believe me when I tell you that you were more lucky than
blessed in that exchange. We are rarely lucky when dealing
with monsters. The outcome is usually much more decisive
and final. Either we kill the bastard or it kills us.

I will agree with you that there is some purpose to
why we've been chosen, though I'm not comfortable
with sharing my own speculations at this point. What-
ever the case, the fact is that we have been equipped to
face the monsters, while most of humanity hasn't. We
have the tools for the job and they don't. Don't lead
them to their deaths. They may seem to understand, but
they don't. They can't.

kept our pain to ourselves. There have been times
when I was tempted to log onto this list and try
talking to people here, but ultimately decided
against it. You guys have enough problems of your own
without listening to mine, right? Maybe we would be
better off trying to find others near us who we can
work with, sharing the responsibilities and the
stress. But I don't know. It's hard to put that much
trust in another person, especially when we're
talking about matters of life and death. If I fail,
I'm the only one to suffer. There's no one else to
blame but me. I don't think I could focus on putting
down a monster knowing that someone else's life was
riding on my actions.

In the end, I guess the only real way to keep our
heads up is to focus outward instead of inward,
taking what happiness we can from our friends and
family. Never forget that every time you wait in the
darkness to confront a monster, you do it for
something greater than yourself. I know that it seems
like two monsters turn up for every one you kill, but
every victory is important. Every monster you put
down means that tens or even hundreds of people won't
be its victims. It means that the beast isn't going
to reach out to someone else later and make him
sacrifice himself like we have.

It's funny. I'll bet most of us are the type who
never fit in well with other people. I know I didn't
have many friends in school. I didn't know how to talk
to people. So I looked for chances to do a favor for
someone, anything at all, to try and get people to
notice me. Now I'm a grown man and I'm still looking
for a chance to do someone else a favor. I've
sacrificed my heart and soul for people I don't even
know, and in the end it's just isolated me even
further.

Forgive aND Br Forciven

I've gone on at length about confronting demons
and destroying them and shedding blood for the cause.
But there's something else in God's message that we
have to honor. Perhaps it's the hardest duty of all. We
have to remember Christ in all things, and forgive our
enemies for their acts against us. We can't give ourselves
over to the same feelings of hatred and despair that
provide fertile ground for Satan and his minions. By forgiv-
ing the sins of our brethren in this life, we free ourselves of
sin in the world to come.

Why? Because God asks us to. Because mercy and
compassion are what exalt us above the wicked, and
temper the angry natures of our fellow chosen. As much
as He asks of us to be leaders and fighters, He also requires
that we be a voice of hope, to encourage the fallen and
show them the way to the New World to come.

The reason for mercy is to keep us from losing sight of
what we struggle for. As our crusade wears on from one
battle to the next, it will be easy to forget the promise of a
better world, fighting merely for survival or revenge or killing
for its own sake. By showing compassion, we remind others
of our Godliness and keep our focus on a higher, better
Purpose. A demon cannot find compassion inits heart forits
brethren, but we can, and that shows our better nature.

This isn't to say that we must show mercy for the
demons themselves. They are beyond salvation and fit for
nothing except destruction. They forsook the Lord and
the promise of Heaven when they rebelled with Satan
and were cast into Hell. Trying to redeem one is asking for


trouble. They're masters of deception and will ultimately
twist your gift of compassion into the tool of your destruc-
tion. But there are many people who find themselves in
service to demons out of ignorance or weakness. We
should show these lost souls what compassion we can
and try to put their feet back on the road to paradise. We
have to take them in and purge the evil from their hearts
by whatever means necessary, allowing them to drive
the poisons from their bodies and become fit vessels for
the Lord. Killing them only leaves them in the hands of
Satan. Our victory can't be considered complete until
they've been returned to the fold.

Likewise, we have to be a source of forgiveness to
our fellow chosen. There are already stories on this list
about hunters trying to follow their own course instead of
the one God has chosen for them. These prodigal sons
and daughters deserve our pity and compassion, not
alienation. They've lost their way. It's our responsibility as
shepherds tolead them back again. Like the souls who've
been seduced by Satan, they only need to be shown the
error of their ways and purged of the poison that's been
allowed to take root in their hearts. Once we've given
them the opportunity to repent, they'll see the error of
their ways and we'll have won a great victory for God.

We can't give up on anyone if there's any hope of
their salvation. God didn't give up on us, even though
he'shad more than enough reasons to. He's given us one
last chance to fix things and we should give that same
opportunity to anyone else who needs it, even if the
attempt costs us in the long run. Every soul is precious to
God. Those of us who return a lost one to Him will be
doubly blessed.

Tue Deno Speak
in the oily
something, that seem
Sid aoalind tehonica | ioctl
Ut widonstiid, wos tiny. place ts lod bine?
then it occurred te me that maybe it was, that just
That's hou I came to write

coiillc hap: Ui Se getihe
Oth coh thon ond inl wtcl atte
Ho lcoultes? sidarstand

bg isa Buick Wf lalliade! had ones
car. To everyone elte, it looked like —e
id prank. To me it said I Have Chosen. His

on some



And he that taketh not his cross, and followeth after

me, is not worthy of me.
— Matthew 10:38

Tue Guotess I've Mabe, Parr 3

FAX TRANSMISSION 23:01:55 September 9

It's all for shit, in the end. It's a bad johe te think we
and not enough of us. It's all for shit.

The trial is almost over. The DA has a cate that
ey we ae Tans br chg showers
my, boy could grow up just a little safer.

What a fucking joke.

See, the vision aint Iipend the
of haar wat ose See

The nent
Then the DA

(7 the bap, tall fs doing ts spoweing a tfoan. Thc its lahen
pots fav Slick and thal' oy Ie did? amoual bs ahah

I don't even hnou why Im
except that D aint got

Tue Sinncr's Communion

Subject: Agree to Disagree
From: joan296
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Ever notice how the more people talk, the less they
actually say? The more people share what they think
and feel, and reveal their own experiences about life,
the more they pick up on alll the little things that they
disagree on? With each discovery, a gap grows be-
tween them? Pretty soon, they're tuning each other out,
or worse they're arguing. People never care how much
they agree, only how they disagree. If you don't believe
me you haven't spent enough time on the internet.

We aren't any different, of course. Just look at this
list. Everyone spends more time attacking one another
than finding ways to come together and do the work
that the Lord has chosen us to do. Instead of come
together, we split into little cliques and personality cults,
like the firelight and vigillists. Everybody points a finger at
everybody else and plays favorites. It's just like high
school. | see it every day.

It's not entirely everyone's fault, though. By answer-
ing the call, we've had to come to accept alot of things
about the world that we never wanted to know. We've
had to find ways to deal with really horrible truths and our
future. It's hard to see past the rage and terror. We need
something to put the pain into perspective, to give it
meaning and to help us find strength to carry on. We
need inspiration and purpose to make sense of all that
we've witnessed.

That's where you and | come in.

with this letter,
else to


HUNTER BOOK: MART YR

Subject: Conduct
From: witness!
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I have just ejected riggerl11 from hunter-net. I've
done so because of an email posted to this list earlier today.
I've purged it from our servers, but it may still be lurking
around. I've attached censored version below so everyone
can see what I'm talking about.

Posting the names of other imbued is absolutely
beyond the pale of acceptable behavior on thislist. We are
anonymous fora very good reason. To break thatanonym-
ity is tantamount to betrayal and even outright murder.
Those are the stakes here and we should never forget it.

We are all concerned about these faxes and how
they're finding their way to some amongus. But to retaliate
by "outing" the author is no way to go about things.

Inherit the Earth.

begin forwarded message
From: rigger! 11
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
Subject: The Faxes
Okay, since no one seemed to be able to doit, I went out and
found out who's been faxing me and others that "choices" crap.
I'm pretty sure we're dealing with a guy named <DE-
LETED>. He's currently in jail in <DELETED> for the
murder of <DELETED>. "Job" is obviously one of the
security guards in the jail where he's being held during the trial.
That's either <DELETED> or <DELETED>. My money's
on number two, because he's obviously one of those Million
Man March idiots and we know that's part of the whole game.
Now, how he's been getting the faxes to us, [haven' tfigured
out. But I for one think someone should _ask_ him.

Waking Acons, Wacking Y ogerHER

in that court room drove home ts me that it

aa ee etd bagandedied
entirely by , but now I can see it all coming apart.
There's another Slick out there and he's ne fps
it. "That Im just a man his — ils — army,

PY nou I didnt have te go it alone, I could have
reached out and, others whe would help. Like fob. Like
the salesman. There were others, but J ¢ accept them
at my equals and now I wonder i, Im paying the price.

Im not sure. I look back at that week I with the
others. The salesman intreduced me ts this of folks
apparently, They had the vition and heard the dead. My
first instinct wat that we could do a lot of things, but
that didnt last. They all had their own and couldnt

‘ what needed ts be done. They were like bids
wanted ts see their families, te

woe ee yn ace i all aloe dacotad
a
Could they really have helped me? Or would they have

and boy billed when I let my guard down, How much worse
would it have been with the rest of them distracting me from
Spreadine rae Word

Some of us stand apart from many chosen because
we're compelled to put the needs of others before
ourselves. Some of us, like me, became this way only
through God's grace, but others have been working
quietly to help people all theirlives. We need toreach out
to people and help them however we can, because
when we make a difference in their lives it enriches our
own in ways this world can't match.

God has looked into our hearts and seen the compas-
sion there, and now He's asked us to make the greatest
sacrifice of all. To give ourselves, body and soul, for the
sake of the entire human race. We have to awaken them
to the truth about themselves and their slavery to Satan's
beasts, and start them on the path to a better world. |know
that sounds like a huge burden to lay on our shoulders, but
we aren't meant to do it alone. That's why we've got
warriors and protectors, questioners and healers, lawmak-
ers and prophets, and who knows what else represented
onhunter.net. We're just a part of a much bigger plan, but
we've got a crucial role to play. We have to be the ones
who make the struggle real in people's hearts. We have to
keep them focused on what's at stake and who we're
doing this for, to keep our fellow crusaders going no matter
how bad things get. They have to be able to look to us for
inspiration. We have to be the struggle, a living banner to
rally the faithful and drive them on to victory.

Like Jesus gathered his disciples, we have to go out
and bring our fellow chosen together, eitherreaching out
to them over the net or leaving symbols for them to find
on the streets. We have to give them guidance and
support, and most importantly we have to remind them
of their humanity. It's easy to go to extremes when you're
scared and depressed, and we have to balance that out
with compassion and common sense.

Basically, ourjobis more about our fellow crusaders than
the crusadeitself. We have tobe the heart andsoul that holds
everything together so we can all do what has to be done.

Yur Vesved

y} that the others would have fuched me up,
hontia toe! Wgke just maybe, could haseahoune thaw
the way, "That's what these lotions are all about you
understand? We have all chosen t sacrifice ourselves pr the

you
@ Ks and you wont just walk to
rapa eat adore
d it on killed,
hdtionk wikaeien
Thats a bond between us all. Ignoring it
weaker than we need ts be fob tolls me
or nothing, but that's a-ep

the same. I neuer hada
in the right direction. working tagethen is just thal,


work. diooks Mee} pialied ese dance fenily o» on the
committee. he cat sunday habit.

GA a OT A
Those who see clearly what has ts be done have te show.
others, Not tell, but show. Yeah, J how Im doing more
telling here in these letters, but I m only talking about what
dsp tis eae lan Sse my at and

ee hecdsehbefcbed pa
Tee ddbacd lected negde ee
J stopped and heep going. alia ga catiors pe

eee chlo bee
lelpnkedl ody Dat atic ia tpmaes
Fete a' dng ts a fea
dense "se 4

Vee ei awlehate

Toning vie Leap

My dad says people are sheep. They act like they
don't want to be told what to do, but deep down every-
body wants someone else to make the hard decisions for
them. That's pretty harsh and | don't totally agree, but
basically what he saysis right. Most people don't have the
confidence to answer their own questions, so they look to
other people for guidance. The other chosen aren't any
different. Don't get me wrong. If they have to, they'llcome
up with reasons and explanations for what's going on, but
no matter how good their intentions may be, they often
come to the wrong conclusions. Like that poor guy who
thinks we're working for aliens. He's got the right idea, but
he's going to make himself nuts trying to make contact
with people that don't exist.

That'swhy we have to take the initiative andset people
straight. Instead of leaving people to flounder around trying
to make sense of their calling, we have to step in and fill in
the blanks as soon as we can. That means taking a leader-
ship role and keeping people focused on the job at hand,
saving them from the clutches of demons. Give them
something immediate to do so they don't have time to feel
doubts or brood about what's happened to them. If you
think|'m talking about going off on a power trip, think again.
You're going to have to be sensitive to each and every
personin the group, andready to head off any problems or
breakdowns. When there are questions, you have to be
ready with answers. If you have doubts or worries, you have
to keep them to yourself. Remember, you are the crusade.
You have to be the standard everyone else looks to.

lrealize that not everyone is good with people, and|bet
there are some ofuswho don 'trelate wellsocially.I've known
people atschoolwhoneverreally fitin but would alwaysstep
up when they were needed, working long hours on projects
thatno one else wanted to doorhelpingwith homework and
stuff. No one everreally thanked them, anditneverchanged
the fact that they were outsiders, but it never stopped them
from helping whenever they could. If you don't feel like you
canbe aleader, then you can atleast be the rock everyone
leans on, letting others take charge while you work in the
background, keeping everyone else going.

What's important is that you make your voice heard
when it counts and that people pay attention to the
example you set. Whether that's by leading from the
front or working quietly from the back doesn't matter. It's
the message itself that means everything.

CHAPTER 3: LAMBS ALL

Gon's Cuosen

Everyone who's heard the call has been touched for
areason. Each and every person who's answered is worth
our time and effort, because God has found them worthy.
We need to look beyond our prejudices, and theirs, and
find ways that we can work together to bring about the
New World. See them for what they are, not for what you
want them to be, and recognize that they are as impor-
tant to the cause as you are. Since God showed me the
way to this list, I've spent many long nights reading each
and every post, thinking hard about what each person has
said and why. I've studied all the many faces of God's
chosen untill know them as well as they do themselves. It's
the only way | can do the work the Lord has set for me.

You need them for what lies ahead, and they need
you, whether they know it or not.

Avencers

There was this boy IU call Billy in the salesman's
group. He was one hardcore He thought he
was in tome Rambo movie or an OG or something. J aint
never Seon mone quis ou one person, in or out of the mavies.
He had this sat tihed. J he even
Pd ovene ie boy worried me, but he's who

Id want with me in a
eee) polls Uae Cy ekas

J think there's

(bok cid al the pishidons did the darboiasS and ise eal
Ut i a ly go tad yt Sl
aftr Td. pushed. up dome more of mg soul on him —J turned

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: Mama Knows Best?

You know, Joan, you sound a lot like a guy I met in
Wichita. We'll just call him "Sam," because as farasI know ff
he's still alive, and I won't jeopardize another hunter's jf
identity —no matter how much think he might deserve it.

Sam was working with a group that was after a pack of
shapechangers operating outside the city. Sam was a quiet
guy, alwayskeeping to himself, but lookingoutforhisgroup ]}
whenever he could. He was the sort who would make sure
you were getting enough sleep and enough to eat, and
| checking your bandages when you forgot. I thought he was

| a straight-up guy at first. Until we managed to follow one
" ofthe creatures tots house. The leader of the group, ahard-
asswhosometimes posted here, decided to take the monster's
kid hostage and lure the pack into the open.

Well, Sam didn't think that was kosher. But he didn't f
call the leader on it. Instead, he whispered in everybody ear
about how the kid was a victim, and pretty soon he had
everybody in the group taking sides. This leader guy lost it.
He told everyone to go to hell and took the kid by himself.
‘No one has seen him since. I told Sam what he could do
with hisbullshit head games and headed on to Kansas City.
Last I heard, the shifters had managed to hunt down half
the group and Sam had stepped in to lead the rest.

Is that how it is with you, Joan? Mama knows best,
and if you don't do what Mama says she'll throw you to
the wolves?


HUNTERBOOK: MARY YR

think billy feels that tel the time, need te put the
al doar cot aid nates Harpe But how can

out at ? It aint smant and ultimately
ten. What docs it make if, more just pop up? J killed
Slick and now there's some other thing oud there eoding thal
black shit ts kids and the people in my tial. The kill felt great,
bud was it worth it?

Every crusade needs warriors. God has called the
wrathful to be our burning sword against the demons,
reaching out to men and women who are prepared to kill
to uphold their ideals. Unfortunately, they don't exist for
anything besides battle. They're weapons in need of a
hand and mind to guide them. They become obsessed
with killing a monster to the point where they're blind to
the consequences, sometimes losing their own life or the
lives of others who follow them. The wrathful also have
very strong opinions about the world and how it should
be, and they won'thesitate to attack a person or a group
that goes against their beliefs. Including us.

The warriors need us to keep them balanced. Their
aggressiveness has to be tempered with compassion or
they can go out of control. Someone has to be willing to
get in their face sometimes and make them think instead
of just react. Of all of us, they are the most in need of focus.
Give them a target, something to turn their aggression on,
and they're fine. It's only when they get time on theirhands
and start to brood that they can go off the deep end.

Spend some time on the firelight list. These guys have all
this anger and passion, and once they get involved in the
hunt, they lose allinhibitions about violence. It'sscary, but at
the same time it shows how much we have to offer them,
and what potential there would be if we can work together.
Derenpers

The first chosen the salesman introduced me te was
this woman IU call Jenny. Jenny wasnt part of the group
or nothing. She her own >
uhen a monster killed her husband and she wat tet te keep
hen ton and daughter alive and well. The salesman's a guy
people trust — J guess his job has something to do with
it, He already knew. penny, but it sill took us an hour te
convince her ts meet us. She showed me a picture of her

In a lot 4, I thought was on the
tps has ia cls pri a Ba sf
? "

ed Ligindliag alk detection She
care about the rest of the would a long af

her hids were That's understandable, but is it really

Wala. (

J really dont know. I dont think penny does either.
Protectors are the most like us of any of the chosen, just
maybe more militant and focused on what they feel called
todo. They're committed to protecting the people they care
about at any price, and are willing to sacrifice themselves if
necessary for the sake of others, just like we are. The only

——"q [oi


problem with these crusaders is that sometimes their passion
forkeeping people safe gives them tunnel vision, if you know
what | mean. Their awareness doesn't extend past the
immediate circle of what they try to protect, tucking in like a
turtle and letting the rest of the world go to hell.

The vigilant need someone to kick them in the ass
from time to time andremind them there's more going on
in the struggle than what's happening to their family and
friends. They need to stay focused on the crusade as a
global cause, not a local one, and sometimes they need
to remember that the best defense is a good offense.
They won't need to barricade themselves in their apart-
ments if the demons are all dead and gone.

So it's a kind of tug-of-war with the protectors. On
one hand, their protective natures remind us to think of
ourselves and the people we're fighting for, while at the
same time we have to be able to tell them when it's time
to go confront the demons in their holes for a change.
And since they always put the welfare of others before
themselves, the vigilant often need someone to take
care of them, so a close partnership is essential.

Tnnocexrs

‘The choice is a hard one. We can never forget thal
seen the darkness. We hnow. things arent right

But there are people who just dont get that, J
4n thal pp of hostn) met there wos'lis uy Sood

In tome , he was i ts the group, J

with each other. , he was a good guy.

But deep down, he was a fucking hid in way over his head,

and he didnt know it. I noticed it the first time when he
was Ung @ 1. He we

wi hc thw fn the mains ed oc on

Pretty J couddut take it J lost it when
400%, anymore,

as sth
Wicca Hse beet ting, Uetoat ts teeta of
being a damn fool,

Everyone has blind spots, myself included. Before
God showed me His plan, | had major ones, especially
where other people were concerned. The call made me
look at things in a whole new way, but | realize that there
is still more for me to learn. That's why the Lord touched
the souls of the young at heart and the idealistic, so that
their constant questions would cause us to think about
how and why we do the things we do.

Everyone seems to look down on the thoughtful, but
that's only because most of us are jealous of their strength.
The stress of the hunt doesn't seem to touch them like it does
therest of us, because they don't take it as seriously as we do.
They don't alwayssee the cause as the end-all battle thatwe
do. In fact, some don't even see it as a crusade at all. Of
course, | disagree completely with that outlook, but | admit
that the idea makes me think, which is the whole point.

CHAPTER 3: LAMBS ALL

The open-minded simplicity of these chosen helps
center us when we start to doubt everything we know
and believe. At the same time, we have to reach out to
them and direct their constant curiosity in directions that
have practical application. Never mind about the politi-
cal motivations of a bloodsucker, | want to know if we
can kill one with a suniamp.

The thoughtful aren't treated with nearly the respect
they deserve among the chosen, and we should be their
strongest advocates. None of us can afford to be com-
placent, because we don't have a clue about what's
teally going on around us. We need to be open to all the
suggestions we can get. The fact that these people are
ostracized so much might have something to do with all
the confusion and uncertainty on this list.

Jha thts ppm ms hs
i 4 dc 4
about these women, It's like they walked out
when the choices were clearer and God spoke to the Hebrews.
Ruth didnt strike me as religious | When ) fi
spent with them, J saw her in

Trait ailotof thal week
with Dead Eyes. Ruth and the others had
tangled with him a feu times before,
A i him, the others

sea! adh money 2 baa a tai ald
a chance loc wouldnt
soe lhe clei doe' te dhan chek d ego uolin
I was ts let Billy loose just to shut everyone up.
Then Ruth told us what was what. She told us we
would get it alone and out, We started working
because the was in change. peter capi
@ satue. I sau fear in his then, She ashed him
might happen if he didnt. He admitted _
. me ;
hada ing around her neck on a chain —JI neuer
oul what it was for —and she took it off and touched
him with it. It was like the was burning him.
Flgecepe i here ska pen er eee
im to run d never 40
at her mark was on him. mg
That woman knew what this was all about. I hope
there are others out there like her.

I think that God gave us arbiters to show us that we're
notinfallible. Even though He has chosen us to fulfill His plan


HUNTERBOOK: MART YR

on Earth, we're still human, still frail and fallible. We need
someone whowill consider the facts carefully and show us
that good can be found in the most unlikely places.

How can these people preside over weighing the
actions of demons? They can't, obviously, but they can
give us guidance in cases of victims who. have only been
partially corrupted. When we deal with blood slaves or a
warlock's followers, how can we be sure they won't follow
in their master's footsteps after he's been killed? This is one
of the ways that the counsel of arbiters is crucial. Theirsharp
minds and strong sense of right and wrong make all the
difference between vengeance and justice.

But the arbiters don't stand in judgment of demons
alone. They watch over our actions as well, and they aren't
afraid to callus outwhenwe cross theline. Let's faceit, there
are alot of angry and wounded people who don'thave the
best perspective on dealing with the enemy, or even on
who the enemy is. We need someone to stand for discipline
and law in God's army, and the arbiters do that to the best
of their ability. We owe it to ourselves and the people we
fight for to support the overseers and get their advice
whenever possible. We have to be an advocate forjustice,
to stand for something higher than just an eye for an eye.

Which also means that from time to time we have to
argue with an arbiter. The thing with them is that they
make the best judgments they can based on their per-
sonalethics. Extenuating circumstances and compassion
don't fit into the equation. Sometimes we're compelled
to play devil's advocate if justice wouldn't be good for
Christian forgiveness. People should be allowed to atone
for their mistakes and repent. Arbiters don't always allow
for that. We have to respect their decisions, but be
prepared to respectfully disagree as well. There has to be
law and order among us, but if we can't persuade them
to show mercy to an offender, it's our fault not theirs.

Repecwens
Y Ruth was like a leader, then Rebecoa was like a

faced
94 lay down te cause evontually
unig sry py to A Fg

wat tue. She looked at me without and
"We al have a path to the Promised Land. Jim glad youve

yous.
She knew. She bnew others would fall craund her and
J wonder, nou that my mission is over and
| love the healers. They give me hope that all the
ugliness | see every day can be turned into something
truly beautiful. Their unshakeable faith in others, even


those lost completely to the lies of Satan, remind us all of
the glory of the human soul. We fight to give humanity
hope of something better. The healers are hope. That
takes a kind of courage even the wrathful should envy.

Instead, many tear them down. We flame them
when they talk about finding humanity in beasts, of trying
to save souls no matter how far gone they may be. It's
wrong for us to deny them their chance to spread God's
grace. Didn't Jesus ask God to forgive his murderers,
even as he hung on the cross? To reach out to one's
enemy in understanding and love is the highest ideal of
any Christian, and we should encourage our brothers
and sisters who want to do that

And yet, the problem is that these chosen want so
much to find the best in people that they can be-
come obsessed. They believe in hope when sometimes
there is none. The cruel thing is that it isn't just the
healer who suffers, but her allies, so the pardoners are
often shunned unfairly.

| don't believe everyone is entitled to a happy end-
ing. But who am |, who are any of us, to prevent someone
from trying? If the healers can save even one person from
damnation, isn't it worth the price? Think carefully about
your answer, because one day the person they're trying
to save might just be you. Even Christ was tempted by the
Devil. Does anyone truly believe we're free from corup-
tion? There are those who would say some on this list have
gone over to the other side already.

Visionaries

D split off prom the others soon after Ruth
marked that junkie. The salesman me Slick,
buct they were all headed way and I had

CHAPTER 3: LAMBS ALL

battle to fight. J that might be the last lime I sau.
a A, pa aa
I didn't 400 another until after I offed Slick. The
foberteantl atone dae. ee
rooms where they ath you questions. Two hard chairs, a

metal desh and a mirror so can look at you while
diaacl, Toss Cape nob banad aiking wi guaillons aid tosh
they left me there, Thying to tne me out, J guess, Not that

d hnow it, but what Id thrsugh, ne
fn ren si aileop. an stout oduct exactly
fortune.

Anyway, Id been alone for about an hour when this
tall brother walks in. He was wearing one of these caps
without a brim that they wear back in Africa, I guess. He
had a serious Moses look about him. Ae tat down and
stared at me, but somehow. still had a faraway look. Like

just started talking. "D know about the voices and

the visions," he said. "I know what you see and what you

are. I need te know what you have done." No questions, 10
conversation, just shalements.

fuses Hh thao ie owas fl gap

, e mii

bullshit and wanted te know where I did Slich,

where I first made my choice. Everything was about where,

wef it wall him, something.


When I wouldnt ansuer his questions — when he
finally Ce naan pa ee aT Ree

Big shit, I thought. But then fob showed up and the
GU -GiaT ss WLLL Ga Unies and hep soaks dab
sendy Po de wil yo grads tel I quest that's a good

| believe that the world as we know it is coming to an
end and that God has chosen us to save mankind from
Satan's corruption. | know that a New World awaits, but
| don't know how we'll get there or what it will be like.
That's the purpose of the prophets, chosen by the Lord to
be the architects of the struggle to come.

| know that they can be hard to deal with. Many of
them prefer to be left alone, puzzling out the nature of
God's plan and the workings of monsters. But they're our
teachers and we must show that we want to hear what
they have to say. Without them, our cause doesn't have
any future. If we don't have a plan for the days when the
demons are defeated, then we just invite them to return.
We need a vision to guide us, and the prophets are
meant to show the way.

The problemis getting them to focus on the matter at
hand. They can go off on wild tangents, following anidea
just because it's interesting, rather than actually useful.
They need someone who can keep them focused on
immediate goals, not watching the paint peel, but pictur-
ing what we need to be doing a decade from now. Unlike
the questioners and their easygoing natures, the proph-
ets don't like being interrupted, and they're a lot harder
to handle.

Like the open-minded, the prophets need a voice
among the chosen, and we need to be that voice.
Someone has to take the message to the masses. The
message may not be popular, and it might cause a lot of
heartache, but it's the word of God and we have a duty
to share it. Sometimes you might not even agree with
what a prophet says, but that doesn't change the fact
that the truth has to be told. We can't be truly serious
about putting the good of everyone ahead of ourselves
if we shy away from knowledge we'd rather not know.

The fact is, as hard as the truth is to take some-
times, it's even harder to be driven to seekit no matter
what. That's the price the prophets pay, being blessed
or cursed with a mind that never rests. The prophets
make their own sacrifices for what they learn, often
losing the comforts of friends and family in pursuit of
things that might or might not even be real. We should
honor their sacrifices.

Feccow Devorep (Orucr Marryas)

. He in de
ee baie oneal
on me — to I was Ubud D scat tuapleuaas toe
thors had mads'tia‘chélla, Us Jued oul thay did [oll good
and I had a chance te talk.

See, it not to be alone, 40 that was

and. buows the price te pay Jools really good. Bud it

weight on me. J
one

thought I was alone, that I was the

people makes

less Y Im not the , can J let

So many people call them names and think of them
as failures, but the men and women who hear the call
and don't answer may have the hardest struggle of all.

Think about it. Remember how you felt the first time
you saw one of the demons. Your terror and outrage
forced you to act, and God granted you the strength of
angels. But what if you hadn't done anything? What if
you faced death and just froze? It only lasted for a
second, but by then the moment had passed.

Do you forget about what you've seen? Can you put
the knowledge of the demons and the message of God
out of your mind? Of course not. You know demons are
out there. You know they prey on people. But you can't
see them anymore. You can't do anything about it. All
you can dois feel afraid, not knowing who to trust or what
to believe for the rest of your life.

At least we have the capacity to do something
about the demons. Those prodigal souls who turn from
the Lord have to live nightmares in absolute helplessness.
They don't seem so lucky now, do they?

What amazes me is all the stories about people who
still try to come to grips with the demons even after they
fail their tests! Can you imagine facing a monster without
any of your blessings? No sight, no powers, no protection
from their magic? Yet these people are out there doing
it all the same, and most of them die trying. Because they
know that what they saw was wrong. They know deep in
their hearts that the demons must be stopped. So they do
what little they can while we bicker with each other.

| think God has a plan for these struggling souls. He
knew what they were capable of when He gave them
their test. He had to have known what decision they
would make, just like He must have known that they
couldn't rest once they'd been shown the truth.


Like the prodigal son in the Bible, who learned about
himself and his worth when he made his long journey
home, our own prodigals have something to learn in their
struggle to come to grips with the demons. We may need
tolearn that lesson, too, and they'll be the ones to teach
it. So if you ask me, they deserve our respect and what-
ever support we can give them.

Jos's Srory

N had conversation with fob, the pri:
gui ggg id a sg ake
up call.

There's nothing worse than regret. It burns inte
heart and. mahes all the line, I

ad lp Shale
Vick and Dead Eyes and hed and Vania was all
@ fool's errand, a sucher's bet.
Quch thal! It n't
I look bach at what Yve written today and realise

J

that
ts fear. fob has shown me that you can always
have breath and my battle aint going to stop!

SE
=f
if = teks

, he says, a burning
1 lett AU load dads abe al
you might say, ;
Since then he hasnt seen the monsters, but he knows
theyre there. He says

dink bcicmubeate , buct he cant find

id Hell see iti —the —and know it means
domathing, bel wl cluagd wht. hall hows be bras Irak

one of the chosen. He even
he hnows @ lot about us,
Jos's Lesson
J said. J call him fob because he was tested. And for
a time, be thought be failed. He didnt act when he could
He Z & . He
Cees fee sesthaas thoes Ub thoes aad dat ben
fighting to get lack to if Me helps out the chosen. however
but instead — without the vision, without the

his in
have

that internet group, 40
what might have beer.

(oho eg Z bo nagret
since, hy
Hae th tied eh feet nedofed Dll
justice or Mania and theothens, and J fail.
PO gg rT am aaa
And maybe, just maybe, the junbies aren't at my triad
PIO 0p oS a i OT
prcib of tc. And poe
They should be

Keeping rHe PEACE

The warriors worry about stopping the enemy. The
protectors worry about guarding their loved ones. The
arbiters worry about punishing the guilty. Everyone has
their own driving force that takes up all their energy and
keeps them focused

And us? We worry about them.

We're the ones who keep the whole thing going. We
have to be the go-betweens that help warriors and
healers work together. Or we nag the protector to slow
down long enough to take care of himself. Or we put up
with the prophet's bitching long enough to hear the
important thing he's discovered. We're the blood and
skin that hold everything together. For us, the cause and
only the cause matters.

God asks us to carry the cross of the world's salvation.
We have to make whatever sacrifices are necessary so
that the chosen can do their jobs. That's why they need
us, even though most don't realize it, and why we can't
do anything without them.

That means stopping fights. It means giving up food
and rest and safety. It means putting up with abuse and
doing terrible things to spare someone else from doing
the same. It sometimes means taking the worst risks,
because that's the only way you're going to get anyone
else to doit, too. You have to be prepared to put yourself
on the line and not expect anyone to notice or even
care. In fact, the only way to know you're doing your job
tights if everyone is way too busy taking care of theirown
business, working together and getting the job done, to
pay the slightest attention to you.

That's all that God asks of us. No one else ever has to
know how hard it is or how lonely. No one else ever has to
know the pain we endure so someone else won't have
to. That's just between us and the Lord.

He knows. That's what matters.


HUNTERBOOK: MART YR

Exrecy NovHing

Like | said, all chosen have blind spots. | see it each
and every day on this list, in the words of experienced
crusaders and the recently awakened alike. Most times
it's about becoming obsessed with beliefs to the point
that everything else is tuned out. That's when the ob-
sessed assume that everyone around them is on the
same wavelength, because as far as they're concerned
there isn't anything else in the world as important as what
they're doing. These chosen expect people to be as
devoted to what they're doing as they are, and that's
when they end up getting others killed. Look at all the
stories of hunts gone wrong in the list archives.

Wecan't expect people tosee things exactly like we
do. We can't expect them to approach the struggle the
same way. And we certainly can't demand the same
commitment as we give. That sort of thing is between
each person and God. It isn't our place to insist that
someone be just like we are.

Any sacrifices we choose to make are our own.
We're willing to do whatever it takes to see God's plan
fulfilled, even to the point of giving up our lives, but that's
a personal choice we've made. It's not something we
can apply to anyone.

No one is expendable. No matter how important the
task, no matter how dangerous a demon may be, we don't
have the right to sacrifice another. How canwe claim to be
God's chosen if we knowingly send our allies to their death?

Self-sacrifice, however, is totally different. We're alll
expected to give entirely of ourselves for the sake of
mankind, just as Jesus did. That includes giving up ourlives,
and there may come atime when one of us decides to lay
down his life so the rest can prevail. We must respect that
decision and support him, though it may be the hardest
thing we ever do. There's nothing greater than giving
one's life for another, and we should revere those with the
courage and compassion to sacrifice God's gift for the
sake of another.| hope |'llbe able to doitif the time comes.

Kezping vie Farr

The way of the Devil is temptation. Satan doesn't
beat you because he's stronger or smarter, but because
he can make you doubt yourself. That's when you're
weaker than he is. Even Jesus was tempted in his time on
Earth. Why should we be any different?

No one but God knows how long this struggle will last.
Can we go on, night after night, and not succumb to
hatred and despair? Canwe face one desperate struggle
after the next without losing sight of the higher purpose of
our calling?

We're only human. It's too easy to abuse our
power for personal reasons. When that happens, when
someone flirts with damnation, it's up to the rest of us
to bring that lost soul back to God's grace by any
means necessary.

This should be a duty shared among all the chosen,
but most especially among us. God chose us above all
the rest to be the blood and soul of His crusade, and we
should work the hardest to keep the tested free from
iniquity. Some on this list have recommended that arbi-
ters have the final say in measuring the actions of the
chosen. | agree, but only where a crime involves worldly
actions such as murder or theft. For crimes against the
cause itself, we alone should pass judgment and mete
out any punishment. Why? Because such crimes de-
mand compassionate consideration, an eye toward

forgiveness through penance and purification. Spiritual
corruption is like a fever. It comes on subtly, rising by
degrees until the victim is helpless and mad. With time,
effort and love, the fever can be broken and the person
healed. Who else among the chosen has the devotion
necessary to carry a lost soul through that kind of ordeal?
Whoever shepherds these lost children must suffer along-
side them, to share in their suffering as a gesture of
atonement. That is a cross we must bear.

It isn't enough to spread the word and inspire others
to heedit. We must remind the faithful of their obligations
and watch for signs of corruption. If you come across a
lost soul, show him the error of his ways and return him to
the fold. Sometimes this might require extreme measures
such as imprisonment or pain. | know it sounds extreme,
but sometimes it takes drastic action to shock someone
back to his senses.

Divinep We Syanp

Since | first got onto the internet and found hunter-
net, I've noticed that a number of chosen have tried to
form separate groups, like the firelight or vigil sites. It
seems to have worked with some, but it fails completely
with others. Us, for example. You would think we would
want a place to reach out and share our experiences, to
commiserate and get help from others who are going
through the same things we are.

Nope. Not at all. That bothered me for a while, until
| realized that we just aren't the type to waste time
worrying about ourselves. We don't open up about how
hard things are for us. If we have any free time to spend,
we use it helping others. We don't cater to ourselves. It
isn't our nature.

That same basic nature makes me wonder if we can
get along together as a group. Would two of us work
together, complementing each other's overall devo-
tion? Or would we pull in opposite directions, each

Subject: Ideological Purity?
From: memphis68
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Joan, let's be clear on this. What you're saying is that
anyone who strays from our struggle should be taken and "re-
educated"? If that means throwing them in a basement for a
‘month or working them over with rubber hoses, that's okay?

Don't get me wrong. Traitors to the revolution de-

serve what they get, but it should be a bullet in the head,
‘not some sick, drawn-out mind-fuck. For one thing, that
of treatment is ultimately a waste of time. You either
break the person so thoroughly that he's no use to anyone,
or you make one serious son-of-a-bitch who'll do whatever
you say so long as he can go free and bury you later.

But most importantly this kind of inquisition invites
abuse. Look at Germany and all the people who were
tortured and killed in the name of ideological purity,
when in reality they'd just been set up by someone with
an axe to grind.

We don't need a secret police, Joan. Leave that till
we've defeated the enemy. Then we'll take care of the

who turned on us. We've got enough reasons to
watch our backs now without worrying that one of our
own will sell us out.


committed to leading according to her beliefs? The
more | think about it, the more | believe we're loners,
eveninacrowd. We only feel comfortable leading from
the front lines or working quietly in the back, always
alone. Why? Because we have to be the most devoted,
most committed member of the group. If anyone sacri-
fices more than we do, it's a sign that we fail in our
commitments. That breeds rivalry and jealousy, and
ultimately leads to antagonism. So we isolate ourselves
to be secure in our selflessness.

Yeah, that's messed up. But it's the truth. You know it
as well as | do.

I'd like to hope that one day we can find a way to
come togetherin ourstruggles. Imagine what even ten of

us could accomplish, armed with our faith and willing to
sacrifice all we had for victory! It's possible for us to work
together for short periods, but only to achieve limited
ends. Before too long, the one-upmanship rears its ugly
head and things go downhill from there.

In the end, | guess we have to remember that we
were chosen for the sake of others, not for ourselves. Our
causeis to inspire all the deserving to ever-greater heights,
and to make the hard choices when no one else will. We
have to hold ourselves to a far higher standard, and
that's always a lonely place to be. Maybe it'd be better
if we just accept that fact and stick to the problems at
hand. I've suffered through worse for the sake of every-
body else. Haven't you?



If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he
himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.

— 1 Corinthians 3:15

Tre Cuoress I've Maps, Lasy Pary

FAX TRANSMISSION 15:01:53 October 10
Tomorrow. ) get transferred te the state prison te await

, Sloh My laugor ib lalbing about
isssaliiandl slanahioy and: Gl higts of chil bal) donsw
weve of that will hapren. Inside of a your, J expect le meet
my maker.

And IU be ready. I won't give in te and
rb ae chat hee § hese lft staat ap fle te
imondiors think thay ve won

Theyre wrong,

Eno oF Days

Subject: The End
From: anon52
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

If your doctor said you were dying of cancer and
only had a month to live, what would you do with the
time you had left? Would you get your affairs in
order, making sure your family's needs were met?
Would you take more interest in your children, giving
them the love and attention you always wanted to, but
couldn't? Would you take the time to help others
around you, knowing that you have to act nowor never?

Would you live your life differently, knowing that
your time on Earth is running out?

Because it is.

EPIPHANIES

Subject: The Blood of the Lamb
From: joan296
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

The sins of the world will be washed away by the
blood of the lamb. The Bible says that. The answer was
there in front of us all along, but we were too blind to see
it. It's all so clear to me now, so simple.

John wants to give me painkillers. | won't let him, even
when he has to clean the wounds. There's so much clarity
in pain. | never knew that. You see things so much more
clearly. Parents should never shelter their children so much.
It makes them fear the things that hurt, and that's where
the blindness begins. That's how Satan pulled the wool
over everyone's eyes, by insulating us all from the things
that could open them. It's so clear now. | want to shout it
from the rooftop, but that would be dangerous. Too risky.
Perhaps later, when the search has died down.

| don't even know where | am right now. Somewhere
downtown. Belinda found the place. I'm blessed to have
found such devoted friends. John used to be a medic, he
said, andhe's done a greatjob stitching up myleg andarm.
He thinks I'll still have full use my right arm once everything
heals. I'm not afraid. God has shown me the way. | know
He'll provide me with what | need to fulfill His plan.

So much has happened since | last posted. God has
shown me the path that we must all follow, and the truth


HUNTERBOOK: MARY YR

Subject: The Faxes and the Battle
To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: muezzin318

Asalaam alechem, my brothers and sisters. Peace be
unto you.

I hope to lay some of your fears to rest with this
message. The faxes many of you have received have come
from a brother imprisoned for pursuing the cause that
unites us all. I visited him in the police station, although
itseems I hardly impressed him at the time. My allies and

[have helped to defend him and keep him safe from the
monsters that would see us all dead.

The guard you know as Job is my friend. He has
brought the letters to me and I have passed them on to
you through the agency of another ally in our Islamic
movement. This person is what some would call a Sufi of
sorts — he has heard the call but serves by remaining
separate and sending messages forth. Allah, infinite in
His Wisdom, has seen fit to bless him with the ability to
send messages so that they reach those who must hear
them. He does not know your facsimile machine num-
bers, but the transmissions get to you regardless. Like a
message in a bottle upon the waves eventually reaches
the shore. The ways of Allah and His messengers are
many and mysterious.

So trust, my brothers and sisters, that no one has
sacrificed your secrets. Our movement is growing and
we have no intention of harming those who have also
heard the call.

is more glorious and humbling that | ever dreamed. We
are more than merely his chosen crusaders. We're to be
the saints of the New World.

We are the Second Coming. Christ has returned and
abides in each of us. Andlike his, our blood willwash away
this world of sin.

Tue Lasr Mite
A and jury have condemned me to death, just ab
fot wont be with me anymore, Ill be alone , wailing.

A Worco Wirnour Monsters
When I first heard what I thought was the plea of
a creature in pain, I answered it and sacrificed my

humanity for the sake of another. I sentenced myself
to death in one moment, because once I understood that
there were monsters, I couldn't turn my back on them,
no matter how much I wanted to. Yet I can't deal with
them and still hold onto who I was. I feel myself
fading away, night after night, until I won't be any
different than the creatures. I think that some of us
will reach that point faster than others. I've lasted
four months, but I think I'm nearing the end of the
line. You might last longer, maybe a year or more, but
the end will still be the same. We are who we are or
we never would have heard the call in the first place.

All we can do with the time we have left is put
ourselves in the path of the other beasts out there,
protect what's left of the human race and spare them from
making the awful choices we have to. That means seeking
out the real monsters, the ones that are too far gone,
and putting them down before they can inflict any more
pain and suffering. It also means showing mercy where
we can and hopefully showing other creatures the reality
of their existence, pulling them back from the brink and
giving them the chance to save themselves. Finally, we
need the courage to look inside ourselves and know when
we've reached the end of the line, so we can stop
ourselves before we become a burden.

I think we can break the cycle. I think that if we
use our remaining time selflessly and fight for people,
we can turn the tide. But we have to put aside the selfish
goals and agendas that lead us to distrust and disagree
with each other. The more we cling to old prejudices,
the faster we fall and the more we blind ourselves to
what we become. Letting go of our old beliefs and
admitting the truth of what we are is probably the single
greatest act of courage many of us will ever make, but
we owe it to ourselves and everyone. We don't have to
be victims anymore. We can take charge of our last days
and make a difference for those who come later.

The longer we can endure, the more beasts we
destroy and the fewer new monsters will be born. Those
monsters we can save will increase our numbers, and
sooner or later the balance will shift. We'll be the
majority and the true beasts will become extinct. Then
maybe humanity will truly be free for the first time.

What will the world be like without monsters? I
honestly don't know. Will it be a utopia? I doubt it.
As long as humanity exists, there'll be conflict. But
struggle isn't entirely a bad thing. It creates
opportunity and change. I hope that without monsters
feeding on our despair and pain, we can finally get past
things like war, greed and prejudice. After all, who
else really profits from hate and fear but monsters?

I think we'll at last reach the potential for
greatness that humanity has been denied so long.
We'll finally be able to rise out of this cesspool
of commercialism and media-driven ignorance and do
the things we've always dreamt of.

I don't have a vision for the future. I don't want
one. I want there to be too many possibilities to
imagine, the freedom to do anything we want to do.

I wish I could be there to see it, but I know I
probably won't. More than likely, none of us will.

Acczrr, Don't Suneenden

Loss tod pa aay vile: hs walt ls cant
oud saad thats an importa Png, and Jess Aerating thal
tes eich will coma an l Dal taal native oe can eds ol
i But that dootat mean theres nothing

make — =
unde Gavel ich wlan elvan te


victims. You can make the world better

a He
inh

gatas

bo die, D thought I news what was ie sore
But you cant. That's mot

had you

Yea We can,

a

incl he le te tw sent?
Pn grb genre whatever it is. Do you?

SvicMark

The world is inching closer to Hell through our ongo-
ing moral corruption. Sex, greed, hatred and fear all
spread through mass media and global civilization.
Satan tempts each of us in a hundred different ways,
offering our heart's desires. Each time we listen, we
open our hearts to him. That's how our souls wither and
the demons find their way in, spreading the corruption
even further. Air pollution, toxic waste, global warming.
Wesee the signs every day. Now things have gone so far
that there's no turning back.

God showed us the way to salvation two thousand
years ago when He sent Christ to die on the cross for our
sins. The world was on the edge of damnation then, but the
selflessness of Jesus and the spilling of his blood cleansed
the Earth and hurled the demons back into Hell. His ex-
ample has remained with us since, preserved in the
teachings of the New Testament to show you and | what
needs to be done. The Lord meant for Christ's death to be
alesson for the future, like a parent teaches a child. Now

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

From: roshni231

Subject: Choosing your Karma

Mr. Anon52, you must allow me to correct this

| mistake that I am perceiving in the way you view this

struggle against the creatures that beset us. | understand

your conflicting desires with respect to the monsters, but

this is only natural owing to the rigid beliefs and judg-

ments of your Christian religion.

Here in India, the Hindu concepts of Karma and
reincarnation provide an importantinsight into our struggle.
You see, monsters are no more the reincarnated souls
of very evil men and women, forced to return in hideous
forms and exist in torment. The only way that they can be
returned toastate of blessedness and allowed to reincarnate
further along the wheel of existence is for them to be
confronted by their evil and made to repent their ways.

You are quite correctly sensing your own corruption
in meeting the monsters' evil with yet more evil. Such
acts only pollute your own soul and do nothing to save
theirs. Turn away from such violence. Your compassion
for your son is the way to true enlightenment, for
yourself and him as well.

CHAPTER 4: COMING SACRIFICES

we have to show Him what we've leamed, to prove that
we're worthy of His continued grace.

It's not enough to just fight the demons. | thought
that, too, at first. Then a few days ago Amelia told me that
maybe | misunderstood what happened at her house as
something bad. She acted as though she might even
know who the creature was. But no matter how many
times | asked her for the creature's name, she refused to
tell me unless | promised not to kill it. | was horrified. At one
time she didn't even seem to know what had happened,
and now the demon had managed to corrupt her. | had
never really looked at her before, the way we can. But
now | saw how she was wrong, and maybe was all along.
I'd been making sure that she was going to church
regularly and confessing her sins for a while. If she were
living a godly life, how could the demon still be able to
reach into her soul so easily?

| agonized and prayed over the problem for days,
even staying home when my parents went to Aspen, so
| could stay close to Amelia and fight for her soul. Obvi-
ously there was some terrible sin in her, and it had to be
brought out before she would be truly free.

By this point | had found Belinda and John. They both
worked at the mall and had seen my sign before it was
cleaned off. Both of them had seen demons before, and
were so grateful that | could explain what had happened
to them and why. | knew | could count on them, and they
gave me the strength | needed to take Amelia's salvation
into my own hands. Amelia told me she never locked her
bedroom window. | went to her last Thursday and brought
her back to the guest house. It was important that her
parents didn'tknow where she'd gone, because couldn't
tisk any interruptions until I'd gotten her to confess.

We talked all night long. She got scared, then angry
as the hours passed. At around four she tried to leave, but
John stopped her. That was when she went crazy. It was
plain to everyone that she had given her sympathy to the
servants of Satan. John and | managed to force her
down and tie her to one of the beds. She begged and
pleaded to be let go, even while she was kicking and
clawing at us. | tried and tried to get her to admit to her
weakness, but she kept insisting she was innocent. Finally
| realized that she was telling the truth.

The world is so far gone that people are tainted just
from living in it. No matter how devout and righteous they
try to be, they can still be infected, like a virus. It shows just
how close we all are to damnation. The evil has to be
drawn out like a poison, purged and washed away. An
act of great suffering can invite God's forgiveness and
return the soul to the path of righteousness.

| watched the sun rise and realized what had to be
done. Amelia was my friend. There was no telling how
much she would have to suffer, but | assured her that |
would be by her side the whole time. Once | explained
what needed to be done, John and Belinda went to work.

Lord, how Amelia suffered. Thank goodness no one
lived close enough to hear her screams. | sat with her,
Praying and crying. But the more we tried to save her, the
more of an animal she became. It was as if we were
somehow giving the corruption more strength instead of
drawing it out. We worked over her for two days and
nothing seemed to work. Amelia was growing weak. We
couldn't keep going, but | didn't know what else to do.

Then, that night, the demon came.

There was no waming. One minute we were working
and the next it was there, towering over us, howling in rage.
Its eye was fully healed. There wasn't even the faintest scar.
I knew that it had come for Amelia. With a shout to God, |
threw myself in the way, again.

=


HUNTERBOOK: MART YR

The demon remembered me. For a moment it for-
got all about Amelia. | hit it with all my God-given
strength, but its claws ripped into me again and again
There was blood everywhere, my blood. | thought! was
going to die. | was ready. | offered my soul up to the Lord,
but then there was a loud boom and the demon col-
lapsed. John had shot it

Then it happened. The glorious moment of revela-
tion. The demon fell dead, covered in my blood, and the
body started to change. In moments it turned into aman!
He looked alittle like Amelia's father, her uncle maybe. It
didn't matter. The corruption that had twisted his body
into a monster was gone, washed away by my blood.

Amelia was dead, too. She had slipped away. Her
face looked so peaceful, as though she were sleeping.
There was a single, perfect spot of red on her cheek and
| knew that I'd cleansed her too, before she'd gone. |
collapsed to the floor and cried. | cried while John carried
me out. | wept tears of joy, because God had shown me
how to save the world

We are the new messiahs. Our blood, blessed by the
Lord, can wipe away sin and leave a New World, shining
and pure. Our sacrifice will give people a new start, free
from the temptations of Satan, if we are strong enough and
Godly enough to pass the ultimate test of compassion.

That's why we've been chosen from all faiths, races
and walks of life. The only way we can pull humanity back
from Hells for all of us to come together and give freely of
our lives. We have to take the pain of the world upon
ourselves and bleed for the sake of people we don't even
know. If we can show the Lord that we're capable of this
act, we'll eam the right to a better world.

I'mnotsaying we allhave to kill ourselves to defeat the
demons. Not exactly, anyway. We have to fight them,

a ~

face to face, and confront them with our righteousness.
Wehave tomake them shed our bloodin order to show our
devotion to the Lord, and our willingness to pay any price
to save our fellow man. Our blood makes the demons
weak and gives us the power to destroy them. Then not
only will the servants of Satan be cast back into the pit
everything they have ever corrupted will fade as well.
When the demon was destroyed, Amelia was freed of his
hold and went to the Lord with a clean heart. That's the
ultimate power that God has given us, and the real
message He has sent. We can see into the hidden places
and fight with the strength of angels, but that's nothing
compared to the power of mercy and compassion given
freely by a repentant heart

With this knowledge, the battle against Satan is all but
won. Praise the Lord! We can seek out the demons in their
lairs and confront them with the love of the Lord, prying their
claws from the world and wiping away their corruption.

First, though, we have to convince our fellow chosen.

PERILS AND PITFALLS

You know, this trial, these letters, seeing my wife (even
ata distance), talhing with fob and the Muslim brother tying

bs help me, its all give on me the chance te think. When I was
faiiig fed and oad Egat and Slick I didn't think too much.
9 wort on instinct 9 ded sohat J had te do
Bu if there's one thing my fight bas taughd me, is that
Hading about sts choisas tk netaiitan re ii aiid
heat meeaonataettesk vs fe beer
sud oe, go bf, a ae
Usa hard road we wall, and perp ea
Ail! sround isto. 9 can toll you what Tos larrned


Subject: The shedding of blood is not holy!

From: mbele207

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

i No, no, Joan, you are right, but you are also wrong. It is
true that we must make great sacrifices of ourselves in order
to turn back the poisoning of our world, but it is material
things, not our bodies, that must be given up!

The whole reason that the world has become so
unbalanced is because we have turned away from our
spiritual selves and neglected our duties to the world of the
dead. There must be balance between the two worlds, or
both suffer greatly. In order to return ourselves to balance
we must put aside those things that isolate us from the
natural world and its rhythms. We must sacrifice our
comforts, our material wealth and our unnatural medi-
cines, and live as the gods intended. It is easier for us to
understand this here in Africa, because there are so many
who live away from the cities who still remember the old
ways, and they are willing to teach those who would listen.

Do not follow this path of blood, Joan. It is wrong. You
are blinded by white man's wealth. Live naturally, help
those around you, and all will be made well.

Cenring invo rH Jaws
The fi

sma means
on
eee Valet

got me. Cops meant
that demon and knew Id neuer get another shot — so
I gave up my life ts end his.

YI hadnt smart all the other times, i, Td just
Dead Eyes and the rest on thein terms, I neuer would
have swruived enough te make a woth
Cuoosine vie Knits
The only thing separating us from the true beasts
is what's left of our souls. Just like them, sooner
or Later we'll lose even that, and be something that
no longer remembers what good or evil means. It
doesn't happen all at once, of course. Like the rest

of life, it comes gradually, growing a shade darker
with each passing night, until one day we wake up and

realize that we're blind. How long does it take to
realize that? How much corruption do you have to take
part in before you understand what you've become?
Years? Decades? How bad does it have to get before
you start praying for someone to come and put you out
of your misery?

I don't want to get to that point. No one is going
to have to give up their life for me. Before I go that
far, I'm going to take care of things myself. That's
an eventuality we all have to consider, because
sooner or later all of us are going to succumb.
Denying it just means that someone else will have to
end your life for you. Do you really want that?

There's a Japanese saying that the samurai must
live each day of his life knowing that eventually,
he's going to die. That's how we have to live. We have
to know it's time to let go. How you choose that end
is every bit as important as how you choose to live.

Not all of us are comfortable with suicide. I
can't really say that I was, before I crossed over.
I mean, sure, everybody seems to flirt with killing
themselves when they're teenagers, but that's mostly
just adolescent confusion. I'm talking about being
ready and willing to stop living, to simply cease to
be. That makes a lot of people afraid. What will death
be Like? Where do we go once we're gone? Plus there
are religious issues.

What you have to remember is that, when the time
comes, you won't be killing yourself. You'll be
making the choice to save others with the last bit
of humanity you have left. Think about what you would
do if you had a terminal disease. Wouldn't you want
to go out with dignity, or be reduced to a shell of
what you once were? It's the same thing. Knowing what
lies in store for us, it's better to take matters into
our own hands.

Of course, the best way to go would be ina blaze
of glory, dying in the act of destroying another
beast. We can all hope to go out like that, but it's
not always possible. If I die tonight, destroying
my son's corrupter, who'll take care of him? We
can't shirk our responsibilities, even at the end
of our lives.

No, I think for most of us death will come quietly,
someplace far away from other people, where we won't
make problems for anyone when we go. Finding the
courage to put the gun to our heads will be the most
heroic act we ever have to make. One last battle with
the monster inside us, and then we can rest.

I'm not saying you're going to die tomorrow. It
may not come for weeks or even months. But the fact

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: fenian258
Subject: Straight to Hell

Listen, I've had about enough of your nonsense about
killing yourself when you think you've got your hands too
dirty to go on. I'd guess you're the sort who's never
darkened a church since he was a boy, so I'll set you
straight, the same as my own boys. Suicide is a mortal sin.
If you have any faith in God and the Church, you know
that killing yourself is a sure way to Hell.

We've gotenough people dying for the "cause" here as
itis. The last thing we need is to throw up our arms and kill
ourselves when there's still a world of work left to be done.


HUNTERBOOK: MARY YR

of the matter is, even if you survive to see the last
of the beasts fall, the world still won't be free of
monsters as long as you're alive. Maybe you think you
can forget what you've become once the battle is
over. Maybe you think you can find your way back to
being human, like a soldier returning from a war.
Maybe you can. Honestly, I hope you do. It would be
nice to think that some of us will survive and live
to see the world we saved.

If you do make it, will you do something for me?
Remember us. Remember those who did the best they
could, but fell before the race was won. Because no
one else will ever know.

PAINFoR PAIn's SAKE

The pain I folt, the joints that still ache, they're
reminders that J fought the good fight. That others would
have suffered 9 hadn't

in

but slow.
. The
the
|

te

st

Ss bandas last,
dnt spa pH hapa eee fore Pre had we a
soaks ut hs neg nsntlee ke Fone Sg Mente
at the bar when J floored Dead Eyes
‘there, J told myself that Id saued that

Ye 4
When J look bach, J barely paid attention to her
she was and I wanted i
 heccstecteh bed fornatuebelite bed
Eyes and Slick When she started to resist in the nerd
9 uid gol mad. and thal put hen in her place. When
, that the was

It's dark outside. It seems like the sun rose just
an hour ago and we realized that Tommy hadn't come


home. I've been counting the minutes ever since. Now,
all of a sudden, my time is up. Funny how the big
moments in our lives always seem to sneak up on us.
No wonder we're never really ready for them.

When my son calls, I'll go to him. I'11 show him
how a man owns up to his actions. He can throw his
anger and pain at me. I'll take it. He can try to kill
me. If he does, both of us will die. But I don't think
it'll go that far. He'll hurt me, but when it comes
down to it, he needs me, too. Despite what the vampire
thinks, I'll be there for my boy.

I'm going to show him that you can be a monster and
still strive to be humane. That so long as we give for
the sake of others, we're not lost. That we can still
choose to make a difference, no matter what we've become.

We'll hunt down the vampire that did this and
destroy him. After that, well, we'll have to take it
one night at a time. By the time I've reached the end
of the line, he'll understand what's expected of him.
Beyond that, he has to make his own decisions, just
like the rest of us. But I'm not worried. He's a good
kid. He'll do the stand-up thing.

I'm sorry things turned out the way they did. I'm
sorry that Carol and the boys have had to suffer Like
they have. But you know what? I've got no real regrets.
I've worked hard all my life, married my high school
sweetheart, tried my best to be a good father. I worked
long hours, picked up other people's shifts and gave
to charity when I could. When somebody asked for help,
I did what I could.

How does that old saying go? The road to hell is
paved with good intentions. I always thought that
meant people did evil things for the best of reasons.
Now I'm not so sure. I think it really means that
sometimes a person has to damn himself for the
greater good. Does that make us devils or saints? I
don't know. Maybe both.

No one ever said life was fair. No one ever said it
was about getting what you want. Life isn't about what
we want. It's about what we do.

Gaver VHew V ocevuer ix My Name

We were meant to stand apart from the rest be-
cause our hearts could best see the answer to the Lord's
test. He knew our hearts would understand the need for
selflessness and sacrifice. It's a great honor and a terrible
burden. We've been given the answer. Now we must
teach His wisdom to the unknowing and the unbelieving
all over the world. We have to show them the true power
that lies inside us. That means proving our belief through
action, placing our faith in the Lord and leading the
charge against the enemy. If necessary, we must shame
our fellow crusaders by bleeding our very lives away while
they watch with indecision and fear. Once they have

Subject: Dying for the Glory of God

From: hajirah252

To: hunter. list@hutner-net.org

Here in the Middle East, the true followers of Allah

have known all along that to die in the service of God is

to find reward in the afterlife. Praise Allah, who has
| placed swords in our hands to defeat the enemies of the
} faith! We will die for him and stand at his side in Paradise.

There is no greater honor than to give our lives for his
| glory and spread the faith to all men.

CHAPTER 4: COMING SACRIFICES

seen the truth, they will change their ways, though many
of us will not live to see it.

I'm afraid that many of us will be called upon to give
our lives in the beginning. Nothing else will be enough to
get our message across. Even the hardest of hearts
cannot ignore another person's ultimate sacrifice. You'll
know if and when that time comes. Go to it gladly, with
Praise for the Lord. Don't think about death. Instead, look
ahead to the reward that awaits in Heaven. It's possible
that there might be demons so great or so well protected
that no one crusader or group can defeat them unless
they're ready and willing to die. For those who would
come together and pledge their lives, there is nothing
and no one that can stand in their way!

Once we have spread the Lord's message, it will
become easier. As more and more of the faithful learn
the lesson of compassion, the burden on ourshoulders will
ease. Instead of shedding our own blood to cleanse
Satan's stain, there will be hundreds of true believers who
will spread the cost out among themselves. Then we can
concern ourselves with spurring God's new army on to
greater and greater glories, acting as its spiritual heart
and insuring that its way remains pure. History shows how
many great crusades and revolutions became corupted
by conflicting agendas and goals. It could even be said
that God's church suffered the same problem. Not this
time, though. This time those of us who survive the first
days will remain to keep the minds of the chosen focused
on our one and only goal. If necessary, we will examine
our ranks for purity and faith and take steps to return any
prodigal sons back to the fold. | know this sounds harsh,
but the stakes couldn't be any higher. If we fail, mankind
isdoomed and there won't be anybody to blame but us.

Another thing we must become aware of is the
growth of our own faith and commitment to God's
struggle. There are already comments on hunter-net
about chosen who have lost themselves to their beliefs.
can only assume that the longer our fight continues, the
more crusaders who will become this way, surrendering
themselves completely as vessels of God's glory. What
surprises me is that so many of us try to shun these holy
figures. If anything, we should seek them out and uphold

Toe Oncomne Ficur
From wire services
Authorities at the Conyers State Prison near At
Manta, Ga., are considering charges against convicted

murderer Tyrone Bellamy in the death of another in-
mate during last weekend's riot and breakout. Bellamy,
who is on death row for the murder last year of philan-
thropist Steven Manning, was found outside his own cell
block by guards, and he has confessed to killing fellow
prisoner Hadrian Cross. |

Cross, who was serving a 30-year sentence for rape and
second-degree murder, was known to be the leader of a
prison gang that Conyers spokesman Jay Harvinen charac-
terized as a "ritual cult." Harvinen did not elaborate.

Prison authorities said that the riot grew from pro-
tests by African-American inmates who identify
themselves as members of the Muslim Federation. The
inmates reportedly said that they are victims of religious
discrimination on the part of Conyers administrators, an
allegation Harvinen denied. None of the inmates who
took part in the protest escaped. Of the six prisoners who
did, four remain at large.


HUNTERBOOK MART YR

them, asking for their help at every opportunity and
hoping to acquire some of their wisdom. Like the proph-
ets of old, we should hold these people as saints and listen
carefully to what they have to say.

Tue Word ro Come
J have one thing loft te talb about, something that'

hard te discuss cause we aint gonna be there. be future.

The way I figure it, the ae 4 been falling ts hell and
the grat shel fora 1 been around. Original
dis, Ube flosd, cll Hal stot lls oo noe boon in tree

for @ long, long time.

Right now it the last Mop
Its the ond of the line and
or another. One way or another. Thats where our choice is
Ks up to us te us te decide how it all ends

Remember that they call this time Judgment Day. Not
perecrioe: judgment. That means that right now, God
14 up there looking down at us all, at what we do and
think and say, deciding what te do with us all, My auntie
used to say that sinners would go te Hell and g wry folks
to Heaven. But I aint sure about that — things are just
to connected for that. We're all in this together. What we
do affects us all

The monsters are dragging us all ints Hell. I} it was
just a matter of not sinning, we could hide and wait for
rest of the word ts get its reward. But no, we haue ts
up and say "We're not all worthless, God! If you give us
the choice we can do the right thing! Well die te save the
world if that's what it takes

2 the bain ts Kamageddon
2 end of the world, one way

SS ue ens 3

a

}

Read

That's exactly what it takes

What will the new world be like? Better or worse than
this one, depending on what we choose. What else ds you
need to know?

Canty Be Savep!

We all have dowkls and des Yppatr, like I said. But when
you nead this and ask yourself if we can we save the world,
ifwe can we make the difference belucen Heaven and Hell
for our children, know that the answer i yes

Ws that simple. A choice. Make it. An

RevurninG v0 vie GaRDEH

There's no way to know howlong our crusade willlast.
Only God knows the number of demons in hiding. But we
must always keep one eye on the future, even as we fight
the enemy today. The time will come when we're victo-
rious, and we must be ready to meet new challenges in
the world we make

Once Satan has been beaten, our first task will be to
bring people together and preach the truth of the Lord
almighty. We must fortify their souls so that no demon
can ever find its way there again. We will have to take
steps to break down those institutions that the demons
have created to spread their taint. Books, videos, rap
music, anything that could corrupt the mind must be
thrown into the fire, and those who create such things
must be taught the error of their ways. As much as |
would like to say that we could cast aside our mantle of
responsibility once the war is won, the truth is that we will
be needed more than ever. There will be multitudes who

Sudaenart HM
ra J A

neuen give wp.

Se _ any:

nh
re)

y


will need our spiritual guidance. We must continue to
give freely of ourselves so that the New World will be
better than the one before.

We will cast aside the pursuit of technology, science
and commerce. Those paths lead human minds to secu-
lar beliefs, to arrogance and greed. We must teach the
importance of compassion and respect, to get people to
devote their lives to simple Godly pursuits. There must be
no room for serpents in the Eden we create.

Nor For Us, bur For THou

| just walked across the room to get a drink of water.
That doesn't sound like a big deal, unless you had most of
your right thigh torn apart by a demon. John didn't think
I'd be able to walk for a few more weeks, at least. But
anything is possible through faith. Praise the Lord.

John set fire to the guest house after we left. The
police are looking for me now, and we can't afford to be
caught. In time, they'll know the truth, but we can't stop

what we're doing to explain. Anyone who has ever
followed a higher calling was misunderstood at first.
Remember that when times look tough.

Belinda brought by her two nephews earlier. They
listened so well when | preached to them of the struggle
and our part in it. They were clearly frightened of the
truth and were hesitant to offer me their hands. When |
took them, | pledged my blood to theirs. My beliefs their
belief now. | scrawled the Sign of the Believer on their
foreheads in our blood and they stood still in awe. It
gave me such faith tosee them. They eventually agreed
to bring some of their friends by. Our army is growing a
little bit every day.

| can hear sirens pass on the street. They sound like
the pain of the world, echoing on and on. The red light
flashes through the windows like pulses of bright blood,
reminding me of my destiny.

The suffering of the Earth calls to me, and through my
ordeals will it be given new life.

Amen.



Woe is me for my hurt! my wound is grievous: but I said,
Truly this is a grief, and I must bear it.

— Jeremiah 10:19

A monstrous killer pulls a gun on a crowd. You're right there,
and you watch everyone scatter. They run for cover and even
make it before the killer begins shooting. You not only don't seek
cover, you move into the path of the bullet that's sure to come.

This is the greatest day of your life.

You are a Martyr.

The drive to risk life and limb, to give up comfort and
safety, to put it all on the line for others and for the greater
good, is not as common as we might like to think. Most of us
hunker down and survive when it comes down to it. Training
and the support of our peers can show us how to be heroes —
to save people from burning buildings, to negotiate with
killers, to rescue a hostage — but how many can actually do
such things on instinct? How many, without anyone backing
them up, without anyone watching, can still be heroes?

Martyrs can. Every time.

Finsy THINGS Firsy

To portray a Martyr, it's critical to understand the heroic
instinct. Youneed to know what it does —and doesn't — make
your character do. The cause your character pursues and the
actions that it inspires her to perform are far more important
toward defining herasa Martyr thanare any Traits or experience
points. Although every character is different, the following
inspirations for heroism help establish your Martyr's identity.

¢ Empathy Leads to Action: Martyrs act because they
don'thavea choice. Their eyes have been opened to the troubles
and suffering of the world, and they can't just sit back and do
nothing. Some become charged with holy vigor and jump at the
opportunity. Others gripe and wish they could let someone else
doit, but they all feel the pain around them andacttoend it. The
pain they see and feel is typically that of the victims of monstrous

attention — people haunted by mad spirits, fed upon by vam-
pires and stalked by the walking dead. Martyrs do feel sympathy
for some of the "other side," but mostly in the abstract. It's sad
that a young girl has become a killer. It's sadder that her friends
had to die by her hand. The Martyr may shed a tear for her when
he puts her down, but put her down he does.

* Sacrifice, not Suicide: The willingness to sacrifice is
the keystone to Martyr psychology, but it can be tricky. It's
too easy to think of these hunters as suicidal freaks leaping
into the jaws of death at the first opportunity. Except fora few
deranged extremists, that is not what martyrdom is about.
Martyrs sacrifice willingly, but for a purpose. They are pre-
pared to lay down their lives ifnecessary, but only if necessary.
When playing a Martyr, act with purpose. Jump in harm's
way to save another, but to stop a tragedy, not just for kicks.
Getting yourself killed for nothing just leaves the world to
those unwilling to do what needs to be done.

¢ Pain Is a Symbol, Not a Goal: The flip side of the
previous point is that many Martyrs do have a masochistic
tendency. In extreme cases, it can be disturbing and danger-
ous, but for most it's much more akin toan athletic experience.
After a tough workout or a good game, people feel aches and
pains (or have bumps and bruises) and can look on them as
badges of honor. These injuries are proof that they "played
hard." Martyrs see their wounds and suffering in a similar
light, as evidence that they're doing what's needed. They
look at their scars, at the trials they've left behind, and feel
joy at the evidence of their commitment to the cause.

¢ Recognition... or Not: Martyrs generally don't expect
thanks for what they do, but that doesn't mean they don't
welcome such expressions. Appreciation or even simple
acknowledgement of the sacrifices they make can be a tremen-
dous reward precisely because it's unexpected. The most well

a =


adjusted Martyrs associate with other hunters who do appreci-
ate them (without deifying them), and thus remain grounded.
Other Martyrs can dip into total cynicism (ultimately deciding
that lack of recognition means no one is worth saving) or
megalomania (as recognition becomes addictive and the hunter
seeks out worshipers instead of allies).

© There's Hope, Stupid: To extrapolate from that last
point, Martyrs hope for recognition not so much for how it
makes them feel, but forhow itcan inspire others. Martyrs realize
just how screwed up the world is, but also know that a better
tomorrow is possible if people will do what it takes today. Martyrs

go to extremes to show — not just tell — that to others.

Cuaracrer GRATION
ano Devetormenr

People willing to sacrifice for what they think is important
aren't new to the world. Nor are they unique to the imbued. The
devoted have always given of themselves in life; it's their nature and
they can't stop it now that the scales have fallen from their eyes.
Perhaps the only question of how the imbuing changes a Martyr is
how far is he willing to go for a cause now, compared to how far he
was willing to go before. There may not be that much difference.

New Arcusryer

The following Trait can be added to your game as a Nature
or Demeanor. It's particularly appropriate to Martyrs.

Masocuisy

The Masochist feels that he needs to suffer, either as
punishment for his failings or as a symbol of his own dedica-
tion. This belief is so central to his character that pain is tied
to pleasure and si ction. Something accomplished without
suffering feels hollow, while even pointless self-mutilation has
an associated rush. Masochism often has sexual overtones and
can lead a Martyr into a sadomasochistic, bondage-and-disci-
pline scene. But that isn't always the case. In fact, pain need
not be physical — a person who constantly does anything
unpleasant because he craves it flirts with masochism.

— Regain Willpower whenever you suffer grievous
harm while accomplishing a goal important to your cause.
The Storyteller can reward you with Willpower for suffering
emotional trauma, as well.

Pretudes

The imbuing changes everything. Or does it? For most
devoted, the seeds of their battle against the monsters of the
world lie in the average, normal lives they led before having
their eyes opened. Certainly, the shock of seeing a zombie
and realizing that these things are everywhere might trans-
forma raging egomaniac intoaself-sacrificing Martyr idealist,
but generally the imbuing is only the culmination of a trend
that's been going on for years in your character's life.

Berore You Were Yesre

Each hunter is different, but the following elements are
particularly appropriate to the normal lives of Martyrs. You
or the Storyteller may want to introduce some into your
prelude, or at least think about these things as means of
defining your character's identity.

¢ Examples, Good and Bad: People don't develop moral
codes in a vacuum. Martyrs, who have so deep a sense of right
and wrong that they're ready to die for it, typically leamed from

Cause ano EFtecr

One of the key elements that distinguishes Martyrs —
or most of them — from the bulk of other imbued is their
dedication to a personal cause or crusade of some sort. The
psychological key toa Martyris the willingness tosuffer, even
die, for something. A personal cause is that something.

For some, this cause is very specific and even small-
scale — defeating the monster faced at the imbuing,
uncovering the person who killed a loved one, freeing a
blood-slave from a vampire. For others, the cause is larger
and more nebulous — laying all ghosts to rest, freeing a
city from the monsters within. Regardless of the scale of
the crusade, it's always an arduous task that will take years J
of struggle, at best. A few hunts do not end a crusade.

When creating a Martyr character, choose a cause for
her. If you want to play a militant or idealist, fired with a
holy mission, make that cause grandiose. If you want to
play an Average Joe who just can't let suffering continue
unchallenged — the typical reluctant Martyr —choose a
small, personal cause. Militants and idealists wear a cause
like a uniform, talking about it all the time and seeing
everything through its filter. Reluctants are more guarded
about their drives, pursuing their crusades quietly without
drawing a lot of attention. It's personal, after all.

other notably moral — or immoral — people. An inspiring
teacher or preacher, a mother who raised her kids right on mean
city streets, a friend who was willing to do the right thing when
the time came — they're all likely candidates. Conversely, a
corrupt sibling, an abusive father or a betraying "friend" may
have taught your character what not to be (which may mean he
assumes that no one else is as moral as he is). Either way, your
Martyr is the inheritor of morality from those who shaped him.

© Hints of a Cause: Justasa Martyr's overall morality should
derive from her origins, so should any specific cause to which she
commits herself. Although the exact nature of the cause might
notbecome obviousuntil the imbuing oreven later (see the Cause
and Effect sidebar), you should plant the seed in the prelude. One
of the tested who has focused on uncovering the monstrous
manipulators of a city might have fought corruption (or been a
victim of it) before being chosen. One hunting an insane warlock
may have worked in mental health care prior to her imbuing.

¢ Sins to Atone for: "Good enough" is not part of
Martyrs' vocabulary. They drive themselves past the point of
human endurance, sacrifice everything and jump in harm's
way time and time again. Dedication, fanaticism and moral-
ity all help explain this reckless disregard for personal safety,
but for many devoted the overriding emotion is guilt. If they
don't go all out, terrible things will happen... again. The sins
a Martyr feels guilty about can be terrible (say, killing a loved
one in anger or when drunk) or might be imaginary (like not
having paid enough attention to a now-deceased relative),
but your character must feel that they are real. The rest of his
life becomes a crusade to make up for them.

© Lonely in a Crowd: Martyrs have a nebulous relation-
ship with others. On one hand, they empathize with everyone's
pain and are always willing to help out. On the other hand,
they never think to ask others for assistance, because Martyrs
ultimately don't trust people to make the sacrifices needed.
This dichotomy is most evident in the extreme circumstances
of the hunt, but it is often a theme to a Martyr's previous life.


She may have been the one at the office who always worked
late to get a project out on time, telling others to go ahead and
get a beer; she'd take care of the last-minute details. She may
have put aside her dreams to raise her kids, never expecting or
getting their thanks. The hunt is just one more cross to bear.

Te Ieuine

Depending on your style of play, you or your Storyteller may
determine the specifics of your character's imbuing. Either way,
you should both give some thought to how those events shape
your hunter's outlook. This event is his first contact with the
monstrous world, and first impressions are very important. Your
character will always look back on his imbuing as the event that
changed his life, regardless of what triumphs or tragedies may
follow it. Consider the following elements of a typical Martyr
imbuing to make your character's as compelling as it is haunting.

Life and Limb: The imbuing is never easy, but a
Martyr's is often downright terrifying. The tested learn quickly
that this new world is very dangerous and requires total
dedication. Martyr imbuings often feature overwhelming odds
—a whole pack of beasts, for example — and the new hunter
often triumphs (or escapes) by the thinnest of margins. Typi-
cally, he suffers grievous injury and others nearby die.

* Close to Home: Not only are Martyr imbuings terrify-
ing, they usually affect the new hunter very personally. The
monsters reach out and harm something very close to your
character — killing or enslaving his family, or destroying his
home. This attack is often as much psychological as physical.
A hunter whose wife is torn limb from limb by a beast is likely
to become an Avenger or Defender. One who unwittingly
watches his wife become a vampire's blood slave, and is then
betrayed by her while trying to save her, isready to be a Martyr.

© A Choice of Pains: Sacrifice is not suffering itself, it's
the choice to suffer. Martyr imbuings always feature such a
choice. The awakening hunter gets a chance to escape, to
turn and run, but puts himself in harm's way instead. Ulti-
mately, the guilt of running would be worse than the physical
pain of facing some otherworldly monstrosity.

Lighting the Flame: Just as a Martyr's personal cause
should have seeds in his mundane life, it should come alive
during his imbuing. The imbuing is the seminal event in his
new life and it should fire him with a passion that can carry him
through the nights to come. Typically, the Martyr becomes
aware of the problem that will be his life's work. He may see the
mission clearly right away (tangling with a powerful rot who
will be his nemesis) or catch only the first glimpse of his cause
(facing a homicidal ghost who ultimately leads him to uncover
the slaughter of various defenseless victims).

© Inspiration: Most of the devoted don't like to talk about
it, but they don't consider themselves to act alone. By doing
what's right, they hope to inspire others to do the same. This
idea is often born during the imbuing, when the Martyr is able
to inspire others around him to act in the face of overwhelming
odds. By putting his own life on the line, he gets others to either
help or get themselves to safety. They may or may not acknowl-
edge his heroism in the aftermath, but he never forgets that
others do respond to someone willing to do what it takes.

Canes

Hunter: The Reckoning uses creeds as a handy shortcut
of general character identifiers and preferences. They exist
primarily to allow you— the player— to geta handle on your
character quickly. In the fictional World of Darkness, the

CHAPTER 5:NEWR

creeds are only rough trends of association and common
thought. Martyrs, Avengers and Visionaries only begin to
recognize each other as such because of common beliefs.

Camps among Martyrs are even more nebulous than the
creed itself. They comprise trends and stereotypes among the
devoted defined as aids for you. They're not recognizable
factions for characters. Individual tested might clearly be within
one camp or another — Joan296 is clearly an idealist, for
example — but they may also straddle divisions. In fact, most
Martyrs evolve throughout their careers and move from camp to
camp as their outlooks change. Use these identity types and
their descriptions as tools to help you understand your charac-
ter, not as exclusive options from which you must choose.

Miuivanr

The "purest" of all Martyrs, militants identify with a cause
and give it their all. Just what that mission is varies from
militant to militant, but they are all convinced of its primacy.
Doubts about the path they have chosen are few and far
between. As a hunter gets more and more caught up in the
cause, extreme behavior becomes very likely. Sacrifices must
be made and the militant is ready to make them.

Views on the Hunt: The hunt writ large means relatively
little to militant Martyrs. They do not spend a lot of time
thinking about saving the world as a whole. Instead, they
experience a type of tunnel vision and see only their own
crusade. Most are aware of larger issues on a theoretical level —
by reading hunter-net or simply by deducing that all of human-
ity is as fucked up as the part they see. But in practice, they judge
everything against their cause. Appeals for help that distract
from the mission aggravate them, even though they often can't
ignore these requests — at least, not until a chosen crusade
creeps into sheer obsession. Ultimately, militants wish to inspire
others through their own dedication — thus showing both the
importance of their cause and the power of their determination.

Sacrifices: Militants make ample sacrifices, both know-
inglyandunwittingly. Toadvance theircause, militants willingly
risk their lives, suffer grave injury, drain their bank accountsand
see almost anything they care about destroyed. In fact, militants
typically have to struggle against the tendency to over-sacrifice;
often with the help of other hunters, they learn to pick their
battles and save the greatest sacrifices for the greatest contests.
Most militants are aware (sometimes dimly, sometimes overtly)
that they will ultimately lay down their lives for the cause. In the
process, militants also sacrifice most of the normal parts of their
lives—they cut ties to family, leave their jobs and forego simple
pleasures, which they seem to feel they do not deserve. Some-
times, the hunter's sanity is not far behind.

Appropriate Archetypes: Militants often have Natures
that reflect their absolute dedication to their personal causes.
Fanatic is the most appropriate, but others like Architect,
Director, Masochist, Penitent and Perfectionist are also
good choices. Militants tend not to hide their true selves very
well, and so have Demeanors largely in line with their
Natures. Those who put a joyous spin on their martyrdom
may have the Celebrant Demeanor.

Possible Traits: Drive characterizes militants. Although
Attributes such as Stamina and Charisma can be useful for them
(as they can for other Martyrs), all members of the camp have
Willpower in ample supply. Mercy and Zeal usually stay neck and
neck as a character's main Virtues, with Vision a distant third.
Popular edges (beyond those from Martyrdom) include Ward
(Defense), Bluster (Redemption) and Cleave (Vengeance).

a


Possible Future: Barring a true catharsis, a militant
Martyr never relinquishes her causes until she feels they have
been resolved (avery unlikely occurrence). Militantsare thus
the most likely devoted to lay down their lives early in their
hunter careers. Those who survive long enough often be-
come alienated from people and imbued alike, bear multiple
derangements and seek their fate alone. Those militants who
survive and remain sane make inroads with other hunters
early on, often reluctant or idealist Martyrs who understand
their drives but who bring much-needed perspective.
Retucranr

Reluctant Martyrs are hunters despite themselves, who go
into the night because they believe noone else will. They don't
really think in terms of specific causes, but instead react to a
situation they can't just stand by and watch. Their fondest
wish is to be able to put aside the hunt and lead a normal life,
but it's just too obvious that they need to get involved.
Reluctant Martyrs won't — or can't — trust others to get the
job done; they've been disappointed too often in normal life.

Views on the Hunt: Reluctant Martyrs tell themselves
that the hunt is something they do because they have to. They
don't hold up the banner of a specific cause like a militant or
try to build bridges like an idealist. They just do what they have
to do, because no one else seems able to. And yet, deep inside
they get off on being the "only one good enough for the job."
They wear their suffering like a quiet badge of honor, taking on
task after task and never complaining about their lot—at least
not directly. They happily go on about how others can't seem
to do what any rational person should see needs to be done.

Sacrifices: Reluctant Martyrs are conscious — perhaps
over-conscious — of every sacrifice they make. Not as extreme
as militants, they nonetheless invest effort after effort in a cause
they feel is ultimately doomed — and are constantly frustrated
that others do not. As they get more frustrated, reluctant
Martyrs may enumerate their sacrifices, counting each one as a
point in their favor — and against the rest of the world.

Appropriate Archetypes: Reluctant Martyrs are the most
likely to have conflicting Natures and Demeanors. Many appear
bitter and angry — with Demeanors like Autocrat, Bravo or
Curmudgeon — but hide proverbial hearts of gold (or at least a
strong moral core) — that is, Natures such as Caregiver or
Director. On the other hand, the reverse dichotomy is possible:
a bitter core seething under a pleasant facade.

Possible Traits: No Attributes or Abilities are especially
appropriate for reluctant Martyrs, although they tend to have
been accomplished in their chosen fields before the imbuing.
After all, someone needed to be. Hence their belief that they
are the most qualified now. Mercy remains the leading Virtue,
tempered by Zeal and Vision in roughly equal measures. Apart
from Martyrdom, Judgment edges are popular.

Possible Future: Under normal circumstances, a reluc-
tant Martyr could spend her whole life being pessimistic
about others and taking on more than her fair share of
whatever she's involved in. Indeed, she has probably been
doing so for years. The hunt, however, is far from a normal
circumstance. In it, a reluctant position is not tenable in the
long term. Two paths are open to these Martyrs. They either
learn to trust others, or they become so cynical as to self-
destruct. Trust is the hardest thing for a reluctant Martyr to
find, and it takes a true catharsis —a painful and spectacular
personal failure due to not having trusted another hunter, for
example — to make the lesson stick. Your character is

unfortunately likely to become more and more bitter until
she abandons the cause altogether — what's the point, right?
— or she destroys herself in a final, futile sacrifice.

Ieauisr

Idealist Martyrs don't think of themselves as more self-
sacrificing than anyone else involved in the hunt. They
believe that all imbued are martyrs (small "m"), because of
the choices all have had to make to join the cause. If no one
was willing to lay down her life, no one would be chosen.
Idealists wish the rest of the imbued community understood
this. Perhaps then they could work together.

Views on the Hunt: Idealists believe that all hunters are
heroes already — they've sacrificed their old lives, their blissful
ignorance, to the cause of making the world right. Because of this
belief, conflicts and rivalries among the imbued are anathema to
idealist Martyrs. They do everything they can to help hunters get
along and cooperate toward common goals. They cultivate
friendships with hunters following other creeds, although they
always see matters in light of the sacrifices an imbued is willing to
make — whether by a Martyr, Defender, Avenger or whomever.

Sacrifices: Idealists sacrifice largely in silence, hoping to
show the way by stoic example. Because many of their efforts
concentrate on building bridges between the imbued, that's
the venue in which their martyrdom expresses itself. The
idealist constantly takes on more and more in the interest of
others gettingalong. He takes the blame fora rowdy Avenger's

Came v0 Came

Anindividual Martyr may or may not stay in the same
camp throughout her imbued career. Most start out, toone
degree or another, as reluctant. The imbuing makes clear
they have to do something about the state of the world, but
they still cling to the lives they knew before. They'd rather
be home working on the car or going out with friends. As.
hunt succeeds hunt, as they encounter a variety of mon-
sters — some truly evil, others almost pitiable — as they
meet other hunters, the mission becomes more and more
important. Slowly, the reluctant switch to other camps.

Those who embrace their own cause above all others,
who find evidence in the hidden world that theirs is the
right way, become militants. Those who discover a wider
struggle, one with larger implications, become idealists.
Which path an individual Martyr takes depends ona wide
variety of factors, of course — your character's own incli-
nations, the types of monsters she faces, the legitimacy of
her own beliefs. The most important factor, however, is
herdealings with other imbued. Individuals who can build
solid relationships with fellow hunters are much more
likely to see the mission as a large cause that includes all
participants, and thus become idealists. Ones who remain
alienated from others or who deal only with hard-cases
likely conclude that they can depend only on themselves
or must show others the "way" and so become militants.

The path from reluctant to either idealist or militant
is perhaps the most common path among the devoted. A
significant minority starts off in one of the other camps,
or even stays in the same camp for life. Trauma, the help
of fellow imbued or any number of other factors can
create a shift of outlook that goes against the majority.
When making decisions for your Martyr, go with what
makes sense for her as an individual.


outburst, does the killing for a squeamish Innocent and in-
dulges a delusional Visionary — anything to preserve unity,
evenat the cost of his own well-being (and ultimately his life).
Appropriate Archetypes: Idealists, like militants, typically
have little to hide. Natures and Demeanors are often in relative
harmony, although the public shell is usually softer than the moral
core. Common Demeanors include Caregiver and Dreamer,
while Natures tend toward Architect, Director or Perfectionist.
Possible Traits: Social Attributesand socially useful Abili-
ties such as Empathy, Etiquette, Expression and Leadership are
very common. Vision comes second only to Mercy in terms of
Virtues, with Visionary and Redemption edges popular.
Possible Future: The idealist position among the imbued
is critical, but difficult to maintain. Only if other hunters take
amoment to realize what a Martyr does for them can this stance
offer enough reward — such as peer recognition — to remain
psychologically tenable. More likely, the hunter destroys herself
in the interests of cooperation, or she reaches a breaking point
and focuses on herself and her own beliefs over those of others
and joins the militants in their righteous determination.

Tue High Price of Gommirmeny

The Martyr's lot is not an easy one. They throw them-
selves in harm's way as a matter of course, armed only with
the determination that they have to do so — that if they
don't, no one else will. This drive is very much a double-
edged sword, both highly heroic and ultimately
self-destructive. All tested walk a fine line between these two
extremes. Those who can't usually burn out quickly, inspir-

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

ing another story ofa suicidal masochist. Those who carry on
are the true core of the cr:

Spending Convicr ion

Martyrs are the imbued most willing to give the hunt their
all — they regularly emerge wounded, battered and bruised from
forays into the night. Risking their lives is not unusual — it's
expected. When playing a Martyr, you need not hesitate to risk
her Conviction. As long as the action is part of her cause (even
loosely), she can put her all into every act. As she fails and
succeeds at various edge-related tasks, her Conviction fluctuates,
reflecting her own personal struggle to remain true to the cause.

The question of whether to "cash in" 10 Conviction for a
Virtue increase isa little more delicate. Conviction points grant
the ability to face the horrors of the mission in the short term.
Virtues represent the dedication to do so over the long haul.
Generally, you should cash in for a Virtue increase — and a
possible new edge — but keep in mind that this means your
Martyr becomes more deeply entrenched in his cause. If things
are not going well, you may want to hold onto Conviction as
your character clings to short-term courage over long-term
dedication. Or you might want to raise a Virtue other than
Mercy to reflect the difficulties your character faces — such as
the Zeal that comes from seeing friends killed by monsters.

Recaininc Convicr ion

Martyrs regain most of their Conviction by risking it on
edge-related rolls, but there are other circumstances that can
raise Conviction (or even lower it). For Martyrs, the key is that
they must believe that the hunt is worth the sacrifice. Unlike
some other creed members, Martyrs regain Conviction when


HUNTERBOOK: MART YR

confronted by truly horrific odds and hopeless situations, be-
cause these prove that laying down their lives is necessary. The
following actions apply specifically to Martyrs. Each act should
confer only one point of Conviction per session; multiple acts in
the same chapter might still convey only a single point.

¢ Gain a point of Conviction if your Martyr suffers
grievous injury (three levels of bashing or one level of lethal
damage) while preventing a monster from accomplishing
something that conflicts directly with your character's cause.

Gain a point of Conviction if your Martyr inspires another
— imbued or not — to champion her personal cause asa priority.

© Gain a point of Conviction if your Martyr narrowly
survives an encounter against truly overwhelming odds.

© Gain a point of Conviction if your Martyr reaches a
major milestone in his personal cause —such as defeating the
vampire who killed his wife.

© (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction if your Martyr
suffers grievous injury and fails to prevent a monster from
accomplishing something detrimental to your character's cause.

* (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction if another
person turns away from your Martyr's cause.

Tit Price oF EXTRAORDINARY WinvUE

Like all other hunters, as Martyrs become more experi-
enced and dedicated, they become more and more alienated
from their everyday lives before the imbuing. As your character's
Virtues rise, her priorities shift and the concerns that once
seemed so paramount fall by the wayside. Relating to others who
aren't as dedicated can therefore become increasingly difficult.

Once a Virtue rises to 7 or higher, your character displays
marked psychological problems. In game terms, these manifest
as derangements (see below and Hunter: The Reckoning, p.
203). Even before then, however, some Martyrs experience
symptoms of their increased "dedication." These lesser ail-
mentsare optional and should be introduced only asappropriate.

© Damaged Goods: By the time they reach 5 Mercy, most
Martyrs have had numerous brushes with death, and they bear the
physical and psychological scars of these encounters. Beyond
various bruises and reset bones, they also bear the aura of one who
has suffered. They may mutter about aches and discomfort, get a
faraway look at odd times or react irritably to casual references to
pain. Whatever the specific symptoms, others gradually pick up
on them and become ill at ease. The difficulties of your Intimida-
tionrollsare reduced by one, but yousuffera +1 difficulty on Social
rolls when your character tries to put others at ease.

© Reckless Abandon: By the time they reach 6 Mercy,
most of the devoted have survived enough dangers that their
sense of what is and isn't a serious threat is skewed. A mugger
with a gun, although deadly, just isn't worth worrying about.
When faced with such a "lesser" danger, your character seems
preternaturally calm, even detached or bored. The difficulties
ofall rolls to resist Intimidation or panic in such circumstances
are reduced by one, but you suffer a +1 difficulty on all rolls
when your character tries to warn or help others against a
danger he doesn't take seriously. People around your Martyr
may also become nervous, including the mugger with the gun.

Derancemenrs

The following derangements are particularly appropri-
ate to high-Virtue Martyrs. Many of those in Hunter: The
Reckoning are also good choices, especially Paranoia and
Obsessive/ Compulsive.

<a ~

Treatment of derangements, whether Virtue- or trauma-
induced, might be possible. For Martyrs, it typically means
recognizing that a hunter isn't alone and that others can support
a cause, too. Such realization might occur when other imbued
succeed at an effort where a Martyr herself fails. Ailments can also
be alleviated when support or love from others actually improves
a Martyr's estimation of her own worth, convincing her that she
doesn't harm or abuse. Fulfilling causes — or at least
achieving significant victories along the way —can also undo the
damage that the rigors of the hunt inflict. Of course, lots of
Willpower could be spent over the course of the chronicle to
actively overcome dementia, too. There are no hard-and-fast
rules for alleviating derangements. Only roleplaying, character
developmentand Storyteller discretion can tell. Even then, high-
Virtue-induced derangements might not be cured at all.

Sapisw

After suffering so much for the cause and for others, your
character decides to return some of that pain in kind. Whenever
the opportunity comes up, he makes a victim suffer a variety of
agonies for as long as he can get away with it. The sadist's first
victim is usually a monster — it's easy to justify torturing a
vampire who has been abusing street people for years. Slowly but
surely, however, sadistic behavior spreads to dealings with other
hunters and even defenseless people. In social situations, your
Martyr points out flaws and attacks weak spots for the sheer fun
of it. Any intimate relations he may still have become less and
less loving and increasingly more torturous.

You can spend point of Willpower for your character to
suppress sadistic urges for a scene, but the need to cause pain
builds up until released. The Storyteller can also allow you to
make a Mercy roll (difficulty 8) to resist inflicting pain on
someone your character truly cares for, such as a close friend of
lover. When you're ready to increase a Virtue, the Storyteller
may also rule that you must cash in 10 Conviction on Zeal if
that Trait is significantly lower than your character's Mercy.

Setr-Muritarion

A Martyr who indulges in self-mutilation has become so
dependent on her own suffering that she must inflict it herself to
keep going. She may empathize with the suffering of monsters'
victims so strongly that she feels she too must suffer at all times.
Or she may feel that she has to punish herself for not doing
enough, not giving enough to the cause. Whenever she's alone,
your character inflicts pain upon herself. Generally, this is rela-
tively mild, such as snapping elastics against her skin or biting her
nails past the quick. But when something hits especially close to
home, your hunterstarts to bum herself with cigarettes, cut herself
with knives or razors, or do any number of other things. The
Storyteller should determine if wound penalties are in order.

When choosing this derangement, you and Storyteller
should agree on what type of events motivate extreme mutila-
tions. Common triggers include reversals ina cause, defenseless
people suffering and fellow imbued getting hurt.

You can spend Willpower for your character to suppress
the urge for self-mutilation for a scene, but the craving
returns all the more powerful later. Those around your
hunter eventually notice self-mutilation, although the Sto-
ryteller may allow you to roll Wits + Subterfuge for your
character to hide the most obvious signs of her behavior.

Your Time Has Come

For Martyrs, the ultimate price of commitment is their
lives. They all believe, to one extent or another, that they


live on borrowed time — the Grim Reaper will collect soon
enough. It's therefore important that you and your Story-
teller give some serious thought to your character's death.
Other players (with characters from other creeds) don't
really need to look that far ahead, but you do.

There are essentially three possibilities for your
character's death, and each has its own implications. These
aren't choices — you don't know how your character will die
— just possibilities you can think about.

Gur oF rHe Bie

The most "natural" way foracharacter tobe retired to various
chronicle notes and old war-stories is through a roll of the dice. A
werewolf rears back and swipes at your character, the Storyteller
rolls to hit, you botch your dodge roll and mark off all your
remaining damage levels — and then some. Ker-splat! That's it.

It may not seem dramatic, but there's nothing wrong
with a character dying when least expected. In fact, that's the
most "realistic" option — in life, few people anticipate the
moment of their death. If you're ready for it, it can be very
interesting, dramatically.

There's obviously no buildup to a sudden death (or else it
wouldn'tbesudden), but youand the Storytellershould cooperate
on the aftermath. Obviously, the other players' characters react
and may seek justice for their fallen comrade, but what about the
various Storyteller characters you've built up? Do you have dots
in Allies, Bystanders, Contacts or Mentor? How do those people
react? What about the wife or sister your character leaves behind?
How do they learn about his death? What cover story is dressed
up around his demise? Are there loose ends that need to be tied
up? You could even use these loose ends to introduce and develop

anew character to play. Maybe a minor character gets upgraded,
or a new person enters the picture at the funeral.
An Arrorniays EnD

You and the Storyteller can also put some work into planing

your character's death, allowing you both to use narrative tricks to
build toward it. First, decide what the circumstances of the death
willbe. The most obvious choice isfor your character to die fulfilling
his cause: in a final battle with the vampire he's been hunting, for
example. This method allows your hunter to die victorious and go
to his final reward, whatever that may be. You can also be more
cynical and agree to have your Martyr die with the cause still
ongoing. This may be a heroic end in which your character dies to
achieve asmall victory, ot (for players looking for dark storytelling)
a pointless death in which the cause isn't served at all.
Whatever circumstances you choose, knowing what'scom-
ing means the Storyteller can foreshadow it all. She may have
your character experience premonitions of his death or intro-
duce the killer early so you recognize him, but your character
doesn't. When the time of death approaches, the Storyteller
may say that your character feels his time has come and gains a
stoic courage — a classic bit of fatalism from heroic fiction.
Traditionalist Storytellers may fear that your knowledge of the
circumstances of your character's death will take away from the
danger ofall other events. Won't your character be invincible until
the time comes? Well, not necessarily. There's nothing that
prevents the Storyteller form letting a character die before the
appointed time if you do something silly. Also, a skilled Storyteller
can think ofall kinds of unpleasantness that doesn't involve death.

Cueareo!

The final option for your character's death is no death at
all. What happens when a character senses he's going to die
for his cause, but ends up surviving? Dramatically, this can be

a very interesting option. Your character can go through a
variety of reactions, from deep despair to a reinvigorated
sense of purpose. He might feel he has been released from his
obligations, or he might seek a new cause.

This option should be cooperative between you and the
Storyteller. If you've focused on getting your Martyr to an
appropriate death and have it taken away, you may be less than
pleased. On the other hand, knowing well ahead of time that
an expected death won't materialize steals all the drama from
the event. A good compromise is for the Storyteller to take you
aside at the point of death and give you a choice: Do you want
your character to die or survive? Survival should have a very
high price: the redefinition of your character's newfound life.

EDGES

All hunters face the risk of becoming consumed by their
pursuit of the enemy, but none lose themselves so completely to
the struggle as Martyrs, who by their very nature sacrifice body,
mind and soul to further the causes they believe in. This absolute
dedication seems to have spurred certain among the devoted to
develop edges not commonly found among many devoted, r
flecting unique responses to situations that only the truly selfle:
could devise. Asdescriptions and examples of these new capabili
ties become more commonly discussed among the imbued, it's
possible that others among the tested (and members of other
creeds as well) will come to exhibit these same capabilities.

While many of these Edges convey considerable power to
their wielder, it's important to point out that the source of a
Martyr's strength is her willingness to sacrifice herself to some
degree. Many of these new powers exact a proportionate price
from the hunter who uses them. Fora true Martyr, though health
and long life are meaningless compared to the needs of a crusade.

© Proecr

Martyrs are driven passionately by their beliefs. Funda-
mental certainty in the righteousness of a cause (whatever
that may be) can allow them to face even the most desperate
odds without fear or hesitation. Through Project, a Martyr's
determination virtually exudes from his body in a display
that most monsters are loath to face.

A Martyr may use this edge when he is confronted by
enemies that stand between him and the furtherance of his
cause. Dedicated describe it as wearing their hearts on their
sleeves, virtually projecting the vigor for their mission as a
palpable force. A Martyr's determined, focused appearance
can't be ignored. As a result, monsters' uncertainty or fear is
compounded in the Martyr's presence, making it difficult for
creatures to impede or attack the hunter. Normal people and
other imbued also sense the Martyr's intensity but are not
unduly affected by it except perhaps in a social capacity.

System: Roll Mercy + Appearance, difficulty 6. Your char-
acter must spend one action to bring his determination to bear in
agrimace, glower or other display. No monster who can see your
character may attack or otherwise interact with him (neither
physically or with supernatural powers, but perhaps not even
conversationally) during the scene, unless it achieves a greater
number of successesona Willpower roll, difficulty 6. Ifa monster's
Willpower roll fails, the Storyteller may spend a Willpower point
toallowitanotherroll toresist ina subsequent tum. Note that this
edge applies only to your character, and doesnot limita monster's
movement or actions in any other way or against anyone else.
Thus, monsters can see and might follow your hunter; they just


can't interfere with him unless their will overcomes his presence.
If any one creature successfully resists this power and interferes
with your character, the edge ceases to function and cannot be
activated again for the remainder of the scene. Similarly, this
power fails if your character becomes Incapacitated.

The Storyteller may rule that a particularly powerful or
ancient monster is unaffected by this edge.

People and other hunters can't mistake your character's
intensity, even if they don't understand its nature. All Social
rolls made for your character are at +2 difficulty. Others whoalso
pursue your cause are not subject to this modifier. The effects of
this edge cannot be conferred to other people, hunters or
monsters to allow them to convey an intimidating intensity.

© © Revetarion

Martyrs, as victims of pain and suffering, can empathize with
monstrous existence. Many of the dedicated even try to reach
some sort of understanding of monster motives and desires. The
path of Mercy does not allow the same remorseless liberty that
Zeal does, and Martyrs often agonize over the necessity of destroy-
ing a creature unless the act is absolutely justified. Even then,
killing can haunt a Martyr till the end of her days. Many of the
devoted walk a razor's edge between compassion and aggression,
suffering pangs of guiltno matter what course they take. This edge
appears to have manifested from an effort to better understand
whethera creature deserves destruction, and so spare the Martyr's
soul to some degree. The dedicated tend to explain this capability
in terms of mutual understanding — between tested and monster
— ina harsh world.

System: Spend one Conviction point. Your character
must spend an action making eye contact with a monster to

use this edge. Roll Mercy + Wits, difficulty 6. If successful,
your hunter can sense what a single monster thinks and feels
at that moment. Unlike the Witness edge, Revelation allows
the hunter insight into the thoughts and feelings that are at
the forefront of the subject's mind at the instant of use only.

One success allows your character to sense a monster's
current emotional state (anger, fear, sadness). Two successes
reveal the monster's immediate intentions (the creature isafraid
and needs to talk to someone). Three successes provide more
specific detail about the monster's thoughts (the monster is
afraid because someone tried to sneak into its lair, and it needs
totell someone named Albert about the problem). Four or more
successes give your character a glimpse of the monster's thoughts
in considerable detail, providing insight into its objectives (the
monster wants Albert to find whomever entered its lair and
makean example of them). Note that you and your character are
left to draw your own conclusions based on what's perceived in
the monster's thoughts, which might be very straightforward or
baffling out of context (using this edge is akin to finding a
snapshot on the sidewalk and trying to make sense of what's
going on in the picture based strictly on what's visible).

This sensitivity to the monstrous mind is not one-way.
Acreature is capable of glimpsing the user's thoughts, as well.
The Storyteller can make a Wits roll for the monster, with a
difficulty equal to your character rating. The crea-
ture may sense the imbued's immediate thoughts and feelings,
gaining greater detail through increasing successes.

An empathizing hunter runs the risk of being over-
whelmed by a monster's intense hungers and passions. If the
creature is in the grip of a potent emotion at the moment this
edge is used (a vampire's frenzied hunger for blood or


shapeshifter's berserk rage), the feelings overcome your
Martyr. For more detailed explanation of such frenzies, refer
to the Hunter Storytellers Companion. Make a Willpower
roll, difficulty 7. If it fails, your character turns on the nearest
person, friend or foe, and attacks with his bare hands. If you
botch your Willpower roll, your character suffers an appro-
priate derangement, whether temporary or permanent, as
determined by the situation and the Storyteller. Make an-
other Willpower roll in each subsequent turn for your
character to regain his senses after going berserk, or you may
spend a Willpower point to recover immediately.

This edge can be used on the same subject only once perscene;
repeated efforts have no effect. It does not allow your character to
sense the thoughts and feelings of other hunters or people.

© Tnrucr

For some hunters on the path of Mercy, the act of killing
another being is almost too difficult to bear. They see their
condition as little different from monsters' and cannot justify
committing violence in order to prevent similar acts. This
inner conflict seems to have led to the creation of Inflict, an
edge that turns a person or monster's violent acts back upon
it, causing it to suffer the same harm it imposes (though the
Martyr paysa price, as well). Some of the devoted believe this
shared harm is the karmic cost of a malicious existence.
Others believe their personal causes are so compelling that
harm is done to those who would interfere.

System: Spend one Conviction point. Your character must
devote an action to activating this power, perhaps warming crea-
tures that whatever harm they inflict will be returned, or pleading
that creatures not attack for fear of them being hurt in turn.

Once this edge is activated, any physical damage inflicted
upon your character in hand-to-hand combat or Melee is
conferred back on the attacker, as well. Both bashing and
lethal attacks are reflected. You and the attacker soak damage
and/ or apply armor against the attack separately. This edge
applies to physical attacks from anyone, other people and
hunters included. Note that this power has no effect on ranged
attacks whatsoever, not even spells cast by warlocks. This
effect continues for the remainder of the current scene or until
the Martyr cancels the edge or he becomes Incapacitated.

Example: Anon52 fights a bloodsucker and activates Inflict.
The monster hits Anon with its claws and causes four levels of
lethal damage. Both hunter and vampire suffer this damage and
attempt to soak separately, if possible.

Conviction can be risked with use of this edge on any single
soak roll made when damage is incurred and "reflected." If lethal
damage is suffered and you can't make a soak roll against it,
Conviction cannot be risked against that damage, either.

The effects of this edge cannot be conferred onto another
subject to make her "reflect" any damage suffered.

oo oe Oren

The twin passions of sympathy and guilt drive Martyrs
relentlessly, forcing them to acts of near-suicidal selflessness in an
attempt to atone for the world's suffering. There is no greater gift
that these hunters can give than to share of their own vitali
taking on the pain and heartache of others for the sake of the
cause. Through use of this edge, a Martyr may heal other people
by literally absorbing their injuries into himself, enduring pain so
that others may carry on unharmed. The effects of this power do
not usually manifest outwardly; the damage accepted by the
Martyr manifests as internal bleeding and trauma. There have
been cases of fanatically religious individuals expressing their

injuries in classic examples of stigmata, bleeding from palms,
forehead and side, however. For many devoted, this edge is
absolute proof of the importance of the cause — the mission
assumes such significance that it virtually takes physical form.

System: Your character must make physical contact with
the subject. Roll Mercy + Stamina, difficulty 6, and spend two
Conviction points. If your roll is successful, all of the subject's
injuries are immediately transferred to your character. (Your
Martyr cannot take away a health level at a time; it's all or
nothing.) In the case of absorbed bashing damage, make a
Stamina roll to soak damage before it's applied. Obviously, any
armor worn is useless in this situation. If the amount of damage
transferred exceeds the hunter's remaining health levels, the
subject is still fully healed, but your character is killed instantly.

Use of this edge is not limited to physical damage; mental
illness, such as trauma or a derangement, may be conferred if
your character wishes (in the case of a victim with multiple
derangements, the Martyr may choose to assume one, some or
allof them). Roll Willpower, with a difficulty determined by the
Storyteller depending on the severity of the illness. If the
Willpower roll fails, the user manifests the derangement(s)
immediately. If the roll succeeds, your character sublimates the
illness into his unconscious mind and can continue unimpaired,
atleast in the short term. The illness is by no means gone, merely
pushed out of the hunter's conscious awareness, and can come
back to the fore in times of great stress or fatigue. Record the new
derangement(s) on your character sheet and indicate that it is/
they are sublimated... for now.

This Edge may not be used to heal the bodies or minds
of monsters, only of people and other imbued.

oo eee Fyre

The ultimate goal of any Martyr is to give himself, body
and soul, for the salvation of the world. This need expresses
itself in working long hours, taking extra watches and suffer-
ing untold amounts of pain so that others don't have to.
Given the chance, most Martyrs wouldn't hesitate to cleanse
the world of its evil, no matter the cost to themselves.

Expiate is the ultimate expression of these compulsions.
Use of this power was reported by a group of imbued operat-
ing in the Appalachians. They witnessed a local preacher,
supposedly a fellow hunter by the name of Father Moses, call
the power of "divine grace" to drain a monster of its "burden
of sin." According to the preacher, he drew the unholy forces
from the beast, breaking its pact with Satan and returning it
to its natural state. He claimed to have done the same to
another creature, although those close to the preacher whis-
pered that his behavior had grown increasingly bizarre after
his supposed miracle. Two days after claiming to expiate yet
another monster, the preacher declared to his congregation
that the time had come for him to return to God. At that
point, he doused himself and his audience with gasoline from
a can hidden behind the pulpit and set the church on fire.
The preacher and ten people died.

System: The power of this edge seems to rob a monster of
its very nature by draining its supernatural essence and returning
the creature to a possible natural state. A Martyr must have 10
Conviction available in order to use this power. The hunter
must make physical contact with the intended target for three
consecutive turns, during which a battle of wills takes place.
Make a resisted Willpower roll between hunter and monster,
with a mutual 6 difficulty. If the monster wins, it goes unaffected
while the hunter losesa pointof Conviction. If yourroll botches,


all of your character's Conviction points are lost. Note that
because this edge calls upon all of a hunter's Conviction, no
points can be risked when using the power. Ifthe hunter wins, his
available Conviction drops to the minimum starting level forhis
creed — 4 — and the monster appears to lose its supernatural
"being" permanently. Shapeshifters and warlocks appear to
become normal human beings. Zombies and vampires are
reputed to become inanimate corpses or piles of dust. This power
does not seem to work on ghosts or goblins at all.

Your character must also pay a terrible price for performing
such a miracle. Martyrs close to the Messengers speculate that a
miracle worker draws a creature's very evil into himself, which
manifests as inoperable tumors and organ failure, imposing termi-
nal illness. No hunter edge can heal or alleviate these afflictions,
and his condition grows worse each time the Martyr uses Expiate.

To reflect this degeneration, the Storyteller rolls a die
each time the hunter uses this power successfully. On a roll of
1-5, the hunter incurs another derangement and the difficul-
ties of all actions performed thereafter suffer a +1 modifier,
permanently, as the user's body becomes increasingly decrepit.
On a roll of 6-10, the hunter dies immediately.

Despite this extreme act of heroism and sacrifice, it's
possible that certain creatures stalk the world that are so
ancient or powerful that not even Expiate can absolve their
existence. The Storyteller has final say on whether this edge
can affect any given creature.

Tans of Me ano Live

The relationship between Martyrs and the rest of hu-

manity is closer and more intense than it is for many other
creed members. Unlike Avengers, for example, who often act
out of their own deep-seated anger rather than concern for
others, Martyrs cannot help but keep people in mind while
they pursue a cause. Some of the devoted believe themselves
symbolic figures in a crusade that can include regular folk as
well as imbued. Others justify the terrible acts they perform
out of love for friends and family. Whatever their motiva-
tions, Martyrs drive themselves ruthlessly to spare those close
to them from harm. This compulsion has allowed some to
develop an ability to share their strength with others, sus-
taining people in times of need at considerable expense to the
self. Referred to simply as communion, this sharing of will is
unique to Martyrs, as no other creed members can achieve
the sheer self-sacrifice this capability seems to require. In-
deed, not even all Martyrs can perceive the significance of
the bond; a minimum of | Vision is required, in combination
with any Mercy score. Compassion alone is not enough to
empower others with personal strength. Some insight and
imagination is required to understand how a cause can
assume almost palpable form for its adherents.

A Martyr may hold communion with a total number of
people and/ or hunters equal to his current Mercy. The pact
requires that a ritual of some kind be performed between
Martyr and subject, the specifics of which are up to the
hunter. The only stipulation is that the ritual involve some
amount of discomfort or sacrifice for both participants. A
common example is cutting palms and clasping hands as a
gesture of oneness, or getting identical tattoos or body
piercings. Other possibilities include destroying an item
treasured by both parties, mutual exposure to harsh elements,
or group fasting. Martyrs see this ritual as a self-affirming

demonstration of their deepest beliefs, and as a validation of
their connection to other people and of their sacrifices for
the cause. The devoted thus make a gift of something intan-
gible — their very soul — to save others' lives and spirits.

Recipients of communion interpret the ritual in terms
that they can understand, and even then the process can seem
strange. Some might participate out of reverence for the
Martyr or his passion, depending on the subject's spirituality.
Others might just "go along" with a test out of sheer machismo
orsimply to humor someone who obviously cares deeply about
them. Some maintain such a close bond to a Martyr that any
moment of closeness or shared experience is cherished for its
own sake, no questions asked.

During a ritual, a Martyr sets the terms of his blessing. His
attention can be focused on protecting someone from harm, or
his vigor may become inspiration for the recipient while further-
ing a mutual goal or cause. For example, a hunter could say,
"Think of me when you're frightened or afraid," or "Use my
strength to battle our common foe." The recipient must agree
willingly to whatever terms the Martyr sets or the ritual has no
effect. Only one communion may be established between a
Martyr and single subject; multiple bonds cannot be formed
based on different terms and conditions.

After a communal bond has been established, a subject
has an ongoing, intuitive sense of the Martyr's presence and
support, as if the hunter is at hand, lending awe-inspiring
strength and aid. It's as if the bond formed between the two
never leaves either entirely alone, no matter how far apart
they might be. A recipient may thereafter draw on the
hunter's Conviction to reaffirm personal determination. For
regular people, any Conviction borrowed is converted into
Willpower points to achieve automatic successes in the kinds
of situations specified in the ritual. Fellow imbued with
whom communion is performed may spend the Martyr's
Conviction points as the same, as if they were her own
Conviction points, or she may spend those borrowed points
as Willpower, whichever is needed.

If a bond was made to protect a normal person, for
example, that person could spend the hunter's Conviction as
Willpower on a Dodge or Stamina roll to resist damage. If the
recipient was given a gift to further a common goal, such as
getting a family to safety, then an action toward that end may
benefit. The Storyteller is the ultimate authority on whether
a recipient's act is in keeping with the goal outlined in a
Martyr's ritual. Only one Conviction point can be drawn at a
time, and only one point can be drawn by a single subject ina
single scene, whether it's used as Willpower or Conviction.

For his part, a Martyr senses a bond with each partici-
pant —a kinship or empathy is shared, no matter how far
away distant subjects might be. If a point of Conviction is
ever drawn from the hunter, he senses which kindred spirit
is in need and gets a general sense of how. Say, the Martyr's
wife needs to escape pursuing creatures while driving, and
the Martyr senses that his family is in trouble while en route
toshelter. The actual location or direction of subjects is not
conferred. The moment when Conviction is drawn is si-
multaneously exhausting yet exhilarating; the hunter
literally feels his vigor drain away, but his determination for
and faith in the cause are reaffirmed by his act of sacrifice.

Here are some sample rituals and their repercussions.

A Martyr performs communion with a sympathetic
priest and friend. The hunter believes in defending the poor


who belong to the priest's congregation from the depreda-
tions of monsters. When the bond is formed, the hunter
states that his strength is the priest's strength so long as the
friend helps protect the homeless from the city's predators.
The Storyteller is therefore justified in having the priest draw
on the hunter's Conviction if the friend, say, tries to protect
street people from a group of thugs, or he tries to prevent a
mugger from rolling a drunk. The priest could not draw on the
hunter's reserves to convince his parishioners to give more
when the collection plate is passed. That act does not
directly involve saving the homeless from predators.

In another case, a Martyr makes a bond with a longtime
friend who has a serious drug habit. The stipulation is that the
hunter'sstrength is the subject's to use in order to help kick the
habit. Thus, the friend could call on the Martyr's Conviction
to resist urges for drugs, or perhaps to resist the temptation to
steal to afford fix. Communion lendsno strength to the friend
when he's beaten by an angry dealer, for example, because the
attack doesn't directly involve kicking the habit.

Finally, a Martyr performs communion with a fellow
hunter, an Avenger. He tells the warrior that so long as she
fights with compassion and regret, his strength is hers. So
long as she does not engage in brutal or merciless acts, she
may call upon the Martyr's Conviction when she needs it, to
be spent as Willpower or Conviction of her own. He cannot
help her when she acts out of blind anger.

The specifics of a communion ritual are everything
The relationship forged between Martyr and subject, and
its effect on their future actions, provides a wealth of story
opportunities and roleplaying challenges. In chronicle
terms, the Storyteller may introduce all kinds of story
hooks as a Martyr is drawn upon to save a friend or ally.
With his loose sense of wrongdoing or trouble that he
receives, your character might come to his companion'
rescue, to perpetuate the cause alongside needy comrades.

There's no limit to how many Conviction points a recipi-
ent may drain from a Martyr over time, and such energy may be
shared regardless of distance. No person or hunter may maintain
a communion with more than one Martyr at a time, though.

Of course, if a Martyr has no Conviction at a given
moment, he can't donate any points — an important consid-
eration for any devoted who maintains communion with
others and who runs the risk of exhausting his passion for the
hunt. Nor may a Martyr refuse to relinquish any points
drawn; they are taken despite his (or your) desires or plans.
The selfless imbued who shares too much of himself with too
many others may quickly find that he has nothing left with
which to protect himself. But such is the nature of the
devoted. This danger can spur a Martyr to ever-increasing
acts of courage and self-sacrifice to keep Conviction scores
high enough to support anyone who needs them.

The effects of communion last as long as a Martyr or
subject lives. A hunter or recipient may break communion at
will — usually as a result of some irreconcilable difference
between participants — although such an act probably
involves a considerable amount of agonizing and soul search-
ing, both before and after. Ifa communion is ever broken by
either party, another can be forged with a different subject.

Martyrs may participate in communion with humans
and fellow hunters, but not monsters. Such acts of selfle:
ness with creatures are usually too alien to consider, even
for the most compassionate of the devoted.

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES



How can I myself alone bear your cumbrance, and your
burden, and your strife?
Deuteronomy 1:12

It doesn't take much to make a person a Martyr, just a sense of causes
and movements bigger than yourself. That awareness occurs in regular
life if you're not too self-absorbed or introspective. Understanding the
contribution you can and need to make is much more compelling when
you discover a world ruled by monsters, though. Suddenly, you are very
insignificant and quite disposable — you've been that way all along and
never knew it. And yet, those two qualities can fuel a desire to save the
world from its beasts. If you succeed, you've made a difference and you
matter. If you fail, well, you tried, and no one will miss you anyw

The following character templates give you a starting place for playing
one of the tested. Each of them is ready to play, but can serve as inspiration
for your own characters. The templates isolate some basic concepts of the
creed (the three camps, the single-mindedness of a cause, the willingn
to forego life itself) and personify those qualities.


Thisian't be happening to me. iim trying to start over, for Christ's sake!

Prelude: You stole your first car when you were 11 years
old and drove it to the South Side where your best

friend's cousin ran a chop shop. He gave you $500
for it, more money than you'd ever seen in your
life. When you got home, you went straight to
the landlord and handed over the money. If you
and your baby sisters wanted to keep a roof over
your heads, there wasn't anything else to do.
Your dad ran off while the youngest was still
in diapers. Your mom discovered cocaine shortly
after, then heroin. There wasn't anyone else
to take care of things but you. By the time
you were 15, you'd been arrested twice
for breaking and entering and grand
theft, but gotten off light because
you were a minor. Each time you
promised the judge you'd quit.
The next night you'd be up-
town again, looking for easy
pickings.
The day before your 16th
birthday, yourmom left home
and never came back. To this
day you don't know what hap-
pened to her. You dropped out
of school to take care of your
sisters and hooked up with a
gang that specialized in boost-
ing Mercedes and BMWs. The
payoffs got bigger. You started car-
rying a gun because of the cash you
ended up with. A small part of you
whispered that things were slipping
out of control, but there was no way to
turn back. Honestly, you didn't care. All
that mattered was giving your sisters the
best chance that you could.
One night, the owner of a Cadillac
surprised you as you were yanking out the
wires of his car alarm. There was a scuffle
and you shot him by accident. He died
the next day, and you found yourself in
serious shit. The guy was a prominent
businessman. You were tried as an adult
and the judge gave you a life sentence.
Your sisters wound up in foster homes,
but they were old enough that they could
take care of themselves by then, and did
as well as could be expected. With no
one to take care of and a lot of time on
your hands, you tried to get the educa-
tion you'd given up on before. By the
time your parole hearing came up, it

seemed as if there might be hope after all. The hearing went
better than expected. For the first time in what felt like your
entire life, you were a free man.

It was hard finding work at first. You settled in
another part of the city and finally found someone
willing to give an ex-con a chance. Money started
coming in and things were looking up.

Thencame the nightyou ran into Mr. Morganstern
outside your apartment. He lived down the hall, got
into shouting matches with his wife nearly every
night. Probably beat her, too, but you tried
not to think about that. It wasn't your
business. You couldn'tafford any more
trouble. The parole board had been

very clear.
Mr. Morganstern walked past
you, a frown on his pasty face.

You turned to say hello — and

over his shoulder, you saw that

the "exit" sign now read "TOR-

MENT." And Mr. Morganstern

wasn't alone. There was this

shape following him, like a mist

in the form of a man.
You watched your neigh-
om bor head into his apartment.
The thing followed — and
went right through the door!
The shouting started almost
immediately. Something was
making Mr. Morganstern hurt
his family. But who could you tell?
How could this happen to you
now, just when you were getting

your life back?

Concept: You threw away your
early life for the sake of your loved
ones. Now something has opened
your eyes to the existence of mon-
sters. If you screw up again, you'll
be back in jail for good. But how
can you ignore what these creatures
are doing?

Roleplaying Hints: You're a de-
cent and compassionate person at
heart, caught on the horns ofa terrible
dilemma. At times, you rage against
whatever's changed you, but ultimately

you can't sit by and let monsters hurt
defenseless people.

Equipment: Baseball bat, elec-

tronics tools, beat-up GM van


Primary VIRTUE:Mercy
DEMEANOR:Penitent CREED:Martyrdom
CHRONICLE: ConcePT:Reformed Criminal StarTinG Convicnion:4

© oa en soe, ATIRIBUTES Sa ate Se
PHYSICAL Social MENTAL
Strength-SuueGa) @ @ @ @ O Charisma @@000 Perception @ee@e0oo
Dexterity____ @ @ @ 00 Manipulation @ @ @ 0 O Intelligence. eooo
Stamina—_____ @ @ ®@ 00 Appearance @e000 Wit _e e@e00

© bee ek Sees A})))))ES Se ee ee
TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES
Alertness_____@ @ ® 0 0 Animal Ken. e) 200 Academics. Oo000
Athletics____9 0000 Crafts. > 2OO Bureaucracy. oooo
Awareness ____O 0 0 0 O__ Demolitions 90000 Computer___0000
Brawl @00O0 Drive @@00O0 Financee——___0 00 O
Dodge__@ @®00OO Etiquette. ©) O Investigation. oooo¢
Empathy. O000O0O Firearms_____@ Law______  ® e®o0o
Expression OO0O000O Melee. o} Linguistics_omis) @ OO O
Intimidation @000 Performance 9)
Intuition __O O00 O $ Security. @
Leadership_____ 9 0000 Stealth
Streetwise @e000 Survival_..._=.90 0 Research__  _- 000
Subterfuge O00000 Technology. ome) Science___-_O OOO
© bate en woe ADVANTAGES Sea mete ee Se
BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
Name Creep LeveL TRIGGER Mrrcy  VisioN ~— ZEAL
Allies _@ @ O00 Remand vartyrdon ©0000. 1@x ox
Arenal ® O00 0 foresee visimary @0000, a: a
Contacts ss ®@ @ OOO Cleave _vengeance @QOOO 40__ O_,
Destiny ss ®OO00 00000 5O— ase

Medicine_____® 000
Occult______—+ooa00¢
Politis___t_.0000

3)
O<
>)
e
oO
e
O
eo)
e
[o)

OWOWOVROO90
90 0:0) O00. 0.0' 00

6 Oo C C
90000 999909. 70.

fe
90 ‘otal
OQ009. wo OL. O22

Se. ae SS 2 ee ee eee
euemacx DERANGEMENTS meme 9 cemmacen=CONVICTION em emcee HEATH ee ee

@@eeeeo00000 Bruised

an = W)LLPOWER©—=——— Hurt

e@eeee00e000 eee
oundes
gQo00000000 Moule

vue EXPERIENCE ———— Crippled
Incapacitated


Take it. No, take it all. C'mon == it's just money. You need it more than I do.

didn't have absolutely anything you wanted. Both
your parents were executives in high-profile corpo-
rations, so money was never a concern. All you
had to do was ask one of the servants for some-
thing and it appeared right away.

Naturally, you were sent to all the right
schools, and your parents' wealth and prestige
put you in the most exclusive social circles
Even the other "proper" girls were jealous
of the extravagant level to which you
were cared for, and your "friends"
were really nothing more than back-
biting cliques, each person turning
on the next when the mood struck
or to score points with the current
group queen.

As you got older, you started to
realize that there was more to the
world than your own little sheltered
environment of school, ski trips and
parties. Most people didn't have the
money or opportunities that you
did, but you didn't understand why
not. Your parents got their money
because they had good jobs. Why
couldn't everybody do the same?

People gave you dirty looks as you
drove your Lexus SUV around
town, as if you didn't belong on the
same streets they did.

The more you thought about it,
the more it bothered you. Your
friends just sneered at the "poor
people" they saw at the malls, but
you couldn't dismiss them so easily.

People seemed to dislike you just because
you had money. How fair was that? You
didn't ask to be rich. You believed you
were a good person — the servants all said so
— so you were being discriminated against
because you were wealthy. That realization
hurt. And with it came the awareness of
how alone you truly were.

You stopped hanging out with your friends.
They didn't really care about you anyway. For
awhile, you flirted with suicide, but every idea
you came up with seemed too painful and messy.
So, you finally took the Lexus and spent your
nights just cruising around the city, feeling like
a ghost in an uncaring world.

One night, a wild impulse made you drive
into a bad part of town. You saw a man with a

group of women at one corner. Suddenly, the man grabbed
one of them and knocked her down. She screamed, trying
to get away, and the others scattered. The man looked
down at the fallen woman, who scuttled across the
pavement, and started to follow her, his hands reaching
for her almost as if he were sleepwalking.
Then a voice spoke from the radio. "PUSH BACK
THE DARKNESS," it said. That was bad enough, but
then you remembered that the radio was off.
Goosebumps rushed across your arms.
The man had almost reached the woman.
As he moved into the glow of a streetlight,
you saw the rotting strips of skin hanging
from his face and hands. You screamed —
and floored the gas peddle.

The Lexus roared forward. There
was no time to think. The SUV went
over the curb like it was a speed bump

and you slammed into the man. The
dead thing flew 10 feet and lay in a
twisted pile of limbs. You hit the
brakes and just sat there, trying to
stop your heart from bursting, unable
to believe what you'd done.

That's when the woman scrambled
to her feet. She came to your window,
her face etched with terror and relief,
and pressed a hand to the glass. "Thank

you," she sobbed before she ran off.
Atthatmoment, you were reborn.
Concept: You lived a sheltered
life of privilege and excess before,
completely oblivious to the world
around you, and only recently be-
came aware of how lonely and empty
your existence truly was. Most kids
in your situation turned to booze and
drugs, but you took a different path,
looking for some kind of higher mean-
ing. You found it at your imbuing,
and you've hurled yourself against

the monsters ever since.

Roleplaying Hints: You're young
and incredibly naive, having never
actually worked for anything your
whole life. You place yourself in
risky situations and advocate ter-
rible sacrifices as only someone

who's never truly been hurt can.
Equipment: Lexus SUV,
extensive wardrobe, stack of

credit cards


Primary ViRTUE:Mercy
Payer: DEMEANOR:Fanatic CREED:Martyrdom
CHRONICLE: CoNcEPT:Wealthy Crusader  Starminc Convicrion:4

© ban en seo, ATTRIBUTES Sa ete ee SE
PHYSICAL Social MENTAL
Strength——_—__ @ ®@ 000 Charisma_(Chaming) @ @ @ @ O Perception eeeood |
Dexterity—____ @ ® 000 Manipulation @@@ 0 O Intelligence. @e@e000
Stamina—_—____ ® ® 000 Appearance faves) @ @ @ @O Wits @@eeoo

© hee een ee A3)))1)ES SS ee ee Se
TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES

Alertness_____@ @ 0 < Animal Ken. 90000 Academics_Cam) @ @ @
Athletics_____LO-:-«O. Crafts____O 0000 Bureaucracy. oye)
Awareness oe} Demolitions. ole Ke) Computer.
Brawl_______0:0 Drive —_______@ ® 00 O Finance.
Dodgei___ __- OO Etiquette_____@® @ O O O Investigation.
Empathy_______O O Firearms______O O O Law.
Expression oe) Melee____+__o OO Linguistics.
Intimidation @o Performance O0000 Medicine
Intuition _____O O Security. O OO00 Occult.
Leadership. Stealth—______9 000 O Politics.
Streetwise_____O OO Survival____#_#_o0oO Research
Subterfuge e@eo< Technology. ome me) Science.

© heme ek Sere ADVANTAGES em ete ee
BACKGROUNDS EpcEs VIRTUES
Name Creep LeveL ~=— TRIGGER Mercy VISION

Resources @ @ @ @ @ remand Martyr ©0000, De
Destiny _@ OOOO Rroject Martyrdom @0000, o>
90000 90000, =
00000 00000. ‘ o—
90000 90000 C =
00000 90900 ¢ —

00000 90000. 00. Ta

> en ae Sees eee eee eee
ewemcu DERANGEMENTS s—meemme 9 commacams CONVICTION emo emcees HEALTH eee ee
@e@eeeeee000 Braised

aan = WILLPOWER #—=— om Hurt al

@e@e@eeeo0000 ee
ounde
googoggoggoggog goog Mauled

oumaue- EXPERIENCE ——— Crippled
Incapacitated

9000000000

O
[e)
fe)
fe)
@)
[e)
2)
e)
fe)
9]
1e)
O

O@e0o0000
oe@e0o0000
OOM OOO Monon Om om oMe)
VYVYVEVEUVUUYeUUY


Oh, God. Not again.

Prelude: Life was never easy, but it was been stable and
that's about the best anyone could ask for. You did well
enough in high school and learned to fix cars at your
uncle's shop. After you graduated, you married your
prom date and settled down to raise a family. You went
to church every Sunday and always had something to
put in the plate. People thought of you as someone they
could depend on when times were tough, and you liked
that. It made you feel good to be able to help when
someone needed it.

Time passed. You worked your way up at
the shop and became a shift manager, then
moved out of the apartment and gota nice
little house in the suburbs. The drive to
and from work gave you all the reasons
in the world to be grateful. Your shop
was downtown, near the missions.

Every day, you saw people of every age

and description walking the streets,
looking for money or something to
eat. Your heart went out to them, but

you reminded yourself that you couldn't
give handouts to everybody. You had a
family to take care of, people who de-
pended on you.

You always used to work late at the shop,
covering other people's shifts and getting in
as much overtime as you could. Four nights
ago, you were headed home at 1 AM, driv-
ing through freezing rain. There were
people still haunting the streets, huddled
against the cold with nowhere to go. You
couldn't help but watch them sadly as
you drove past.

Then your truck died. You pulled
over, hopped out and looked under the
hood. Just in case, you pulled a heavy
wrench from underneath the seat and
tucked it in your back pocket. Homeless
people could be a little nuts, and there
were no cops anywhere in sight.

There was nothing wrong with the
truck that you could find, which was
strange. You closed the hood — and
that was when you saw the man, stand-
ing at the corner a block away. It was
like he was staring right through you.

He senta shiver up your spine. Above
the man's head, the crossing sign
blinked "DEAD" in red.

He crossed the street toward you
and walked past without a glance.

you saw that he had to be a corpse. The shock was
so sudden that you couldn't make a sound as this
thing shambled past and turned down an alley.
Then you heard the sounds of a struggle.
You reached the mouth of the alley in time
to see the dead guy with his hands around a
young man's neck. The man saw you and his
eyes pleaded for help. Without thinking, you
pulled the wrench and waded in. One blow to
the back of the head, you thought, and the
thing would go down.
Itdidn't. The creature let the
man go, but you found yourself
fighting for your life. It took
only seconds, but it felt like an
eternity. You beat the crea-
ture witha strength you didn't
know you had, and it finally
collapsed, its head split like a
rotten melon. Horrified, you
ran back to your truck. You
were halfway home before it
dawned on you that your truck
was working again.
You haven't slept a wink since
What you did terrifies you. Was
it murder? The thing was already dead.
You're sure of that. And you were try-
ing to save someone's life. Did that
make it a crime? Would the police
arrest you? Were you going to Hell?
Suddenly, your safe, predictable world
didn't make sense anymore.

Concept: You're a solid, depend-
able family man, someone who believes
in helping others and doing the right
thing, because that's the way your par-
ents raised you. Now, you can see
monsters. They're hurting people, and
only you can stop them — but what
about your family? Don't they need you

just as much? You're being pulled in two
directions, working yourself to death to
help everyone you can.

Roleplaying Hints: You're a
simple, straightforward person who tries
to be everything to everybody. Each
time you see a monster, you pray to God
it's the last one, because you can't live
this way forever.

Equipment: Pipe wrench, tools,
pickup truck

Up close,


ev

NaturE:Caregiver™ PRIMARY VIRTUE:Mercy
PLAyeR: DEMEANOR:Caregiver CREED:Martyrdom
CHRONICLE: ConcEPT:Reluctant Everyman STARTING CoNvVICTION:4

= pee en ewe, ATRBUTES Se ete Se
PHYSICAL Sociat MENTAL
Strengthh—_—__ @ ®@ @ 0.0 Charisma______@ [e) 2 Perception e
Dexterity______ @ ®@ ® 00 Manipulation e O O Intelligence
Stamina —Qelenics) @ @ @ @ O Appearance fe) 3 Wits—_____—=__@

© bam 208 Swe AD)))))S SS ete ee

TALENTS SkiLLs KNOWLEDGES
Alertness_____@ @ Animal Ken. 90000 Academics. O0000

Athletics ____e e Crafts__ngins) @ @ @ O Bureaucracy. 00000
Awareness eo) Demolitions. Ooc¢ Computer. @0000
Brawl Drive Finance—_____0 00 0 0
>)
»)

@o
@o
@o

1e)

ie)

Dodge Etiquette Investigation. 0000
Empathy. Firearms Law. 0000
Expression Melee Linguistics_ismish) © OO O00
Intimidation Performance Medicine ___@® 0000
Intuition Security. Occllt____—oa000
Leadership___ Stealth Politics—_______0 © 010 0
Streetwise Survival Research___£€.—.. 00000
Subterfuge___ Technology. Science___ ® 900 O

Soa 228 —w ADVANTAGES SS Ste: Se? SI

BACKGROUNDS EDGES. VIRTUES
Name Creep LeveL ~— TRIGGER Mercy Vision
Allies -_@ @ OOO Remand Martyrdom ©0000, 1 @x —_
ee 20x Oo
@0000 # @@000 ex. =

Patron ______@®@00O 00000 40, O.
Resources ®@@ OOO 00000 2 = om
00000 00000 7QLL o

IOO0090 C C 80. @)
OO0000 Or 100. 6

Se ae ED. TS Ee ete "ee?
euemca DERANGEMENTS seme 9 eeemcum=CONVICTION em emcee HEALTH ee ee
@@ee2ee@00000 Bruised

jam = W)LLPOWER*—=— me Hurt

ee70e20e0e00000 oe
. ‘ounde
Qgoo0o0000000 Manled

oumcuee EXPERIENCE ——m Crippled
Incapacitated

CO00000000

°

e)
oO
2)
2)
3)
Oo
>)
fe)
>
o)
8)
O <

GO009000000000

Pooo@ 00000
O0O0000000

[e)


Hey, buddy, relax! I'm not lookin' foria handout —T'milhieve to help.

Prelude: It's every man for himself in this world. If street, begging for handouts to keep you going from one
anyone should understand that, it's you. bottle to the next. The thought of having failed every-
There was a time, not so long ago, when you one you'd ever loved was a crushing weight that you
had a well-paying job, a house, a wife and two Sie prayed might kill you.
kids. You worked late every single night and One winter night you found yourself huddled
most weekends, getting brownie points with over a heat vent near Broadway. You watched the
management so one day you could tack that well-dressed socialites hurry along with their dates.
VP title to your name. It meant you didn't see A man wearing a tuxedo headed your way, a woman
much of your family, but that was the price wrapped in furs hanging on his arm. His ey
you paid for private schools and minivans pitiless; there was no charity in him. As you
and yearly trips to Disneyland. to look away, a voice echoed in your hea

Everything was perfect. You had it
all. And then came the day your wife
had a routine checkup, and she told
you there might be a problem.

The problem turned out to be
cancer. The doctors tried everything:
surgery, chemotherapy, radiation
treatments. They stopped it for a
while, but the cancer always came
back. The medical bills mounted,
and your wife grew weaker with
each passing month. You used up
every bit of vacation and sick time
you had to be with her for the
treatments, and worked every
spare hour you could to try to
cover the bills. You saw every-
thing you'd worked for fall apart.

When you went to the firm to
ask for a leave of absence, they
shook their heads sadly and
said their hands were tied.

It was better if you left and
found work elsewhere.

Your wife lingered in pain
for eight months. The last of
your savings dwindled away
you divided all your time betwee:
hospital and the kids. Somewhere
along the way, you started to drink. It
was the only way to handle the sheer
futility of it all. No matter how hard
you worked, how you slaved and sacri-
ficed, it was never enough.

It all seemed to end at once. Your
wife died. You lost your house. The kids
were taken away by the state. Everything
you owned was seized to cover unpaid ex-
penses. A year before, you'd been on top of
the world. Now you found yourself on the

DO NOT SEE THE EVIL THAT WALKS
AMONG THEM."
Just then, a gust of icy wind
howled down the street, bringing
tears to your eyes. When your vi-
sion cleared, the man was almost
on top of you. He looked differ-
ent now, like a walking corpse,
his face twisted with anger. The
woman held him tightly as they
strode past. She was more
afraid of you than him.

You started to call out a
warning, then realized it
would do no good. She was

blind to the creature. Only you

could see the truth. You were the
only person who could do anything
about it.

The thought should have left
you terrified. Instead, you felt a strange
kind of elation. For the first time in a
long while, someone needed you,
whether they knew it or not.

You got to your feet and went
after the thing.

Concept: You are a hard-driven
family man who lost everything. You
wound up on the streets, tormented by
your failure. When the voice spoke to
you, it felt as though you'd been given
achance to make things right again.

Roleplaying Hints: A man
with nothing to lose can do any-
thing. No effort, no sacrifice is too
great if it gives you back your self-
respectand lets you make a difference
in someone's life.

Equipment: Grimy secondhand
clothes, worn family photos


«vs

Primary VIRTUE:Mercy
PLayer: DEMEANOR:Caregiver CREED:Martyrdom
CHRONICLE: ConcEPT:Down and Out Starminc Convicnion:4

© bee ce sewe, ATTRIBUTES Si aot See SE
PHYSICAL Sociat MENTAL
Strength_____. @ @ @ 00 Charisma__t___@ @ 0 0 O Perception @e@e0oo0
Dexterity_____ @ ®@ ®@ 00 Manipulation @@@ 0 O Intelligence @eee0o0
Stamina—_____ @ @ @ OO Appearance @0000 Wits e ee00

© pee ek we AB) )ES SS eee ee
TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES
Alertness_____@ ® @ O Animal Ken. 010,0 Academics. Oo0000
Athletics_____0 O O Crafts dmoovised Cooking ®@ @ O Bureaucracy. @e000
Awareness ____O O O ¢ Demolitions O00 Computer____0 0000
Brawl____@® @ 0 < Drive —______.0 0 O Finance—______ ¢ [e)
Dodge___®@®0O0OO Etiquette__m__.0 00 Investigation. 00 ¢ fe)
Empathy___+__O0 OOOO Firearms_____Oo 0 O Law.
Expression _____O O O Melee______@ O oO < Linguistics,
Intimidation 000 Performance 0'0 © Medicine ___
Intuition _____@® 0D OO Security___O O O « Occult______- 20 © Or
Leadership 0000 Stealth______@ 0 O Politics oc
Streetwise @eeod Survival__.__@ @@o Research___ O O O ¢
Subterfuge. 90000 Technology. 0'0 0.0 Science-—_—____..9 O 0100
© bee ek sweep ADVANTAGES See ee ee Se
BACKGROUNDS EpcEs VIRTUES
Name Creep LeveL = TRIGGER Mercy VISION
Allies ___.@@@®0OO Remand Martyrdom @OOOO jo
Contacts ® @@OO Hide _mnnocence @O000. =
Patton ____@ @00O0O  DBiscern Judgment @9000. C jae
00000 90000. Om
O0000 99909. ( 6
90000 OOOO. C O.

00000 00000. on aa

@ RE ane) EEE ana SRSA Geese oe: "Ee
eummea DERANGEMENTS seme 9 emmmecue=CONVICTION meme semen HEALTH =e ee me
e@ee2e2e0eeee@00 Briced

aan = WILLPOWER © = — Hurt
@eeoeeeee0ddd Injured
go0000000g90 ea

oumaue+ EXPERIENCE ——— Crippled
Incapacitated

OO0O0000000
OOO0000000000


BOOK: MARTYR

Te's okay. I'll do it..Hey, what's the worst they can do?

Prelude: You were diagnosed with the disease when
you were 12. Your parents noticed the danger
signs long before you did. Sure, you were tired
a lot, but what was the big deal about that?
When you saw the doctors, they were all
very upbeat and optimistic. You were still
basically healthy and strong. They were go-
ing to beat this thing, and you could go back
to living a regular life.

Butsome things, youcame tolearn, couldn't
be beaten no matter how hard people tried.

Months passed, and you were put on a
multitude of different medications. The ef-
fects were so powerful that you had to leave
school and be home-tutored when you felt
up to it. You insisted that you were strong
enough, even when you didn't really mean
it. It was better to be doing something, even
if it was just schoolwork.

The disease would not relent. Some-
times the doctors would make it go into
remission, but that never lasted longer than a
few months. There were still a few friends who
came by to visit, but most of them moved on.
You couldn't blame them. They had lives to
live. You were just holding them back. So,
you turned to books as a way to fill the hours:
and took walks when the physical therapist
said it was okay.

When you were 17, things got really bad.

The disease stopped responding to the drugs,
and the doctors decided to give youchemo.
It was the most horrible experience of
your life. Prisoners of war had laws to
protect them from the kind of tortures
the doctors put you through. They said it
built character.

You spent the next months in the hos-
pital. They'd given up on chemo and were
now going with radiation treatments. You
were bald and your skin was pale, almost
translucent. The veins showed at your wrists
and neck. You felt tired all the time. Maybe it
was the disease or maybe you just didn't have a
reason to be any other way. It was as if you were
just marking time. Only your parents visited you
anymore. Even the nurses had a hard time being

around you, though they did their best to hide it. You felt like

a freak, a monster from another world. For the first time, you
felt like you wanted to die.

When you saw the woman late one night, you thought

you'd finally passed away. You'd been sleeping, but some-

thing woke you. And there she was, dressed in white, at

the foot of your bed. It didn't occur to you to be

scared. You rubbed your eyes. When you looked

at her closely, you could see that she seemed

sick herself, and very sad. Then a voice spoke,

clearly and calmly, as if from nowhere: "THE

DEAD HAVE NO PLACE HERE."

That's when you understood that she

was a ghost. Maybe she'd died in the
hospital and didn't realize it. Once she
realized you could see her, she came closer,
her face lit with something like happi-
ness, but a little like desperation, too.

She didn't want to be here, that much

you could tell.
So you tried to help. When you
finally set her free, you knew that your
work had only just begun.

Concept: You're dying of a terminal

illness. How much time is left exactly,
no one knows. It doesn't matter. Because
you're 18 now, you've refused further
therapy and left the hospital. You've been
given a great gift, and you are determined
to make the best of it in the time you
have left.

Roleplaying Hints: Fighting a losing
battle against death has given you a lot of
perspective on life. You get sad sometimes,
and a little jealous of people who've had
normal lives, but you mostly try to stay
upbeat. The disease that's dominated your
life has also given you a unique perspective
on monsters. You understand what it's like
tobealone and tormented, unable tochange
the thing that makes you different from
everyone else you know. That's the main

reason you've been given this gift, and
you're determined to use it well.
Equipment: Laptop computer, chess
set, backpack


aang

Name: NAaTuRE:Caregiver Primary ViRTUE:Mercy
Payer: DEMEANOR: Masoc hist CrEED:Martyrdom
CHRONICLE: CoNcEPT:Doomed Savior Starmne Conviction:4

© bee cen wwe, ATTRIBUTES Sem ete ey Se

PHYSICAL Social MENTAL
Strength———__ ®@ 0000 Charisma @ee@0 0 Perception_isn) @ @@@O
DexterityiSeiuottnd @ @ @ @ O Manipulation @@00 0 Intelligence @ee00
Stamina—_____ @ ® 000 Appearance @e000 WitW) eee@e0

= pee 0 Sees AD) |S Se ee ee
TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES
Alertness_____® @ ® 0 O Animal Ken Academics_(Chsis) @ @ O00

Athletis____O O 000 Crafts Bureaucracy. oe)
Awareness____@® @ @ O Demolitions. Computer_____ @ @
Brawl. - 0 OO © Drive Finance—_____ 0 O
Dodge__9 0000 Etiquette. Investigation. (oe)
Empathy____@® @ 0 0 O Firearms Law_____ 0 0 «
Expression_____O OO O Melee. Linguistics ook
Intimidation 90000 Performance Medicine___ @ 0 ©
Intuition __® @ @ OO $ Security. Occile.— se FOOT
Leadership. 00000 Stealth Politics _-___.070
Streetwise 90000 Survival Research__._. @ @ <
Subterfuge 90000 Technology. ee Science 0 '0 0:0'0

© bee en wwe ADVANTAGES See ee ee
BACKGROUNDS Epces VIRTUES
Name Creep Level — TRIGGER Mercy Vision

Demand Martyrdom ®@OOOO oa

Exposure @ @@ 00 times _martwame@e000 eae
00000 30000 5

00000 90000. : aL

00000 30000 Oo

00000 90000 —_

00000 90000 a=
> ee. ae SS ee OO Oe ee eee
umm DERANGEMENTS em 9 cmemcee=CONVICTION em emcee HEALTH ere ee
@e@e@eee0d0000 Bruised

aaa = W)LLPOWER «== me Hurt -l

e@e2e2eee0000 Se =
= — oundes i
bpoOoOoOo0ogago0ogd Mauled 2

wa» EXPERIENCE —=——— Crippled 5
Incapacitated

COO0O000@0000
CO0000#OOD0NO
O00000000000
CO0000000000
CO0O0000000000


HUNTERBOOK: MARTYR

Prominsny Marvyrs

The following devoted have had an impact on the Martyr
creed and imbued society as a whole. Some have served as
examples to follow. Others personify pitfalls to avoid. Most are
just regular people trying to get through a life that has gone
utterly insane, and who just try to live up to the standards they
have set for themselves, before and after.

Maman Bounea

Ifthere'sone personamong the tested who rivals Dictatrix1 1
as a paragon of the creed, it's a 63-year-old woman from Zaire
who calls herself simply Maman Boumba. Boumba is a widow
with a large extended family who has worked for the Red Cross
in Brazzaville for 15 years, providing aid to any and all who need
it. According to a legend spreading among some hunters, she
was imbued the night local soldiers raided the shelter for medical
supplies. Boumba faced down the Kalashnikov-armed troops
with a broom and a forbidding glare, and suddenly she saw that
the leader of the troops was, as she put it, "a soul in need of dying
again." The officer, apparently a member of the ruling
government's secret police, threatened to arrest her and "teach
her respect for the law." Boumba looked him in the eye, seeming
topierce into his very soul, and told him that he was wasting his
time if he thought that bullying an old woman would earn him
respect from his master. Whatever the comment meant, it had
the desired effect. The officer was so rattled that he gathered his
troops, left immediately and didn't trouble the shelter again.

Although Boumba herself eschews computers and the
Internet, another imbued in Brazzaville writes about Boumba
and her exploits, describing the calm and self-assurance that
guides the woman through repeated confrontations with spirits,
shapechangers and bloodsuckers. In each case, Boumba tries to
treat the monster with compassion and even respect, and she
uses uncanny empathy and insight to alleviate the being's
hostility. She has had notable success in laying spirits to rest
without conflict, and has apparently negotiated an understand-
ing of sorts with the local man-beasts that guarantees the safety
of Brazzaville's residents. Her reputed encounters with local
bloodsuckers and warlocks have been much more contentious.

Even in these cases, Boumba refuses to resort to violence, relying
instead on her wits to gain the upper hand. So far, every creature
that has lashed out at her has met its end, not through retalia-
tion, but through outside influences, particularly rival monsters.
Boumba and her years of hard-earned wisdom have made
her something of an icon among those devoted who have heard
of her. One has even traveled to Zaire to meet her, only to find
astout, middle-aged woman who steadfastly denies any notions
of divine insight or importance. Lately, she has become much
more reclusive, even to the extent of limiting ties with local
hunters. Evidently, she has become uncomfortable with her
notoriety. That elusiveness is perhaps for the best; some fear that
if her renown makes her enough of a threat to Brazzaville's
monsters, none of Maman Boumba's wiles will save her.

Metisse Lynne Harv, aKa Joan296

Melissa is the child of prominent investment bankers in
Boston. Until recently, she spent her life as a spoiled, indolent
brat who lived for nothing but formal functions and shopping
sprees. By 17, she was a jaded young socialite primed for an Ivy
League education and utterly, completely without a soul.

Were it not fora failing grade in Latin, Melissa might have
gone on to live a cynical, materialistic life. Instead, she was
paired with a young student from Brazil, Amelia Rodriguez,
who in time opened Melissa's eyes to the sobering fact that the
world didn't revolve around her. This dawning awareness,
however, was only the first step to an even more frightening
realization. When a shapeshifter tried to kidnap Amelia,
Melissa heard the call and threw herself in the monster's path.

Struggling to come to grips with the existence of creatures,
Melissa turned to the Sunday school lessons she dimly remem-
bered from her early childhood. Like many people who find
religion after an empty, materialistic life, she surrendered herself
completely to her newfound faith. Driven by her own uncon-
scious self-importance, Melissa believed that it was her destiny
tobe the living symbol of her cause, and she immediately set out
tocall others to her banner. Tragically, she also believed that all
people, blind and powerless as they are, must contribute to the
struggle as well. She now celebrates her followers' deaths as
examples to inspire still others.


It is Melissa's utter certainty in her faith that has made her a
force to be reckoned with, both for monsters and other imbued.
Although posters to hunter-net repeatedly scom her naive,
idealistic views, she is powerfully self-composed and charismatic
in person. Hunters who have spoken to her face-to-face report
that she has an otherworldly presence about her that commands
attention, and she can be exceptionally inspiring when she
discusses her beliefs. Whether this quality is the fevered allure of
a lunatic or the aura of one divinely blessed is open to conjecture.

Melissa's fanaticism, however, is beyond question, as
demonstrated by her self-admitted torture killing of Amelia
Rodriguez in an attempt to purge the girl of the "stain of evil."
She leaves no doubtas to the necessity of sacrifice on the part
of God's faithful and advocates an inquisitorial role for the
devoted, a sort of moral authority among the imbued. What's
truly frightening is the growing number of people who listen
to what Melissa has to say, whether they understand or not.

Melissa's whereabouts are unknown, but it's speculated
that she remains in Boston, protected by her supporters. She is
wanted for the Amelia's murder, but the charges only seem to
make her more of a hero to her homegrown army. Two hunters
recently posted to hunter-net that they were going to the city to
"take care" of Joan before her movement got out of hand.

Prorite

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation (Coercion) 4, Appearance 3,
Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities Academics (History) 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 1,
Computer 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Finance 1, Intimidation 2,
Leadership 3, Linguistics (Latin) 1, Politics 1, Research 2,
Stealth 1

Backgrounds: Resources 5

Edges: (Martyrdom) Demand, Project, Witness; (Judg-
ment) Discern

Mercy: 4, Zeal: 1, Conviction: 8, Willpower: 9

Travis Miter, AKA TRaveter? 2

Travis never stood out. He was bom in 1970 to working-class
parents in Oklahoma City. Growing up, he listened to Michael
Jackson, outgrew that, listened to Public Enemy, got a business
degree in college, got a job with Cafferty Industrial Machinery in
Tulsa, got married and got a ranch-style house in the suburbs.
Now he listens to Luther Vandross and Vanessa Williams.

That'snotall there is to Travis' life —not evenall there was
to his life before he was imbued. There were the fights with his
wife Colette about having children. (She won: He got a vasec-
tomy, but that still didn't prevent their divorce.) There were
some bitter feelings in college that never really got resolved.
And there were words unsaid to his mother before she died.

But none of that really matters anymore, now that
everything has changed.

Recently, Travis' boss has given hima "last warning" about
sagging sales. All that Travis cares aboutis keeping his frequent-
flyer miles whenever he finally gets fired. At least that way he
can continue to deal with monsters the same way he always has.

Travis pursues the hunt with a purity rivaling that of
more notorious hunters such as Crusader17 and Potterl 16.
In fact, his approach may be even more pure. Unlike so many
others, Travis deals with monsters without preconceived
notions. Where Crusader sees an angry Jehovah and Potter
sees a benevolent Higher Power, Travis has no strongly held
beliefs with which to interpret (or misinterpret) the call. He

sees it as something higher and more important than himself,
which is why he's found it so easy to let go of his previous life.

Travis doesn't make a big deal of his suffering and sacrifices.
He doesn't see himself as the important one. Whereas other
hunters are willing to starve, throw themselves in the path of
bullets and go on sleepless prayer vigils, Travis believes his
mission is to pursue the hunt for as long as he can. To him, that
doesn't meansacrificinghimself. Itmeans taking care ofhimself.

Travis is good with people, and he applies those skills to
the hunt. Traveling the country as a crane salesman, he's had
the opportunity to bring a lot of hunters together. Few of
them realize what a good job he does of navigating the
troubles that arise between people of different races, cultures
and classes. They just figure it's the course of nature that
things stay together as long as they do. Even Travis is
unaware of how crucial he's been at establishing the nascent
hunter underground. As far as he's concerned, he's just one
guy, sticking his oar in the water, doing good where he can.

PRorite

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics (Music) 1, Alertness 2, Awareness 2,
Brawl 2, Computer 1, Dodge 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Finance 3,
Firearms 3, Investigation 1, Leadership 2, Melee 2, Subterfuge 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Bystanders 1, Contacts 4, Pa-
tron 1, Resources 3

Edges: (Martyrdom) Demand, Witness; (Defense)
Ward, Rejuvenate

Mercy: 4, Zeal: 3, Conviction: 6, Willpower: 8

Dougias Sanps

Douglas was among the most reluctant of hunters. Set in
his soft, middle-aged ways, he took several weeks to truly heed
the call, even after discovering that a vampire stalked his
mistress and, later, his wife. He eventually drove the monster
away — its predatory leer finally enraged him — but Douglas
was unwilling to even pursue the creature. He didn't feel fit to
judge it. For the first time in his life Douglas became aware of


HUNTERBOOK MARTYR

the faltering direction of his own moral compass, however. He
didn't change, mind you, but he did begin to feel guilt.

Eventually, the persistent vampire forced Douglas' hand
and the reluctant imbued resolved to move against it. How else
might he atone for the misdeeds of his past and present: the
infidelity to his wife; the death of their son, for which Douglas
blamed himself? Even now, he doubts his moral fitness and the
legitimacy of the hunt, but he's willing to assume the respon-
sibility of wrongdoing himself, if only to spare others.

Douglas has fallen in with a group of hunters in his home,
Iron Rapid, Michigan. His old life is falling apart. He has lost
his corporate job and is estranged from his wife. He's made off
with their joint savings to support his endeavors — merely
another sin in the name of the hunt. His wife may not
understand, but it's for her own good.

In just a few months of activity against vampires and
shapechangers, Douglas has gone from green recruit to sea-
soned veteran. He isalways closed-mouthed about his victories
and defeats, but stories about him start to spread nevertheless.

Anna Suite, aka Dicrarrixii

Anna is no longer sure she can remember a time before
monsters. Even before the Heralds opened her eyes to the
horrible truth, she had seen the depths of human evil. She
had just started working as a lecturer at the university in
Sarajevo when the war broke out. Yugoslavia, the country
she had always known, collapsed around her. Croatia was the
first storm, but Bosnia-Herzegovina was the worst.

She listened to media analysts and armchair historians the
world over try tosum up her homeland's conflict: It was the Serb
fault, the Croats' fault, the Muslims' fault, the EU's fault, the UN's
fault. Anna knewall too well that blameis futile. Croats, Serbsand
Muslims all did a thorough job of brutalizing one another while
the world sat back and watched. The fact that the Serbs wound up
running the camps and dragging Anna and her family off had
more todo with power than politics. Allevil has todo with power.

The months in the camp were ablur of pain and fear. Goran,
a Serbian boy who had once been a friend of the family, took
special pleasure in using her, and she reserved a special hatred for
him. Anna bears a terrible scar on her neck and shoulder from

where he taught her a lesson with boiling kitchen grease. One
night, when he was drunk on smuggled Russian vodka, she stole
his knife and showed him just how "helpless" she really was. That
the UN peacekeepers rolled into town the next day was just fate's
way of making Anna live with the memories.

Anna's brother married an American in the 1980s and she
immigrated with their help, leaving the insanity behind. Of
course, the dreams of Goran, The Pig and the rest of her
tormentors persisted, but she hoped for a better life in the United
States. Instead, she discovered new nightmares.

That first night at her brother's house in Queens, the
dreams came stronger than ever. Instead of the disparate
images of pain and life before, she relived abuse after abuse in
detail. Goran, The Pig, Goran and The Pig. She was drown-
ing in her own despair — or being choked by it. She woke
with a start to discover the things over her bed. Translucent
people smiling with rotted teeth, feeding on her pain. The
hungry dead. She screamed and pushed the ghosts away.

Anna discovered the first hunter-net shortly after she started
work at the New York Public Library asa researcher. Other imbued
helped her establish a rapport with the ghosts who haunted her, and
she finally got one of them to convince the rest to leave her alone.
She shuddered when the spirits faded for the last time—moredeath
in her life. Anna participated in several "hunts," both alone and
with other imbued. She met Scott Fairlane, a contractor who'd also
seen the truth, and convinced him to join hunter-net as Builder50.
She and hunter-net founder Witness] became friends, at least as
much as people can be in anonymous cyberspace.

But despair slowly eroded whatever resolve Anna had.
There were too many monsters, and she watched the other
imbued slowly tear each other apart. Friends died and others
became as bad as her onetime abusers. She slowly dropped out
of the "life," stopped posting to the list and tried to ignore the
monsters. She read but rarely responded to email sent to
dictatrixl 1@hunter-net.org. Traveler and Witness sent her
the most reliable news: Oracle171's madness. The murders of
Cop90 and Builder50. More and more death.

Then came Sam Baines. An imbued madman, he
convinced that the greatest monsters were "skulkers," hunters
who weren'tas committed as he was. Having lurked on hunter-


net, he tortured and killed other chosen and would have made
Anna another of his victims. She was ready to let it happen,
to finally give in to the pain and despair. She wanted to die.

But she couldn't. She couldn't leave the cause to madmen
like Baines. The imbued needed to know there was a way to fight,
to die if need be, without becoming monsters themselves. She
fought back, and she killed Baines.

Anna is still fighting.

PRoFite

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence (Insightful) 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics (History) 4, Alertness 2, Aware-
ness 2, Brawl 2, Computer 2, Crafts (Metal Work) 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Law 2, Leadership 1,
Linguistics 4, Medicine 1, Melee 2, Research (Library) 4,
Science 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1, Survival 3

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Arsenal 1, Contacts 3

Edges: (Martyrdom) Demand, Witness; (Redemption)
Bluster; (Vision) Foresee

Mercy: 5, Vision: 2, Conviction: 5, Willpower: 8

SuNDARAM SINGH

Rumors persist of a holy man hiding in the wilds of Indian-
occupied Kashmir who has declared a jihad against not only the
oppressive Indian rulers of the province, but also against the
"blue-eyed devils" who control them and the Pakistani govern-
ment. This leader, one Sundaram Singh, reputedly was a school
teacher in Peshawar when he receiveda vision one nightshowing
the "work of the great devils" that set India and Pakistan at odds.
He claims, through religious leaflets distributed in the region, that
the devils' ultimate goal is to starta terrible battle for Kashmir that
will broaden until it engulfs the world. Given that the two
countries are the world's newest nuclear powers, Singh's pro-
phetic statements possess a frightening degree of credibility.

People who have met Singh — mostly Pathan tribesmen
suming man "with the power to
of strength have already become

as his supposed ability to heal

move mountain:
legendary in the province,

the sick. The latter acts, in particular, have apparently earned
him a desperate following in this poor part of the country and
brought his teachings an eager and loyal audience.
Singh'smiracles, however, havea chilling purpose. Since his
name has become widespread in the province, there have been an
alarming number of suicide bombings directed against Indian
government outposts and civilian settlements. It's said that once
he heals the sick, Singh explains that he gives a gift from Heaven
that must be repaid. Unless the person uses his or her divinely
given vitality to strike at the heart of the devils, Heaven will
return the sickness a hundred-fold. The Indian government
regards Singh as the leader of a Pakistan-funded terrorist group
and has senta number of soldiers into the field to apprehend him.
So far, the Pathan tribes have managed to protect him from
capture. Pakistan has responded as well, increasing funds to
"freedom fighters" in the province and using Singh's example to
stir up increased resistance against the Indian government.
Certain members of hunter lists have commented that,
despite Singh'sclaims, he actually appears to be helping tue devils
tumhishome intoanuclearflashpoint. None of the imbuedknow
as yet what to make of Singh, but several hunters have voiced an
interest in journeying to the province to make contact with him.

Tue Ancet of Bertin

Certainly one of the best-known and yet most mysterious
of the devoted is an individual whom German hunters have
begun to call the Angel of Berlin. No one admits having ever
seen this person in the flesh, but his (or her) exploits have
saved the lives of several hunters who have suffered reversals
gainst the bloodsuckers that infest the German capital.

The Angel's modus operandi appears to be shadowing a
hunter or group, providing timely warnings of monster or police
ambush, and occasionally arranging for vital equipment or
medical supplies to materialize. Whoever the Angel is, he has
demonstrated considerable skill at surveillance and computer
hacking, and at long-range marksmanship in more than one
incident. The only contact the Angel makes is by telephone or
email. Hunters who have heard his voice report that it's elec-
tronically altered, and emails that have been traced always lead
back to one of Berlin's many cybercafes. The emails themselves
always end with the same phrase, "We also serve who watch and
wait." Below the sig line is a text-improvised representation of
the devoted symbol, proof for many that the Angel is one of the
imbued, not a subtle bloodsucker manipulating hunters for its
own ends, as some still suspect.

Most speculation regarding the Angel leads hunters
back to the same basic profile. The person is a fellow imbued,
evidently one of the devoted, who must have considerable
personal resources to perform his acts of generosity. He also
clearly has extensive contacts within the Berlin police anda
considerable amount of hard intelligence on the activities of
the city's monsters.

Ifanyone can point toa flaw in the Angel's activities, it's
that he is apparently willing to support hunters regardless of
their motives or ruthlessness. It's been confirmed that the
bomb that tore through an office building near the newly
renovated Reichstag was built with explosives provided by
the Angel. The blast claimed 15 lives, most of them innocent
civilians on their way home from work. As well informed as
the Angel seems to be, it seems hard to believe that he
wouldn't know how the explosives would be used, which
leads some to question if Berlin's mysterious benefactor is as
angelic as his name suggests.


[Ei En 600

Every Revolytion Has Its Martyrs

"You monsters can't win. You can strike me down,
but another will rise to take my place!"

Martyrs: The sacrificial among hunters, but by no
means the lambs. Martyrs believe that inspiring the
imbued against the supernatural means leading from
the front, suffering the teeth and claws of the enemy
and perhaps even dying for the cause. What makes
these hunters lay down their very lives for humanity?
Guilt? Love? Faith? Does it matter? Just don't let their
sacrifice be in vain.

They Die for Your Salvation

Hunter Book: Martyr is part of
a Hunter: The Reckoning
series dedicated to the
creeds, the character
types of the imbued.
Learn Martyrs'
philosophies, motives
and ultimate goals in
dedicating their lives to

the cause. New Traits,

edges and rules help them
make the ultimate
\ sacrifice. It's dict cross

——— g. to bear.

WAN = THO Con
