# File: Masquers.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


by Ethan Skernp


ZA MILKARY OPERATION INVOLVES DECEPTION
Even cChousp YOU ARE COMPETENT, APPEAR
TO Be iNComPETENnc. Ghouch EFFECTIVE AP-
PEAR TO BE INEFFECTIVE.

- Sun Cau, Che Arc of CLAR

Written by: Ethan Skemp

Developed by: Richard E. Dansky

Edited by: Ronni Radner

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Aileen E. Miles and Lawrence Snelly

Art: Mike Chaney, John Cobb, Henry Higgenbotham, Fred
Hooper, Eric Lacombe, Matt Milberger, Scott Theisen, Drew Tucker
Cover Design by: Matt Milberger

Layout & Typesetting: Matt Milberger

Fy 780 PARK NoRTH BLYD.
See Suite 100
CLARKSTON, CA 30021

USA
GAME STUDIO

©1995 by White Wolf. Alll rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews.
Wraith: The Oblivion, Wraith Players Guide and
Guildbook: Artificers are trademarks and copyrights of
White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
marks or copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader dis-
cretion is advised.

Slander created by Ethan Skemp. Lord Ember and
Miklos created by Richard E. Dansky. Thusimos created
by Beth Fischi. Dame Katrin created by Ethan Skemp
and Richard E. Dansky.

Check out White Wolf on the World Wide Web at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com

Guildbook: Masquers

Special Thanks To:

Kim "Don't Be Telling Them That" Pullen, for her hard work, dedi-
cation and remarkable skill at telling us all exactly where to go.
Trace "Department Mommy" oConner, for coming home, but
abandoning her children for other responsibilities.

Justin "Six Dollars?" Achilli, for trying out the wrong sort of
Stairmaster.

Pauly "Go North, Young Man!" LePree, for his efforts to cre-
ate the sequel to Canadian Bacon.

Kathy "Rockclimbing Ninjas in Alabama" Ryan, for the Mage
game that never was...curse the Days Inn, anyway.

Ralph "Gone But Not Forgotten" Schonemann, for, err, umm,
what did that guy do, anyway?

Rob "5-Point Fetter" Hatch, for what he attempted to do,
out of the goodness of his heart, with the Saran Wrap, the
alcohol and the E&D manager in the Catholic-High-School
Girls'-Field-Hockey-Team-Uniform skirt.

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, Part ii
Chapter One: Life at the Masque

Chapter Two: Truths Told by Liars

Chapter Three: Taking the Stage

Chapter Four: Chisel and Clay

Chapter ive: Faces

Appendix: Dramatis Personae

Table of Content

Contents


Parti: Feints and Rpostes

n the outside, it was a simple ziggurat in a
§| middle-class Stygian borough. On the in-
side, it was an Escherian labyrinth of shad-
owy openings, false stairs, hidden doors
and more rooms than even the architects
remembered. This peculiar architecture
made it, to Dame Katrin's mind, a perfect
metaphor for the Guild it housed. In a particularly elegant
twist, a crack patrol of Legionnaires prowled the surrounding
streets at Swiss-watch-precision regular intervals. More than
anything, the complex was comfortable and secure — at least
for those permitted to occupy it.

And why not? the Masquer spokeswraith mused as the
building came into view. Stygia can be a pleasant place to live
and to carry out your work, as long as you know what's what. Of
course, it's not idyllic, and there are certainly areas that could be
improved, but everything in its time and place...

The Masquer diplomat had, out of habit, already shed the
form of the willowy houri "she" had worn to the Guildmasters'
secret conclave. The wraith who crossed the large building's
threshold was a short, pear-shaped black man whose gargoylish
mask hid an acne-scarred countenance. His footsteps, soft as they
were, echoed in the barren entry chambers. Buta hundred paces ¥
and eight doors later, he stood in a brightly lit, almost plush room
that resembled a Victorian den. A lean, gray-haired wraith stood
patiently in a comer, hands clasped behind his back. "Welcome 9)
back," he said politely. "What news of the council?"

"Quite a bit, Panax. It makes for an interesting story — ¥
Charon betrayed, Siklos recovered — but I'd never be fool
enough to swallow the entire tale as they served it to me."

"Ah. Well, I have sent word to some of our brethren, and
some further detail should be forthcoming soon."

"You're a marvel, old friend."

"The meeting was called rather abruptly," mused Panax.
"I had just gotten used to the regular schedule. Your fellow
‘conspirators' — did they seem familiar?"

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls 7

The other wraith stretched, lengthening into a longer,
leaner form. "They're for the most part pretenders, or so they'd
have us believe. Lord Ember seems too... convincingly sti-
fling to be an impostor. But what do you expect from that
Guild? Thusimos had quite a bit to say. I'd hazard he holds
fair rank, or else is a superb decoy. But most of them acted
entirely too naive for Guildmasters. Very unprofessional."

"And | take it they thought the same of you?"

"What do you mean — indulging in deception? Of course
the Masquers would be." The gothic mask softened, ran and con-
gealed into the features of a completely unremarkable young man.
"As disliked as we are, we'd have to be fools to let our Guildmaster
attend such a feast of arrogant lordlings." He removed the irides-
cent cloak with great reverence, then softly released it. It flut-
tered to the stony floor as cloth and rose again as a slender girl,
ten years old (at the most) when she died.

Both men bowed deeply. The young girl nodded sharply, then
waggled her fingers as if to make sure that they were all still there.

"Thank you for your assistance, Panax. You are dismissed.
You too, Fulke. Go explain to the Council of Tides what the
Sandmen would have of us. I shall see to the rest."

"My fellow Guildmasters." The young girl's curtsey was very
polite, very courtly, but her eyes never looked away from the six
wraiths at the relic mahogany table. Like them, she had donned

Gi

y
i/

a mask for the meeting. The Council's whimsy had settled onto
yet another theme for the year, and thus Drusilla covered her
face with an antiquated relic fashioned in Columbine's likeness.

"Mistress Drusilla." The speaker was a portly wraith in
plum period costume, his mask that of the archetypal Harle-
quin himself. "I trust there was good reason for Ember's latest
emergency meeting?"

"So the: ," replied the tiny Masquer, settling herself into
the unoccupied seventh chair. "According to M'lord Overdone,
Charon himself was betrayed, offered up to Gorool by a mysteri-
ous traitor. Not only this, but according to a number of dreaming
mortals, he may not be dead. Well, less so than usual."

"How peculiar," breathed the Scaramouche-masked scare-
crow. "Did the Sandmen have anything to say on this matter?"

"Oddly enough, they promptly changed the subject. Of
course, Thusimos couldn't just come out and say what was on his
mind; no, we got a song-and-dance with props. Siklos, to be pre-
cise, or a handsome facsimile. To make a long story short, they
want every Guild to select a volunteer to wander into the Laby-
rinth itself, where they claim Charon's toy rests. I've written up
all the pertinent details, and you'll soon have them. You'll also
get verification once we can switch the seat cushions."

The sleek, corded wraith with the Doctor's mask stirred
and nodded. "I've already got a journeyman on it."


soft French
accent that evoked centuries past, "I suppose we should settle
on a course of action. I presume that everyone here believes
the other Guilds are withholding tidbits of information?" The
other six masks nodded promptly. "Then I suggest we pause
fora moment and see what else we can overhear before we set
a course of action for the Guild as a whole. I prefer to avoid
any sort of foolhardy charge alongside the rest of the Guilds;
far better to act when well informed."

"No argument here," offered Pantaloon. "I've some per-
sonal interest in finding Charon, and I know you've dealt with
him before, Master Moliére..." — the Harlequin gracefully
bowed from the waist, still seated, at this — "...but we'd be
fools to dive in without testing the waters first. As far as enter-
ing the Labyrinth goes, I have a promising young Helldiver who
might be ideal as our representative."

The Doctor stroked her chin. "One with Castigate train-
ing, yes?"

"But of course. This mission strikes me as an ideal place
for certain wraiths' Shadows to get loose and betray the whole
party. I want someone there who can prevent such a tragedy
— or, failing that, someone who can get out quickly enough
to report to us what happened."

"Well then." Harlequin made a show of stretching lan-
guidly. "I believe all that's left is choosing personal approaches
to the situation. For those that are interested, of course. I, for

y

one, am positively alive with ideas. The possibilities seem vit-
tually endless. Shall we disperse, then, and reconvene when
we've decided what events to set in motion?"

The wraith with Pulcinello's face cleared his throat, an
obvious affectation. "Another item of business has arisen that
I believe merits this Council's attention — a contract from a
mysterious client in the Chanteurs' Guild, a contract so fresh
you can almost smudge the ink."

Drusilla's eyebrow arched like a cat. "Not to be disre-
spectful, Guildmaster, but this is hardly the hiring fair. I pre-
sume the contract is of especial note?"

The motley-clad wraith offered her a scroll of relic paper.

"Read it for yourself. Apparently our friend Miklos hashadenough @ 8

of Ember's abuse, and wants him to learn a rather vivid lesson.
The contract's for a Harrowing. Goodness me, whoever's wear ¥
ing Katrin's face next is going to be in for some fireworks."

Drusilla skimmed the contract, fixating on the signature at

the bottom. Her eyebrow twitched up again, this time more abruptly.
"Well. Master Ember, I hope you've visited your Pardoner
recently." 7

Reclining in an armchair in the most secluded study of
the knotted, sulphurous mansion that he called home, Lord
Ember, Master of Apprentices to the Eldest Guild, muttered
quietly to himself. For once, his dream of the return of the
Guilds was not foremost in his brain; instead, he sat drum-


ming his fingers on the edge of a heavy desk and mulling over
the image of an ancient scythe.

"Siklos. Siklos." He shook his head as if to clear it. "Why
now? Damned if] know. Only an Oracle could figure out these
coincidences. Or maybe I'm being deceived. But that was
Siklos' image, sure as I'm dead. Someone's hiding more than
they're telling. Or are they? Damn it, why now?"

A soft knock came from the door. "Lord Ember?" The
voice was muffled, but familiar.

The Artificer sighed and stood. "Enter, Danika."

The door opened, and a young female in apprentices'
robes cautiously stepped into the study. The soulforges were
already beginning to blacken her skin just so, and her voice
was thick and a touch raspy from too much smoke.

"My lord, I have the reports from our spies in the Emer-
ald and Grim Legions."

Ember nodded and took the pseudo-slate tablets from her
arms. "Good. Now, back to your studies. This business will
not hold me forever, and I expect your skills to have improved
since last I tested them."

Danika bowed, but did not turn to leave immediately.
Her gaze flickered over the Artifact elephant gun on the wall,
across a brace of portraits, and up to the mosaic ceiling.

"It's a very interesting manse you have here, milord." Her
voice was suddenly smoother, gender-neutral. "Very appropriate."

Despite Ember's reputation as a pompous, antiquated psy-
chotic, he hadn't risen to the position of Guildmaster by be-
ing slow of wit. He snatched at the heavy mallet resting by
the desk, but the "girl" was faster. The plasm-skin on her hand
tipped, exploding away from the eight-inch talons underneath.
Ember recoiled as the claws raked across the back of his hand.

"Assassin!" he snarled, backing farther out of the
intruder's reach. "If you've hurt my apprentice..."

"How insulting." Danika's skin bulged and tore away from
the armored, sexless wraith who suddenly stood taller than
Ember. "My business — and it is just that, Master Artificer —
is with you, not your protégé."

Ember's eyes widened, and his teeth ground together.
"You. Of course. Only Slander would be so bold. How dare
you oppose me, Masquer?" Air rippled like a mirage around
his rapidly heating form. "Your Guild will benefit like all the
rest if we can return Charon! Are you traitor even to your
own brethren?"

The Masquer sighed coolly. "I just told you, Lord Ember.
Self-interest has nothing to do with this." And with that, Slan-
der was moving like quicksilver, almost too fast for Ember to see.

Ember threw one forearm up to block, but the Masquer's
bladed hands whirled neatly around his guard. One, two, then
three long yet shallow slashes opened up along the Artificer's
ribcage. Ember grunted and lashed back at his assailant with a
two-handed chop. He was off by only a hair, but it was enough to
convert a devastating punch into a glancing blow. Although long


years of soulforging had given him inhuman strength, most of his
punch's force rolled off the Masquer's shining armor like water
from a green leaf. Instead, the force of the strike overbalanced
Ember, and he half-stumbled a step forward.

Slander caught the off-balance Artificer neatly by one
arm and executed a neat Aikido throw. Ember hit the ground
rolling, coming up against the desk and shifting into a ready
guard position. The Masquer immediately lunged in as if mean-
ing to pin him like a butterfly against his own furniture. Em-
ber responded with a quick kick to Slander's kneecap; the
assassin staggered briefly, but almost instantly recovered. Still,
it was all the time Ember needed.

Rising, the Artificer stamped against the metal floor. His foot
hit with the sound of a thunderbolt. Electricity flooded the room,
arcing up from the baseboards and metal plates and across the
furniture, rocketing up and down Slander's frame. The Masquer
lurched and toppled, and Ember took the instant of reprieve to
seize the hammer from the desk. He struck once, twice, three times,
pounding Slander's limbs in an attempt to cripple the fallen wraith.
One of the Masquer's legs bowed and doubled up under the blows
as shining plasm spurted along the still-crackling floor.

"Twice-damned Masquer assassin." Ember straightened
up, mopping his brow out of reflex. "Who sent you, damn
you? Your Guild? The Spectres?" Somewhere in the back of

Ember's mind, somebody was screaming, No! Don't taunt the §
Masquer, run! Get help! Another voice, deeper and stronger,
purred, Yes. The assassin's ours. Strength flooded the Master
Attificer. Let's punish the upstart now, you and I.

Ember towered over the prone wraith. He seized the
Masquer's hair in one charred fist and raised the mallet. "What
to do with you? You aren't the only one who can Moliate your
victims, monster. But I think it's going to be the soulforges for
the infamous Slander."

And then something like a metal adder uncoiled from the
Masquer's back and struck the Artificer in the chin with bone-
shattering force. Ember's head snapped back, and he felt his jaw
fragment on one side from the impact. His vision blurred, but he
could see Slander moving again. Suddenly afraid, Ember lunged
for the elephant gun on the wall. He didn't make it.

The Masquer's chest half-exploded into shards of glis-
tening plasm, soul-shrapnel that tore into Ember, shoving him
into the wall. He hit hard, his blackened Corpus snapping
and popping with the impact. His tongue probed around the
wreckage of his jaw even as he reached up for the gun, but it
was too late. "Dahhnn... yyhh... Hhhlaaannnddrr..."

The other wraith straightened, twisted limbs unfolding
and sliding back into shape. Within seconds, its frame was
intact again, save fora slight limp. It raised the glittering spike
that had grown at its right wrist, almost as if saluting the Master
of Apprentices.

"May this be an educational experience, Lord Ember."

The spike smashed through Ember's head, and the Mas-
ter Artificer fell into the talons of Oblivion.



There is great skill in knowing how to conceal one's skill.
— Frangois, Duc de La Rochefoucauld, Reflections

q| rom a letter delivered to the Renegade Gang, 4
ree Dwelling Among the Shapers
Hi, guys. You can stop worrying now — i i
everything's going really well so far. I'm be-
ing treated fairly — well, fairly. There's some
less-than-friendly competition now and then
between apprentices, but one of my teach-
ers has kind of adopted me. The lessons are coming along great,
and I'm picking up a lot of tips just by keeping my ears open. You | to find a smaller one inside, then another
were right, Stone: If we could somehow manipulate a wing of the < one and another and so on. The organiza-
Guild into helping us out, we'd be in excellent shape. tion around here works like that, with
I've had to use a lot of tricks to get this report to you. If they circles inside circles inside circles all the way up to the 4
find out I sent this, I'm going to be some journeyman's wall hang- Guildmasters. Even the geography of your typical Masquer
ing. For Charon's sake, destroy this letter but good once you're headquarters is laid out in kind of the same way.
finished with it. I'll try to get myself out before too much longer. For starters, there are two levels to every Masquer com-
I know, time's of the essence, but I can't act too quickly without _ plex. What even the most trusted clients see is the Guildhouse,
attracting attention. Until I can talk to you in person, here's a_ which is kind of the hiring house for contract work. This is
rundown of what I've seen in the last year. where you go if you're good friends with an Idunn too tal-

he metaphor that won't go away when I
think about this Guild is that of the Rus-
| sian nesting dolls. You know the ones I'm. Af
P| talking about, the ones that you pop open

Chapter One: Life at the Masque (or, Guild Society and Workings) 13

Zw Sa

initiation

Elena stepped ne
Masquers. Her bare fee
stony floor. She could swear that a wine
the dark room, right through her nake
she thought. She repr

The tallest Masquer noisclessly stepped forward
and raised his hands. The rohe's sleeves slid down his
forearms, revealing long, silvery fingers. A pair of eyes
beneath the hood briefly met Elena's, and then the
cold hands plunged into her Corpus

Elena's mouth dropped open in shock as she felt
her plasm melt and flow, shaped by the Masquer's icy
fingers. She involuntarily dropped to one knee, shin
ing strands of her very being running back to the
sculptor's hands. He released the handfuls he'd taken
and then two other wraiths stepped forward

Elena would have choked if she could, as the two
began swiftly and soundlessly to mold her into some
thing surreal and terrible. With a brief gesture, onc
Masquer smoothed away her eyes, leaving only the sen
sation of the hands playing with her plasm, re-creat
ing her. When these touches withdrew, Elena tried not
to think about what would come next

And then the half-trained apprentices began tc

work on her, inexpertly folding and stretching her in

the same rough way that creative children stretch soft

clay. They pushed, pulled, twisted just as her room

ented to work at the average Stygian salon, or a Warsmith
whose work isn't for casual hire. And don't think they'll let
you in or even admit that a Guildhou:
sure you won't tell. Trust me, they've got
sincerity, and lots of wa:
getting in here.

The Guildhouse, by the by, is also where the Masquers do
most of their dealings with members of other Guilds. Thi
they bring out apprentices for a session with a Pardoner or hire
on to a Sandman troupe. This inter-Guild trade is fairly brisk,
and it accounts for most of the Guildhouse dealin;

sts unless they're
your
to enforce their s It's sy

where

But further into the maze is what they call the Masque, where
Guild members without other arrangements live. This is where
Guild apprentices get trained, too. | haven't seen much of the
Guildhouse since my initiation rite. I almost feel like I'm in some
Byzantine boarding school where your most feared teacher might,
just might, live in the room right above your ceiling.

That's two nesting dolls. There might be more somewhere
back in there, but I haven't seen any hint as to what they
might be.

Guildbook: Masquers

mate had said they would. By the time they pulled
away, Elena was no longer recognizable
Now. Now | have to show them. Elena

nage of her face. She'd spent some time wit

x elders would come ar

whole Corpus, gently softening it. You're in, girl, if you
can just stand up!

The twisted knot of plasm on the floor rippled,
then again, and then finally straightened. Slowly, as if
being born for the third time, Elena rose, tottered a
bit on freshly resculpted feet, and opened her eyes

Like cherubs attending Aphrodite, the two near
est Masquers wrapped Elena in a gray robe

THeM

Attitud

The most important caveat | can think of regarding the
is: Expect anything and everything. Sure, they've

in their ranks who are about as subtle as chaii
to the head. They've also recruited wraiths whose machina-
tions do the Deathlords proud. The worst part is, the two kinds
are interchangeable. Yes, the gossipy Idunn you frequent to-

day can be the semi-Spectre thug you meet tomorrow.

But there's an amiability to most of them that you'd never
ect from their reputation. | think it has to do with their
(quite respectable) business ethics. You know how the Usu-
ters have this tendency to look at everybody as if they were a
potential resource? That's close to the Masquer attitude. The
difference is that the Masquers see you as a potential customer,
and are therefore far more agreeable. For the most part, that
is. I've seen what happens to those who irk the Guild, and
the sort of thing that Sandmen who play muse

to the Gigers and Dalis of the world would love to use.
Most of the Guild members are really polite and nice to
each other, at least back in the Masque. They're pretty so-


ciable with their clients, too. That's a great word for the
Masquets, actually. Sociable. Even if they really aren't inter-
ested in how your day went, they're polite enough to fake it
and good enough to put you at ease.

But still, 1 get frightened sometimes in my room after
hours, just before I try to catch up on my Slumber. They say
there's somebody here who papers the walls of his cell with
Skinmasks, and he wants to have the place completely deco-
rated with them before the turn of the millennium. Can you
think of how many it might take? And the most horrible thing
is that he might be my teacher. He might be the pleasant
young guy down the hall who wants to be a Warsmith. She
might even be that timid little apprentice two rooms over
who half-smiles at me every time I pass her in the hall. I learned
you can't take a Masquer at face value really early on; I wish I
knew which ones are the real self-satisfied, honest wraiths
and which ones are lying out of habit.

Recruitment

So who joins the Masquers? If you've seen what the re-
ally good Shapers charge, your first guess might be that the
naturally greedy try to sign up. Nope. Don't get me wrong,
the Twisters like to make a good solid profit as much as any-
body else, but the money-minded are far better off with the
Usurers. (Yes, I know — I'll talk about them later.)

My best guess (and this is based very loosely on my expe-
riences — not all Masquers are the loquacious sort) is that
Masquers recruit heavily from people who have a strong sense
of who they are, and who don't base that on who they seemed
to be in life. I'm not talking about those "I was fat in the flesh
but am a god in the plasm" types. You can get your ideal Cor-
pus after an expensive visit to a Masquer; you don't have to
join the Guild to become beautiful. No, I'm talking about the
people who had a self-image miles away from what everybody
else saw. Maybe they were reclusive and weak back when they
were alive, but now they're strong and dynamic. Sure, that'd
make sense. But I've also run into the type who was drop-
dead gorgeous in life, but who takes on unassuming forms now
because they got tired of all the attention. (Or so they said...
yeah, I know Masquers don't always tell the whole truth.)

But it's bizarre how Guild life affects them. Until that
absolute need for human contact gets hold of you, you almost
forget about the Skinlands entirely. Not all Masquers care
about the living, you know. There's nothing Moliate can do
to the Quick, so if the Quick have no real impact on the Guild,
there's not much point in hanging around them except to use
them as a source of Pathos. And our friends the Usurers will
supply Pathos to us at discount prices... 1 imagine there are
probably a bunch of Domems somewhere in this Guild. It's
creepy how few Masquers miss living friends or relatives. I
guess for a lot of them, the unlife is a step up.


There's a real mood of practicality and purpose in these
halls. I'd expected some kind of artists' commune, with ev-
eryone all caught up in their fantasies of what they can see,
do or become. But the Masquers never forget who they are,
and they base that self-perception on their Shadowlands ex-
istence. I guess we need an ironclad sense of personal identity
with all the changing around we do. Old joke: What do you
call an indecisive Masquer?

A Doppelganger. Har har.

internal Strata

The Guild's internal organization is more understood than
carefully explained. I know, that's not very helpful. Well, the
basic layers of novice, apprentice, journeyman and master are
present. I think that's a holdover from the earliest times, and my
teacher says that these levels exist in most Guilds. (Who'd know
better, right?) You're a novice when the Guild admits to you its
existence as an organization and agrees to train you (just after
you pass your background check, naturally.) You become an ap-
prentice after you learn the basic arts of Moliate and undergo
your initiation. That's where I was six months back.

Don't ask me what the dividing line between an appren-
tice and a journeyman is, though. I don't know, and I'm a
journeyman. I train a little more in some of the other Arcanoi
(which really weirds me out, even considering that I'm only
learning a basic art or two), and I'm quite a bit better at sculpt-
ing plasm, but there wasn't any rite or anything like that.
Master L. came to my door one afternoon, handed me a
tiny soulsteel badge, and that was it. Congratulations, and
good luck on your continuing studies. (Oh, and Fox, don't
give me any crap about the sexist title. I kind of like it — it
sounds all archaic and everything. Besides, the alternative's
"journeywraith" or "journeyer." Really elegant.)

I suppose you become a master when your talent's just
too impressive for you to be called anything else. I've studied
under at least three, and they're really good. Impossible to
describe, though. Just like a really fantastic painting. Sure,
you could spew out that art-school pabulum about "underly-
ing metaphors" and "abstract sensuality," but what I've seen
taught me something about art. There are the people who
stand arqund and talk about it, trying to make themselves
look good. Then there are the people who make it, because
they just have to — because it sticks inside them and they
have to get it out somehow. That's what a master Masquer is.
The Guild sees through phonies pretty quickly.

There are various textures to the ranks, too, and I'm not too
clear on how to describe them. Some journeymen around here
get treated better than some of the masters. I can recognize them
and act appropriately, but I'm not sure what the criteria are.

The people at the top are the Guildmasters. I think they
organize into Councils, ones that keep sporadically changing
their names. Or maybe the Silver Soul Council has a differ-

Thoueht and Memory

Mention the word "Mnemos" to a Masquer and
you're likely to get a long, baleful glare. Accuse a Masquer
of being a Mnemos and you're even more likely to wind
up a sofa cushion for a Spook. The Shapers very much
dislike being compared to the long-scattered Mnemoi,
and their infamous sense of humor evaporates like a dew-
drop in Nhudr's foré when someone isaiuche-chouslt
in casual conversation to connect the two Guilds.

The Guild's reasoning is simple enough: Each ap-
prentice is taught first and foremost that the Mnemoi
and the Masquers were rivals in the field of informa-
tion brokering. Sure enough, the competition for
oboli, Pathos and other fees quickly grew quite in-
tense. The memory-miners soon developed a habit of
undermining Masquer activity, and learned to delight
in unmasking Moliated spies and assassins. Naturally,
this incensed the Shapers to no end, and what was
once a cool professional rivalry erupted into a furious
secret war. But the war had a happy outcome, Masquer
historians always happily The Masquer
Guildmasters, in a beautiful show of politicking and

proclaim

intrigue, subtly (and untraceably) advised Charon of
the Mnemoi's upper-level corruption. When the Em-
peror investigated, what he found enraged him. He
broke the Guild, cast its head into the Sunless Sea,
and exiled the Mnemoi to the shadowy corners of the
Underworld. To this day, the Mnemoi seek revenge,
bur the well-entrenched Masquers are able to play
defensively enough that almost all attempts at retri-
bution have come to naught.

In this, the Masquers are lying.

Although there was once a rivalry between the
Masquers and the Mnemoi, the two Guilds eventu-

ent collection of Guildmasters than the Ephemera Circle. It
could be like cabinet posts or senate committees or some-
thing like that. As is, I think there are about seven
Guildmasters. Visible ones, at any rate. It's a wonder anything
gets done around here — how do you know who outranks
whom without a program? Not that the illustrations
accurate for more than about eight minutes, anyv

Art or Prostitution?

I ranted a bit about art and Moliate a little while back
It's pretty much common belief (outside the Guild) that the
Masquers are prostitutes, doing all their work on commission.
Not like the Chanteurs or Sandmen, they say.

would be

Some Masquers get really touchy if you start bringing that

up, too. I know, real artists aren't supposed to care about money,

ally struck a truce.
to pry into Masquer affairs, and vice versa. The two

sentially, the Mnemoi agreed not

Guilds never became all that close, but when Charon
smashed the memory-readers, the Shapers took in some
refugees. In return for being hidden by the self-pro-
claimed paragons of espionage, the rogue Mnemoi be-
gan instructing some of the Masquers in the arts of
Mnemosynis.

This arrangement has proven incredibly benefi-
cial to both sides. A few Mnemoi are currently able to
exist safely (well, mostly safely) in the heart of Stygia
and the greater Necropoli, and take advantage of the
added opportunities of city life. And armed with even
low-level arts of Mnemosynis, the Masquers are able
to practice more and more elaborate and realistic de-
ceptions. The Fetches alone have prospered immensely
since the Mnemoi's fall.

It goes without saying that this is one of the great-
est secrets of the Masquers' Guild. Any wraith even
suspected of learning the truth is in quite a bit of trouble
from the Shapers and any Mnemoi they protect. In
fact, perhaps not a twentieth of the Masquers know of
their Guild's Mnemoi connection. It is on a strictly
need-to-know basis — and no wraith not directly loyal
to either Guild needs to know. Best not to dwell on
the fate of those who actually came close to uncover-
ing this secret...

(In fact, some Masquers in the know wonder if
Charon in fact destroyed the head of the Mnemoi all
ly, the
ubter-
fuge are quite disturbing, and none of the aforemen-

those years ago — or a clever facsimile. Nature
implications of such a complex and cunning

tioned Masquers care to dwell on the thought for long.)
but the Shapers have an eye for profit. T

dichotomy among the Guild, but so far the "w
and get paid z

is something of a
do damn fine art
bonus" camp has the most follow:

T guess you could say that the Guild is run by enlightened
self-interest more than from the desire to make a statement.
It seems to be the logical way for us to do things, on account
of Charon's Edict of Brea
too. After all, since its formation, this Guild's had a tradition
of unabashed sneakiness.

The Guild's Alles

Warning: | really can't say for sure who the Masque!
consider to be their best "friends" among Guilds. All I have
to work with are the people who my fellow journeymen and I

ing. Maybe there are other reasons,

Chapter One: Life at the Masque (or, Guild Society and Workings)


can visit. That said, it's fairly common knowledge that the
Masquers and Usurers are frequently in bed with each other
(a figure of speech, for the most part). The nature of this alli-
ance seems to stem from both Guilds' taste for businesslike,
practical solutions to sticky problems. It also means your av-
erage Usurer has some nastily sculpted enforcers to call on,
and your average Masquer has plenty of Pathos to work with.
Just what you wanted to hear, right?

Of the others, the Proctors seem to get along fairly well
with us. There seems to be a three-Guild cabal between us,
the Proctors and the Haunters; the resulting "Apparition
Squads" (my name, not theirs) can pretty much evict the
Quick from any house in nothing flat. The Masquers also have
a bit of an "artists' understanding" with the Sandmen and
Chanteurs. I can say that I've personally never seen a Sand-
man troupe without a Masquer on its payroll. So if you intend
to move in on the Masquers in any given area, expect at least
a little hindrance from these Guilds. On the other hand, the
Solicitors and Monitors don't seem to care for the Masquers
much. Not that I''d recommend hiring one of those green-
eyed pushers anyway, but there you have it.

qhe Endgame

Okay, Stone, I know there's one question you wanted me
to answer. What are the Masquers up to, and how are they
going to achieve their ultimate goal?

Your guess is as good as mine.

Oh, I've heard rumors, mind you. Some say that Charon
himself will return triumphant to Stygia, only it'll be some really
powerful Fetch. Once the plan's been deemed foolproof, they'll
put it in motion and suddenly have control of Stygia through
"Charon." And if the Deathlords don't like it, well, nobody in
Stygia's so safe that it's impossible for her to disappear.

Another group says that the takeover of Stygia's already
begun, as more and more Hierarchs are gradually replaced by
impersonators. This seems a little silly to me, considering the
sheer number of well-trained Masquers you'd need to pull off
this coup, but considering how high up your average conspiracy
theory goes... Some people even say there's a secret alliance
between the Mnemoi and the Masquers. I get chills just think-
ing about it. If there were wraiths out there who could look
just like you, and have access to any and all of your memo-
ties... Brrr. Thankfully, I can say this is so much bunk. You so
much as say "Mnemos" in the Masque, and somebody grabs
your arm to give it a friendly little squeeze that leaves it look-
ing like a pretzel.

Now what I think is that we're trying to get some sort of
political leg up on all the other Guilds. The Guilds are more
organized and far larger than any other would-be Renegade
or Heretic groups, and besides, so many of these people enjoy
the shadowy cloak-and-dagger trade that I can't imagine them
wanting to go public once more. Nope, the real power to be


Signatures

Masquers are artists. As artists, they take pride
in their work, and they often feel the need to mark
their work as somehow their own. After all, what's

the point of creating an eloquently ornate carapace

fora client if nobody knows it's your design?

A Masquer's signature takes many forms. Some
Masquers might actually work their initials into a
filigreed knot of ornamentation. Others prefer to tint
the customer's nails a certain shade, or to push their
thumbprint into a shoulder blade. Players should be
creative in defining their Masquers' signatures
after all, one can the Corpus do nearly ¢
thing, and the customer is paying for quality

made can be found on the backstreets, and the best way to go
about getting it is the sneaky way. And if you haven't gotten
the point yet, sneakiness is this Guild's stock in trade. Sure,
we fit very nicely into Deadlands society, and we have little
enough to complain about. But an edge is an edge, and every-
body knows you can use every advantage you get these days.

farewell

Well, I've been putting off writing this final part, but...l'm
sorry, friends. I hate to tell you this, but I've lied. No, this
document isn't an entire work of fiction, but I've put some
misinformation in strategic places. Or maybe | haven't, and
I'm lying now. I'm really sorry. I guess it's osmosis from this
place — I've gotten to like the Masquers, and I've sopped up
some of their taste for subterfuge. Our taste for subterfuge.

L imagine you wouldn't want to see me if I came back to
the Cinder Mill. I guess I'm okay with that. I'll miss you, I
really will. Especially you, Ash. I hope you're the one who
reads this first. But you've just got to go with what suits you
best, and I think I've found it.

Take care, all.

For the last "Flys

Of Contracts

Masquers try their best to be honest in their dealings,
and they expect as much from their clients. More to the point,
they don't expect their clients to be naturally honest, and
therein lies the long tradition of contracts. This is a practice
some say the Masquers borrowed from the Usurers' Guild.

Simply put, a Masquer will rarely undertake any danger-
ous or potentially shady employment unless she has a written

guarantee of payment. The contracts are drawn up by Guild
elders, usually according to specific templates. Some haggling
over terms is acceptable, although a pushy employer may irti-
tate the Masquers so much that they flat-out refuse to do busi-
ness with him. (In some cases, this becomes very hazardous to
would-be employers. The Masquer assassin you offend may
proceed to inform your intended target of the plot almost laid
against her — and mention your name!)

Breaking a contract with a Masquer is considered to be
very bad form. On the other hand, if a Masquer is unable to
fulfill her end of the bargain, she will generally keep part of
the fee and do her best to hide any suspicious evidence. How-
ever, a partial job is better than no job at all, and if a Shaper
deliberately breaks a contract, she may well be taken into the
hidden rooms of the Masque and never heard from again.
Employers who renege on their half of an agreement may be
blacklisted, Harrowed or worse. Those who hire a Masquer
only to give her over to her target: (a favored Hierarchy tac-
tic) are the most reviled. These betrayers earn the worst Guild
punishments: Those whom the Guild catches often spend the
rest of their afterlives as doormats, torches or worse.

Calings

@| nly a fool tries to be everything to every-
S| one. The Guilds arose because there was a
need for specialization, and like all Guilds,
the Masquers have further diversified
within their ranks. If admitted into the
Stygian Guildhouse itself, a customer
could likely find at least four Masquers who
have concentrated on any of the particular arts of Moliate.

Hereafter follow some of the more widely recognized Masquer
specialist groups. Many can be hired without going through the Guild
(the Idunn and Warsmiths in particular), but others carefully check
their clients' reputations before arranging a meeting. After all, one
of the Masquers' mottoes is that you can never be too careful.

Arrangers

You've made an enemy of a very powerful person. It'll cost
double my usual fee, and half up front. However, I can guarantee
he'll get the message.

The most notorious of the Masquers, Arrangers do just what
they claim to — arrange things. Harrowings, disappearances,
sudden Moliations into Barghest form: These are the province of
the Masquers' equivalent of assassins. Sadly, Stygia has proven to
be a fertile hiring ground for the Arrangers, as the twists and
tums of politics often create a market for their services.

A typical contract with an Arranger can be for a simple
Harrowing, the equivalent of a very serious warning. The Ar-
ranger will simply exhaust her target's Corpus, pitching him

On Patience

The Masquer who feels herself slighted is a dan-
gerous enemy. If an entire local branch of the Guild
is offended, the results are far worse. In many cases,
the best an enemy can do is to lay low until the
Masquers forget about him and move on to other
business. However, this is not a proven method of
dodging Masquer attentions, as the example of In-
spector Elisha of Richmond attests.

It is unknown exactly how Elisha infuriated the
local Masquers; perhaps it had something to do with
his intolerance of art and crackdowns on residing art-
ists. He most assuredly sent at least one Guild mem-
ber to the soulforges during one of his persecutory
crusades, but there was no immediate response to this
insult. In fact, it was almost 30 years before the
Masquers struck back.

A Grim Legion patrol learned the whereabouts
ofa local incendiary Heretic cult, one with a decid-
edly political streak to its nature. The patrol man-
aged to storm its headquarters, capturing all the Her-
etics within. As they scoured the premises, they dis-
covered to their surprise a cell — one in which the
Inspector was locked, pale and infirm for lack of Pa-
thos. The Inspector immediately cried out that the
Heretics had planted a Masquer look-alike in his
position, and that they were only keeping him around
to drain his mind with Mnemosynis. He maintained
this story even when it was brought before the Mar
shal, who determined he was telling the truth. En-
tirely too many of his facts were accurate, and too
much of his story made sense. The Marshal led a squad
in to arrest the false Inspector, who proclaimed his
authenticity up to the point that he was placed on
the anvil. Elisha was restored to his post, and resumed
business as usual. Two months later, the reinstated
Elisha vanished without a trace.

into the Tempest. Far more expensive are contracts that re-

quire a wraith to vanish permanently. These victims often

wind up as Moliated pieces of furniture or as tapestries, or
perhaps as Barghest stock. Some enterprising Arrangers will
sell off the victim's Pathos or Corpus to the Usurers before
utterly disposing of him.

Obviously, these Masquers tend to be experts at disguise
and infiltration. cape! gs are available, the sort who
ambush their target in Shadowlands alleys, but these brutes
seldom have Guild sanction.


Anonymae

Many Masquers, for whatever reason, prefer to give Gentlemen, I have the information you requested. However,
MCU CCUM NCCE mmrmnmares 0am adding a stipulation to the contract; if you act on this data,
NOCCMACINGm cen aten emer Marshal's charming and kind wife is to remain unmolested.
in favor of what they choose to become. Almost all (§GRSAU MS IS
Anonymae adopt pseudonyms of some exotic form or Just as in the living world, there are certain Underworld
POCO Ne aan CMR Eset (ems factions who are willing to pay dearly to have an inside agent
are currently the most renowned. This new identity usu in any given Underworld organization. The Fetches, each one
ally goes hand in hand with a specific Moliated look, or carefully trained in the arts of impersonation, fulfill this need
PO One SCOMONOMeNe mem admirably. Given enough time, a good Fetch is capable of not
have a different face for each client. Occasionally, mul only appearing as the spitting image of an Anacreon, but even
tiple Masquers whose work is similar yet complemen of holding friendly conversation with the Anacreon's closest
PROMO COME CO MNASGMIRESTne cnt  confidants. Some say this is because the Fetch Masters have
be one of these groups. close ties with the Mnemoi, and can barter in memories . The
price for hiring a Fetch is said to be obscenely high, but con-

It's hard to tell whether or not abandoning your
Me ROannacicenermntcntcanttess sidering the level of talent such work requires, such a steep
however A not-yet-established Anonyma is often Cost 1s'a air wage.
sneered at as a pretentious poser, while some custom Fetches are very closely monitored by the Guild. Although
ers prefer dealing with Masquers with a touch of mys: they are highly esteemed, the thought of one turning
tique. Generally speaking, the Anonymae earn ac Doppelganger is entirely too frightening. Consequently, in any
claim the same way as any other Masquer — entirely given Masque, the Fetches have first claim to the services of the
on merit finest Pardoners — and none dare argue with this arrangement.

To the Right Honorable Tobias Schreck,
Anacreon of Raleigh:

Greetings, milord. Forgive my lack of formality,
but events have recently transpired which have filled
my Legion with justifiable concern

On Tuesday of week last, one of my Centurions noticed
an anomaly in the behavior of one of his patrolmates. He
wisely notified his sergeant, who arranged for the errant sol-
dier to be questioned. The subject forcibly resisted question:
ing, maiming three Centurions before his capture. Interro-
gation revealed that the subject was in facta Masquer opera-
tive, paid handsomely to infiltrate the patrol and route infor-
mation regarding my Legion's doings back to a Renegade

g. The prisoner was then sent to the soulforges, where, |

been informed, he was beaten into another weapon for
the ranks. A subsequent brace of Barghest division patrols
located and imprisoned the Renegades responsible.

Tam concerned at the ease with which the Masquer
infiltrated my Legion, and request permission to con-
duct extensive investigations among both the military
and civilian administrative bodies. I'm sure you will agree
that the need for such an inquiry justifies the expense.

| await your response,

Marshal Fullerman

Helldivers

The kids are always the creepiest. Who'd hurt a child so much

in life that they turn
best thing

ectre when they die? Poor little devils, the |
u can do for them is be qui
Suicidal? Mad? Who can tell? One thing is sure, there's noth-

ing more frightening than the Masquers who try to best the sv

Doppelgangers at their own game. Specially trained in Argo:
sympathetic Harbingers, the Helldivers try to pull Oblivio th
by diving in its mouth, dressed as its children. They Moliate them-
selves to resemble Spectres, infiltrate Spectre society and quietly
weed out whoever seems the most dangerous.

It's a profitable ventui
for their kills, but the p.

ive top bounty {

frightening. Naturally,

ry skills and survive
more than a few jaunts without going mad. The mo:
ful Helldivers know not only Moliate and Argos, but also have
learned the arts of Castigate and Usury. Some say that the
Helldivers in fact accept members from both the Harbingers'
and Pardoners' Guilds as well, but since so few are available
in the Shadowlands at any given time, nobody has yet qu
tioned one to full s

only a few can both ma

action.


Darling, everyone wants to be Marilyn Monroe. Why don't
you relax and trust me? These days, exotic is everything. And I've
got a face in mind that wouldn't do for just anyone, but I think you
might be just the right one to wear it...

Specialists in beauty of all forms and to all tastes, the
Idunn cater to the desires of those who want to be more than
they were. For every wraith who wants horrible blades for
hands, there are three who want to look like famous actresses.
Obviously, not just any Masquer makes a good Idunn. Ap-
prentices must show a real taste for aesthetics (not fashion) to
even merit training from a Guild journeyman. Competition
is often fierce among the Idunn, and the resulting rivalries
make for excellent work. Many wraiths visit their favored
Idunn every month or so, and the work of some of these
Masquers is a true status symbol.

Justas in the living world, beauticians are gossips. The Idunn
have therefore become choice sources for rumors and dirt. Lo-
cals often take advantage of the talkative Idunn to spread slan-
der or bolster their own reputations; either way, the Idunn avoid
the blame, since they only deal in "secondhand" information.
As a result, they are highly valued by the Guild for the wealth
they bring back — both in oboli and rumors.

Warsmiths

If you like the serrations, that's fine. I'd recommend having
them on the outer cutting surface, though. That way, you can rip
through someone with a backhand when you feel nasty, but your
draw cuts on the inside will be as fast as you need them to be.

The martial counterparts to the Idunn, the Warsmiths
specialize in arming wraiths for self-defense and in Moliating
shock troopers into war machines. Although most accept in-
dividual contracts, some are employed full time by the Hier-
archy to manufacture Barghests and the like. Warsmiths are
more likely than the Idunn to mass-produce work without
customizing it to their style. Still, many are renowned for their
work's durability and unique flouris|

The talented Warsmith will never lack for clients, as Ren-
egade, Heretic and Hierarch alike pay top obolus for his talents.
However, his social life often suffers, as the call of his business pre-
vents him from wandering about the Shadowlands, mingling with
both dead and living. Many a Warsmith has spent years without
harvesting Pathos from the living, instead subsiding on the dull
stuff offered as payment. In addition, the grim nature of his work
tends to strip him of the usual Masquer cheeriness, further inhibit-
ing his chances of attending the latest Sandman performance or
Chanteur ball. However, not that many notice the difference...

A Shaper Speaks

steemed Succubus Kharybdis of the

To the
Sable Thror
My dear

rarybdis, | find your offer of employment
I feel that I must decline. Oh,
an inadequate w Your cli

ents must be most influential, and I bow in respect to

Jo not fret that you off

your resources. No, I feel that our association would be
ultimately flawed and that it would sn
Why

orities. In your busin

given time.

you ask? Because I « ith your pri-
of the Quick
tand, the
ons on this side of the
‘ou demonstrate a certain specialization that
discarded in favor of versatility. You dwell

ome endo:

of sating the lus
dream (and, Lam

of certain influential pe
Shroud)

Ton

siven to und

er on Passions inspired by the cum
rine systems of the flesh.

‘s me

muse, by comparison

encour » explore beauty and grotesquerie to

ilanders. Why, I ask you in

wu insist on thinking of your Corp

levels unknown to the Sk
return, do

tile version of your discarded by

Kharybdis, there is far more to the ways of plasm than
the simple tricks you recognize. Tap into the most hidden

n perhi
at mere

our lives, why would our plasm be ‘ly workable?

Why is it th

contorted m

infini

nsome siren, terrible lover,
inned machine with
uer and artist, | am compelled to
.ody behind, to explore more
Perhaps the rumors are
hen one finds one's

y the flesh.
your road is far
skill and beauty
label is inaccurate. It is
ill locked in a facet, a possibility of the
dowlands, my dear,

real than I.

true form, the form
I enjo
too narrc
"enchantir
you who are
reality you may yet reach. |
there is nothing more terrify

M



After such knowledge, what forgiveness? Think now
History has many cunning passages, contrived corridors
And issues, deceives with whispering ambitions,

Guides us by vanities.

— TS. Eliot, "Gerontion"

he library was lit by four guttering soul-lan-

W) terns that hung like censers from the corners

of the room. The librarian soundlessly crooked

one finger at Theresa. She nervously stepped

closer, holding her arms tightly around her-

self, even though she hadn't felt cold in

months. He, she, whatever — she's wearing

robes, she noted. A Masquer who hides her Moliation? Wait a minute...

Theresa slowly extended her senses beyond her Corpus.

Setting aside the feel of her carefully modified bone struc-

ture, her tinted eyes, her alabaster-smooth and steel-hard skin,

she reached out to the librarian. Her awareness enfolded the

hazy figure, settling around its form like a gossamer sheet. Huh.
She's good. I can't make out a thing...except...those robes!

Theresa gasped, then cursed the reflex. The librarian lifted

her (his? its?) finger to a lipless face almost wholly shadowed

by the rich gray hood. Then the long fingers descended,

wrapped around a red book. She moves without wasting a milli- ¥

meter. Damn, what precision!

Silence, broken only by the whispering of the book.
Whispering, not moaning... What? y

With a faint shudder, Theresa opened the not-quite-
leather cover. The title page read, "A Historie of the 16 Guilds
of Stygia" — the author was nobody familiar. A library stamp
below marked the book as part of the collection of the Moni-
tors' Guild, Leicester, Necropolis.

Huh. Somehow, I doubt it's on loan. I guess this is what I
want... Somebody must have told Christmas Future here that | —

The librarian shook its head and pointed to a large, leathery
chair in the south corner, under one of the lamps. Theresa nod-
ded curtly and retreated. The chair was comfortable, and it sighed
as she settled into it. The text looked peculiar — as if some col-
lege student had magically stretched the space between para-
graphs to make room for whatever comments they felt necessary.

Chapter Two: Truths Told by Liars (or, A history of the Masquers Guild) 1


ge) 0 esteemed fellows, now we arrive at
one of the two great traitors of Guild
history. The Miasquers have ever been
the lords and ladies of deceit and bro-
ken trust. I will strive to set personal
feeling aside as I pen this chapter, and © beg forgive-
Ness for any rancorous comments that X mau tet slip.
Pd bere came The personal prejudices we've all been
antapating A vole To all - The wale, one Enmore
Mpecenas, was opparedlly invilved in The goal miscalala-
Ton called The Guilds' Revell, Agreed, Charon wasaT exoeTly
Top o€ The Whole STuaTon aT The Tune, bOT some. people
shold jusT learn To occeST Thal Twas a o03 dea ond To FT \
The Vell on Wilh Their o€ferlives, Read on, O besT bebveds,

and lean What The resT 0€ The world Knows aoodT us -
ond The TEE WaT we Wo To wale in ourselves,

‘\\ Before the Guilds

‘Despite the foam-specked ravings of the Airtificers
and their claim to the position of Eldest Guild, the list of
Arcanoi that predate Inhabit is tong indeed. The first
Wwraiths to instinctively sense that their Corpora were
) malleable, and to devote the time studying how to change
their forms to something more enjovable — these were
the predecessors of the Miasquets. Oerhaps the most
Ancient and twisted Mephwracks are the wraiths who first
developed the arts of Miotiate. It is not for me to sap.
A For myself, C name the most ancient Aircanoi as
Lifeweb, Castigate, Gmbody, Mooliate, Outrage and
Alrgos. All others would seem to require a certain
amount of luxury time to develop. Ath, but T digress.
We sure hes, desiT be?
Read Tre "oosTards o€ Oclvan' amwmedlory however
ypu Waal. Tpwever, | Sigure we can Trace our pedigree: look
Flo The ies Ferryren, ond even Softer. Tht aboot ii. |

The Great Oath means defending against We ageals 0€
Qolivien, on we all krow whidh Arcons is The mest

Guildbook: Masquers

Chapter the Sixth: The Masques

In hich the Masters of Mioliate Are Discussed Guen unto the resent Dan

eelable weapon agpinsT aThee wraiths, Yes, we Knew bow
To MHaTe a long Tene bere Mp Naud arrived and sTorTed
doling OT The secréls of sallGarsing, 1T shows, desiT TE

The Stugian Golden Age

Ce can pinpoint proto- Masquer activity that went
On during the first centuries of the cit of Stugia more
easily than that of the other embryonic Guilds. True,
Mohudei's apprentices and their soulforging were the most
prominent example of Afrcanos use, but think on the torches
that lit Qharon's domain, Qertain wraiths refined the arts
of Moliate during this period, tuning their talents on the
hapless thrall given to them. Guen todau, Kierarchs
boast of their antiquated fabrics and gewgaws, soulshaped
in the hendan of the Republic and then the Empire. Only
rarely is an "artist's" name of the period mentioned; the
Masgquets would not command such prestige until later,
Then simply rode the currents of fashion and.politicking
like waterbugs on a pond, sating petty ambitions where
possible and keeping to their place when necessary.

This is one o€ The porls Tak he oZTually gs enstly
egal, Early plate experTs Cound oT Thal They were well
ermugh in demon To ene a living aT sulshoping, ond They
33 x0, They alo amprised a IT 06 The slBery aT The Tre}
acter all, The oFTs 0€ Renting werent inmredisly commsn,
and STraighTarward SpeZive aTTacks Still acaurved loack Then,
So There you saw The ST division 0€ labor some wraiths
Wea} mililary, While SThers deveTed Themselves eATely To
2A and Corpus mpdiGcaTon, Theoréfaally, There were also
The ust professional assassins ond spies back Then, Tn, bg
rilody (MAT even us) con prove angling.

The Sculpted Palace

In the vear of 976, as CCestern historians record it,
the fitst true Guild came into being. The Atrtificers
sculpted themselves an empire out of soulsteel; although

eo oe

re oe

'

?

——

ae

Qharon sat on the throne, the Airtificers pointed to
‘Mhudti's teachings ag the backbone of Stugian society.

Done know when the Masquers first met, nor who
their earliest masters were. Kyowever, rumor tells us that
one of the earliest Afnonumac gathered a circle of the
Inost sagacious and talented Soulshapers to her. rom-
Ising to reveal Mioliate arts long forgotten, she quickly
camed the lovalty of many Stugian MEasquers. Shortly
thereafter, an emissary from the Guild of MEasquers ar-
tived in Charon's court, pledging the services of his Guild
to Stugian society. Their newfound organization proved
Inost beneficial to the fledgling association, as it became
casier and easier for potential clients to find talented
Soulshapers for whatever task they required.

Well, azTually, The Mssaysie? Guild Sormalion wasnt

Quite. Ve Tha WMle. cdoals o€ Tradesweailhss, sont o€
Ve The Camily Trades o€ The Skislonts, had already Gormned,

Mplate had been prattved or a lng Te, you Krew. These
FMherings become a LIT Vike eal mormpolies ond ayickly
Turred ito a Guild, You see, welre wnstly socal creatures,
ond weNe been ampared To waler before, righI& The
mini-diayes 0€ Masayers were like Jewsrops on a leas,
ond The AeTiGvers were The suilen weiglaT at The ceATer,
06 curse, The dew cuns Together, W's oun nature,

Pd whom, suey There we were, a Guill, st
y ready, AéTer all, There's naling

as vespezT. Vm sure you aw what
75 dooGT, you WoAT your signature "To be as
respezled as lona's someday, ciglale
Wil, There were platy o€ Wille détails That ve
newoon Guild's aTTeATon, Trappings became
Very maporToAT Very ayickly, Wray aT few Guilds cold
and procedures we |
wave survived To The:
ation Rife, and
witless, O€
23 in and 007,
v Tiles are a
2 used Them vA; Tey 9 dull,

ayieed TH

produced, Some 0€ TWese Tr
render days — We o
The division o€ labor bre!
arse, sme of The 5
depenting on Te <
p03 example 0€ Thi

g

BOE cA dence) Trem Dott wacky We je Wal

seem sounder ove you're. a member oe The Gul kor a

While ond you =p up some o€ oe aTTTude,
@

{The way, \ hea The AeTGcers, Redoners and
King Thee Guild ATuals more. seriously Than
ever These days, Rens, ese,


) The First Years

The Masquers.settled into their newly found so-

} Galniche with gusto. Their new acceptance into Stugian

Society suited them well, and soon then fell to dabbling
in the politics of the day. One might compare the fledg-
ling Guild to a debutante at her first gathering of truly
important individuals: excited, curious and eager to
please. Once they settled on an internal stracture (some
say then did so with extreme squabbling and coen quiet
violence), then chose to present a pleasant face to the
Test of the Cnderworld. Although then showed great
respect for rank and privilege, their good graces were
extended to all who could pan for their services.

Tt was.soon discovered that the Miasquers would
provide far more than cosmetic or military alterations —
if the price was right. The Guild soon became a broker-

} age house for various "services," information-gathering

and assassination among them. Mann a local Mecropolis
came to know the turamp that would one day be known
ag "organized crime" — and in many cases, this oppres-

+ sion was overseen by Kierarchy officials who had the

local branch of WEasquers firmly in their pockets.
One can extrapolate that the Miasquers were set-
ting into a comfortable role, and a taste of wealth height.

) ened their appetite for more. 10 longer satisfied with

their share of the Cnderworld's wealth, then grew ever

More avaricious, accepting any and all contracts that

promised them heavy payment in Pathos or the coin of
the realm. The Minemoi (then in the role of trusted
policemen) began to turn their eves more and more to-

) ward the Miasquers, meaning to trim the excessively

Corrupt from the Guild. The Masquers reacted badly

© tw this sudden scrutiny, and a great antipathy grew
, between both Guilds, one that exists to this dav.

On, Se Charon's...

Why 2 we hale The Mnemoi® All gE, | wos nome,
ory names, OT \ will say Tal There were some SThed
feasons Than The one Enmore mesons. Besides, Theyre a

30 Guildbook: Masquers

Singlory unbvely Guild Wilh a singularly unovely Arcones,
Ask around, see € onyoody else will invite a Wyerns To Tea,
Batcha They worl
Our prodlem Wilh The Myenni sTorTed around This
Teme ond jysT pln oT worse as The years weal by. This
weal bond in hand wilh our (well-deserved) oATpatly
TRoword The Sliders, Never mind The Wrys ond Whereresil
UST be aware Thal patting a Masayes, a SclaTor ond a
Myeons in a room Togéther is like poling Three ails
Together in a WaT sock When The lesser Three Guilds
were barished — well, you Wo) To see on ca
bondpeT To believe TT

1096-1354; The (Car of the Guilds

The Car of the Guilds, some say, was the war
With 100) reasons. "Wealousy, the Airtificers claim, and
with the Masquers, jealousy may well have been the
spur. Vanity forbade them from calling the other Guilds
equal, in particular the proud Alrtificers who claimed
pride of place before all. The MLasquers made war like
ferrets would, biting from behind in whatever allen suited
them. Citimatelp, though, it proved for naught. Since
Hone could trust the Miasquers (who could wear the
face of friend or foe), all were to some extent against
them. The final blow camewhen Diccarai, their spokes-
man, vanished abruptly after one too many speeches
against the "Atrtificer voke." Ihis replacement was all
too happy to sign the Qompact of the Guilds.

Sure she was, Necarsi was a WaThen3 ond a Trouble
maker, ond wnsT GIk Who remember hier Talk obodT his
Shobw like T was a personality Treat, ConciderveS Wey,
Vea ju8T onoTating Eamonn bere. Think what you lke,

The wor was ofTually preMy good Cor busivess, Ore
0€ Eemane's wore blaTaaT omissions is Thal every doom
Gul (Mortons weded) hired Masayers To do Theie STy)
Work aT some Teme or another, Whe's hell, so you mislaT as}
Well swedTen The crucble With sme proSt, Uneertu-
nately, The mess séed down With Te Asters Til
neo ay oe o€ Te ziggural,. And we aldiT d soit

a


——_

Between Struggles

Once the Guilds had properly settled their griev-
ances (through means fair and foul), most set about the
business of rebuilding. The Masquers retreated into
the darkened recesses of their Guildhouses and there
licked thei wounds. The concord then reached was simple
tough: Lo thrive, one must play by the rules.

The next two centuries saw the Masquers' Guild
on its best behavior. Als the fever of the ‘Renaissance
swept the Skinlands, the resulting flood of emotion
Colored Stugia. Alrt became move in demand, as did
fine entertainment. It was an excellent time for the
Sandmen and Qhanteurs, and a fine time to be a
Masquer Qorpus artist. The most talented Shapers
tnjoved heavy demand for their artistry, particularly from
the flourishing Oneiric Theatres. Of course, there was
still ample coin to be made from providing their darker

Chapter Two: Truths Told by Liars (or, history of the Masquers Guild)

"
\

:

i

:
.
i
‘

i
‘

i

i

‘

\

\\

M

\

SE

Services, and so political figures would tend to vanish
ag their rivals grew wealthy and could afford the best.

1598: The Great Betrayal

Mi) most esteemed comrades, Xam sure I need |)»

Not gloss heavily on the details of the Breaking. And
Uet L must speak on it once more, for this Guild planed
4 role move prominent than any other in the events that
led to all Guilds becoming outlaw and anathema.

On the sixth day of April, 1598, the Alvtificers rallied
all other Guilds behind them to replace the increasingly
turannous tule of Charon and his ‘Deathlords. Att the
Guilds' disposal were the arts of every Alrcanos known to
wraithkind. Goen the darksteel weapons of the Kricrarchy
were matched by the arms that the Atrtificers produced.

Xt the time of the final struggle, the Miasquers
Marched with the other Guilds to the battlefield, but

valine ab x ee

= were nowhere to be found as the dust settled and the
chains snapped around the Guildmasters' necks. ‘De
spite their plasmic armor and armament, the Wlasquers
| vetveated before the forces of the Kyierarchy. Als they
) left, s0 too did other Guilds; the Csurers, Inarbingers
and Oracles had all abandoned the ‘Revolt within hours
of the Miasquers' defection. One can only speculate on
the cause of such precision. 1 popular theory holds
that the Miasquers had replaced kev figures in each of
the other three Guilds. (ith the impetus of some form
of bribe from Charon, then reduced our strength by more
than one-fourth in one quick slash.

s T sand like The
force, Well, we

T Was us) would have made Tha} muh of
T 38 ond ermoe TT IT.

Gull (even '
a dKfererve — well, majo

Bor Eamome's ei ia
Usurers e€T
Charon was

py and GT oT, And Cor

abodT how useless we

Pev\TTIn AT Will

Secrecy and Rebuilding

Aind so the Guilds were no more, thanks entirely
to the desertion of the Masquers and their Csurer
bedmates. Oh, to be sure, the Guilds survived, but
Glory was ours no longer. The times to come would be
marked by the struggle of honest apprentices, journey.
Men and masters to conduct their business in secret.
Although T have no proof, I am sure the Miasquers
flourished in such a treacherous environment.

Since only a few of their Guild fell in battle or
Were summarily punished by Charon, then had few losses
to replace. Some reports tell that the executed Masquer
plotters were in fact the deadwood or enemies of the

eee

- Guild, made to look fike ide traitorous 5 Guild an

Again, Lhave no evidence, but such-a proverbial slay.
ing of two, birds: would surely be accounted a master
stroke by many Iessthan-honest Guildmasters.

Nb comyrenh, €

Ais we can see by tracing the history of our own
Guild, the pears following the ‘Breaking were difficult
ones indeed. Those wraiths managing to flourish did so

_ bp otilizing their utmost ingenuity and cunning. The
/ Masquers, being what then are, undoubtedin did well

for themselues. In fact, thev sometimes helped other

' Giilds' members assimilate themselues into the new

Underground, Als we can gather from ovr own experi-
tees, the Shapers insinuated many covert operatives
intothe other Guilds at this time. Thankfully, all such
moles have by now. been uncovered and removed.

It is, of course, impossible for outsiders to trace
Masquer growth in the time after the Sreaking, but there
Was No significant:lack of business in Mfoliate in the fol-
lowing centuries. Thralls were formed into Barghests wich

~ allidue speed, and hierarchs had no apparent: difficulty in

"hiring cutthroats to dispense of their rivals for them. 1

assume that they were actually among the healthiest of
the recuperating Guilds. If their connections to the C[su-

Tes Were as strong as in previous wears, then certainly
had access to impressive resources. Link this to the abil.

IO) to "acquire" whatever they needed bu posing as Hier-

Atchy officials, and little remains to conjecture.

One is compelled to wonder just what plans were
drawn op when the Miasquers realized their current
strength, Those wraiths with any forethought would
have no doubt taken steps to capitalize on their advan-
tage, a8 now then had the resources to pursue an even
mote ambitions goal. Perhaps, mp fellows, vow. now
wealize the teasons for my concem. Clpon what prize
would the Miasquers have set their eves?

Roa rp camwe cl

The ied ofc Fats

The Masquers made themselves known during the
Great Cars, when oceans: of newly slain souls beat

Miaelstroms battered.theDecropoli and Stugia it
self. Aind so the Deathlords cried out a summons:
that all wraiths with more than casual knowledge of
Moliate join with the Legions. Those who responded
Were pressed into heaoy service, arming Legionnaires
and deforming hapless Thralls into arghests. Oth-
Crs Were conscripted into frontline duty, set to guarding
the portals of the cities against Spectre attack: Ror
Once, it would appear that the arts of WLartialry proved
more a curse than.a blessing.

As expected, however, this service was not overly
prolonged. Ais the First Corld Car ended and the
Maclstroms abated, the conscripted Miasquers began
to trickle. amay one by one. Those who were allowed to
left; those held under duress would often.simply vanish
Without a trace. The Shapers who remained were the
ones who had managed to collect payment for their ser-
vices, and those who desired, continued..cmploument.
Their talents were rigorousiy tested when the Second 6
orld Car began.

hat, I wonder, did the Guild who ignores the
Skinlands think of the Second Corld Car? Surely >
they were unprepared for the waves of the slaughtered,
the new arrivals who had been subjected to every atroc- ; :
ity imaginable. X wonder if then even had time to think
about-it.at all. Ais Charon readied for war with the
Jade Kingdom and the Spectres came boiling up to \y
feast on the newly slain, the need for wraithty weaponry 4!
Was greater than ever. "Just as the soulforges glowed
as never before, so did the Soulshapers throw them-
selves into their arts with a heretofore unseen sense of |
industry. "Their very survival depended upon it, for if
Oblivion triumphed, where were the Masquers to hide:

Chapter'Two: Jruths Toldiby Liars (or;-A History of the Masquers Guild) 33
Wee Sp SCN Soa oy 5
iG MNS G/F a pe


M Moy worl To Wrow Whalwe Thought, Eemonee We
STarTed wontering i€ mafoe Oslivien wasdT born <rom The
sols 0€ people al Theic west human Once The Monilors,
Puppeleess ond Praflors sTarTed spreading The vews 06
What Te Quck were ding "To each ater, swe of us
calually postulated Thal mafoe we writs are al one!
STep Toward Transcendence, Take 1 from someone who has
seen wore. SpeZives up cose Thon be con aunts Spezives
usedTo be Iuinon, Some o€ Them dit seem To have been)
alTered euch by The change.

e's eight | ore Thing, Trough? We SdAT have euch
Tene To worry dood The physical worl, Some o€ of
wembers Were \iced WAlo private anes Sor desperate
Prrcceansy eating Te shored workload damm, Jousting!
Every Worseaitlh we bad was working aighT ond Joy, and
every Warrier iq our Guild Was préTTy mudh STanting OB-
hour waldhes up UAT The Ture 0€ The Fety MpelsTron,
Fd + your slack ass Wad been STTng somewhere iin my
Necropolis, Eamonn, you can b&T your Pardoner eroney Thal

[9 ave been STanting Wald With us, On The end of a

The Fifth Maelstrom

Mo. Guild was spared when the Bifth Great
Maelstrom ravaged the Shadowlands and Stugia. 1
/ "remember verp little of the politics of the hour; every
wraith did whatever he could to avoid being tor from
shelter and devoured by Oblivion. Those who could
fought the Spectres; those who could not simply hid.

Relief came only when Gorool and Oharon van-
ished into the Sunless Sea arm in arm. Many refused
to believe the news. of the Gmperor's toss, and carried
ona if Charon would retum on the morrow. The Guilds
were frantic with activity, scurrving to collect what
survivors then could and fighting for that first fragile
tochold on the new. Stugian political scene.

The Maasquers had actually suffered heavier losses
than most Guilds, and the aftermath of the war was a
time of healing for them. Fortunate, many claim. Kad
then been at full strength, these shapechanging tum-
Coats could well have infiltrated the Kyierarchy's weak-
ened ranks and closed an iron gauntlet around the
Ainacreons. However, the damage they sustained from

34 Guildbook: Masquers

defending their homes made such a thing impossible.

The irony here is that they lost their chance to gain any:
edge over the other Guilds (and indeed the Deathlords |
themselves) as a result of stoically fighting against ©
Oblivion. One hopes that they have not learned farther
lessons of treachery from this; as we know all too well,
telping on Miasquers is a chancy proposition at best."

\ actually Kind 0€ Wked Charon. As espmraniass sp, ead
pu, be wos 'oo3 He never singled us oT omens Gulls |
"To LiaTaAMy harass, Which is pre Than \ can say or eoony)\!
0€ ov esteemed peers, Sure, he was aTyconl, oT a least
he was a beneweAT Tyronl 16 1 wasiT Gor The organi
ZBTon he brougaT To The Lords 0€ The Deal, we'd have |
all been sucked Alo The WaTTom 0€ The LobyriAlln long age
Mary 0€ my Sends el The some way whieh
MGT have something To d With why we Masa yers have
rever been as oATTerondhy as a \bT o€ The ater Guilds,
Ferve-sTrabllers we may be, LOT we ares T Totally unserus \ §
pubus, m0 eat Tee wha¥l our Morittor Sriend cams, Chacon's
missed boy 0 BT 0€ us Masayess. Ye may ait have "ohways
been a gad mes, LOT he Was always a/greal wail
Pd who's To say we SdiT susTly Take over STysia
Bak Ther? As bing as youre being paranvidy \ meariny
coir"

The Modern Gra

Aig I stated in the introduction'to this work, we |
are all but certain thatthe 15 Guilds still exist. now
ever, out information on the workings of the Miasquers' |
Guild of today remaing sketchy at best. Allthough it is
still cas enough to hire a.skilled Soulshaper when cit
comstance requires, the customer is never permitted to
enter the Guild proper. Despite their claims of busi-
nesslike camaraderie, the MEasquers continue their tra.
ditions. of secrecy and deceit, often going so fat.as to
spread blatant misinformation on theit and other Guilds' |
Affairs. L have never had need to call on one of their ©
trained assassins, but I have no doubt that this prac
tice. of Kharvoming (or worse) for hire is still profitable
for the Guild. So long ag there are Barghests to cre-
ate or fops to beautifu, X regret to say that the ,
Masquers will continue.

Itisinteresting to note that as the physical world

surges coer faster into the future, the }Miasquers re-

main rooted in the pasts Many of the Guild are in-

creasingin ignoring, the changes in the Skinlands, con-

\J cetming themselves a8 always with Shadowlands poli-
(ics and business.

Tf not for the utility of their Atrcanos, one won-

‘(ts how well thes? wraiths would have adapted. Theit

much-tonted claims of versatility seem to hold little water

| when one speaks of the physical world. Some san that

(' the Miasquers are not content solely to Rep up with

>| ther Stugian affairs, and chat then seek influence among
the Quick. Ce-can safely discount these rumors as

 thebabblings of fools in ame of a Guild whose time has
long passed: T would still advise caution when dealing
With @ possible Miasquer, however — shortsighted
ond arrogant a then may be, then have always been,
tnd shall for some time continue to be, dangerous.

Al, Te endecn days, | do Ssuppose | Ihave To soy muda
rere. Tedwrsback may be Tuming The AciiGcers on Thee
heals, and The decline of InksTem eviization is glTng The
Preclors all Kroted up, OT Ws buswess as Usual in STygia.

Sure, Octivon is koking a 1T hungrier These days, ond
Wat's bod, Bat ey, aT east we SAT paid a buntleTo oom The!
AMzenry agavsl Spezive aMlacks. The Deatvlords are. galling
really Tillery on Those Tones o€ Theirs, Whidh mates Lor a
WeraTive — i€ dangerous — change To <2 iavsved ia polls,
Uke ony wsTeuelor chways used To say, np crisis s so horrble
Thal you canT Take a deep breath (soo speak), kok. ordund
ond Er3 sore Kind of opportually wails Gr) you,

These ore cough Tones weir in, bIT youll be all "ighT
€ ypuire dever, And youice reading This bok, which means)

wee ET you play With us. | guess you're préTTy dever
"Then. Aud i you Keep up The gd work, juST maybe youl
S&T a bik AT paris of The Gud Batter
exsTed, ey, The only pleeTe = is higher up an) Garter
AGATE Good Lek — and SxiT enrloarrass us.

On, ond Sor Gols soke, doiT \STen To Tese euvrors
doodT Charan vesurtacing. \ Think \ know The Sal responsible!
Ge dll These "Els ilcTings? and Well oT his. 6 Charon had
ceally ceTured, wed Yow, Wele The Masapers, o€Ter all;
Sho baTeeTo SPT Grom GaATasTe rumors Tevst me,
HThe Grin Reaper WimnselE réTums, you apprecTees Will be
Tee GST To Wow. Wyk Becayse we like you. oy



The world wants to be deceived.
— Sebastian Brant, The Ship of Fools

h, hello! Enter and be welcome! I haven't
seen you since your initiation; how are you
doing, by the way? You look fairly well. A
bit piqued today, perhaps, but I'm sure
you'll be quite ruddy (as much as one gets
in these realms, of course) in no time at
all. I presume you didn't find the initia-
tion all that pleasant. Well, that's probably for the best. Some
enjoy it, you know.

Well, I'm sure I know why you were sent here. The Un-
derworld is just filled with people, most of whom throw them-
selves into one group or another. And I'm the local expert on.
the groups. What was your name again? Ah. Well, you can
call me Sarah. Not my birth name, but you'd not recognize
that, either. Let's just say that I'm an actress by trade and rather
good at it, I dare say. So. Shall we begin?

Stock in Trade

asquers are the do-it-alls of Stygian soci- 9
ety. No, we're not capable of doing every- 4
thing — Castigate and Usury spring to

i) can provide hundreds of services. Obvi-
ously, beautification and armaments are
our biggest sellers. We also broker in in-
formation, character assassination, entertainment, specialized
labor, hired muscle, bounty hunting... shall Icontinue? Ifyou 4
keep your wits about you, the opportunities for a good, healthy
profit are near infinite. However, making this profit depends
entirely on gathering clients.

4] mind as hard-to-duplicate skills — but we (y#

4] iars when they speak the truth are not believed.
— Aristotle

You've probably seen by now that most
other wraiths don't trust the Masquers very
much. We're called "natural-born traitors"
by some. Turncoats, skulkers, "Doppelgangers
waiting to happen" —ah, you've heard a few
of these. Well, yes, we've a talent for acting, and for subtlety. And
like most gifted people, we choose to exercise our abilities. It's
funny, but you never hear about how awful we are because we
arm the citizens of Stygia, or because we're hard to beat in any
plasm-to-plasm fight. No, it's the whole "they could be anywhere"
paranoia that afflicts most other wraiths. I suppose it's justified
maybe a little, but I say they're patently overreacting.

So the best means of holding our own is, simply enough,
through tacit neutrality. The Pardoners have their ties with
the Heretics and you can't be a Puppeteer without being a
Renegade, but we try to avoid outright allegiances among the
"big three." If anything, we're accused of being too chummy
with the Hierarchy. That's not quite true, although it's Hier-
archy citizens who supply us with most of our business. We're
content to make our homes in the nooks and crannies of Stygia
and the Necropoli because they're the most civilized places
in which to live. In addition, our arts don't violate the Dic-
tum Mortuum. I trust you can see how easy it is to quietly
coexist with the system, whether it knows we're here or not.

But interact you must, and I recommend a friendly tone
when you do so. For one, it sets clients at ease. For two, in
Stygia common courtesy is as common as breakfast cereal.
Most wraiths have no use for either. But if you're amiable
enough, they just might remember you — and when you're
trying to establish a reputation as a good Corpus-job artist,
that counts for quite a bit.

And if you can keep from gritting your teeth, a pleasant
smile does wonders when you're among your foes. Of course,
they'll still wonder what you're up to. But if you can keep
your approach very casual, then they might pass you over and
worry about the people who are trying very hard not to be
noticed. Remember, the best place to hide is often, but not
always, in plain sight.

Now then. Any questions about your neighbors? I'm not
the most well-informed source, but at least I've heard about
most of the factions out there.

The Hierarchy

Hmm. Actually, I hate generic statements about the Hierar-
chy. One Legion isn't like another, the Necropoli are all differ-

ent, not to mention the Anacreons.... You get the point. I can't
stress this proverb enough: Learn the subgroups! Most people
think of the Hierarchy as the "system." Fine, go ahead and say
that. But when you were alive, did you expect a postal clerk and
a riot officer to act the same way? How about an LLR.S. accoun-
tant and a sniper in the Marines? Learn about the Legions. Lea
the local higher-ups. Charon may have "disbanded" us, but you'd
be surprised how many employers we have in the ranks, and when
they start playing "good Centurion, bad Centurion," it's good to
know who's bluffing and who isn't.

Renegades and Heretics

Same thing. Don't think any two Renegades are going to
even agree on which movie to watch, much less exactly why the
Hierarchy has to come down and which system would be much
better in its place. And although you shouldn't make a habit of
lumping Heretics together with Renegades, I think the same les-
son applies to both groups. Try to do background checks; make
sure you understand just what each gang or cult has in mind
before you take their oboli or whatever. Numerous employers
may try to double-cross you, and you're best prepared if you can
see it coming and just avoid the situation altogether.

Other Guilds

ell, yes, our relations are a bit... strained with
the other Guilds. Something about that old
would-be coup. Pay it little mind. We may
not be invited to their cocktail parties (not
A that we'd let that stop us from going), but

they still deal with us, like it or not. But

suppose if you want to keep an ear to the
political situation (and who doesn't?) you'll want a bit more in-
depth information on our allies and rivals. Fair enough.

Now of all the Guilds, the Usurers are the ones we can trust
the farthest. Our business relations have been excellent since even
before the Great Revolt (I wasn't there, child, so don't ask me
about that), and that's the best way to a Usurer's withered heart.
Notall of them are the horrible skinflints you hear about, either,
so don't get judgmental. They're just very pragmatic, that's all.

Oh, I knew you'd ask about the Sandmen. Hmph. I stayed with
them for a time (many of us actor-types do), but their ranks are so
packed with prima donnas and hypersensitive artistes that they never
get anything really worthwhile accomplished. Art before all else,
they say. Alll well and good, I'm all for my art, but I also enjoy hav-
ing an obolus or three in my purse. And frankly, I don't enjoy spend-
ing hours on end in their company. Their "higher purpose" and over-
blown talk of dreamstuff tends to get on a more cynical wraith's
nerves after a bit. Still, they're always in need of Masquer services,
so be polite and creative. They particularly enjoy creativity.

Which leads me to the Chanteurs, Haunters and Proc-
tors. Many of these also may well, without trying to, pardon
my vernacular, dick you over. They make fair companions for
a long Stygian evening, but don't expect to have too much in
common with a Proctor. Similarly (hmm, who does that leave?
Don't tell me...), the Oracles, Harbingers and Spooks are all
reliable Guilds, even if our interests lay in different direc-
tions. I've personally nothing against any members of either.

We have almost no contact with the Puppeteers, and that's fine
with both of our Guilds. Now, the Pardoners... they don't have an
overly high opinion of us, but we need them just as badly as everyone
else does. I advise you to be forthright and honest with them, even if
you aren't with anyone else. It's the only thing they respect, and
they're one of the few Guilds that deserve such treatment.

The people who we truly have to watch out for are the
Artificers and Monitors. Both Guilds invested just a touch
too much in the Revolt, both look on our art as a senseless
frippery, and both are gaggles of humorless cadavers with
darksteel broom handles up their plasmic asses. Oh... my
apologies for the strong language. So much for the objective
view, hmmm? Well, ask around if you like. You can probably
find plenty of people who'll agree with me.

The Forgotten Three

We try to keep a fairly close eye on the "even more ban-
ished than the rest of us" Guilds. Knowledge is power, after
all. The Alchemists are amusing, but they really have noth-
ing to do with us. The Mnemoi and Solicitors, now —I can't
think of any Arcanoi more patently immoral than theirs. The
Mnemoi must be carefully monitored and struck down if need
be. As for the Solicitors: Never hire one. Ever. Arrangers are
far more humane and trustworthy — ah, I see that got your
attention. It's true, though. And I've seen Arrangers set up
projects that would turn a Spectre's stomach.

If a Solicitor is contracted to do his dirty work on you,
tun and hide for a long while. I understand that Slander was
once targeted by a threesome of Solicitors, and he managed
to destroy all three. But that's Slander, mind you. You're far
better off becoming somebody else entirely for a decade or so
than trying to fight them — unless you're very, very good,
and I don't think you are quite at that stage yet.

thlvion and You

blivion and the Spectres are no laughing
| matter. Ours isn't the art of fleeing, nor is it
an art of hiding in the physical world. We
can try to take cover among the Spectres,
but that should always be a last resort.


ay

Escape when you can. If you can't escape, fight. It's far

better than pleading for mercy that'll never come, and once
you've undergone sufficient Guild training, you'll be able to
fight very well indeed.

The problem complicates itself when you venture out with
your Circle. Hush, child, don't look so guilty. You can't stay in
the Masque's walls forever, and it's quite all right if you associate
with others. Now, if you let your Circle know about your skill
with Moliate (probably all right, but remember the law about
revealing Guild secrets), you might find yourself in the forefront
of any battles with Oblivion. You and the Pardoners, yes? I pre-
sume that then you'll want to fight twice as hard. Good for you.
After all, we're the warriors. It's expected of us.

On the Shadow

Get yourself a Pardoner, if you haven't already. A good
one. Because if you feed your Shadow too much, very bad
things will start to happen. You know what I'm talking about.

What, you don't want to discuss it? Fine. But think on
this: You're mistrusted enough already, just by virtue of your
Guild. If your sinister half manages to take over, you could be
mistaken for a Doppelganger faster than you can say "Jackie
Robinson." And it's the soulforges for anybody that so much
as smells like a Doppelganger, believe you me. You can't
Moliate yourself back from being an obolus.

Oh, the horror stories dealing with Masquers' Shadows
are endless. They aren't rooted in fiction, either. Remember
that your Shadow is probably every bit as cunning as you are,
maybe more so. They also say that there's a twisted form of
Moliate that the Shadows share amongst themselves. It makes
my skin shrivel and crack to think of what the dark side of my
imagination might do if it were allowed to roam free...and
I'm one of the nicest people in this Guild.

Skinland Threats

The Quick
(SRR) rofessionally, they have nothing todo with
R) ff us whatsoever, Personally, we're nothing

without them. How's that fora dichotomy?

How can I comment for the Guild?
Nothing the living do really interferes
with our work, save by altering the flow
of Pathos. I hate to be blunt, but as far as
the Masquers are concerned, the Quick aren't really all that
high on our list of priorities. Ah, but if you were that attached
to the Skinlands, you'd probably be a Monitor by now. Perish
the thought.


Speatura

Oh yes, there's something else you should know. Odds
are, you didn't believe in the supernatural until it was too
late. I know it seems hard to swallow until the Caul comes
off, but obviously there's more to the world than science ex-
plains. This is just as true, if not more so, for the physical
world. There are monsters out there, and you just might yet
encounter one or three, even if you mind your own business

in the Shadowlands.
Vampires

Well, trite as it may seem, vampires do exist. Occasion-
ally one of their mortal servants dies unexpectedly and finds
himself in the Shadowlands; you can learn a bit from talking
to these unfortunates. One such apparently played Renfield
tosome Polish bloodsucker — Zameeski, or some such, | think
—and was Fettered by his devotion to his master. The poor
fellow actually sought us out for help, you know. Apparently
Zameeski had some sort of Moliatelike power that worked on
flesh, and he thought we were ghosts of his master's ancestors
orsuchlike. He was a miserable little lapdog without his lord's
direction (odd-looking, too, come to think of it). Ultimately
useless — I think he was shaped into that footstool over there.
And that's what vampires do — they make people useless and
don't care a whit. Parasites.

Werewolves

T've never even heard of an ex-werewolf wraith, but the
puppies exist among the Quick. A friend tells me they rein-
carnate or some such — more likely, they pass on quickly to
whatever awaits them. It seems they spend their lives at war
for some religious cause, and maybe they always die fulfilled.
Lucky them.

Yes, real witches and warlocks, ones who can do more
than bottle mummified frogs and mare sweat and sell it as a
love philter. They make me just a touch nervous. Just like us,
they recognize lore and secrets as the ultimate commodities.
They also like experimenting on anything they find interest-
ing — like, say, wraiths. Fortunately for us, they'te so busy
with their internal bickering that only one in 100 or so could
even find out what a Masquer is.

Changelings

You hear strange things when you spend time with the
Sandmen. Some of them claim to have met honest-to-Charon
faerie folk, ones who are somehow able to tap into the ener-
gies of a communal Dreamtime or something. Ordinarily, I'd
have dismissed it as typical melodramatic babbling, but the
details proved very consistent from place to place.

When I was with a troupe in Glasgow, I think | actually
might have seen one of the changelings: a bizarre,
snaggletoothed goblin in biker motley. Had circumstance per-
mitted, I would have pursued him, but as it happened things
broke a different way. I'd love to learn more about the fae,
and I believe I'll try to do so. Once I have ample time, that is.

Donning the Cloak of invisibility

Well, I hope I've been of some assistance. You remember
that feeling you had when you first entered the Guild? When
you felt that a curtain had been pulled, and that you were
now among the hidden hands that moved the players? That
you had vanished from your old existence, and that you had 4
entered the backstage of the unseen?

You were right. Welcome home, child. You're among
friends now.

Trust me.


O! that this too too solid flesh would melt,
Thaw and resolve itself into a dew...
—William Shakespeare, Hamlet

Be careful what you wish for, jackass.
—Sorolla of the Masquers

The Way of All Plas

oliate is the thing that unites all Masquers,
&3| rich or poor, belligerent or peaceful. Un-
4) like vampires, shapeshifters and fae of the
4) World of Darkness, who are born into cer-
H| tain roles, wraiths ally themselves with
like-minded artists out of free will. Only
rarely isa Masquer inducted involuntarily
into the Guild, and even then she likely developed her affin-
:

ity for Moliate of her own accord.

When a gathering of such like-minded spirits has lasted
for centuries, it seems only fitting that their shared knowl-
edge would be so comprehensive that it would dazzle outsid-

Chapter Four: Chisel and Clay (or, Masquer Ways and Means) B

ers. So it is with the Masquers. Those who spend enough time
studying at the heart of the Guild can do things that defy }
description with soulstuff.

Soulshaping

Ithough Moliate's lesser arts are known to
many wraiths, the Masquers have
| achieved great renown for their masterful
artistry at sculpting Corpora. Soulshaping
is not only the skill of physically sculpt-
S| ing plasm, but the knowledge of tech-
niques and tricks associated with the art.
The hands-on craftwork of Soulshaping is only the tip of the


iceberg. Like other artists, Masquers skilled in Soulshaping
can analyze technique, devise new artistic statements and more
readily train others in Moliate.

Training in Soulshaping is generally only available to
Guild members, as all the finest crafters tend to hold upper
echelons in the Guild. Rogue Masquers rarely agree to share
their knowledge, as this only creates more competition.

Storytellers may allow players to substitute Soulshaping
for Moliate when rolling to use an art successfully. This is at
its most useful when the wraith specializes in a certain form
of Soulshaping. An alternate possibility is to allow the player
to make an appropriate Attribute + Soulshaping roll before
beginning an involved project, and adjusting the difficulty
based on the Soulshaping roll.

New Skill Soulshaping

You have trained long and hard at the arts of skillfully
shaping plasm into decorative yet functional forms. This in-
cludes the capacity to judge what modifications would best
suit any given client, and also the ability to carefully craft
wraiths into inanimate objects. You can also evaluate a wraith's
Moliations, learning the approximate skill level of the Masquer
responsible. This Skill also imparts a working knowledge of
Masquer signatures and current fashions in Moliate.

° Novice: You can smooth out wrinkles without hurting
anyone.

ee Practiced: You've dipped your fingers into plasm more
than once.

eee

Competent: You know all the basics and are developing
a signature style.

Expert: The intricacy of your work astounds and delights
clients and casual observers alike.

e@eeee Master: The Deathlords vie to employ your talents.

The Nature of Plas

3 olding plasm to a specified form is an art
in and of itself. At first, it seems that there
are no restrictions to the Shaper's creativ-
ity; after all, plasm is far more workable
| and versatile than clay or Play-Doh. The
trained Masquer can affect plasm's color,
shape, texture or opacity with little
trouble. A wraith may be made hard as steel yet transparent
as glass. The Corpus can be folded, spindled and mutilated,
often without risking the slightest permanent harm.

Despite the differences between the two materials, sculpt-
ing plasm is usually likened to working clay, save that plasm
may be as easily hardened as softened. Unlike soulforging,
the arts of Moliate require no external tools (although some

Guildbook: Masquers

Soulshaping and Body Crafts

Certain Vampire:
already

The Masquerade players may

> familiar with the Skill of Body Crafts, the
ulpting flesh with the
Vicissitude. Son

art of ampiric Discipline of
may ask if it is possible for a vampire
ith ly Crafts to instruct a wraith in Soulshaping,
due to the similarities of the Skills. (Alternately, it is
entirely f ple that a Tzimisce ghoul given this abil-
ity might die and become a wraith.)
Unfortunately, the disparities between flesh and
plasm are far too numerous for these Abilities to
ly Crafts involves modeling flesh and
hile (hopefully) keeping the subject alive, and

overlap.
hone
es into account numerous nuances of the living

te
(blood flow, fatty tissue and so on). Soulshay

however, requires an entirely different "touct

only is the mental discipline of Moliate vastly dif-
ferent than the Vicissitude "mindset," but plasm
proves to have a texture and resiliency unlike that
of the living body. Ultimately, Bod
like the skills ofsculpeine wiehtela
interesting spring

Crafts is much
It provides an
oard, but is no substitute for the

training a talented Masquer receiv

Masquers use relic objects to aid in detail work — or interro-
gation). And, of course, a Corpus needs no anatomical
understructure such asa skeleton to hold it together. A wraith's
bones are echoes of living memory, not a necessary structure
of the ghostly form. Once a Masquer has grasped this prin-
ciple, it becomes child's play to rearrange a client's (or a
victim's) features to whatever configuration suits her whim.

The Corpus

When a wraith crosses the Shroud for the first time, just
after her death, her Corpus takes on the shape most natural to
her subconscious. This is usually either the wraith's self-image,
or how she appeared as she died. Her Corpus resembles her physi-
cal body only as much as she believes it will; some wraiths, for
instance, have internal organs, where others are hollow or com-
pletely solid on the inside. Those who lost an arm or leg in life
may find it reattached in death. Then again, they may not. No-
body in the Underworld questions this for long. It is simply one
of the accepted facts of existence beyond the Shroud.

A wraith's sentience tends to reside in the largest part of the
Corpus, not in the head. This tends to make decapitation an in-
convenience more than a deathblow. Some Masquer bullyboys
enjoy tearing the heads off Lemures to watch the hapless torsos
gtope around in search of their skulls. Conversely, at least three
renowned Masquer beauties do not actually sculpt their features
from day to day, but maintain a collection of disembodied heads,

grafting on whichever one suits their tastes for the evening. (Of
course, ifa wraith believes wholeheartedly that the head is the seat
of her intelligence, she may retain use of her head at the expense
of the rest of her Corpus going inert. If all that is left of a wraith is
her severed head, she will have two Corpus Levels at most — she
must regrow the rest, or have another body carefully attached.)

If a wraith loses a sizable chunk of her Corpus, the sev-
ered part will usually last for about a year before it breaks
down into useless plasm. (Sometimes the part maintains a
gruesome animation. For instance, hands may continue to
wriggle and toes may continue to twitch. This movement is
purely cosmetic; the severed organ is not capable of any sort
of independent action.) This deterioration can be much
quicker if the lost appendage is smaller; an ear might last for
about a month. The exception to this rule is the Skinmask.
Since so much of a wraith's identity resides in his face (one of
the reasons masks have always been a Stygian fashion must),
acaptured Skinmask is practically self-maintaining, losing its
form only after about a century or so.

Skinmasking

When a wraith loses her face to a Rend attack, she may heal
the damage. However, she (or her Masquer) must make an Intel-
ligence roll, difficulty 7, to get the details "just right." This diffi-
culty may be increased if the Shaper either spent little time look-

ing in mirrors (if the victim) or saw the client irregularly (if a
hired Masquer). Failure indicates that the reshaped face seemsa
bit blander than before, as one of the victim's minor peculiarities
was forgotten during the sculpting. Those who have been
Skinmasked repeatedly (for whatever reason) can eventually grow
to look only vaguely like they once did, becoming less and less
defined as with the passing of time. é
This also makes a pointed object lesson for frequent users of
Imitate. Those who manufacture false faces from their imagina-
tion, whether for themselves or for clients, can sometimes fall
into a simple trap. For a face to look "right," it must usually pos-
sess a singular characteristic or three — an overly long nose, a
concentration of freckles and so on. This holds true even when
shaping visages that are faces only in the loosest sense of the word.
As useful as a nondescript face can be for living within the Hier-
archy, individuality is sometimes a far more effective disguise.

Tricks ofthe Trade

So what if a wraith wants to seyer a limb, but have it still
crawl around at his bidding? Or what if he wants to remove
his head (still talking and wailing) and carry it around under
his arm, or even worse, dispense with a head entirely? These
and other gruesome tricks are all possible with a judicious use
of Sculpt, provided the Shaper is talented enough.

For example, a limb or head can't be completely severed
and still remain under the wraith's control. However, with
careful Soulshaping work, a gossamer-thin and transparent
cord of plasm can be left between the "severed" appendage
and its stump. Naturally, the wraith should be careful of hav-
ing the cord severed, but the line can usually be worked into
the same toughness as spiderweb. (Considering how much
thicker the cord can be than a strand of cobweb, this ensures
that the line won't be severed by anything short of violence
or a nasty accident.) As long as the cord is intact, the rogue
appendage is considered part of the wraith's Corpus. How-
ever, the cord cannot stretch any farther than six feet, or else
the wraith loses control of the body part. (If the head is the
severed chunk, the wraith may lose control of everything else!)

If the Masquer makes a successful Manipulation +
Soulshaping roll (difficulty 8), she may also create sensory
organs that appear to be something else entirely. She could
craft extra eyes that appear to be fingernails, or ears that re-
semble pockmarks. This is especially useful when used with
the "crawling hand" trick, or when molding a headless Cor-
pus for a client.

Of course, rumors tell of ancient Masquers, hidden from
even their Guild for ages, who can ignore the limitations
placed on most Soulshapers. These terrifying stalkers are al-
legedly able to split themselves into smaller but independent
versions of themselves, Moliate plasm into raw soulfire, sculpt
opponents without even touching them and even Rend the
stuff of Oblivion. These tales are likely no more than ghost
stories told to impressionable Lemures, but many Masquers
take them very seriously.

On Torches

One of the more reprehensible pri
de Manufacture of wraith
ep the Underworld lit. Of cours
have no innate ability to see in pitch black
it least a little light is nec nd the SI
This is hardly a satisfactory
continuing practice of cr
cally, torches Moliated (using
¢) from hapless Thralls or condemned crimi
nals. They are shaped into lor nder for rdeach
is imb ith a soulfire crystal. This ire gradu
ally burns away the Pathos and eventually the Corpus
he torch, bum: rtunate soul into Oblivion.
Th r of torcherafting tend to ac

cumulate At kly, and usually spend much of thei

fees on Pardoners' services.


heoretically, of course, there are no limits
to the number of Moliate arts. The tal-
gj| ented and imaginative Shapers of the
bi) Guild have had a long time to experiment
with new things to do to Corpora, and they
can access any number of bizarre arts. The
Storyteller should feel free to create new
Moliate arts for her chronicle, although she should be very
careful in assigning them levels. Also bear in mind that the
Masquers (like all Guilds) are a secretive, possessive lot, and
they lose their vaunted sense of humor when dealing with
those who are too free with Guild secrets. Such great-hearted
giving is exceptionally bad for business...

‘lizard Tail

A simple enough maneuver to learn, this art allows a
wraith to detach one of her limbs with no ill effects. This is
often used for "headless horseman" stunts, but it can be far
more useful for escaping darksteel manacles.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Moliate (difficulty
7). The wraith may shed one limb (or even a head) per
success. The wraith's body loses a Corpus Level for each
limb lost, until the limb is reattached with Sculpt or
the wraith regains enough Corpus to fashion another.
The Storyteller may allow someone using this art to shed \
smaller parts (hands, feet, noses) with no significant Cor-
pus Level loss, but at a higher difficulty (8 or so).

This art costs 1 Pathos.

+ inmold

This art allows a Shaper to massage plasm into the tex-
ture of her choice. It can be quite useful for creating mock
metal without resorting to Martialry, or for coating someone
with a fine coating of scales or fur without making more dras-
tic changes. Masquers also prefer this art for changing the
texture of their plasm furniture every once in a while.

System: The Shaper rolls Dexterity + Moliate, difficulty
6. As always, the changes last until Moliated away again. This
art cannot bestow armor or create edges sharp enough to do
damage, although it can certainly make a surface uncomfort-
able to the touch. This art can undo the effects of Calcify
(see below), although the difficulty for such a feat is 9.

this maneuver some surprise benefits (lowered difficulty to strike
the opponent, etc.), but this is hardly necessary.

Occasionally taught as a prerequisite art to Martialry, Calcify This art costs 1 Willpower and 1 Pathos.
allows a Shaper to harden plasm with her touch. This art nigh-

fossilizes plasm, making it very resistant to damage but " Chorus of Thtoats
completely inflexible. When com- :

bined with Bodyshape, this allowsa

This art was given to the Chanteurs as a con-

wraith to make durable fur- ciliatory gesture after the banishment of the
icurel Goud Gey 14M Guilds, bc inall likelihood it was developed long
pliable plasm. UR before then. The Masquer shapes a num-

System: The ber of extra throats and mouths (the
Masquer rolls location of these de-
Strength + Moliate (dif- pends widely on

preference; the ster-
, num and palms are
often favorites),
effectively allow-
ing herself to sing
and speak in
harmony. The
AQ effect is often
unnerving,
but can be
eerily beautiful.

ficulty of the target's
Stamina + 4). The number
of successes determines
how much of her target

is Calcified; five suc-
cesses indicate
complete "petri-
fication."
While Calci-
fied, a wraith
gains four ad-

ditional Ar- System: The
mor soak Masquer rolls Ma-
dice, but is # nipulation + Moliate

completely (difficulty 8). Each

immobile until
Moliated again.
If properly
sculpted before-
hand, the subject
may be completely
indistinguishable
from an ordinary statue, bookcase or
whatever other form it resembles.

plete with wind-
pipe and voice
box. The singer may
reduce the difficulty
of any Keening rolls
by one per mouth, to a minimum
difficulty of 4. Alternately, each
mouth may allow the player to ig-
nore one botch on any Social rolls
{ involving voice quality (song or
hypnotism, for example). Of course,
the extra mouths may penalize So-
cial rolls unless the affected singer is
dealing with the very open-minded.
This art costs 2 Pathos. The
mouths last until Moliated away
again.

This art costs 1 Pathos. If used on an
unwilling subject, the Shaper gains 1
Angst.

« Desperation s Lash

This tactic is often taught to Masquer warriors and
Arrangers asa last-ditch alternative to Rend, Martialry
or other warlike arts. The Masquer frantically strikes
out at his opponent, shifting a hand or foot into a more
damaging appendage. However, the speed with which the limb
must be shaped results in a too-soft weapon which becomes use- " Volley
less after a successful strike.

System: The player must roll Wits + Moliate (difficulty 8).
Tf successful, the wraith may inflict Strength + 3 damage on his
next hand-to-hand strike. The Storyteller may choose to allow

This art allows the Masquer to shape projectiles out of his
Corpus quickly and launch them at nearby targets. Although
costly, this ability usually takes opponents completely by surprise.

48 Guildbook: Masquers

Trey


System: The wraith rolls Dexterity + Moliate (difficulty
1) to strike his target. Range is the same as for a thrown knife.
The projectiles inflict two dice of unaggravated damage for
every Corpus Level the Masquer spends. At the Storyteller's
option, the Masquer may "staple" his target to a nearby hard
surface (usually difficulty 8 or 9). The Storyteller may also
allow a Masquer to attempt certain other stunts, such as de-
taching one's gibbering head and hurling it at a foe, with a
successful Stamina + Soulshaping roll (difficulty 8).

The wraith using this art must spend 2 Pathos in addi-
tion to the Corpus cost.

w» Chrysalis

One of the hallmarks of the Masquer assassin, this art en-
ables the user to sculpt skinlike facade, over a prepared Martialry-
built battle form. The wraith can then casually stroll wherever
she pleases. When trouble strikes, she can tear through the facade
in an instant, attacking without having to spend time and effort
on Martialry. The sight of a wat-Moliated form bursting through
the pale plasm of an innocent-seeming wraith has paralyzed many
aGuild enemy with fear —for a second or two precisely too many.

System: After preparing a (usually intimidating) battle shape
with Martialry, the Masquer rolls Dexterity + Moliate (difficulty
8). The number of successes adds to the difficulty of any Shapesense
rolls to detect the Moliation, toa maximum of 10. The facade may
look however the Masquer pleases, although duplicating another
wraith requires using Imitate.

Tearing through the facade does not count as an action,
although some deliberately exaggerate the shredding effect
to intimidate their opponents. The difficulty of any Intimi-
dation rolls is reduced by 3 in this case.

Chrysalis costs 3 Pathos.

oGirdng

This art allows the Masquer to craft other wraiths as if using
Martialry. It is one of the most profitable sidelines of Guild opera-
tions. The Masquer may only create weapons or armor in one
session; if the customer requires some of both, the Shaper must
use this art twice.

System: The Masquer rolls Intelligence + Moliate against
the customer's Stamina + 3. As with Martialry, each success
allows the customer to inflict an additional damage die in
combat (if the Masquer is Girding weapons from her limbs)
or add a die to her soak roll (if the Masquer is crafting armor).
As with Martialry, each success after the first when creating
armor adds one to the difficulty of Dexterity-based rolls.

This art costs 3 Pathos plus 1 Pathos per success gained.

wm Criple

Powerful Masquers are capable of inflicting such grievous
harm ona subject's Corpus that permanent damage results. The

Masquer with Cripple may tear away enough plasm to weakena §
victim, horribly scar him or even lobotomize him. It is also pos-
sible to destroy or smooth over sensory organs with this art.

Cripple is a jealously guarded secret, and one that en-
sures continued Hierarchy employment. (After all, Barghests
don't begin their wraithly existence with the brains of ani-
mals.) It is considered a just punishment by many Anacreons,
but some few Masquers deliberately seek out unjustly Crippled
wraiths or Barghests to heal the afflicted.

System: The Masquer must roll Intelligence + Moliate
against the victim's Willpower or Stamina + 4, whichever is
higher. Each two successes allow the Masquer to permanently
reduce one of his target's Attributes by one. These Attributes
can be restored by careful surgery with Sculpt (difficulty 10 to
diagnose and heal the damage).

Cripple costs 3 Pathos, and the wraith gains 1 Angst per
success,

om Ki

This art allows a Masquer to "fire" the plasm of a wraith,
effectively making the plasm unshapable. Moliated furniture
and tapestries, for example, can be preserved as they are with-
out fear of the subject reverting to normal. It also serves as an
effective punishment tool (imagine having to bear the face of
a pox-ridden garden slug throughout your afterlife!) and even
insurance for powerful clients. Those few Masquers able to
shapelock their prisoners or clients are usually in incredible
demand — rumor has it that the Guild has covertly provided
three Deathlords with Kiln services. Although some Masquers
dislike the idea of rendering a target immune to the Guild's
Arcanos, the fact that the Shapers hold both measure and
countermeasure has helped promote this art's survival. H

System: The Masquer rolls Strength + Moliate, difficulty
9. If successful, the subject cannot be further Moliated until
this power is revoked. This not only prevents Shapers from
using Sculpt or Bodyshape on the subject, but also grants im-
munity to Rend, Cripple and similar arts. This art is its own
antidote; a Masquer with Kiln can also reverse its effects, ef-
fectively undoing a previous application of the art. No other
Arcanos can undo a shapelock.

The Pathos cost is 4. Shapers locking the shape of un-
willing subjects gain 3 Angst.

wom Soothe

This rare Art is used by compassionate Masquers in the Hi-
erarchy as a sort of anesthesia. These Masquers quietly pick souls
destined for the forges and Moliate their senses. The resulting
forged objects feel no pain or discomfort; rather, they exist in a
soft stupor. The existence of Soothe is a Guild secret. Some
Masquers decry it as no better than lobotomizing prisoners; oth-
ers argue that the art should be shared with all wraiths, to lessen


mastered Moliate to this degree, the point remains moot.

System: The Masquer makes an extended Manipulation +
Moliate roll (difficulty 8; three successes on a Perception + Em-
pathy roll reduces the difficulty to 6). Five successes effectively
deadens the soul's senses so that the target feels nothing but a
pleasant haze during and after being reforged. A botch indicates
failure, and the Masquer cannot try again on the same soul. This
can be used on free-willed wraiths as well: Each success deadens
the wraith's senses for a longer period of time. (The exact dura-
tion isat the Storyteller's discretion. Preferably, one success equals
a turn, three a scene and five about a week or so.) Soothe cannot
be used on actively resistant wraiths.

This Art costs 4 Pathos. Wraiths with the Caregiver Na-
ture (or another similarly appropriate) may regain Willpower
for using Soothe to ease a doomed soul's torment.

Masquer Merits & Flaws

_ here are certain advantages and disadvan-
6 YEG SM) tages peculiar to Guild life. These Merits and
SA" 4] Flaws reflect various characteristics that
wraiths who consistently practice Moliate
or who are allied with the Masquers' Guild
could have. Storytellers may allow non-
Masquers to purchase these Merits and
Flaws, although they are most appropriate for the Soulshapers.
Just as in the Wraith Players Guide, the following Flaws
can be taken to increase a beginning character's freebie points
(to a maximum of seven points), or a player may purchase
any of these Merits with freebie points.

Ommidesterous (2 pt Merit

You aren't just skilled at using both hands equally well,
you're talented with whatever appendage you manage to
sculpt. You receive no penalty for trying something with any-
thing normally considered an "off-hand." Talented Masquers
with this Merit can type with their feet, pick locks with their
tails and wield darksteel with their tongues.

Fluid Corpus 5 pt Merit)

Your Corpus is so remarkably malleable that you can virtually
pour yourself into a pitcher without Moliation. All Moliate at-
tempts made on your form (including Rend) are at -3 difficulty,
and you can squeeze your Corpus through a hole the size of a quar-
ter without having to spend a Corpus Level or make a Moliate roll.

Forgettable ( pt Merit)

You're good. You've managed to find the perfect face —
the one that people have a hell of a time trying to remember.


While you wear this face (for purposes of Imitate, treat your
memory as difficulty 5), your Appearance and Charisma are
effectively 2. However, when trying to be unobtrusive among
other wraiths, the difficulty of Stealth and low-key Subter-
fuge rolls is reduced by 3. In addition, the Storyteller may opt
to rule that others may have to roll Intelligence (difficulty 8)
to remember that you were ever there.

Plsm Famulus (6 pt Mert)

Through careful practice, you have managed to create a small
homonculus out of your own plasm, one that is capable of inde-
pendent movement and action. Alternately, some other Masquer
may have fashioned this for you. This famulus ordinarily rides in a
concealed pouch in your body, although you may release it when-
ever you choose. It remains attached to you by a slender, almost
limitless cord of plasm. (Storyteller's discretion as to how far the
cord stretches: The current record is a little less than two miles.)
The homonculus has a sort of dim intelligence, something like the
"second brain" of a dinosaur. While the cord connects the two of
you, you may sense through whatever sensory organs it bears. If the
cord is severed (with three Corpus Levels of damage, the sensory
link is broken, and the famulus will attempt to return to you how-
ever it can. The cord may be mended with judicious use of Sculpt.
The famulus has much the same Attributes as its creator, but may
only have a maximum Intelligence, Wits and Strength of two. It
has a maximum of four Corpus Levels. If it is slain, you must spend
apermanent Willpower, four Corpus Levels, five Pathos and a week
inseclusion to carefully craft another. Those taking this Merit gain
an extra temporary Angst point during character creation, and
another any time the famulus must be re-created. The division of
personality is often a chink in the Psyche's armor...

This Merit's possibilities are infinitely gruesome. For one, a
wraith may store the homonculus in almost any portion of her
Corpus, including the head, shoulder or thigh. Also, since the

famulus may take any form, it may seem to be something relatively : me!
harmless, such as a glossy rat with an infinitely long tail (the cord). WSS 7.
However, other Masquers prefer more twisted versions, such as a Be /
plasmic embryo (carried in the belly, of course) attached by an pv

umbilical cord. Of course, no matter how seemingly innocent your
famulus is, it will almost certainly disturb those who see it emerge,
or those who listen to it converse in its high, shrill voice.

isolationist (2 pt flaw)

You have become so caught up in Underworld affairs that
you no longer interact with the living to any real extent. Your
difficulty to use any Arcanoi that cross the Shroud (Embody,
Outrage, Pandemonium and the like) is raised by one, to a maxi-
mum of 10. This only affects casual dealings with the living, not
rolls made to interact directly with your Passions or Fetters. You
may not even be aware that you have this Flaw, as you haven't
wandered back to the old workplace in ages...


Nutrophbi G pt flaw)

Although you can Moliate others without any qualms, you
are extremely skittish about having your own form changed. This
fear may have developed after your initiation, or perhaps you've
never relished the thought of changing your own Corpus. You
must make a Willpower roll to attempt to Moliate yourself or to
allow another Masquer to do so. In addition, you probably dis-
like being touched (who knows when someone might try to Rend
you?) and avoid "bodily" contact with other wraiths.

Heacless (4 pt flaw)

For whatever reason, your head is not attached to the rest of
your Corpus, but it is still the seat of your intelligence and senses.

Moliate cannot reattach your head, and any extra sensory organs
attached to your body have greatly diminished capabilities. Ob-
viously, you need to take care of your head to remain at full effi-
ciency, and you probably carry it around with you. If your head
and Corpus are separated, your Storyteller may allow you to
roleplay either or both parts, which may lead to some very inter-
esting game sessions. (You'll be in a lot of trouble if you acciden-
tally drop your head down a Nihil, for one...) The Shadow may
be presumed to "dwell" mostly within the head, although sadis-
tic Storytellers may allow it to take over your body's actions. (This
becomes particularly vicious if it has the Psyche, in the form of
the disembodied head, in its grasp.) Although this Flaw is suit-
able for any and all wraiths, not just Masquers, the Storyteller
who allows a headless character should be ready to ad-lib the
most insanely bizarre situations.


very Guild has certain resources available
to it and it alone. The following Artifacts
are carefully kept secrets of the Masquers'
Guild, who will take steps to retrieve any
not in Guild hands. However, if the Story-
teller desires, she may make them accessible
to the average wraith in her chronicle.

Quicksilver Minor (Luxury, level 3)

These rare devices serve a twofold purpose. For one, they
are somehow capable of reflecting the viewer's face as he would
like it to become. The Masquer who is using the mirror care-
fully constructs a desired face in his mind's eye, and the mir-
ror depicts it just so. The reflection is always a little translu-
cent, and the Masquer's current face is visible through it. This

allows the Masquer using it to subtract 1 from the difficulty of 9/1
using Imitate, Sculpt or Bodyshape on himself. Ole
A Quicksilver Mirror is also capable of showing a wraith's
original face, no matter how heavily Moliated she currently
is. To activate this ability, the wraith must spend 1 Pathos
and catch the subject's reflection. If the subject doesn't resist, @
the reflection is automatically accurate. If the Moliated wraith
wants to conceal her true face, the mirror's user must make an
opposed Perception + Empathy roll against the subject's Wits
+ Subterfuge. If the subject wins, the mirror reflects whatever
face she desires. If the roll is a tie, the mirror goes blank. The
subject's true face is only revealed if the mirror's user wins.

Facade Brooch (Luxury, evel 4)

One of the more prized treasures of the Guild, the Fa- {)
cade Brooch is a must for all Fetches. While a wraith wears
this brooch, Shapesense will not work on her. This artifact
can come in many forms, such as tietacks, cufflinks, hairpins {
or even small buttons.

Chapter Four: Chisel and Clay (or, Masquer Ways and Means)



How many loved your moments of glad grace,
And loved your beauty with love false or true,
But one man loved the pilgrim soul in you,

And loved the sorrows of your changing face.

— William Butler Yeats, "When You Are Old"

Behind every mask in the Guild lies a story. Despite tales
of psychotic personality disorders and witless amnesiacs, the
Masquers are every bit as human (as it were) as any other
wraiths. Although their personalities often reflect the stresses
and idiosyncrasies of Guild life, they run as variegated a gamut
as is ever seen. Some of them are even what they appear to be.

The following templates represent a small sample of the 47)
characters who might owe allegiance to the Masquers' Guild.
They can be adopted as is into a chronicle, or they can be
heavily tweaked into versions more pleasing to a player or
Storyteller's taste. As always, adaptation is the key.


Deep Cover fetch

Quote: Good evening,
i Demeter. You're looking very
well tonight. Your Pardoner did

an excellent job, I presume?

Prelude: Your acting talent
showed through at an early age, and your
auditions constantly won you leading roles at
university. You were very flattered when the dap-
per lady from MI6 quietly arrived and talked about
career choices. Intrigued by the possibilities, you agreed.

Your training was somewhat accelerated, and you soon
found yourself in a "stand-in" mission. After successfully pass-
ing yourself off as the Iranian ambassador's aide for two
weeks, you were quietly extracted, debriefed and prepared
for your next job. It was a little too fast — you hadn't suc-
cessfully shed your accent yet, and the bodyguard who no-
ticed put a bullet in your temple.

In the Shadowlands, it was almost the same story all
over again. But this time, the recruitment agent looked
like a beast from a surrealist's nightmare, and the training
that was offered was beyond anything you could have
imagined. Your final limitations — sex and build — are
now completely irrelevant, and you have been trained to
read even into a subject's memories. Astonishing as the
Underworld may be, at least you're doing what you're used
to.

Concept: You are a consummate actor and infor-
mant, so talented that even you sometimes forget that
you aren't who others think you are. You are capable of
being someone else for as long as it takes, no matter
who this new person you are called on to emulate might
be. The only drawback is that you have very few friends
of your own, but socializing with your facade's colleagues
can sometimes ease the feelings of loneliness.

Roleplaying Notes: Never, ever break character. Allow
yourself the luxury of your true personality only between jobs.
Occasionally you indulge in a mannerism or accent left over
from a previous assignment — this is unprofessional, and you
are always horribly ashamed when you slip like this. Fortu-
nately, most people ascribe this to a taste for Puppetry.

Relics: Pocketwatch, small mirror

Guildbook: Masquers


"9 y | Strength, @@000 Charisma

Dexterity__.—

OOO

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: ZLraditionatist

Shadow: Director

Attributes
Social

Manipulation,

SS @O00 Appearance.

Telents

Alertness,

Mt
W)) Contacts

@@000

Abilities
wk

Drive.
Etiquette,
Firearms,
Leadership.
Meditation,
Melee.
Performance.
Repair,
Stealth,

Advantages
Pasios
Ausid Failure (Shame)

life: 77476 ".Gtared-in'
Death: 540 ie dine of Zouty
Regiet: Failed Friends

Perception,
Intelligence.

Bureaucracy,
Computer,
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics,
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics.
Science.

Motiate

Status (Guitd)

@@000

Woatch Over 00000

Mremosynis

(| Alties

@@000

Coworkers (Loyatty) @@e00

Fatalism.

)) Memoriam

@0000

Covertly help Those 00000

OO0000
00000

In Need (Compassion, @e@e@00
OO0O000

00000

00000

| a

Veco: fits pooeoe
Case File
WW Mortal Coworker
‘ Used Lotus

BEBBBBOOO0


Quote: No, I understand. I really do. Go ahead, tell me everything. I'm an excellent listener.

Prelude: Your life was drab and cold. The other children teased you at school, and you responded
by retreating into a literary dreamland. Fact was too dreary, so fiction was the natural escape. You soon
developed a taste for fantasy, particularly romantic fantasy. Even if you didn't have any real-life proof

y that true love existed, you had faith.

You tried getting into acting in college, but stage fright crippled you at auditions. So you spent a
lot of time watching plays and trying your hand at writing scripts and fiction. You weren't naturally
inspired, but your vocabulary and sense of style got you somewhere with your English teachers.

Unfortunately, you were still alone. You didn't feel comfortable about the typical "campus social
activities," and nobody invites a recluse into an interesting clique. It wasn't going to get any better,

either. One particularly wet and miserable night, you were walking back from the library alone and a
Jeep helmed by a drunken frat boy smashed you into the Shadowlands.
Your Reaper hustled you away and sold you to the Guild, who recognized a real talent for
Moliate when they saw it. They were right; a lifetime of wistful thinking had sharpened yout
imagination for the aesthetic. And here, you get the chance to be what you never were in
life. Now you're always alert, waiting for that one true someone that you'll know to be your
soul mate. And you'll be anything your lover wants or needs. Anything.

Concept: You never found the true, eternal nourishing love that you knew you deserved
in life. So now you seek it in death, and your self-image depends entirely on what you think
you should be to attract your soul mate. You don't even remember what gender you used to

be, but who cares? If there's one thing you believe in, it's that love has everything to do with
the spirit, not the body.

Roleplaying Notes: You are more than a bit obsessive, although not quite the
doormat that others might think. Check your face often, and hold yourself with poise.

Fixate on someone that you think might be "the right one," try pleasing them as
much as you can, and when it becomes obvious that they're not the one, gently cut
the ties and move on. Move quietly and speak softly, but if anyone threatens you and
yours, rip him into weeping tatters.

Relics: Silver pendant, copy of The Riverside Shakespeare


y

} Strength.

@@000
@0

Dexterity.
i OO

|) Dodee

i

Empathy.
Expression,

#) Intimidation.

\) Stweowise

are

Subterfuge.

Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Caregiver
Shadow: Parent

Attributes
Socal
Charisma,

Manipulation.
Appearance,

Abilities
dk

Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms,
Leadership.

life: oy Cottege <Seudent
Death: Drunk Driver
Regret: Never Found True Love

Perceptioy
Intelligence.
Wits,

Bureaucracy,
Computer,
Enigmas.
Investigation,
Law.

Meditation,
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

Passions
Find Love (Hope)

Linguistics.
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics,
Science.

Arcanoi
Moliate

ee
Support Friends (Loneliness) @@@OO

Usury

Make Yourself Perfect (Fear) @®OOO

OO0000

00000

00000

00000

[etters: eo-oreene ADCO0-8 (pS POCO.

Campus Library @ee0e0
Sei;

CD ee @

00000
00000
00000

Soft Corpus

rococo Angst
@ee000000
QOOO0880 Ga


Quote: Yes, I can handle them. I'll bring you their Skinmasks first thing tomorrow moming.

Prelude: You had to fight a lot in the backwoods town where you were raised. They grew ‘em mean back there, and you
had to defend everything you wanted from the local toughs. You finally escaped by earning an athletic scholarship to the state
university, where you met her.

She was wonderful. Nobody could ever slip under your shell the way she could. Everybody else had always tried to take
what was yours away from you; she offered everything she had to you, and you did the same for her. You were practically on
cloud nine until the accident.

‘You wandered blindly for a time, until a Reaper found you and tore away your Caul. Your lover's name was the first thing you cried,
By the confused look in the Reaper's eyes, you knew he'd never seen her. He took your hand, snapped a manacle on your wrist, and led
you to a black-market auction. You didn't pull yourself together until one of the guards snapped a barbed whip across your back.

You caught him in your chains and hammered him into a Harrowing.

They beat you down, but they didn't destroy you. You
were hauled to the block, and you soon found
yourself at the end of a leash. Your ferocity had
marked you as Barghest stock,
and that would have been it.
But the wraith who came to
Moliate you slipped you away and
brought you before a strange, face-
less woman. It was a simple bar-
gain; they'd help you find your
lover, and you'd become a honed
blade for them. You couldn't
work up the spit to disagree.
Concept: You were a vi-
cious fighter in life, but are
almost mechanically effi-
cient in death. Now you
spend all your time
Moliated into your ar-
mored form, only becom-
ing vaguely human again
every once in a while. It's
been a year in the Guild now.
You figure the Masquers may be
worth dying again for, but you're
not sure they're worth "living" for.
With only a half-tarnished hope of
seeing your lover again, you make
a rotten actor. That's fine; no-
body pays you to act.
Roleplaying Notes:
You're practically a shell of
your former self. The only
\ thing holding you here is
\, your complete refusal
to believe that your
lover is gone. You still
believe in happy endings, even if you don't
admit it to yourself anymore.
Relics: Motorcycle


OO
fe)
e@e0

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Corformist
Shadow: Wunster

Attributes
Social
Charisma.

Manipulation.
Appearance.

Tales
Alertness,

{ij Athletics

| Awareness.

) Brawl

i Dodke

fl Empathy.

| Expression.

|| Intimidation,
Streetwise
Subterfuge,

Alas oe Pea
Gidolm OOOO
Status (Guitd) @0000
Memoriam =< ®O0000

Notoriety @0000
2h == OOOO

00000

Etiquette.
Firearms,
Leadership.

life: ptardened A thcete
Death: Motoreycle Crash

@@000 Perception.
OOO Intelligence.
@@@00 Wits

OOOOO Bureaucracy.
@@@00 Computer.
OOOOO Enigmas.
@@000 Investigation.
OOOOO Law.

Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth.

Find Lover (Love)

OOOOO Linguistics.
@@@@0 Medicine.
OO0O000 Occul
OOOOO Pol
@@000 Science.

Wuliate

Never Surrender

OO0000 Arges

@000'

(Determination)

@0000 Keening

@0000;

Achieve A thtetic

00000

Perfection (Pride)

@0000

OO0000

00000

Site of Crash @e@e@00

| Lover's Class = e


Quote: It never gets any better — it's kind of like mileage that way. You
wouldn't happen to know which way to a Pardoner, would you?

Prelude: Things had been going fairly well for the past few years. You'd
recently gotten tenure in recognition of your extensive anthropological re-
search, and the university had agreed to send you to the Amazon for the
summer. You'd heard some interesting rumors about a secret war that the
natives were fighting, and who better to learn the truth? It didn't take too
long to befriend the inhabitants of one of the Yanomami villages. Un-
fortunately, you were only beginning to fit in when a silver
nitrate bullet from a corporate rifle took your life.

You came to your senses while being dragged along a By-
way. You'd been found by one of your former students, who felt
your talents would be useful to her Guild. Intrigued by the possibility of
learning more about the Underworld, you agreed to come with her .

When your formal education ended, the practical learning be-
gan. You could have gotten involved in Stygian politics, but there
was a much more intense lure — the Tempest. If you could find out
what made the Spectres tick, everybody would have a much better
chance at fighting Oblivion. And the things you'd learn...

No, that settled it. The Spectres were, after all, nightmares born
of human imagination. You'd seen more than your share of violent
customs and casual bloodshed. Once again, who better to learn the
truth?

Concept: You've signed up for the most dangerous job the
Masquers are willing to talk about, so most wraiths think you must
be completely crazy. Far from it. You're as committed as it gets. Of
course, the hefty bounties help, but there are easier ways to get
tich. Hell, they've all got to be easier than this. But you're learn-
ing more about Oblivion than anybody short of a Pardoner, and
they say knowledge is power. Damn straight it is.

Roleplaying Notes: Never let your guard down — your time
among the Spectres has made you more than a little edgy. Speak
quietly and precisely, and avoid losing your temper. Smile gently
whenever someone starts rambling about Oblivion, and only tell
them the truth if they sincerely want to know.

Relics: Notebook, reading-glasses


Nature: 4 rehitect life: Adventurous Anthropologist
Demeanor: qudge Death: Acieted by Pentew Lroops
Shadow: Zeationatise Regie: Hever Learned Enough
NHACS +o-erimacmewisibnwcccee
Physical Social
@@000 Charisma, @@@00 Perception.
@@@00 Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence.
@@@00 Appearance. @@000 Wits
Abilities comoesacccccececccco4
Talents Skills
@0000 Crafts, @0OO0O00 Bureaucracy.
OOOOO Drive @0000 Computer. : OOOO0O}
‘ | @0000 Etiquette. @@000 Enigmas. OO000Q
‘wl Sg @0O000 Firearms. OOOOO Investigation. @@000)
\ ( i | i Dodge. @@@00 Leadership, OOOOO Law. OOOOO}
I , i] Empathy. @0000 Meditation, @0000 Linguistics, @@000
y j ] ) Expression. OOOOO Melee. OOOOO Medicine. @0000\
i i 4 Intimidation. @0000 Performance. OOO0O0O Occult
\| Srectwise 00000 Repair 00000 Politics
\ Subterfuge. @@@00 Stealth. @@000 Science.
] PoCC COCO CO ORO OO DOE Advantages POOSCOO COO D OOO OOOOF
Backgrounds Pasions Atcanci
Contacts Discover the Spectres! OO00O WMbtiate
Memoriam Weaknesses (Curiosity) C0000 Aras
Wreath @@000 Aid the Amazon Natives OOOOO
O000O (Compassion)
OOOOO Sabotage Pentex (Revenge) @@SOO
OOO00O OO0000
OO0O00O0 OO0000

-) Passport @e@0@00

Lecture Podium @@@00
Fedora @@000

| Fishing Rod @@000
00000
00000

ye = 0000

M =a Guild Natks Oooo


ae

‘
Twistheak

Quote: That? That was nothing. Kid stuff. Watch THIS!!

Prelude: God, you had a boring life. You were born to boring parents in a boring suburb of a boring city in a boring state.
Elementary school was a joke. High school was more interesting — sort of — but even the fringe cliques didn't appeal to you.
For all the posing and strutting, each supported its own grinding engine of conformity. Everybody felt like they had to belong,
and they felt like they had to be just like their friends to do so. The whole damn mess was completely wrong, so you turned
your back on all of them.

You took to bizarre pranks as a way to rattle the cages of
"convention. Of course, the copycats started up after your first
little "project," but you weren't daunted. With an artist's passion,

you continued on to bigger and greater tasks, driven by your desire to be
f different, to be larger than life. And if some of your pranks got a little
mean-spirited, what did you care? Chaos doesn't pull any punches —
why should you have to?
Then, one day, you were caught. You can't figure out where you
5 slipped up, but your little project at the expense Of one of the classroom
"a dealers went very wrong. Your disrespect proved to be fatal. Still, you
P felt nothing but contempt for the little wannfabe as the .44 slug tore
through the back of your skull.
eS When you hit the other side, things actually started looking up for
7 you. Sure, it was a whole new place where people felt they had to be
like everybody else. You disdained joining Renegades, Heretics and
Hierarchy alike, preferring instead to keep solo. Then one of the
more interesting wraiths, a man whose skin seemed to be made of
playing cards, made you an offer: You'd have the opportunity to be
whatever, whoever you liked, no matter how surreal or disjointed. It
probably freaked them out when you started giggling halfway through
your initiation.
Concept: You are the paragon of what the Masquers should be, at
a least in your own mind. Now you have the power to show people what
f individualism really means, and the unparalleled canvas of your own
Corpus is the ideal vehicle for your new art.
Roleplaying Notes: You are a master of the
surreal, not the gross. Your murder tugs at you
\\ occasionally, and you are very capable of be-
ing businesslike, but the rapture of your
newfound talents often overwhelms you.
Moliate yourself often and extravagantly —
and never, ever repeat yourself.
Relics: Swiss army knife, roll of duct
tape


Athletics,
Awareness.

a
at

e000
@e@000

Nature: Avant-Garhe
Demeanor: Deviant
Shadow: Abuser

Attributes
si

Manipulation.
Appearance,

Abilities
dik

life: High School Prankster

i Shot by Freshman Pusher

Regret: Craved More Recognition

Perception.
Intelligence.

oes

Bureaucracy,
Computer_s
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law.

Passions
Ghorv off Artistry (Pride) @@@@0

Linguistics.
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics

iN
DU contacts
WY tam

@0000

Impress Guitdmasters

00000

"| Status (Guitd)

@0000

(Eagerness)

@@e00

OO0000

Shock People (Perversity)

7@00

00000

Avenge Murder (Anger)

@@000

00000

00000

00000

00000

ey
Pjrcocce: fetes poom oc

\ High Schoot Locker @ee@00

Murderer @@000
Picture of Yother @@000
pees es OOOO

‘| OO0000
OO000


«Regrettably, it proves almost impossible to catalogue a roll of no-
torious Masquers by name. More than any other Renegade Guild, they
operate under aliases and manufacture almost impenetrable false faces
for themselves, making a comprehensive list of their most infamous con-

jectural at best...

—Marius Vieuzac, Masks of Notoriety: The Criminals of the Guilds

Shahrazad

It's true that a number of centuries ago, a king slew his queen
for dallying with a slave. It's also true that he began having vit-
gins carried away from their families to him, then executed after
a few nights so that they couldn't prove dishonorable. And it's
true that a storyteller married him and distracted him with tales
for a while. However, history has glossed over the details.

The young storyteller arrived at the king's palace, under-
went the marriage ceremony, and drifted off to the king's cham-
bers, promising him the grandest of stories. When visitors came
to ask favors of the king the next day, they were told that the
tale was not finished. No visitors were admitted for weeks,
and the reason was always the same: The tale was not fin-
ished. Those who commented that fewer and fewer of the

Guildbook: Masquers

king's most loyal guards were at their posts were quickly
shushed. Eventually, Shahrazad emerged from the royal
bedchambers and smiled at her father, the vizier. And thus a
forgotten kingdom quietly accepted a new regime.

But alas, the greatest tales end with sadness. Shahrazad
was poisoned by a loyal servant of the king's, and she found
herself in the realm of the dead. She quickly realized that the
monster she'd murdered on her wedding night might not have
moved immediately to Hell, and Shahrazad set out to find
him. Her innate guile and charisma served her well in the
Underworld, and soon she gained a reputation as a sterling
spy and assassin.

Shahrazad has by now abandoned her quest, sure that the
defiler of so much innocence so many years past was devoured by
Oblivion. She has been a part of the Masquers' Guild since its


inception, and enjoys traveling across the Shadowlands to col-
lect lore and valuable information. Her age and experience com-
mand her much respect from her Guildmates, and when she oc-
casionally "comes out of retirement" to accept some particular
spywork or "housecleaning," the resulting story is often the talk
of the Guild for years thereafter.

Molitre

When Jean-Baptiste Poquelin collapsed after his final
performance in 1673, France mourned the loss of one of its
greatest theatrical talents. The playwright and actor who
called himself Moliére had managed to gain tremendous popu-
larity among court and commoners alike. France mourned —
but the Shadowlands rejoiced.

When word spread that Moliére lingered on as a wraith, {
the representatives of several Guilds attempted to cajole him
into their ranks. The Sandmen in particular sought to induct

him into their dream theatres, and so he followed with them 9)

for a space. However, it wasn't long before his restlessness 9
and eye for societal politics got the better of him. Searching
for more ways to dabble in Stygian society, he eventually
wound up speaking at length with Shahrazad, and through }
her, the Masquers. The chemistry between the sharp-witted
old playwright and the irreverent, duplicitous Guild was noth-
ing short of magical.

Although not the most warlike or deceptive of Masquer

elders, Moliére is still a dangerous wraith to cross. He has §j

numerous friends in Hierarchy and Guilds alike, and is possi-
bly the best-loved senior member among the Masquers. Those
who threaten harm to the jovial soul often find themselves
wearing Barghest muzzles, reshaped into spittoons or worse.

Slander

Slanderis the infamous monarch ofthe Anonymae. Records
of Slander's business dealings indicate no apparent allegiances,
no driving goals, nothing but a loose loyalty to the Guild. And

yet, despite the fact that there's no such thing as "Slanderesque" |

behavior, all the Masquers instinctively know when the master
has struck again. No matter what the task, be it theft, assassina-
tion (of wraith or mortal), spywork or political sabotage, Slander
always finishes the job with a certain elegant, undefinable some-
thing that acts as an ethereal signature. Nobody knows exactly
how the Masquers recognize such unsigned work. One theory,
though, posits that if any other Masquer completed a task with

such refinement, pride would certainly demand for it to be signed. ¥ \

Slander is at once very difficult and childishly easy to
hire. For one, Slander charges heavily, and accepts only Pa-
thos in coin. In addition, the Masquer apparently has access
to powerful Fatalism, and he makes himself available to em-
ployers at roughly the same time they've decided to seek the
Anonyma's services. Not everyone meets Slander's tastes,
however, and only the most intriguing tasks are likely to merit

Appendix: Dramatis Personae


a noo

the shadowy Masquer's attention. Folk say that Slander's been
hired by Deathlords and hapless Lemures alike, for whatever
they can offer (and sometimes even less than that).

Of course, the rumors are only secondary to the truth.
Slander is accomplished at practically every form of elegant
skullduggery, and he has been so for at least the last century.
It is certain that Slander is only one person, and not several
Masquers operating in concert. Fearsomely intelligent and
unremittingly professional, Slander keeps an edge sharper than
Nhudri's blades and a reputation that rides on the posting
winds to all corners of the world.

Cicely Grimaldi

A recent addition to the Masquer ranks, Cicely has ex-
hibited an uncanny talent for Moliate and a great deal of su-
pernatural knowledge. These both relate to her mortal life,
which she spent as thrall to one of the terrible fleshcrafting
vampires, the Tzimisce.

Cicely was born from a liaison between a human school-
teacher and a pureblooded Grimaldi revenant (for details on
the Grimaldi, see Storytellers Handbook to the Sabbat). She
was soon given into the care of the vampire Anastasa Zhukov,
who carefully trained Cicely in the arts of espionage. Over
time, Cicely became bound to Anastasa's will over all other
concerns. She learned Vicissitude from her mistress, and uti-
lized it to infiltrate many sects of vampires and even magi.
However, eventually her lies caught up to her and a Brujah
gang beat her to death.

Once in the Shadowlands, Cicely found that her mis-
tress' pleasures no longer concerned her. Freed from the shack-
les of vampiric blood, she began to pursue the goals of her
personal life. But just as her servitude prevented her from
achieving her ends in life, the Shroud kept her from her goals
in death. At some point after this revelation, she joined the
Masquers.

Cicely is an oddity among the Guild. She can be extraor-
dinarily cruel, but she is tender to her close friends. Where
most advise leaving the mortal world as it is, she encourages
her Guildmates to learn more about the supernatural deni-
zens of the physical world. Her knowledge of vampires is sec-
ond to none, and she is rapidly learning all that she can about
the Garou and magi. She has also learned some of the secrets
of a few other Guilds, and she often Skinrides humans in or-
der to meet with fleshly supernaturals. If she continues to gain
influence, she may well bring the Masquers a new group of
contacts among the inhabitants of the World of Darkness.


F)

Per
Chronicle:

Attributes

Social Nental

() Strength________©OO00 Charisma @0000 Perception, @0000

Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence. @0000
Stamina, @0000 Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000

WOClCOCODOOROOSDOCOD. Abilities Sooo el COCO CONDO O ODO OOOS
Talents Skills Krowledges

OOOOO Crafts OOOOO Bureaucracy.

00000 Drive 00000 Computer

OOOOO Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas.

OOOOO Firearms. OOOO Investigation,

OOOOO Leadership. OOOOO Law.

OOOOO Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics,
Melee____ SC OOO0O Medicine.

OOOOO Performance. 00000 Occult,

OOOOO Repair. OOOOO Politics.

OOOOO Stealth OOOOO Science.

is Passions

OO000O0
OO000O0
00000
OO0000
OO0000
OO0000

Wihotetr oocooc ~mooo Favorite Cents -oncmere

O00000000
OQO0000000

QNO00000000


Death

Ml Age Apparent Age Date of Bitth. RIP. Gender
ay Height. Weight Hair, Eyes. Race.
| Nationality. Garb,

by Other Distinguishing Features

Ilene

AX | Angst Dark Passions
hX? 0000000000
»\ Bi Cheer Gi) ———oo00
5 y 0000
ie J | veiw 90004
7 Psyche Willpower J 0000
ai \| © 0,0'0'9/0 0,90 9, 800000 |


Alles

Expanded Background

Eidolon

F:

w Contacts Status
j Memoriam Mentor
y

Notoriety

Wealth

Artifacts

Relis

AY

Guild Secrets Known

= ZG See We

SSS

Standing =

Guild Contacts

Appt

Weapon Difficulty [Damage|Conceal|Range|


Did You Die with ~
P That face or
Because of it?

: First thingyou have to realize is-thar you're not meat anymore>
—~-You're-plasm,-son, and you know what T can do with plasm?
T-can doanything T damn well please: l-can make you look a
like. a movie Star; tum your hands to knives or twist you into a black-
velvet painting of Elvis. And if you can't decide what you want to be,
~ heck, Flldecide:for yow: Hold still. This won' hurt a bie.

— OE That This Too, Too Solid Plasm- Would Melt. —

Pity-the-poor, misunderstood Masquets. Even among the outlawed Guilds,
they'ré-distrusted. And why? Just because-they-can: change their-faces in-an-instant,
oe fearsome weapons from the plasm of their-bodiés, transmogrify other wraiths
into tapestri€s and transform ordinary-wraiths into the dreaded barghésts, some
Z (dead) people are afraid of them. And yet, they all seem''so nicé:...
Guildbook:-Masquers is the-third in the series of Guildbooks for Wraith:
~The Oblivion Take a look-inside the Guild with a proud reputation
, for treachery, deceit and impeccable taste= You might event like what
#- yousee: Afterall, when Masquets can look likeanyone or anything,
everyone they mect is cither-a potential client — ora potential
resource.-Go ahead, they're just-dying to-meet you.
Guildbook: Masquets also includes: . ¢ -
-—* New arts forthe Areanos Moliate — everything
~you ever wanted to knowabout soulshaping-but were.
= atraid to ask. :
¢ Helldivers, Idunn, Fetches-and-all of the
other Masquer specialists who make life in
— the Underworld more interesting.
* The Masquers" fearful initiation
rites, deadly combatsecrets and more!

ISBN 1-56504-604-8
WW 6011 $12.00

© 2°781565°04604 7

Pr ee
