# File: Mediums - Speakers with the Dead.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook About Mortals Who Know Too Much for
Wraith: The Oblivion™


EDIUM

"A \\Sk SPEAKERS WITH THE DEAD

By justin Achill, Andrew Bates, Roger Gaudreau, Ed Hell
Robert Martin, ames A. Moore, Ronni Radner, Tracy
Rysavy, Lisa & john Daigle and Fred Yelk

To see what is in front of one <i
nose needs a constant struggle, =

3 ‘ iy



Credits

Written by: Justin Achilli, Andrew Bates, Lisa Daigle, John
Daigle, Roger Gaudreau, Ed Hall, Robert Martin, James A.
Moore, Ronni Radner, Tracy Rysavy and Fred Yelk
Additional Writing by: Richard E. Dansky

Development by: Richard E. Dansky

Editing by: Ed Hall and Allison Sturms:

Art Direction by: Lawrence Snelly

Art by: Dennis Calero, Richard Clark, Mike Danza, Fred
Hooper, Eric Lacombe, David Leri, Larry MacDougall, Pia
Guerra

Front Cover: Greg Loudon
Layout and typesetting by: Robby Poore

XK saad

au

785 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, CA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
poses of reviews and for blank character sheets, which may
be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vam-
pire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage
the Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. A2on, Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dream-
ing, Werewolf the Wild West, Mediums Speakers with the
Dead, The Quick and the Dead, Dark Reflections Spec-
tres and Wraith Players Guide are trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or prod-
uct in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac-
ters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

4 Nediums

Special Thanks

Mike "50 Bucks and Plane Fare" Chaney, for sharing
entirely too many gawdawful late nights at the office

Larry "Come Dancing" Friedman, for being our own little
Ray Davies

Pauly "Groove Thang Personified" LePree, for sharing
with us those few good parts of the ‘70s

Laura "Demon Editrix" Perkinson, for ministering to the
living and the dead

Staley "Pregnant Pause" Krause, for decidedly non-pulpy
fiction

Christian "Miss Direction" Naberhaus, for doing his best
to make sure no one showed at that party

Elizabeth "Philadelphia Phreedom" McKee, phor think-
ing about phleeing to the phrozen norph, err, north

Cymon "Sex in a Canoe" Hight, for his goddamned mis-
erable taste in beer

Trace "NERO Fiddles, Crawfordsville Burns" o'Connor,
for the never-ending quest for 15-mile-wide spaceships

Tim "We Hardly Knew Ye" Byrd, for a too-brief sojourn
in the land of E&D

Emory "Serious Acumen" Hester, who never did any-
thing stupid enough to warrant a special thanks before

Kathleen "Screenburn Nights" Ryan, for providing pro-
tection in the graveyard at midnight

Oh Soon "Wonder Woman" Shropshire, for trying to
make stars of us all

Additional Thanks:

Ed Hall would like to thank Los Hermanos Parker,
Cristina Vergano, Maria, Nora and Ike Saporta and Monique
Huiet for their invaluable assistance and support.

Richard Dansky would like to thank wapini hota for her
assistance.


Table of Content

Ghost Story: The Sound of Silent Echoes 6
Chapter One: introduction l
Chapter Two: On the Boardwalk 10
Chapter Three: The Good, the Bad and the incompetent 4
Chapter Four; Old friends 60
Chapter Five: The Godly and the Damned 16
Chapter Si: From Obsidian Nihts %6

Chapter Seven: New Faces 108

Contents


By james A. Moore

Ghost Story: The Sound of Silent Echoes


The first thing you need to understand is that I never meant
to cause anyone any harm. When I started working the Board-
walk (Atlantic City; you can hear the capital "B," can't you?) as
a medium, | was aiming to make a few bucks and pass out some
good advice at the same time. I'm good with advice; it's a talent.
I've never steered anyone the wrong way as long as I've been
alive. It was a good racket, and it paid enough for me to get a
shop between the Fun City Amusement Pier and Costanzo's Fa-
mous Salt Water Taffy. The customers just came streaming in
then, even though a few were kind of disappointed that I wasn't
alittle old lady ina shawl or some gorgeous babe with smoldering
eyes and a plunging neckline.

Some people asked me what they should do about cer-
tain situations, like a cheating girlfriend or a husband a little
too eager to use his fists as a means of persuasion. I'd tell ‘em
what they should do and I'd throw in a "The spirits have heard
you, and they think..." just to make sure they would pay at-
tention. After all, no one wants my advice, but when the same
stuff comes from the spirits, all of a sudden it's gospel. You'd
think they'd know better, you'd think they really would.

Now and then I'd get some poor old lady who really tore
into her old man when he was alive. After he'd died, she'd sud-
denly realize that maybe she could have been nicer in her time.
Kinder to the man she'd promised to love, honor and cherish.
When that happened, I'd just do a little mind-picking and find
out what her old man was like, then I'd give the proper answer to
let her sleep easier at night.

Mind-picking...it's sort of hard to describe, but I'll give it
my best shot. Whenever I concentrated, I could listen in on
other people's thoughts. Nothing like in the movies, you un-
derstand, but enough to make educated guesses about certain
things. For instance, if a woman was talking to me about her
late husband, I could sort of hear him talking through her
memories. It wasn't an exact science or anything, but it was
something I could do, and I knew how to use it.

So this little old lady named Gladace came in, worrying
that her dear departed Frank couldn't forgive her for the things
she said just before his heart gave out, right? Well, I just lis-
tened to Gladace's thoughts, and I mimicked the sort of thing
he would have said (if he hadn't dropped dead) when they
finished an argument. For the cost of my $20 fee, Gladace
gets to sleep better at night and I get beer money. Hey, | figure
a shrink would have cost her five grand to tell her the same
thing. My way? Faster and cheaper, and just about as honest.

But thought-picking isn't what I can do now, not any
more. Mind you, using my other talent wouldn't be a real bright
idea right about now, but even so, it's the sort of thing you
should know about. Just for protection's sake, really. Honest.

You ever watch any of those shows about dying and com-
ing back? Well, if you have then you know all about the people
who come back from the "other side" with miraculous powers
and the ability to talk to the dead. I'm not one of 'em. For me
all it took was three weeks with a fever of a hundred and two.

8 Nediums

Take my word for it, the Polar Bear Club isn't worth the risks
to your health. By jumping into a goddamned freezing lake, I
managed to turn a simple flu into rheumatic fever, and every
joint in my body was swollen and aching. Every breath I took
felt like someone was pouring hot ashes into my lungs. I spent
three weeks babbling like a bagman in a room full of Feds,
and I had a good dozen conversations with my dead Uncle
Willie. I even saw him once. He looked good, for a dead guy.

Eventually the fever broke and I went home. That, you'd
think, should have been that. Hah.

A few days after that, the Dead started talking to me.
They already knew who I was, because when you work as a
medium, a lot of them come to see if you're the real thing. I
wasn't before then, but things changed while I was sick. I was
the real deal when I woke up, and they knew it. Once they
knew I could hear them, my life as a sane human being was
over.

Thad me a long talk with my dead Uncle Willie, once he
cut through all the other bozos yammering at me. | heard all
sorts of stuff. And I learned that a few of the dead folk I'd
impersonated over the years weren't exactly thrilled with me.
Some of them were even a little pissed off. Oh, most were
grateful I'd been kind to their relatives, but a few were a little
angry about the lies. A stiff named Pete Wilkins was mighty
sore about me sleeping with his widow, too. Hey, it was her
idea, not mine. She didn't have enough money to pay me and
we...negotiated. For what it's worth, I'm still dating her. It
ain't like I was a jerk about it or anything. There was about
three weeks when every other time I saw her, I had to pass on
messages from her dead husband. Finally, she just told him to
go to hell, and I haven't heard from him since.

Anyhow, from then on, things changed. I couldn't mind-
pick people anymore, but I could talk to the Dead. And let me
tell you, some of them dead folks have a lot to say, whether you
want to hear it or not. Still, even that was cool for a while. Lis-
ten, the Dead have things they left unresolved. Sometimes they
need to pass on a message, and sometimes they want to answer a
question for someone they cared about when they were alive.
Either way, when they learn about somebody who can actually
hear what they have to say, you've got a crowd on your hands.
Most of the time they're sort of quiet about it, but once in a while
all hell breaks loose and they all start screaming at once. They
told me they have to come to me when the "Hierarchy" isn't
around, because talking to living people is against the rules. But
they manage to say a lot anyway.

I gave up the Boardwalk not long after that, and I started
doing seances. People pay a lot more when you're willing to
make house calls. From time to time someone would try to set
me up, but I didn't use any gimmicks, so that made it harder

.for them. If a dead person couldn't be contacted, I told the

people as much and I left it alone. I know I said the Dead like
to talk, but a lot of them are either really shy, or they aren't


hanging around with the ones I talk to the most, or they're
just gone. Not everyone becomes a ghost, I guess. The Dead
don't like to talk about the details of the "other side." I get
the idea that's against the rules too, but I couldn't confirm it.

Life got downright cushy for a while. I was rolling in
money, and I didn't have to look for people to hire me, they
came looking for me. I even got a few interviews on the local
TV news and in the papers. Especially around Halloween; that
was a real good time for me. I made some deals with the Dead
so that I'd help them in exchange for some slack time, and
the arrangement seemed to work out. I'd talk to them when |
was on duty, and they left me alone the rest of the time. Now
and then I'd even find someone for a few of my ghostly pals
and pass along a message. Hey, they helped me make my liv-
ing, it was the least I could do.

Contrary to what Hollywood likes to portray, I never had
any ghosts climbing into my body and talking through me.
Instead, I just listened to what they said, and I gave my living
customers the answers their dearly departed gave me. I never
spoke to Elvis or even to Jim Morrison. I just talked to regular
people.

Iclaimed I never saw any ghosts. That's not quite true. I did
see a few, and that's what got me out of the medium business. I
was up in Manhattan, dealing with a group of people who'd just
lost their old, rich auntie, and they couldn't find her last will and
testament. They were greedy, so I gladly milked them for a little
extra. Ramona Willowsby, the recently dead relative in ques-
tion, liked that. She cackled like I'd made a great joke. "You take
those vultures for everything you can, Jerry! Bleed them dry,"
she cried, "just like they did me!"

I'd been answering their questions for about an hour, and
Ramona was having a great time playing coy about the will's
location. Her nephew, Herbert Owens-Forsythe Willowsby III,
was doing most of the questioning. "Can Auntie Ramona tell
us where the will is, Mister Walker?" He didn't ask questions,
he sniffed them, as if being in the same room with me caused
his sinuses to go nuts.

Ramona spoke to me again, her voice cracking with laugh-
ter. "You tell ‘em I put it someplace close to my heart, Jerry!
You tell 'em I hid it where they'd never look, 'cause they were
only after my money!" Ramona couldn't just speak, she had
to scream in my ear, and she had a set of lungs on her. Look-
ing at the dignified, well-crafted portrait of her that hung over
the fireplace, 1 could almost see her speaking. She looked a
little crazy, though the artist had apparently tried to downplay
that aspect of her personality.

I gotta tell you, these dummies were thick. Everything
she'd said told me the will was hidden in the frame of her
oversized portrait, but they wouldn't get the hints and I wasn't
gonna make it easy for 'em. Ramona was having too good a
time, and I was being paid by the hour. "Ramona says she
kept it someplace close to her heart, where she knew you'd
have an easy time finding it."


"Oh, for God's sake!" That was Tiffany, a very attractive
woman with a very ugly mind. I didn't need to look beyond the
contempt in her almond eyes to know that she thought I was
about as pleasant as a roach. "Why is she being so difficult? It's a
simple enough question, even Ramona should be able to figure it
out!" Tiffany lit another cigarette, which she puffed on angrily.
She left a blood-red trail of lipstick on the filter.

I was looking beyond Tiffany, staring at the mirror, when
I saw the figure for the first time. No one else seemed to no-
tice the new addition to the crowd, but I couldn't miss it. I
say it cause I'm still not certain if the figure was a woman or a
man. It wore a three-piece suit, charcoal gray with light pin-
stripes. The suit was about 40 years out of style, but it still
looked sharp. The figure stood very still, and looked at me
from beneath a perfectly smooth brow. Even as I watched,
dark, heavy eyebrows grew in, and the brown eyes that stared
at me shifted to a cold, dangerous shade of blue.

It lifted one long, delicate finger to thin, harsh lips, and
made a gesture for me to be silent.

"You keep sucking those things down, you harpy!" Ramona
screamed in my ear as I looked around the room. The figure I'd
seen reflected in the mirror wasn't visible anywhere. "You'll be
dead in six months the way you're going! You've got a tumor the
size of grape in your skull, and it's only getting bigger!"

I turned to look at Tiffany. Something in my expression
must have caught her eye, because she looked at me with genu-
ine concern. "Whatever is the matter, Mister Walker?"

"Your aunt wanted me to tell you that you've got to get toa
doctor as soon as possible. She says you've got a brain tumor."

I heard Ramona's gasp of disbelief more clearly than |
heard anyone else's. "Damn it, Jerry, that was supposed to be
a secret!"

"Ramona," I sighed. "You can't keep that sort of thing a
secret. People should be warned when their health is in-
volved."

I heard a grating noise, and I looked toward the mirror
again. The thing in the suit was back, shaking its head and
looking at me with green eyes that promised retribution. If
I'd known what it wanted I'd have gladly complied. It scared
me. Even as I watched, its fingers reached out toward me,
through the mirrored surface. Where each finger touched the
glass, I saw frost grow on the reflective surface.

Ramona hissed in my ear. "You don't understand!" Her
voice was urgent, almost frantic. "They don't want that sort
of knowledge passed on! If you tell the living what's coming
their way, they might change things. | was just talking out
loud, you can't say that sort of stuff to the Quick! It'll cost me
my existence if they find out!"

I was vaguely aware that everyone in the room was look-
ing toward me, but I was still watching the figure in the mir-
ror. Once again, it pressed long fingers to its lips and shook
its head. I got the message: silence. It wanted me to be quiet.

"If who finds out, Ramona?"

"The Hierarchy! Damn your eyes, Jerry, the Hierarchy!
Even talking to you is against the rules, but they're willing to
overlook certain indiscretions. Now you're pushing the lim-
its!" I couldn't see Ramona, but I could imagine the look on
her face, her eyes wild and staring, her tight bun of silvery
hair disheveled and her brow greasy with fear-sweat.

"Ramona, you're already dead. What could they possibly
do to you?"

When Ramona spoke again, her voice was soft, almost a
whisper. "You don't ever want to find out, Jerry. Believe me,
you can't begin to imagine."

"Do you want to stop now, Ramona?" All around the room,
her "beloved" kin raised their voices in protest. At the same time,
I saw the frost lines on the mirror grow into jagged lightning bolt
patterns. Even as I tried to sort out what my clients were saying,
the massive, antique looking glass shattered, raining silvery blades
through the air. For just an instant, I thought I saw a figure move
into the room. A figure in a gray pinstripe suit.

Knives of glass flew through the air and landed in a per-
fect circle around the chair where | was seated. Ramona
screamed in my ear, more frightened than I'd have thought
possible: "Run Jerry! He'll want you dead! I—No! Wait, I'll
keep my silence! I'm sorry I'm so very sor—"

That was the last I heard of Ramona. There were no
screams of anguish, but I knew that she was gone. I sensed it.

In the mirrored shards around my feet, | saw that face
again, reflected and broken, but still obviously the same strange
creature. I opened my mouth to speak, though I've no idea
what I would have said. It lifted that one, long finger again,
and placed it before thin, angry lips.

Tt wanted silence, and this time I knew better than to
argue.

When I complied, perfect, even teeth showed themselves,
framed by a full, sensual mouth. "I'm going to say this only

OG
Ronen)

once," the creature said in a voice as warm and friendly as a
viper. "You have offended the wrong people."

I started to speak, and the long graceful fingers I'd seen a
second before grew longer still, changing into nasty-looking
blades that gleamed in the light. Once again, the index finger
went to the mouth and I heard a soft, shushing noise. Look-
ing at the finger-knives, I took the hint and shut the hell up.
The thing smiled again, revealing a nasty looking row of jagged
fangs where a movie-star grin had been before.

"Those whom you've displeased are not among the living,
but if you want to delay joining them you'll stop speaking with
the Restless Dead. There are rules to be followed, and | am
here to enforce them." It paused for a moment, just long enough
for its warning to sink in. "Ramona is gone. You won't hear
from her again. Your mother is still alive, but I can change that.
Your father is among the Dead, and if you want his existence to
be pleasant, you'll pretend you never could speak with us or
hear us. I know where you live, and I know where you go. I can
kill you at any time. Be glad they sent me; there are others who
wouldn't offer this warning."

With those words, the figure disappeared. I was about to
breathe again, when its voice whispered in my ear. "I know
you'll make the right choice. You see, I can scare you and
hurt you while you are alive, but I can do so much more to
you after you die. I can make your suffering last an eternity
‘once you've passed over — and that's a very long time."

The voice faded away, and I looked at the people around
me and shook. The others stared at me expectantly. After a
minute, I stood up and walked out of the room. I didn't even
bother to close the door. That was my last job as a medium.

I went back to school, and now I'ma lawyer. I don't talk to
the dead anymore, but I still listen. Sometimes they call me a
coward, and sometimes they call me other things. I'd like to help
them, but I'm just a little too addicted to breathing to do that. I
don't know what the hell that thing was, but I've taken its warn-
ing to heart. I've got a nasty feeling that it can be anyone it
wants to be, and that keeps me on the straight and narrow. I've
got just one thing to say to the Dead these days: you talk, I'll
listen. But whatever you say goes no further than me.

Ghost Story: The Sound of silent Echoes in


—@| he word "medium" has many definitions,
but one of the most important in the World
of Darkness is "a means of communica-
tion," for that is really what human medi-
}\ ums are: a means of communication be-
tween the living and the Dead, a pipeline
of information between two worlds. While
the Dead have no trouble seeing and hearing what the living
do, it's more difficult for the Quick to hear the whispers and
demands of the Restless. Despite all of their power, the ghosts
who haunt our world need a bit of an assist getting their point
across when the Shroud's in the way.

‘want IER Seat Se Nagy ((( say

a ate ro zs YRVARS €¢ > 2 Nae

They need mediums.

Which is not to say that more arrogant wraiths don't re-
sent the need for assistance from mortals — particularly mor-
tals who, because of their interactions with the Dead, tend to
end up a little off-kilter. It galls wraithly pride to have to rely
on others, and more than one wraith's Shadow has taken ad-
vantage of that dependency. It leads to all sorts of problems,
and mediums take more than their share of abuse from the
very souls they're often forced to help. And that's just wraiths
— there are plenty of Spectres who make mediums their own
personal projects.

Being a medium, then, isn't necessarily the safest, or the
easiest job around.

Chapter One: introduction 13


livings off the Dead, and false
mediums (not to mention the
wraiths who deal with them).
Suggested uses of Arcanoi for
teaching these dilettantes a
lesson are included as well.
Chapter Four hearkens
back to The Quick and the
Dead and gives a quick up-
date on what some of the
more energetic ghosthunting
societies are up to these days.
The Benandanti, the Paran-
ormal Research Wing and the
Orphic Circle all get more in-
depth treatment. Plus, the
question of what the
Benandanti do with all the
bodies finally gets answered.
In Chapter Five, things
take a supernatural twist. Up
front is an explanation of the
connection between wraiths
and televangelists. Deeper in is
information on the Giovanni,
and more on how they actually
make use of wraiths. Closing
things out is a section on the
care and feeding of a Spectre
cult, including the gory details
of what spending too much

14 Nediums

ow to Use This Book

ediums: Speakers with the Dead is in-
tended as a resource for both players and
Storytellers. Included in this chapter are
a brief overview of who mediums are,
what sort of wraiths interact with them,
and how to build a medium character.
The rest of the book is source material
on what sorts of people are talking to the Dead, and in some
cases which specific individuals or groups are messing about
with the Restless. The focus of the book is to allow you to
generate good characters and stories from that information.

Chapter Two offers information on so-called boardwalk
mediums, archetypal card readers and tellers of fortunes. It
also has information on using tarot in your Wraith game, both
as a game mechanic and as a storytelling aid.

Chapter Three focuses on people who perhaps shouldn't
be mucking about with the Underworld. Included are aca-
demic researchers into the afterlife, people who make their

servants.

time in the proximity of a Spectre can do to you and how the
Shadow-eaten can pass on some of their powers to their favorite

Chapter Six ventures into the world of Native Ameri-
can mediums. It presents an overview of how mediums deal
with the living and Dead across North America.

New templates fill Chapter Seven. As always, they're
there to be used, modified or adapted as you see fit.

Who Are They?

here's no simple definition of who's a me-
dium and who isn't. Indeed, the defini-
tion of what a medium is has become fluid
in this age of skeptical spirituality. Board-
walk palm readers and scientists trying to
tap the energy of the Dead, charlatans em-
ploying ghosts to shake down customers
and revivalists who speak with wraiths, little old ladies in their
tea circles and ghosthunting Dannati — all of them can see,

and speak with, the Dead. All are mediums in some respect or

To See or Not To See?

The advantages and disadvantages of voluntary ver-
sus involuntary mediumhood just about balance. The
involuntary medium doesn't have to spend any Will-
power to speak toa ghost; indeed, she doesn't even have
to make a roll. However, this ability means she sees all
of the ghosts in a given vicinity, and unless those wraiths
ipidly. What

follows is chaos, as practical jokers, sadists and "nor-

are exceedingly stupid, they'll realize it
mal" wraiths desperate to get word across the Shroud
descend on the hapless medium. The result can be any-
where from low comedy to tragedy, particularly if the
wraiths bring their Arcanoi (or Shadows) into play.
On the other hand, a medium who must work to
rosts has his own problems. While his existence is
relatively normal most of the time (in other words, not
disrupted by assorted disembodied dead people floating
through his living room and demanding that he pay at-
tention), he has to work hard, focus his will and usu-
ally spend some sort of mental energy in order to make
contact with the other side. This limitation means he
can't listen to the Dead all that often, as doing so would
take too much out of him. It also means that he doesn't
necessarily hear his ghostly friends when they want —
or need — to get in contact with him. If an emergency
situation occurs and the medium's not listening, things

can get hairy quickly.

another.

Generally, though, the
term s‘medium" refers to a
mortal human who can see
and hear ghosts without any
extra expenditure of energy
or will on the ghost's part.
Variables such as whether the
mortal must spend energy to
see and hear ghosts or to
block out her ghostly visions
follow no set pattern. There
are mediums who must work
hard to get spirits to speak
with them, and ones who re-
quire all their will just to
block out the spectral voices
in their heads.

Breakdowns

Trying to create a demo-
graphic chart of mediums is
an exercise in futility, if not
dementia. They come from
all walks of life and attribute
their visions to different
sources. The point is that the
"gift" of seeing the Dead is
something bestowed ran-
domly, and neither genetic

factors nor societal ones can explain who gets picked by fate
to see the Restless.

So when the question, "Who can be a medium?" arises,
the simple answer is, "Anyone." There are scientists peering
across the Shroud; lone searchers after eldritch, tenebrous
horror who peer into haunted houses; boardwalk tarot read-
ers on the run from wraiths they've displeased; young girls
surrounded by maelstroms of poltergeist activity; and entre-
preneurs whose income derives from granting ghosts peace by
freeing them of their Fetters. It's an open field: Anyone can
be struck with the bug, and wraiths talk to anyone who can
listen (as long as the Hierarchy isn't watching).

But that still begs the question, what is an average me-
dium like? Most of them have some knowledge of existence
beyond the Shroud, though their information is likely to be
incomplete or tainted by the medium's own preconceptions.
Some are even deliberately misled, for whatever reason, by
their ghostly contacts. In any case, it is likely that a medium
has only part of the picture.

A majority of mediums actively work with their gifts as well,
either for personal or professional reasons. An unused ability to
see ghosts can fade with time. Then again, most mediums find
dealing with the facts of their reality (specifically, the dead folks
flitting around) easier than trying to block them out. The com-
promise they settle on is to determine conditions under which
they will and won't work with the Restless. Mediums often es-
tablish Contracts (see p. 51) with one or two wraiths who serve
as brokers on the other side. This arrangement keeps the burden.
on mediums manageable, while also making sure that their post-
mortem operations are low-key enough to avoid prosecution for
Dictum Mortuum violations.

Not every medium deals with ghosts per se. Many are
involved in fortunetelling, and use their connections to
wraiths merely as a means to that end. Others are looking for
answers from New-Agey spirits (or old-time devils) and just
happen to get wraiths instead.

Look Whos Talking

The wraiths who talk to mediums are almost uniformly
Renegades or, less frequently, Heretics. Most good Hierarchy
citizens avoid talking to mediums, as doing so breaks Charon's
Law. Of course, talking to a medium once in a while can't
hurt. Can it? (Only if you get caught, the Shadow whispers —
and so the illicit trade goes on.)

Wraiths who cut deals with a particular medium are in
high demand on the outskirts of Necropoli, where they barter
access to "their" medium in exchange for Pathos, services and
goods. Competition for access to reliable mediums is fierce,
and a wraith who tries to cut in on another wraith's business
is liable to get himself pummeled into a Harrowing.

Several of the Guilds do heavy business with mediums,
in particular the Puppeteers, Proctors and Oracles. The Pup-


peteers have a vested interest in seeing and being seen by the
mortal population, but in controlled doses. Oracles (and, toa
lesser extent, Monitors) often wind up linked with boardwalk-
style mediums, who make excellent use of these wraiths' for-
tune-telling capabilities in exchange for access to the medi-
ums' highly emotional clients.

One might expect the Haunters to do a booming (and
crashing and thudding) trade with mediums, but it's simply
not the case. Haunters aren't much for communication or the
ope exchange of ideas. They'd rather just send everyone
screaming into the night, regardless of who "should" or
"shouldn't" see them. Most cases of poltergeist activity in-
volve Haunters, as newly receptive mediums make prime
Haunter targets. However, no Haunter worth his salt takes
the time to talk to his victim in such a case, except perhaps to
spew obscenities in her direction.

Finally, there's the question of Spectres. As mediums, by
virtue of their spectacular auras, stand out even to a Shadow-

Step One: Ch ter Concept: Who are you?

© Choose Nature, Demeanor, Membership

© Determine Concept, Motivation, Catalyst

Step Two: Select Attributes

© Prioritize your three categories: Primary 6, Secondary
4, Tertiary 3

© Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Stamina and Dex-
terity

© Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation and
Appearance

© Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence and
Wits

Step Three: Select Abilities (11, 7, 4)

© Prioritize your three categories: Talents, Skills and
Knowledges

© Choose Talents: What can you do naturally?

* Choose Skills: What are you trained to do?

* Choose Knowledges: What have you studied?

Step Four: Select your Advantages

Choose Background Traits (5)

Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record Base Willpower (3)

© Spend Freebie Points (21) on Numina, optional
Merits and Flaws (in Wraith Players Guide), or
to increase Attributes, Abilities, Willpower or
Backgrounds.

¢ Record Personalia: Appearance, Home, Talismans, etc.

For more information on Numina, Talismans, etc.,
see chapter 3 of The Quick and the Dead.


eaten's dimmed sight, they are easy targets for harassment from
the other side. A Spectre who comes across an established
medium — one who knows what she's doing — is likely to go
on the offensive and do his damnedest to drive the medium
insane. There's plenty of Angst to be had in such pursuits,
not to mention the frustration and panic inflicted on the lo-
cal wraiths by an assault against the local medium. On the
other hand, brand-spanking-new mediums are the perfect
seeds for a Spectre cult, as these naive or greedy individuals
can often be turned to Spectral service.

Character Creation

here are two options for creating a me-
| dium character. The first involves follow-
ing the template for character creation
i) found in The Quick and the Dead, which
postulates that mediums' powers are, in
fact, a sort of Numina — hedge magic, in
effect. This method is a perfectly good way
to create a medium character, and allows for a great deal of
versatility in the sorts of interaction with the Dead the me-
dium character has.

On the other hand, some players don't want to deal with
hedge magic systems, and prefer a more straightforward ap-
proach to a medium's abilities. For these players, an alternate
system follows, based on Merits and Flaws. Neither system is
"better"; they are simply alternative routes to the same goal.

Opposite is the chart for creating a Numina-based me-
dium character. Rules follow for building a medium with Merits
and Flaws.

Merit-Based Mediums

Merit-based mediums' powers come from a variety of super-
natural sources. You can mix and match the Merits and Flaws
below to create the appropriate combination of powers for your
medium character. Otherwise, character creation for this sort of
medium is identical to that for a "normal" medium.

Creepy Feelings (! Point Merit)

While a mortal with this Merit can't actually see ghosts,
he gets a shiver up and down his spine whenever a wraith is
nearby. By succeeding on a Perception + Awareness roll (diffi-
culty 6), the mortal gets a weird feeling every time a wraith is
in the same room as he is. Many Benandanti have this Merit.

Wanted (! Point Flaw)

The Hierarchy has heard about the medium and wants to
put her out of business. Odds are the local Legionnaires concen-

trate on the ghostly side of things — discouraging clients and so
on — but there's always a slim chance that an overzealous Cen-
turion might decide to go to the root of the problem.

Extremely Depressing (2 Point Flaw)

Extremely Depressing mortals are so tied up in gloom and
doom (perhaps because they can see, right there in front of
them, the walking, talking evidence that existence is futile)
that they actually radiate Angst. Any wraith dealing with an
Extremely Depressing person automatically soaks up a point
of Temporary Angst.

Dead Connection (2 Point Merit)

A Dead Connection is a single wraith with whom the
medium has extensive and friendly relations, and who serves
asa liaison with the Underworld for the character. The Con-
nection helps conceal the medium's activities from the Hier-
archy, arranges ghostly clients and basically keeps the medium
from being overwhelmed.

A medium must be able to see ghosts before taking a Dead
Connection, and this Merit does not cancel out the effects of
Mobbed.

Mobbed (3 Point flaw)

A Mobbed medium is very popular with the Restless Dead.
Too popular, in fact — wraiths won't leave her alone. The char-
acter is constantly inundated with ghosts asking for favors, de-
manding attention or just wanting to spend a little quality time.
This can be annoying, embarrassing or even potentially danger-
ous: Consider what happens if a particularly attentive wraith's
Shadow takes over just as the Mobbed medium is trying to nego-
tiate a particularly difficult curve in the rain...

freebie Points
Freebie Points may be used to purchase Numins
Abilities, Back
‘ounds and Willpower. Flaws may be chosen to add
ee Wraith
Players Guide for a full listing of Merits and Flaws.
Cost

Merits, or to increase Attributes,

Freebie Points, up to a maximum of five.

Trait
Attributes
Abilities

per dot
per dot

dot
First Numina Type

Second Numina Type dot

1
7 dot
4
3 dot

Extra rituals

Willpower

dot


Note: This Flaw also lends itself to the sort of low com-
edy wherein one character attempts to carry on simultaneous
conversations with a ghost and a mortal (who, of course, can't
see the ghost and wants to know who the hell the medium is
talking to).

Poltergeist Party (3 Point Flaw)

A medium with this Flaw has attracted the attention of a
Circle of Haunters and/or Spooks, who've decided to have a
little fun. This Flaw automatically grants the medium the abil-
ity to see and hear only the wraiths who are tormenting her.
More to the point, the Guildwraiths in question do their best
to make the medium's life a living hell. Often, the goal is to
drive the medium insane — or to kill her.

Smal Gift @ Point Meri

With an effort, you can see wraiths. Your vision even oc-
casionally extends across the Shroud and into the

Nediums

Shadowlands, but only when you work at it. This effect is
achieved by rolling Perception + Awareness (difficulty 7); the
number of successes indicates the number of minutes for which
the medium can converse with and see the other side. Wraiths
cannot counteract their newfound visibility (except with ©
Argos: Enshroud).

Spectre Meat (3 Point Flaw)

The medium stands out not only to wraiths but also to
Spectres. As a matter of fact, he stands out from the crowd
especially well to Spectres. This, as you might expect, is not a
Good Thing. Any Spectres in the area, if given a choice of
whom to harass, will head immediately for the character.

Easy Consort (4 Point Merit)

The medium, while not necessarily able to see across the
Shroud, is an easily accessible host for a Puppeteer. All medi-
ums with this Merit are considered to be Attuned, and the

CATS I0S

difficulty of all Puppetry rolls involving them is decreased by
2. Furthermore, the medium maintains full awareness while
the wraith is in possession of her body. This condition can
lead to particularly benign Puppeteers allowing "time-share"
at seances.

This Merit has its downside as well, making the medium
easy prey for less scrupulous wraiths — and Spectres.

Deathsght (4 Pont flaw)

This Flaw often comes in conjunction with Speaker with
the Dead. When cursed with Deathsight, a medium sees the
world as a wraith does: as a blasted, decaying morass of rot
and desolation. Living humans appear diseased and distorted,

plants appear blighted and buildings seem to be on the verge
of collapse. Seeing the world through grave-colored glasses
naturally wears on the medium's nerves, and most mortals with
this Flaw are edgy, depressed and always on the lookout for
incipient disaster.

Speaker with the Dead (6 Point Merit)

A Speaker with the Dead can, without additional effort, see
and hear wraiths and can even see, dimly, across the Shroud into
the Shadowlands. This vision cannot be controlled except
through the use of Normalcy (see p. 23). A true Speaker with
the Dead is never free from her visions of ghosts, and either learns
to reconcile her existence in dual realities or goes mad.

Chapter One: introduction 19



For I would walk alone

Under the quiet stars, and at that time

Have felt whate'er there is of power in sound . . .
And I would stand,

In the night blackened with the coming storm,
Beneath some rock, listening to notes that are
The ghostly language of the ancient earth,

Or make their dim abode in distant winds.
Thence I did drink the visionary power.

— William Wordsworth, "The Prelude"

Chapter Two: On the Boardwalk 1

Rear ee
SSeS ENS >

Fortune Teles and
Psvchics: The Boardwalk

History

y 16th year was anything but sweet. As if my
| raging hormones and the consequent fact that I
bore a marked resemblance to Chaucer's Sum-
| moner weren't enough to deal with, that was
B| when the voices I'd heard ever since I was a
| little girl got worse. Starting then, they were al-
ways there, always asking me to find someone,
to talk to someone, to ease the pain that life-after-death gave them. At
first, it really depressed me. I mean, isn't death supposed to be better?
Rainbows and harps and that "lions sleeping next to lambs" shit? But
no, all I heard was the sound of a thousand ghosts screaming their
heads off at me. Then I started seeing them. They crawled all over the
hood of my car when I was taking my driving test. They flew out of the
screen and dive-bombed me at the movies. I was unprotected, my
chakras so wide open you could drive a small tank through them. Next,
my romantic life went to hell after my first and only date; at my junior
prom Seth grew another head that projectile-vomited Purple Passion
Punch all over the new Jessica McClintock dress I'd worn for the
occasion. After that, every guy I thought was cute would suddenly
appear to have maggots crawling in and out of his facial orifices. It
wasn't exactly conducive to a blossoming relationship. I guess I was
just meant to be alone. Just me and the voices of the damned.

After a while, I got a nagging feeling that if I didn't do something
soon, I was going to end up like my Aunt Lula, who's been in mental
hospitals since she was my age. So, on a hunch, I started meditating,
reading books at the New Age store with all the crystals sparkling in
the windows. And I bought a pack of tarot cards. The pictures were
pretty. Anyway, having them in front of me gave me some focus. It
was like magic; I'd choose a card, and then I'd hear only one voice. I
eventually learned to isolate and even block the voices without the
cards when I needed to. I did it. I controlled the ghosts on my own,
quieting the cacophony inside my head. I made them start coming forth
as individuals, and they would share bits and pieces of their former
lives. They tell me that I help them. They tell me I'm their chosen one.
SoI wander from city to city in search of actual fragments of their lives
here on Earth. I make connections for them, find the objects of their
desires. They need me. It's better than being with people who think
I'ma freak, you know?

As motley a crew as there ever was, boardwalk mediums
almost defy categorization. Almost. These loners and wanderers,
who associate themselves with no particular group or organiza-

tion, are a ragtag bunch whose loyalties are few and whose per-
manent settlements are nonexistent. In fact, organized factions
of ghosthunters often compare them to carnival workers — soli-
tary, nomadic, and leeching off the dregs of humanity amidst the
intoxicating glitz of the most decadent cities of the Quick.

The histories of boardwalk mediums are as varied as their tran-
sitory settlements. They hail from all four comers of the earth and
from all walks of life. Some owe their ghosthunting talents to a
trickle of Romani genes or to a Latin-American great-grandmother
versed in the arts of Santeria. Others found their calling after near-
death experiences penetrated their protective Fog and made them
open up unwittingly to the denizens of the Shadowlands. The point
is, however, that being a medium is not something you choose; it's
what you are. There's no escaping it, either.

Whatever their beginnings, all nomadic ghosthunters hint
at childhoods haunted by visions of demons and marred by trips
in and out of mental institutions. Behind institution doors, in-
nocuous ink-blots became sinister portals to a world filled with
maniacal shadows and twisted apparitions. Blessed are the medi-
ums who learn to control their visions. They are the only ones
you'll see on the streets past age 16. As for the rest, you'll find
them sleeping on steam grates, in asylums or in cemeteries.

From the smattering of scientific studies performed in this
field, researchers have learned that the period between the 13th
and 16th birthdays is a critical time for mediums who lack men-
tors. Due to rapidly shifting hormone levels and the number of
physiological and emotional changes that whipsaw the average
adolescent, puberty leaves a natural medium extremely suscep-
tible to the encroachment of Underworld denizens. In this case,
natural selection comes into play, as the medium must defend her-
self or succumb to the maddening cries of the Shadowlands' resi-
dents — or to the whims of Spectres who may choose her as their
plaything. The strongest mediums learn, through self-teaching and
meditation, to ward off the unfriendly wraiths and control their
own channeling abilities. The weak...well, there are those who
say that the insane have seen the face of God. In actuality, many
have simply gazed on the hideous visage of one Haunter (or Spec-
tre) too many.

Following their 16th year, mediums who are fortunate
enough to avoid becoming mental patients — or worse — spend
the rest of their youth honing their protective skills, learning to
control the voices and visions dancing in their heads. Individu-
als who are willing to discuss the particulars of their spiritual
growth say that visualizing themselves surrounded by a wall of
white or gold light is usually enough to quiet the Restless and
block out the presence of all but the strongest and most persis-
tent wraiths. Many natural mediums become so adept at shut-
ting out the Dead that they do so permanently, preferring "nor-
mal," sedate lives to those of their unsettled sisters and brothers
(normal and sedate, that is, until someone comes calling who is
powerful enough to break down their defenses).


Mediums who are driven instead to capitalize on their
metaphysical skills strike out on their own, experimenting
with makeshift techniques to call upon the Restless and
single out voices until they hear something useful. These
mediums travel from city to city, turning various urban ar-
eas into year-round carnivals of the supernatural as they re-
ply to the voices inside their heads and follow where they
are beckoned. Wraiths tend to beckon to them in places
where the Shroud is thin and the crowd is just right — the
French Quarter in New Orleans, the artist colonies of New
York, the boardwalks along the Jersey shore — hence the

colleges, where they join the handful of students who dye their
hair magenta and have one body-piercing too many to blend in
with their khaki-trousered schoolmates. Their own clothes may
be bright and gaudy or dark and somber, but boardwalk mediums
al stand out.

Paradoxically, these nomads generally can be found only
when they wish to make themselves known. Whether because
of their need to escape unhappy clients or because of run-ins
with the religious right, wandering mediums quickly learn the
value of virtual invisibility, and they share the ability to adapt to
their surroundings in the most minute ways possible. Experienced

name "boardwalk mediums."

Attitude and Ap-
pearance

So I have traveled through
the land and was a pilgrim all
my life, alone and a stranger
feeling alien. Then Thou hast
made grow in me Thine art un-
der the breath of the terrible
storm in me.

— Paracelsus

Boardwalk mediums often
act like stereotypical Scorpios,
though they may have been
born under any sign of the zo-
diac. Mysterious and brooding,
they shun the company of
nonclients and are often ex-
tremely self-centered in de-
meanor. Since most boardwalk
mediums grow up with no men-
tor to guide them down a meta-
physical path and with no peers
who understand their particu-
lar trials and tribulations, they
are very much aware of being
"different." In fact, after that
pivotal 16th year, the emo-
tional growth of most mediums
appears to cease. They often
look, dress and act like errant
teenagers well into middle age
and beyond —a valuable asset
that regularly causes anyone
who would harass boardwalk
mediums to underestimate
them. They are the kind whose
parents send them to Catholic

New Talent: Normaley

You have learned how to shut out the voices and vi-
sions of the Restless Dead through sheer force of mental
effort. By visualizing a wall or other protective shield for
yourself, you can ward off unwanted ghostly visions. On
the other hand, ghosts may take offense at your refusal to
listen to them and could resort to more drastic methods to
get your attention.

¢ Novice: You can slow the onsla

© Competent: You can drown out the murmurs.

¢¢¢ Practiced: Spectres find you a tough nut to crack.

Expert: I hear you knockin' but you can't come i
° * Master: Heck, I can't even hear you knock.
Wraiths can attempt to break down a medium's resis:
tance to their presence by making a contested roll: a wraith's
Wits + Intimidation against the medium's Wits + Normaley.
If the medium scores more successes, she successfully blocks
out the wraith's presence for a scene. If the wraith produces
more successes, the medium's attempt fails. However, with
the expenditure of a Willpower point, the medium ean du-
plicate the effects of a success. By the same token, a wraith
can use Willpower to knock down a medium's defenses.
Occasionally a medium and wraith into a duel of wills,
with each trying to out-stubborn the othi
A medium can also create a "standing defense" for
one scene by rolling Intelligence + Normaley (difficulty
7) at the beginning of a scene; a wraith must equal the
medium's number of successes on a Wits + Intimid:
tion roll (difficulty is the local Shroud rating) to be seen

by the t

Note: A successful Normalcy roll even allows the

medium to ignore the effects of Embody * (Whispers)

but not any more potent uses of that Arcanos.
Normaley may be learned only by a medium charac-
ter, one who has taken the Merit: Speaker with the Dea
Normal characters who try to learn Normalcy develop
splitting headaches and absolutely no ability whatsoever

to lock out ghosts.

boardwalk mediums can ana-
lyze the dress, walk, and accent
of the locals and imitate them
to perfection, blending in with
acrowd ina matter of seconds.
Perhaps it is this uncanny
knack of melding with her sur-
roundings that causes a board-
walk medium to become ex-
tremely territorial wherever
she sets up shop. While cama-
taderie is the rule on the road,
ifa medium sets down roots it's
a different matter. Anyone
poaching the clients of an "es-
tablished" medium is just ask-
ing for trouble. The medium
may hurl curses — complete
with voodoo doll and pins —
at the hapless competitor who
dares to invade her temporary
camp, or she may begin a cam-
paign to discredit the other
medium and exaggerate her
own skills. The most powerful
(and least scrupulous) medi-
ums may even summon a
trusted Companion wraith to
torment the interloper through
the use of various Arcanoi.
After a few of these supernatu-
ral battles, most mediums soon
learn to avoid others like them-
selves intuitively, all in the in-
terest of self-preservation.
Ifamedium ever opens up
about the genesis of her career,
she invariably says that she was
"chosen" — either by a Su-
preme Being or by the spirit
world—to commune with the

Chapter Two: On the Boardwalk 2B


Restless. The spiritual and philosophical bases for the rest of their
beliefs are as varied as world religions. Interestingly enough, most
have little orno knowledge of the real workings of the Shadowlands,
the Hierarchy or Oblivion, as they prefer to see the Underworld
through rose-colored crystal balls. No matter what their reasons
for hawking their talents — whether financial, altruistic or com-
mercial — these ghosthunters do have at least a vague notion that
their communion with the spirit world helps bring "peace" to the
Restless.

Natural mediums tend to believe that their peaceweaving
gifts elevate them slightly above the rest of the human race
—a presumption that often includes other mediums. Having
no tolerance for naively optimistic New Age prattle about
how "everyone is psychic," they instead choose to revel in
their own uniqueness. As a cynical channeler from L.A. told
one crystal-bedecked client, "Comparing my psychic abilities
to the meager talents inhabiting the rest of this Darwinian
cesspool of a planet is like comparing the finest Chardonnay
toa jug of Boone's Farm." This arrogance doesn't usually carry
over to dealings with the Restless, though. It's just mere mor-
tals and wannabes who earn mediums' contempt.

Such mediums also have a strong tendency to wax poetic
when excited. Some resort to impromptu rhyming of couplets
when they feel they have something of particular significance to
impart to a client. These mediums feel that rhyme adds to the
credibility of what they're saying. Othersinfuse their speech with
archaic or foreign phrases to add weight to their words. Board-
walk mediums also revel in being cryptic and metaphorical, leav-
ing bewildered clients to chew on lyrical, convoluted phrases.
An example might be, "I see a stallion! Proud is the beast that
throws his rider in the shadows," meaning that the client is go-
ing to wrap his new Mustang around a telephone pole tonight.

Regular patrons of boardwalk mediums say that the more
frivolous one's question, the more quixotic the medium's reply.
This behavior is hardly surprising, considering the low tolerance
most mediums have for the rest of the species, but it does encour-
age clients to phrase their questions properly. Satisfied patrons
allege that one must present a significant, interesting problem to
get a successful consultation with a medium. A prosaic question
such as, "Who am I going to marry?" merely catapults the me-
dium and her companion wraiths into boredom and perhaps a
lackadaisical use of Fatalism. Such questions often lead the me-
dium to compose riddles rivaling that of the Sphinx as revenge
for this "insult" to her considerable talents. More interesting ques-
tions, however, produce genuine effort on the medium's part and
often clearer answers as well.

Modus Operandi

Meditation plays a large role in a medium's method of op-
erations. When listening to the voices of the Dead, a medium
almost always uses a prop of some sort to focus her thoughts.
Props may range from the ubiquitous crystal ball to tarot cards to


Speeew dl SS

ate

tea leaves, runes, dominoes, or even toothpicks. When a me-
dium is just beginning to learn control over her ghosthunting
abilities, these props are often the tools of her momentary salva-
tion. Having an object to concentrate on allows her to isolate
the voice of one spirit or to block such voices altogether. Most
mediums choose a favorite prop and work with it to the exclu-
sion of all others. In fact, during a medium's fledgling stage, trav-
eling too far away from one's chosen tool is an open invitation to
a loss of control and subsequent madness.

Most mediums instinctively understand that their gifts are
not necessarily their own. They may invent a prayer or chant to
the spirits before casting their runes or dealing their tarot cards.
Some even feel themselves fall into a light trance when they are
communing with the Dead — a trance that lends awareness of
being Skinridden. These mediums often tell their clients that
they are channels or transmitters for "higher beings" who deign
to guide the living through a problem by poking and prodding
cards and stones into their predestined spots.

A daring medium may willingly open herself up as a consort
to Puppeteers and allow these skilled wraiths to use her voices
and bodies to interact with the living. Of course, this behavior is
arisky one, exposing a medium to the dangers of perpetual tor-
mentor even the destruction of her soul by the summoned Puppe-
teer. However, individuals who'll take the risks necessary to utter
platitudes in eerie, blended voices or to achieve other special
effects have a better chance of winning over skeptics and gain-
ing prestige or fortune, if such are their goals.

Certain mediums are fortunate — or unfortunate — enough
to be able to summon one particular wraith on a regular basis.
These summoned ghosts can become a channeler's trusted Com-
panions and forma symbiotic relationship in which the medium's
calls are always answered, and the wraith's needs — to be near
her Fetters, to "speak" with loved ones left behind, etc. — are
fulfilled to the best of the mortal counterpart's abilities. Medi-
ums who have a Companion often introduce the spirit to clients
by name before beginning a consultation. However, it is almost
impossible for the channeler to tell whether or not her Compan-
ion is what she seems or not. Doppelgangers, in particular, enjoy
standing in for trusted Companions...

qhe Diary of Cecile Prejean

Tactics is knowing what to do when there is something to do.
Strategy is knowing what to do when there is nothing to do.

— Savielly Tartakover, Polish Chess Grand Master

Although boardwalk mediums are not part of a coherent
organization, they do follow certain rules (mediums with a con-
science do, anyway) much like the medieval code of honor among
knights. Where these rules come from, and why so many board-
walk mediums follow them in the absence of a solid network are
something of a mystery, especially since most books on the sub-
ject are written by nonmediums or fledglings with little sense of
self-preservation. However, most mediums trace the genesis of

the fortuneteller code of honor to the unpublished diary of 19th
century debutante Cecile Prejean.

In March of 1828, in the middle of the New Orleans
French Quarter, Cecile Prejean and her twin sister, Colette,
ran over a small gray cat with their carriage. Against the ad-
vice of their driver, the two young women immediately went
looking for the cat's owner to offer their apologies and make
what reparations they could. Unfortunately, the cat belonged
to one Celestine Laveau, second cousin to Marie Laveau, the
celebrated voodoo queen of New Orleans. According to
Cecile, Celestine was as well versed in the voodoo arts as her
cousin, and she "cursed and spat and carried on so, | thought
Colette would surely perish of fright."

Shortly after their encounter with Celestine Laveau,
Cecile and her sister began to hear the voices of the Restless
calling to them across the Shroud. By far the more intrepid of
the two, Cecile searched every cheap tavern and seedy brothel
in New Orleans for Celestine Laveau to beg her to break the
curse. By then, though, the woman had disappeared.

Cecile did find the voodoo queen herself, however. Eager to
undo the damage her cousin had done, Marie Laveau gave Cecile
the choice of dispelling the spirits altogether or learning to har-
ness her gifts. For reasons irretrievably lost with several pages of
her diary, Cecile chose the latter. She recorded Marie Laveau's
teachings in several parts of her journal for Colette's benefit.

Unfortunately, all of Cecile's efforts to save her sister were
in vain. Colette refused to have anything to do with voodoo,
which she considered evil and "an affront to God." She ran
about the Prejean plantation in nothing but a nightgown,
tearing at her hair and terrorizing the servants and slaves with
her ramblings. Colette ultimately disappeared into the
Atchafalaya swamps, hounded by the voices that had driven
her to the point of self-destruction.

In her grief, Cecile Prejean disappeared as well, though
she resurfaced from time to time in various cities and towns
throughout the country. Her powers as a medium became leg-
endary, and the mere hint of her presence could cause riots
and stampedes of the credulous. It is said that whenever she
found another natural medium in the same predicament she
and her sister had confronted, Cecile would tear out a page or
two from her journal and leave them behind so as to share
the teachings of Marie Laveau. Although rare, several pages
of her diary still exist. The lucky medium who finds one of
these treasures gains control and peace beyond her imaginings.

One page that has been widely distributed in duplicate form
is Madame Prejean's Code of Conduct for Mediums and Seers.
Cecile seemed to consider it paramount that all mediums con-
duct themselves in what she felt was a "professional and digni-
fied manner," and so she created and distributed her personal set
of rules. As Cecile Prejean has achieved cult status amongst
modern-day mediums, her Code of Conduct — the only part of
her diary that is still widely extant — is still followed today.

Chapter Two: On the Boardwalk 5


Madame Prejean's bode of bondaet for Madinne and Sears elak

=~ theondar ty share the aiedom tiparted ty me by Maris Lavean, the selcboatéd econ, (lave pat iaritng the edc*
=< queetlons moet often asked by beotaning mediums tor thelr pareonal ed@teatton. te ony, all fortunetellere will

~ conduct themeelveehoncetly and ethically, with the beet ntereate of the quévent tovemont ic thelk mikde, <<
: Liga thes Deng oleh . + ee Bhiemig £
Weve inpart nene of inpending tragedy to youn cltente, parttonlaly predictions of a querent 6 ome death
abrohoke Woidktathueper roheinsh mere otpacne eane

you teal ai.oblgatton, welyons vk atheraiee, tobe trathtal toa particular individenl, hide your meaning in metaphors,"
2 2— Mat de Lda uhesc ted tpintte are not anewering my call? % ae :

_ ithe medium ¢ contident that no-harm to her panéon on repatation uill went, che te obliged to waturn any payment
~<-mads prior to the weadlitg and cantege that commpnisation with the epinit world te curently inpocetble, ;
However, a Cold Reading may be pextinmned tn the mont dire of eicumetancee: For example, tf a pomertul, well-conneotea,
ny arcane haere pe sil = 4 ek ag meen doh eadtng to prevent todlly

"8 Hon do | partarm a bald Bang?

tron ulen your tarot cards do not Yall into any eenctble onion, Mé the cineumetances demand i, tn thaee cates (0x indy
| _-keed to pertorm a Cold Kadina, TO do thie, yor obeerve your client, reading what yon car, dom ke atflve, speech and
<< gestures, and then-you fry to redwicate sattefactony ancwsee to hen quentiont, Yor tay a6k a fen teadlng queations a6

well Dospuith thentnost consldenee ard all willbe mel. 9 talent toe." Godaneading'"t vey uestaluhen you companion °°
se, ghonte take a hiatus thom the expernaturalcirantt, lé-y0n regnlanly chanel eplite, you may habe ches latent ~-
oun tart carde, Maes, £6,

‘ Satya toake preceseion. In addition, uve any Sac Kuduiledne of your choeen plop
= Yo plece thpether uhaterge mepeages YOK can © 2k eas ~ tt
0 € — What chanld do (f anarhén medum (6 beste cltente very dowd to where |have ttt ed?

atop
done: 1 zi z 6, one must not epend one ' (tein conetaant paar and anxiety. Hyon tel
that yon abeolately cannot direct: ths quenent toa dibverent path — one which the conld-toltow. and thie avoid a -
Pemntble opteode — perdrim a bold eadlrg 60.26 ar pity un mioery by roretelling hat cannot be avoided, Should

Everyone has 0 bad day on the job, and we are rot excepted. There ane Yimes when jon may be wah tocallactigle.

Inexpertenced medluone enon teark nat to tntvinge on the Pamettnry 2 an already aerabliched chasnslon, en whtiee

< dsather phastitonen already U.cegcion with. cliente, wove your oun camp a sate dietasee wnty, What conetitutes a "eats"

- "dtetance differs trom bisation to location, On Tack on fabert tr Neu Deane Ly Cand, a. tou feet ee ta
5 emnall nidneetorncelllags, homevee; the thin way wot be by enough tor two epirtt channelene, ~~ e
Why doyanctravel from city ty olty! le wandarlaet neosebany ty 68 aencseeeshl tontunctel
2» Thee tranettory wate of oun profeseion; mone of a practice than ax actual wate rues liiys part'
 agronp, Wasdering tontunateltare rere aronsd lone betore | etanted my practice, linyeeld yl ha
sale uhsneven the whim eteikes, althonglet doclben retin fosacmh locales, Most medinme of my acquaintance rare
~~ memnaih one place ror won than a rew daye, Tao weeks seems to be the longest Hire ns epend tx one location, thong,

doting 46 a6 Res
tnd it coméorting to change ny ~

* there ane rane tocablone when a medtam efaye tone plaze ror almost a months Thane are a tem of mr Kind who eet 4p

btw mck contact do pox have utth other mediume? Do yon oore aki of them lull: *

permanent shape, Out they are tax more Uble than they are numerous,

We do deeplay a Sertain amount of loyalty Yo ont dom, medion about tn depart trom aicity may pace on objeate such
a6 city ty sin Ser eee i, is ae Me

| tables The media who leaves the oft may, te aseumed, 26k a evan in vetn atany tne,

fon wnlgretandatle cenee of eelt-precenvation, we varely Chane informnition abont dir ekillgxand ie take great pains tr
avoid gach other and members of eetabliched ohasthanttng tastione; in parttonlar thoes dnganizattone that ane Hlahy

and obtunsive, We have a higher purpoce and place (n the great chain of peychic beings, Cnt raltond dvee cinply tobe -*

of aseletance to nthere who lack oan oit¥e an pine. tothoee who have paseed on, Learh well ahat (have told yon,
_. thom hang, tell be up to yon to hore yonn ekille an 6

Nediums

; , ly eecune cltente-on (nvortation, about eats lodgings to other medtume: However,
 thaee gifte ane often made under the cover of darkness, with-no more interaction thax a/paked toeeed on a ortuneteller 6

We have ax innate ditrast of any athen type of ohosthantan. (dtd myeeltto be the exception to thie ral) Oat rd.

enevive, lee yonr talents tainly, and use them well. ce ves

Reasons fair and *

To the souls in the Shadowlands, mediums exist among
the Quick to act as portals to the world of the living. Through
them, the Restless can again speak with loved ones across the
Shroud. Mediums can be used to protect Fetters, work toward
the resolution of Passions and otherwise meddle in the affairs
of the living, if the wraith's level of influence is strong.

On the other hand, what drives boardwalk mediums to travel
onward in their endless quest, to make their way down every
road? What causes them to give parts of themselves to the shades
of persons heretofore unknown? Below are just a few reasons why
aseemingly normal individual would cast off her material goods
and follow where her ghostly Companions take her.

Understanding

I've often felt that I was born in the wrong time and to the
wrong parents. Their terms of endearment included "different"
and "eccentric." Oh, you want to hear about the voices. I've al-
ways heard them. I tried to tell my mother about them, but she
slapped me and said never to mention that "craziness" to her again.
Sometimes I think the voices are the only things that make sense in
this world, and everyone else has gone as mad as they say I am.

Many mediums feel more at home with the voices inside
their heads than they do with other humans. The Quick seem to
have little use for such "gifted" people other than to cast them
out of "normal" society and pretend that their gifts do not exist.
Well aware of their eccentricity, these mediums use wraiths to
form connections with other humans, even if only for a short
while. They use their channeling abilities only to aid other people,
hoping that those others may turn to them in gratitude and make
them feel a sense of belonging. They move on only when they
hear too many pejorative whispers about their practices. One
dissatisfied customer is often all that it takes.

Finding Transcendence

The spirits I speak with are caught between worlds. They are too
attached to this Earth to leave it behind for a higher plane of existence,
and so they are trapped until they sever their bonds. The spirits need
someone to help them find peace. Although I am humbled that I am
the instrument through whom they give guidance to those wise enough
to listen, I feel I must help guide them toward the light.

The highest goal of a medium driven by spiritual beliefs is to
help the Dead find some brand of Transcendence. Because they
think of the Dead as luminous, higher beings, such mediums
channel and perform readings to impart the wisdom of "those on
the spiritual plane" to the Quick. However, the medium's main
purpose is to send the wraith on her merry way to Nirvana,
Heaven ora similar place where everything is beautiful all of the
time. In fact, the drive to do so may even verge on fanaticism, as
this sort of medium sees herself as something of a savior. Such so-


4

Op ‘i ee

called "evangelical" mediums believe that assisting wraiths to
achieve Transcendence will eventually secure their own destiny
as well; many keep running tallies of how many ghosts they've
"helped along." The craftiest often try to trick a wraith into re-
vealing the location of her Fetters, only to destroy the objects
shortly thereafter out of a fervent belief that, without these bonds,
the wraith will move on to a "better place."

Altruism

Everyone has his own special gifts in this life. My small talent is
that I can hear the ghosts of our ancestors when they call. I am
grateful that spirits from a higher plane than our Earth use me as
their vessel. It is my fervent hope that their messages help my sisters
and brothers find out what it is that they need to learn in their respec-
tive lifetimes. My wants are really insignificant; where the spirits
beckon, I must follow and bring comfort.

Certain mediums use their abilities to assist the living with
a touching sincerity. They often have a warm, fuzzy view of the
Shadowlands as a "plane of higher learning," and not even the
ravings of the most malevolent Spectres can dissuade them from
their vision. They possess a deep faith their own purpose, which
they feel is to offer solace to those living whom the Dead left
behind. Unable to ignore the voices of the Dead, who implore
them to find and contact their loved ones, to let someone know
that they still exist in some fashion, these mediums go wherever
their spiritual guides take them. Often acting in direct opposi-
tion to those mediums who try to help spirits find the light, the
medium who listens to her heart can be easily goaded into pro-
tecting Fetters and strengthening Passions.

The Curse of Cassandra

When I foretold pestilence, they said I'd brought it. When I
warned them of fire, they claimed that I'd started it. No matter
how accurate my prophecies, no one believed me. They'll know
soon enough that I am not a fake. They'll learn.

Perhaps no one else believed the rantings of their youth.
Perhaps a horrible occurrence resulted in someone's unwilling-
ness to listen. Maybe others ridiculed them when the words of
their spirit Companions didn't turn out as foreseen. Like the seer
who foretold the fall of Troy, only to have no one in the city
believe her words, these mediums are on a quest to ensure that as
many people as possible know that their messages are for real.
They are the most driven and the most dangerous of all the wan-
dering fortunetellers. Even the most gregarious of mediums knows
better than to contradict one of these crusaders for Truth.

Fame and Fortune

I don't know why any of these ghosts would want to talk to or
through me. My God is the dollar, my Sabbath payday, and I don't
give a damn whether or not Great-aunt Sally is throwing herself at
my front door in desperation. Great-aunt Sally had better have


some cold cash on her if she wants to talk to little Johnny, or I'll tell
her little Johnny's gone bye-bye to hell.

As with any profession, there are always individuals whose
main focus is to secure as much profit and glory for them-
selves as possible. They are the types of mediums who work
the boardwalks with an eye on the casinos, who operate in
hopes of building up a big enough reputation to curry favor
with the rich and powerful. Such mediums are the types who
progress to circus-like shows and television appearances, amid
theatrical puffs of smoke, outlandish costumes and canned
shouts of adulation. To them, Rasputin and Merlin were the
most enviable of people — chief advisors to persons of wealth
and distinction and distinguished by an aura of the occult.
After all, these hungry souls reckon, if Linda Evans and Yanni
could all but adopt JZ Knight and her spirit Companion,
Ramtha, why isn't there someone in Hollywood for them?

Control

Last night, I sat in a chair beating my wrists against the arm-
rests over and over again for what seemed like a few minutes, in
the belief that this small ritual would drive these demons out of my
head. It worked, but I was stunned to find that four hours had
actually passed. And there I sat, using my precious time on this
Earth to drum bruises into my flesh. Sometimes, I can single out a
voice. It's always the same voice, and it's always asking for some-
thing. Maybe if I just do what it wants it'll give me some peace and
quiet. I need peace and quiet.

For those poor individuals who never learn to shut out
completely the pleas of souls demanding assistance, there is a
fine line between sanity and madness. Some of them learn
that it is easier to listen closely to one voice than to the clang-
ing cymbals of many tongues, and so they travel on, speaking
to the one Restless who would, for a moment, bless them with
something close to silence in exchange for favors granted.

Tarot and Candle Magic:
Peeking Through the Shroud

hile the crystal ball is the stereotypical tool
of choice for mediums, most practitioners
prefer to use tarot decks and candles to
j] peer across the Shroud. While a crystal
ball certainly is flashy and provides some-
4] thing of a focus for concentration and
emotion, tarot cards provide for more
specificity when a medium tries to contact an individual
wraith. Candle flame offers the same sort of focus that a crys-

qhe Ghostly View

Wraiths who deal with boardwalk mediums
most inevitably Renegades. By its very substance, any
discussion between mortal and wraith breaks the Dic-
tun Mortiaon, and extended associations like those be-
tween medium and Companion gleefully stomp on the
bits. Thus, working with a medium on a re

can be a hazardous operation for a wraith. On the other
hand, the chance to deal with someone who can actually

see W

iths is too much of a temptation for most

Shadowlanders (even normally stolid Legionnaires), and

they mob any medium they se at least for a little
while. Most won't make a habit of it — it's just that the

temptation of getting a message across or ensurit

safety of a Fetter is a strong one.

The two Guilds that work most closely with board-

walk mediums are the Oracles and Puppeteers, for obvi-

ous reasons. The former use their powers of Fatalism
(with sanction from the Ladies of Fate, some say) tc
directives unto mortals, while the latter just get off on
Skinridir

Ex-mediums who wind up as wraiths often do their
best to help out their spiritual descendents. These
wraiths also work hard on the other side preventing
young mediums from getting overwhelmed; most of

them have Passions along these lines.

tal ball does (and a brighter beacon to Deathsight-afflicted
wraiths). Plus, crystal balls are heavy, expensive and hard to
replace — all negatives for mediums who might have to pick
up and run at a moment's notice.

For these reasons and others too numerous to go into,
tarot readings and candlelight are integral to the process of
contacting the Restless. Below is an outline of how to work
Tarot readings into your Wraith chronicle, what actually hap-
pens in terms of ghostly metaphysics when you do so and the
game mechanics of tarot use by mediums.

Shedding Light on the Matter:
Let the Readings Begin

Breathe deeply as I light this fire. 1 want you to close your
eyes and inhale the patchouli oil I put before you to invoke the
wisdom of Saturn. Spread a dropper's worth of this oil in your
palms, then cup your hands around the flame to mix your aura
with the earth, fire, water and air that the sacred candle embodies.
Good. Breathe the essence into your body and soul. Now envision
the departed soul. Where has this soul gone? How can this soul
help the living? What remained unanswered with the passing of

Chapter Two: On the Boardwalk 29


Planet Moon

Main Association _ Spirits

Day/ Candle Color

Monday (Pearl) Women's mysteries
Tuesday (Red) Prehistory, Female power

Thursday (Purple) Expansion of spirit
Friday (Pink, Green) Female power, Self-love
Saturday (Black)

Sunday (Orange) Balance of Shadow and Psyche

Wednesday (Yellow) Ancient mysteries and secrets, Charon

Death's door, the Shroud, Endings

Saturn
Death

Past lives, the Crone

Illness, War, Endings

Learning the secrets of death
Transmutation, Religion, The Hierarchy
Open relations, Needs, Enfants, Fertility
Old age, the Deathlords
Transformation, Lemures

this soul? Think of the departed mortal's eyes, but with golden irises.
Now, repeat after me, seeker:

Saturn shed wisdom on the secrets of death,

Please manifest answers for thee,

Speak to me like before your last breath,

Please offer an epiphany.

Now, with the same questions in mind, I want you to take this
deck of cards and hold it to your heart. Shuffle your question into the
deck until you feel that your vibrations have entered each and every
card. Now, seeker, open your eyes slowly, look immediately at the
dancing flame, then hand the deck back to me. Together we will choose
the appropriate significator card for the departed...

Readings commonly begin in such a manner, with the me-
dium helping the client to focus her thoughts. It is customary in
many cases for the medium to request the aid of Saturn, the planet
most often associated with wisdom and death. Some readers
choose, however, to seek guidance and knowledge from the moon,
as the moon is commonly associated with spirits. Spirits, how-
ever, are a Garou matter; readings done with the invocation of
Saturn tend to work a bit better.

Candle magic is best performed on certain days of the week
that correspond to the type of knowledge the seeker is pursuing.
Below is a chart that explains various associations with planets,
days of the week and the sort of information that can be best
communicated by the Dead on a particular day.

How it Actually Works

Obviously, having a deck of tarot cards and a candle doesn't
give you the keys to the realm of the Dead. What really happens
when a medium attempts to use tarot and candles to extend her
perception across the Shroud is simple. The tarot reading, in-
tended to echo the spirit of the wraith, provides an emotional
focus for both medium and client (in addition to whatever pro-
phetic function it may serve). The card spread helps to clarify
the image of the wraith in the minds of both reader and querent,
and thus "focuses" the client's emotion into something more di-
rected than just free-floating Pathos. At the same time, the candle
flame shines extremely brightly in the Deathsight-tainted eyes

30 Mediums

of the Restless, and it attracts attention even as it aids concen-
tration. (Note: Strong incense also attracts the Restless, who are
thankful for any scent besides the faint whiff of decay that often
tides the breezes of the Underworld.)

In any case, the directed emotional energy created by the
reading crosses the Shroud and, with luck, attracts the attention
of the wraith for whom it is intended. Readings don't always
work, though; not every soul becomes a wraith, the wraith might
be in Stygia or soulforged into a boot scraper, or the wraith might
not want to answer. In that case, there are myriad possible out-
comes: What responds instead may be a wraith with a strong
connection to the target of the reading, or perhaps a Spectre
with hive-mind knowledge of the desired wraith, or perhaps just
a fragment of memory that wafts loose from the Tempest. How
these impostors may react to medium and querent is up to the
Storyteller, though most mediums (Perception + Enigmas, diffi-
culty 7) know fairly swiftly if something is going wrong.

As for the matter of choosing the right day, invoking the
proper celestial entity and so on, most research done on that
topic has come up with a pair of contradictory conclusions. The
first camp believes that choosing the appropriate day for a read-
ing simply provides a psychological crutch for the medium, en-

In addition, each day is associated with a particu-
lar Legion — and those wraiths who make up a Legion's
ranks (or should).

Sunday The Penitent Legion
Monday _ The Silent Legion
Tuesday —_— The Skeletal Legion
Wednesday The Grim Legion
Thursday The Legion of Paupers
Friday The Emerald Legion
Saturday The Iron Legion

The Legions of Fate, not surprisingly, stand outside
this correlation. Depending upon whom you believe, this
Legion is linked to all days or to none.


SON SESS ne

Ay ye

abling her to be more efficient in her efforts. Other researchers
fall back on the "It just works better; we have no idea why" theory.
It's not a surprise that the first batch of researchers is generally
much better funded than the second.

its Allin the Cards: Recommended Tarot Decks

For Storytellers wishing to introduce tarot-reading NPCs or
individuals who wish to play a medium in a Wraith chronicle,
nearly any tarot deck will suffice, though we suggest using the
Mage Tarot Deck; its World of Darkness imagery should be in-
spirational during your journey beyond the Shroud.

When selecting tarot cards, it's of great importance to choose
adeck with which you feel comfortable. Although many experts
recommend that beginners start out with the classic Rider-Waite
deck, you may find that the artwork on the cards is not as appeal-
ing or inspiring as some on other decks. It's helpful to select a
deck that will evoke certain moods to facilitate interpretation.

Aces — Beginnings, births, gifts, potential

Twos — Affirmations, balance, dynamism

Threes — Planning, synchronicity, advancement
and growth

Fours — Manifestation, planning for the future, sta-
bility, control

Fives — Struggle, strife, adjustment, challenges

Sixes — Abundance, exuberance, adjustment, ad-
aptation, beauty, harmony

Sevens — Imagination, introspection, self-analysis,
maturation

Eights — Change, evolution, organization, inten-
sity

Nines — Completion, integration, fulfillment, cul-
mination of the Ace's potential

Tens — Fully developed manifestation of the de-
picted suit

Playing with a ull Deck: The Basis of Tarot

Before you can introduce tarot into your Wraith
chronicles, you've got to understand some tarot basics. You
can use the information in this section for Wraith chronicles
and for readings in general.

Whats in Your Deck?

Standard tarot decks consist of 78 cards. Fifty-two of these
cards are numerical and court cards, similar to the cards found in
any playing-card deck. In playing-card decks, the suits are spades,
clubs, diamonds and hearts; tarot cards are divided into wands,
swords, pentacles/coins and cups. In either type of card deck, the

suits have nearly identical meanings. A predominance of wands
in a reading suggests creative inspiration; a predominance of
swords suggests intellect or mental power; a predominance of
pentacles/coins suggests material or monetary matters; and a pre-
dominance of cups suggests an emotional outpouring or an emo-
tional lesson to be learned from the reading.

Each card in any suit has a numerological correspondence
that helps to identify the meanings of that particular card.
The information below is a general guideline to follow when
conducting a reading.

Court cards, which usually consist of Kings, Queens, Knights
and Pages, also hold great influence over readings. Before a read-
ing, it is customary for the inquirer or reader to
choose a court card as a significator, a card repre-

senting the inquirer at the time of the reading.

ni

King of Cups Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces | Male The significator card is usually chosen based on
Queen of Cups Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces | Female the inquirer's gender, age and astrological neo
Knight of Cups Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces | Young Male h Whe soreulns the Ne aiiy e Mi
Page of Cups Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces | Young Female Sena eur ar aeen eae fo ueeeeu le

Rs 1 significator for the wraith rather than for the
King of Pentacles Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn | Male person making the inquiry. The medium takes
Queen of Pentacles Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn | Female into account the zodiacal correspondence of
Knight of Pentacles Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn | Young Male the wraith's "deathdate" and uses the appro-
Page of Pentacles Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn | Young Female priate card as a significator. Laying this
King of Swords Gemini, Libra, Aquarius | Male significator card ina spread theoretically puts
Queen of Swords Gemini, Libra, Aquarius | Female the influence of the deceased ile a reading.
Knight of Swords Gemini, Libra, Aquarius | Young Male Ifyoudo not pow yout wraith's Seat sign,
Page of Swords Gemini, Libra, Aquarius | Young Female Paper sme a peer at! pe
King of Wands PS Tes, Sacittarivs "SUMS each of the signs, check your daily newspaper's

ing of », Leo, Sag horoscope section. The dates appear next to

; beat pe PP

Queen of Wands Aries, Leo, Sagittarius | Female each of the signs used in Western astrology.
Knight of Wands Aries, Leo, Sagittarius | Young Male
Page of Wands Aries, Leo, Sagittarius | Young Female

Chapter Two: On the Boardwalk 31


qhe Spread

The method of arranging the cards in a graphical pattern is
called the spread and is very important to a tarot reading's out-
come. In Wraith chronicles, most mediums use a spread known
as "the Shroud." The Shroud spread uses only five cards, and
tells the inquirer about the wraith's Passions, Arcanoi, Fetters
and Background in Restless society. It is laid out as follows:

There are two horizontal rows in a Shroud spread. The top
row consists of only one card: the card chosen as the significator
for the wraith. The second row consists of four cards. From left to
right, these four cards are: Background, Arcanoi, Fetters and Pas-
sions. The card layout should look like this:

Significator

Background Arcanoi Fetters Passions

The Significator card is the card that represents the
wraith, and it is placed above the other four cards to exert the
wraith's influence or "vibes" over the reading. Often this card
is a "face" card of one of the four suits, though some mediums
"in the know" reserve the suit of Cups (Primordialism in the
Mage Tarot) for Spectres.

The Background card indicates the wraith's place in the
society of the dead. It also indicates the socioeconomic status
of the wraith, and the wraith's wealth in oboli.

The Arcanoi card indicates the special talents or arts that
the wraith is currently practicing or has mastered. Often this
card depicts a Guild to which the wraith may belong. Nu-
merical cards usually reflect the degree or strength of the par-
ticular Arcanos.

The Fetters card shows to the inquirer or medium infor-
mation about the physical objects that hold the wraith to his
former life.

The Passions card is probably the most important card,
at least where inquirers and mediums are concerned. This card
is key in determining the wraith's probable path or motiva-
tion in the Shadowlands, and indicates what is currently
motivating the wraith in question. This card is similar to the
outcome card in a typical tarot layout.

Example

Julia wishes to consult a medium to communicate with
her mother, who died while giving birth to Julia 17 years ago.
Because, according to the chart, Friday is the best day to re-
ceive information pertaining to fertility, Julia's medium de-
cides to consult Saturn by lighting a pink candle during a

Friday-evening tarot reading. With luck, this combination
will help to attract Julia's mother's attention.

Friday evening rolls around and Julia returns to the
medium's shop. They choose the Queen of Dynamism as the
significator for Julia's mother; the Medea figure's loss of her
children strikes Julia as appropriate. Then Julia cuts the deck
and whispers her question (even as the medium lights the
appropriate candles) and lays down the four cards. The Back-
ground card is the Ace of Primordialism reversed, which strikes
the medium as a bad sign. It would seem that Julia's mother is
just starting down a dark road, perhaps that of Spectrehood.
Next comes the King of Questing, which rests in the Arcanoi
card slot. It indicates mastery of powers and a certain ten-
dency toward dominion over others, perhaps Puppetry. The
third card, the Fetters slot, is the Page of Questing — Julia
herself, as she seeks her mother. Finally, there is the Passions
card: the two of Pattern, reversed. This is a card of opposition
and strife, with patterns overthrown. Looking at the reading
asa whole, the medium gets worried. It seems to indicate that
the wraith of Julia's mother isn't necessarily that friendly any
more and just might come looking for her daughter. She opens
her mouth to warn her client, but another voice issues from
her throat.

It says, "Hello, daughter."

Mechanics

As noted previously, ownership of a deck of tarot cards
and a candle, or even of a crystal ball the size of a water-
melon, does not automatically make one a medium. Most
boardwalk mediums have the Merit: Speaker with the Dead,
which eliminates the real need for paraphernalia such as tarot
cards. These mediums may still use tarot decks and whatnot
either to impress clients or to help them focus, but they can
see and hear ghosts just fine without any props.

The remainder of boardwalk mediums have the Merit:
Small Gift. (Most also possess the Merit: Easy Consort.) When
attempting to contact the Restless, these mediums must roll
Perception + Occult, difficulty 10. For each mitigating factor
(appropriate day for the wraith's Legion, proper color candle,
etc.) the difficulty decreases by 1. The number of successes
determines, within reason, how well contact is established
with the appropriate wraith. Any possibility of contact, of
course, assumes that the wraith wants to be contacted, can
respond to the summons and, in fact, still exists.



ii

SQ he girls started reflexively at the percussive
DH) burst of rain that hammered against the bed-
4 room windows. "Well," Bonnie said, her
1\| voice a touch too energetic, "‘It was a dark
| and stormy night'!" Her friends laughed. Janet
sat on the rug and leaned against the otto-
man. "We sure picked a good night, didn't
we?" she said, hugging her flannel-clad knees to drive off the chill
that passed through her.

"This is perfect sleepover weather," Bonnie agreed. "And just
the right conditions for a seance." Along with the other two girls, Bonnie
joined Janet on the floor. Wrapped in blankets and resting on pillows,
the girls arranged themselves around a Ouija board. Thunder rumbled
distantly; Rae said "Oooooooo!" amid more laughter.

The last girl sat cross-legged, looking intently at the board as her
friends settled down. In a solemn voice, she said, "Are you prepared
to contact the spirits who dwell beyond the land of the living?" Her
gaze pierced the three other girls, but the effect was ruined when she
burst out giggling at the faces Bonnie was making. "Cut it out, Bonnie!
This is serious stuff." She threw a pillow for emphasis.

Bonnie tossed popcorn back. "So come on, Gwen. Show us
how it's done."

"Okay, but you have to be quiet. The spirits won't come if you
make a lot of noise." Gwen touched her fingers to the plastic planchette
resting on the Ouija board, then closed her eyes. Someone slurped
loudly from a soda. "Stop it, Rea," Gwen said without looking.

Ignoring the hushed giggles and shhh!-ing, Gwen said, "Oh
spirits of the Dead, hear me! 1, Gwendolyn Pearsall, command
your presence. Attend me on this dark night, and answer the ques-
tions I put to you." There was a moment where the only sounds
were the steady hiss of rain and Bonnie crunching on popcorn.

"Spirits!" Gwen called out, making the others jump. "Do you
hear me?" The planchette under her fingers moved lazily, wander-
ing over the board until the plastic pointer finally slid over to YES.
("How does she do that with her eyes closed?" Janet wondered and
was instantly hushed by Bonnie and Rea.)

The planchette resumed its aimless patterns while Gwen spoke
again. "Attend me then, spirits. I—" Gwen's eyes opened in shock
as the planchette shot to the NO, seeming to drag her arms with it.

"No' what?" Janet asked. "You didn't ask a question yet,
Gwen." The pointer was already moving in fast, jerking patterns.
Rea wrote the letters on a notepad while Bonnie called them out,
so only Janet noticed the strained look of terror on Gwen's face.

Chapter Three: The Good, the Bad and the incompetent 35

"Gwen?" Janet said in a small voice. "Bonnie, something's wrong
with Gwen."

Just then, the pointer stopped moving; Gwen yanked her hands away.
She curled into a ball, shaking uncontrollably. As the girls rushed to her
they could hear Gwen murmuring, "I couldn't stop" over and over.

Bonnie and Rea held Gwen, and whispered soothing words, while
Janet picked up the notepad. Seventeen letters marched across the page,
menace clearly conveyed through a simple connection of lines:

YOUDONOTCOMMANDUS

There was a moment of stunned silence, then the temperature
dropped ten degrees and all three bedroom windows exploded inward,
showering the screaming girls in glass shards and wood splinters. ...

For every living person who actually pierces the Fog to
reach a wraith, there are two who simply fake it. Call them
frauds, hucksters, poseurs, shysters, Madame Zorbas or your
Aunt Claire, these folks simply don't have what it takes. These
Quick share two things in common: interest in the afterlife,
and the total inability to contact it.

True mediums apply many terms to any mortal who plays
around at the business of touching the Underworld. Most of the
labels used aren't fit for polite company, so "charlatan" is the com-
mon substitute. In the mediums' opinions, these hacks are the ones
who give the profession a bad name. Charlatans cheapen the time-
honored art of the occult with their stumbling, hackneyed "chan-
neling" and their ridiculous, superstition-filled "seances." In gen-

36 Nediums

eral, however, most mediums find charlatans relatively harmless
and easy to ignore (although hardly agreeable company).

Wraiths can find charlatans irritating as well. The Restless
already have too much to worry about, what with all manner of
threats lurking in the Underworld and the hassles posed by true
mediums, to waste their time on Muffy and Buffy, who've gotten
a deck of tarot cards and think that they have uncovered the
secrets of the universe. Wraiths don't take it kindly that some
mortals think ghosts exist strictly for entertainment value.
Whether those Quick truly have the power to contact the other
side or just play at it is a minor consideration. The affront is still
just as grievous in the wraith's mind, whether it comes from the
Pinball Wizards or a gaggle of high school girls with a Ouija board.

Yet, in their constant struggle to survive, the majority of wraiths
tend to disregard charlatans' fumbling antics. The Restless who
take it personally are in the minority — albeit a rather active mi-
nority. These "medium-busters" consider it their duty and privi-
lege to show charlatans (in often horrifying detail) the forces they
tempt. Some Restless ask only for respect from the unwitting trans-
gressors, while others are determined to punish charlatans' igno-
tance severely. Some are subtle and benevolent, others are blunt
and brutal. The wraiths' methods and intents vary wildly, but all
feel the need to put charlatans in their proper place.

While any number of individual wraiths and groups deal
with charlatans, most can be placed in a couple of categories.
These are most often referred to as tutors and thrashers.


utors look on charlatans as well-intentioned
fools. From the viewpoint of these wraiths,
Quick who play at the occult are honestly
ignorant of what they're dealing with. They
dabble, not truly knowing the enormity —
or horrifying ramifications — of what they
do. It is the tutor's responsibility to educate
the charlatan on the potential repercussions of her actions, with
the intent that the "student" will thereafter treat the dead with
more respect.

Methods

With their goal being to educate the ignorant, tutor
wraiths use their powers to reveal the reality of the Under-
world that lies behind the misconceptions of the living. Tu-
tors use their Arcanoi to teach, not harm. Frightening a stu-
dent is acceptable to a point, since sometimes "tough love" is
the only way to get the message through.

However, there's a huge difference between what an average
tutor is willing to do and the measures even the most benign
Bedlameer may take. While it
might be simpler and faster to
assault a charlatan as thrashers
do, tutors see this way as
counter-productive. In the tu-
tors' opinion, violence ends up
spreading more confusion and
ignorance. In the end, no one,
Quick or Dead, learns anything.
Instead, by teaching charlatans
the truth of the world that ex-
ists beyond the Shroud and the
perils involved in toying with
that world, tutors hope to im-
press upon their students the
folly of any further meddling.
Tutors try to have transgressors
leave off playing necromantic
games. Still, there have been
rare occasions when promising
charlatans were recruited to act as liaisons between wraiths and
the land of the living.

Considering the dubious success of tutors' methods, it's sur-
prising that they even bother. And, truth be told, the tutor turn-
over rate is rather high. Tutors are often looked at with amuse-
ment and even outright derision by other wraiths (other Ren-
egades, anyway; Hierarchs tend to be less than pleased with tu-
tors' energetic disregard of the Dictum Mortuum), and clearly

another

tan is visited by a thrashe

charlatan dies (thereby
the Shadowlands).

Success Rate

While some charlatans who are instructed by tutors

turn to more prosaic pursuits, the majc

ed than ever by the afterlife once they get a taste of

" As a result, these Quick delve into the
occult with a renewed ferve
session," hoping in vain t
will stick. It never does, of course, and all that's happening
is that Quick and Dead fall into a co-dependent relation-
ship. This sort of cycle usually ends only when the charl

instead of her regular wraithly
tutor, when the tutor succumbs to Oblivion or when the

eiving first-hand information on

positive results are few and far between for them. Most wraiths
who start off as tutors end up in thrasher groups or simply shake
their heads in frustration and give up on the entire business.

Wraiths who stick with it do so mainly because of their Pas-
sions. Such Restless were most often teachers, counselors or mem-
bers of clergy in life. The Passions of such wraiths often involve
dedication, responsibility, love, perseverance and even guilt, pride
and loneliness. Passions of this sort make a wraith well suited to
spending long periods of time under frustrating circumstances
with little hope of positive results. In this way, even if the wraith
doesn't turn any charlatans from their necromantic pastime, she
can at least get some Pathos out of the attempt.

Arcanoi

Most tutors use rather standard techniques when they begin.
As time goes on, those wraiths who stick with it develop individual
styles. The following are Arcanoi that have application to the liv-
ing, and have found at least some use in the tutors' curriculum.

¢ Embody: This is most useful when a wraith combines
Whispers and Phantom to appear before the charlatan and
warn her about the forces with which she conspires. The com-
bination of ghostly manifestation and spectral speech is
enough to strike fear in many who have little true experience
with the supernatural.

¢ Flux: This Arcanos sees
little use, but can be effective
nonetheless. Most often, Flux
is used to destroy the
charlatan's props. After her
Ouija board rots to ragged
splinters-and her crystal ball
shatters into powder, a charla-
tan typically decides to pursue
a different hobby posthaste.

Inhabit: This Arcanos
is used by tutors less often, as it
tends to backfire on the wraiths
employing it. Generally, the tu-
tor possesses something in the
room whenever the charlatan
plays at summoning spirits. The
intent is to frighten the living
so that they'll leave the after-
life alone. Of course, after this
demonstration of "power," many charlatans instead seek more
knowledge of the spirit world, in hopes of seeing more miracles.

ity are more in-

Their tutors then return for
this time the lesson

¢ Intimation: This would likely be the most commonly
used tutor Arcanos if it weren't nearly impossible to find a
wraith who can teach it. After all, what is more effective in
dissuading someone from pursuing an interest than simply to
remove that desire entirely? On the other hand, any remain-
ing Solicitors tend to have more pressing concerns...

Sng ey


¢ Keening: Keening is possibly the most useful Arcanos
in dissuading charlatans from further forays into the occult.
The wraith can generate feelings of disquiet and fright in the
target whenever the charlatan attempts to meddle in things
metaphysical. After a few instances of this Pavlovian train-
ing, many charlatans refuse even to look at a crystal ball.

¢ Mnemosynis: Applied infrequently due to its limited
availability, this Arcanos can be quite effective. Dragging the
charlatan into a flashback of a disturbing memory every time
she takes out the Ouija board is bound to turn her away from
such arcane dabbling. Alternatively, Mnemosynis is also handy
at erasing any memory of supernatural encounters, thereby
taking away the charlatan's impetus for further study.

© Outrage: Too blatant for most tutors, Outrage is usu-
ally used only to knock over vases, shake tables and other-
wise disrupt the charlatan's seance. Much like Inhabit, this
sort of exhibition often serves to intrigue the living further.

¢ Pandemonium: This used to be the tutors' standby
Arcanos; when all else failed, Pandemonium could always be
relied upon to scare the bejeezus out of the target. It's still
rather useful, but as people become more skeptical and jaded,
Pandemonium's effectiveness lessens. Furthermore, tutors
dabbling in Pandemonium have a nasty tendency to meet with
untimely ends. The rumors say that the old Guildwraiths don't
take kindly to this sort of thing.

© Phantasm: Phantasm is very handy for a tutor, since
the wraith need only implant severe nightmares about the
occult in the charlatan's dreams. After a few weeks of waking
up screaming every time she dreams of a tarot deck, the char-
latan often decides the entertainment she gets from dabbling
with the Dead isn't worth the disturbing dreams it brings.

Puppetry: Using this Arcanos can bea very poor idea. While
many charlatans are left feeling terrified and violated after a wraith
finishes possessing them, there are others who take such an action
personally. These Quick often plunge into the occult with a pas-
sion, looking for some way to get back at their spiritual rapist.

The Ministry

The Heretic cult called the Ministry is composed of wraiths
who claim that they exist in Purgatory, and must atone for their sins
bysteering the living toward redemption. Those mortals in the most
danger of falling under Satan's spell are any who indulge in occult
practices. They must be shown the error of their ways, and it's up to
the Ministry to dissuade them from such infernal customs.

The cult's main focus is on those Quick who make a game
of contacting the afterlife. The Ministry feels it's vital to stop
the living before they walk down that dark road; a display of
the true dangers existing in the afterlife should teach mis-
guided Quick to pursue holier goals. While officially con-
demned by the Hierarchy, the Ministry seems to have a steady
influx of new recruits. Few stay for very long (the group has

38 Nediums

some monastically severe codes of conduct), but the cult has
an average of 30 to 40 members at any given time.

Some wraiths wonder why the Ministry doesn't also go
after the living who have a proven ability to traffic with the
"other side." The Ministry's leader, Finlay Morrison, claims
that once the Quick obtain their infernal powers, they are
lost to all but God's own salvation. The Ministry's job is to
stop misguided men and women from even getting near that
point. Considering Morrison was a preacher in life, this ex-
planation is more than good enough for his wraithly flock;
however, others find such motivation a little suspect.

Finlay Morrison

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Leader

Circle: The Ministry

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Empathy
3, Expression 4

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Leadership 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Oc-
cult 3, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Haunt 4, Legacy 1,
Notoriety 3, Status 4

Fetters: Tree from which he was hung 3, Old Bible 3

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Embody 3, Keening 3, Phantasm 4

Passions: Save others (Pride) 3, Deny the powers of dark-
ness (Faith) 4, Atone for mistakes (Guilt) 3. =


y

Willpower: 8
Permanent Corpus: 10
Pathos: 7

Angst: 5

Shadow: The Rationalist

Thorns: Trick of the Light, Shadowplay, Shadow Familiar

Dark Passions: Point out your mistakes (Shame) 3, Lure
others to failure (Hate) 2, Force others to share your views
(Pride) 2

Image: A middle-aged man of average height and build,
Morrison seems rather unassuming but for his piercing gaze
and rich, mellifluous voice. Routinely garbed in a somber suit
and tie, Morrison exudes a feeling of pious determination.

Background: Morrison, a small-time preacher in Utah near
the end of the 19th century, found brief notoriety when he claimed
the region was infested with evil spirits. It was his duty, he claimed,
to drive the darkness from the territory so that God-fearing men
and women could safely make their lives there. At first, his fiery
speeches and wild claims found ready acceptance among the more
superstitious settlers, but as the land was tamed Morrison's words
became irritating. He met his end, finally, at the hands of some
short-tempered trappers who didn't take too kindly to Morrison's
insistence that they let him "cleanse" them. Since emerging in
the Shadowlands, Morrison has renewed his dedication to this
cause, although he's slightly modified his targets to ones he knows
can't strike back across the Shroud.

Roleplaying Hints: You made a mistake in life that you still
find hard to admit to in death. While you felt the evil in the world,
your pride let you think that it fell upon you to eradicate it. Unfor-
tunately, you didn't leam much from twisting at the end of a rope.
Its only your stubborn nature that's kept Oblivion at bay this long.

Thrashers

nlike tutors, thrashers do not seek to re-
habilitate charlatans. Instead, these
y) wraiths actively seek to punish the Quick
| for their ignorant meddling. Thrashers
don't really care why the living mess with
the Dead. It just pisses them off merely
that mortals do so. In thrashers' eyes, while
those Quick able to pierce the Shroud are a problem, they at
least deserve a little respect for the powers at their disposal.
On the other hand, the sort of half-assed dabbling that char-
latans do is insulting, and thrashers don't take insults kindly.

Methods

As their nickname implies, thrashers have one goal in
mind: trouncing anyone dumb enough to intrude into realms

vis,
a SA SS =

See

of existence where they don't belong. Thrashers care little for
"explaining" such punishment to their victims, or indeed giv-
ing any sort of justification for their actions. They're dead —
to whom do they have to answer?

Thrashers' techniques vary, but most have no problem in-
flicting psychological and/or physical duress upon their targets.
Even in this, though, the assaults themselves have their own
levels of intensity. Some thrashers are not dissimilar from tutors,
causing severe fright but stopping short of actual physical harm.
Others see a few contusions and broken bones as the price the
Quick pay for playing in the big leagues. And there are thrashers
with a rather extreme view, who feel that if a charlatan is so
damn interested in death, why not give her an intimate perspec-
tive?

Still, what mainly element differentiates thrashers from tu-
tors (apart from the severity of actions the two groups take) is
thrashers' desire to punish transgressors. This desire most frequently
comes from a highly developed sense of propriety, but it sometimes
springs from tremendous anger or frustration toward charlatans.
Such feelings can come from a number of sources: exposure to a
carnival palm-reader's insensitive treatment of the Dead, fruitless
attempts to dissuade the ignorant from researching the occult or
even general surliness toward would-be trespassers.

Given this wish to inflict harm on others, one might think
thrashers are little different from Spectres. Indeed, for many
wraiths, indulging in thrashing charlatans leads inevitably to
becoming one of the Shadow-eaten. It's difficult to ignore
the dark commands of the Shadow while repeatedly wreak-
ing havoc in the Skinlands — or during any violent activity,
for that matter. Most wraiths who are thus overcome by inner
darkness continue thrashing (at least until they're consumed
by Oblivion), since it feeds Dark Passioris so conveniently.

Still, there are many Restless whose Passions actually
sustain them in their reprisals against ignorant mortals, and
effectively hold the wraith's darker half at bay. These Pas-
sions can range from "higher" emotions such as justice or pride,
to "baser" emotions, including arrogance, envy and hate. As
the living show time and again, such passions are not solely
the province of evil spirits.

There are a few rough patterns that thrasher wraiths tend
to fit. A sizeable minority of thrashers (who don't label them-
selves such) led highly repressed lives and have carried that
repression into their afterlives. Kept within rigid bounds dur-
ing their lifetimes, they insist on keeping others within simi-
lar bounds, by violent means if necessary.

The other type of thrashers, the ones who actually answer to
the name, tend to be territorial Renegades who died young and
haven't been dead all that long. While not the most powerful
wraiths out there, they are possessive of their "territory" and they
instinctively resent anyone trying to meddle with it. And, while
real mediums and older wraiths might not be susceptible to thrasher
intimidation, charlatans make easy pickings for these bullies.

Chapter Three: The Good, the Bad and the incompetent 39


As mentioned before, while thrashers' methods differ from
those of tutors, both groups tend toward similar uses of
Arcanoi. Still, most thrashers disregard those powers that have
little immediate or detrimental effect on their subjects.

© Inhabit: Generally, the best use of this Arcanos is to play
gags such as: possessing the charlatan's car as she's driving and
guiding it directly into a tree; inhabiting the gun in her nightstand
and firing itrandomly; or even taking control of her electric tooth-
brush while she's using it and doing things too revolting to go
into here. Depending on the circumstances, the results of a
thrasher playing around with Inhabit can range from merely
spooking the charlatan to causing him grievous injury.

¢ Intimation: An extremely effective Arcanos with a myriad
of applications, Intimation is a deadly tool when used by the (ex-
tremely rare) thrasher who gets his hands on it. The thrasher could
make any number of things desirable to a charlatan: the red-hot
burner ona stove, the drain at the bottom of a pool, a piece of trash
in the center lane of the interstate — the options are virtually end-
less, but the end result tends to be depressingly predictable.

© Keening: Keening is very effective at striking terror into a
charlatan's heart (its result can be anything from severe fright to
aheart attack). Many thrashers find panicking their subjects just
as rewarding as smacking them about physically. Often, victims
of a Keening are too busy recovering from a nervous breakdown.
to engage in any more spiritual dabbling.

© Mnemosynis: Thrashers often use this to plunge the char-
latan repeatedly into a horrifying memory. And if the Quick doesn't
have a suitably terrible past experience, the wraith can certainly
give him one using any number of other Arcanoi. In fact, it's not
unheard of for the thrasher to perform one brutal punishment on
the target, then come back from time to time and refresh the
memory. Alternatively, the thrasher can cut huge swaths out of
the charlatan's memory, leaving only the awareness that some-
thing is gone. The degree of damage depends on both the wraith's
Pathos supply and how thoroughly malicious she's feeling, but use
of this Arcanos technically could leave the victim a partial amne-
siac or even wipe out his entire life's memories.

¢ Outrage: While many tutors disdain using this Arcanos,
it's proven to be an old standby for thrashers. The only real
variations in Outrage use by thrashers are in degree, not kind;
they range from petty things like breaking the charlatan's fine
china to more severe applications such as beating the victim
into the middle of next week. After being assaulted by an
intangible assailant, most Quick leave off even the slightest
occult pursuits (which is still no guarantee the thrasher won't
be back for seconds — just to make sure).

¢ Pandemonium: Much like Keening or Outrage, this
Arcanos is tailor-made for terrifying the living. If the thrasher
really lets loose, the pyrotechnics possible with Pandemonium
can be truly spectacular.

40 Nediums

¢ Phantasm: Coming at the charlatan's mind from aslightly
different angle than Mnemosynis, the thrasher can use Phan-
tasm to flood her victim's dreams with all manner of horrifying
images. It can provide weeks of fine entertainment for the wraith.
Or, if he's feeling particularly brutal, the thrasher can simply at-
tempt to rip out the charlatan's soul, to possibly lethal effect.

© Puppetry: Here's a fun thing to do: pop into a charlatan's
body, take control for a few minutes, and proceed to destroy his
life. Thrashers have been known to go around and alienate a
charlatan's loved ones, torpedo his career and even terrorize
strangers. Then, her job'done, the wraith departs, leaving the
hapless mortal to deal with the consequences. Of course, thrash-
ers with little patience and an especially violent streak simply
possess the charlatan and jump him in front of a truck.

500

A thrasher group with a malicious bent, BOO dedicates
itself to humiliating and harming charlatans in new and ex-
citing ways. BOO's members refrain from using lethal force,
but don't hesitate to inflict physical and psychological dam-
age if the mood suits them (which it often does).

BOO gets its name from the names of its founding members:
Barbara Stalman, Orson Dulles and Otto Ferheis. The trio didn't so
much formas fall in together; Barbara and Orson were a pair for some
years when they stumbled across the then-living Otto. He was an
especially malicious youth, and the two wraiths found him a strong
source of Pathos (and Angst, which kept their burgeoning Shadows
happy). When Otto finally died, Barbara and Orson were delighted to
find his Caul-enshrouded form in the Shadowlands. They leapt at the
chance to train their very own apprentice in the ways of thrashing.

The trio has had a surprisingly long run, due in part to Pas-
sions that easily sustain their interests, and a wide range of Arcanoi
that has enabled the trio to avoid Hierarchy pursuit. Recently,
Orson fell victim to his Shadow's whispering and vanished into a
Harrowing, never to return. It didn't take long, however, for Bar-
bara and Otto to find an excellent replacement in Philip Demarco.
Although Otto suggested changing the group's name to "BOP,"
Barbara has thus far vetoed the option. While Barbara and Philip
have reasons for focusing on charlatans, it was Orson who was
most passionate about targeting them specifically. It remains to be
seen if the new lineup will hew as tightly to the old agenda.

Barbara Stalman

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Circle: BOO

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 2


nation sex act/occult ceremony the band performed (for kicks, not
out of any real belief in the supernatural). Reaped by an extreme
group of Renegades, she continued her habits until the circle was
attacked by a Legion patrol. Barbara escaped and struck out on her
own. After her death, she realized how pathetic and fake the oc-
cult games she played with the band were. More angry at her own
weakness for following others than at anything else, she used her
abilities to destroy the band's career. She did so with such panache
(killing one band member by using Outrage to choke him on his
own vomit) that the affair brought her to Orson's attention.

Roleplaying Hints: After years of trying to fit in while simul-
taneously trying to stand out, you have finally come into your own.
You're in charge of your own destiny, and you're determined to
show people who think they're hot stuff what it's like to be treated
like dirt. You feel you were used in life, and you get a kick out of
getting back at anyone who lures the naive and defenseless into
his control. The only people you respect are ones who feel like
they don't fit in but just don't give a damn if they do or not.

Otto Ferheis

Nature: Jester

Skills: Drive 1, Leadership 3, Melee 3, Performance 2 Demeanor: Jester
Knowledges: Investigation 1, Medicine 1, Occult 3 Circle: BOO
Backgrounds: Eidolon 3, Haunt 3, Notoriety 2 Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Fetters: Mother's house 3, pair of handcuffs 2 Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Arcanoi: Argos 3, Inhabit 1, Intimation 2, Keening 4, Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Outrage 3 Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Intimidation 2
Passions: Humiliate the arrogant (Ego) 4, Show off Skills: Melee 4, Stealth 1
(Pride) 3, Avoid failure (Fear) 3 Knowledges: Computer 1, Occult 2
Willpower: 7 Backgrounds: Artifact (Orson's chains) 3, Haunt 3, No-
Permanent Corpus: 8 toriety 1
Pathos: 9
Angst: 4

Shadow: The Abuser

Thorns: Pact of Doom, Trick of the Light, Shadowplay

Dark Passions: Point out shortcomings (Malice) 3, Put
yourself in danger (Self-Hatred) 3, Ridicule anything con-
structive (Envy) 1

Image: Barbara appears as a woman in her late 20s with
short, spiked blond hair and a rather severe expression. She looks
like she might have been attractive once, but a lifetime of ex-
treme pursuits has left her gaunt and pale. Small scars can be
seen all over her Corpus, most notably a matching set around
each wrist. She wears tight leather pants, a T-shirt and a ban-
dana around the neck, all in styles popular during the early 1980s.

Background: Barbara was the youngest of a large, middle-
class family. Because she always felt left out among her own rela-
tives, she took to running with a "rough crowd." Barbara dabbled
in music and the occult, hooking up as a steady groupie with a
fairly successful heavy metal group. Her own life became tied to
others' success, so to assert her individuality she took to disparag-
ing others' accomplishments and performing increasingly outra-
geous stunts. She was accidentally killed during a strange combi-


Fetters: Collection of Roald Dahl books 3, Mortal re-
mains 3, Mom 2, Dad 2

Arcanoi: Inhabit 1, Moliate 3, Pandemonium 4

Passions: Protect circle-mates (Loyalty) 4, Disturb oth-
ers (Ego) 3, Have a good time (Pleasure) 3

Willpower: 6

Permanent Corpus: 10

Pathos: 7

Angst: 5

Shadow: The Monster

Thorns: Death's Sigil 2, Aura of Corruption, Freudian Slip

Dark Passions: Promote distrust in others (Hate) 3, Set your-
self up for failure (Self-Hatred) 2, Hurt your friends (Spite) 2

Image: Otto doesn't much resemble the teenager he was
in life. He has moliated himself extensively, growing large
horns, removing his nose entirely and reshaping his mouth
into a gigantic shark-toothed maw that takes up half his face.
Otto's arms are unnaturally long, with an extra joint between
his elbow and wrist; his toes have likewise been lengthened,
allowing him full use of them to grasp things. He disdains
clothes, as he has reformed his Corpus to appear covered with
a shimmering, scaled hide. Otto tends to drool often, prima-
ily to add to the overall effect of his appearance. It's not un-
common for Otto to modify this appearance in some way, just
for variety's sake. The basics tend to remain the same, though.

Background: Otto was a maladjusted youth. It's unclear
why; he simply liked to shock others. He spent most of his 15
years of life perpetrating elaborate practical jokes that became
increasingly more grotesque. He was finally killed while set-
ting up a bizarre deathtrap to be used on a neighbor's dog; not
long afterwards, he was found by Barbara and Orson, and he
assumed his place in their small Circle of fiends.

Roleplaying Hints: You have an extremely twisted sense
of humor. There's certainly malice in it, but your intent is not
necessarily to harm people, just to see how extreme you can
get. You feel at home with Barbara and Philip; you'd never
before met anyone who not only tolerated your disturbed ac-
tivities, but who actively encouraged them.

Philip Demarco
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Survivor
Circle: BOO
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Awareness 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4
Skills: Drive 2, Melee 4, Repair 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 1, Occult 3, Science 1

Backgrounds: Artifact 4 (chainsaw), Contacts 3, Eidolon
2, Notoriety 3

42

Nediums

Fetters: Mausoleum 3, An old apple tree 2

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Embody 2, Fatalism 2, Mnemosynis 2,
Usury 3

Passions: Seek vengeance on soothsayers (Hate) 4, Deny
Oblivion (Pride) 4, Seek companionship (Fear) 2

Willpower: 8

Permanent Corpus: 9

Pathos: 8

Angst: 6

Shadow: The Pusher

Thorns: Shadow Traits 4, Shadow Life 5, Shadowed Face 3

Dark Passions: Undermine your actions (Guilt) 3, Drive
away anyone close to you (Self-Hatred) 2, Dominate any re-
lationship (Lust) 2

Image: A disturbingly tall, rail-thin Hispanic man, Philip
is a study in contradiction. He looks gawky but moves with
fluid grace. He is always impeccably dressed, yet he carries
around a lumberjack's battered chainsaw. His eyes are blankly
reflective but he has proved to be a keen observer.

Background: Little is known about Philip, except that
he's been around a while. Some claim he's not really Hispanic,
some say he is a former Ferryman, and others whisper that
he's a Doppelganger. Whatever the case, he has attached him-
self to Barbara and Otto's little group, and the three seem to
find it an amicable arrangement.

Roleplaying Hints: You like being a cipher. Frankly, you've
somehow forgotten most of your past and have no desire to re-
member it. What keeps you going is existing in the here and
now. There are only two clear things in your mind: one is an
intense hatred for a Gypsy fortuneteller; the other is a feeling of
kinship with Barbara and Otto. You're not certain why these
things are so, but it's enough for you that they simply are.


bolas Notchoks ed with Ds hi

Envoi: To love books, as I have loved them, and to dwell
among the voices of the dead!

— Lord Macaulay

It is my privilege to welcome you to this collection of lecture transcripts from the 1996 conference of the
Virgilian Foundation for Thanatonic Research. Since the conference theme was "Tapping the Round Table: Toward an
Ecumenical Approach," we were honored to hear from scholars from all seven of the Shroud Associations, represent-
ing all the major strands of thanatonic research, from ghost interviewing to posthumous art. | hope that this new
feeling of fellowship within our discipline will continue in 1997 and beyond, spurred on by advances in the field and
the wonder of desktop publishing.

Day One: Who Are We (Why Are We Here?)

by Dorothy Fox, Ph. D. (VFTR)

Despite a slight increase in the number of thanatologists crossing over or otherwise retiring, 1996 was still a year
of great growth for our field, Of all the Associations, only the Cenotaph reported a membership decline. Otherwise,
all groups report increased applications and new memberships, bringing combined membership to 224. This is the
highest figure since the early 1920s,

Median levels of education within our discipline remain comparatively quite high, with the average researcher
haying at least one doctorate degree. Popular fields of study continue to be psychology (and parapsychology where
appropriate), Philosophy, anthropology, theology and the history of religions, archaeology/classics and history.

However, our younger members appear to be losing faith in the university lifestyle, preferring amateur research
‘over completing their doctoral dissertations. Many drop out entirely. Those who do remain in the academy report
feeling increasingly "frustrated" with departmental regulations, particularly the reluctance of many dissertation com-
mittees to accept ghost-interviews as valid scholarly evidence,

In general, the lifestyle of the thanatonic scholar remains humble, but rich in scholastic tradition. The typical
thanatologist's income is somewhat lower than those of our colleagues in more mainstream disciplines. This disparity
can be explained by the fact that Shroud Studies still struggle for acceptance within the university, and remain limiting
avenues for academic advancement. Many of our finest researchers have meager incomes and are forced to support
themselves as private investigators, researchers or writers of mass-market horror fiction. Few of us can afford to
disdain the practice of charging small fees to the living friends and families of our clients — if nothing else, such
assessments help to cover expenses.

Fortunately, many of us supplement our professional incomes with dividends from an inheritance or trust fund.
These bequests are usually quite small (particularly by today's standards), but in many cases a gift from deceased
relatives is all that allows us to follow our vocation. | recommend that those of you in this enviable position seek out
the ghosts of your generous family members and try to find a way to repay their generosity.

As always, our discipline continues to draw a roughly equal ratio of men to women, Despite stereotypes, the
median age of thanatologists continues to drop steadily — in 1996, the median age of VFTR members dropped to
41.2 years, and the Foundation's controversial decision to lower of the age of vocation from 28 to 25 should continue
this pattern.Although their methods of scholarship are sometimes outrageous, these young researchers enrich our
community with their energy and intense devotion to our discipline.

Chapter Three: The Good, the Bad and the incompetent
NG LE oo ee

43


Motivations

by Philip Satterwaithe, III (Vesalius)

In our fiercely individualistic vocation, it is not only rude but dangerous to make generalizations about our
colleagues. When Dorothy invited me to prepare this topic, | am sure she did not wish for any harm to come to me,
but the prospect is daunting nonetheless! Please, be merciful. If what | say offends you (or seems inapplicable), imagine
1am speaking of your neighbor.

Certain types of intellectuals find the idea of survival beyond death fascinating. Granted, whole branches of
academic research are devoted to the study of the ghosts of the past — literature, art history, musicology, and of
course history, archaeology and the classics — but few scholars are brave enough to admit this openly.After all, what
does it say about us if we spend less time with the living than we do in libraries attending to the words of dead writers
and buried under footnotes?

We few scholars who make an open study of the soul beyond death tend to be an eccentric, solitary lot. Many of
us have been ostracized by the academic establishment; the rest constantly face the threat of losing tenure and, even
worse, library privileges. Others run afoul of Hierarchy agents who do not want the secrets of the grave to be
revealed, Perhaps the cleverest of us keep our mouths shut about our discussions with the dead, avoiding the ridicule
of those who do not understand and the wrath of those who want their secrets kept.

In time, the pressure of working closely and exclusively with the dead takes its toll on many of us.! have seen
investigators grow so isolated that they find it nearly impossible to share their discoveries with even their closest
colleagues. Sooner of later, we come to find more in common with the dead than with the living, and perhaps that is
when we ourselves die, becoming informants instead of investigators.

So, if your colleagues in other fields of study ever asked why you devoted your career to the study of thé dead,
what would you say? The youngbloods of the CSS or the VFTR would say that we're all psychologically damaged,
locked into some shared Gilgamesh complex that makes death both terrifying and somehow fascinating for us. We
cannot accept the idea of death, they would say, and so we cannot keep from interrogating it, asking esoteric ques-
tions of it until death finally gives us a comforting answer.When explored, death is not so frightening, nor so absolute.

On the other hand, Professor Cepre and our colleagues in the Cenotaph would argue against this "demeaning"
psychoanalysis. For them, we happen to be drawn to the dead world simply because it interests us.We are attracted
to aspects of the post-thanatic experience that we cannot find in any of the disciplines devoted to the world of the
living.

Perhaps, disparate as we are, we share a certain sense that change and novelty ("‘Oblivion," as it were) are
horrifying. In our dead clients, we see an opportunity to participate in an unchanging, stable world, a world with its
eyes eternally fixed on the past of immutable history.

We live in a world whose forgotten books, whose unremembered songs, are still loved by us and by our beloved
ghosts, And that is why we talk to ghosts, They are still concerned — heartbreakingly so — with the things that
concern us, the dead issues and dusty footnotes that the world outside our libraries has left behind. Living antiques.

I think that this is the underlying secret of our relationship with our clients.We are the same culture, separated
from one another by the agonizing schism of time and heartbeats, and we and the ghosts share a secret native
language. We are simply friends, colleagues in translation, counterparts.

Day Two: Tapping the Round Table of
Thanatonic Research

Despite (or perhaps because of) our erudition, the shroud community has always been plagued by cliquishness, mis-
trust and infighting. |s it the uniquely intimate nature of our discipline that keeps us from cooperating with (or even learning
from) one another? | would like to hope otherwise.

Organization

by Col, and Mrs, Terence M. Salem (American Association of Extra-Vital Research)

First, | would like to apologize for my husband, who is suffering his old throat complaint. | will be reading his
prepared lecture this morning.

We Shroud researchers tend to be fiercely independent types. As befits our embattled status in an unsympa-
thetic world where we do not quite fit into either dead society or the academic establishment, we prefer to do our

Nediums

work quietly, efficiently and without much hand-holding. The typical Shroud researcher is a solo operative — think of
the only member of a small university department who listens when the dead voices speak to him in the library, or the
old man who still talks to his dead wife and who publishes her posthumous memoirs at his own expense.

These brave souls have to rely on their own resources because it's likely that nobody takes them seriously or,
worse, everyone thinks that they're crazy. The reason we prefer to work incognito as dishwashers or faceless clerks is
very simple: Our information is valuable, and we don't want it to be misunderstood or misused by civilians.

Yes, "civilians," That's another reason why we haye to be careful. There's a war going on down in the grave that
neyer ends. It's up to us to keep it from spreading into the world of the living. Our information about the political
struggles of the dead is vital, and sometimes the ghosts come to get it back.As long as we stay fairly quiet about what
we learn, the Hierarchy won't come after us or our informants.

The Shroud Associations

On the other hand, nobody can work alone all the time. That's what the Associations are for — loose organiza-
tions of Shroud investigators who think like you do (more or less) and who can share information and techniques with
you. The privately printed "Shroud Journals" help us pool intelligence on what the Spectres or the Red Dead are up to
down there in the shadows.

Our discipline currently recognizes a loose affiliation of seven groups devoted to the study of the world beyond
the grave — the so-called "Shroud Associations." The Associations range from informal amateur gatherings to rigor-
ous, scholarly cliques, united only by mutual interests and a shared scientific vocabulary. Although each has its own
informants and political sympathies within grave society, we can generally work together. Many researchers belong to
as many separate Associations as their schedules and wallets permit.

* The Virgilian Foundation for Thanatonic Research (VFTR) — Best known to the general public for its
long-running series of magazine advertisements, the Foundation advertises itself as a nonprofit psychiatric research
group "dedicated to the cataloguing and analysis of any theoretical societies or cultures that may exist beyond the
grave." Although their archives are enviably extensive (especially in the field of spectral geography), the Virgilians'
aggressive recruiting methods and eagerness to meddle in the actual Shadowlands make many independent investiga-
tors nervous.

«The Cenotaph Society — With its roots in pro-Stuart occult cells of !7th century Britain, the Cenotaph is
the oldest (and richest) of the public Associations. Over the decades, the largely upper-class membership has lost all
vestiges of its former political agenda and now concentrates on the preservation of haunted architécture. If one of
your allies on the other side has trouble with urban renewal, the Cenotaph is the best group to call, Other members
are engaged in artistic pursuits such as ghost portraiture or the dangerous pastime of spirit collaboration (an open
invitation to unfriendly possession).

*The American Association for Extra-Vital Researches (AAEVR) —The only one of the Associations to
take an activist stance in the political affairs of the dead realms, the AAEVR struggles tirelessly to keep the conflicts
between various ghostly political factions (such as the "Renegade International" and the "Hierarchy Legions," not to
mention the shadowy forces of "SPECTRE") from spilling over into everyday American life.As these brave squads of
investigators often use their information to bring dangerous rogue ghosts to justice or otherwise influence the
balance of power among the dead, the AAEVR is not always popular among the other Associations.

*The Center for Shroud Studies (CSS) — Best known for publishing the Shroud Journal Proserpina and various posthu-
mous works of philosophy and music, the CSS tends to attract younger, more iconoclastic scholars, Many fellows of the CSS affect
a casual,""bohemian" approach to our discipline that hurts our standing in the eyes of the general public. The continued use of CSS
funds in operating the "underworld railroad" to bring parapsychologists and ghostly refugees across the Iron Curtain has led to
continued accusations that the Center has been infiltrated by the Renegade International,

*The Vesalius Scholars — Formed by Dr. Christopher Austen and Philip Satterwaithe as an unofficial "honor
society" of independent thanatonic researchers, the VS is still one of the best and most trustworthy information
networks our discipline has produced. Membership is by nomination only,and many of the solitary investigators of the
VS are among the greatest scholars in our field. Satterwaithe supports Vesalians with a generous monthly stipend,
allowing them to pursue their investigations with some degree of freedom.

Chapter Three: The Good, the Bad and the incompetent

45


«The New England Society of Hauntings, Manifestations, and Ectoplasmic Investigations (NESHMEl)
— NESHMEI takes an intensely rigorous "scientific" approach toward the questions of our discipline that recently
sparked intense debate over the degree of "ethics" or "humaneness" that thanatologists should practice toward the
dead. The NESHMEI methods for extracting information from ghosts do seem to get results, as the museum of
"Fetter" artifacts at NESHMEI headquarters demonstrates,

* The W Society —A bit of a misnomer, the W "Society" is not an organization but an individual researcher, the
surrealist poet and semiotician Georges Cepre. Despite its small size, the Society (Cepre) has contributed greatly to the
theory and practice of thanatology,and Cepre's comparatively wide-release publications continue to draw enviable interest.
from prospective new investigators in the general public. Now quite old (and rumored to be ill), Cepre is apparently
considering opening the Society to a handful of new members in order to pass on what he has learned.

Since 1968, the Associations have extended an open invitation of cooperation to certain other organizations of
like interests, Unfortunately, these organizations appear to make a policy of ignoring us and disparaging our work.
These non-allied thanatological groups include:

* The Arcanum Society — A group dedicated to the generalized investigation of "supernatural" phenomena.
Although the Arcanum appears to be a social club for bored dilettantes, membership is strangely exclusive, leading rejected
thanatologists to wonder just why the Society requires such high standards. Members of the Associations who are invited
into the Arcanum tend to stop publishing in the Shroud Journals and generally appear to retire from our discipline entirely,
*The Society for Psychical Research —The SPR's efforts to appear respectably "normal" in the eyes of the
public have led it to repudiate the thanatological establishment as "cranks" and worse. For all this, the SPR's scholar-
ship has become increasingly suspect over the years, particularly as the group accepts more of its funding from
Certain government agencies and political action groups. Treat all SPR conclusions as disinformation,

Despite reports of an "Agathic" or "Beacon Street Circle" in Boston, a ‘Seven Sisters Association" in Baltimore and

an "Albingsly Group" in Cambridge, these organizations are apparently hobbyist-level in orientation and (as with other
groups of this type) have little to offer a true scholar,

History: Impressions

by Dame Viola Ballardyne, CBE (Cenotaph)

It is remarkable how we can be so concerned with the preservation of the detritus of history, yet we have
accumulated so little history of our own. Oh, we have our libraries lined with the collected correspondence of our
members (privately printed, of course), our bound volumes of the Graveside Journal or Hekatomb, and our framed
portraits of beloved colleagues who've gone over to the other side — but it's not the same thing as a history,is it?
We fill our notebooks with our histories of ghosts, not the stories of our own lives.

For what it's worth, here's what we do have, Although Georges would argue that the thanatological spirit has
been around since people first began painting on cave walls, the first records of our studies we have are from
antiquity. Our forebears sought the truth behind death in the mystery religions (Orphic and otherwise) or in natural
philosophy and science. When the old imperial funerary cults and burial societies collapsed, proto-Shroud Studies
went dormant and were banned by the Church as "necromancy."

Our field was reborn as a rigorous intellectual pursuit with the publication of Andreas Vesalius' famous book of
autopsies. With our subject ‘laid bare,' as it were, individual scholars borrowed from esoteric Freemasonry, classical
texts, and empirical science — whatever would help them answer the unanswerable question posed by death. This
classical current sustained our young discipline well into the late 18th century.

Texts like the Wollstonecraft book and Corelli's Romance of Two Worlds triggered a Romanticist transformation
of our field and led us into spiritual humanism, a golden age of Shroud studies. In the 19th century, the mantle of
thanatonic vocation passed equally from poet to scientist to philologist to archaeologist,a secret fraternity bound by
lines of transmission vaguer and more ephemeral than any Masonic order or academic college. The Graveside Journal
and Hekatomb began their long press runs,and for a time it must have seemed that every young educated person was
contemplating urns and recording (in pentameter) their conversations with long-dead souls. Wherever the Roman-
tics (especially the so-called "graveside school") or the archaeologists (our sister discipline) were found, there we
were.

The revived Cenotaph Society began as one of these graveside groups of aesthetes and later abandoned its old
partisan baggage in favor of the voices of the dead. In America, Symbolist poets attempting to map the byways of the
afterlife chartered the Virgil Foundation, while in Providence a group of transcendentalists laid the ground for what

Nediums

would become the New England Society. All enjoyed the new discoveries in spirit photography and theoretical me-
dium work.

In the 1880s, the fledgling Associations attempted to distance themselves from the spiritist hysteria, which they
regarded as vulgar and highly embarrassing. Perhaps this was a mistake, as it was to be the last chance for our vocation
to enjoy a "golden age" of sorts before the World Wars destroyed the lives and and the nerve of those young people
who would ordinarily have joined our community.

Those who survived the wars often were psychically damaged, leaving us with a neurasthenic, morbidly introspec-
tive community, and it was a decrepit group of scholars who attended the first comprehensive Shroud Association
conference in 1947.There are those who argue that we have remained a decrepit, neurasthenic group — in that case,
perhaps it is time that our researches died with us, like other sciences that outlived their world.

After the wars, a rich array of new groups appeared. In 1957, the AAEVR was founded, followed by the revival of
NESHMEI in 1958, Monsieur Cepre's W Society in 1964 and the CSS in 1968.The 1960s were a particularly exciting
time for our field, as the CSS not only took over the publication of Proserpina from the VFTR but proved the vitality of
the new generation of shroud scholarship. Courses with thanatological interest were even taught at the Black Moun-
tain School and New York's New School of Social Research.

Current Agendas

by Dr. Thomas Hinton (Center for Shroud Studies)

With all respect to my colleagues, the most exciting time to be a thanatological investigator wasn't in the past, it's
right now. Perhaps if we could only learn to take the theme of this conference seriously and actually start working
together on a more cooperative basis, we could enjoy more triumphs. In addition to the everyday success stories (the
historical enigmas solved, the amnesiac ghosts identified, the data uncovered), the Associations expect the following
projects to bear fruit in 1997;

* The continued incorporation of the revolutionary Shroud work from Eastern Europe and the former Soviet
Union. The dead appear to be fleeing the East in record numbers, and their narrative will certainly be interesting when
it is finally collected.

* This year, the CSS Kardec Press released the preliminary edition of the Complete Posthumous Writings of Sigmund
Freud. Maya Deren's Subtle Fire continues to draw interest from our anonymous subscribers, as do Mervyn Peake's Titus
at Sea,Virginia Woolf's FuriosaA & B,and the Raudive catalog of orchestral scores.Although our patrons' insistence on
remaining anonymous is unsettling, the Kardec project would probably not have succeeded without their assistance.

* Investigation into the pioneering work of the late Dr. Stephen Ward of the Virginia Medical College continues.
Although Ward's final notebooks are lost, his earlier publications on technological methods for enabling us to see into
the Underworld still hold many unexplored avenues for future research.

+ According to the VFTR, the centennial Contemporary Edition of the Atlas of the Shadowlands should be released late
this year, only slightly behind schedule. Once all the "Byway" pathways to the deeper underworld have been mapped,
we should be able to explore the deadlands more easily.

+ | have just learned that the London branch of the Arcanum Society has accepted an invitation to the Cenotaph's |
1997 conference.We can only hope that this is the first step toward the Arcanum joining the Shroud Associations as 4
a participating member.

Day Three: Methodologies

In the pursuit of the questions of our field, we are no longer limited to the superstition and poetic intuition of our
forebears. Technological advances make it much easier to record our encounters with the dead, while more "meta-
physical" or psychiatric techniques continue to reveal new dimensions of usefulness.

Consolations for the Dead )

by Professor Georges Cepre (W Society)
We have spent a great deal of talk discussing ourselves, but the fact remains that ultimately, our discipline is about ¥
our deceased informants. If the dead did not wish to speak with us, all the morbid nostalgia in the world could not

allow us to force them to do so.When your informants answer your questions, it is because they find the conver-
sation useful in some way, or at least comforting. When, on the other hand, the informants are skittish or not
forthcoming, perhaps they have determined you are no longer worth the effort.

Therefore, it behooves us to make sure our informants wish to continue conversing with us. Make yourself
useful or comforting to them. How can you do this?

Uses

|, Be their hands, their agents in the waking world. They are denied any opportunity to influence the world —
if you wish to befriend them, offer to serve as their proxies among the living. Help them accomplish their tasks,
guard their treasures, pass on their secrets. Care for thein children. If it is within your abilities and they ask it of you,
make an effort to do it. If nothing else, it will be that rarest thing in many scholarly lives:an Adventure. In return, they
will mark you as one of their own.

|, Publish the Perished.As academics, we are especially useful in propagating the art and literature of the dead,
Many of our ghostly friends are desperate to share their visions from beyond the grave, and we are ideally suited to
find them a sympathetic (albeit small) audience. If your informant has something he would like to say, something so
terribly important that it consumes him (even if it might seem trivial to you), what does it hurt you to help him say
it? Work with them. Offer editorial commentary (but be gentle!). Inspire them to express their deepest selves.

Comforts

|, Be amusing to them. This may seem difficult for such learned intellectuals, but do not worry. | am convinced
that the dead find the antics of us library rats deeply comic, and so they play with us.A certain class of informant
finds us irresistible, what with our dry fascination with the mundane facts of ghostly existence. They cannot help but
play practical jokes on us, tell us lies. If they do so, indulge them. Try to play the good sport.

II, Be pitiful, Such learned intellectuals, again, may need some time to accept the notion that anyone could feel
sorry for an academic. However, there are those among us who (sadly) lead their lives so ineptly that even the dead
(who have no lives left to lead) cringe. If a ghost feels sorry for you, do not feel insulted. Look upon it as an
opportunity to speak with an informant (and perhaps get some good advice). Perhaps your ghostly advisor will even
help you solve your problems. After all, he indubitably has a lifetime of experience to offer.

Ill Let them identify with you. This tends to be the easiest of all strategies, because, as we know all too well, we
as solitary, bookish scholars) already identify with the dead, They are always at least as hungry as you are to restore
Meaning to a world that has become strange and confusing, so greet your counterparts from the other side of the.
grave as fellow inyestigators, hungry to restore meaning to a world that has become strange and confusing to them.
Collect the scattered teachings of their "Arcanoi," which are useless to you but valuable' to the dead, and trade
them for descriptions of ghostly culture. Tell them the news from loved ones or cities they remember from the
waking world, and they will tell you the news from the grave.

IV, Listen to them. See them. This is a service which we, who are uniquely accustomed to interacting with the
dead, can offer our counterparts, and one which they are often desperately eager to accept, Simply acknowledge
their existence, their continuing importance to the world they left behind. ! see over a dozen ghosts gathered with
us in this room. How many do you see?

Investigative Method

by H.G. Lunt, Jr. (NESHMEI)

The lack of thought put into investigation horrifies me. Many of you appear to think — wrongly — that all you
need to interview the dead is a motion detector and perhaps a high-energy camera, and the actual work will take
care of itself! Worse are those who waste our time with occult gibberish, "psychic research" and other supersti-
tious nonsense.

We are scientific observers, after all, and as such we have access to certain proven and intellectually rigorous
techniques. However, until such time as we insist on using these techniques, we fully deserve the epithets with
which we are labeled: "quack," "lunatic" and worse,


| cannot recommend research enough. Read all you can; spend the greater part of every day reading. Seek out the
dustiest, most neglected books in the libraries and antiquarian shops, especially those books which were once popular
but have since been completely forgotten. In such books, you are more likely to find the names and words your
informants remember, and this will help you understand them. These volumes will tell you which dead soul you are
dealing with and how you can best persuade them to tell you what you want to know.

Keep Careful Notes

This is the Golden Rule of our field: every detail of your experience with the dead can be of absolute importance,
no matter how small, trivial, or meaningless it may appear. Write it down.

Furthermore, since the Grave manifests everywhere, at all times, you might encounter traces or clues at any
moment, even (and especially) where such contact is unexpected, To preserve vital details for future analysis, always
carry a notebook and good pen (at the very least — | also carry spare notebooks and specimen containers for the
collection of ephemera) and write down as much as you can, In case you are separated from your notebook, train your
memory!

Without an accurate, detailed record of an encounter, you have gained nothing. The public and the scientific
community will laugh at your conclusions. More importantly, you have nothing to share with other investigators in the
event that you are silenced by the "hierarchs" or other creatures who do not wish you to know the truth.

Photography and Sound Recording

The dead adore recording technology. Take advantage of this exhibitionism by giving them the opportunity to tell
their stories on tape, to pose for spectral photographs, or to otherwise make their mark on the material world. Many
of the creatures are so eager to leave a permanent record of their existence that they will become absurdly coopera-
tive, pouring out their entire memoirs as well as they can remember them. Even after you have left the room, they
produce as much ephemeral evidence as you can process.

Collect Evidence

You should seek out items that have been in some way visibly altered by contact with the Grave. Most of these
items will be "ephemera," objects which have either been inhabited by the dead or else remotely manipulated by them.
Such objects are our only material evidence for the existence of the world beyond the grave, and so they are a
valuable basis for experimentation. Many such ephemeral objects (particularly those that have actually been inhabited
by a dead soul) may bear traces of the creature's passage, or even (theoretically) its particular character.

The most valuable of these items are those which have some emotional value to the dead, the so-called "Fetters."
NESHMEI recommends that you collect and safeguard as many of these items as possible in order to coerce their
owners to assist you. Once you are aware of a haunting, a brief trip to local libraries gives you some clues on the
haunting creature's "Fetters." Exploit this information.

by Dorothy Fox, Ph. D. (VFTR)

The Associations neither condone nor prohibit any sort of psychic exercises, fringe science, or esoteric religious
practice. We simply encourage thanatologists to learn whatever secondary skills they find appropriate to their re-
search. In addition, there are certain aspects of the human condition that we find particularly useful, especially when an
interview or information-gathering excursion goes awry:

Thanatic Awareness

This is the sole necessity of our field,a result of our being not frightened but instead fascinated by death. Since we
look for traces of the dead in everything, we naturally find it easy to see the dead, hear their voices and interact with
them as peers. Without this heightened awareness and special mindset, | doubt that you would have found your way to
this conference.

The Contract (Do Ut Des)

First used by our classical forebears in thanatology, the Contract operates on quite simple (and possibly universal)

psychological principles. Essentially, the Contract is a connection formed between a mortal investigator (who offers


some portion of her vital energy to the dead) and a dead informant. The bond:so formed dulls the investigator's life."
force, visibly drawing her closer to death where she can better see and interact with the informants, |

Moreover, by accepting this energy, the informant grows closer to the living world and becomes better able to
manifest to the investigator. Then, with the conversational gap temporarily bridged, it is hoped that the informant will
feel gratitude toward the investigator and will be better inclined to. answer questions about the nature of the dead
world, experience beyond the grave and so on. |t is thought that a version of this psychic process (now. lost):allowed
the VFTR founders to explore the Deadlands themselves, temporarily leaving their lives behind.

Note that the modern Contract does not involve the donation of blood or other bodily fluids to the dead soul,
‘as we See in the depiction of superstitious tradition in the Odyssey, Aeneid, and so on. Indeed, this should be considered
dangerous, vulgar, and, most importantly, inefficient — the spirits drawn to a blood Contract (Colonel Salem's "Spec-
tres"!) are so uncooperative that such sacrifices are rarely useful. Instead, suggested donations include more emo-
tional or internalized vital energies, such as emotional outbursts or highly charged memories. ae pt

Protocol

As scholars of the past, thanatologists tend to have access to a great deal of information about historical:figures
and social norms which have long since gone on to the deadlands. This information can be very useful to you in dealing
with those ghosts affiliated with the "Hierarchy." Hierarchy ghosts have a rich and complex society bound ‘together by

~ Nostalgia and antique customs that otherwise now exist only. in the past.Your use of these antique protocols (the so-
called "Hierarchy Lore") flatters these spirits and helps them communicate with you. Moreover, if you are dealing with
a deceased historical personage such as Samuel Beckett or Horatio Alger, this information can help you gauge his or
het personality and connections to the living world, his "Lifeweb" as it were,
fg The Confession i

‘We can think of our technique for interviewing the dead as a variation on psychoanalysis. The passivity of the
investigator encourages the dead soul to pour out its suppressed or buried thoughts and feelings, a sort of purgative
"confession," In the process, the ghost may feel relief from the urgings of its unconscious guilts or fears,

This isin fact quite similar to a common therapy in the deadlands known as the "Purifying Castigation:" While the
thanatonic confessional requires more time (generally a week or more of interviewing) before showing results, it
appears to produce equally profound effects in the ghostly psyche. In the right context, thanatological confessions can
potentially defuse or even nullify shadowy passions and other deep-seated neuroses, allowing the ghost access to a
more comprehensive psychic cure with none of the social obligations or fees involved with the ‘Castigation""

4 Contributors i

Dame Viola Ballardyne, CBE. Dame Viola comes to us from a long and distinguished career in the performing
arts, She is especially noted within thanatological circles for her scotograph recordings of piano duets with Richard
Schumann, including the famous "Florestan," or Shadow Concerto,

Georges Cepre. Professor Cepre enjoys a cult following in the avant-garde literary world as something of a
mischievous eccentric, but this, in fact, allows him to write openly about his thanatological researches. Those few who
understand this material tend to dismiss it as a surrealist joke.

Dorothy Fox. No relation to the notorious 19th century medium of the same name, Dr. Fox has chaired the
VFTR since 1946: We are grateful that she has taken time away from her intensive researches to moderate this
conference after a long absence.

Thomas Hinton. Our young man in a hurry, Dr. Hinton is the editor and publisher of Proserpina: As always,
unsolicited submissions are welcome and should be addressed to his home in Santa Fe, New Mexico:

H.G. Lunt, Jr, Mr. Lunt is the curator of the NESHMEI museum at Deer Isle, Maine. Although often plagued by

. Nuisance hauntings and other phenomena, he is a tireless researcher and collector of evidence of survival after death.

Sharisa and Col. Terence M, Salem. A native of Virginia, Colonel Salem distinguished himself in the Korean
Conflict, where ‘he was gravely wounded. He would like to deny the malicious rumors that he is in fact dead and that
Sharisa is his spirit channel.

Philip Satterwaithe, III. Co-founder and chief financier of the Vesalius Society, Mr: Satterwaithe isa tireless supporter
of ghostly interests, often bankrolling small thanatological groups dedicated to the assistance of the dead among us. He is
also a noted collector of antique toys.

Mediums


Re G 4°22 ni nt <n, AWN OS a
SW D - R Seo any

The Contract

Certain mediums, while not "gifted" (or Gifted),
do have the ability to make occasional contact with
the dead. This interaction is achieved through a
mechanism referred to by some as "The Contract."
To make a Contract, the medium must first be made
the

wraith must take the initiative, providing proof of

aware of the wraith's presence. In other word

her existence so that the medium can respond

Once contact has been established, the medium
can make an offer of his emotional energy to the
wraith, in exchange for considerations (such as be-
ing able to see the wraith without assistance, etc.)
from the other side. Assuming the terms get ham-
mered out to the satisfaction of both parties — and
a Contract will not take without agreement on both
sides — the mortal donates his psychic energy and
the Contract is made.

System: The mortal rolls Perception + Empa-
thy (difficulty 9); success indicates that the Con-
tract has been made. Making a Contract costs a
mortal a point of Permanent Willpower, but also
turns the medium into a walking point of Memo-

i

raith normally, even

riam for the wraith. Furthermore, the Contract
medium can see and hear the y

when he doesn't wish to.

Negative Impact

Shroud for Fun and Profit

espite Charon's Dictum Mortuum, the
plans of the Restless often involve the liv-
ing. Since all wraiths have unresolved ties
to the living world, the Quick have a pow-
erful ability to affect — either knowingly
or unknowingly — the fortunes and des-
tinies of residents of the Shadowlands.
Thus, wraiths who find willing accomplices among the liv-
ing are blessed with an improved ability to influence their
fellow wraiths.

Mediums, with their talent for speaking with the Dead, are
in a unique position to engage in the human power struggle on
both sides of the Shroud. While many speak with the Dead as a
scholarly pursuit or to satisfy their curiosity, mediums are human
after all, and they have among their number individuals who

Crossing the

have no problem with using their talents for personal gain. Ex-
tortion through Fetters, threatening a wraith's still-living loved
The Misguided

As described above, a misguided medium typically seeks to
help the Restless, but labors under a critical misunderstanding that
causes him to harm wraiths instead. A medium must, of course,
rely on his own human experience to fill the gaps in his limited
Underworld knowledge. What seems logical to a living medium,
however, is rarely accurate as regards life beyond the Shroud, and
few mediums manage to deduce correctly the information they are
lacking. Some are even deliberately misled by forces that would
see their well-meaning acts bring harm to wraiths.

These mediums act out of a belief that they are helping
the Restless, and the apparent results of their work support
this belief. Should a group's actions cause wraiths to material-
ize and frantically beg them to stop, it's unlikely that the me-
diums would continue. Misguided mediums would typically
be horrified to discover the true impact of their actions. If a
Circle proved to a medium of this sort that her actions were
harmful, she would likely stop and try to redress any damage
she had caused. Of course, if the medium's actions have
brought about a wraith's permanent dissolution, there isn't
much redressing that can be done.

Proving a misguided medium's actions harmful might be
a tall order, however, since it may be that no wraith has ever
complained about the medium's "service." A wraith who raises
objections might be seen as a wayward child, one who refuses
to take his medicine even though he knows it is good for him.
The medium's convictions might be so strong that even the
most persuasive wraith could not sway her from her course.

Tranquility, inc

I sit across the coffee table from them, watching the man put
his arm around his sobbing wife. I can see moisture in his eyes,
tears that come though he tries to prevent them. He takes a deep,
ragged breath and blinks; a single tear rolls toward his chin. This is
the hardest part. They want to lay the Dead to rest, but they're
never ready for the price.

I look at my colleague; she gives me a little pout, then braces
herself and speaks.

"Mr. and Mrs. Mosely, I know this is hard. It isn't easy to
destroy things that remind us of loved ones who' ve died, but that's
exactly what you must do or your son will remain trapped as a
ghost. Sometimes people leave behind things they can't be without
or that mean a great deal to them, and their spirits can't pass on to
what awaits. Only by destroying these things can we help them
find peace. Your son's spirit is tied to the picture frame he made for
you as a child and to the championship trophy he won shortly be-
fore the accident. Once they are gone, he will find his final rest."

I can see Mosely gathering his resolve while his wife sobs. He
stands slowly, gives us a good, long look, then walks over to the
mantle, which sports a collection of memorabilia, a shrine to their

Chapter Three: The Good, the Bad and the incompetent 51
Say esas ee aay a


lost boy. He takes down the trophy that is the centerpiece, caress-
ing it as though it were his dead son's face. He stands still for a
moment, then strides purposefully from the room. A moment later,
T hear the crash of a hammer striking.

Based in Birmingham, Alabama, Tranquility is a small com-
pany that works to ease the passage of souls trapped between this
life and the next. They know that wraiths have ties to physical
objects and believe that these objects are the things that keep a
wraith from the afterlife. These mediums are aware of Fetters, but
do not know Fetters' true purpose. In their quest to help unquiet
spirits, these mediums communicate with wraiths to learn the iden-
tities of these Fetters, then hunt down and destroy the objects.
Once this act is done, the wraiths no longer haunt the land of the
living. The loved ones who hire Tranquility find comfort in the
knowledge that their dear departed are finally at rest. Of course, a
wraith bereft of his anchors to the Skinlands cannot remain in the
Shadowlands, and becomes trapped in Stygia or discorporates into
Oblivion. A wraith who cannot enter the Shadowlands cannot
haunt the Skinlands, making it look as though the people of Tran-
quility have helped the wraith find the afterlife.

Tranquility, Inc. got started in 1992 when Thaddeus Will-
iams saw the spirit of his wife Mabel standing in the living room,
caressing a window ornament that she handcrafted while alive.
Thaddeus overcame his fright and stepped toward her, but she
turned at his approach and disappeared. Before she vanished,
Thaddeus saw tears running down her cheeks. Thaddeus spent
the following year trying to understand what he'd seen. After
spending most of his savings on charlatans and fakes, he met
Eleanor Gambaccini, a young, intense, dark-haired woman with
real talent. Thaddeus' desire to learn moved her, and she taught
him what she knew of the Underworld during his repeated visits
to her bookstore in Birmingham.

After this training, Thaddeus and Eleanor held a seance
at his home in Panola, Alabama and eventually contacted a
spirit that claimed to be Mabel. When Thaddeus asked about
the ornament, the spirit explained that it was something she
loved in life and to which she retained an attachment in death.
Thaddeus and Eleanor decided that destroying the ornament
would sever the tie that prevented Mabel's spirit from resting.
Unhappy about demolishing his deceased wife's favorite piece
of handicraft, Thaddeus nevertheless dashed it to the floor,
smashing it into thousands of tiny pieces. Further attempts to
contact Mabel's spirit failed, and he never saw her ghost again.

Thaddeus felt profound relief at knowing that Mabel's
spirit had finally found rest, and he decided to bring that re-
lief to others. Though he doubted anyone would take him
seriously — a middle-aged African-American man who
claimed to speak to ghosts — Thaddeus decided to pursue his
newfound abilities and invited Eleanor to join him. In 1993,
Thaddeus sold his house and the pair formed Tranquility, Inc.,
working out of a small office cobbled together above the book-
store.

52 Nediums

The first year was lean, and the fledgling enterprise was nearly
bankrupt when Thaddeus and Eleanor heard of Margaret
Worthingcroft, a wealthy widow living outside Hattiesburg, Mis-
sissippi. A dabbler in the occult, the widow Worthingcroft had
seen her deceased husband frequenting the halls of their stately
home. Though laying Mr. Worthingcroft''s spirit to rest required
the destruction of several valuable antiques, the widow was so
grateful that she endowed Tranquility, Inc. with a trust fund that
nets them $50,000 annually. Mrs. Worthingcroft also tells her
friends and associates about Tranquility, a source of one or two
big-ticket clients per year for the company.

The company now takes up the entire floor of offices above
the bookstore. It has hired a secretary to perform office functions
anda part-time private investigator to help with research. Thaddeus
and Eleanor travel together to meet clients and explain their work,
typically handling 10 to 12 cases per year. They charge $3,500 plus
expenses, though their rates are higher for more "thorough" work.
While they recognize the value of what they do, they also recog-
nize their need to eat. If they cannot free a wraith, as has happened
in cases where a wraith's Fetters included living people or public
buildings, they charge only for their expenses. They have traveled
throughout the country, and would be willing to travel overseas if
contacted by a potential foreign client.

Tranquility is small enough to escape real notice, but thanks
to Mrs. Worthingcroft's continued mention of them at exclusive
social functions, they have come to the attention of Salem
Forrestal, a frivolous jet setter who is secretly a member of the
Orphic Circle. Salem is new to the Circle, but his incredible
personal wealth gives his voice surprising weight. Though he has
not yet decided how to use his knowledge, Tranquility could find
itself in very deep, very hot water if they "assist" a wraith who is
important to the Circle. On the other hand, Forrestal might de-
cide to use Tranquility as a sort of hit squad to deal with ghostly
political opponents. He's indecisive that way....

Thaddeus and Eleanor are susceptible to manipulation from
beyond the Shroud. Any wraith with knowledge of another's
Fetters could appear to the pair and claim the Fetters as his own,
and the destruction of those Fetters would likely rid the wraith of
his enemy. Tranquility has not yet come to the attention of the
Hierarchy, but when they do it's anybody's guess whether the
Hierarchy will try to shut them down or use them to get rid of
troublesome Renegades and Heretics. \

The Driven

The pursuit of knowledge, the advancement of science,
the preservation of art, the protection of liberty, the defense
of lives. If one asks a Driven medium why she does what she
does, she might answer with any of the above. Whether she
believes that wraiths really are the spirits of the deceased or
just resonating energy left behind by someone's death, a me-
dium of this stripe knows something of the existence of wraiths
and has a specific purpose in mind for them.

These mediums put wraiths to a wide variety of uses. Some
perform experiments to determine the nature of postmortem
existence. Others channel the spirits of the Dead to fill gaps in
known history or to answer questions of ancient literature. Some
want to use the special advantages that wraiths possess to spy
on rival companies or nations. Still others hope to distill the
"essence" of a wraith and combine it with physical objects to
produce unusual effects. (Note: Aline Eburn and her co-
conspirators certainly fall into this category.) Furthermore, sci-
entific groups that rely on machinery to detect and manipulate
wraiths may not be mediums in the classic sense, but the pur-
poses to which they put the wraiths they detect and capture
puts them firmly in this camp.

qhe Phantom Division

Tlook around the darkened room at the uniformed. Some wear
indecipherable expressions, though several are clearly interested in
the chart projected onto the screen behind me. I allow a moment
for my comments to sink in before I wrap up my presentation.

"In closing, let me say that while no concrete advances have
come from our research, we have already gone far beyond the tech-
nology that was brought to us several years ago. I predict a signifi-
cant breakthrough in the near future. Particularly promising is this
alternate energy form, which suggests methods for operating equip-

ment and electronics that would otherwise be rendered useless by
an electromagnetic pulse. If nothing else comes of this project, the
ability to keep our military at least partly operational while nullify-
ing every other force on the planet would certainly justify the con-
tinued investment of time and money."

As the lights come up I see thoughtful nods and meaningful
glances. I'll get at least another two years worth of funding.

Headed by Colonel Leonard Stapleman, the Phantom
Division is a secret U.S. military applied research program. It
has built upon the experiments performed by the Paranormal
Research Wing of the Alternate Energy Group, primarily by
improving that organization's major achievement, the Ecto-
plasmic Converter Engine. ECEs detect wraiths, capture them
and convert them into a form of energy that has yet to be
identified. The Phantom Division has isolated each of these
processes and created three separate devices, allowing for
improved efficiency, accuracy and consistency of operation.

In addition to researching uses for the energy into which
an ECE converts wraiths, the Phantom Division is looking
for ways to use a wraith's physical form. At present, they con-
duct experiments into superconductivity and something called
"ectoplasmic steel." Experiments into the former make literal
the metaphorical connection between the cold of the grave
and the cold temperatures associated with superconductivity.

Chapter Three: The Good, the Bad and the incompetent 53


The latter experiments seek a way to extract a wraith's es-
sence and use it either to temper steel or as an ingredient ina
new alloy. Since ghosts are largely invisible and are able to
pass through physical objects, metal created in this way might
exhibit similar characteristics. The thought of invisible mis-
siles and weapons that can pass through friendly buildings
and vehicles has Col. Stapleman's superiors demanding fre-
quent progress reports. Unfortunately, so too are the people
—and beings — that Stapleman's superiors report to.

qhe House that Wriths Bult

I stand in the garden by the north wall, where the windows
look out over the wooded slopes, but my attention is not on the
trees today. I look upon the roses that grow here, roses my mother
planted before she died. Josef has carefully tended them for years,
but despite his care, the roses fare poorly today. The petals drop off
quickly; the buds are small and few in number.

When the ivy began to dry up and fall from the wall, I told myself
that it was the vagaries of the climate, but I can no longer deny the
truth. I sit and relax, turning my sight inward as my father taught me,
until I can see the Otherworld. There, the misguided spirits of the
unknowingly dead wander in search of truth. There I see the wall that
has no physical presence, but which surrounds my home. The wall is
dark and brooding, and it sounds to me as though it moans softly as I

stare at it. The wall seems to give off a faint sense of despair, and I
think it is slowly killing my mother's garden.

Though it pains me deeply, such is the price of safety from
my enemy.

Nestled in wooded hills outside the town of Judenburg in
south-central Austria stands a dark stone house of sharp angles
and severe lines. It is a home of notable quality, though it does
not match the splendor of the stately castles scattered across
Austria's countryside. An observer in the Shadowlands, how-
ever, would note a peculiar characteristic: the outer walls of
the house are systematically being covered with an unbroken
layer of soulforged bricks.

The house belongs to Nikolas Schoenfeld, a Benandante
of the Redentori school of thought. He lives alone with a few
servants; he has no wife and no children. Nikolas, the only
son of a wealthy businessman who was also a Benandante,
inherited his parents' estate when they died on December 26,
1969. They were visiting friends in England for the Christ-
mas holiday when a fire swept through their rooms at the Rose
and Crown hotel. Young Nikolas had remained home in Aus-
tria, and he was devastated by the loss. He spent much time
searching for his parents in the Underworld, with no success.

A strong proponent of the belief that wraiths are con-
fused spirits who do not know they have died, Nikolas came
to be at odds with Giancarlo Sorrentino, a hotheaded Italian

Benandante of the Dannati tradition. These two took the de-
bate over the nature of wraiths far beyond the bounds of po-
lite discussion and into realms of personal insult and physical
assault, Several gatherings they attended ended in streams of
caustic vituperation, as an irrational hatred grew between the
two men. Most observers agreed that Giancarlo instigated the
worst of the confrontations, for Nikolas usually joined an ar-
gument only if provoked.

The two constantly worked against each other, sabotaging
each other's credibility and attempting to devalue and debunk
each other's work. This rivalry went on for a decade, until
Giancarlo's recent death. Nikolas fears that his enemy may in-
dulge his hatred from beyond the Shroud, since no earthly law
can prevent him from doing so now. To protect himself, Nikolas
struck an unusual bargain with a group of Artificers.

The wraiths are building a shell of soulforged bricks around
the reflection of Nikolas' home in the Shadowlands, in exchange
for certain acts in the Skinlands that will benefit their Circle.
These acts include finding and protecting Fetters, creating and
refurbishing memorials and bearing messages to living folk. When
completed, the wall will be seamless but for a single gate and will
bar passage to any wraith. Then, only significant effort will en-
able a wraith to reach Nikolas while he is inside his home.

Nikolas' Redentori beliefs make this arrangement unpleas-
ant for him. Building this shell in the Underworld, he be-
lieves, fosters the wraiths' illusions that they have not died.
By providing them work, Nikolas feeds the delusions he thinks
wraiths have about their existence. His fear for his life is stron-
ger than his unease at this course of action, however. Mean-
while, his home slowly grows colder and more unsettling as
the collected misery of so many souls hammered into helpless
forms slowly seeps across the Shroud.

The Sell Serving

These mediums see wraiths as just another way to make a
buck. They're the people who happily swindle their neighbors
out of every last dime, and under different circumstances they
might well have turned their skills to more socially acceptable
pursuits — like advertising or soliciting venture capital. Given
their talents for communicating with the Dead, however, these
mediums have turned their attentions toward shearing a differ-
ent flock of sheep. They are the con men of the occult world.

Selfish gain in this world, however, requires taking advan-
tage of the living as well as the Restless. The plans of the Self-
serving medium attack those aspects of a wraith's existence that
are tied to the Skinlands. These people may con a wraith's loved
ones with information gained from the wraith, or use the wraith
toscare money out of his still-living kin. They might seek wraiths
with knowledge of secret weaknesses in important government
computer systems or federal banks, or they might use informa-
tion wrested from wraiths to blackmail the Quick. Individuals
with larger dreams — and advanced magical knowledge — might

ae — Ame
USL. NAB p AS See

bind wraiths into their service to influence the decisions and
actions of government figures and world leaders, slowly shaping
the path of human history.

While these mediums might not bring lasting physical harm
to wraiths, many Restless can attest to the unpleasant feeling of
being victimized by a less-than-honest medium. Even worse is
the inevitable scathing commentary from a wraith's Shadow.
When a wraith inadvertently brings harm upon his still-living
loved ones, what Shadow could resist the opportunity to point
out his weakness or his stupidity? What Shadow would fail to
describe over and over again, in painful detail, every tear shed
and every dollar lost as a result of the wraith's involvement with
a predatory medium? How long could a wraith resist the assault
of a Shadow armed with such potent and personal weaponry?

One might expect word of a given medium's activities to
get around and make it harder for him to prey upon the dead,
but the Underworld is a large place, and wraiths are an
untrusting, noncommunicative lot. The Hierarchy bans con-
tact with the living, and those citizens who get burned while
indulging in such activities are unlikely to find sympathy from
the local Legions. Odds are, mediums of this bent will likely
find victims until Judgment Day.

Selish justice

"You got balls, lady. You know that?"

I give a quick snort of dismissal. "Just put the money in the
safe deposit box by 3:00. If you don't, everything goes to the press.
And don't think you can come after me and kill me, too. If I'm
missing for more than a few days—"

"I know, everything goes to the press. If your husband had
half the guts you do, he'd still be kicking around."

Thang up the phone with a shaking hand and hug myself to get
my nerves under control. This is crazy, but exhilarating at the
same time.

"Don't worry," comes the ghostly whisper, and I smile. David's
dead, but he's not gone.

Mediums and psychics working with police departments
to solve perplexing murder cases is nothing new. The police
find themselves facing a case that has minimal evidence and
no leads, when out of nowhere, a medium provides the police
with a critical clue that reveals the murderer. It's a staple of
supermarket tabloids, and the story can provide a nice bit of
uplift for a populace trapped in a world in which the bad guys
get away with it far too often. Victoria Wessler, of Indianapo-
lis, Indiana, has turned this familiar story on its ear.

Several weeks after her husband David's accidental death,
Victoria had vivid dreams about him, dreams in which he
told her he'd been murdered and then led her to the proof.
She had these dreams for several days, dismissing them at first
as odd manifestations of her grief. The dreams haunted even
her waking hours, however, and as she drove home from work

Chapter Three: The Good, the Bad and the incompetent 55
3 — a NY
4 eee hind, .


(| i

Mediums

one evening, she found herself following the route David
showed her in her dreams. At the end of her drive, she found
the proof of the claims her husband had made in her dream.
Confused and uncertain, she decided to take her proof to the
police when she clearly heard David whisper the word "Wait."
Mystified, she got back in her car and drove home.

That night, in her dreams, David described how Victoria
should go about blackmailing the man who had murdered him,
and protecting herself from retaliation. The evening's discovery
had convinced her that David was really communicating with her,
so she agreed to try. Two weeks later she was a quarter of a million
dollars richer and had developed an unhealthy taste for blackmail.

Since then, she has been on the lookout for similar op-
portunities. David looks for new wraiths who were murdered,
then gets information from them so that Victoria can find
the proof she needs to blackmail the murderer. Of course, the
murdered Enfants' families get a cut of Victoria's take; it's only
fair. However, Victoria takes the lion's share, and David gets
a huge shot of Pathos from "taking care" of his wife in this
way. In truth, David sees this routine as the only way he can
provide for Victoria now that he is dead, and he honestly be-
lieves that she is smart enough and tough enough to handle
it. Of course, if worst comes to worst and she screws up, they'll
be reunited on the other side of the Shroud.

This odd partnership is doomed to fail. Two detectives have
noticed Victoria's presence at crime scenes around the city, and
while they currently think of her as a "murder groupie," that
view would change quickly if they knew her real intent. Black-
mail would be just the first of her crimes, which would include
obstruction of justice, concealment of evidence and accessory
after the fact. However, she hasn't been caught yet. Yet.

qhe Serpentines

Sitting on the edge of her chair, Carmen gnaws at the corner
of one thumbnail while she stares at the TV. The set is tuned to a
C-Span broadcast of a Senate vote, and we're all engrossed, await-
ing the results. I smile as I lean back in my chair and watch
Carmen's anticipation. She worries too much.

The senators listen to the resolution they'll be voting on, a
piece of environmental legislation mandating stricter pollution con-
trols in factories and refineries, the kind of well-meaning law that
would cost production magnates several hundred million dollars in
renovations and equipment. No one in the media knows how the
vote will go, as a small group of undecided senators stands poised
between equally populated but opposed camps.

The vote tally in the lower right corner of the screen slowly
increases toward the final decision. In the end, the resolution is
voted down, 53 to 47. A collective sigh washes across the room.
The phone rings in another room, and Carmen answers it.

"Alexandra, it's Kyle Thompson."


More to the point, it's Kyle Thompson, CEO of Sussex Pe-
troleum, which has just dodged the bullet on spending most of next
year's profits refitting its plants. I stand and take the phone.

"Hello Kyle, how are you?"

"Damn, Alexandra, I haven't felt better since my divorce went
final. I'm not sure how you pulled it off, and frankly, I don't think
I want to know. I owe you one hell of a lot."

"You're welcome, Kyle, but you can express your thanks in
the manner we discussed."

"Three-point-seven million dollars, in the account of the Phoenix
Gallery of Contemporary Art at the First National Bank of Arizona.
T admire your confidence, not going Swiss or Cayman with this. Oh,
and I trust you'll send me something to justify the funds?"

"Of course. With any luck, the pieces we've got picked out
for you might even start a trend."

The Serpentines are a close-knit group of four women
with genuine and remarkably advanced occult powers. Pow-
erful psychics and mediums, they have devoted themselves to
the acquisition of the things they consider truly important in
life: influence, money and power.

These women got their first taste of political influence while
training with the Seven Sisters. While they were working as as-
sistants to full Sisters, they expanded and strengthened their natu-
ral occult talents. Eventually, they graduated to full sisterhood
and learned about the workings of government and the subtle
arts of persuasion and manipulation. The Seven Sisters take a
patient and conservative approach to their goals, which makes
them slow to gather personal wealth and influence. This path
didn't sit well with a Sister named Alexandra Delacroix, who
grew up poor and wanting wealth and power for herself. She was
frustrated with the Sisters' slow path to influence and sought a
quicker road. Unfortunately for many people, she found it.

Although the Seven Sisters avoid the arts of binding
wraiths, their knowledge of Warding and Forbiddance includes
the rudiments of binding rituals. Alexandra's research quickly
exhausted the Sisters' knowledge, leading her to look else-
where for additional training. When her studies interfered
with her work, her superiors ordered her to cease them. This
reprimand only prompted Alexandra to hide her extracurricu-
lar activities behind thicker curtains of secrecy.

Alexandra's work had allowed her to develop a network of
personal contacts in numerous industries, including tobacco, oil,
steel, lumber and computers. With the groundwork for her inde-
pendent organization set, she approached three like-minded Sis-
ters with an offer. They joined her for the sake of the wealth her
schemes might bring. Armed with knowledge of binding ghosts,
they experimented with direct manipulation of the American
political arena. The Seven Sisters' skilled surveillance of politi-
cal forces, however, uncovered Alexandra's tampering. The Sis-
ters discovered the traitors in their midst and cast them out for-
ever. Their names were struck from the rolls; their banishment
included their progeny for three generations.

eee
S fie o ZS Bp ea AK

Truth be told, though, Alexandra and her cronies didn't
care. Their banishment freed them to act more openly, and
they pursued their political maneuvering without the benefit
of the Seven Sisters' name and reputation. The Sisters have
tried to discredit the Serpentines, which caused the four
women significant difficulty, but there are enough unscrupu-
lous individuals who want access to the Serpentines' resources
that the four ex-Sisters make quite a nice living.

The Serpentines maintain a residence and an art gallery in
Phoenix, Arizona. The gallery serves as a vehicle to legitimize
their large monetary transactions, though the woman who man-
ages it is neither a member of the Serpentines nor aware of their
work. The actual members travel throughout the country main-
taining contacts and developing new ones, catering to wealthy
industry leaders and special interests who can pay for the politi-
cal manipulation the Serpentines can bring to bear. They rarely
rely on outright spiritual control to achieve their ends; they are
quite skilled in more mundane techniques of industrial espio-
nage, and such efforts are less expensive and risky than dealing
with the Dead. When they resort to a mystical approach, the
former Sisters primarily use the same information-gathering tech-
niques and methods of prediction that their old colleagues do;
usually, these means are enough.

On rare occasions, the Serpentines may summon a wraith
and perform a binding to effect physical control of an event. In
such cases, they seek a wraith skilled in Puppetry, then bind him
to possess a person and perform a specific act (such as pushing a
button to indicate a positive vote where the victim might have
voted negatively). Bindings are difficult and dangerous, and the
Serpentines attempt them only with all members present, only
for great gain and only if there is no other way to influence a
target. Alexandra is the only member skilled enough to bind
wraiths, though the others are learning quickly.

qhe Untathomable

What can you say about a group lumped together and
dismissed as Unfathomable? The very name suggests that most
people cannot understand why they act as they do, but closer
examination reveals that this may not be precisely true. True
psychotics are rare, and the vast majority of people catego-
tized as "insane" actually have solid motivations for their ac-
tions — just ones that "normal" people might not want to
admit that they recognize.

Blessed — or cursed — with the ability to speak with the
Dead, these mediums can be nearly as frightening as their wraithly
contacts, a fact that makes others less willing to look closely at
them. This unwillingness comes from a subconscious understand-
ing that, in many ways, these "lunatics" are nothing more than
dark reflections of normal folks, ones who operate on macabre
variants of everyday motivations. To realize this truth is to real-
ize that anyone could easily become as they are.

Chapter Three: The Good, the Bad and the incompetent 57


Dixie's Vengeance

T hear John's truck pull up outside the motel room, and then
there's some giggling that I know ain't Steve. I open the door, and
there's John feeling up some local chick he's got pressed against the
fender. I step out and pull him away from her, blocking his swing
and smacking him in the head. "Dammit, John! How many times
I gotta tell you? Don't make a scene and don't fool around with the
local girls."

"Sorry Rutherford. Guess I just forgot." He smiles weakly,
then turns and throws up all over the side of the truck. The girl
squeals and steps aside; no surprise there.

Drunk bastard. I drag him into the room. Outside I can hear
the girl asking how she's supposed to get home, yellin' about a ride.
I shut the door and ignore her, until I hear her kicking the truck. A
quick look is all it takes to get her moving, even though she's swear-
ing like she was raised in a bar.

Of course, now we can't hit the local graveyard. Can't go
gettin' caught because people remember us.

Pulling wings off flies, throwing rocks through windows and
tying cherry bombs to frogs were the favorite recreational activi-
ties for the five members of Dixie's Vengeance when they were
younger. Now that they're adults, their pastimes are drinking

Nediuns

themselves blind, driving while drunk and dropping lit dyna-
mite into ponds to see the fish go belly-up. They have always
been friends and troublemakers, and are generally acknowledged
as the worst thing ever to come out of Appling County, Georgia.

Their leader is Rutherford May, a tall, balding, bearded man
in his late twenties who drives a rusted blue Ford pickup and
walks with a limp. During a late-night drive fueled by a couple of
six-packs, Rutherford drove his old truck off the road, wrapped
the vehicle around a tree, and struck his head on the steering
wheel. While still reeling from the blow, he saw the ghostly fig-
ures of several Confederate soldiers camped a short distance away.
Not understanding what he was seeing, he approached the camp
to demand help. One of the wraiths turned to him and berated
him for being a disgrace to his family and to the South. Recog-
nizing the ghost from a portrait that hung in his mother's house,
Rutherford realized that he was seeing one of his dead ancestors,
said "Holy shit," and passed out.

When he awoke, there was no hint of the camp, but he
clearly remembered the dressing-down the ghost had given
him. Ashamed that his ancestor saw him as a disgrace, he
vowed to do something to redeem himself, something to prove
his loyalty to the South for which his forefather had fought
and died. Rutherford gathered up his friends and explained
what had happened and what he wanted to do. Though they


didn't believe his story about the ghost, they were happy to
indulge in a campaign of vandalism and destruction.

Such a campaign is what came of Rutherford's brief mo-
ment of conscience. The men periodically drive northward
in two pickup trucks, looking for cemeteries that house the
remains of Union soldiers. When they find an appropriate
graveyard, they steal into it the during the night and vandal-
ize graves by destroying the tombstones, digging up the re-
mains and scattering the bones around the cemetery. They
have vandalized three graveyards in this fashion over the
course of several months, disrupting the Fetters of a good half-
dozen wraiths. Though they might otherwise have given up
after the first time, Rutherford's sidekicks get a charge out of
seeing their story on TV. Odds are, they're going to keep at it
until they either get caught or the media gets bored with the
story. In the meantime, the thrills are fresh and the raids are
getting more frequent.

(G7 Ok. , =

Dixie's Vengeance may presenta minimal threat to most wraiths,
but if Rutherford sees a wraith who is not connected to the Civil
War hovering around a tombstone, he would probably interpret the
vision as a sign from his ancestor and destroy the gravesite. Obvi-
ously, the group poses a serious threat to wraiths who died as Union
soldiers in the Civil War. Many of these Restless now hold positions
of authority in the Hierarchy, but whatever a wraith's rank, the de-
struction of one's Fetter is never pleasant.

Though the mundane authorities will catch them even-
tually, there is no telling how many graves Dixie's Vengeance
will destroy before then. Rutherford's keeping careful count,
though — you can be sure of that.

Note: Rutherford has completely misinterpreted his
ancestor's message. If the old coot knew what his great-
grandson is up to, he'd be appalled. Rutherford does have a
limited ability to see wraiths, but due to his own psychologi-
cal limitations this power works only in graveyards.

59



SOO a

The Benandanti

or 700 years, members of the Benandanti,
| a mystical sect with Gypsy origins, have
f4! passed down their traditions through gen-
| erations of mentors and disciples. Mem-
| bership in the order requires these infor-
| mally organized explorers of the
Shadowlands be born with a caul, and have
the membrane removed by another Benandante. This ritual
of Unhooding establishes the mentor-disciple relationship,
one that lasts until the initiate reaches 20 years of age.
Awise Benandante keeps her caul on her person at all times,
as this potent fetish cannot be replaced and is essential to per-
forming the sect's key rituals. These rituals include Ekstasis, which
is spiritual projection into the Underworld, and creation of the
fennel sword, the weapon all members carry on such journeys.
By drawing her caul across her eyes, a Benandante may see across
the Shroud into the Shadowlands in her vicinity. This action, a
minor Ekstasis sometimes called "eyelidding," may be performed
at any time. True Ekstasis may be performed only between sunset
and sunrise, however, for Benandanti still in the Underworld at

dawn are trapped there, often for years. (For further details on
Benandanti rituals, see The Quick and the Dead.)

Mentors, called sapienza in Benandanti circles, instruct their
disciples, or novizios, in matters of ritual, philosophy and history.
Of course, the group's lack of unity means these courses of instruc-
tion take as many forms as there are teachers. For example, most
mentors agree that the Underworld is too dangerous a domain for
initiates to traverse unaccompanied. Still, several sapienza tout the
effectiveness of deserting their young charges in the nearby
Shadowlands as sunrise approaches. They claim this method in-
spires quick wits and respect for knowledgeable elders.

Similarly, there are differing Benandanti schools of thought
concerning the nature of wraiths and how they should be treated.
‘Newest among them are the Isolatori, who argue against any travel
into the Shadowlands. The Dannati say all wraiths must be de-
stroyed, lest they drag the living into perdition as well. The Redentori
see wraiths as souls lost and needing guidance to another plane of
existence. These groups — and others — gather at seasonal meet-
ings called Raduni, where each faction proselytizes furiously,
Benandanti seldom change one another's minds, but their full-
contact approach to parliamentary procedure has kept dentists busy
for years. Violence at Raduni has been limited to fisticuffs since a

Chapter Four: Old Friends 61

1928 meeting that turned intoa shoot-out in which two Benandanti
died. However, a breakdown of the "no firearms" polic
appears imminent due to the gunplay in Florence last year.

Headquarters

While there is no central base of operations for a group
as diverse as the Benandanti, one place is known to an ever-
growing number of these mystics: the home of Pietro Scarpa,
which is called L'Ospedale dei Viaggiatori Perduti — the Hos-
pital of the Lost Travelers.

An old sugar beet farm stands near a bend in the river
Po. Poplars sway in the Lombardy breeze, and there is a road
that passes close by, though little traffic does the same. The
overwhelming feeling is one of chilly loneliness. The farm

is uncertain of
how old it may be. Nothing about its bland exterior — save,
perhaps, a makeshift ambulance parked outside — prepares a
visitor for the grim goings-on within.

f is stone and thatch, and even Scarpa

Attached to the main hous
of wood by Scarpa and his foundlings. Inside th
out in military hospital style, are dozens of beds. Each one con-
tains some unlucky and comatose Benandante whose spirit wan-
ders the Shadowlands among the Restless Dead. This place is
one of the dirty secrets of the Benandanti, for it is here that the
bodies are "buried." Which bodies? Why, those of unlucky trav-
elers in the Underworld who don't make it back to their mortal
shells before sunrise. And because ha

is a long, narrow addition built

structure, laid

ving one's comatose novizio
around the house tends to attract questions (and flies), most

sapienza have no compunctions about shipping off such dead

The Great Betrayal

Magda D'Agostino dragged the ugliest se
Benandanti paternalism into the light durir

ret of
Pentecostal
Raduno in Florence one year ago. When she rose to ad-
dress the 11 men in attendance, her listeners knew only
that she would read from the journal of her recently de-
ceased mentor. Had they noticed the two younger
Benandanti women who quietly entered the auditorium,
some of the men might have suspected what was coming.
D'Agostino, 40, read aloud in crisp Italian:

"With some hope for your mercy, though not your
forgiveness, | commit now to paper what none among our
fraternity even says more than once, and then only sapienza
to novizio, man to man. For uncounted years, it was a com-
mon practice to bar women from our ranks. In the past,
when most Benandanti were also trained in birthing, girls

were stripped of their cauls and never told of our ways.

"My own crime was worse. What I write now I
have told no one. Let it mark me as the cowardly mon-
ster Lam.

"Dear Magdalena, you had a twin sister. The birth
was complicated. Both infants had cauls, but one was
tangled in her umbilical cord. In my vain concern for ‘pro-
tecting' you both from our dangerous vocation, I lost your
sister. Atonement could come in one form only. You are
the living proof, and have been my daily reminder, of what
is truly dangerous about Benandanti tradition.

"Do with this information what you will. But should
you continue to use what I taught you previously, grant
me one request: If you meet me in the Underworld, let
your sword be swift."

D'Agostino's two compatriots joined her then on the
dais. One of the men recovered enough to speak, but
D'Agostino silenced him instantly with the jut of her hand.

"I do not want your denials," she said, "or your apolo-
gies or anything else you have to offer. You are all complicit,
and each of you knows to what degree. Maybe some ghost
will wander by and spare you all conscience enough to com-
prehend the depth of your sins. In the meantime, it's clear
to me that you bastards are out of control, so know this: I
am watching. None of you is God, but if I catch you pre-
tending to be, you will think I am His avenging angel.

A sapienza stood to protest and was greeted with
three unwavering semi-automatic pistols. The trio of
armed women walked backwards to the auditorium's
doors. As they were about to exit, a novizio stood, stepped
away from his mentor and said, "He is a bastard! Take
me with you! Please!" D'Agostino stared at him for a
moment, then smiled and beckoned him. She questioned
the young man as the four of them walked quickly
through the hotel. What he told d'Agostino about his
mentor made her gasp. By the time they reached her
minivan however, all four were laughing. And planning.

Since then, D'Agostino and her band of novizios have
remained on the move. Her income as an urban design con-
sultant funds the group's monitoring of the Benandanti
throughout Italy. The group's latest target is what its mem-
bers believe to be a massive Resurrectionist operation in
rural Lombardy. D'Agostino's initial surveillance of the pre-
mises did suggest ongoing efforts to inhabit coma patients
with wraiths. In Ekstasis, she gazed through a window of a
horribly crude and unsanitary "hospital" filled with bedrid-
den people. As D'Agostino watched, a wraith appeared on
the far side of the building to peer in just as she did. She
hurried to chase it away, and knew then that this madness
must stop. She and her followers would begin with the ri
leader, a man named Scarpa...


weight to the always-gracious Ospedale staff. Occasionally, a
Sapienza may even come to visit — but not often.

The dominant aroma in the hospital is that of antiseptic,
while the sounds are an unsettling symphony of hisses,
wheezings, groans and hums, some human in origin, some
mechanical. Several of the patients are connected to anti-
quated life-support machines and respirators that make the
people linked to them resemble pilots in a sinister air force.

Despite the gravity of the work that goes on here, Scarpa
and his crew manage to be generally upbeat in the face —
and among the faces — of hopelessness. Unfortunately, disci-
pline here is not all that it could be: Some of the novizios
responsible for the night watch are prone to napping. Thus,
even though the Ospedale has no visiting hours, it does have
the occasional visitor...

Pietro Scarpa

Pietro Scarpa's brightest hour came the night he
Unhooded his sister Cristina's newborn son, Salvatore. The
sapienza's darkest days began 16 years later, on the morning
he found his beloved novizio comatose on the couch the boy
preferred when entering Ekstasis. The misfortune Scarpa al-
ways feared had finally come to pass: The boy's spirit was
trapped in the Shadowlands by the rising sun and could wan-

der there forever. Nothing he'd taught his nephew through
years of instruction could save Salvatore now. Scarpa knew,
as he began to pray, that the matter was now in God's hands.
He wasn't able to tell Cristina the truth. Although she
knew her brother was teaching Salvatore about some "hid-
den world," she had no idea that they actually went there to
guide the souls of the misbegotten dead. Scarpa already felt
responsible for Salvatore's condition, and he could not face
Cristina's blame in addition to his own. He did persuade her
to let him care for the boy, however. Scarpa then ceased his
travels into the Underworld, disillusioned about his mission
there. At Raduni, he became a forceful advocate for, as he
said, "leaving death's realm to the Dead." After one especially
impassioned recounting of the events that changed his life,
Scarpa met an enfeebled sapienza whose protégé had suffered
the same fate as Salvatore. The two made a pact and before
long Scarpa's home was on its way to becoming a hospital.
After several years, Scarpa was known to many Benandanti,
primarily because they possessed business cards bearing his name,
telephone number and the words L' Ospedale dei Viaggiatori Perduti.
Not all of Scarpa's brethren admired his activities, however. Al-
liances between Scarpa and other grief-stricken sapienza (plus
several forlorn novizios) led him to form the Isolatori, an isola-

Chapter Four: Old Friends


Roleplaying Hints: Never give up hope, though the years
and the failures weigh heavily on you sometimes. Be unfailingly
polite, even to those who are less than polite to you. You know
you're playing dangerous games, but you really don't understand
how perilous those games can be — to you or your charges.

The Orphic Circle

CF yi) millennial distemper grips the Orphic

Ve. Circle. The members of this ancient ca-
. bal, which includes mages, vampires,
wraiths and mortals, cannot agree upon
when "the thousand years is over." Com-
puter programmers dealing with the "Year
2000" fiasco and New Year's event coor-
dinators facing the "2000 or 2001" question have it easy com-

Metamorphoses

tionist faction of the Benandanti that questions the worth of ; in) Bry ae aunine pels al rivals Ada Pavon and
gallivanting about the Shadowlands for any reason. Because the [MAAR MMAR AUS LO continues to breed fear and
a ae ACO o Mert suspicion throughout the Orphic Circle. During the most

perforce are now more scholarly and meditative than is typical (AReaRCMeA Re TS RLS Ra Sc ENS Ce
aaoue Bevandland! Pavon (as she tells it) found herself in a shadowy grove

hae ay with Lord, her strongest competitor at the time for a seat
Because of their views and the haphazard nature of r

Benandanti communications, the Isolatori have made some dan-
gerous enemies. Scarpa made more foes for his group at a recent
Raduno in Milan. Lying through his teeth, he claimed to have
found an "ultimate warding" — a spell that would allow only z %
spirits of the newly dead to enter the Shadowlands and irrevoca- ALARA R SOS ALE SUS ALLS LS
bly halt all other "traffic" between worlds. After a stunned si- (AMMA IS SUR oo eo
lence, an appalled Damnationist asked if Scarpa would truly con- them, but when he looked again, in Pavon's place
demn the souls of errant Benandant, including young Salvatore's, J NODAM RMS ML DL cS COS
to wander the other side forever. Scarpa replied, "Heaven help [AOI RUSE TALES ISS ase UCR ag
me, I may have already doomed my nephew. But I will not se te. She started chanting in a la Ididn't
another life destroyed by these fools' errands of ours! I will give gnize. That's when I got scared and ran
no other warning, so tell all you meet: One day soon, a wall will Duncan Lord's whereabouts since this incident remain
rise between the worlds. If you go, be ready to stay!" unknown. Three Orphics impaneled to investigate Diké's
Scarpa told this outrageous lie in hopes of frightening the [JAMMER Saas Me
inexperienced and incompetent away from the Shadowlands. He (UUM Soe RL eo nes LCR oe aS
had no idea that some Benandanti, young and old, would plot (UNA US ee aS ae SCO
his death to protect their powers of otherworldly visitation. That (ROMA ec a eg LU SL Oc
day, with a fearlessness possessed only by the naive, he handed

iS Cet ts every Bekarsdante who Teyiesesd Be to pass a political judgment — basically, that Lord was "dead
wood." This interpretation rallied Dikeia support to Pavon,

on the Ebon Bench, Stoked by powerful aphrodisiacs, she
behaved predictably, Pavon says, until she realized she was

copulating with an uprooted oak. Pavon claims she fled
then, believing she'd hallucinated Lord's presenc

elist suggests that Diké (also called "the Judge") manifested

Image: Years and grief have lengthened Scarpa's face. His
tanned features are deeply creased, and his white hair has
entered retreat. He favors woolen trousers and cardigans. In
Lombardy's coldest weather, Scarpa vanishes into a black
greatcoat that looks as old as he is. Outside Raduni, he is quite
soft-spoken, but he commands such respect around the
Ospedale that he seldom must repeat himself.

who is now the faction's sole candidate for the Inner Circle.
Interestingly, while many Orgiophontes suspect Pavon "dis-
appeared" Lord, the same members of the faction also in-
sisted the oak in question be replanted and closely moni-
tored. The tree is currently thriving in one of the mansion's

locked courtyards.

64 Nediums


pared to the Orphics, who have long plumbed the mysteries
of mortality and immortality with an e:
strophic events the millennium promises. Consensus (to the
on this subject) within the organization is
that figuring the millennium's date imprecisely could have
disastrous consequences for the group and its goals.

‘oward the cata-

extent any ex

Calendars are one part of this problem, the Orphics them-
selves are another. The Circle's 300 members collectively hail
from over 20 countries, many of them non-Western. It took
an edict from the Ebon Bench, the Orphics' nine-member
governing body, to have everyone abide by one modern cal-
endar. However, some Orphics predate the institution of the
Gregorian calendar and still consider it, at best, a clum
inelegant tool for marking time. The popular Antonio
Giovanni, for example, has sharply criticized it as the work of
"dull-witted monks who tried to measure the ages with their

s and toes.

ned
m of his own devis-
ased on what he claims is "the clockwork regularity of the
Underworld'
ing Jones
ing) observation of the Tempest. Meanwhile, disagreement con-

tinues on how to calculate the time of the millennium's
A few members consider the issue pure!

ons." A committee is currently apprais
‘alendar, which derives from his lengthy (and ongo-

academic, but many
recall the horrible end met by Nikos Safiropoulos, an Orphic

Antonio Giovanni now secretly performs tarot
readings at least six times nightly. This obsession be-
gan with an event that occurred on the eve of his invi-
tation to serve as the Orgiophontes candidate for the
Ebon Bench. Giovanni decided to perform one of his
infrequent tarot readings and began to lay out his 300-
year-old cards in a modified cross. To his growing un-
ease, each card he drew was the Hanged Man. By the
third card, he was troubled, and by the eighth he felt
terror unlike any he'd known since his Embrace.

Giovanni stared at the impossible array of nine
identical cards from a deck he knew to contain only
one Hanged Man. The portent, he knew, was dire, but
he could make no sense of it.

Until the Orgiophontes' offer came.

The vampire felt that imminent destruction must
surely await the nine members of the Inner Circle. He
rejected the Orgiophontes and would not tell them why.

Since then, Giovanni has very nearly managed to
wear out the tarot deck he'd used for three centuries.
However, no card has made further multiple appear-

ances — at least, not yet.


"So," Smyre said, ‘
search the Underworld for old Krilov."

Hideo Masaka was silent. The Euthanatos
thought he might have angered his friend and ally,
but finally the younger man spoke.

"It's unbelievable," Masaka said, "how relent-
lessly this bunch hangs on to the past. You can't take
it with you, I say." He looked at the mage from the

corner of his eye, and both of them began laughing.

After a while, Smyre said, "If it were me going,
V'd watch out. There's all sorts of ways to buy it in
the Shadowlands."

rue. But what a heroic way for some kinighos
to die. What do you call it? ‘ ay oe death'?" Masaka
was quiet again, then said, "Yes, it's a good thing
you're not going. Who knows what may happen to
that search party down there." He paused once more,
then smiled and said: "‘Buy it,' indee

The death mage leaned forward conspiratorially,
steepled his fingers and smiled back.

He was simply missing, which could not be equated with in-
capacitation. Propriety — and the

manded that his fate be determined before other actions were
taken.

The Ebon Bench surprised many by granting this mo-
tion, as Dikeia members could have effectively defeated it with
a tied vote. The Inner Circle ordered the kinighi to resolve
the Krilov question before the next Great Festival, then only
four months away.

Protocol

An irony of the Orphic Circle is its concentric secrecy.
Far more information passes from the Outer Circle to the In-
ner Circle than vice versa. The Ebon Bench is often sphinx-
like in its communications with the larger body. On some
matters it offers no comment whatsoever, and the Bench never
explains its silence on a given petition. Some questions, such
as the Inner Circle's plans for the millennium (when, it's been
speculated, the Bench intends somehow to dissolve the
Shroud), simply are not asked.

This elaborate etiquette is mirrored throughout the
Orphic Circle. Most members, human or otherwise, have
much to hide. Many also belong to other organizations, in-
cluding the Benandanti, the Arcanum and the Paranormal


Research Wing. Thus, Orphics collectively pursue knowledge,
but they never individually seek more information about their
fellows than they are offered. Only a few mortal members know
the group also includes vampires, mages and even a
shapechanger. Gossip is nearly unknown in the Orphic Circle,
as it has sometimes proved a fatal commodity.

Of course, the Orphic Circle does not rely merely on proto-
col to preserve its secrets. Upon induction, each member swears
an oath of secrecy, which is coupled with a binding spell. Any
Orphic who violates the oath is compelled to reveal himself to
the Ebon Bench. This security measure demonstrated remark-
able durability recently, when an Orphic ran afoul of a strange,
pheromone-enhanced spy who called herself "Sharon Miller."
Although the victim, Stanford Poe, could not answer questions
about his own name or gender without looking to Miller, he of-
fered verbatim accounts of everything he'd involuntarily disclosed
to her. She became a test subject for Hideo Masaka's new auto-
mated surgical theater (which he calls "Dr. Masaka's Wind-Up
Surgery and Interrogatory Lounge") but failed to reveal her
controller's identity before she expired.

Headquarters

Taenarus, the gate Orpheus used to enter the Underworld,
is the Orphics' name for their mansion in Thessaly. This
sprawling epavlis — Greece's version of a villa — nestles in a
densely forested valley of the Pindus Mountains. The two-
story whitewashed-stone structure would be inviting to any
passersby (who are few), but for its daunting wrought-iron
perimeter fence. More elaborate ironwork adorns and pro-
tects the mansion's main entrance. Although most Orphics
of any tenure scarcely notice this gate, which stands fully open
only during Great Festivals, it features a splendid representa-
tion of Orpheus' descent. It was fashioned on-site by an 18th-
century Hermetic mage who supposedly incorporated a cos-
mogonic egg into his ornamentation. However, there are three
identical "stones" integrated into the gate, and no Orphic
has dared dismantle it to determine which of them (if any) is
actually a sacred object of power.

Beyond the gate is a broad hallway flanked by guards'
chambers and anterooms where business with outsiders (in-
cluding prospective members) is typically conducted. More
than a few murders have been committed along this corridor,
which is why a network of secret passageways connects the
rooms here to a hidden chamber dubbed "the Well." Its cen-
tral feature is a smooth-walled chute that curves approximately
300 feet down to the cave system beneath the mansion. Many
desperate individuals have tried to use the Well as an escape
route, but none have survived the trip; remains of the luck-
less litter the cave at the base of the chute.

The main corridor terminates at an oblong central court-
yard Orphics call "the Box." It gives access to the second story
via wide, stone staircases along each of its sides; to several

68 Nediums

) tag

smaller courtyards, many sealed by iron gates; and to the north,
south and west wings of the mansion. Upstairs, there are stud-
ies and private rooms typically used for experiments, assigna-
tions and the occasional sacrifice (human and otherwise). The
entryways to several of these rooms are impressively cob-
webbed, signifying that their occupants are Restless — Orphics
who frequented the rooms in life and now haunt them in
death. There is one downstairs residence, that of Security
Chief Caspar Bratovitch. Members still complain about the
screams that sometimes issue from his quarters, but Bratovitch
tightly points out that soundproofing the rooms would im-
pede his work.

The north wing is dominated by a banquet hall where all
300 Orphics can simultaneously eat. Preferred seating is near
the southern end, where members of the Inner Circle sit side
by side and can look upon the assembled Outer Circle. At
the hall's opposite end, Kerberos' 10 members sit beneath a
large canvas commemorating the Great Festival of 1887. The
painter, Polish Symbolist Tadeusz Witovski, died before com-
pleting the work but finished it later through a consort. The
north wing also contains kitchen facilities and a wine cellar
whose door bears the word "Veritas" — Truth.

Hidden in the wine cellar are subterranean passages known
only to members of the Inner Circle. These tunnels connect to
the west wing, which is reserved for use solely by the Ebon Bench.
Outer Circle members are welcome only in the Auditorium, where
they may present various petitions to their leaders. The metal dais,
where a petitioner stands, has special features — some lethal —
for upstarts who ask the wrong question or make an improper re-
quest ("I'd like to resign my membership—" Zzzt!) Other aspects
of the west wing are as mysterious as the Ebon Bench itself.

The south wing houses projects not suited tounderground
placement (and a good thing, too — see below): Xerxes Jones'
laboratory is here, as are Hideo Masaka's surgical theaters and
the ground-level operations for salvage of the library. Also,
all Outer Circle committees confer in this wing, Kerberos
among them.

There are several important structures inside the secu-
rity fence but separate from the house itself. Near the west
wing are dual helipads, essential since the Orphics have sys-
tematically eliminated the valley's roads. Quarters for the
estate's staff — all of whom are ritually bound to the premises
—are adjacent to the north wing, as are pens for various sac-
tificial animals (fowl, sheep, the occasional ape...), and, also,
a dilapidated stone barn.

This unassuming structure hides a platform elevator that
descends nearly 200 feet to the fabled Caves of Orpheus, first
explored by members of the Circle in the 10th century. Alas,
instability in the cavern's lower chambers makes it an un-
likely locale for activity in the 21st century. A collapsed floor
in the library two years ago claimed the lives of three Orphics
(and an undetermined number of volumes), even as they were
removing books after fissures opened there. Thus, the library


FAT INO a

and all subterranean ritual rooms are now off limits, except to
members of the salvage team.

These days, the caves have only one regular denizen. His
name is BlitzKrieg, and he lives in the dark near the terminal
end of the Well, not far from the elevator shaft. Caspar Bratovitch
bred him not to need light, which is probably for the best:
BlitzKrieg is a guard dog — with two heads, one facing forward,
the other backward. Antonio Giovanni still teases Bratovitch
for lacking a sense of mythology, but the young ghoul has not
taken the bait. He visits the beast daily but worries that the lack
of traffic through BlitzKrieg's lair may impair the dog socially.

Finding a suitable cavern to replace the Caves of Orpheus is
a challenge the organization doesn't even like to contemplate.
Years of searching have proved fruitless. The latest disappoint-
ment came when an exploration party in the United States sud-
denly encountered a tourist group. Anni Besturo may have found
hope, however, when she translated another portion of her so-
called "Lazarus Fragment," and found reference to a lost subter-
ranean city built entirely of bone: a place called Os.

Faces
Caspar Bratovitch

Despite being inbred backwoods cannibalistic ghouls, the
Arkansas Bratovitches always had big dreams, and little Caspar
was no exception. He knew that some of the top-dog Kindred
started out as Sabbat revenants, just like him and his kin.
And heck, aging a third as fast as regular folk was nice, but
immortality was another pot of stew. Caspar wanted to live
forever, and that meant being the best at everything he did.

FERRE

Caspar's daddy discovered his baby boy's unique ability
while they were hunting backpackers who'd trespassed on
Bratovitch land. Clem Bratovitch noticed that Caspar's head
would perk up just an instant before the hound's snouts did,
so he leashed the dogs and let the toddler lead the way. In
record time, they caught all three of the city-folk they were
chasing. Back home, Clem helped tear one fellow limb from
limb and rewarded Caspar with the head. The child plucked
out an eyeball straightaway and popped it into his mouth. He
grinned, and the eye peeped out. "That's m' boy," Clem said.

Caspar mastered Vicissitude early. He could fleshcraft war-
hounds for Tzimisce muckety-mucks as well as any Bratovitch
(though he was a better tracker than even the ablest beasts
he could breed). His pride and joy was a 180-pound chunk of
muscle with sharp, bony spurs on its head, neck and back.
Caspar called the dog "Muffin."

Caspar's life changed the night he first met a vampire. A
big black helicopter landed in the Bratovitches' front yard.
Out stepped Count Vladimir Rustovitch. His clothes and how
he moved were different from anything Caspar had ever seen.

"You have my animal?" Rustovitch asked Clem. Caspar
thought the Count talked funny — "enemil," he had said —
but Caspar liked his voice anyway. Clem fetched Muffin for
Rustovitch. Caspar was about to whine, but instead surprised
himself by saying, "I'm gon' be just like you when I grow up."

Rustovitch turned and looked at Caspar for a moment.
"You're an interesting young man," he said. "We'll meet again."
The next night, Caspar ran away. Just as he somehow knew
that what he'd said to Rustovitch was true, he also knew that
the vampire wasn't coming back to Arkansas. So off he went
in search of the ancient Tzimisce.

What he found instead was the Orphic Circle. Years of wan-
dering and meeting vampires taught Caspar to recognize Kin-
dred by scent, so when he detected that unique aroma one night
in the Greek countryside, he followed it. He easily eluded a dozen
guards, human and canine, and was stopped only by a magickal
trap just outside the Circle's enormous mansion. Caspar's skill,
ambition and seeming youth —at the time, he appeared no older
than 10 — so impressed the Ebon Bench that it presented him
to Kerberos for membership consideration. In five years, Caspar
went from fledgling kinighos to foremost of the kinighi, the Circle's
hunter cadre. He also became resident chief of security for
Taenarus, the Orphics' headquarters.

Lately, Caspar has tried to fleshcraft hounds sensitive to
the presence of wraiths. Accompanied by a Benandante
kinighos, he has taken these animals into the Spectre-infested
caverns adjacent to the Caves of Orpheus. Repeated wardings
had failed to purge these interlopers, so Caspar armed himself
with Faust's Monocle (a talisman that allows the wearer to
see wraiths) and the hunt was joined. But the two Orphics
haven't been the only hunters: They've been stalked repeat-
edly by a sly Mortwight whose hideous form Caspar might

Chapter Four: Old Friends 69


recognize if he saw it. The creature can only drag itself along,
its body parts half-eaten and barely strung together, its eyes
gouged out of a head marked by tiny teeth...

Image: Although he is now 36, Caspar's revenant origins
make him resemble a fresh-faced 12-year-old. His appearance
has caused intermittent trouble when some staff member hesi-
tates to obey one of his orders. Caspar has mellowed, however, to
the extent that he no longer eats the help in front of the help.

Roleplaying Hints: You love your work, especially the
parts that involve making other folks scream'n'bleed. On an
intellectual level, you understand that some folks don't take
kindly to your hobbies, but it just doesn't register emotion-
ally. As long as people obey your rules, you're perfectly polite
— but you interpret those rules real strictly.

Sergei Krilov

1928: One moment, Sergei Krilov lay dying in bed at
Taenarus, the Orphic Circle's mountain lair. The next, he was
dropping headfirst through seemingly infinite blackness to-
ward what looked like a jagged mountain range of pure obsid-
ian. Then, the mountains split along their ridge and the dark
world below him spoke:

"Heed the call of your master, worm. In life, you were
legend, the striding doom of the Dead, destroyer of my min-
ions who cast themselves on your spectral blade as I com-
manded. In life, you sought to stretch your eyeblink of an
existence with the help of those who would follow Orpheus.
In truth, all that you did in life, from the instant you named
your sword of iron and fennel ‘Death's Death,' you did be-
cause I permitted it. I could have called you here at any time.
Let the charade end. Now, your true servitude begins."

70 Nediums

Krilov saw an anthracite angel soar up from the titanic
mouth to meet him. For a fraction of a second, he let himself
hope she might be a rescuer, ready to lift him from this un-
speakable pit. Then the gap between them closed, and Krilov
saw the cruel glint of her wings, like huge scythes sprouting
from her back. As she enveloped him in blackness, time broke
into shards around him. In one tumbling fragment of the
Benandante's past, a massively fat man peeled a translucent
film from Krilov's newborn face. In another, Krilov was just
learning to love the thrill of destruction as he hacked his way
through an army of the Dead. In yet another, a heartbroken,
eight-year-old Krilov watched as his homesick father, aban-
doning wife and son for Mother Russia, slipped into the Ital-
ian night. Then the terrible angel carried Krilov down, and
he knew he had only begun to learn the meaning of darkness.

Krilov's eight fellows on the Ebon Bench were ecstatic
when he manifested among them as one of the Restless. Even
as he returned, debate was raging over distribution of the black
ballots to nominate his successor. Although for his colleagues
only days had elapsed since his death, Krilov had endured the
passage of eons. Much of what he knew he understood to be
hidden from the rest of the Inner Circle. Krilov knew that he
would serve seven more decades on the Ebon Bench. He knew
that, after his tenure there, he would return to the Labyrinth
to lead the Spectral forces of his Malfean master, Zyras the
All-Consuming, into war against the Shadow-eaten hordes
of Lamachis the Devourer. He knew the true face of Diké, the
Judge, who always appeared to the Orphics as a blond peasant
girl with leathery demon's wings, not as a dark, steely destroyer.
And every secret Krilov knew, he was powerless to tell.

Zyras' influence over him was irresistible because the Malfean
had learned the name of Krilov's sword. To tormerit his Restless
pawn, Zyras left him enough free will to do anything except de-
stroy himself or betray the monstrous being's schemes. Krilov
saw one option: Somehow, he would have to betray the Orphic
Circle and hope that the power of their binding was equal to
Zyras'. And that they'd let him "survive" his indiscretion...

Image: Tall and reedy in life, Krilov seems nearly insub-
stantial in death, a scarecrow with shoulder-length hair.

Roleplaying Hints: Too many terrible secrets burden you and
push your sanity to the brink. Try to avoid any emotional attach-
ments to anyone or anything, because you know the nature of the
destruction that is coming. Others may perceive you as cold, but
your distanced demeanor is a psychological necessity.

Hideo Masaka

Goldfish started Hideo Masaka down the path that made
him a smiling tumor of a man. When he was seven, and pre-
cocious, his mother would arbitrarily discipline him by slic-
ing up his beloved pet carp as he watched. Hideo was trauma-
tized, but he was also fascinated by the multicolored wonders
hidden beneath the creatures' glittering exteriors.

ity ——~ i ry SEED ee
vanpetel, SEN k, Op NS LO-, S Wr Ye i
Mies Spee KS a SSS, SE SO MX
SPAT INIOD: R ot zat

Hideo's Uncle Junichiro rescued him from this abuse. He
fabricated evidence in order to get his sister-in-law committed
(though, clinically speaking, she truly was a loon) and take cus-
tody of his nephew. Junichiro learned the consequences of her
madness a year later, when Hideo admitted having drugged his
mother's seaman lover and vivisected him. "I found the experi-
ence eye-opening," the boy said, "among other organs."

Junichiro knew exactly what to do: He sponsored the nine-
year-old Hideo for membership in the Orphic Circle. The boy wasa
popular addition to the group from the start. Hideo's knowledge of
the physical world, especially human anatomy, was quickly matched
by his understanding of the spirit world, thanks to the Orphics' ex-
tensive occult library. His late-blooming talent for pranks increased
his charm for many in the often somber assemblage. In one notable
episode, at the most recent bacchanal, he spiked the purgatives,
traditionally used before the celebration, with aphrodisiacs. What
followed has since been dubbed the Long Great Festival.

Some Orphics ("Those who didn't get any," in the words
of the inimitable Xerxes Jones) expressed displeasure with
Hideo's disruption of tradition. A few members of the Outer
Circle called for his censure, but the Ebon Bench remained
silent on the matter. Complaints were launched at Junichiro,
who was presumed to be accountable under the Orphic rules
of sponsorship. He wisely pointed out that, by Orphic stan-
dards, his nephew had attained majority three days prior to
his "little frolic." This meant, Junichiro added, that sanctions
against Hideo could come only from the Inner Circle — a
body the young man was now old enough to join.

Suddenly, the Ebon Bench's lack of response was viewed in a
new light. Protests against Hideo evaporated. Days later, Orphics
received via hand delivery the black ballots for nominating mem-
bers to the Inner Circle. The prank and subsequent furor were widely

seen as part of an attention-grabbing scheme, but one that worked:
Hideo won the Orgiophontes candidacy easily. The faction's leaders
were not as confident as the majority, however. Hideo was infuri-
ated when they postponed the final vote for the vacant seat, and
stalled the election. While Hideo raged, Junichiro told him he should
not take the decision personally, and that Orgiophontes political
leaders had good reason to fear Dikeia control of the Ebon Bench.
Hideo replied that he never took anything personally. "I
shall continue my campaigning, Uncle, and forge whatever alli-
ances are required to win." He looked away as he thought, I hope
those alliances do not cost Uncle his life. I am rather fond of him.
Image: A handsome young man in his late teens, Hideo is so
thin as to be almost willowy. These days, he wears white, the Japa-
nese color for mourning, due to the "tragic" drowning of his mother
during hydrotherapy (Hideo watched). His intimates within the
Circle comment regularly on the quality and variety of Hideo's suits,
which complement his dark hair and amber complexion. In turn, it
is difficult for Hideo to resist singing the praises of large inheritances.
Roleplaying Hints: You have the ambition of an
Alexander and the morals of a great white shark, and those
are your good points. While you can be charming, as far as
you're concerned other people are only pieces in the great
game of your destiny; while you may grow fond of individual
pawns, any and all of them are ultimately expendable.

The Paranora
Research Wing/Altemate

Energy Group

cientists in the Paranormal Research
Wing of the international think tank
called the Alternate Energy Group hold
one of two opinions about dead billion-
aire Jonas Cornell Pinch: Either the man
| Was a saint, they say, or he was Satan.
Unquestionably, Pinch forever altered the
PRW when he willed $7 billion of his fortune into a trust
benefiting the organization. Opinions on whether that money
(and the substantial strings attached to it) improves the PRW's
ability to explore the "physics of ghosts" depends on whom
you ask and whether their response is on the record or not.

"The Paranormal Research Wing is very pleased to an-
nounce—" was the predictable and not altogether accurate pre-
amble to the statement made by Executive Director Bert
MacTavish at 1996's annual meeting. MacTavish himself was
genuinely ecstatic, as were most of the group's directors, and rightly

Chapter Four: Old Friends 7


so, given their new salaries. The most noteworthy exception to
the mood of euphoria was Ruby Mather, whose promotion to
Director of Research and Development was announced at the
same meeting. It was common knowledge inside the organiza-

tion, however, that the position was a sop; the terms of the Pinch
Trust ensured that Mather's lifework was over.

In the old days of the PRW, the majority of the organization's
research revolved around one instrument: the Ectoplasmic Con-

verter Engine. ECEs trapped wraiths and transformed them into
energy, albeit a type of energy PRW scientists have never been
able to utilize. Mather formulated the device's theoretical under-
pinnings while she w:

sity, and she supervised construction of a prototype after joining

s still a graduate student at Duke Univer-

the PRW. For nearly a decade, ECE research destroyed countless
wraiths in the name of science and with the ble
merce. Corporate dolla

ings of com-
s for new, cheap energy sources built most
of the ECEs in existence, after all.

However, the Pinch Trust brought a new standard tool to
the PRW: the Stochastical Extrusion Engine. Its inventor, Pro-

or D. Ernest Goodavage, was handpicked by J.C. Pinch him-
self to take the organization into the future. The device, known
colloquially as the SEE (and to friends of Ruby Mather as "the
Unholy SEE"), has been described as a kind of "chaoscope." With
it, scientists can peer into the Shadowlands, and sometimes fur-
ther, given proper conditions. Not surprisingly (and more than a
little dangerously), the side effect of the SEE is to weaken the
Shroud in the vicinity of operation. Thus, while a scientific labo-
ratory normally has a high Shroud rating, PRW headquarters is
spook central — and the ghost hunters are to blame!
Knowledgeable wraiths used to be wary of the PRW and its
dread converter engines, but the Pinch Trust imposed a strict
moratorium on all research using ECEs and on further construc-
tion of the devices. Scientists who violate these prohibitions
risk million-dollar fines and immediate dismi:

1. Nevertheless,
secret ECE experimentation still occurs (see Aline Ebr), but
only off-site. The SEE, in contrast, is not portable. PRW scien-
tists in Berkeley, California and Edinburgh, Scotland are install-

qhe Geneva Connection

Damson Ernest Goodavage became golden boy of the
Paranormal Resi h Wing because of a waiter's error. J.C.
Pinch was heirless and unsure of just how many billions he
was worth when the two men met in a Geneva restaurant.
Goodavage was attending a symposium on chaos sciences,
while Pinch had finally made time for the Alternate Energy
Group's annual board meeting. After an awkward moment
when Goodavage returned from the lavatory to discover the
older man mistakenly installed at his table, the two Ameri-
cans agreed to share each other's company. Conversation
eventually turned to their reasons for being in Switzerland.

"V've had corporate partnerships with AEG for
years," Pinch said. "Lately, though, all they want is to
calculate a million ways to do the right thing."

"How so?"

"AEG's paranormal division is chasing its tail around
whether it's a sin to kill what's already died. Maybe."

"You've lost me," Goodavage said.

Pinch explained the debate over using Ectoplasmic
Converter Engines to transform into energy what some
Paranormal Research Wing scientists called ghosts, oth-
ers called souls and still others considered mere "psy-
chic residue."

"Well, you'd want the benefit of the doubt, wouldn't
you? Someday, everyone in this room may be clots of
‘psychic residue,' including you. And you'd be offended
— if that's the right word — by somebody trying to use

you to power his toaster."

Nediums

Pe RS,
Neal Soeelees
Sa

"Good point. But there's got to be a way to figure
out what this stuff is, whether it's worth all this navel-
gazing."

"Funny you should mention it. My work in chaology
has put me on an interesting track." Goodavage described
the workings of his prototypical Stochastical Extrusion
Engine. "Someday, it'll be possible to photograph the hu-
man soul with this machine."

"Why? What set you on that t

Goodavage paused, then ed. "T've never told any-
one this story. My mother died on my ninth birthday, and
my dad succumbed to Alzheimer's disease five years ago.
While he was sick, I'd visit him and talk to him, but he
went fast, so that toward the end he stopped responding.
Then, one day, he spoke to me — but in my mother's voice.

alled for the nurse, who came in and asked, ‘Did I hear a
woman's voice in here? Is something wrong?' I said that my
father had spoken, and she said that was normal. It was
anything but normal, so I sent her away. And Dad — Mom

rted talking again. About the afterlife."

Although Pinch then asked many questions and
seemed to listen very carefully, Goodavage wasn't sur
how the old man reacted to this story. And although they
agreed to meet again stateside, Goodavage's next encoun-
ter with Pinch came through the obituaries. Again, re-
search pushed the old man out of the scientist's mind,
until one of Pinch's lawyers called.

"Professor Goodavage," the woman said, "we'd like

to make you an offer.


(4

See

FETS ey

ing duplicate devices at their facilities. These new engines should
be working by the end of 1998.

Apart from supervision of the PRW's board of directors by
the Pinch Trust — namely J.C. Pinch's executor, Edward Oswald
Olivet — the organization has seen little internal restructuring
over the years. New scientists are assigned to a particular research
group, each of which has its own director, and each group direc-
tor reports to the board. Professor Goodavage directs five paral-
lel groups, all concerned with various aspects of the SEE.

In past years, PRW's lack of basic information about the ob-
jects of its research impeded the group's progress. Nowadays, these
scientists have perhaps the opposite problem: too much data. They
have gazed unwittingly upon sleeping Malfeans, whose vastness
researchers mistook for Underworld landscapes. But such igno-
rance won't survive long, given the caliber of individuals attracted
by the Pinch Trust's dollars. As one wag put it, "PRW's paying
these scientists like they're basketball players or something." The
size of the paychecks the Pinch Trust is tossing around has led to
resentment and jealousy elsewhere in the scientific community
and has even attracted attention from several of the Technocracy's
Conventions. The Void Engineers, in particular, are curious as to
who's outbidding them for new recruits — and why.

Headquarters

Quarry Gap, the Paranormal Research Wing's fabulously
expensive new headquarters, perches on a mountainside about
10 miles east of Rutland, Vermont. Seen from the abandoned
marble pits (whence the name) in the valley below the facil-
ity, Quarry Gap resembles the upright, partially unearthed rib
cage of some long-dead colossus. It appears far more modest
when viewed from the other side, where a winding road ter-
minates at the gates of the main building atop the mountain.
There is a helipad on the roof of the postmodern structure.
An elevator carries visitors down to the lobby, where security
cameras hum and visitors must sign a logbook.

The atmosphere inside Quarry Gap is that of an antfarm on
amphetamines. The actual stimulant, however, is money. PRW
scientists are superbly compensated, and nearly all of them feel
compelled to provide bang for their many bucks. Also, there is
an unspoken air of competition here, as each bright light (and
there are many) tries to outshine every other. No one here has
turned to sabotaging a coworker's research yet, but this phase of
the project is still new...

The facility's lowest levels — designated, parking-deck
style, by letters, rather than numbers — house the massive
SEE, which scientists operate from Level X. More than one
visitor has wondered if Jack Kirby was an inspiration in its
design ("Who?" is Prof. Goodavage's typical response), given
the machine's techno-baroque appearance. However, com-
pared to what the PRW's scientists are likely to witness through
the SEE in coming months, the impressively gargantuan de-
vice may start to feel like an Erector Set.

Aline Eburn

The most powerful weapon in Aline Eburn's invisible arse-
nal is a secret even to her. Since childhood, her abundant brains,
charm and beauty have been backed up by borderline telepathic
abilities. Eburn's powers are slight, but they effectively attune
her to the moods of others. This empathy meshes with her tem-
perament to make Eburn intensely likable — and Eburn really,
really likes to be liked. Her problem is that it's easy to target your-
self with weapons you don't know you possess.

She took up sex as an extracurricular activity during high
school. By the time the Paranormal Research Wing lured her
away from postdoctoral work at Duke University, Eburn was vo-
racious and gender-indiscriminate, and she preferred intellectual
lovers. She has serially seduced a dozen of the PRW's junior sci-
entists, many of whom now belong to her covert cell that pur-
sues Ectoplasmic Converter Engine research. They have code-
named themselves "Sector E." As one might guess, this "covert"
group is prone to significant looks, giggles and bad acting, but
thus far, all of this behavior has been chalked up to callow youth.

Eburn willingly risks many scientists' careers with these pro-
hibited activities because she craves the approval of one scientist
in particular: Dr. Ruby Mather. Mather, the ECE's chief archi-
tect, was Eburn's mentor. The younger woman perceived the
Pinch Trust's restrictions against ECE experimentation as a per-
sonal affront to her heroine. Mather has no inkling of the way
Eburn has chosen to honor her and her "brainchild." What her
reaction may be if she finds out is anybody's guess.

4 Nediums

Eburn's empathic powers have thus far insulated her from
anyone who would betray the cell. She attributes this good
fortune to her superiority as a judge of character. She's also
unaware of the friends she has in low (and dark) places. The
Hierarchy wants to keep ECEs in operation as a means of de-
stroying Spectres and the odd Renegade. To protect its un-
witting executioner, Stygia assigned a cohort of Legionnaires
to accompany Eburn whenever possible.

These unseen guardians would endure a cruelly dull duty
were it not for Eburn's hobby. Of course, proper enforcers of
Charon's laws do not cavalierly Skinride the Quick, especially
one in their care. That sort of unruly behavior is ruinous to a
soldier's morale, which is why Eburn's 10-member contingent
has an established schedule. It's not rigid, however, as "Aline's
Assault Troops" (their little joke) have been known to trade
slots in the rotation for oboli or other valuables. They spend
a lot of time swapping "war stories" about their hostess's seem-
ingly innumerable bedroom (and closet and kitchen) maneu-
vers and devote little attention to battle-readiness,

The true sufferer in all this hurly-burly is Eburn's pet Siamese,
Catullus. The poor animal used to have a life of ease, even with
all the goings and comings transpiring, but now he has to watch
while monstrous beings force themselves into his mistress and
her guests. He's tried to warn her by breaking things during her
get-togethers, but Eburn thinks he's just airing feline jealousies.
Maybe next time, he could claw one of the intruders into the
open and show his owner what's been sharing her fun.

Image: Eburn is more handsome than she is pretty, with
solid, almost blocky features, and a stern demeanor that evapo-
rates during her leisure-time activities.

Roleplaying Hints: It doesn't matter whether you're
working or playing, you go all-out, regardless. Insults to you
or your work bounce right off you (half the time you don't
even notice them), but slaps directed at people you admire
send you right off the handle. You consider yourself a good
people person — you just seem to know what people are about
to do, and you take full advantage of that. Sex, as far as you're
concerned, serves two purposes: It's a great way to gain a mea-
sure of control over people, and it's one hell of a lot of fun.
Either motivation works for you.

Edward Oswald Olivet

Edward Oswald Olivet became a sleep-deprived, paranoiac-
recluse shortly after he assumed supervision of the Paranormal
Research Wing and the Pinch Trust. He came to the position as
a superlawyer to billionaires and as a citizen of the world; while
his friends called him "Oz," his staff at Olivet, Stern discreetly
dubbed him "the Great-and-Powerful" (or simply "the G ‘n' P").
Lately, he's become a citizen of his hi-rise midtown condominium,
and his performance has been... .erratic, to say the least. His friends
whisper that drugs are to blame, and his associates fear he has
AIDS, but in fact, Olivet is being haunted.


‘ i op ™N 7 LO' Sm mS A eS
rye! re ‘ Ns as £O% 2 z Lec Se LO)
rs SU) Aha Sal Lees K S pee)

Olivet's troubles began after his most famous client, Jonas
Cornell Pinch, created a trust benefiting the PRW. The octo-
genarian billionaire surprised his attorney by asking him to
act as trustee. "I know you'll do a great job, Oz," Pinch said.
"But I hope you won't mind if I look over your shoulder while
you do it." The certitude of this remark initially annoyed
Olivet, who had decided Pinch to be, like himself, not a reli-
gious man. At first, he thought he'd misunderstood his client's
beliefs, but an event held on the first anniversary of Pinch's
death presented another possibility.

To mark the occasion, Olivet, Stern named one of its
conference rooms in Pinch's memory, complete with a por-
trait. While Olivet was addressing an assembly of PRW and
Pinch Industries higher-ups, the chair Pinch had always used
began to move slowly away from the table. Olivet stammered
briefly and thought, Don't they see this? But he'd had their
complete attention, and he seemed to be the only witness to
the incident. He decided not to mention it.

The "banshee" incident three months later was not so
easily ignored: A horrible, extended screech interrupted a
quarterly meeting between Olivet and the PRW's board of
directors. The noise shattered every window in the room.

Chapter Four: Old Friends 5
a= 2 = = et
7 S x oe ear

PRW's Ruby Mather removed her still-intact glasses to in-
spect them and said, "I think it's safe to assume Mr. Pinch
disapproves." Scientists laughed, but Olivet did not. He ar-
ranged not to use the Pinch Conference Room thereafter, a
move no one questioned. No one living, anyway.

This business literally came home for Olivet a short time
later. At 3:34 A.M., on the day of the next quarterly meeting,
Olivet was awakened by a sound he thought to be a battering
ram in use on his front door. He grabbed the phone to call build-
ing security, but the portable had no dial tone. Olivet panicked,
imagining he was about to be murdered in his own home. Then,
as suddenly as it began, the noise ceased. Olivet stood for a long
time listening to the thud of his own heart. The sound of a dial
tone issuing belatedly from the portable phone in his hand made
him jump. Regaining a modicum of control, he called security
and determined there had been no one outside his door all night.

The strain was already beginning to show on Olivet when
he contacted his friend, Col. Victor Cardall. The retired
Gurkha rifleman had saved Olivet's life in Burma when the
two men served together during World War II, and the law-
yer asked him to attempt an encore. The details of Olivet's
request came as a surprise to the old warrior, as the English-
man had never made a secret of his skepticism. "The dog has
to learn new tricks," Olivet told his friend, "or die." Cardall,
whom Olivet had sponsored for U.S. citizenship, was happy
to oblige: Cardall's mother had begun his instruction in Tantric
magic before he could write, and he was well prepared to de-
fend his friend against the ghost's depredations.

And so began Olivet's war of wardings in response to J.C.
Pinch's hauntings...

Image: A silver-haired, mustachioed patrician, Olivet has
always used money to make his life the best it can be. Before
his troubles began, he was as healthy as men 30 years his jun-
ior, always clad in Egyptian cotton, cashmere and the like
and renowned for his regal bearing. Lately, though, his seams
and his age are starting to show....

Roleplaying Hints: The spitting image of stereotypical
British colonialism, you're not cut out for dueling with the
supernatural. While you once had a commanding voice and
presence, you're slowly being broken by Pinch's war of attri-
tion. Flashes of the old you still shine forth on occasion, but
such instances are growing rarer and rarer as Pinch's assaults
grow more and more frequent.



efore Jesus Christ walked the earth, God was
4) spirit, not flesh. But once Christ was born,
| the Lord was both spirit and flesh. Now,
h| brothers and sisters, the Lord said, "The
wages of sin is death." And Jesus was mor-
| tal, and He took the sins of the world upon
His shoulders, and He died for those sins.

But Jesus Christ died so that we could be free, just as Christ
Himself was free. Our bodies die, brothers and sisters — but our
souls live forever. When we die, our spirits are free from Satan's
torments, and we enter the embrace of the Lord. Even after Jesus
died for our sins, His spirit could return to the mortal world, since
He had once been flesh. And not just His spirit, brothers and sis-
ters, but the spirits of every man and woman who ever lived!

You see, brothers and sisters, the angels watch over us in the world of
the spirit, but the Lord sends our own loved ones to watch over us in the
world of the flesh. Hallelujah! Our relatives, though they have passed on,
are still here! They are our guardians, defending us from Satan's infernal
temptations! Our parents walk among us, our children walk among us,
our grandparents and husbands and wives all walk among us!

Find courage, brothers and sisters. We are not alone in the
world. These guardian spirits are the answer to our prayers, they
are our saviors. Yet, to be saved you must want to be saved. You
must take the first step, brothers and sisters! You must give of your-

ce NUNN Cee NAS

self; only then can God enter your heart. You must give; only then
can His host lead you down the path of virtue.

If you give to the Church of the Divine Right, it's like a signal
flare to God Himself. Every donation is a declaration: "Yes, Lord!
I want to be saved!" For, not only are you giving selflessly to oth-
ers, you empower myself and the rest of the Church of the Divine
Right to hear other lost souls crying out for salvation.

The Devil's trying to get his hooks in you, brothers and sis-
ters. Call the number at the bottom of your screen and give gener-
ously — it's just like calling God Himself, telling Him to dispatch
the heavenly host to send ol' Satan packing!

— Excerpt from The Reverend Marcus Bloom's Divinity
Hour

Old Time Relision in the Modem Age

As we progress further into the "modern era," society leaves an
ever-increasing number of people feeling lost and powerless. The
systems of government grind on mercilessly, having no time to spare
for the needs of the common man. Old cultural taboos crumble and
new ones are erected in their place, leaving individuals confused as
to what is socially acceptable — or "right." Technology makes quan-
tum advances in an eyeblink, giving us devices we can use but can-
not understand, It is natural in such a situation for people to look for
solutions, and good old-fashioned religion is the most reliable place

Chapter Five: The Godly and the Damned 1


to go for answers to the hard questions the world keeps on asking. Of
course, most people are willing to disregard the small detail of the
accuracy of those answers, but that's a price they're willing to pay. In
the end, they have at least something to believe in.

Tailoring itself perfectly to this widespread spiritual hunger,
televangelism provides solutions and guidance, all in the imme-
diate and readily accessible comfort of your own home. There's
no need to dress up in your Sunday best and join the rest of the
congregation in the church downtown. You can lounge at home
in your easy chair, scratching yourself through your skivvies, and
still receive the word of God just as well — and in Technicolor
and stereo sound, to boot.

Whether rightfully or not, televangelists are often seen
as being just as interested in passing the plate as they are in
saving the sinful. While it's likely a number of TV preachers
save money instead of souls, it's unfair to say all televangelists
are money-hungry con men. Certainly, the lure of riches has
captivated even the most powerful of holy men and women.
since time immemorial. Televangelists are no better or worse
than any "traditional" religious practitioners in this regard.

Still, the immediate and constant access to religious pro-
grams via TV and the tendency to see them more as entertain-
ment (lavish sets, glittering robes, light shows and studio audi-
ences, all with the phone number plastered at the bottom of the
screen) give the impression that televangelists are little more
than crass entertainers. Then again, considering these broadcast
preachers' pedigree, this perception isn't terribly surprising.

Origins of Televangelism

Like television itself, televangelism is a fairly recent de-
velopment. The televangelists of today grew from both re-
vival ministers and carny hucksters (though some observe that
there's little difference even between those two types). The
burgeoning medium of television was simply a new opportu-
nity for holy men to spread the word to the masses — and
collect a few donations from them in the process.

At first, "TV ministers" were relegated to local stations, buried
in early Sunday moming time-slots. They preached the fire-and-
brimstone sermons common to the traveling revivalists of the old
South. What they lacked in finesse they made up for in flash —and
that's exactly the sort of preaching that works best on television.

"Holiday Christians," lapsed religious practitioners who nor-
mally attended church only on Easter and Christmas, started tuning
in the Sunday morning revivals. Watching televangelists gave them
their weekly dose of religion and alleviated the guilt that some view-
ers felt over missing regular church services. The more devout also
turned on the televised services as a lead-in and/or chaser to their
weekly devotions. Even some bored agnostics found a bit of comfort
in the shows. Audience numbers continued to rise.

Furthermore, the majority of viewers grew up learning at least
a certain amount of obligation to the litanies and proceedings of
church services, including the donation. Some of those watching

TRIER

the shows further alleviated their guilt by holding to this portion
of tradition at least; mailing offa check was as good as giving to the
collection plate. A slow but steady trickle of money flowed to shows
from the viewing audience, enough to keep many televangelists
on the air and to enable the most successful to develop their shows
into more solid, established productions.

Even so, this growth was slow and uneven at best. It was not
until big-name evangelists like Billy Graham and Jerry Falwell took
their ministries to television that the televangelism industry really
took off. In just the past few decades, more and more varieties of
programs — from gospel shows, shopping channels and talk shows
tochildren's programs and even religious sitcoms —have appeared
across dozens of channels, 24 hours day, seven days a week. Video
preaching has grown from a handful of scattered, independent pro-
grams to an entertainment industry in its own right. And in mod-
em society, entertainment is a powerful social force.

Preaching to the Choir

For the most part, televangelism is to religion what malt li-
quor is to alcoholic beverages. Most people, given an option,
wouldn't choose it — but, on the other hand, you can pick up a
six-pack real easy and the stuff gives you a quick fix until the next
time you've got a jones on. Same thing goes for us wraiths,

— Jake "Two Cents" Worth, Artificer and DJ, Ectoplas-
mic Broadcast Network

Despite massive industry growth, the general goals and meth-
ods of televangelists haven't changed much over the years. Tele-
vised ministers still preach about salvation and hustle for dona-
tions with the same red-faced, hoarse-voiced intensity as in de-
cades past. Even so, as technology and television develop, so too
do the techniques and styles of individual televangelists, as they
strive to become more refined and to reach ever-wider audiences.

Televangelists have grafted pretty much any style of sermon
one can imagine to every kind of entertainment, all in the name of
spreading the Gospel. There's the guy standing in a bare studio, his
only prop a Bible, as he tells psalm-spiced anecdotes from his own
life. There's the couple cohosting a variety show, mixing sermons,
hymns, and guests with conversational chats about the Lord. There's
the fire-and-brimstone minister ranting about Satan's wickedness
and the glory of God, all backed by aneon cross and a turbo-charged
gospel choir. There's the group using the pretense of an action show
format to show biblical parables, complete with a "God squadroom"
and snappy spandex outfits (with high necklines).

All these programs share an in-your-face earnestness that is
hard to get beyond. Televangelism doesn't yet possess the slick
blend of message-hidden in-eye-candy that is the advertising
industry's standard. It stands more readily with the entertainment
found in professional wrestling, truck shows and syndicated action
programs. Still, such programming has consistently proved its mass
appeal, and the televangelists are quick to play off that desire for
flashy, easily digested, immediate-gratification presentations. Re-
ligion has always been good at giving the people what they want.

Overall, televangelists are as common today as strip malls
(and, many would say, possessed of a similar lack of character).
However, it would be unwise to dismiss these TV programs out
of hand simply because their production values aren't as slick as
ad campaigns for beer or long-distance calling. Despite a general
lack of subtlety in presentation, televangelism is still a billion-
dollar industry, mainly centered on North America but with feel-
ers extending throughout the modern world. The power wielded
by these video preachers often equals that of corporations and
governments, and tele-parishoners are often more loyal than any
employee. With direct access to the masses through television,
radio and now Internet media, televangelists possess a powerful
tool for social control — and they're not afraid to use it.

Televangelists and Wraiths

I need a big fix of some holy salvation

Oh Lord give me money to burn!

— Big Pig, "Money God"

With all this energetic religion and effervescent piety to be
had, one would think the ties between televangelism and deni-
zens of the Shadowlands would be pretty strong. Indeed, such a
thought is not far off the mark. The televangelical style of reli-
gious expression is still relatively new in the cosmic scheme of
things, but it has already shown it can generate a great amount of
emotional fervor — and thus Pathos — under the proper condi-
tions. Don't think the Restless haven't noticed.

Still, at first televangelism and its potential uses by the Dead
went unnoticed by the Domems and stodgier Gaunts of Stygia.
Itwas some time before these older wraiths noticed many Lemures
— still addicted to TV in general and religious programming in
particular even after passing through the Shroud — hovering
around the living who sat enthralled by gospel shows. It was an.
odd food chain: Quick soaking up the high-velocity sermons
coming from the TV, and wraiths absorbing the Pathos gener-
ated by the emotions of the living. The potential was obvious to
those Restless who thought about it even for a moment.

Wraiths already knew that hanging out with the Quick in
church was a good way to soak up nice, strong emotions. Unfortu-
nately, church services were usually held only weekly. Not only
that, but there were also real dangers in going to a church, at least
from a ghostly perspective. Often, the sheer faith of congregations
warded church buildings against wraiths, but even if a wraith could
get inside there were surprising numbers of priests and laity who
could sense the presence of the Restless. The unlucky wraith who
snuck into church, only to be spotted by a particularly devout
mortal, was well on her way to starting a new career as a desk
blotter. The Hierarchy sees little humor in breaking the Dictum
Mortuum, particularly among mortals with the inclination toward
ghosthunting and the faith to be effective at it.

Conversely, televangelism enabled wraiths to slip into a
mortal's home during one of the numerous programs and draw in

Chapter Five: The Godly and the Danned 19

OT ee ae ES Oy


the joy, sorrow or guilt radiating from the viewer. Thousands upon
thousands of the Quick tuned in, and although the emotions didn't
always come (and the ones that did weren't always strong), a wraith
could still sate himself by flitting from house to house on Sunday
morning. As long as the Restless avoided interactions with living
viewers, no rules were broken and everybody got what they wanted.

Home viewers aside, many televangelists also had crowded
studio audiences from whom Pathos could be drawn. While a
fair number of the audience members weren't very religious (of-
ten they gota few dollars and a buffet to sit and cry "Hallelujah!"
on cue), the majority of the crowd got into the sermons wildly. A
tich flow of emotional energy emanated from such an audience,
enough to sate even the most Pathos-hungry wraith.

Gaining entry to these program tapings was also much easier
for the Dead than going to a church. The studios themselves
were almost never consecrated, let alone warded to prohibit
wraiths. Like the vast majority of the Quick, televangelists really
have no idea of the presence of the Restless.

Regardless of denomination, religion has always been a source
of particularly strong emotions, one of its best sustaining factors
for Quick and Restless alike. In certain cases the connections get
even closer; many Western religions are open to the idea of
wraiths, even if they haven't the details of ghostly existence.
While help from the living could be a tremendous aid to
wraiths, there's a flip side to the coin that the Hierarchy is

dreadfully aware of. Groups like the Sons of Tertullian are an
extreme but all-too-real example of what can happen when Quick
with information meet others with the inclination to act.

Religious programs offer a new possibility for the Restless,
though. Televangelists preach to millions spread across the world,
but the main intent of these sermons is to excite the viewer into
continued watching (and, as always, into donating money). TV
preachers aren't trying to guide their flock to a higher under-
standing; this is religion at the lowest common denominator.
Beyond that, there isn't a reliable communication system be-
tween minister and flock beyond the donation line. Televangelists
and their audiences rarely interact and share information, unlike
a secret society or even a priest and his congregation.

These different factors boil down to one essential truth:
Televangelists' programs produce existence-sustaining Pathos in
the living. Due to the lack of cohesiveness among the partici-
pants, however, the danger of their sharing ideas and experiences
—and so, the possibility of their discovering the real presence of
wraiths — is minimal. In the end, wraiths look at religious pro-
grams as a sort of an "all-you-can-eat buffet." The food

isn't great but, gosh, there's a lot of it.


s, € OR TAS"

Same Sh
Generating ail Gaining Pathos

Using televangelists to generate Pathos may not seem
like a big deal. So what if they get a bunch of people to be
happy or sad? A wraith should be able to get Pathos from
almost any living — or even another dead — person. All be-
ings have emotions; it's just a matter of sucking them up, right?

True enough, but much of the time wraiths must hope people
have the right emotions at the right time for the Dead to be able to
convert them into Pathos. The powerful thing about religion is that
very specific emotions can be encouraged rather blatantly. A ser-
moncan be about love, hate, fear, despair, hope or joy —and it's not
just one person feeling it, but an entire crowd. What results is a flood
of sustaining energy that the Restless on hand can soak up.

Religious programs are great, then, because they streamline
sermons to cut right to the emotions. Their goal is to trigger a
strong sympathetic response in the viewer, most often with the
intent of getting a donation, but whatever the reason, it still
amounts to Pathos for the wraith. And with a steady supply of
Pathos, a wraith's continued existence is assured.

Arcanoi

Given this situation, the most effective thing for a wraith
to do is find a televangelist who encourages emotions that
relate closely to the wraith's Passions. It's not unlike trying to
choose a suitable house or a good restaurant. One may seem
perfect at first glance, but upon closer inspection it just isn't
what you're looking for. Rather than hunt throughout the
Skinlands for just the right preacher, wraiths sometimes view
a conveniently located religious program as a "fixer-upper."

The best tools for such a job are the wraith's Arcanoi. Some
powers have little bearing on the Skinlands, and few can manipu-
late the living in a fashion that directly benefits the Restless. Still,
some Arcanoi perfectly accommodate such an effort. Needless to
say, the Dictum Mortuum forbids all of these techniques.

¢ Embody: A wraith giving a few ghostly touches, a gentle
whisper — or even a more vulgar visual manifestation — usually
sends the Quick into screaming fits. In the midst of a sermon,
however, it can encourage joyful epiphanies or sorrowful out-
bursts. Even so, Embody must be handled subtly. Whispering a
few "Amens" or "The Lord be with you's" to a likely subject in
time with the preacher's words can be extremely effective in gen-
erating hope, joy, sadness or peace. A riskier ploy with a bigger
Pathos payoff is to manifest onstage for just a few seconds in a
"Biblical pose" (Jesus on the cross, Mary holding the Christ child).
Moliating oneself to look like the stereotypical Christ figure helps
the effect tremendously. There is a fine line here; poor timing or
use of the wrong words may throw the subject into a fit of terror.
Then again, if that's what you're going for....

¢ Fatalism: This one takes a bit more time and effort plus the
use of other Arcanoi, but the results are often well worth it. Fatal-
ism works best if used on the televangelist or one of his congrega-

tion to determine the subject's physical condition or some event
in his future. By communicating this information to the
televangelist through Embody, Keening or Phantasm, the wraith
can develop the preacher's reputation as a seer, someone truly
touched by God. People's emotional reactions to this "miracle"
often stay strong for some time (days, months, years even), so long
as the wraith keeps feeding his chosen mouthpiece tidbits of infor-
mation. Furthermore, it is not necessary for the wraith to reveal
his true nature; the clergy member may well think the wraith to be
God, or the Goddess, or some other divine power speaking to him.

¢ Inhabit: Similar to Embody in that wraiths "make the
spirit of the Lord known," Inhabit grows increasingly useful as
religious programs take advantage of modern technology. Gen-
erating computer messages, changing TelePrompTer dialogue,
adjusting the lights and kicking in sound effects at key moments,
even crassly possessing a piece of equipment —all can help steer
the show in the direction the wraith wants it to go.

© Keening: Perhaps the single most effective Arcanos in
directing the Quick to generate the emotions a wraith needs,
Keening can accentuate a preacher's sermon. Through proper
application, this Arcanos can turn an audience's mild inspira-
tion into a cathartic outpouring of faith (or, certainly, its worry
into desperate despair). It can also inspire the televangelist to
even greater ecclesiastical heights, thus creating an ever-
growing cycle of emotional release. Wise Chanteurs cover up
their efforts by turning up the juice only when there is back-
ground music or a full chorus going; otherwise, an awkward
pause in the sermon can leave them hanging out to dry.

© Outrage: Similar to Pandemonium or Inhabit in cer-
tain respects, Outrage can perform basic "poltergeist" activi-
ties: playing with elements of the set or even supporting the
weak and infirm so that they may walk again (at least long
enough for the wraith to absorb their surprise and happiness).
While Outrage certainly lends itself to violent effects, such
use isn't conducive to repeat performances and tends to pro-
duce Angst instead of Pathos in the audience.

© Pandemonium: Really useful only if a wraith wants to
generate darker emotions (fear, anger, despair), Pandemonium
can wreak havoc on the set. The long-term effects are usually
downward-spiraling ratings for the program and a visit by
Legionnaires to the wraith. On the other hand, if the tar-
geted show is a favorite smorgasbord for a wraith's enemies, it
might well be worth it to upset the apple cart just once.

¢ Phantasm: By visiting an audience member (or, usually
more effectively, the televangelist himself), the wraith can ma-
nipulate dreams into "holy visions" or "epiphanies," which the
subject then joyfully (or fearfully, depending on the wraith's in-
tent) recounts on the program. Such a telling generates not only
the desired Pathos in the subject, but also a sympathetic emo-
tional response from the audience. Phantasm is quite possibly
the most effective Arcanos to use when dealing with
televangelists, with the possible exception of Keening. In cases

Chapter five: The Godly and the Damned 81


where the Hierarchy may get involved, the use and origins of
Phantasm can be difficult for Legionnaires to track.

¢ Puppetry: For wraiths not willing to sit idly by and let the
living do all the work, Puppetry can get immediate results. There
are two main options available here. The first is the "traditional
possession," where the wraith is "driven out" of the host body
through the televangelist's pious actions (during which the wraith
keeps up the charade long enough to drink in the audience's feel-
ings of hope, fear and relief). The second is to possess the preacher
himself and take over the show. A wraith in such a position can
dictate the program's direction (and, by extension, the audience's
feelings). As always, wraiths engaging in Puppetry should be pre-
pared for the results of their actions. Still, through clever han-
dling, even after the wraith relinquishes control of the preacher
she may still reap beneficial Pathos. It would not be surprising
that a televangelist subjected to possession might milk the event
for weeks, encouraging feelings of indignation, hate and triumph
due to his victory over the forces of darkness.

Note: A well-established use of Puppetry involves taking
over audience members, then having these consorts speak in
tongues. Such an event is liable to bring the audience's fervor
to a whole new level.

qhe Danger of Discovery

You know what bugs me most about televangelists? Okay, I'll
tell you. They talk and talk — and believe me, if you think I talk a
lot, I've got nothing on them — about the "hereafter" and "heaven"
and all that happy crappy. They paint a real rosy picture for the
slack-jawed masses sitting on the couch with one hand on the Bible
and the other on the remote. I'm here to say that the afterlife ain't
all it's cracked up to be. I'd love to see one of these guys tell it like
itis; let the Quick know what's really in store for ‘em when they go
to their final reward. You bet your sweet ass we'd see some devo-
tion and humility then.

— Jake "Two Cents" Worth

The threat televangelists pose to wraiths is admittedly slight.
The chances of televangelists not only discovering the existence
of spirits across the Shroud but also getting anyone to do any-
thing about it is rather slim. The whole point of televangelism's
success, after all, is that watching TV is easier than doing some-
thing. Still, as more and more Restless indulge in this religious
Pathos-poaching, the likelihood of discovery increases.

A more immediate issue for wraiths is intervention by the Hi-
erarchy. The Restless avail themselves increasingly of the Pathos-
generating services offered through religious programming, confi-
dent that televangelists are intent only on bringing in money and
performing and are unlikely to stumble onto any wraithly presence
across the Shroud. These wraiths don't feel chowing down on Pa-
thos from video congregations is even close to defying Charon's Code
in the first place. The Restless sustain their existence by absorbing
emotions, after all; what's the crime in experiencing (or even ma-
nipulating) the emotions of a televangelist and his audience?

82 Nediums

Of course, the Hierarchy has its own opinions on this sort of
behavior, and it tries to keep tabs on such deeds for breaches of the
Dictum Mortuum. Despite the organization's best intentions ("best"
being a subjective term), the Hierarchy's capabilities and resources
are already at the breaking point. The increasingly flagrant abuses of
Arcanoi in interactions with televangelists should be a clear signal
that problems are going to arise sooner or later — if not between
living and Dead, then between solo wraiths and the Hierarchy.

Ic's almost a mathematical equation. The more wraiths there
are that hang around televangelists, the greater the likelihood of
the Restless being discovered. Obviously, the temptation can be
great for a wraith to manipulate a broadcast minister. This type
of thing has been going on for centuries, incidentally, from an-
cient times through the Middle Ages; troupes of Restless or even
solitary wraiths performed anything from subtle nudging to out-
right control of the Quick. Such abuses, of course, ultimately led
to Charon's establishing the Dictum Mortuum and the opening
of a new and different can of worms.

Nowadays, using a televangelist as a tool, wraiths have ac-
cess to hundreds of thousands of souls when in centuries past,
she would have had access only to thousands. Even if the wraith's
possession or other manipulation of the Quick is done with good
intentions — perhaps encouraging the living to make their lives
better and so pass to Transcendence upon dying, instead of suf-
fering in the limbo of the Shadowlands — the act of meddling
itself is still a blatant violation of Charon's Code.

What makes this situation more potentially disastrous is
that if televangelists do learn of the Shadowlands' existence,
they have tremendous communication tools at their disposal
with which to spread the news. Televangelists could proclaim
across the airwaves that ghosts do indeed exist, thereby bring-
ing the attention of millions to bear on the Shadowlands.

Certainly, the vast majority of the world's population doesn't
take the words of televangelists seriously, but there are still mil-
lions of people who do, mostly concentrated in North America.
The conservative forces that constitute most of the American re-
ligious programming networks have shown their political and eco-
nomic power in the past over issues regarding abortion, free speech,
gay rights and gun control. Despite scorn and derision from the
test of society, if enough respected figures from the religious right
endorsed a campaign for the expulsion of "devils" from our mortal
world, thousands of believers would likely swell the ranks in what
could well lead to a new holy war against the Dead. Even though
the people of today like to think they live in an age of enlighten-
ment, the superstitions of our ancestors are not easily cast aside.

Even worse, once the ball got rolling on this ghost hunt other
organizations, such as the aforementioned Sons of Tertullian, as well.
as the Benandanti or even the Paranormal Research Wing, would
probably get in the act after televangelists started the show. Most
dangerous of all for wraiths, with a less skeptical populace behind
their efforts, these "ghostbusters" might even begin to operate in
public, hunting down the Restless without fear of temporal reprisal.
History has seen many instances when governments and private


TRNAS 1S

forces have used religion as an excuse to promote their own agendas
—and there are certainly enough supernatural beings with a dislike
for wraiths who have their fingers in the political pie.

The largest saving grace televangelists have is that they are so
completely oblivious to even the possibility that wraiths might
exist. As long as the Restless aren't discovered by a truly pious

minister with tremendous respect from his virtual congregation,
the Shadowlands should be safe...

The Church ofthe Divine
Rit

The Reverend's ongoing theme is that the Lord sends the spir-
its of dead relatives and loved ones to watch over the living. Bloom
claims that he can see them all around us, guiding us and protecting
us from harm. The rest of us, however, cannot see them because we
are overcome with sin. We must "walk the right path" of compas-
sion and love for ourselves and our fellow man. Only then may we
see the goodness around us. Then, when we die, we may rejoin our
loved ones in the afterlife and help those we leave behind.

This concept isn't terribly new to religion, but Bloom's
approach has a frankness to it that many find appealing. His

I was once a man full of evil
and wickedness. Then came the day
that I drove, weak and blind from
the devil's liquor, into a lake and

manner and his program
Spectres and Religion

show the rough edges of his
Dealing with cle

y has dire enough consequences
for wraiths without any malevolent forces jumping

thre

upbringing, but his message
speaks to an increasing num-
ber of people.

The Atlanta Citadel has

into the mix. The potent

drowned. I should have died! I had
squandered God's gift of fe on deca-
dent pleasures, on sins of the flesh. 1
was not fit for Heaven; only Hell
would take me. The world darkened
one last time, and I felt the cold,

course, is virtually an e

tres. The entire
Oblivion. With e

to widespread
clutching hands of Satan's minions
intent on dragging me down. ter:

Yet even for awretch like me,

the Lord still offers forgiveness. His
angels came down and, swinging
their bright swords and sundering
the darkness with their holy light,
they drove off the demons. Free of
their hideous, chilling grasp, I felt
myself drawn away from the light
that beckoned me. I returned to
my body, alive once again and in the care of kindly physicians. I re-
membered clearly one of the angels; she had raised one hand in fare-
well as I left limbo, and although I could make out no features on her
face I knew she looked on me kindly.

Tt was all clear to me then. Even though I had wasted His gift,
the Lord was giving me another chance at life. Then it was that I
determined I would not let Him down again. At that moment, I
dedicated my life to God and to helping others attain the peace that
T have found.

— The Reverend Marcus Bloom, foreword to The Right Path

The Reverend Marcus Bloom, aka Marcus Blaylock, was a
technical school dropout from Columbus, Georgia. He claims to
have had a near-death experience when he almost died in a car
crash. Since that time, he has started his own following with the
Church of the Divine Right based in Atlanta and has written
two books, The Right Path and Angels of the Lord. Bloom also has
a weekly religious program called The Reverend Marcus Bloom's
Divinity Hour. All of which would be unimportant save for one
factor: Marcus Bloom can sense the presence of wraiths.

the living right quick
the Quick that 5}
would engender a

patchir

val of all Spect
ch wraith who is destroyed Oblivion
grows a little more, and Spectres would be more than
happy to lend a hand to telev
ysthuntin:
tions on camera, some choice possessions of minis-
and several audience members puking up plasm,
a handful of Spectres could put the fear of God into
These actions would prove to
its are malevolent boogums and
no mercy"

4 wraiths in any way possible.

All in a day's work for a Spectre...

OAS only recently learned of the

Church of the Divine Right,
although local Heretic cults
have been attending Bloom's
sermons for some time. His
words concem the Necropolis
greatly, but the bureaucracy
there remains unsure of what to
do about the situation. The only
plus wraiths can see is that
Bloom seems positively disposed
toward them, but even that sort
ofattention is unwelcome. Most
galling of all, it seems Grim Le-
gion Doomslayers were the ones
who liberated Bloom from
Spectres upon his "untimely
demise," making the Hierarchy itself indirectly responsible for his
return to the living and ability to pierce the Fog.

Stygia has not yet been informed of these events. The At-
lanta Council of Anacreons is closely watching Bloom and fran-
tically seeking a solution to the situation before it gets any worse.

ved invitation to Spec-

ss is to spread

gelists if it might lead

With a few manifesta-

attitude toward dis

In the meantime, Reverend Marcus Bloom continues to
spread his weekly message of caring and light, and The Right
Path is in its fifth printing.

Reverend Marcus Bloom

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Visionary

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Awareness 2, Empathy 2, Expression 1, Spiri-
tual Awareness 3, Streetwise 1

Skills: Drive 1, Leadership 2, Performance 3

Chapter five: The Godly and the Damned 83


Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 2, Enigmas 1,
Occult 2, Religion 3

Backgrounds: Resources 3, Status 3, Sidekicks (three at
2; his personal staff)

Numina: Clairvoyance 2, True Faith 1

Willpower: 7

Health: 7

Image: The good reverend is tall, stocky African-American
man in his mid-30s. He has an open, expressive face and an exu-
berant personality. Though he has his detractors, everyone who
meets Bloom admits he's an eminently likable fellow. He wears
cream-colored suits, all well tailored to flatter his tending-to-portly
frame. Still, his clothing is not flamboyantly expensive. He ac-
cents each suit with one of his assortment of wildly diverse (and
sometimes distracting) ties.

Roleplaying Hints: You're a people person. You greet each
person with warmth and inquire about his day, with true interest
in how it went. You've been given a new chance at life, and
you're determined to make the most of it. Since the scales fell
from your eyes and you became able to see the wonders that exist
beyond this mortal coil, you've vowed to share the truth with
the world. While most of the funds flowing into your ministry
are cycled into various humanitarian pursuits, you see earthly
riches as your just dues. You are a messenger for the Lord, and as
such you are entitled to a certain privileged status.

" h Gi <

Now I know the perfect kiss

Is the kiss of death.

— New Order, "Perfect Kiss"
raiths who come in contact with the chil-
dren of Caine are most likely to deal with
the Giovanni clan. Though members of
other, more esoteric bloodlines possess the
means to contact wraiths (the Kiasyd,

AN Samedi and Nagaraja also use the Discipline

of Necromancy), there are hardly enough

of these vampires around to field a softball team, let alone pose a

serious threat to the myriad denizens of the Shadowlands. The
Giovanni, however, are quite a different case.

‘rom the Ashes

The Giovanni were originally members of a clan known as
the Cappadocians, which spent much of its unlife struggling to
obtain the "answer" to death. (As any wraith can attest, death
doesn't have a single answer — it's not even a question — but
the Cappadocians were nonetheless impassioned in their pur-
suit.) What the Cappadocians lacked was a consistent and reli-
able connection to the Shadowlands. Thus, their studies were
almost universally mired in the temporal world of the Skinlands.

In the late 10th century, a cabal of Venetian Necromancers
came to the attention of the Cappadocian vampires. Having
grown rich on war profiteering, these Necromancers were sim-
ply a degenerate family who had grown jaded with all of the
wealth they had accumulated. In their depravity, they engaged
in the blasphemies of Necromancy, hoping to achieve a forbid-
den thrill and nothing more.

But they were good at it.

So good, in fact, that the Cappadocians, regarded by vampires as
the Clan of Death, Embraced these Necromancer in hopes of gain-
ing new insight through the Black Art the Giovanni practiced. In the
longrun, however, thisact proved to be folly, as the scheming Giovanni
tumed like rabid dogs on their Cappadocian sires and hunted them to
extinction during the early nights of the Renaissance.

The Family

Giovanni vampires are all Embraced from the Giovanni
family, who even now enjoy the status of merchant princes.
However, there are many different branches of the Giovanni
family tree, not all of which bear the Giovanni moniker.

The main branch of the family is centered in Venice. Their
"base of operations," as it were, is a gigantic, sprawling loggia known.
as the Mausoleum. Riddled with secret passages, hidden tombs
and a crisscrossed labyrinth of subterranean tunnels, the Mauso-
leum bears an uncanny resemblance to the Labyrinth in the opin-
ion of wraiths who have seen both. For wraiths who pass too


close to the Mausoleum, however, torment is imminent, as the
Restless are the stock in trade of the Giovanni.

The Mausoleum is a strong Haunt (Memoriam: 5), though
it is hardly a refuge for those wraiths unaffiliated with the
clan. The great negativity of the area and the oppressive quan-
tities of Angst that surround it make the Mausoleum unpleas-
ant at best. It is even rumored that numerous "windows to
Oblivion" open sporadically beneath its floors and that "trap
doors" to the Tempest drag unsuspecting wraiths into the Sea
of Shadows. Those few
Giovanni vampires and fam-
ily members who end up
dwelling in the Shadowlands
are expected to aid the clan
after they "cross over," and,
indeed, many of them,
warped by their proximity to

Using Necromar
Storytellers without ac
terial on Necromancy ari

Y ~ 9 ~ ? 5
SS, AS BOE >
Tare PER iis % G LEO DX... dine tid

qhe les Nieht

Throw your mind in the sea

Eternity doesn't last very long.

— Swans, "Mind/Body/Light/Sound"

The true aim of the Giovanni clan is one they jealously
guard from their fellow Kindred. During the early nights of the
family's involvement with the Cappadocians, several of them
assisted that clan's founder with
his deluded goal: to become
God by consuming the soul of
God. Over the centuries, many
Giovanni became disillusioned
with this absurd pursuit, and by
the time the purge of the
Cappadocians came to be, the

Without Vampire

cess to Vampire sour

nists

Oblivion, become Spectres.
The aid they often lend takes
the form of enticing other
wraiths near to the Mauso-
leum, where Giovanni Nec-
romancy gracelessly snatches
up the unsuspecting.
Giovanni who become
wraiths are almost exclu-
sively Renegades, and they

line. Simply assigi
(Giovanni or otherwise) an appropriate level of this

pscudo-Trait as you sce fit, in order to simulate the
ce to which they may affect the Restless Dead.
Details on Necromancy may be found on pa

2 of Wraith: The Oblivion. Further information

on Necromancy may be found in the Vampire Play-
G
Rules for Necromancy in the Dark Medieval world

ers Guide, Blood and Fire and Clanboo! vanni.

may be found in Clanbook: Cappadocian.

Giovanni took their knowledge
and applied it differently.

Whereas Cappadocius
wanted to become God himself,
the Giovanni want to remake
themselves in the image of God
on Earth.

Thus began the Giovanni
aspiration toward the Endless

avoid the Stygian Hierarchy
altogether. That is, they be-
come Renegades if they're
not Doppelgangers, Mortwights or Nephwracks.

The Horrors of Necromancy

Necromancy is a vampiric Discipline that focuses on the ma-
nipulation of wraiths and their environment. Rumors of its power
spread like balefire unleashed in the Shadowlands. At its very low-
est levels of power, itcan be used to command a wraith to act against
her will; at higher levels of power, it may be used to bind wraiths to
physical objects, prevent them from using their Arcanoi and even
trap them in mortal bodies that are not their own. One of the rarely
reported but greatly feared manifestations of Necromancy is its abil-
ity to "strike" wraiths physically from the Skinlands.

Giovanni vampires also commonly augment their Necroman-
tic knowledge with other Kindred blood magics known as
Thaumaturgy. By combining the best (worst?) aspects of their Dis-
ciplines, many Giovanni are able to create elaborate rituals that
affect wraiths even when the vampire is not present. Grisly stories
abound of severed heads magically enhanced to beam forth a light
that draws wraiths like moths to flame. Other rituals include those
that bind a wraith to a certain place in the manner of a mindless
drone and terrifying rites that bring the Shadow to prominence.

Night. In their eschatological
studies as the childer of
Cappadocius, the Giovanni
managed to turn up several documents that alluded to the possi-
bility of "peeling back" the Shroud between the lands of the liv-
ing and the lands of the Dead. The most lucid of these docu-
ments (‘doomsday prophecies" of this sort of tend to turn their
authors into lunatics) is known as the Khazar's Diary, and it is
mumbled about cryptically by those Restless old- or well-trav-
eled enough to know of it.

In essence, the Endless Night is the utter removal of the
Shroud. In this eventuality, the Skinlands and the Under-
world would unite. As masters of Necromancy, the Giovanni
would then become kings among a populace that could not,
for the most part, manipulate the wraiths who would accom-
pany the conjoining of the two worlds. Already, the Giovanni
wield a terrible power over their foes. Were the Skinlands
and the Underworld to integrate, that power would increase
exponentially, as Necromantic command of wraiths would
then have an even more tangible effect on its victims.

Needless to say, few wraiths are proponents of this plan
(though very few actually know of its existence). Although
they would find themselves united with their Fetters once
again, the risk of those Fetters being destroyed at the hands of
callous Giovanni is too much for many wraiths to bear — and
that's before the question of eternal servitude gets raised.

Chapter Five: The Godly and the Damned 85

Haunters, of course, are the notable exception. Giovanni
frequently enlist the aid of this Guild's members, as the two groups
desire the same result, if only superficially. Despite the fact that
they share goals, Giovanni relations with Haunters are commonly
as abusive and dictatorial as they are with other wraiths. After
all, the Giovanni reason, why pay for what you can get for free?

Giovanni Among the Dark Kingdoms

Like lice, the Giovanni have spread everywhere within
the World of Darkness. By extending its corrupt tendrils across
the globe, Clan Giovanni has managed to exert some small
influence over practically every bit of commerce that takes
place on Earth. And of course, that commerce includes the
traffic in souls that brings them ever closer to their dark goal.

Stysia — The Dark Kinedom of iron

Western culture is the origin and the seat of power of
Clan Giovanni. Their influence stretches from as far east as
Greece to the west coast of the United States. Giovanni pres-
ence is strong in these places — most branches of the clan
and family originate in or migrate to these locales.

Naturally, the "parent" Giovanni family is strongest, with in-
terests in nearly every country. Among mortals, Giovanni are re-
nowned for their financial investments, which are, in turn, known.
for their security, high yield and unscrupulousness. When it comes
to business, Giovanni tend to be...flexible...with their morality.
Among wraiths and Kindred, however, the true nature of the Nec-
romancers is no secret, even if the details are a bit hazy. Most vam-
pires, for instance, have no idea that the Endless Night is the real
motivation of the Necromancers, though the Giovanni pursue this
end with zeal. Wraiths who serve the Giovanni, on the other hand,
are all too knowledgeable of the clan's goals. Unfortunately (for
vampires other than the Giovanni, that is), wraiths who are forced
into Giovanni servitude seldom survive the experience intact. Thus,
very few wraiths are able to disseminate throughout Kindred soci-
ety accurate details of Giovanni machinations. These "squealers"
are also often pursued by malicious ex-Giovanni Spectres and
members of the Haunters' Guild.

Giovanni from the mortal branch of the family known as the
Rosselini practice a more bizarre version of Necromancy. Though
its effects are the same as those of normal Necromancy, the Rosselini
method may be said to "create" wraiths more reliably. Masters of
torture and brutality, the Rosselini mortify the bodies of their sub-
jects, sometimes killing them. When the poor victim dies, the
Rosselini try to capture and bind the departing soul, though they
are not always successful. Many wraiths who somehow escape sink
almost immediately into Spectrehood following these grim prac-
tices, adding to the burgeoning ranks of the Mortwights.

A few minor branches of the Giovanni family, mostly lin-
ages from which the clan elders make ghouls and recruit low-

86 Mediums

ranking Kindred, also practice Necromancy, but these sorcerers
are extremely rare. Though hardly as powerful or well-versed as
the full-blooded Giovanni, such lesser Necromancers can still
make things difficult for an unwitting wraith. In situations where
the Necromantic caliber of a Giovanni affiliate is unknown, wise
Restless flee for safety, as it is better to err on the side of caution
than to end up a casualty of a bungled attempt at Spirit Mastery.

qhe Dark Kingdom of Obsidian

Members of House Ix Chel and House Xipe Totec speak of
extensive dealings with a member of Clan Giovanni known as
Pochtli. Hideously ugly, Pochtli is said to resemble the ancient
Mesoamerican gods of the ancient Aztecs and Mayans. Pochtli, his
brood and their ghoul servants (known as camozotzes) have better
relations with the Restless of the Obsidian Kingdom than most other
Giovanni have with the wraiths of their Underworld demesnes.

This symbiosis exists for a reason. The local Giovanni family,
the Pisanob, are the descendents of Aztec and Mayan priests, who
regularly practiced human sacrifice and primitive Necromancy dur-
ing the days and nights of these empires. As such, they are tied
into the ways and cultures of the ghosts of the Obsidian Kingdom
in a way more "traditional" Giovanni could never imagine. For
example, they know and revere Ometeotl, and they are versed in
the history of Mixcoatl. They sometimes even help the New Sun
defend itself from the depredations of the Stygian Heretics. The
Pisanob are also avid researchers into the Endless Night; they en-
vision the night when they may freely commune with spirits of
ancestors long gone and learn the secrets of the ages.

Which is not to say that the wraiths of the Flayed Lands enjoy
an idyllic relationship with the Pisanob. The latter are, after all,
Giovanni, and the Giovanni empire is built on the backs of wraiths;
this situation is doubly true in the often impoverished Skinlands of
South America. People there regularly turn from the temporal to
the spiritual as a route to power. The Restless of the Flayed Lands
eke out dangerous existences by lurking perilously close to Pisanob
death-tites. They hope to siphon a bit of the power released there for
themselves without revealing their presence to the Necromancers.

Another group of Obsidian Kingdom Giovanni are the
Hidalgo, who live in Mexico, the northernmost reaches of the
Flayed Lands. These Necromancers are base and vile in their rites;
they often mutilate their mortal sacrifices because of an earnest
belief that it aids their sorceries. Though there are only one or two
vampires drawn from the ranks of the Hidalgo, most of the ex-
tended family practices at least a rudimentary form of Necromancy.

qhe Dark Kingdom of jade

Some wraiths are surprised when they learn of Giovanni
activity in the Jade Kingdom, which many believe it to be the
exclusive province of the Kuei-jin. Learning their error is often a
lesson with unpleasant consequences for ignorant Restless.

The branch of the Giovanni that governs clan affairs in the
Jade Kingdom is the della Passaglia family. They are masters of
Asian culture, another fact that provides quite a shock to unin-
formed wraiths. The family has been active in the Orient since the
days of Marco Polo; indeed, a della Passaglia supposedly served as a
teamster in the trader-hero's caravan. It is in sucha capacity that
the della Passaglia best serve their clan — in mercantile interests
first, as Necromancers in the Jade Kingdom second. They are un-
paralleled lords of the black market who import and export with-
out the troublesome snoopery of customs officials.

Della Passaglia Giovanni do still pursue Necromancy in
Zhongguo, though. Of particular interest to them is the familial an-
cestor worship practiced in the Jade Kingdom, as they are themselves
bound by similar traditions in their own family (though it is suspected
by the wraiths of the Yellow Springs that Giovanni ancestor worship
is actually more like familial guilt stoked by generations of stagna-
tion). Also noteworthy is the seeming weakness of the Shroud in the
Jade Kingdom — though very little is known about the supernatural
residents of the East, it seems that the indigenous vampires and ghosts
share a good deal more in common than their Western counterparts.
The della Passaglia find it peculiar that these dark stalkers of the Jade
Kingdom even share a name: the Kuei-jin are the Kindred of the East
while the kuei are the Jade Kingdom's hungry ghosts.

Though they excel at assimilating the cultural and social mo-
tes of the Eastern folk, the della Passaglia are still Westerners —
more specifically Europeans — at heart. They have not inter-

mingled with the local populace (at least not "officially"), and they
seem to be doomed to remain forever outside the true paradigm of
the Yellow Springs. While they do demonstrate phenomenal skill
at manipulating the wraiths of the Jade Kingdom, they seem to
lack comprehension of this world outside their own traditions.

It is this very ignorance that makes the della Passaglia so
potentially dangerous to the Restless of the Jade Kingdom. These
Necromancers usually resort to brutish, vulgar tactics when deal-
ing with wraiths because direct results are the family's main con-
cern, protocols be damned. Such rough treatment sometimes
causes a wraith's p'o to shift out of balance and into prominence,
which can prove disastrous for both parties.

Ultimately, nothing good can come of the della Passaglia
presence in Zhongguo, at least from the perspective of the wraiths
there. In the long term, these Giovanni also wish to hasten the
Endless Night, which would of course place them in a position of
dominance. Given that the rest of the clan is equally as deplor-
able as its Asian emissaries (if not more so), very few Jade King-
dom wraiths wish to aid them. Were the Giovanni to succeed, it
would spell slavery for the Jade Kingdom's wraiths.

qhe Dark Kingdom of ivory

Giovanni presence in Africa is maintained by a branch
of the family known as the Ghiberti. They have fallen a bit
into disfavor with several of the more hardline, mainstream

Giovanni for the Ghiberti habit of intermarrying with the
local populace, a practice not viewed favorably by Giovanni
who possess racist outlooks.

Nevertheless, the Ghiberti have contributed much to the
Giovanni clan's knowledge of non-European Necromantic stud-
ies. It came as quite a shock to the Giovanni when they learned
that wraiths from the Ivory Kingdom are less susceptible to Nec-

te
should be much more potent than the "normal" Necromancy
that Giovanni outside their bloodline practice.

Another minor family of the Giovanni, similar to the
Hidalgo, are the Beryn. Although they do not specialize in Nec-
romancy as do the Ghiberti, they are nonetheless active in the
Africa as merchants and traders. The Beryn branch of the
Giovanni family claims only six or seven Kindred, and even they

romancy than Restless else-
where. Ghiberti scholars at-
tribute this discrepancy to the
four-sided concept of the
Ivory Kingdom wraith: Be-
cause other wraiths are gov-
emed by only two aspects (the
Psyche and the Shadow), nor-
mal Necromantic practice has
only to set one side of a
wraith's being against the
other to achieve its desired
effect. In the Dark Kingdom
of Ivory, abambo believe
themselves to be four-part en-
tities that include the soul
(Psyche), the shadowself
(Shadow), the dreamself
(Emotion) and the heartlife
(Fetters and connection to
the Skinlands). This different
paradigm clashes with the
precepts of other Restless cul-
tures, and although the differ-
ence is not radical, it is sig-
nificant enough to demand a
restructuring of Necromantic
practice.

The Ghiberti pursue
this practice, as they are re-
sponsible for keeping the
clan aware of Restless activ-
ity in the Ivory Kingdom.
They are also masters of the
variant of Necromancy that

Haunters and the Giovanni

While it may seem that the Haunters and the
Giovanni have a common goal in wanting to unite the
Shadowlands and the Skinlands, no two more truly
disparate groups exist among the Quick, the Dead and
the undead.

Haunters are the masters of Pandemonium, both
as a concept and as an Arcanos. Their vision of the

unification is one of chaos and mayhem populated by

weirdness and incomprehensible "laws" of physics.

Though not necessarily violent or dangerous, this
conjoinment of worlds in which no physical law would
be permanent and no outcome could be guaranteed
would prove terrifying and inscrutable.

The Giovanni, on the other hand, see the End-
less Night as a source of vast opportunity. As masters
of Necromancy, their own power would achieve an
untold level and they could exert their whims on the
world as they liked. Their vision certainly would in-
clude cadres of subservient wraiths and Quick, hardly
a promising future for members of either group.

Neither the Haunters nor the Giovanni wish to
see the other faction succeed (not that they're wholly
aware of each other's movements or goals), though
they will work together on occasion. These tion-
ships are typically short and utilitarian: As long as
they are of use to each other, Haunters and Giovanni
continue to exchange services. The moment ideolo-
gies and goals diverge, however, all bets are off and

it's back to the trenches.

focus more on economic success
than Necromantic insight.

The Harbingers of
Skull

Of late, a few wraiths, par-
ticularly ones in the Flayed Lands
and the Italian Skinlands, have
observed a peculiar occurrence.
Kindred calling themselves the
"Harbingers of Skulls" have been
seen wandering through the
Shadowlands, canvassing the lo-
cal Restless for any information
they may have on the Giovanni.

These gaunt vampires wear
skull-masks and are never seen in
numbers; they are universally soli-
tary. The few reliable accounts of
their sightings attribute Necro-
mantic powers to them as well,
though it is of a different nature
than that employed by the
Giovanni.

What these vampires are
after is a mystery, as is their
origin. Precisely what their
presence portends is unknown.
as well, but they are said to
"burn with the fires of ven-
geance" when their ire is
aroused.

allows control over the native abambo. Treacherous childer,
the Ghiberti have not fully explained the nature of the abambo
to their Giovanni sires — as few non-Ghiberti Giovanni ac-
tually have truck with the Ivory Kingdom, they have no need
of the finer details of wraithly status there. Or so the Ghiberti
reason....

The Ghiberti pursue the Endless Night as avidly as do
the other families, but for a different motive. Once the effect
is achieved, they should effectively be able to carve out a niche
for themselves in Africa, as their own specialized Nectomancy

Mediums

The Giovanni and Wraith: Storytelling

Members of Clan Giovanni are among the most terrifying
foes from the Skinlands that wraiths will ever face. As most deni-
zens of the Skinlands lack the ability to contact the Restless Dead,
wraiths do not typically have to fear the movements of anyone
who dwells among the Quick. Unless a Fetter is threatened,
wraiths can take or leave the events of the Skinlands.

This formula breaks down when the Giovanni are involved. A
depraved family of once-mortal Necromancers, the Giovanni have

FADO

learned to affect the Underworld through the use of their vampiric
Disciplines. They have no qualms about using these powers for their
own benefit; in fact, clan policy encourages individual Giovanni to
do so. The use of Necromancy has enabled the Giovanni to attain
the position of wealth and unseen power that they currently hold,
but they are never satisfied and continuously exert their metaphysi-
cal might to aid their success in the physical world.

Giovanni as Antagonists

The mostcommon interac
tions between Giovanni and
wraiths are quite adversarial in

Giovanni as Allies

Not all Giovanni are incorrigibly evil or self-interested,
just most of them.

That said, those few Giovanni with altruistic moralities can
be valuable allies to a Circle of wraiths. Because they are actually
physically present in the Skinlands, Giovanni can do things that
most wraiths cannot. Who better to recover and protect a Fetter
than someone who may readily touch and guard it?

The only problem with
these relationships is that they
can turn ugly at a moment's

nature. As jaded as the Giovanni
are, and as accustomed as they
are to inflicting their whims upon
whomever they wish, few
Giovanni care that wraiths are
still human souls. The Dead are
the coin of the realm to the Nec-
romancers, suitable for use as
tools or sources of information
and little more. Which is not to
say that Giovanni take wraiths
for granted — quite the contrary!
Wraiths are vital to the contin-
ued success of the clan. Were the
Giovanni suddenly to lose their
one-sided rapport with the Un-
derworld, they would be without
ahope in the maelstrom of Kin-
dred politics. Nonetheless, that

ivory Kingdom Necromancy

To simulate the differences between the vari
ant of Necromancy practiced by Ghiberti Kindred
and other Giovanni, the Storyteller is advised to
increase the difficulties of all Necromancy rolls by
two for Giovanni unfamiliar with the Bush of
Ghosts. Controlling the abambo without adequate
knowledge of their quadripartite state is not some-

thing that most Giovanni can do.

Mechanical Differences

It should be noted that the effects of Necro-
mancy in the Bush of Ghosts do not differ from

those elsewhere. The only differences are in the
implementation, which is the source of the dispar
rnate" Necror

he

ity. There is no "alte ney available

to Ghiberti Giovanni is only an "Ivory I

dom" specialization, which is available once the Nee

romancer achieves the fourth level of mastery in

notice. After all, a Giovanni
has no need to actually recip-
rocate a wraith's aid —she may
simply resort to Necromancy
and force the wraith to com-
ply.

Necromancy and the
Story

In the hands of a skilled
Storyteller, Necromancy be-
comes a frightening force in
direct opposition to they play-
ers' characters. Necromancy is
an excellent vehicle for invok-
ing fear of the unknown, as it
is uncommon enough for most
wraiths to be ignorant of its evil

same rapport is indicative of the
relationships drawn between
Giovanni and their "servants,"
the wraiths.

When a wraith deals with a Giovanni, it will typically be
from the business end of a pact of servitude. Such manipulations,
of course, incense most wraiths, and Giovanni accordingly make
excellent antagonists and foes. How does a Circle react to being at
the beck and call ofa certain Giovanni? What do they do when he
seizes their Fetters in order to have greater command over them?
His very presence may serve their Shadows' Dark Passions by sub-
jecting their Psyches to degradation and blatant manipulation. How
do the wraiths eliminate the offending vampire once they have
decided that his depredations are unbearable?

A Giovanni vampire also provides excellent opportunities to
test the morality of the wraith he commands. What happens when
the Necromancer forces a wraith to haunt the home of someone
she loved in life? How does the wraith react when she is bound to
the Necromancer and must accompany him on his missions of
murder and treachery? How about when she is charged with the
responsibility of providing information that she knows will be used
to serve the Giovanni's own villainous ends?

the Discipline.

lure. Simply revealing that a
character may be a Necroman-
cer is often enough to send a
chill down the spines of the
characters (not to mention the players), as they have no idea
how powerful she may be or what effects she may invoke.
Necromancy is also a powerful force for Oblivion, as
wraiths who find themselves under its sway typically lose the
ability to act of their own volition. Bound by a will other
than their own, many wraiths succumb to frustration, anger
or despair, and it is these dark passions (and Passions) that
can feed the power of the Shadow. More than a few Restless
have been led into Oblivion by the subtle promises of a
Shadow to free them from their Necromantic predicaments.
Finally (and less dramatically), Necromancy can be used to
steer characters on the path the story demands. Are the charac-
ters avoiding the obvious? Do they refuse to talk to an important
contact? Do they shy away froma locale they should, for the sake
of the story, visit? Never worry! Simply have a Necromancer force
them to do it against their wills! Guidance in this manner should
never be blatant — no Necromancer is going to watch the

Chapter five: The Godly and the Damned


Shadowlands vigilantly for errant player characters and set them
on the right track. Very rarely is a Necromancer the "old man in
the tavern" who gives the characters a map. He may, however,
need to give a vital message to another denizen of the Under-
world, perhaps one who resides in Stygia. It could be that the
Necromancer coerces a wraith into revealing a secret that the
others in her Circle did not know. Whatever form it takes, this
guidance should never manifest as railroading the players: Make
them appreciate their free will by stripping them of it tempo-
rarily, don't just arbitrarily send them down the right path.

Deals with the Devi:
Spectre Cults

@] h, this ain't the worst I've seen."

This statement indicated to me that a
long string of examples was soon to follow.
Unfortunately, I was correct.

"I saw this one guy," the orderly contin-
ued, "who was so whacked he had ‘666' carved
rightinto his forehead! Claimed he was some kind
of vessel for an alien. If you ask me," — which I didn't — "all these
guys are just plain nuts." Ah, I said to myself, a reasoned, professional
diagnosis. No wonder this idiot was working the graveyard shift.

"Ts that the strangest case you have seen?" I asked, hoping
against hope that that would in fact be the case.

"No, no..." I could see the stress of actual thought forming deep
‘ravines across this genius' forehead. "One guy spent five months here,
and the whole time he was covered in blood from head to toe. Weird
thing was that none of the blood was his and we couldn't clean it off.
No matter how much we bathed this guy, the blood would just come
back. Twenty minutes of work and it was back in five. Strange shit."

"Couldn't the doctors find a cause for this condition?"

"Well, they didn't find out what the cause was, but they found a
cure. About 50,000 volts. The guy electrocuted himself down in the
basement. Plugged himself direct into the main line." He chuckled
silently to himself, probably remembering some humorous detail. "But
the strangest one, the one that really gets me, is this new one. The guy
you're here for. He don't talk much. He's real polite, doesn't yell or
scream like some of the others, but that's the weirdest part. See, I could
understand some of these freaks killing a bunch of people, but this guy
is so nice it's hard to think he did those things you say he did. I mean,
he says please and thank you and I'm sorry; I kinda have trouble
seeing him cutting up a whole family like they was pot roast."

"Well, you know what they say about the quiet ones." I cracked
a forced smile. "So, is there anything else weird about this guy?"

90 Mediums

"Yeah. We have a hard time keeping track of him."

"How's that?" I said, feeling a growing sense of alarm.

"Well, this one time he was supposed to be out in the yard.
You see, we give the patients some outdoor time if they behave.
Anyway, he was supposed to be in the yard, but the orderly, Jimmy,
said he couldn' find him anywhere. I spotted him later up in the
administrative office. He apologized and said he had gotten lost."

"Don't you keep those offices locked?"

"Locked? Yeah, we even have a few guards in between the yard
and the offices. I got no idea how he got up there." Shaking his head,
the orderly continued to lead me down the hall. At a door marked 23,
he stopped and gestured proudly. "Well," he said, "here's your boy."

Tlooked past him and saw what I'd expected to see, but that didn't
make the view any more pleasant. "Have you kept this door locked," I
asked. He nodded stupidly, then saw the look of horror on my face.

"Hey, what's wrong," he asked, before revelation finally forced
its way into his thick skull. Room 23 was empty.

I could already hear the screaming from down the hall.

They can hear the grumbling of discontent from the slums
and alleys of the inner city. They can smell the hopelessness
of the poor, the insane and the desperate. From the depths of
the abyss one can hear their laughter.

Across the globe and throughout history, the desperate and
disenfranchised have called upon supernatural aid to advance their
position in society. Religions of all manner have grown and thrived
on the pleas of the masses, who fatten a faith's coffers with dona-
tions. However, most faiths posit themselves as being, at core, be-
nevolent. Not so with those cults that orbit the Shadow-eaten.

Most mortals don't understand the difference between demons,
devils and Spectres. While the first two lie outside the purview of
this book, many of the rituals and rites designed to "catch" infernal
creatures actually serve as emotional beacons for Spectres. Drawn
by strong negative emotion, these Shadow-eaten wraiths can quickly
recognize the opportunity such a buffet of misery and greed offers.

And so, the unholy deal is struck, Mortals, in exchange for
whatever manifestations of power a Spectre promises, give them-
selves over to this monster's service. A Spectre (usually a
Doppelganger or Nephwrack) is happy to satisfy his followers' re-
quests, which are usually easy to accomplish, and often produce
tremendous outpourings of negative emotional energy. For their
part, the followers make "offerings" to their "demon" without real-
izing that it's not the sacrifices or murders that feed their master,
but rather the pain and terror and lust that these actions generate.

Doppelgangers and Nephwracks are the usual culprits behind
Spectre cults; most of them have Fetters and, therefore, can actually
manifest before their followers. Often, the hidden agenda behind a
Spectre cult is for the "deity" to prepare all of his followers to cross the
Shroud as wraiths — who are promptly harvested and packed off to
the Labyrinth for "conversion." Hence, the large numbers of apoca-
lyptic mass suicides linked to these cults; the suicides allow a Spectre
to gorge himself on Angst and amass plenty of souls to play with later.

The Devils

"Oh, I'm sorry. I must have dialed the wrong number."

"No, I don't think you have. You've reached exactly the right
number."

"How's that? I don't recognize your voice and this certainly
isn't Mama Luigi's pizza. Who are you?"

"T'm your newest, bestest friend. That is what you wanted
isn't it? A new friend. Someone to talk to, cry on and confide in.
Someone to wipe your bottom and feed you and take care of you.
T can get you things, Robert. Things that you have only dreamed
of having."

"How did you know my name? Who the hell is this? I don't
know what you're talking about, jackass, but I'm hanging up!"

"Do that, and you'll never know."

"Never know what?"

"Ahh, now that would be telling. Are you ready to listen?"

‘Wraiths sustain themselves by vicariously experiencing the pas-
sions of others. While they can subsist off the passions of other wraiths,
or even off their own current experiences, the passions of mortals go
down much more smoothly. The dramatic outpouring of energies at a
religious gathering can bloat a pious wraith like a summer tick. The
Dark Passions that Spectres feed upon, however, do not normally sur-
face at major gatherings of the faithful. Therefore, Nephwracks and
their ilk have to find other means to cultivate this kind of power.

With this goal in mind, the forces of Oblivion corral naive and
unwanted mortals into obscene cults with dubious intentions. These
people, whether rejected from normal society or eager to be above
it, worship Spectres as if the Shadow-eaten were gods — often with
a tragic end. The Shadow-eaten, meanwhile, feed and feed well.

Rank Amateurs

In the darkest alleys, unholy congregations gather to perform
unspeakable deeds for the sake of power. By the light of day they
might be schoolteachers, street bums, beat cops or even clergymen.
During the full moon, however (or whenever their astrological charts
tell them the stars are right), they don their tacky robes of office and
fire up the bubbling caldrons. They draw blood from sheep, burn
holy books, destroy relics and speak the words of blasphemers, all to
draw the attention of whatever dark powers they think are out there.
The symbols and the words matter little; the intent — the passion
— is everything. It's not the thought that counts, it's the feeling.

A Spectre who answers such a call may not even understand
what in the world the humans are up to, but she'll understand the
potential font of Angst clearly enough. At present, enough
"summonings" have been made that the Hive-Mind has a pretty
good idea of what's expected, and the Nephwrack or Mortwight
who responds knows to use its Arcanoi to oblige. Blazing crucifixes,
blood dripping from the walls, or any number of other special effects
— these are examples of a Spectre giving its public what they want.

91


If all goes according to plan, the novice spirit-summoners usu-
ally fall to their knees to worship the "dark god" they have called up
from the abyss. An experienced Spectre will fall right into character
by prophesying the end of the world or simply by speaking in some
useless, dusty language — Etruscan or something else equally un-
known. Most would-be cultists buy the shtick hook, line and sinker.

Impressed by the obvious power of the "dark god from below,"
the newly minted worshipers are eager to give up anything to claim
some fleeting bit of infernal energy (and if they're not, Spectres
aren't hesitant about imposing their will upon others). What good
isa soul if you don't know what horse will win the big race tomor-
row? How can I worry about eternal life if I'm not sure my spouse is
being faithful? The "demon" usually provides the correct informa-
tion if it can — after all, it doesn't really cost the Spectre anything
to do so — but this exchange dooms the mortal. Once that first
deal is struck the mortal has taken her first step on a dark spiral of
guilt, regret and greed. Each little tidbit makes the worshiper greedy
for more, until such time as she has nothing left to give her master
and he "harvests" her to take what's been promised him.

Once a Spectre wins the confidence of her congregation, her
job is just beginning. After all, the audience is expecting a certain
type of theatrics, lines like, "Obey me, or feel my wrath!" and,
"Now your souls belong to the great Ghul'thg! Kneel and obey!"
suitably leavened with demonstrations of Pandemonium and Out-
rage. The one problem, at least from the Spectral perspective, is
that occasionally the cost of providing these bells and whistles is

' greater than the emotional profit reaped from the observers. A

clever and experienced Spectre (or one willing to make use of the
Hive-Mind's expertise) minimizes flash but maximizes effect, of-
ten by messily murdering a random cultist. After that sort of dis-
play, the worshipers almost inevitably scamper to fulfill the re-
quests of the demanding fiend by providing a full tange of favors
for their new "master." These favors include, but are certainly not
limited to, gathering new members, destroying Fetters of annoy-
ing Legionnaires and the perennial favorite: ritual suicide.

The Dark Passions created by such ill-fated buffoons can glut
a hungry Spectre, allowing him to gorge for days, months or even
years. Often, Spectres have to fend off poachers — other Spectres
who want to partake of the emotional sustenance. These battles
can play themselves out as "schisms" in the body of the cult, with
the winning side taking all — including the lives of the losers.

‘Professionals

In the absence of gifted leadership humans follow anyone who
can lead them. Spectres, being a crafty lot, are aware of this weak-
ness in the human condition and are quite willing to take advan-
tage of the naiveté of mortals. All one really needs is a suitable
level of expertise in certain Arcanoi and a suitably useful pawn.
After all, it simply costs too much energy to manifest repeatedly in
the Skinlands. No, a Spectre wishing to lead a cult must find him-
self a high priest, a mouthpiece and interpreter who can be at-

tuned as a consort and who, if properly invested with a touch of
Angst, can be relied upon to keep the herd in line.

The pawn in question doesn't need experience or even a fol-
lowing of his own at the outset. He just needs some ambition, a
touch of greed and a will of clay. However, once "gifted" by the
Spectre, the fledgling high priest must be made to feel that he has
obtained control over some infernal beast or other — that he is, in
fact, the master. This part of the design is essential, otherwise the
cult will crumble shortly. The pawn must have the confidence in
himself to convince others that he commands the forces of dark-
ness and deserves their fear and obedience. On the bright side,
letting the mortal do the ground work takes so much effort out of
corruption. Thus, with Spectral "service" the mortal gathers fol-
lowers and occasionally reveals some of his powers (see below) to
bring the doubtful into line. Soon enough, there's a buffet table of
souls for the Spectre to feed from, organized into a rough cult.

Of course, such groups cannot simply come together sponta-
neously. Wouldn't serving Oblivion be a lot easier if they did? Cer-
tainly, but that's why Spectres have mortals do all the work. It may
take a Spectre's pawn months of preaching on street corners and
hundreds of dollars in flyers before the group grows to more than a
dozen members. In the meantime, the Spectre needs only to lift
her lazy fingers when the superstitious lot demands a demonstra-
tion of power; the rest of the time it's a matter of checking on the
"high priest's" progress and skimming what Angst she can.

The dispossessed filter through all levels of mortal society. With
one truly dedicated, power-mad pawn, a Spectre can cause grief for
thousands. The flow of Angst from a well-placed pet can feed any
number of Spectres. After all, it takes only one dedicated soul to plant
abomb, cause an accident or step into a crowded restaurant and start
firing. As for the rest, they serve as shock troops and worker bees.

A Spectre's chief puppet, in return for her meritorious ser-
vice, often gets less than she'd bargained for. Usually, the Spec-
tre stretches out the terms of the deal for as long as possible and
takes his time repaying the servant, while encouraging the mor-
tal to accrue deeper and deeper "debts." In the meantime, the
puppet is exposed to the tantrums of the supposedly tamed spirit,
which can be deadly events. She might receive minor gifts from
the Spectre, but more often ends up on the receiving end of the
Spectre's outbursts and gratuitous uses of Arcanoi. And, typi-
cally, abused priests and priestesses then turn around and abuse
their flocks, creating more pain and fear to batten the Spectre.

Of course, occasionally a puppet finds herself locked up for
her crimes, or even stone-cold-dead. In these cases, the Spectre
simply finds some new strings to pull. It's rarely worth it for a
Spectre to rescue a mortal servant. Such cases are very rare and
reserved for only the most useful of playthings. Sometimes, such
tools are better off in prison anyway, where they can continue
their work with an entirely new crop of potential converts.

Powers

Individuals desperate enough to sell their souls to a Spectre
are often rewarded with powers beyond those of most mortals.
There's a catch, of course, but in the meantime pawns cursed
with gifts from a Spectre can impress the naive or the hopeless
with the flick of a wrist.

investments

In order to grant powers to their servants, Spectres must in-
vest Being into their targets. Mortals have a limited tolerance for
such unadulterated levels of emotion and tend to lose their minds
if heavily influenced. On the other hand, there are plenty of hu-
mans around, so most Spectres don't hold back. If the investment
takes, great. If not, another volunteer will be lining up shortly.

A normal mortal can absorb temporary Being up to her Will-
power with only minor effects (skin irritation, facial tics, uncontrol-
lable salivation). The Spectre must also reinvest the Being (or invest
Permanent Being), as these invested powers tend to fade over time.
On average, a point of Being fades every week. A mortal whose in-
vested Being runs out loses her invested powers, but they can be re-
gained with new investments. A permanent point of Being that is
invested becomes exactly that — permanent. Then again, most Spec-
tres prefer not to waste such precious resources on mere mortals.

If a mortal absorbs temporary Being greater than his Will-
power, even for a moment, his sanity cracks like an eggshell. The
invested powers remain, but the mind controlling them is gone.

Note: Any and all point costs of these powers (save Will-
power) come from the invested human's borrowed Being rating.
Any Angst the power produces immediately goes to feed the hov-
ering Spectre. The Being costs listed below are the costs of "gift-
ing" a mortal with the particular power. The mortal must use her
pool of Being to activate the investment. Spectres can activate an
investment only if it is specifically stated that they can do so.

Aura of Death (2 Being): The Spectre invests two points of
Being into the puppet, who now appears to be a walking zombie.
This cadaverous appearance (not to mention the fact that the
"corpse" is still walking and talking) is more than enough to strike
fear into most mortals (Willpower roll, difficulty 8, or they flee in
terror). Mortals with this power can turn it on for a single Being
point, or the Spectre can inflict it at will for the same cost once the

« LF « «
Keeping ‘Em in Line
A handful of self-lighting candles and maybe an
eerie voice from beyond settles the hash of most non-
believers. The real skeptics need their heads bashed
in with a free-floating brick. They may not live to
recant their doubts, but rest assured that everyone

who sees the incident will henceforth believe.

mortal has already been "gifted" with it. A favorite Spectral prank
involves activating the Aura of Death while the invested mortal is
engaged in sexual intercourse; the reaction usually produces enough.
Angst to make the joke worth it.

Visions from Beyond (2 Being): This simple power allows
the mortal to see into the Tempest — not the Shadowlands. She
can also reproduce these images in the minds of others with a
successful Willpower roll (difficulty equals the target's Willpower).
Images of the Tempest can disorient an inexperienced mortal,
but can also be used to impress nonbelievers. Visions from Be-
yond costs a point of Being to use.

Preacher's Charm (3 Being): The mortal invested with this
ability can easily influence the weak-willed members of her flock.
When she calls upon this power, her face grows intense, her voice
deepens to a commanding roar and all her words ring with an unde-
niable truth. The mortal adds three dice to any roll involving Lead-
ership while using this Investment, which lasts for a single scene. It
costs one point of Being for the mortal to call upon Preacher's Charm.

Limited Arcanos (5 Being): A Spectre can grant one of
her servants the first level of any Arcanos the Spectre possesses.
This investment includes the basic abilities inherent to all
Arcanoi, but does not include those Arcanoi usable only in the
Shadowlands (e.g., Argos). The mortal can possess multiple
Arcanoi, but none beyond the first level.

Fires of Hell (7 Being): The mortal able to withstand the
concomitant investment of Angst and still retain his sanity prob-
ably deserves this power. For every success on a Willpower roll
(difficulty 9), the mortal can create one cubic foot of fire. The user
can spread this baleful flame to cover a wall or engulf a target (re-
quires a Perception + Alertness roll to hit). A mortal invested
with this power must roll Willpower (difficulty 8) or lose a perma-
nent Willpower point every time he uses this ability. After three or
four uses the slave is completely insane, and she is consumed by
her own fire if her permanent Willpower ever reaches zero. This
investment costs three Being for a mortal to use.

Taints

Members of Spectre cults often manifest physical or psycho-
logical symptoms of their taint. These consequences are hardly
surprising, as extended exposure to a Spectre can drastically affect
an unprepared mortal. Many servitors of the Shadow-eaten actu-
ally welcome these effects as a sign of "infernal favor" and go out of
their way to flaunt their deformities. Others become reclusive. The
only certainty, however, is that the longer a mortal is exposed to a
Spectre without taking some sort of precaution (wardings, hedge
magics against evil and so on), the worse these taints become.

Mental Side Effects: Every time the cult holds a ritual in
which the Spectre manifests or activates her Arcanoi, she must

PISO

roll her Angst (Difficulty 8). The number of successes indicates
the number of days the mortals will be affected by one the fol-
lowing mental states: paranoia, hysteria, hallucinations, listless-
ness, depression, mania or even multiple personalities. The ef-
fects ease as time passes, but multiple rituals can reinforce these
disturbed states of mind until they become permanent.
Physical Side Effects: For every two-week period that a
Spectre manipulates a cult in
the Skinlands, she must roll

aw

him. In truth, the Doppelganger does intend to educate his hu-
man pawn — once Dr. Petiach crosses over into the Shadowlands.

Gimel Smiley: Equal parts charlatan, raw talent and fool,
Gimel knows enough parlor tricks to have assumed leadership of
an Atlanta coven of occult dabblers who call themselves "the
Knights of Blood." This clutch of melodramatic insurance sales-
men and investment brokers has met every new moon for the past
three years, to revel in Smiley's
accidental successes and gener

her current Angst (difficulty
8). The following chart indi-
cates the effect her very pres-

Exposure Effect Table

ally make fools of themselves.
Unfortunately for himself
and his followers, Gimel actually

ence has on one member of fp uecestee tte fe , succeeded a little too well about
her breed: As the effects ac- 1 Moor Erte (emul grimace, Ngee eight months back. The Knights
cumulate, both supernatural 2 Mi performed ofa ritual ofsummon-
d mbrtal forces mugewall inor Illness (influenza, measles) F
a eee y 3 Disfiguring Illness (kuru, leprosy) ing that somehow worked, call-
Deconis ee ane 4 Major Illness (cancer, stroke, heart ing forth from the Tempest a
Social Side Effects: Mor- attack) rather displeased Nephwrack.
tals who associate with Spectres 5 Sudden Handicap (blindness, When the Spectre appeared, it
are probably antisocial sorts any- cerebral palsy) immediately enthralled the en-
way, and in most cases they have 6+ Death tire order, then vanished back
few friends. Spending extensive into the storm. It left behind a
time in the company of a mani- set of orders that Gimel and his
fested Spectre isn't likely to help followers only vaguely understood.

the situation. The mortal becomes reclusive, possessive and short-
tempered, and has less and less tolerance for the company of indi-
viduals outside the cult. The result of this taint is that for every
month a mortal spends in a Spectre cult, she must succeed on a
Willpower roll (difficulty 9) or else suffer a cumulative -1 penalty to
all friendly Social rolls. If this taint goes unchecked, before long the
mortal becomes unable to interact with anyone outside the cult,
except in the most rudimentary ways.

Notable Pawns

Doctor Christopher Petiach: Petiach, a professor in the religion
department at the University of Buffalo, studies the paranormal. His
research has led him to a reasonably accurate understanding of life
after death. What Petiach's department head doesn't know is that most
of this information has come from a Spectre, who was more than
ready to educate the good professor in the lore of the Underworld.
Rather than publish his findings, the Doctor, influenced by the
Doppelganger who discovered him, began to recruit more and more
students into his postgraduate studies programs. The Spectre has, in
tum, influenced and twisted each of these students to his own ends.

The good professor and his master have subverted only eight
students thus far, but their recruits are increasing geometrically.
Neither the university authorities nor the Buffalo Citadel knows
of the growing threat at the university, and as such Petiach and his
mentor can operate with relative freedom. The professor earnestly
believes that the Spectre will reveal the secrets of immortality to

These days, the Knights of Blood serve this creature with a
diet of fear and pain wrung from young college students and club-
hoppers whom the cult members abduct. Some of the Knights
are discovering in themselves a taste for this sort of thing; others
are struggling feebly to break free from the Spectre's control.

Alison Kind: While most Spectres control their mortal pawns,
no Spectre has gotten the better of Alison Kind. The daughter of
an Arcanum scholar, she discovered her late father's mystical tomes
early in her life and studied them intensely. Alison wasn't content
to sit on her father's laurels, however, and added to her collection
of occult books until it rivaled any in North America.

Cautious and clever, Ms. Kind summons Spectres and
wraiths alike to do her bidding. She prefers Spectres because of
their tendency to obey quickly and fall in line with a minimum
of struggle. What Alison doesn't realize, though, is that the mem-
bers of the Hive-Mind are more than willing to lend themselves
out to her, so long as she becomes theirs in the end.

Alison is very jealous of her power, and removes any other
supernatural influences from the western Massachusetts town
where she lives. Even local hedge magicians have received
visits from Kind's corps of Spectral hunters, and the survivors
of such attentions invariably move out of town: However, she's
calling on one particular Doppelganger of late, and this Max-
well Carpenter is whispering in her ear that Hadley isn't big
enough for her, that she ought to be expanding her opera-
tions. Both the living and the Dead should worry that she's
paying more and more heed to these unholy suggestions.

Chapter Five: The Godly and the Damned 95
ee 4 pee 3 ~ 1 |


In the beginning...

In the beginning, the elders say, everything was water. There was
no life, no land, no living things. Then Coyote came, and he was bored
by the water. He dived into the water, and from the mud he found at the
bottom, he created land, mountains, the animals...and man.

And he made man mortal.

— Crow Creation Legend

Chapter Six: From Obsidian Nights

Oh yes, I remember a spirit coming to me some
years back — so desperate was he! He told me he
needed my help, and he came to me each night for
three moons. Normally, I contact a spirit myself when
I need guidance or to converse with the Great One. I
make peace at every sunrise and sunset with my guides.
I leave food for them, then I sit quietly and wait for
them to come to me. Sometimes I wait for hours, days...
but they always come. Sometimes one needs me, but
that is rare, for I'm not as strong as I was in my younger
days. Back then I could command any number of spir-

its, I never waited. | was always sought afte:

they'd
come for me at any time of day, seeking help or ven-
geance or some task only I could perform.
What? Oh yes, once a wasichu spirit came to me,

He came to me every night for five
moons, moaning and wailing; he was so loud! And so
unhappy. Murdered, he said he was murdered, and he
wanted me to help find his killer. Such a sight he was!
Pale, even for a wasichu. He talked to me for hours
and hours.

Ltook pity on him, for he came to me every night
for five moons. Yes, I helped him. I chanted for him,
bringing the powers of the earth and night to my aid.
They came, yes, and carried him off to a peaceful place,
put him to rest they did. | have slept soundly ever
since then, knowing the boy is sleeping at peace.

James Horn, Tlingit elder

There were ghosts across the North American continent long
before the first European set foot here — and obviously long be-
fore the Legion of the Black Hawk first raised a Stygian standard
in the New York Necropolis. Part and parcel of the existence of
ghosts is ghostly interaction with the living, and Native Ameri-
cans have long had their own ways of communicating with the
Restless Dead. These methods, and indeed, the very perception of
the Dead, vary from region to region across the continent, but one
thing is certain: Dealings with Native American mediums are very
different ftom what the average Stygian wraith might expect.

Ie Dark Kingdom of Flint

utsiders divide the American Shadowlands
into three Dark Kingdoms, those of Gold,
Obsidian and Flint. Stygian cartographers,
when they create maps for this "ancient"
history, assign to the Kingdom of Flint all of
the lands north of the Rio Grande. Imposed
as it is from outside, this division is, of course,
arbitrary and inaccurate. In the Shadowlands above the Rio

Mediums

Grande (and the Underworld beyond) there are roughly five large
power blocs of Native American wraiths: the Iroquois Nation,
the Council of Tribes, the Cherokee Nation, the People of Peace
and the Inuit. These groups exist in reasonable harmony, both in
the Shadowlands and on the Tempest islands where the majority
of Native American wraiths have withdrawn.

However, there is no "Flint King," nor is there a standing
army of Native American Legionnaires poised to march on
Stygia's Necropoli. Instead, these Deadlands are a complicated
place, and a place not easily reached by outsiders. Indeed, most
Stygian wraiths give no thought to the wraiths the Heretics (and
later the Legions) displaced, and it frankly hasn't crossed most of
their minds that there was anyone dead here before them. As for
those few Stygian wraiths who do know something of history,
the consensus is that the Native American wraiths are either
long gone or assimilated into Stygian society.

Obviously, there's more to it than that. There always is.

Geography

Today, the vast majority of wraiths of Native American an-
cestry dwell on a series of stable islands within the Tempest that
are connected by safe and easily accessible Byways. Pathways
between these islands and the Shadowlands, however, are diffi-
cult to find, which prevents unwanted visitors — or Legions —
from finding their way to the Islands of Flint. Interestingly enough,
while these lands are ineluctably islands — many wraiths have
sailed around them in the Tempest — there always seems to be
just enough room on them to support the Islands' population.

The links to the Shadowlands that the Islands of Flint do
maintain are kept up for the purpose of sustaining tradition and
Fetters back in the Skinlands. There are few places, even on the
Reservation Lands, where the Kingdom of Flint is strong: burial
mounds, holy sites (often coincidental with Garou Caerns) and
battlegrounds including Wounded Knee and the Little Big Hom
River. Only the expanses of the Great Plains harbor a sizeable
number of Native American wraiths; the rest of the continent
has been thoroughly assimilated by the Stygian paradigm. Offi-
cial Stygian policy holds that these places where the Native
wraiths are strong are Spectre-haunted, and it advises Stygian
citizens to avoid them. The reason is that Stygian troops who go
in large numbers to such locales don't find anything, and when
they go out singly or in small groups, they're never found again.

Because of this arrangement, however, it is highly unlikely
that anyone — medium or wraith — is going to encounter a
Native American wraith. However, there's a decent chance that
a Stygian wraith is going to meet a Native American medium of
one stripe or another. After all, these are men and women of real
power, and there's nothing that says they have to speak to only
one type of deceased soul. The trick is in making sure that the
contact goes well enough for the wraith to survive it and speak
with the medium again another day.

SY a re


ANote on Souls

The primary reason that the five Councils cur-

rently tolerate the Stygian presence is an economic
one. While rendering the soul of a member of the
(greater) tribe is anathema to a Native American
wraith, there are no such moral compunctions when
it comes to Stygian ghosts.

In the language of the Islands of Flint, as in Na-
vaho, there are two words for "soul." The first, which
is used for human souls, refers to the word for "tribes-

man." The other means, literally, "meat."

Shamans:
Your Not-So-friendly Neighborhood Mediums

here is a world of difference between the
y| perception of what a shaman is and the re-
j| ality. A shaman is not just a "medicine
man," although most shamans are also heal-
| ers. Yet they do more than just cure the in-
gee] firm — true shamans contact spirits and
ghosts for any number of reasons. Shamans
go through lifelong training to deal with these powerful beings;
they must learn to see and hear spirits, mainly through visions.

Aside from being healers, shamans are also protectors. They
are responsible for appeasing the spirits, thus ensuring good crops
and hunting for their tribes. At present, good hunting is perhaps
not as necessary as it used to be, but the practice of appeasing
spirits to provide for a tribe is still a vital one.

Shamans can also curse individuals, living or Dead, and
they can visit their wrath on anyone who offends them. They
can cause illness as easily as they cure it and can also inflict
mental illness either temporarily or permanently.

Most Native American mediums have a particular spirit guide
with whom they have a working relationship, and they may not want
to go outside that arrangement. Furthermore, few enjoy being both-

Spirits, Dreamspeakers and Mediums

A true shaman is defined by her ability to con-

its and ghosts, and by the ecstatic state she

tact sp
enters while making such contact. While some Na-

tive American shamans are also Awakened mages of

the Dreamspeaker Tr:

Jition, such mages are far from
a majority. Most shamans use what the Traditions
would define as "hedge magic" or simple knacks

(Merits and Flaws) to work their wills.

Doing Business with the Living

When approaching a shaman for help of any kind,

you need to have prepared in detail your reasons for want-

ing to contact a spirit or wraith. Explain your cause and

be patient, because you may not get your answer for days.
If the shaman agrees to work with you, do exactly what
he says, no matter what he asks for or how absurd his
requests seem. Never argue, even if you're asked to stand
on your head under the light of a full moon for three
hours or something else that sounds equally ridiculous.
Make sure to present an offering each time you see the
medium and also bring something you can offer the spirit
or wraith you want to contact. To do otherwise is to dem-
onstrate disrespect, and you must show the greatest re-
spect possible for both spirit and medium, which includes
being honest in thought and deed. Shamans and their
guides are adept at spotting a dishonest or flawed heart,
so you may be required to purify yourself in some way
before you can even begin the ceremony of contact

don't argue. If you do, the arrangement will most likely
be off — and that's if you're lucky.

Always remember that shamans contact spirits for
like evol

important reasons only! Thin ng protection,

especially in battle, lifting curses and curing illnesses are
sufficiently important reasons; asking pointless questions,
exchangi sip or passing along endearments are not.
If the shaman or spirit gets offended, all bets are off and

you may find yourself in t deal of trouble.

ered by uppity spirits seeking minor favors, anda wraith who annoysa
medium can find himselfbound toa pile of corpse powder — or worse.

Tips to Remember When Dealing with a
Shaman

| — Be respectful

All shamans work hard to attain their power, and they usually
have attitudes to match. Do not show them arrogance or impatience.
Speak softly and politely. Laugh at any jokes they tell. Treat them like
the powerful people they know themselves to be. Remember to bring
offerings. If you've forgotten to bring a gift, give something that you
have with you, or tell the shaman where to find something valuable if
you don't have anything on you. Always offer something.

2—Where you find shamans, you find wraiths

If you're alive, this doesn't matter so much. If you're dead,
you could suddenly find yourself obliterated. Play nice! Re-

Chapter Six: From Obsidian Nights 99


member, the wraiths of murdered Native Americans gener-
ally don't like white people, not even a little bit and not even
dead ones. They never have, and may not ever like you, no
matter how cute you think you are. Watch your mouth; it's
easier than watching your back.

3—Be careful

If you're out talking to a Native American shaman, odds
are you're not on your home turf anymore. You must learn the
tules and regulations of the Native American wraith world as
you go. Failure to do so can get you expelled at best, obliter-
ated at worst. Don't pretend to have knowledge you don't. A
shaman who catches you in a lie will make you regret it.

General Beliefs and Customs;

Things Youd Better Know Before Venturing into
Native Territory

The sun is slowly departing,

It is slower in its setting,

Black bats will be swarming when the sun is gone,

That is all.

The spirit children are beneath,

They are moving back and forth,

They roll in play among tufts of white eagle down,

That is all.

— Papago, "The Sunset"

Everything in the Native American's world, whether it be a hu-
man, an animal or evenatree, hasaspirit. Weather, the Earth, the sky
—all these things and more are considered spirits. Spirits take many
roles as well; there are spirit guides, protectors, advisors and watchers.
Spirits can take on any form, and most of these forms aren't human. A
wraith could pass herself off as any one of these spirits, but a smart
wraith knows better than to try. The consequences of getting caught
are too dire. Other methods of contact, such as a formal presentation
during a vision, are far less likely to draw a shaman's ire.

Ghosts occupy a rather lowly position in the Native Ameri-
can spirit pantheon, primarily because most tribes believe a ghost
to be someone who was not buried properly or who died improp-
erly, and is therefore trapped. There is little sympathy for anyone
who so ignored the teachings of the living spirits of earth and wa-
ter that either they or their family failed to observe the ritual as-
pects of death. As such, wraiths, especially wasichu ones, don't get
much respect. However, many tribes also believe that death is just
a door into a life much like the one they lead in the Skinlands.
Members of these tribes either pity wraiths or fear them because of
wraiths' reputed powers to cause sickness and disease maliciously.

Native American wraiths have a fairly relaxed attitude about
all of this behavior. They know that many of their tribesmen will
join them soon enough and learn on the other side those truths

100 Mediums

that must be learned. Wraiths who cannot adopt this die-and-
let-live attitude are the ones who cause the greatest problems for
the living and create fear of the Restless among the Quick.

Legendry

For hundreds of years, Native Americans have passed
down stories of life after death, of the places souls go when
the body dies. After all, souls don't always stay at rest, nor are
they always peaceful. Many legends tell of ghosts returning to
protect family members, to warn of coming catastrophe or to
punish deserving sinners. Others tell of enemies coming back
for vengeance, to place curses on generations of families, and
even to cause disease that wipes out entire family lines.

Many tribes have surprisingly accurate tales about the afterlife,
and they spin stories in which everything belonging to ghosts is
broken and destroyed. The Hopi, for example, tell the tale of the
boy who went to Skeleton House to learn about the dead. He is
given some medicine and his body is prepared for burial. Then he
"dies" and finds himselfon a road. The road leads toa place of smoke,
where the dead are destroyed, and to the Skeleton House, where the
good chiefs led their people after death. These skeletons live poorly,
consuming only the scent or essence of food, but they are not un-
happy. Their houses are broken and the ladders are made of sun-
flower stems so that the boy cannot climb them, He sees some dwellers
in the Skeleton House carrying great burdens as punishment, and
others whose chiefs have brought great medicine across to help them
in the afterlife; this latter group is living well. The skeletons tell the
boy that they can trade with the living. They ask the boy to go back
to his people and make prayer offerings. They tell him that they can
cause the rain to fall and the crops to grow. He does so. The Hopi
make such offerings to this day.

Another tale, this one from the Chinook, tells of a ghost
who buys a human wife and of her brother who follows her to the
land of the Dead. The Ghost Village is rotting and covered in
moss. The people are just piles of bones. When night falls, these
skeletons come to life and the young man, who doesn't believe he
isin the Ghost Village, plays tricks on them. He makes loud noises
that frighten them, and during the day he rearranges their bones.
His sister tells him, over and over, where he is and that these are
ghosts, but he does not believe her, even as objects that he knows
are dead — leaves, branches and logs — become fish and game in
the hands of the Dead. Eventually, he leaves the Ghost Village,
but because he does not listen to his sister, he dies crossing the
burning prairies that divide the land of the living from that of the
Dead. When he returns to the Ghost Village, he sees everything as
being whole and complete there. The skeletons remember him
and remember his teasing, and their magicians drive him mad.

Contact

A wraith who approaches a medium from a Native Ameri-
can culture will not have great difficulty explaining the afterlife
to the shaman; odds are that the medium already has a pretty

<a

NN

good idea of what's on the other side. The shaman, however,
may not trust the wraith's motives for coming to the Skinlands
and asking for help. An enterprising wraith will do some re-
search into specific beliefs and customs before he ventures into a
foreign territory to seek help from these peoples. Remembering
these general beliefs and customs will help.

Tribal structure is often similar among the Native Ameri-
can living and Dead, but a Native American medium of one
tribe will have contacts among the Dead ofa large group of tribes,
as these souls have put aside their differences in the afterlife.
This détente exists mostly as a response to the invasion by the
Europeans; the different tribes, seeing factionalism's damage
among the Quick, realize that survival depends on their ability
to form common goals and to settle differences quietly. Also,
Native mediums have contact with "reputable" spirits, such as
the spirits of animals, trees, living animals and archetypes.

The basic groups of the Restless Tribes are geographical:
the Southeast tribes include the Cherokee Nation; the North-
east tribes are mostly controlled by the League of the Iroquois;
the Nomadic or Plains tribes have formed the Council of
Tribes; among the desert people of the Southwest the phi-
losophy of the People of Peace is predominant and the North-
west tribes are loosely associated as the Inuit.

Mediums of the Southeast

Notable Tribes: Cherokee, Catawba, Chickasaw,
Choctaw, Creek, Natchez, Shawnee and Shoshone

So, you've decided to come down to the sunny Southeast, per-
haps the coastline or the woodlands? Here you'll surely find someone
to listen to you, but not necessarily someone who'll help someone like
you. Perhaps you've come, as others have, chasing those rumors of
great wealth and knowledge? Be prepared for disappointment. The
shamans are strong here, true, but they don't necessarily like to share.

Members of many southeastern tribes do have a general-
ized fear of the Dead, but they're especially concerned about
dead enemies. If a medium from one of these tribes has rea-
son to be concerned about a wraith, he will immediately call
on help from any friendly wraiths or guides in his vicinity. If
he believes he has an enemy among the Dead, he has to deal
with the possibility that this enemy may cause sickness in
him or his loved ones. In such cases, a wraith who can deal
with the threat becomes a friend to the shaman.

Cherokee mediums are possibly the shamans most re-
ceptive to visitors from the wasichu Netherworld. Many of
them live and work among white people and do small cures
and favors for their neighbors. The Cherokee are also the
most populous of the southeastern tribes, meaning that there
are simply more Cherokee mediums to be found.

Among the Cherokee, it is important thatall spirits be treated
extremely well, especially ghosts. According to tradition, even the

tiniest slights may cause ghosts to become angry, so Cherokee sha-
mans offer them tobacco or other herbs early and often. A Chero-
kee shaman welcomes such offerings from anyone who seeks his
help, as such items are the currency he uses to deal with the Dead.

The Shoshone are talented exorcists. Ifa wraith has attached
himself to a person who goes to one of these spiritualists, most
shamans should be able to exorcise the ghost and banish its soul
from the Shadowlands; they're extremely adept at finding and
smashing Fetters.

Sally DancingRain

Though born to the Creek, Sally DancingRain is well known
by all the tribes in the region. She's studied with each of them at
various times in her life, and most folks who are in the know hold
her in high regard. Mortals or wraiths can best contact her by drop-
ping word into the grapevine at one of the many reservations in
the area. She travels, so she's hard to follow, but once a client finds
her, she'll usually help out. A wraith who offers her kind words and
a promise to come to her aid if she ever needs it (she won't) gains
astrong ally who is always willing to hear his wails.

thes gra

Mediums of the Northeast

Notable Tribes: Delaware, Iroquois, Mohawk and
Ojibwa

You must have been desperate to come up here, or maybe
you're just lost? You will be hard-pressed to find a spiritualist will-
ing to contact the Dead in this area. Few exist. Help is rarely
given, in fact almost never. What's worse, these tribes don't really
hear you, wraith. And they don't want to. It's just not done.

In order to obtain insight into the spirit realm, spiritualists
of the Iroquois and their neighboring tribes often fast for days.
They prostrate themselves before nature and beg the spirits to
take pity upon them and grant them a vision. In this state, a
competent shaman sees any spirits in the area, including wraiths.

These spiritualists are susceptible to supernatural interven-
tion and prepare themselves mentally to see and hear the calls
from beyond. Naturally, the wraith of a dead person, especially
one not of their tribe, is not a welcome vision. A strong and
experienced spiritualist already has many spirits protecting her
and guiding her visions, which makes wasichu interference in
her vision a chancy proposition at best. However, a weak or in-
experienced shaman might well be fooled by a wraith and con-


TRANS OS

vinced to help the ghost. Abuses of Phantasm for purposes of
altering visions are also useful in this sort of deception.

A ghost approaching a medium from this neck of the woods
should disguise himself as any other kind of spirit — earth, water,
sky, animal — besides human. Members of these tribes just don't
pay attention to the human Dead, and a ghost attempting to get
a shaman's attention is simply going to be ignored. Only those
ghosts who successfully impersonate other kinds of spirits stand a
chance of gaining aid from these mediums. Even then, the wraith
can never reveal his true nature, or he risks losing his working
relationship with the medium.

Renegade Mediums

There is supposedly a small band of Ojibwa spiritualists who
have broken away from tradition in order to work with ghosts,
and the legend of these mediums grows in the telling. According
to rumor, these spiritualists are willing to work with wraiths who
are demonstrably worthy of assistance, not to mention patient.
A wraith seeking the assistance of this band of mediums must
travel far from the Necropoli and spend a week or two in the
Shadowland remnants of the northeastern forests. It is likely that
shamans observe a wraith for the duration of his wait, so he bet-
ter be polite. Any gratuitous effects he imposes on the surround-
ing environment mark the wraith as unworthy of help, even if it
is the wraith's Shadow who commits those actions.

Rumor has it that these mediums trade mostly in visions —
sharing, inducing and interpreting them. In return, they look for
information, or wraiths willing to learn their traditions and work
with them. It is believed that the latter is infinitely preferable
but, understandably, there's no proof either way — nor is there
likely to be any, at least not soon.

Mediums of the Southwest

Notable Tribes: Hopi, Navaho, Zuni

Looking for someone who traffics with the Dead in the Desert
Southwest? Listen for the wailing of relatives who stand watch for
Indians bearing large gifts. Look for corpses that have had their
palms and the bottoms of their feet sliced off. These are signs that
there is an Ilowaga in the area.

Among the tribes of the southwestern deserts, ghosts, medi-
ums, visions, and spirit conversations are taboo subjects of con-
versation. The Navaho, in particular, fear the Dead, for they be-
lieve that to contact the Dead is to invite Ghost Sickness, insan-
ity, and death. Which is not to say that an enterprising wraith or
mortal cannot contact these people; it is just a question of find-
ing the right one, or rather, the right shaman.

However, Navaho, Zuni and Hopi witches all expect the
same thing from a ghost: information. After all, these mediums
already have power: They can infect people with certain illnesses,

and, supposedly, some can even fly. It is rumored that among the
witches there are even individuals who can change their form to
that of a wolf or dog. Thus, these mediums are greatly feared,
and among the Navaho, they are also hunted.

A wraith approaching a southwestern witch must offer the
gift of information: where people are and what people are doing.
The more information a wraith can provide, the better. Do people
around have any silver, and how much if they do? How did you find
them and how did you know to come here? Most importantly, do other
people know of their existence? Did someone tell you to come here?
What are people saying about this area? Are you alone? Is there any-
one else coming here? How exactly did you get here, anyway? In
exchange, the witch uses her powers to fulfill the wraith's re-
quests, assuming the information is worth the trouble.

The danger of dealing with these people comes from their
power. Among the Navaho, a ceremonial dance to cure some-
one of the Ghost Sickness takes the ghost from the person and
disperses it to the Four Winds (in reality, the ceremony dumps
the wraith right into a Harrowing). According to the Hopi, a
witch can bind the soul of a person into a ceremonial item, such
asa doll or beads of bone, and use it to cause suffering among his
people through the power of the Dead. However, being so bound
isn't exactly pleasant for the wraith, and is likely to feed the
wraith's Shadow tremendous amounts of Angst.

Once again, in dealing with these Native American spiri-
tualists, the trick is to pretend to be something other than
the disembodied soul of a human being. The southwestern
tribes aren't fond of ghosts, for by their reckoning, ghosts are
vile, dirty beings. Then again, the living who deal with ghosts
aren't much liked either. Witches are hated and feared, and
they are often executed late at night, with accompanying cer-
emonies to clear the area of any lurking evil spirits.

Hopi and Zuni: The Pueblo People

The Hopi have four classes of powaga, or witches. All powaqa
bring misfortune to others and are best sought only by people
who want to spread a little strife in the world. The first class is
the least accomplished, and powaga of this type have no great
power. They can cast minor curses (like a temporary illness), but
otherwise they aren't worth the effort required to find them. Sec-
ond- and third-class powagas are accordingly powerful, but not
necessarily willing or able to help wraiths. And then there are
the fourth-level powagas, creatures of fear and power.

Mediums of this level extend their lifetimes with the lives of
other people. They must cause the deaths of their relatives in order
toprolong their own lives (the death of a girl gives them four years of
life and that of a boy, two years). Thus, these powagas are always
looking to tum a wraith against their own kin and they cut any sort
of deal with a ghost to obtain the services of the Dead. Of course,
whether the powaga actually keeps his end of the bargain is a differ-
ent matter entirely...

Chapter Six: From Obsidian Nights 103


Wil

i)
"

qhe Navaho

Among the Navaho, there are three groups of mediums:
those who walk with beauty, the yatali; those who do not, the
skinwalkers; and the crystal gazers.

The skinwalkers are witches, and not pleasant ones at that.
Using corpse powder or bone beads, they infect people around
them with the Ghost Sickness, driving their victims to insanity
and death. Skinwalkers make corpse powder by slicing the palms
of the hands, the soles of the feet and the glans of the penis (if
applicable) from a corpse. These parts of the skin, which contain
the imprint of the person's life, enslave the deceased's chindi, or
Shadow, to the will of the skinwalker and channel and concen-
trate the chindi's malice in physical form.

Corpse powder can be blown onto the victim, placed in
food or drink or otherwise used to infect the victim with the
Ghost Sickness. Bone beads, made from human bone, have a
similar effect. When used properly, they are blown into the
victim's skin and curse the victim.

Ghost Sickness is a wasting illness that generally kills its
victim by destroying her soul. Once Ghost Sickness infects a
victim, she loses Willpower at the rate of one point a day.
This point goes to feed the chindi of the ghost who's tied up in
the corpse powder or bone beads; each point of Willpower
drained becomes a point of Permanent Angst for the chindi.

There are two means by which one gets rid of the affliction.
The victim's family can summon a yatali; he can perform the proper
ceremonial song, and the Ghost Sickness is either banished, which
results in the recovery of the victim, or not. If the Ghost Sickness
is not caused by corpse powder, the family can call a crystal gazer.
The crystal gazer (if he knows what he's doing) cuts a slit in the
victim and removes the infecting bone bead by sucking it out. To
complete the cure, however, the bone bead must be blown back
into the witch (preferably with a shotgun).

Skinwalkers offer a multitude of services to malicious-
minded wraiths: they can infect victims with disease or bind
the souls of others, and they have a knack for applying curses.
However, wraiths of the Dark Kingdom of Flint tend to avoid
skinwalkers; generally, only wasichu wraiths are unlucky
enough to stumble upon these workers of evil.

Crystal gazers are not avoided, possibly because this pan-
tribal medium group's methods are not considered tradition-
ally powerful among the Navaho. The same tribesman who
believes in the healing powers of a singer scoffs at a crystal
gazer and dismisses her powers as superstition. However, su-
perstition or not, crystal gazers have certain abilities, not the
least of which is a mild gift for prophecy. Crystal gazers' abil-
ity to see ghosts is equivalent to the Merit: Small Gift.

A crystal gazer performs his art by looking into a bowl of
water and allowing visions of trouble to appear to him. In many
ways, these mediums are a combination of a gypsy fortuneteller
and a traditional Plains-style shaman. Crystal gazers' powers are

104 Nediums

limited, but they do not have the same problems with ghosts
that other Native Americans might. An exchange of informa-
tion with a crystal gazer might produce willingness on his part to
act as a wraith's earthly agent. For example, a wraith who knows
that someone has been infected by corpse powder might com-
municate with a crystal gazer to get his knowledge across the
Shroud, and perhaps lead the victim to the witch, as well. In
return, the crystal gazer might agree to use nonsupernatural means
to communicate with others on the wraith's behalf.

Icis said that among the Navaho yatali, or singers, there are
individuals who can see the Dead and do not fear or hate them.
A wraith or mortal who can find such mediums (they do not
advertise their beliefs to outsiders) and follow a few simple rules
may be able to convince them to perform a ceremony.

The rules are simple. First, never point at a Navaho or look
directly into his face for too long. Second, whatever gifts you
bring should be substantial and of benefit to all of his tribe (such
as information or modern medical equipment). Third, do not
expect an answer to your request immediately. It may be a few
days before you get a response. The ceremonies of the Navaho
have enormous healing power but also require tremendous prepa-
ration. A chant performed for a wraith works as well as a chant
performed fora living person. Thus, a wraith who is having trouble
controlling his Shadow or a mortal who believes that an inimi-
cal wraith is psychically attacking her can request an enemy way
sing or a ghost way sing to be cured, at least momentarily.

For wraiths who don't wish to risk direct contact with a me-
dium in this area, another tactic is to attend a sing and see what
other wraiths arrive. Those wraiths who care about the individuals
getting the sing are sure to show up and lend their help to the
singer in effecting the cure. It is rumored that among these wraiths
are found the spirits of great singers and other medicine men of the
past. Sufficiently humble petitioners might learn from them dream
mending or other, more arcane means of assisting the Quick.

Mediums of the Northwest

Notable Tribes: Aleuts, Chinook, Coos, Inuit,
Kwakiutl, Lumni, Tlingit, Tshimshian and Yakima

If all you really want is a mortal friend, go on up to the Northwest.
Among these tribes, a ghost is a very common sight. Everybody sees
them, not just the shamans, and everyone believes in ghosts and their
powers. Shamans ask them about the weather, about other dead rela-
tives, about the animals, about the white man, about everything. For
this reason, in order to get to a shaman in the Northwest, you have to
wait in line behind all of the deceased relatives who might have a message
to pass on or a task that they want performed. It's a trial, to say the least.
Take a number, get comfy and prepare to wait your tum.

This territory is the best place to find sympathetic listeners
willing to help wraiths. However, the living expect to get a little
information in return or at least a promise to look into some-
thing. In exchange, a ghost can expect mundane tasks to be per-


NAS

formed, if his reasons are good enough. Huge tasks should be
taken to other territories, unless the wraith is willing to wait
months or possibly years for the entire process to grind to its
completion. Still, if ghost is patient, he can find more and easier
assistance here than anywhere else on the continent.

The mediums of this area have numerous contacts among
ghosts, many of whom were legendary hunters in life and now
continue that tradition in death. Specific requests, such as searches
for a particular Artifact or wraith, can be dealt with here; the
medium just passes the request along to one of his deceased ac-
quaintances. These mediums do expect payment in information
up front (strictly as a gesture of good faith, of course), but once
they have what they want, they get to work with a will.

Old Standing fire

According to the legends, Old Standing Fire is still out there
somewhere, waiting for anyone smart enough to find him and polite
enough to ask him the right questions. The story goes that he is as
oldas the wind and twice as strong, but it's been so long since anyone's
actually seen him that he may be capable of anything at this point
— assuming he's still alive. The stories, however, claim that he's an
extremely powerful medium, and that he is helpful and, more im-
portantly, exceedingly fast when it comes to contacting the spirits of
the Dead. He is highly sought after, not only for his ability to contact
spirits with great ease, but also because he takes any task asked of
him. A requester' motives and her reasons for these tasks don't matter

to him; if he likes someone, he'll take her job immediately, if only
because she was able to find him. He won't ask many questions
either, because he really doesn't care to know.

Because of his past dealings with some unsavory charac-
ters, not to mention his rather blasé attitude, he is not on
good terms with his tribe, which means that he practices on
his own. However, it's been more than ten years since anyone
raised a complaint against him, so even his old tribe isn't ac-
tively looking for him anymore.

Despite the old stories, Old Standing Fire is not as dangerous as
popular beliefs would make him out to be. His specialty is locating
wraiths, no matter how far away an individual may be. Alll a postu-
lant needs to offer him is part of anything she's carrying, and any
information he may need, perhaps news on where he can find some
needed article of clothing or a bottle of whiskey. He does have a
great love for sugar, so if someone really wants to impress him, she
should try to bring any kind of candy (or at least the rumor of where
some is). If he does ask fora soul, be assured he's only joking; accord-
ing to reliable sources he hasn't taken one in over two decades. He
claims to have retired from the slave trade, anyway.

Mediums of the Plains

Notable Tribes: Apache, Arikara, Blackfoot, Crow,
Hidatsa, Mandan, Osage and Sioux


Do you need a stalker? Someone who has learned, over the
centuries, to penetrate the city as if it were a forest and take a
wraith as easily as if it were a deer? Go to the shamans of the
Plains Indians and prepare to barter. Do you seek to become a
spirit guide for your people (whoever they may be)? Go to the
shamans, your one-stop shopping source for spirit contacts.

The Plains are the best place to trade souls for goods, or to
find hired killers among the Dead. It is also the most dangerous
of the territories for wasichu wraiths. Here, Necropoli are few
and far between, and Native American wraiths are present in
strength. Still, even here help is available from shamans and other
mystics — assuming that help is asked for very, very politely.

Plains shamans traffic with wraiths on a regular basis, as
these mediums have never been reluctant to contact the Dead.
They have no deep-seated fears of ghosts and believe fully in
wraiths' existence and (especially) their uses. They have no
hesitations in trading with wraiths, and they are usually will-
ing to help ghosts who show proper respect. Disrespectful
wraiths, however, can expect obliteration at the hands of these
shamans; they don't suffer fools or incompetents gladly.

The terms "shaman" and "medicine man" are loose ones
here. They actually describe several categories of mediums in
the Plains Indian religions: the priest or holy man, the doctor
and the war chief. Each of these types of medium has a spe-
cific role and each is of use to a wraith or human only insofar
as the details of his job description allow him to be.

106

Mediums

The Ancients

Known in white history simply as the Three Tribes, the
Ancients include the Arikara, Mandan and Hidatsa.

The Arikara are among the oldest Native American tribes,
and they live on the same reservation they were moved to back
in the early 1800s. They live with the Mandan and the Hidatsa,
as, over the years, the three tribes have intermingled to the point
where they're practically indistinguishable.

The Ancients' methods of dealing with ghosts are based
in ceremony and ritual, and these tribes don't do anything
without both. Visitors should be prepared to make many of-
ferings, take part in a ceremony and perhaps even participate
in a dance if they're lucky. Rare mortal visitors may have to
make a burial structure out of wood and mud. The Mandan
are especially fond of such projects. Being asked to take part
in any of these things is a good sign; it indicates that the
Ancients are likely to give whatever is requested of them —
as long as the requester is properly respectful.

An interesting talent possessed by members of these tribes
is "soul keeping." This ritual requires a hair plucked from the
head of a corpse (that of the wraith to be "kept"). The cer-
emony binds the wraith to the single hair. This ritual binds
the wraith so tightly that he is unable to stray from the spot
where the hair is located, even to escape into the Tempest.


—S

ace

Furthermore, the magicked hair becomes a 5-point Fetter,
which means that the wraith can't even attempt to destroy
the source of his imprisonment without wounding himself
grievously as well.

A variation on soul keeping is also used in the care of
dead relatives. It is a gesture of respect, a way to appease the
spirit and ensure its safe passage to the realms where relatives
and happiness await. However, the vast majority of the soul
keeping done by these mediums is done to bind and imprison
wraiths, perhaps to press them into service as part of a ru-
mored black market in the souls of the Dead.

qhe Wandering Tribes

For the wraith (or human) who is hounded by Spectres
or other enemies, a medicine man of these tribes has the
power to control or at least drive off bad spirits. He does so
by communing with other spirits and asking that they lend
their strength to his, or by using herbs to set up wards and
interdictions against malefic wraiths. A wraith can gain the
help of these shamans in several ways, such as leading the
way to places where specific herbs grow, acting as a messen-
ger or helping the shaman to fight other spirits. The best
way to communicate with a medicine man is through his
dreams and visions; contacts made in this fashion are gener-
ally more favorably received than those made through Em-
body or Pandemonium.

A Priest, on the other hand, does not merely deal with death
or with disease. To his tribe, the Priest is the most powerful of all
spiritualists, capable of returning a wraith to its body, finding lost
children or buffalo, foretelling the future and other astounding
feats of magic. Obviously, in order to accomplish all these things,
the Priest must risk communication with a large number of wraiths
and spirits, and for this reason a Priest is both an easier and a
more dangerous contact for a wraith to have. For while the Priest
is less likely to dismiss a wraith's overtures entirely, he is also
more likely to regard any individual ghostly ally as replaceable,
not to mention expendable.

Pan-Jribal Religions

There are three large pan-tribal religious groups extant
among Native Americans today. These three groups are the
Ghost Dance, the Native American Church (which combines
elements of Native American and Christian beliefs), and the
Sun Dance. Little is known about the Sun Dance, other than
the fact that it is widely known and practiced.

Wraiths affiliated with these groups dwell in both Na-
tive and European sections of the Shadowlands. Furthermore,

: ARN AOS 0022

powerful mediums are sometimes practitioners of these reli-
gions and have their own relationships with the Dead.

qhe Ghost Dance

The Ghost Dance, in its most general form, was a dance
performed with the explicit goal of raising the Dead. Proponents
of the dance believed that once the ritual was performed, the
souls of Indians slain by whites would come back to help all tribes
unify and live in peace with one another. The rumor that these
ghosts were to be brought back to kill whites was an invention of
the American Government and was the purest propaganda.

The dance was first practiced from the spring of 1890
until early 1891. The dancers wore "ghost shirts" — painted
shirts covered with prayer symbols — that were supposedly
impregnable to bullets (they weren't). The dance itself was
performed in a continuing circle, but it was never completed
as intended, due to the massacre on December 29, 1890 at
Wounded Knee, South Dakota. Whether or not it would have
worked if completed is anyone's guess, though official Stygian
policy is, not surprisingly, that the entire notion is hogwash.

It is rumored that, at times, you can still see long-dead
dancers practicing at night near Wounded Knee. Stygia has
long warned wraiths away from Wounded Knee and the site
of the massacre, as there is supposedly a dangerous Nihil bub-
bling away there. Of course, that could be just a ruse to keep
those lands clear of interfering wasichu....

Note: The Ghost Dance is a highly revered event, not to
be taken lightly. If you wish to include it in your games, please
do so with appropriate respect.

The Native American Church

An enormous and complex organization, the Native
American Church is split on the issue of whether or not non-
Indians should be allowed to join. Different sects have differ-
ent rules. Although technically the Native American Church
of North America doesn't accept non-Indians, all peyotists
consider themselves to be a part of the NAC.

Among sects with the least stringent requirements for
membership, the NAC and its affiliated groups contain large
numbers of people who are natural spirit mediums, but who
have very little formal training. Such training is not a part of
the NAC': doctrine, but direct communication with the Great
Spirit is. The end result, however, is that these mediums can
be contacted easily by both living and Dead, but such sha-
mans are also not terribly powerful. The very nature of the
organization and the occasional powerful spiritualist among
its members make the NAC a crucial conduit for mortals and
wasichu wraiths who seek contact with the Kingdom of Flint.

Chapter Six: From Obsidian Nights

107




SSeS iv me

Dantnati Firebrand

quarantined, I intend to slow its spread by any means available.

him a lunatic and said you hoped his insanity wasn't catching.

One evening, in a rare display of filial duty, you accompanied
your mother into town. During the course of your conversation
? with her, it became clear that she alone understood your denial of
ws) this mad legacy, this affiliation you were never allowed to choose.
Your outing was brutally interrupted when your mother suddenly
Q started convulsing and clawing at her own face with her finger-
nails, You tried to stop her, but she'd acquired a strength that
was monstrous. Grinning through the bloody ruins of her face,
she turned on you, and then all was black.

Your mentor was seated next to the hospital bed where
you awoke. You'd fainted, he said, just before he dispatched
the possessing wraith with his fennel sword. "But I was too
late to save your mother. I do what I can to protect innocents
like her from such beings." He paused, looked at you through
his tears and said, "But I need your help. Our numbers are
few. I fear theirs are infinite."

What he didn't say was how he'd entered Ekstasis, stalked
a particular Spectre, chivvied it into possessing your mother
), and sat back to watch the carnage. All you know is that one

of these hateful ghosts killed your mother, and that you won't

let that sort of horror befall anyone else. Since your tragedy,
you've been an unrelenting destroyer of the Restless. But
i you may find a new enemy soon, for, in the Underworld, the
Dead do tell tales...
‘ Concept: A firm believer in the notion that the best

) defense is a good offense, you hate the Shadowlands and their

2 denizens with a passion. A crusader for the ultimate good, you
} will stop at nothing to protect the lands of the living from the
spirits of the damned.

Roleplaying Hints: Take the fight to the enemy any way
i) you can. The only good ghost is an obliterated one. You're willing
to learn new techniques, as long as they involve destroying wraiths.
@Ijy Any methods that are less direct make you openly impatient. Refer
¥ often to the importance of keeping a fennel sword at hand.

Quote: The Shadowlands are a sickness all around us. Until this contagion can be

Prelude: You were Unhooded by your great-grandfather, a man famed among
Damnationists as a slayer of evil spirits. The ancient fellow died just after your
birth, but he'd wisely appointed another sapienza to educate you in the
Benandanti way. What your ancestor did not foresee was how utterly you
would reject your entire heritage. As a teen you drifted into petty thievery
and repeatedly landed in the reformatory. Your mentor remained a fixture
in your life, as he would sometimes bail you out, always berate you for
| being a wastrel and constantly try to draw you into the fold. You called

Equipment: Fennel sword, scabbard, heirloom whetstone, caulsack


Nate: <Oannaté Firebrand i Motivation: <Kelt wracchs
| Player: Denteanor: Survivor Afiliation: The <Genandanci
Chronicle: Concept: Seeker of "Vengeance Type:

Attributes
Physical Social Nental
4, Strength, @@@00 Charisma. @@000 Perception.

Dexterity. @00 = Manipulation. @OO00 Intelligence.
Stamina. @@00 Appearance @O0O Wits.

Ties di law

Alertness, Body Reading. @@000 Bureaucracy. OO0O000

# Athletics Crafts. @0000 Computer. 00000
Brawl, Drive. OOOOO Enigmas. @0000
Dodge. Etiquette. OOOOO Investigation. @0000
Empathy. Firearms, @@000 Law. 00000
Expression, Leadership. OOOOO Linguistics, 00000
Intimidation. Melee. @@@00 Medicine. 00000
Spiritual Awareness___ Stealth. @OOOO Occult @0000

iy. Streetwise. Survival @0000 Politics, @0000 jie
Subterfuge Technology. @0000 Science. 00000 fj

Other Traits Background

00000 Allies @@000 Small Gift

00000 Mentor @@000 "Wanted

00000 Contacts @0000
00000 00000
OOO00O0 00000
00000 00000
OO0O00O OOO00O0

—pkemera______@0000 @ @ @ © S8800 Bega oO

————— 00000 BE BEEBE BOO Hurt 10

COO00 Foes Injured ey)
00000 = Wounded 3G)
OO00O | Damage Weapon | Difficulty Mauled 40
00000 Crippled 50
00000 Incapacitated oOo


Renegade Researcher

Quote: Truth may be stranger than fiction, but science is stranger than both.

Prelude: By the time you had finished your grad work in quantum electrodynamics,

science had begun to lose its luster for you. Modern research lacked romance, adventure,
danger. Your cultivated work routine fell victim to distraction, your professors made
dire predictions about your future and you found yourself contemplating a career as a
forest ranger. Then, while trolling the Web, you discovered a scientific domain that

your department head might not approve of: the hidden world being explored by

the Paranormal Research Wing. You emptied your grant and attended their an-

nual symposium in Geneva, where you made a real impression on several re-
search directors. PRW offered you a job and you took it on the spot.

Aline Eburn befriended you early. Although she worked in a different
research group, she always managed to be around you. One evening, she
suggested an experiment of an entirely different sort, in an area where you
had gathered no empirical data. The sex was intense and engulfing, but
ultimately something you could take or leave. It opened a new door, how-
ever: Seemingly pleased at your performance, Aline hinted at a promising
course of research that the organization was ignoring. She said you could
do something about it.

One day she asked you to accompany her after hours for "a special ex-
periment." You traveled with her and two other colleagues to a ramshackle
bam in the countryside. Inside was an Ectoplasmic Converter Engine —
"forbidden" technology — being calibrated by three more PRW scientists.
Aline designated partners for everyone and said, "Let's get this show on the

toad." You'd last heard her use that phrase in more intimate circumstances,

That night, you learned all there was to know about operating an ECE.

An hour after the experiment started, indicators began fluctuating and some-
one yelled, "Here we go!" Suddenly, there was a flash and a noise unlike any-
thing you'd ever heard. You could almost swear you heard a scream... but then
the meters started screeching and you had your hands full as you tracked re-
sults. After a moment's busy silence, people began reporting data to their team-
mates as excitement filled the barn. You'd found, once more, the thrill of re-
search!

The enormity of your transgression didn't hit home till the next day:
You had compromised the most lucrative job you would ever get — and
you didn't care. You felt more alive than you had in years! Curiosity, you
decided, was the only real aphrodisiac...

Concept: The thrill of discovery is more important to you than the
scientific method. Hemmed in by the strictures of grant proposals and re-
view committees, you infinitely prefer actually going out and doing work,
any way you can. Truth be told, you're something of an anachronism and
probably would have fit in better during the days when scientists just headed
out and hauled bones and treasures out of whatever desert was handy, but
that's okay with you. There's a whole new frontier for you to explore now.

Roleplaying Hints: You've got a secret that could destroy you, but you feel
invulnerable, in control, in the know. Stay aloof, even a little smug. If someone
casually asks what's on your mind, smile slightly and say, "The mysteries of the
universe."

Equipment: Labcoat, safety goggles, calculator

fo 112 Mediums


‘i Subterfuge.

*) Athletics.

) Intimidation.

VW

) Nate: Renegade ‘Researcher

Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
@@000
000

Dexterity.
i @e@000

Stamina

Talents
@@000
00000
00000
@0000
@0000
00000
\_ ee = OOOO;
Spiritual Awareness. OO00O0
Streetwise. 00000
@0000

Alertness,

Brawl.

Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression,

Nature: Follower

Demeanor: Secenecse Afiiation: rhe taranormat ‘Research Wing UM
Concept: Golly Going Where ctte's Tald co Type:

Attributes
Sacial

Motivation: he chritt of the chase

Mental

Charisma.
Manipulation,
Appearance.

@@000 Perception,

@@000 Wits.
Abilities Peccecocccconecsococes

Skill Kowledge

Body Reading. @0000
Caafts, OOO00O
Drive. @0000
Etiquette. OOO00O0
Firearms. OOO00O0
Leadership. 00000
Melee. OOO00O0
Stealth, @0000

Survival, @0000
Technology. @e@e00

Bureaucracy. @0000
Computer.

Enigmas,

Investigation.

Law.

Linguistics.

Medicine.

Occult,

Politics

Science.

Backgund

Personal Library

Contacts

Allies

Home Base

Mentor

‘Resources

00000
OO0000
00000
00000
OO0000
OO0000
——————___________00000.
Boeoochihoooooe:
O0O00000000
OBOOOO00000

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/

@e@eaeeeee0co0od
BEEBE EBOO0

roe (iithit -cooe>

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

Damage Weapon _| Difficulty

Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)


vie
wlan

‘ed

le Quote: It's very important that I be able to |
PRY leave town immediately, before they find me here.
S) Who are they? Hold me up another 10 minutes

and you'll find out.
; Prelude: The ghosts first visited you when
you were 11. Momma had warned you that it
might happen; up until the night Daddy died, she
used to see ghosts, too. Momma claimed that Daddy
i Hy chased the other ghosts away from her, but that
|) didn't keep them from visiting you.
A) _ It was scary for a while, when they'd all come
talk to you and some of them just wouldn't leave you
alone. But then Momma brought a priest over to the
"1, house, and he chased off most of them. Not all — you
, warned the ones you liked so they could hide from the

Unfortunately, that cure was only temporary.

It's a decade later, Father Garcia is dead, and all the
wraiths he drove off are looking for your blood. You had
t set up a shop, but it went to hell in a shower of glass shards;
that was when you knew those long-banished wraiths had
found you at last.

Now you're on the run, moving from town to town and

to the other side. Your old friends still help when they can, and

A there's the occasional kind stranger, but you can never settle in
Si) one place for more than a month or two before your old enemies
} find you. Usually, the cards tell you when things are about to get

among the living and the Dead, but you're reluctant to throw them in the
way of your pursuers. Be as honest as you can afford to be, but you're well
aware that telling the absolute truth has gotten you in trouble too many

Equipment: Tarot deck, .22 pistol (unregistered), pouch of salt, back-
pack, utility knife

AY SPEAKERS WITH HE DED
Name: Reader on the Run Nature: Survivor Motivation: Seay alive
Dy Player: Demeanor: Rebel Affiliation:
oh Chronicle: Concept: traced Medium TVPe: "Goardwalk Medium

{ Hy ut
Attributes
Social Nental

OO Perception,
(OOO Manipulation, @OO0 Intelligence.
@@000 Appearance. OOO Wits.

Abilities SocoesCOo CoCo POH cOCS
Talents Skills Knowledge
6 Alertness. = 38-251 Body Reading. @@000 Bureaucracy. @0000
® Athletics. Crafts, @0000 Computer. OOO00O0
Drive. @OO000 Enigmas. @@000
Etiquette. OOOOO Investigation, OOO00O
¥ Empathy Firearms, OOOOO Law. OO000O0
| Expression, Leadership. OOOOO Linguistics
Intimidation. Melee. @0000 Medicine.
Spiritual Awareness. Stealth @OO00 Occult

7) Streetwise. Survival @@000 Politics,
\} Subterfuge. Technology. OOOOO Science.

Other Traits Background Nerits 6 flaws
Normaley @0000 = Contacts ©0000 _ Speaker with the Ocad
| 00000 ‘Talisman @0000 Spectre Meat

OO0000 00000 Extremely Oecpressing

OO000 00000 Deathsight

OOO00O0 00000

OOO00O OOO00O0

OOO00O0 OOO00O0

az ae poo |iilboimooooo. woo CO Health pooooo i
—tplemera_e@0000 @@®@ ®@®@@®@®0000
00000 BEBEEBBOOO0 Hurt

Bruised

00000 , Geen (ih cocoec Injured
00000 Wounded

OO00O  |Damage Weapon | Difficulty Mauled

Crippled
00000 Incapacitated


> Pret ofthe Shadow Eaten

Quote: The world's turned its back on me. You should never turn your back on a wounded
animal.

Prelude: You stumbled your way through college to a useless Bachelor's degree
)) and a crushing loan debt. While your ex-classmates were oozing their way into
cushy corporate jobs, you found yourself working at the same retail stores you'd
slaved away in back during high school. "Sure we'll take you back," all the
store managers said, even as they failed to hide their condescension. "We're
sure you won't be with us too long."

That was six years ago, and you're still trapped. You go from your
hellhole of an apartment to your hellhole of a day job to your hellhole
) of a night job, and you never manage to do more than break even.
Plus, there's no way out — no way it's ever going to get better.

That's why you answered the ad in the back of the local
alternative paper, the ad that talked about money and power.

But when you dialed the number in the advertisement, in-
} stead of getting "Destiny Enterprises," you heard a voice
on the other end that froze your blood.

The voice talked to you. It told you what it could do
for you — how it could help you get your revenge and how
1 it could give you everything you ever wanted. All you had
|. to do, it said, was feed it every once in a while. And it even
promised to help clean up the messes...

Concept: You are a tool in the clutches of a Nephwrack,

) and you exist to do its will on Earth. So far, the glories and

: ) riches your master has promised haven't arrived, but you're
) patient. Maybe you just need to make a few more sacrifices.

/\ Inthe meantime, though, you've found a few like-minded souls

} who are willing to help out with the feedings. They all listen

to you, though. You're the only one who talks to the boss.

Roleplaying Hints: The strain of maintaining a normal
facade is starting to show. It's hard to take crap from the fat
bastards you work for now that you've got real power backing
you up. There are worse things than getting fired in your world
) all of asudden, but you think you've got a handle on them. Mean-

)) while, play the good little employee. Everybody will get what they
deserve soon enough.

Equipment: Bloody butterfly knife, matches, bottle of
Y, Everclear, dirty rag (for use as a gag)


Nate: Priest of the Shadow-Eacen Natl: "Follower Motivation: 1 cause mass destruction |
> Player: Demeanor: Rager Affiliation: Specere Cule
2 Chronicle: Concept: Specere <Puppee Type:

: Physical Social Mental
Strength, @@000 Charisma @@@00 Perception.
Dexterity, @@000 Manipulation, @@@@0 Intelligence.

) Stamina. @@000 Appearance. @@000 Wits

j ) Wooo oC OCC OPS OEPCES Abilities Cocco OCOD OCOD OO DOOODOS
Talents Skills Knowledge

) Alertness. @0000 Body Reading @@000 Bureaucracy. 00000
*) Athletics. OOOOO Crafts OOOOO Computer. 00000
Brawl, @@000 Drive. @O000 Enigmas. @e@000

) Dodge. @@000 Etiquette. Investigation. 00000
\) Empathy. OOOOO Firearms. Law. 00000
| Expression. @0000 Leadership. Linguistics, 00000
Intimidation____@OOOO Melee Medicine. 00000
Spiritual Awareness, @0000 Stealth, Occult, @@000
Streetwise, @@000 Survival Politics 00000
Subterfuge. @0000 Technology. Science. 00000

Other Traits Background ris 6 flaws
OO000 Allies Preacher's Charm
OO00O0 Sidekick @e@000 Easy Consort
OOO000 dome Base @@000 Ocathsight
OO00O0 Contact @0000
OOO00O0 OOO0O0O0
OOO00O0 OO00O0
OO000 OO00O0

00000 @®@ ®@®@®00000 Bead
00000 BEBEBEBOOO00 Hurt

00000 Doo 3D Combat Coco Injured
00000 Wounded

00000 _ {Damage Weapon — | Difficulty Mailed |
ripple
cence Incapacitated

Hpoeo-e [iperiene coocooc

O000000000
QNOOOO000000
Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 21 (G/2/l)

in ee


¥.
intrepid |
i Quote: [Log Entry 10/24, 3:37 PM] Judging by the sheer quantity of rugose stains
on the carpet, the manifestation I am dealing with is of the subcategory known as Haunt-
ers, and it is one of considerable power. I must proceed cautiously; don't want to end up
like good old Hawkins now, do I? [click]

Prelude: They cut the funding to your alma mater's parapsychology depart-
ment after your sophomore year, but you continued your studies anyway. After
all, the true researcher doesn't give up at the first sign of adversity — or even
the eighth or ninth. So by day you studied more mainstream psychology (spe-
cializing in abnormal psych, of course), and by night you pursued your own
projects.

In between lectures, you dug up local ghost legends, explored haunted
houses in the vicinity, and even made a day trip out to "haunted" Dudleytown.
That excursion was the most "successful" from a certain perspective — some
#} unnamed force literally chased you from the site before you could even set up

your cameras.

Convinced of the importance of your studies, you started pursuing your
ghostly avocation more and more avidly. Your other studies suffered, but in
exchange you found like-minded souls out there willing to help you in your
search for the supernatural. While Proserpina hasn't accepted any of your ar-
ticles yet, you have high hopes for the last one you submitted. Now all that
/, temains is getting past that angry Haunter, who's not pleased you've intruded
on his Haunt — an acceptance letter for the article won't mean much if you
don't make it out of the building alive.

Concept: The unknown beckons, and you must heed its call. De-
scended from old money, you have all the advantages for your hunting
that a trust fund can buy. You prefer to work alone, and you meticu-
lously record data that illuminate details of postmortem existence, but
4, occasionally you run into things that you can't handle by yourself. So
far, you've managed to survive all of those encounters, but you're get-
ting the definite feeling that someone on the other side doesn't like
you.

Roleplaying Hints: Observe everything very closely; you never know
where pertinent information may turn up. Be very careful with your re-
search, but always bear in mind that information's no good if you don't
survive to get it published. You've done a lot of reading in your field, but
nothing could have prepared you for the truth of what's out there, and
your over-reliance on book learning has nearly gotten you killed. Still,
even near-fatal encounters offer valuable information...

Equipment: Shiny new camera, motion sensor, handheld tape
recorder, flashlight, notepad, eyeglasses


Nature: Explorer Motivation: <fo learn more
Demeanor: Seceneese Afilatio: avestwer
Concept: Seeker After Boojums Type:

Soca Mental
Strength. @@000 Charisma @@000 Perception.

Dexterity. @@@00 Manipulation. OOO Intelligence.
| Stamina, @@000 Appearance. OOO Wits

Tales Skills Kronledge
Alertness, Body Reading OOOOO Bureaucracy. OO00O0
Athletics. Crafts, @0000 Computer. @0000
Brawl, Drive. @@000 Enigmas. @e@e@00
} Dodge. Etiquette. OOOOO Investigation. @0000
Emipathyx Firearms_____—— @@@OO Law. OOO00O
| Expression. Leadership. OOOOO Linguistics 00000
Intimidation, Melee. OOOOO Medicine. 00000
Spiritual Awareness, Stealth, @0000 Occult, @@e00
Streetwise_____ Survival_____ SS ®OO00 Politics. OOO00O0
Subterfuge. Technology. @@@@0 Science. @0000

Othe rts Backgound Merits 6 flaws

00000 Personal Library @e@0@00 Poltergeist Party
OOO00O ‘Resources @@000 Creepy Fellings
OOO0O0O Contacts @@000

OOO00O OOO00O

OOO00O OOOO0O

OOO00O0 OO0O00O

OOO00O0 OOO0O

| poco Nit moose rpoec Hilnimococoe: too oco Htlh coooc]
00000 @®@@®@@®@eO0d0000 Biuised el

00000 BE EBEBOOO00 Hurt ag

00000 Injured 20
pooo-o reoocooc
00000 tn Wounded 30

OO0000_ |Damage Weapon | Difficulty Mauled 40

Crippled
00000 Incapacitated
00000

fihPoooos.
O0O00000000
QNOO00000000
Attributes: tes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds 5 Freebie Points: 2A GN


@0000
Dexterity______—— SS ®@O0O0O0
Stamina ®@OO0O

Talents
Alertness, OO00O
4 Athletics____ == OOOOO
Brawl, OO000O0
| Dodge 00000
Empathy____—— SSO 0000
Expression. OO000O0
Intimidation, 00000
Spiritual Awareness. 00000
i) Streetwise. 00000
Subterfuge. OO0O000

SPEAKERS WITH THE DED

Motivation:
Demeanor: Affiliation:

Concept: Type:

‘ .)
Social Mental
Charisma, @0000 Perception. @0000

Manipulation, @0000 Intelligence. @0000
Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000

Skills Knowledge
Body Reading. OOOOO Bureaucracy. OO0O00O0
Crafts, OOOO0O Computer. 00000
Drive. OOOOO Enigmas 00000
Etiquette. OOOOO Investigation. OO00O
Firearms. OOOOO Law. OOO00O0
Leadership. OOOOO Linguistics. OO0000
Melee. OOOO0O Medicine. 00000
Stealth, 00000 Occult, 00000
Survival, OOOOO Politics. 00000
Technology. OOOOO Science. 00000

Other Traits
00000

00000

00000

OO00O0

00000

OO0000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

ih 2o-o-o04 Ninila ooo
00000

00000

00000

OO0000

00000

00000
—________00000.
O000000000
QO00000000

Attribute:

600000060 ome) Brie
OQOO00000000 Hurt

Injured
polo] roocoes
Cob Wounded

Damage [Weapon | Difficul Mauled
ES vs Crippled
Incapacitated

BROS
oo000000


They re om on Thru from the Other Side

The Re: ey're just bursting with)choughts and ides at
they'd love to share ly, they're not very good at communicating
thi§ Sort of thing. It's offe ie the) drawk of being» dead, after all.

That's\where you come in. Ready for the se of the Restless. Dead? You'd better be.

Hear the, Whispers From Beyond the Grave

Mediums: Speakers with the Dead is a guide to mortal who can speak with the Restless
Dead id not just' those!mortals who want to listéh. From:the Bomdwalk tocorporate
boardrooms, from the méar' streets where Spectre cultists huddle to the places where the Ghost
Dance still contintes, mortals who can sée.across' the Shroud' are everywhere.

And you just might be one of them:

Mediums: Speakers with the Dead contaiis

© Rules and tips oncreating a mortal charaéter who can See across-the Shroud

* Updates on old fiends such as the Benandanti and glimpses at other groups that
speak with the Dead:

* The ins and outs.of Spectre cults, ideas for using tarot in Wraith, the secrets of
why wraiths love teleyangelists, and more!

ISBN 1- an oe ey

WW 6102
\\i | | |
046 i

00
INUSA

565
