# File: MET Laws of the Hunt.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

LNIGHET HET, AO SAT,

TROY, RULE AN

VO TANI

!

F .
Mind S k¥e Theatre

EBS O raf
(if lbh i

RULESSEORBRIEANEIN Gs HO NgwERs


BY JESS HEINIG, JOHN WICK AND ALISON YOUNG


| wo ofthe Hin

CREDI

Written by: Jess Heinig, John Wick and Alison Young
Additional Writing by: Richard E. Dansky

Development by: Je
Additional Development by: Richard E. Dansky and Cynthia Summers

Editing by: Carl Bowen

Previously published material hasappeared in: Laws of the Night, Lawsof the Wild, Oblivion,
The Long Night, The Shining Host and The Inquisition, Project Twilight, Halls of the Arcanum,
The Quick and the Dead, The Autumn People, The Hunters Hunted, Ghouls: Fatal Addiction,
Kinfolk: Unsung Heroes, Mediums: Speakers with the Dead and The Enchanted

Art Direction by: Lawrence Snelly

nathan Rhea

Layout and typesetting by: Katie McCaskill

SPECLALTHANRS 10;
Justin "Hire ‘im" Achilli, for giving me the go-ahead
Andrew "Romie" Bates, for the spare room.

Phil "The Time Has Come" Brucato, for joining the live-action bandwagon at long last, all while
etting married

Ken "Whoa!" Cliffe, ‘cause he's such a funky Canadian. And because he extends
Rich "You are God, Part 2" Dansky, for givi
Shane "N
Ed "Epopt" Hall, with his infinite patience for wacky Shadowland enigmas.
Ethan "Nc

ne the same inspiration that he gave to Ed.

of the Old Scary Guys.

ter" DeFreest, perhaps the creepiest

ie" Skemp, for the Kinfolk that he denied with his caress of continuity

Playtesting: Laura Middleton, Michael Dent, E."Glas" Durboraw, and the many playersand Storytellers
of the Tennessee Camarillla; Lee Ismare and Rob Fou Balle Nocturne; and Joyce
Summers, Trevor Summers, fan Dunteman and Kurt Paul along with the players of Battlefield
Diego. A heartfelt "thank you" toall of the hundreds of players who couldn't be listed in thissmall.

and the player

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.

LY poy 75 ue oer Bn
* y Sue 8

hunaston, GA 30001
LS)

isexpressly forbicklen, exceptfor the purposes of reviews, and for
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for pe
use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the
Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Ch: he Dreaming, Werewolfthe Wild West, Trinity
Laws of the Hunt, The Hunters Hunted, The Inquisition, Project Twilight, Halls of the
Arcanum, The Quick and the Dead, The Autumn People, Ghouls Fatal Addiction, Kinfolk
Unsung Heroes, World of Darkness Sorcerer, Mind's Eye Theatre, Mediums Speakers with the
Deadand The Enchantedare trademarksof White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All

characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc

Cant Sine

The mentic
to the trademark
This he supematural for setting
supematural elements are fiction and intended f

copyright concemed.

Sook uses characters and themes. All mystical and

entertainment purposes only. Reader

discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
hutp://wwwavhite-wolf.comy alt.gan

Po PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. P|
ae

ss. whitewolf and rec games frp storyteller


meme ts

AWS OC,

TABLE OF CONTENTS

BLOOD ON THE TRACKS: A CAUTIONARY TALE
CHAPTER ONE: INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER TWO: CHARACTER CREATION
CHAPTER THREE: NUMINAE AND POWERS
CHAPTER FOUR: SISTEMS AND RULES

CHAPTER FIVE: STORYTELLING

16

96

134

166



A exalt fale

BLOOD ON
THE TRACKS:

A CAUTIONARY TALE

Italways pisses me off when I see Victor licking the evidence. I know he's a ghoul

and he needs his fix, but even so, it creeps the he

out of me

Vic looks up from the bloody footprint, grinning like a bastard. "This is good stuff

Lou. This guy's powerful. Closer to Caine than anyone I've ever met

That's great, Vic," I reply, my annoyance coloring my tone. It's raining like hell

meaning that whatever ot

ther footprints there had been have long since washed away

All we've got is the one on th clean

porch that Vic's just finished lickir
The cops haven't been here yet, which means there's actual evidence to look at, but

the setupstill sucks. We've
here and not much else

got three cor

es tom toshreds inside, one bloody footprintout

n. So, of ¢ Vic is ecstatic about the whole thing.

"Come on, Lou, this is great! We're on the trail of a real heavy-hitter here and
he's wounded! We take thi 4 kickass." He's literally

hopping in his excitement now. Apparently, he thinks it's something wonderful that

we're on the trail of an immensely powerful immortal homicidal maniac

opposed
to just the run-of-the-mill immortal homicidal maniacs we usually go after =

Fan-flippin'-tastic

"Right. Powerful. I'll ask for its autograph before we stake it. Anything else you
can tell me?"

Vic pouts. "It's Gangrel, | think. Look at the footprint — you see those marks toward

the front of the sole? Those are holes where claws ripped through the rubber — this guy's

gettingall beasty and yeasty on us. That means he's not too thoroughly in control of himself,

though that might bea result of whatever it was that hurt him. Honestly, thereshouldn't have

been any of his blood in the footprint unless he'd gotten cut as well. Hmm. We can prc

expect more killings, not to mention some competition for this guy's hide."
"Oh?"

"Yeah, the other fangdaddies are going to be trying to put him down at the same

time we are. They don't like it when one of theirs gets out of control."

Lat of the Hunk

I nod like I understand. Vic knows the vampires far better than I ever will. After
all, he'd nearly become one, as | understood it. AL know how to do is find them and
kill them. We make a good team — he wants revenge but has no idea about how to

get it, while I know how to hunt, but don't know my prey

Don't ask how we met; you'd never believe the story anyway.

"So," Lask him, "is there anything else?"

He shakes his head. "Not here, no."
"Any leads?"

"Depends how you feel about hunches,

" he says. Then, dropping into a parody
of Marty Feldman's character in Young Frankenstein and limping off into the rain, he
says, "C'mon, maaahster."

—_

Isit ar the end of the bar nursing a Macallan's 18 while Vic gossips with the undead
in the corner. Occasionally one of the vampires looks in my direction and I getan itchy
feeling along the side of my neck. Vic and I came in separately and had not spoken —
we had not so much as looked at each other, in fact — so the vampires wouldn't know
wwe were connected. Even so, I'm nervous. Ifone of the bloodsuckers in the cornerknows,
arted in no
time flat. "Bound," he calls it. I'm less politically correct. He'd been a slave.

if one of them even suspects, I'll be dead and Vic would be back where he s

The meeting in the corner brea

ks up. The three vampires — one woman and two
men —tmeltinto the crowd. I take a mental picture of each so we can come back for them
later. Vic stomps out the door back into the rain, not giving me a second glance, and I
can hear the roar of his Yamaha faintly as he heads off to the rend
on him for months to drive something that offers a bit more cover, but he's married to

vous point. I've been

the bike. It's going to get him killed some day, but he doesn't want to hear th

Precisely 10 minutes after Vic leaves, I finish my drink, slide a five across the
counter to the bartender and walk out. My ‘79 Cl

hevy Caprice Classic (supercharged

engine, shatterproof windows, steel chassis — more than once I'd pancaked a vampire

who thought I'd actually stop for him) is sitting down the block where I parked it,
glistening under one of the few working streetlamps in the neighborhood. I walk down
toitunhurriedly and make the standard check of the locks and back seat for unpleasant
surprises —the story about the hunter who gets in his car only to find a vampire sitting
in the back seat has got to be urban legend, but it serves its purpose. Huddling against
the rain (why does it always rain when I go hunting?), | open the door, touch the
crucifix hanging from the rearview once for luck and climb in.

The roar ofa motorcycle is my first clue something's wrong. can hear the noise even
over the slam of my door and the rumbling cough of my car's engine. It's Vic's motorcycle
roaring up the street, tires skirling on the wet asphalt, and | should not be hearing it right
now. He peels past at 70 with no one following him —at least no one I can see. Trouble.

Naturally, | peel out after him, like an idiot

Vie slows down, once, when he sees I'm behind him, then makes sure [ can tail him.
Once or twice I try to pull up next to him to see what the hell is up, but he just floors itand
lei comfortable half-block back. So I settle in behind him, pelting across town on
theslick streets, running lights with only the roar of the engines and the whisperof the tires
in my ears. We see no other traffic; we see no polic

ves me d

The city isa big, empty playground

forus. It's justme and Vic, one after the other, as the tenementsand warehous

es speed past.

Eventually we hit the riverfront district, but Vic doesn't slow down a bit. Even

here, in the neighborhood where there's always something going on, nothing's going

on. No traffic. No sign of life.

"38 Contcnard ‘BE |

And even less when Vic takes his Yamaha off the end of Pier 43.

Islam on the brakes and skid to within about 15 feet of the end of the pier. Even
in the rain, I can smell the burnt rubber of my tires and Vic's exhaust. There's no sign
of Vic, no movement out in the dark waters of the Delaware. He's just gone.

Isit there fora moment with the rain steaming off the hood, and I shake my head. And
for caution's sake

[also reach inside my coat for the pistol I keep in my shoulder-holster.

"Ghouls shouldn't get uppity," says the voice I've been expecting for miles. can
see my passenger in the rearview now —one of the punks who'd been talking with Vic
at the bar. He looks about 20 (not that that means much), with the greasy hair and

black leather jacket that are practically a uniform for the low-grade vampires in this
town. I can hear his jacket creak as he leans forward to hiss all dramatically in my ear.

"And neither should dumb-ass mortals who think they're hor stuff. I'm not gonna

leave enough of you to fill the ashtray, you know that
His breath is lousy. The undead always have lousy dental hygiene habits. I don't

guess they care, but it's a pain for the rest of us.

‘Good to know," I say without turning around. "So why'd you off Vic like that?"
"Vic? Was that the

Grandpa ride his mind."

houl? He might have been some trouble to handle, so | had

‘Grandpa'?"

"The guy your friend was asking after. We call him Grandpa, because he's older

than dirt and twice as cranky as that. And he got a hell of a kick out of having your

buddy lead you into a trap."

I never would have guessed. But I'ma piece of cake to take out, right? Justa human

being." I turn my head toward him ever so slowly. Like I thought, he isn't even looking

at me — he's looking at his own face in the rearview mirror. He has to look cool while
he's terrifying me; he has to know that he's the F

ddest of the bad in this car.

As if I care.

"So why are you telling me this?" | finish turning and slowly lift the gun under
my coat. The idiot in the back seat never notices, lost in his own bad self in the mirror.
I bet he was thrilled when he first found out that that stuff about vampires not having
a reflection was just a bunch of folklore.

"Because it doesn't matter, suck
I pull the trigger six times

You're dead." He tips his head forward, and

The recoil damn near snaps my wrist. The bullets tear through my coat and the
headrest, and they catch Stupid square in the side of his face. The front half of his h
more or less explodes, and he falls back in his seat with a noise that would have bee!
ascream if he'd had anything resembling lips. I floor it and drop the

gun, opening the

car door with my left hand at the same time. ches the end

s the Caprice's nose rea

of the pier, I'm out the door and rolling.

In the movies, cars explode when you abandon them. Mine just hits the water
with a big splash and sinks with a noise li

1 frog suffering from gas. I watch the spot
where it goes under with very little satisfaction. The river's dredged deep enough there
for the big tankers, so even if | haven't managed to kill Stupid, he isn't going to be
coming up for a long time
Ihave other problems besides Stupid, though. I've got no car, no gun, no partnerand
1 big-ass hole in my raincoat. Plus, there's "Grandpa." Can't forget him, now, can I?
Damn

It's time to start walking.



CHAPTER ONE:
INTRODUCTION

WHAT THIS BOOK IS ABOUT

Each of the Mind's Eye Theatre books dese

bes a supernatural creature, be it

vampires in Laws of the Night, werewolves in Laws of the Wild, wraiths in Oblivion
or changelings in The Sh izens of the World of Darkness don't

exist ina vacuum, however. The throngs of humanity surround them, and sometimes

ing Host. These

every attempt to keep humanity unaware of them fails. Before Laws of the Hunt, such

exposure wasn't particularly dangerous to supernatural beings, and it could be

This book provides rules for pla

Laws of the Hunt expl
b

t dire

humans who hunt supernatural creatures

how te

srporate mortal hunters into existing World of

arkness chronicles,

it provides rules for running a chronicle from the hunter

point of view
This

religious fanatics,

contains Mind's Eye Theatre rules for a variet

f hunters, they

overnment agents, scholars or independents, as well as special
powers available only to mortal characters. Additionally, material from Antagonists
is revised and updated, and entirely new material is included! Of course, hunters need
quarry, and the other Mind's Eye Theatre

whether hunting vampires, 2

mes prove invaluable resources

bei

More source material on hunters can be found in the Year of the Hunter releases.

| aws of the Hint
THE ONLY RULES THAT MATTER

Here are the framework rules for Mind's Eye Theatre that must always be obeyed.

These are common sense stipulations outside the game mechanics that keep everyone

— other players, yourself, strangers in the area and authorities — safe in and happy
with your game

These rules are designed to limit the opportunities anyone has to destroy the fun
of your game. They're not intended to interfere with play or your enjoyment; they're
here ro make sure that you play sensibly and safely

#1 -IT'SONLEA GAME

This guideline is the most

portant by far. Ifa character is killed, if a plot falls
apart, if a rival wins the day — it's still only a game. Don't take things too seriously;

that spoils not only your fun, but everyone else's as well. Both triumphs and tragedies

make for a good story

Leave the game behind when it ends. Playing Mind's Eye Theatre is a lot of fun;

spending time talking about the game is great. Sometimes, however, the game must
be put aside in favor of real life. Don't call the person who plays your agent's partner
at sunrise just because it's safe to talk without the threat of vampires eavesdropping.
Don't get mad at that same partner for being unavailable because the player has an

exam that night. Make sure to maint

#2.- NO TOUCHING

Never actually have physical contact with other players, no matter how careful

in perspective.

you are or how harmless you think it is. Accidents happen, and someone could get
hurt. Rely on the rules to cover physical logistics. Remember that different people
have different ideas of invasion of personal space. Mind's Eye Theatre is not about
making anyone uncomfortable.

#5 - NOSTUNTS

Never climb, jump, run, leap or otherwise do anything dangerous during a game.

Keep the action in your live action low key. If you can imagine that you're staking a

vampire, you can certainly imagine that you're leaping from rooftop to rooftop. So

what if you bungee jump regularly in real life? In this game, you have other people to
worry about

#4 —NO WEAPONS
Fake and real weapons of any sort are absolutely forbidden. Not even obviously

fake or silly toy weapons are allowed. Such props give other people the wrong

impression about what you are doing, and they can be mistaken for real weapons. Use
item cards to represent weapons instead

#5 -NODRUGS OR DRINKING

This one isa real no-brainer. Dru;

and alcohol do not inspire peak performance.
They reduce your ability to think and react, meaning that, among other things, your

roleplaying ability is impaired. Players impaired by drugs or alcohol are a danger to


latrodticlen

other players and to the

me as a whole. There's nothing wrong with playing a
character who's drunk or stoned, but actually bringing such stuff to a game is in bad
taste at best — illegal at worst. Don't do it.

#6 — BEMINDFULOF OTHERS

Remember, not everyone you see, or who sees you, is playing the game. A g

me can
be unnerving or even frightening to passersby. Be considerate of "mundanes" in your
vicinity, and if youare in a public ar

make sure that your actions do not disturb oralarm
The game rules are designed so that mortal combat can occur between characters
while the players speak calmly to one another and play Rock-Paper-Scissors. If anyone
from outside the game asks what's going on, drop out of character and explain politely.

#7 -THERULES ARE FLEXIBLE

‘el free to ignore or adjust any of the following rules in this book if it will make
your game better. We at White Wolf call this "The Golden Rule." If some rule in this
book (beyond the first eight listed here) doesn't work for your group of players, cha

anyon

nge

it. Just be consistent and fair. Nobody likes rules that change every week, nor do they

like "no-win" scenarios that favor a certain player. If your troupe finds a new way to
handle, say, True Faith, that works better for you than the one in this book, go for it

#6 -HAVEFUN

Nor, "Win." In fact, winning has very little meaning in any Mind's Eye The:

re game.
Not, "Go out and kill everyone else." That's not really fun for anyone on the

receiving end, and it can actually bring the game to a premature end.

Just have fun. The live-action experience is not about achieving superiority over

the other players; it's about the journey and what happens along the way

WHAT IS STORYTELLING?

From the early days of skalds and shamans to those of modern actors and
playwrights, storytellers have sparked the imaginations of countless cultures. Through

stories, we share our beliefs, myths and legends. With the advent of live-action games

such as this one, storytelling returns to its roots as an interactive experience in which
everyone is a contributing participant. Through this game, the tales of Van Helsing

and Kolchak, Odysseus and Enkidu stand beside the stories of each player. In telling

these stories, we recount the timeless lessons of myth.

WHAT IS MIND'S EYE THEATRE?

Mind's Eye Theatre takes storytelling a step further in bringing the tale to life forthe

players. Like the actors in a movie, the participants take on the roles of people caught up

in drama. Instead of focusing on "winning" with dice rolls and game pieces, this game

centers on the enjoyment of creating. story and acting out the parts. No board limits your

imagination. Instead, you discover your own motivations and develop your own legend.
By interacting with the other playersand responding tothe eventsof thestory, youdescribe
alarger world in which your actions painton the canvasofimagination. Ir'stheater without
a script, where the outcome of the drama remains unknown until the end of the play.


W__A_A _A_A _A__4 __
a ee ee ee ee

CHARACTER

A Mind's Eye Theatre character is the role you assume for the course of the game.
Asa hunter, a human driven to confront the supernatural, your character in Laws of
the Huntisan outwardly normal individual thrust intoa world beyond the ken of most
mere mortals. From there, the rest is up to you — whether your hunter is insightful,
gressive or vengeful; sorcerer, true believer or government agent; a member of any
specific minority, ethnicity or society. Your imagination and the guidelines in this
book are the only limits to your character.

Once you enter the game, you become your character. Your speech and actions
are the words and deeds of your persona. Through your conduct, you drive the story
wherever you touch it. At the same time, the events of the story direct your responses
as they play on the strengths and frailties of your role.

A three-dimensional character —one who is more than just numbers on a piece
of paper — makes the game rewarding. Yet as a player, you have a responsibility

beyond simply portraying the character you have created. You should consider how

you contribute to the story as a whole. Remember your role in making it interesting
and fun for the other players as well as yourself. If you respect the strengths and ideas
of their characters, they will do the same for you.

Ultimately,

haractersare the true motivating factors ofa story. Events take place
because they impact the characters, and the characters, in turn, react and shape their
tale. Dive into your role and bring the story to life!

NARRATORS

Narrators are like the stagehands in a play — they propel the story by adjudi

ing rules, describing scenes and taking on the parts of antagonists and extras in the
story. With a ratio of about one Narrator for every 10 players, you should be able to
keep a smooth game flow. More experienced players can even move the game along
without the assistance of Narrators. When a question regarding rules or setting comes

up, a Narrator fills in to keep the game in motion.

THE STORYTELLER

Every game must havea $

oryteller who servesas the ultimate authority and final
judge. The Storyteller creates the basic "framework" elements of the plot, making sure
that the story has layers of intrigue, interesting hooks and narrative flow. He then
turns the players loose to see what happens. With the aid of Narrators, the Storyteller
immerses the players in the larger tale.

The Storyteller must be watchful during the game to make sure that the story
works out well, that all of the players have something to do and that they are abiding
by the rules. Since the Storyteller is the guide to the game and the fi
disputes and settings, all g

court of
me events rest on her final authority. The Storyteller also
makes sure that the game is safe and fun by

king sure that the players don't engage
in excessive behavior, yet still contribute to the flow of the story.

Storytelling is at once the most demanding and most rewarding job ina Mind's Eye
Theatre game. The Storyteller must coordinat

all of the elements ofan enthralling tale
and make sure thateveryone hasa good time. However, the satisfaction that comes from
a group of enthusiastic players and a well-told story can't be matched.


datrodiolioh

SCENERY, COSTUMING AND PROPS

A stimulating locale, appropriate character clothing and interesting props can go
a long way toward bringing the story — and the Gothic-Punk World of Darkness in
which it is set — to life. However, the Storyteller has final say over what is permitted
in the game. As with all things, the props and costumes should not exceed the bounds
of safety and good taste. Weapons, offensive shirts and questionable substances can

really ruin the evening when legal entanglements emerge or tempers flare. Still, a few

well-chosen articles can serve to illuminate a point just as well; a simple white collar
can denote an Inquisitor, a book a scholar, a pair of shades and a cellular phone a
government agent

A WORLD OF DARKNESS

Imagine waking up in a world where the shadows are darker, the threats are more
ominous and the seedy side of society is more oppressive. The same bands play on the
radio, but their followersare violent and obsessive. Social unrest, crime and revolution
are the order of the day. Murder hardly makes the headlines in the local paper. Glitzy
superstars leading lives of false

amour populate the club of the month while the
homeless cluster in garbage-ridden slums only a few blocks away. This is the World of
Darkness — our own world, but more sinister, just on the edge of hysteria, madness
and self-destruction.

Nightclubs with eerie architecture pulse to grinding music. Towering skyscrap-
ers, imposing cathedrals and blood-darkened streets loom and coil about the cities at
night. Oppressiveart and raw, bleeding violence intersect ina Gothic-Punk world. It's
1 world where vampires are stylish predators and werewolves are feral terrorists. In

many ways, it's a world where the average human feels lost and helpless. Everyone is

predator or prey

THE TEAR OF THE HUNTER

White Wolf publishes a full line of books about mortal hunters,
including The Inquisition, Project Twilight, Halls of the Arcanum, The
Quick and the Dead, The Hunters Hunted and The Autumn People.
These books provide the basis for much of Laws of the Hunt, though they
are not necessary for play. However, an interested player can find more
information about his character and the

ame world in these resources.

TAKING BACK THE MGHT

Ina world overrun with corruption, vice and villainy, most people are relegated

to dead-end jobs and squalid, fearful lives. Shadowy figures control mortal society
through invisible influence and supernatural power. Only a rare few ever pull back the
curtain to reveal the hidden players. Armed with wits and courage, the most talented
(and foolhardy) mortals decide to fight for their own lives and the destiny of humanity.
They take up arms as hunters.


| oF the Hon! |

The road of the hunter isa short and dangerous one, with few rewards. Even with

modern technology at their disposal, some would say that most hunters lead doomed
lives. The powers of the supernatural are simply too potent for most lone humans to
withstand. Still, some individuals feel the driving need to counter the creatures that
prey on humanity, hidden beings using entire generations of mortals as tools. More

often than not, these loners fall to the very beings they hunt, def

ated by ignorance

and human frailty.
Still, whenever a vampire leaves traces of its feeding, or a werewolf destroys a

human's life, another hunter takes up the mantle. Over time, the few survivors band

together to form organizations devoted to the study and destruction of supernatural
entities. The Inquisition, forged in the flames of the Dark Ages, still hunts the undead
in a hidden war of faith. The Arcanum, a scholarly society from the Renaissance,
compiles vast tomes of supernatural knowledge that contain more information than
any other resource in the world. Ghost-hunters and witch-slayers band together in
small groups or loose affiliations to provide the force that few supernatural creatures
can defeat: a united front that fights for a cause.

Mortal hunters are not without their special resources, either. Though many rely
on technology, training and dedication, a few possess powers of their own with which
to stalk their paranormal quarry. Billed "Numinae" by scholars of such matters, these
powers give hunters their own supernatural weapons in battle. Sorcery, the practice
of ritual magic, provides an edge for the intellectual and insightful hunter. Psychic
Phenomena gift some otherwise ordinary humans with the power to read thoughts or
move objects with their minds. And burning Faith, dedication to the Eternal, fuels the
symbols and ceremonies of the devoutly religious

THE ASSOCIATIONS

While some hunters work alone, and others partner with a circle of trusted allies,

a few join societies dedicated to the hunter's craft. These associations are manifold,
with different motives and methods of operation. For a hunter in need of the wisdom

of experience or the assistance of numbers, an organization provides the

ANS LO

continue the venery.

Associations rarely cooperate, simply because they often have disparate goals.

Scholarly groups such as the Arcanum seek only to observ

and learn, while more
active groups such as the Society of Leopold take a direct hand in stalking and stayit
supernatural entities,

nigmatic government agencies catalog or capture these enti-
ties at the whims of their hidden superiors, and clandestine groups of hunters with

stranger motives engage in invest society."

Naturally, re
hunter's war is ultimately the war of humanity against the Other, and mortals fill the
important roles of ally, mentor and friend.

ations away from the rest of hunter

ions between such dissimilar groups are tenuous at best. Still, the

Given the cool relations between hunter associations, it's no wonder that many

paranormal beings manage to remain two steps ahead of them. Speculation and
information may be flawed or useless, and resources may be scant due to group polities
Groups rarely share their assets — knowledge, faith, equipment — with other groups.
s

curity ina hunte

ssociation is tenuous at best. However, when all of the chips are
down and disaster seems imminent, truly dedicated hunters persevere, pull together

and show the world what "mere mortals" can do.


THE HUNTED

Many are the creatures that stalk the nightmares of hunters. They seek to move
unseen through mortal society, alternately using humansas prey, toolsor companions

Each has a particular style of operation, and cunning hunters soon discover the means
of identifying and defeating them — or they die trying

VAMPIRES

Vampires, perhaps the most ubiquitous foes of hunters, sustain themselves on the
blood of the living. Cursed with undeath and eternal hunger, they stalk the night in
pale human guises, playing political games that span generations. Humans are pawns
in the games of truly old vampires, in unfathomable contests that provide the only
entertainment for beings jaded by centuries of nocturnal existence.

Capable of rapid healing and mind control, and possessed of incredible physical
prowess, vampires are formidable opponents indeed. Vampire hunters must arm
themselves with fire and Faith to have any hope of victory. Even the Society of
Leopold — the modern arm of the Inquisition — finds these creatures dangerous in
the extreme. Worse still, many vampires subtly manipulate hunters into cunning
plots, unleashing the unwitting assassins on the undead's own enemies. Rare indeed
is the hunter who makes a practice of stalking vampires and manages to survive
longer than a year.

Laws of the Night contains complete information regarding these dark predators.

WEREWOLVES

Werewolves seem like normal humans or wolves, but they change shape freely
through a range of forms between the two. Stalking the wilderness and tracts of

unspoiled land between cities, werewolves exhibit powerful ties to the natural world

Their shamanistic practices allow them to call on spirits for aid and to enter the spirit
world. Possessed of formidable natural weaponry and a speed and strength born of feral
tage, a werewolf is a terrifying combination of spiritual entity and marauding killer.

Hunters who make a career of stalking werewolves are fewer even than those
who fight vampires. Not only is the wolf-man form of a werewolf far more powerful
than any human, but instinctive terror overrides all but the most strong-willed
mortal when a werewolf bri

its full rage to bear. Silver provides the only

consistent defense, as many a now-deceased hunter has discovered on trying other

folk-wards against the shapeshifters.
Laws of the Wild contains complete information on werewolves.

MAGES

More human than human, mages manipulate reality itself through force of will
Whether by chanted ritual, martial arts mastery,

xotic rites or extremely advanced

technology, mages focus arcane energies to create limitless varieties of effects.

Lightning bolts, stalking minions and plasma rifles are the ends faced by unwary

hunters. Moving unnoticed through human society, mages play the odds and bend

fortune to their favor. Few hunters can detect mages, and fewer still can mount
effective strategies against them. When confronted directly, mages bring incredible

"coincidence" to the fore, expertly vanishing (and sometimes leaving behind unpl
ant surprises) while leaving hunters bewildered by their foul luc!


Lone of the Hint

WRAITHS

The restless dead sometimes remain in contact with the living world when

unfinished business or unresolved passion calls more fiercely than the grave. Trapped
inasha

Jow existence ina plane of grayness and death, wraiths rarely manage to affect

the living world, but some master arcane powers that allow them to manifest ghostly
images, hauntings, cold zones, poltergeist lights and disconcerting noises. Worse still,
wraiths are sometimes capable of possessing humans and reaching into the living
world directly, while remaining safely on the spirit plane. Because the spirits of the
dead exist ina world apart from the living, they are difficult to affect directly. Studious
hunters may learn $

rcery capable of binding or banishing wraiths, and some few have
atalent for seeir

and hearing ghosts. Better still, a knowledgeable hunter can track

down the objects and people to which a wraith had connections in life, and find out

why they continue to compel the wraith beyond death.
Oblivion for Mind's
wraiths
CHANGELINGS

Long ago, when the world was filled with wonder

Eye Theatre contains complete information regarding

faeries and creatures of dream

inhabited the Earth alongside humans. Now, ina moder age of science and mundane

life, the powers of dream and imagination are forced into a half-existence. Chang
lings survive by clothing faerie spirits in human bodies, and they strive to bring wonder
to a banal world.

Few hunters actively persecute the fae, partly because changelings usually
resemble normal humans, and partly because the fae do not often take an inimical
stance nd
some hunters find the thought of alien spirits in human flesh sacrilegious. For any
hunter of changeling:

gainst humanity. Still, some changelings delight in tormenting mortals,

iron and unbelief are the most potent implements with which
to fight the fae.

Complete information regarding changelings can be found in The Shining Host.

LEXICON

Both hunter organizations and Mind's Eye Theatre call fora special vocabulary,
so some common terms follow

¢ Ability: The skills, talents and knowledge a character possesses.

* Arcanum, The: A scholarly organi
about the supernatural

* Attributes: The measure of a character's basic Physical, Social and Mental
statistics. Measured with Traits

* Auto-da-fé: The "act of faith," a call of judgment against a supernatural
creature by the Society of Leopold. Generally, a prelude to a full hunt

tion dedicated to collecting knowledge

* Benandanti, The: A loose organization of mortals with the ability to enter the
Shadowlands, the realm of the dead.

© Bidding: Part of the mechanism of challenges. The risking of Traits in order
to win a challenge.

* Cenacl

A group of Inquisitors.

* Cenaculum: Local headquarters of the Inquisition. A meeting place and safe
haven for such hunters.

* Challenge: The system by which conflicts between characters are resolved
through the bidding of Traits and the use of "Rock-Paper-Scissors."

© Chapter House: A stronghold and library of the Arcanum.

* Health: A measure of physi
much injury a hunter has sustained.

I damage and vitality, Used to determine how

© Hedge Magic: See Sorcery.

* Humanity: The essential qualities of mortal vibrancy that set humans apart
from supernatural creatures. Measured in Traits

* Influences: The measure of how much control a character has over assorted
social institutions. Measured with Traits.

* Numina: A special paranormal ability — True

aith, Sorcery, or Psychic
Phenomena — possessed by an otherwise normal human
* Project Twilight: A special government program devoted to investigating

paranormal phenomena and capturing supernatural creatures.

* Psychic Phenomena: Term for a class of not-wholly-understood powers that

functions as an extension of the mind, allowing a human to expand awareness and
capabilities. Includes mind reading (telepathy), remote sensing (clairvoyance) and
remote manipulation (telekinesis).

* Relics An artifact of True F

association with a saint.

ith imbued with holy power, usually due to its

* Society of Leopold, The: The modern successor of the Inquisition. A secret
arm of the Church dedicated to fighting the supernatural.

* Sorcery
than, the Tr

Ritual magic as practiced by mortals. Different from,and more limited
Magick woven by mages.

© Theurgy: Divinely empowered "white magic."
© Tri
© True Faith: That rare quality of belief in and acceptance of one's ordained
place in the universe, generally as part of the plan of a higher being.

An adjective used to describe a hunter character

* Willpower: The measure ofa hunter's conviction and perseverance. Measured
in Traits



CHAPTER TWO:

CHARACTER

Creating a mortal character is nothing less than building an entire persona. From

goals and history to personal capabilities, you need to determine various aspects of

your character's personality and background. By selecting Traits to describe your

character, you he ne the role that you'll play

eSCOC—V———_—_—_—<s
© STEP ONE: INSPIRATION

— Choose Concept, Nature and Demeanor, Motivation and Association (if any)

STEP TWO: ATTRIBUTES

Prioritize the three categories Physical, Social, Mental (6/4/3)

Choose Physical Traits
— Choose Social Traits

— Choose Mental Traits

STEP THREE: ADVANTAGES
— Choose three Abilities
— Assign Abilities from Association (if any)

— Choose one Influence

STEP FOUR: FINISHING TOUCHES
— Record Willpower and Humanity Traits
— Choose Negative Traits, if any
— Purchase Merits and Flaws, if any

— Spend Free Traits (5, or 7 for independents)

STEP FIVE: SPARK OF LIFE


Laws of thettant
STEP ONE: INSPIRATION

Before you start writing anything down, take a moment to think about your

aan

hunter. What kind of character do you want to play? Would he be a physical, rough-

and-tumble person, or more of an introspective intellectu

Don't feel that you have to limit your choices in any way

ven the right
circumstances, anyone can find himself thrown into the role of the hunter, be it due
to curiosity, revenge or even just for the thrills,

One way to make certain that your character is more than two-dimensional is to
come up with not just one, but two separate motivational forces in his life. What is
important to him besides hunting down the supernatural horrors of the night? What
did your normal, everyday run-of-the-mill character do before his eyes opened to the
secret horrors of the World of Darkness?

Imagine a math teacher who loves the precise diligence of model trains. Or a
business executive who fell just short of making it into the major leagues and now
watches his son play shortstop every Sunday afternoon after church. Or the sheriff of
a small town who trims bonsai trees.

Any of these characters has the potential to
become a hunter, given the right impetus.

NATURE AND DEMEANOR

Atthis point, youshould choose personality Archetypes thatsuit your character's
disposition and image.

Your character's Nature is the most dominant aspect of her true personality

While Nature describes who your character re
only Archetype that applies. As we said above, people have many desires and
motivations, and what you want the world to believe about you isn't always the truth.

lly is, your Nature is not necessarily the

Once you've chosen a Nature for your character, you should also choose a
Demeanor, which is the face your character shows the world. Your Demeanor does not
need to be different from your Nature, but having a dramatically different Nature and
Demeanor creates an exciting and dynamic personality to roleplay.

In game terms, Nature and Demeanor help to outline the behaviors of characters. A.
character will tend to act ina manner compatible with her Demeanor, while attempting
to fulfill the goals of her Nature. In some cases, if a character demonstrates his Nature in
an exemplary fashion (a Caregiver rushes intoa burning house to save a child, for instance,
ora Bravo intimidates a powerful supern: ture), the Storyteller or Narrator may
a Willpower or Humanity Trait to the character

ural crea

choose to award the player by refreshing

However, insight into a character's Nature allows others to manipulate the

character by playing on his beliefs and goals. If you know someone's Nature, you may
use it in a bid just like a Ne
action. For ex:

ative Trait, as long as the situation is appropriate to the

mple, you may use the Judge Nature when trying to convince a hunter
to help you slay a murderous enemy, but you cannot bid the Child Nature to use
psychic powers more effectively on the target.

ARCHITECT

You want to forge something lasting. You gain satisfaction by building something for
the future that will endure. Whether organizing a new hunter group or writing scholarly

book on the supernatural, you want to leave something behind hefore you're gone


a a a eae a ee Character Lreation

BRAVO

Life is tough all over, especially if you're justa mortal trying tosurvive ina world

of supernatural predators. It's dog-eat-dog, and you intend to do the eating. Security

and respect come only with power and the ability ro back up your decrees. You are
merciless to the supernatural creatures that prey on humanity and anyone else who
gets in the way of your quest

CAREGIVER

In this dark world, only people who care can make a real difference. Ye

want
to help others and alleviate suffering. You resolve problems and bring stability, so
that people have an island of calm in a world of turmoil.

CHILD
Althoug

You find it difficult to provide for yourself, and the world is complex and bewildering

h you may not physically be a child, youstill have the mentality of one

CONFORMIST

You adapt to any situation by following someone else's lead. Although some

would say that you have no spine, you're just as brave as any other hunter; you just do

your job best when you're following orders or fitting in. You keep your group together
with your stability and your enthusi

CONNIVER

Why doall the work when you can get someone

m for getting the job done by the book

else to do it for you? Better still,

why expose yourself to unnecessary risk? You prefer to devise cunning plans to get
what you want. Even your enemies become your unwitting pawns as you play them
against one another

DEVIANT
For whatever reason, you just don't fit in with the rest of your society. You
have your own code of morals and belie

ind it just doesn't mesh with the status
quo. Although this code can get you in trouble, you have a tendency to look at
things from a different perspective, and your unorthodox methods still get results.

DIRECTOR

You naturally take the lead in any situation. Delegating authority and

anizing a group are both second nature to you. You neatly divide things into
sides — those with you, and those against you — and damned if you're going to
let your side lose. You may not be a natural leader, but it's certainly the role that
you prefer to play.

FANATIC

Whether on a quest to destroy all vampires, to discover the secrets of the

magical world or just to get a really good cup of coffee, you have some belief or

agenda that consumes your every waking hour. You spend all of your energies toward

accomplishing the goals of your espoused virtues. Your cause is everything, and

nothing will get in your way


GALLANT

You live the high life with flair and style. Getting attention is your chief desire,
and you act flamboyantly and wildly to do so.

(ou are shameless in your quest for

fulfillment. Roguish and extroverted, you undertake the most amazing feats just for the

attention and a rousing good time.

HEDONIST

Hunters just wanna have fun, and that's your big motivation. Fulfilling all of your
needs and desires consumes much of your time, but for a hunter, the adrenaline rush
of stalking a supernatural predator beats all. When you're not exercising your skills on
the hunt, you turn to other sorts of recreation, legal or otherwise. Ultimately, life's a
big party, so you'd better feel the burn as mu

JESTER

You dislike misery and suffering, so much so that you can't take any situation

h as possible before it all burns down.

seriously. You're always ready with a joke or wisecrack. In lighter situations, you're

humorous and witty; when things get dark, you can be annoying. Your wit is your
shield against the horrors of the world.

JUDGE

In any two sides, there are three stories: the story of the first side, the story of the
second side and the truth. You want to find the truth, and you need to bring justice
and reconciliation to everyone. You seek to finish confrontations, mend arguments
and punish the wi

LONER

Nobody can really touch you, because you're all alone, even ina crowd. Whether
yousimply drive people away by dint of personality, oractively seek to keep to yourself,
you have few reasons to associate with others and fewer friends. You may not
understand people at all, or perhaps you think you understand them too well.
Regardless

ed through disputation, diplomacy or outright gunplay.

you simply avoid contact, getting things done without letting others get

in the way.

MARTYR

A willingness to give of yourself, even to death, fills you with purpose. Not
everyone can be

a martyr, but somebody needs to make sacrifices for the greater good,
and you're willing to do so. You fight the good fight even when you're going to lose,
because the good of all people rests on your shoulders.

REBEL

You just don'thold with authority. People who try to tell you what todo get on your
nerves. Supernaturals that try to control people are even worse. You're a maverick,
constantly doing things your own way, sometimes just to spite your superiors

SURVIVOR
You've seen a lot and lived through it all. Whether shot, stabbed, poisoned,

frozen or justharangued, nothing you just get upand keep going. When
the chips are down, you pull out your best and gear up.

puts you dow!


A_A_A_A__A__4___
ss

TRADITIONALIST

Supernatural creatures are beings of myth and legend. It's only appropriate to
fight them with the wisdom of such tales. You believe that the old ways are the best,
and you resist change. You try to get others to follow your example of upholding
tradition. Even when things start br

aking down, you are reluctant to change because

change is an unknown, and the new paradigm could easily be worse.

VISIONARY

You have keen ins‘

at vision for the future. Your vision
may include anything from discovering a way to redeem vampires to uniting all of

ht, which gives you a gre

humanity in the quest to oust the paranormal, but this vision separates you from others
and gives you uncommon wisdom. Through your personal foresight, yousee new paths
and ideas that others can't envision.

MOTIVATION

After you've chosen Nature and Demeanor, it's time to decide exactly why your
character wants to hunt down the evil denizens of the supernatural world. Your
character's Motiv:

ation isthe answer to that question. Motivation is strongly influenced

by the character's personality and history. Perhaps you hunt for Revenge because a
vampire killed your wife. Or maybe you're just a Hedonist who lives for the thrill of the
hunt. Delve into what drives yourcharacter to confront powers beyond mortal compare

Different motives drive different hunters. Separate from personality and job-
description, Motivation describes why a hunter goes out and stalks supernatural
creatures, Ultimately, your Motivation determines the type of goals you assign to
yourself. A hunter motivated by Curiosity is likely to study the supernatural, whereas
a Hatre,

oriented hunter probably tries to kill paranormal creatures

COMPASSION

A hunterdriven by compassion seeks his prey not todestroy an evil, but torelease

atortured soul. Whether he believes that supernatural creatures are under the control
¢, he seeks to grant them
release. Such hunters may not wish to kill their targets at all, but only seek to imprison

of some demonic entity or just victims of a terrible disea

them where they can dono harm until acure for lycanthropy or vampirism can be found.

CONTROL

Perhaps supernatural creatures aren't in control

of themselves or even aware

of their actions. A hunter who believes this supposition might seek to capture his

prey in an attempt to bring them under control or use them in some way. A hunter

who understands that some are more powerful than others might hunt down the

weaker creatures and attempt to harness them as stalking horses in order to find

the strong:

CURIOSITY

A bunter, particularly one new to the profession, might not be certain yet that

er ones.

supernatural creatures truly do exist. She might be more interested in studying them
than simply slaughtering them. Either way, such a hunter seeks definite proof of the

h when it

existence and capabilities of vampires, werewolves and ghosts, altho

comes down to it, survival might make combat a necessity


pun

Not all Motivations are selfish ones. Some hunters do what they do because they feel
theyare theonly ones whocan. A hunter driven by duty knows that vampiresare dangerous,
but cannot help but hunt them down. Afterall, if he doesn't, who will? Because he knows
about the threat of the supematural, he feels compelled to do something about it.

FEAR

Ifthese creaturesare out there, who's tosay they won't someday come after you? Better
to be prepared to fight them — even to the point of actively going after them — than to lie
awake every night, wondering if every noise is caused by something that seeks your blood.

FUN
Who says that tracking bears in the woods and leopards in the jungle is the only
excitement a hunter can dream of? There are things out there that fancy themselves

the kings of the world, and your hunter is out there to show them different. It doesn't
matt

what they are, or what they can do. With enough preparation (and caliber),
it doesn't mean anything but more thrill for your kill.

HATRED

For whatever reason, a hunter has discovered that vampires, werewolves and other
bhors them, and he seeks to rid the world of their menace. This sort
of hunter is extremely driven, and is unlikely to see that such creatures could ever

monsters exist. He a

accomplish anything good. Extreme religious fanaticism or just plain spite at creatures
that claim to be "better than humar

INSANITY

For whatever reason a hunter began his career, it has become so twisted that all that

" could drive a hunter to this level of antipathy.

remains is obsession. Such a hunter has made it her only goal in life, and nothing else
matters beyond tracking down the evils she knows are out there. She might do it more out
of habit than anything else, and little else in life holds any meaning for her any longer.

POWER

ome hunters can become dangerously fascinated by their prey. They might
know of the power

ampire's blood gives to.a mortal or even desire the immortality
of undeath. Such a hunter's goal might be to capture a werewolf and force it to bite
her so that she too can know the thrill of running under the moon.

RECOGNITION

There are hunters who don't even care about what they do at all; they do it merely to

be successful at something. Whether the next monster is the one that gets hera promotion

or merely validates her talents, nothing matters except the satisfaction of a job well done.
Vengeance
vampire ste:

> is one of the most common motiv

for hunting down vampires. A
nd if one of those lives meant
something to your hunter, she's got a new goal in life. Revenge-driven hunters often

Isa life from the world every time it feeds,

begin their careers by seeking out a single vampire, but once they've discovered that
more of these loathsome cr

‘atures exist, they continue the crusade, blindly striking
back at the source of their original injuries.

ASSOCIATION

Most hunters belong to an organi

tion of some sort, working in association with
like-minded individuals. At this point, you decide whether your character belongs to
such an organization. Optionally, your hunter could be independent, traveling the
lonely road of a hunter without allies,

Membership in an organization has certain benefits, mostly due to the resources

available to the group. However, an affiliated hunter must pay attention to the demands
and politics of his order, while an independent can pretty much do as he pleases.

Hunter Associations promote groups of individuals with resources, information

and assist

ince. While a lone hunter is easy prey for a sing

vampire or werewolf, a
group of hunters united by a common goal are a force with which to be reckoned. A
hunter's Association often determines her hunting style and beliefs about specific
supernatural entities. Religious hunters, for instance, are more likely to stalk and
destroy without remorse, while a scholarly hunter could use Sorcery to entrap a
creature

nd gather information about it

There are three main approaches to hunting the supernatural, and thus three
classes of hunter groups, each with particular orgar
methods to huntin

tions that espouse different
A character may also be independent, operating outside the

bailiwick of any particular organization

Joining a particular organization carries with it certain benefits, but also some
drawbacks. Members often garner speciali
some

ed Abilities and training, and they have
amount of special backing. Of course, these organi:

ions demand some return

from their members, so affiliated hunters must fulfill certain obligations. Indepen-
dents, by contrast, have no particular obligations, but also do not have the benefits of
a group of like-minded people giving advice and support.

THE INQUISITION

Formed in the harrowing days of the Dark Ages, the Inquisition carries outa holy
mandate, seeking out and destroying the perceived menace of supernatural creatures
Even lay members of the organ

tion believe that they carry on the fight of "right"
and "wrong," and that they take on an endless task to promote the greater good of
humanity. Unlike religiously motivated independent hunters, the Inquisitors work
under the aegis of an overarching church organization, which protects and promotes
their activities.

Advantage: Inquisitors live the tenets of their faith, and as such, have the
capability to develop their inner strength through practice. While most characters
must rely on Storyteller discretion to improve their True Faith ratings, Inqu

expend earned

itors may

th Trait

Experience Traits to raise their True Faith. Each additional F:

costs three Experience Traits

Disadvantage: To maintain Faith (and the approval of superiors), members of
the Inquisition must refrain from using methods that endanger their Humanity or
religious standing. Inquisitors must always be

reful to avoid hurting innocents when

battling demons. Members of the Inquisition must maintain at least four Humanity
Traits, and any deed that requires a Humanity che

also requires some form of
en if the Humanity Trait is not lost. Additionally, the Inquisitor's
superiors may call for an investi

penance, ev

ion, or declare a need for penance, if the Inquisitor
commits an act proscribed by the doctrines of the Church.


Lao othottin!

Character Sug Members of the Inquisition often have Social Attributes
as primary, and common Abilities include Leadership, Meditation (through prayer) and
Melee. Inquisitors frequently have the Numina of True

THE SOCIETY OF LEOPOLD

Formed in A.D. 1231 by Leopold of Murnau, with the consent of Pope Gregory

Faith, and some study Theurgy.

IX, the Society served as a secret arm of the Catholic Church's Inquisition. Though
changing times forced the Society to avoid scrutiny as it continued the Inquisition
against supernatural creatures, the Society slowly grew in and dedication,

eventually becoming a potent organization with hidden bases in much of Europe and

the Americas. Even racked by internal dissent and philosophical debate, the Society

managed to remain dedicated to its original cause —the destruc

jon ofall supernatural
creatures — even into the modern day. By 1998, the ascension to Inquisitor-General
of Ingrid Bauer (nicknamed "the Original Iron Maiden" for her incredible ruthless-
ness) has forged the Society's modern Inquisitors into terrifying f

natical warriors,

trained with swords and willing to use torture in their quest

Hunters within the Society of Leopold exist to root out and destroy all supernatu-
ral creatures, based on the belief that such creatures

are willing or unwitting minions
of the Devil. The Society is organized into small groups called "cenacle:
nswer to the local Provincial, and ultin

" which
ely to the Inquisitor-General in Rome. A
itors, generally operating out of a central
location (the Cenaculum). These cenacles share society resources and training,
operating locally to watch for supernatural influence and stop it. When the Society
deems it appropriate, it issues an auto-da-fé (act of faith), in which the cenacle gathers
to undertake a holy mission of purification. Ultimately, all cenacles answer to the
Inquisitor.

cenacle consists of a small group of Inqui

neral, the supreme director of the Society.

There are several sects within the Society of Leopold. Each subdivision espouses
a particular approach to combating the supernatural menace, and plays a specific role
in the Society's mission. Beyond these subdivisions, various philosophical sects

espouse the views of different hunters with regards to the ultimate aims of the Society.
Many, though notall, Inquisitors claim membership in a particular sect. Membership

inasubdivision is by no means mandatory, and indeed, the Society is formed primarily
of Inquisitors whose primary duty is the hunt rather than any other internal Society
function. The smaller sects, by contrast, rarely claim any overt membership, as they
are not "officially recognized" by the Inquisition.

Abilities and Background: Members of the Society of Leopold all gain one
Ability Trait of Theology to reflect their religious upbringing, as well as one Church

Influence Trait because of their contacts within the Church. These Traits come at no

additional cost to the Inquisitor, and they are granted during character creation; later

recruits to the Society can purchase these Traits normally, but do not get them free.

THE CONDOTIERRI

This militaristic group is more concerned with protecting the Society than with
ectly pursuing its goals. The Condotierti are not Inquisitors per se, but serve
naculum guards and bodyguards. The group is directed by a Condotierre-General,
who answers to the Inquisitor-General directly. When assigned to a specific cenacle,

the senior-ranking Condotierre usually concedes to the senior Inquisitor, unless the
Condotierre has reason to believe that the safety of the Society is at stake.


ondotierri often learn Abilities that help them in the defense of a Cenaculum,
such as Firearms, Investigation and Melee.

THE OFFICE OF THE CENSOR

The Office of the Censor serves as an internal watchdog for the Inquisition.

Censors investigate, observe and document the operations of the Society itself. They
primarily seek to keep the Society pure and stamp out any potential threats, whether
spiritual or intellectual. These monitors remain active to ensure that no Inquisitor
becomes tainted by the infernal creatures with whom she deals. If a Censor visits a
cenacle, she must be made privy to all records, and she may request access to any of
the members for questioning, interviews or opinions. Thus, the Censors perform the
important task of policing the Society's own members, rooting out corruption and
destroying outside influences on the Society.

Itiswith the Censors thatall practitionersof Theurgy, the Inquisition'sown heavenly
brand of magic, must register. The study of magic is not a very reputable pastime in the
Society, where all believe magic to be more or less of the Devil, and its practitioners come
under careful scrutiny. F

lure to cooperate with a Censorial investigation of Theurgy is
not automatically grounds for a tribunal, but the weight of suspicion quickly drives such
independents out of the Society — assuming that they aren't hunted first for heresy

Censorial monitors often learn the Occult Ability, so as to recognize possible
corruption, and to develop their knowledge of Theology as well.

GLADIUS DEL

The Gladius Dei, or Sword of God, includes in its folds the most highly respecte
and the shortest-lived of the Society's members. These Inquisitors ¢

re hand-picked by
the Inquisitor-General to perform the most sacred and dangerous missions. Members
of Gladius Dei function as shock troops for the Society. When a mission is too
dangerous or critical to be entrusted to regular Inquisitors, the Gladius Dei is assigned

Naturally, the nature of most such missions leads to an appalling attrition rate, but
when the Society uncovers a powerful threat that must be dealt with — location of a
vampire elder, for instance, or the rescue of an important Society member held by
strong cabal of supernatural creatures — the members of the Gladius Dei charge into the
fray. No auto-da-fé has ever failed when the Gladius Dei was employed to take it on.

Usually, Gladius Dei members come from older cenacles, and they assemble as

a group only when called on. They are rare within the Society, due both to attrition

and to the rigorous training necessary. Not every cenacle has one on hand.
Gladius Dei members usually have a great deal of Ability in Firearms, Mel

Security and Investigation; most also have some Abilities from their days prior to
induction within the ranks of the (suicidally) blessed.

THE ORDER OF SAINT JOAN

With roots going back almost as far as the Inquisition itself, this female collective

of vampire hunte

is passionate, vicious in battle and entirely inspired by God. The
Order is nearly autonomous, recognizing the authority of the Society of Leopold, but
maintaining its own hierarchy. Members of this Order often hold membe

hip ina
Society cenacle, but they never rise to high rank, as their loyalties ultimately lie with
their Order's own Abbess. Like their patron, the visionary Jeanne Roullet, they are
loyal warriors of God above all else.


The Order of Saint Joan does not recruit; rather, it waits for some sign to indicate a
potential new member. Young women who experience divine visions, or who take up the
crusade on their own, are often approached for membership; some few even discover the
number of members in the

existence of the Order on their own and ask to join. A larg
Orderhavestrong True Faith,

nd the Orderconsidersacts of faith signs of potential sisters.

ly have some level of Melee Ability, as they often take the
ht directly to vampires and their ilk. The Ability of Performance is also encouraged; the
Order perst

St. Joan's devotees ust

des its members to undertake dance, gymnastics, and other activities that

serve both

s physical conditioningand as artistic e

OTHER SECTS

Sever

pression, in order to temper theirzeal.

al smaller sects exist within the Society of Leopold, and they are separated

more by their ideological differences than any particular task within it. These sects are

not officially recognized within the Society, but they espouse different means of

undertaking the Society's mission. Many Inquisitors, even while not claiming mem-

bership in any given sect, remain sympathetic to the views of one sect or another.
Brethren of Albertus

Following in the footsteps of their icon, Albertus Magnus, the Brethren of

Albertushold the belief that they must prepare themselves properly in order tocombat
the evil magic practiced by the minions of the Devil. The Albertines engage in the
study and practice of Theurgy (magic stemming from the Divine).

All Albertines are required to register with the Office of the Censor as a matter
of course. Most other Inquisitors view the Albertines with a suspicious eye, believing
that Theurgy is simply an inviting deception designed to lure the Albertines into the
practice of darker magics. Certainly, individual Albertines have become the targets
of other Inquisitors after adopting sympathetic views toward other supernaturals, but
the Brethren's unparalleled skills in containing spirits and healing the injured still
supports their continued survival in the Society.

Albertines often study Occult and Theology Abilities in order to develop their
Theurgy.

A few Albertines have some Lore knowledge as a result of their constant
scrutiny of the supernatural world.

Children of Lazarus

This group believes that the greatest possible sin is to violate the sanctity of
Christ's miracles. They maintain that only Jesus was able to rise beyond death, and all
creatures who claim todoso — vampires, most notably —are purveyors ofthe greatest
sin. They strive to bring Final Death to such heretics, defending the teachings of

Christ as the only true resurrection.

This, the largest sect within the Inquisition, is obsessively concerned with the

destruction of vampires. Although other supernatural creatures are still considere

threats, vampires form the greatest peril to the divine word, according to the Children.

Children of L
swords, stakes, torches and other weapons that are more effective than simple bullets when
fighting undead. Some few Children have Vampire Lore as a result of their constant fight.
hers of the Good Death

arus usually improve their Melee skills, so as to combat vampires with

This assembly of ordained priests follows the doctrine that vampires are essen-
tially evil spirits from the time before the Flood, who have taken over the bodies of the
innocent to cause the moral decay of society. The Fathers believe that these creatures

breed sin by actively destroying the religious ethics, individual codes of honor and
spiritual love of their prey. The Fathers combine the spread of faith with exorcism and

the hunting of supernatural entities in order to defend the innocent

Thissect focuses primarily on trackingand destroyingpre-Flood spirits, Ofcourse, the
difficulty indoingsokeeps their membershipsmall and their missionsscarce, Additionally,
the limited success of thei

methods leads many to question their capabilities. Still, the
Fathers have no lack of zeal, no matter how inaccurate their beliefs may be.

Fathers of the Good Death often study Occult Ability, and especially Spirit Lore,
todiscover more information about their spiritual quarry. History is another common
Ability, centering mostly around ancient biblical studies.

The Florentines

The Florentines work ina manner far different from that of the rest of their
organization. They believe in saving the souls of the damned, not destroying them
They work to aid supernatural creatures in order to rescue them from their mighty,
wicked master and show them the true path to God, enlightenment and eventually,
eternal peace. The non-traditional beliefs of this sect, also known as the Florentine
Heresy, have led to persecution within the Inquisition in the past, so most modern
Florentines hide their true ethical beliefs as best they can. Few Florentines know for
certain how many others share their views, because those who doare rarely open about
it. Several Inquisitors lean tov

ard thissectand have, in recent years, begun to question
the methods of their predecessors.

Florentines must be crafty in order to survive within the Society, and as such,
many develop Subterfuge, both to convince others (including fellow Inquisitors and

supernatural creatures) of the rightness of their cause and to suc

ssfully hide

themselves from discovery. The Florentines also have significant Occult knowledge,

the better to counter the Devil's a
Order of Saint Peter

ver faithful to their ideal, S
in Rome, these Inquisitors wor

iments with their own

aint Peter, who defeated Simon Magus centuries ago

to root out mages, witches and all others who utiliz
demonic gifts. The Order makes no distinction betw

ntrue magick, hedge magic and
Infernalism, but believes them all to result from traffic with the Devil. Naturally, this
antagonism to magical power places the Order at odds with the Albertines.

Members of the Order use Investigation to hunt down witches and mages,
recognizing the signs of magic use through their Occult Ability. However, most
members of the Order refuse to study the Occult Ability beyond a cursory level; they
seek enough information to hunt and destroy mages without corrupting their own
souls with heretical knowledge

int Claire

Sisterhood of

Claire was a [3th century nun who believed that one must live in absolute
poverty in order to enjoy the riches of the Lord. Her sect within the Inquisition is
composed of those who take vows of poverty in order to enjoy the gifts of healing and
spirituality. They refuse all personal possessions and material comforts, with the
exception of that which is given them by the Society to prepare for missions. They are

excellent at accelerating the healing of wounds (whether mortally or magically

inflicted) by the power of prayer, devotion and laying on of hands.

Members of this sect commonly possess True F:
healingartsof Theurgy. Obviously, the

ith, and many study the divine

Aedicine Ability iscommonamong the Sisterhood.


Sons of Tertullian
This extremely orthodox sect subscribes to the theory thatall who denounce God
must be possessed. They pursue wraiths with the same ardor that the Children of
Lazarus pursue vampires. To the Sons, faith is a natural state, and only evil spirits —
the ghosts across the Shroud — can cause humans to

xhibit disbelief. The Sons

further espouse the view that these evil spirits masquerade as the dead in order to lull
victims into complacency, and that these spirits are responsible for many of the powers
of other supernatural entities. Thus, the Sons fanatically pursue and destroy wraiths
as the supposed architects of most, if not all, supernatural evils.

Sons of Tertullian use the Investigation Ability to track down ghostly occurrences,

and may even develop a modicum of Wraith Lore as an adjunct to their wraithly

hunting.
Sect of Saint Jam

This sub-cult of the Sons of Tertullian combats wraiths on their own ground
that of the Underworld. Each member of this cult eventually commits a religious
suicide with a weapon of his own fashioning and construction, in order to transport

himself over to the Shadowlands.

Zach suicide then proceeds to destroy as many
wraiths as he can before he is destroyed himself.

Naturally, the extreme views of this subsect (combined with the constant
attrition of ritual suicides) make the sect quite small and well hidden.

Members of the Sect of Saint James garner Abilities similar to those of the parent
Sons of Tertullian, but of course they also develop their Melee Ability so that they can
destroy more wi

NON-CATHOLIC INQUISITORS

Though religious differences keep these groups sey

aiths once they commit suicide.

arated and sometimes
even opposed, they do share the goal of eradicating supernatural threats for the

safety of their members' spiritual well-being. Some groups outside of the Society
of Leopold have been known to ally against common targets. Doctrinal disputes
prevent too much cooperation, but given the shortage of trained hunters, many
will pool their resources informally to track difficult adversaries, worrying about
differences of faith later.

THE SOCIETY OF SAINT GEORGE

This Anglican group, operating primarily in England, retains much of the
structure of its Catholic forebears, in spite of doctrinal differences. Following the

model of Saint George, they are "dragon-slayers," hunters who enter battle directly
against agents of the supernatural. Although they revile the Society of Leopold as
"misguided," they keep their own organization, which structurally mirrors the Society
of Leopold. Members of the Society of Saint George follow an idealized code of English
knighthood; all recruits undergo an Ordeal, and swear an oath to serve God and the
ociety in the protection of mankind.

Members of the Society of Saint George are warriors first and foremost; they all
develop their Melee and Dodge Abilities, preferring traditional hand-to-hand combat
with the creatures of darkness.


Cheat ler { réation

IKHWAN AL-SAFA

The Brethren of Purity, a Muslim group, isaserious rival to the Society of Leopold
in Muslim countries. Their "Red Sc

mitar" emblem is rapidly becoming well-known
to supernatural creatures in the Middle East. Combining pragmatic training with
fanatical religious devotion, the Ikhwan al-Safa presents a formidable threat. Their
strict and conservative interpretations of the Koran lead them to hunt all manner of
supernatural entities, but also give the group a decidedly insular bent: Members are as

likely to target other religious organizations as they are to hunt paranormal cr

atures,
seeing no distinction between these "many and varied faces of Shaitan." Still, the
Brethren call on the use of their own particular Theurgy, magically binding jinn to
service, and consider many of the magical arts of alchemy and astrology to be "natural

sciences" and well within their acceptable purview

Ikhwan al-Safa trains its members in Melee, with the ubiquitous scimitar that

serves as their symbol. Members also commonly learn Security, so that they can defeat

modern technological security measures when stalking their prey.

ARRITAL

This collection of Eastern Orthodox witch-hunters is both an ally and competi-

tor of the Society of Leopold. The Akritai have no formal structure, unlike the Society
of Leopold. Instead, they work in small groups with only loose ties to one another.
Many of the witch-hunters in eastern Europe, from Greece to Russia, are counted as
Akritai, and there is much frustration in the Society over the failure to recruit the
Akritai asa whole. The most prominent Akritai is currently believed to be the Exarch
of the Greel

division, an Orthodox monk who lives cloistered on Mount Athos.

Because the Akritai work in small groups outside of any hierarchy, they often
study more scholarly pursuits like Occult and History, answering only to their own
consciences (and knowledge) when engaged in the hunt.

THEJUDGES

These Jewish hunters have sworn to protect their communities from the children

of Lilith and other demons. The Judges use the trappings of Judaic tradition, including
the Torah, the Talmud, and an ancillary collection of writings and notes from previous
Judges, to determine their agenda. Both Reform and Orthodox followers of Judaism
are found in this group; Kabbalists,
laypersons fulfill the Judges' goals.

bbis and even insightful and well-trained

The Judges have their own interpretations of Scripture and theological wisdom,
and not all of it meshes with that of the Society of Leopold. As a result, the Judges
engage in slightly different practices, leaving mages unmolested, yet

zealously hunting
true Infernalists and vampires. Additionally, although small and disorganized, the
Judges area very cooperative society; there is little schism over dogma, and so they are
remarkably effective in bringing the most appropriate forces to bear in a hunt.

Judges typically have Occult and Theology Abilities beyond the usual cursory
knowledge possessed by most Inquisitors. Some have combat training, but the more

scholarly among this society tend to leave the actual hunting to more qualified
members of the community, simply dispensing advice and information.


Laws of the tlt
GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Over the course of normal investigations, law enforcement groups and govern-

ment agencies occasionally stumble across supernatural creatures or their influence.
Tracking down such creatures not because they are evil, but because they are bres

king

the law, hunters affiliated with law enforcement can be methodical, organized and

extremely difficult to escape.

It is important to remember that most governmental agencies do not believe in
the supernatural

and hunters are frequently questioned — even suspected of insanity

by their associates and superiors. Still, an FBI agent determined to avenge himself
ona vampiric enemy, ora local police officer trying to get to the bottom ofa mysterious
series of disappearances in a "haunted" house, makes a daunting foe. Unlike Inquisi-

tors, goverr

nental hunters are likely to pursue their course with rigorously rational
vigor, and they are rarely hampered by old folk tales or legends that confuse the issue
they le:

mm everything the hard way, instead.

Several agencies have distinct branches devoted to supernatural troubles, andeven

a local police force can have a detective or two who knows far more than he should. In

general, such hunters operate in secrecy, though it's not unknown for a

government
hunter to take matters into his own hands when chasing a particularly hated quarry.
Advantage: Members of a governmental organization are generally well-trained,
equipped to deal with many situations and have the general acceptance of the public.
All government agents are able to call on assistance with a minimum of fuss, and their
government contacts can gather a great deal of information easily. Government
agents only spend one Expe

ence Trait for each new Influence Trait purchased,

instead of the usual three.

Dis Paperwork is the bane of many investigator's lives, and no
exceptions are made for hunters. They are expected to answer to their superiors, and

dvantage:

to provide full explanations for their actions in the line of duty. Rules and regulations
must be followed, or the hunter may find his backing

anked and his badge removed.
And if he knows too much, he may be considered a security leal

Character Suggestions: Agents usually have Physical Attributes.as Primary, and
common Abilities are Investigation, Firearms, Law, Melee and Brawl. Agents rarely
possess any special Numinae; at most, some agents exhibit Psychic Phenomena, which

are often dismissed as "hunches" or "luc!

FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Within the FBI, the Special Affairs Department (or SAD) officially exists to
investigate "bizarre occult-style crimes." Unofficially, they are aware of the existence
of vampires, lycanthropes, witches, ghosts and fairies, though they don't necessarily
know much about them beyond what is contained in folk tales. Many SAD reports
simply go into "unsolved cases" files. The upper echelons of the FBI rarely accept a
supernatural explanation for a crime.

D's funding is low, and its available agents are few. The government feels little
need tocontinue tosupportan agency that produces limited reliable leads and few solved

cases. Consequently, many SADa

ntsare forced torrely on their own abilities, and they
develop unorthodox but effective methods for prosecuting supernatural crime.


{ het ter { seation

Outside of SAD, normal FBI agents do occasionally run across supernatural cases
Most of the time, such cases are chalked up to bizarre but explainable phenomena. A
few make their way to SAD, but some cases are solved by the diligent efforts of FBI
agents who discover that the occult world is far more re

than they ever imagined
Abilities and Background: FBI agents automatically gain the Ability Traits of
Investigation and Firearms due to their training.

NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY

Ostensibly a giant information-sifting agency, the NSA is responsible for the
collection and analysis of intelligence. The NSA collates and sifts information in
an attempt to preserve national security. From time to time, the Ns
patterns of information that point to the presence of unusu
asa result of supernatural activity). In such cases, the NSA usually makes a simple
note and leaves the file alone, but cases which involve national security have
agents dis]

comes across

| influence (possibly

ched for investigation. In these cases, the information-gathering and
pattern-matching training of the agents leads to quick discovery for unwitting
supernatural creatures, and the NSA uses the same method to deal with such
phenomena as it does with any other threat to national security — elimination.

Some supernatural creatures (especially vampires) actually attempt to
control the NSA directly, but the agency's superior information-gathering
techniques, combined with the development of technology designed to neutral-
ize the influence of supernatural entities, has made such infiltration increasingly
difficult. At present, the NSA is a very real threat to other supernatural

creatures, because it has the information and the wherewithal to discover and
destroy all manner of paranormals:
Abilities and Background: NSA agents automatically gain the Computer and

Investigation Ability Traits from their training.

CENTER FOR DISEASE CONTROL

While it may sound unusual, this agency has turned up some startling facts about
the spread of AIDS and other blood-related viruses.

amination of these facts led to
the theory among a small faction of researchers that vampires do indeed exist, and are
a most unusual vector by which these diseases are spread. CDC researchers have
significant medical influence and training, which allows them to isolate supernatural

creatures through unusual means — by tracking injuries and diseases that could be
associated with patterns of paranormal activity. With national influence and the
welfare of billions of people at stake, the doctors of the CDCare intelligent, motivated
and very, very good at what they do.

Whether they hunt the vampires to stop the spread of disease, or to obtain blood
samples from which they might find a cure of some sort, CDC researchers are
threat to the vampiric Masquerade. Some re:

potent

searchers may seek to capture supernatu-

ral entities, sos to study their "medics
Others see paranormal beings a

I condition," and perhaps even attempt a cure.
a threat to humanity, and arrange matters to bring
other government agencies to bear against those monsters.

Abilities and Background: CDC researchers automatically gain the Ability
Traits of Investigation and Medicine as part of their training


{ Lew? of the Hint

DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION

N
prevent and regulate the spread of narcotics, something that many such creatures take an
active interest in. Obviously, the DEA may stumble across the activities of Setites, Wyrm-
corrupted cartelsor other supernaturals with their fingers in the drug pie

ot necessarily aware of the existence of supernatural creatures, this agency works to,

When such clashes
occur, the agency doesn't usually take any "official" stance — but agents t

ay well have to
dispatch the vampires (or worse) that use the drug trade for income and influence.

DEA agents must deal with the dregs of humanity as a matter of course, and thus are
more inured towards the horror and atroci

y endemic in the supematural world. A little
conflict with superiorsover thesupernatural elementsofacasecouldcausea jaded DEA agent
tocontinue the hunt covertly, On the flip side, individuals with a vested interest in the drug
trade may well take action to try to neutralize orsubvert DEA agents, earning the enmity of
the more dedicated among the agency

Abilitie:

Street

and Background: DEA agents gain the Ability Traits of Firearms and
as part of their training

LOCAL POLICE

Ifitcouldsomehow beassembled, the information possessed by local policeforcesabout

the supernatural would exceed that of any other group. Unfortunately, local agencies don't
share information about unusual and paranormal crimes; indeed, most agencies have only
scant local information, hoarded by one or two quiet officers who categorize the "unsolvable'

cases and, as often as not, know nothing about the supernatural. Could this information be

brought to bear, the local police agencies would have a wealth of supernatural information

but the constant stigma of crackpots, combined with the influence of other supernatural
creatures who use the police departments to destroy evidence of their existence, serves only
to further fragment and distort what information is available.

Supernaturals strive to control local police departments, and in working to establish
that control, they often leave clues about their existence. Indeed, it's not uncommon to.
discovera cop on the payroll ofa vampire, or somehow related toa werewolf. As often as not,
though, other officers may keep an eye out for cops "on the take" and work around them —
or at least conceal case files and information

Crimes linked in some way to the supematural are not that uncommon, as

ampires
manipulate and feed from mortals, werewolves slaughter Wyrm-tainted foes, changelings
attract the wrong sort of attention and wraiths se

to preserve their fetters and haunts. All
of these activities can draw the attention of the local police and lead to an investigation by
a sharp officer who recognizes the signs of supernatural involvement

Abilities and Background: Police officers gain the Ability Traits of Firearms and
Investigation as part of their training,

SCHOLARLY INSTITUTIONS

Sometimes the danger from a hunter comes not to the cr

atures of the night
themselves, but to the secrecy they attempt to maintain. Hunters whoseck knowledg:

have the potential to do more damage to the continued existence of vampires and
other creatures than the most well-armed fanatic bent on the destruction of the
paranormal. As scholarly groups gather tidbits of data, slowly sifting fact from fancy
they g

1 the most valuable prize in the war against the supernatural: Truth. Though


such societies rarely act as actual "hunters," they have the knowledge necessary to
understand and defeat creatures of the supernatural, should study give way to conflict.

The pursuit of knowledge is not often a solitary one, and like other hunters,
scholars of the occult also gather to pool their resources and share their findings. The
groupings usually share common goals or powers. Regardless of their own capabilities,
though

Ith of
knowledge that they can bring to bear, and the fact that they are much more accepting
of the veracity of supernatural knowled

academic societies are dangerous primarily because of the sheer wes

and willing to trade it with otherscholars.

Advantage: Members of scholarly g

upsare generally well informed about their
prey. If it suits the Storyteller's chronicle, scholarly hunters may begin play with one
of the following Ability Traits: Vampire Lore, Werewolf Lore, Mage Lore, Wraith Lore,
or Faerie Lore though the knowledge in question must still be purchased as normal

during character creation. Scholars may also acquire such Ability Traits more easily

than others during a chronicle by consulting the organization's extensive library

Disadvantage: A hunter who doesn't accomplish anything of note is not supported by
hisfellows. Thisaxiom translates to mean publish or perish. Without tangible results adding

tothe institution's body of knowledge, and a regular schedule of papers, seminars and books,

scholarly hunters are discarded in favor of more promising students. Additionally, scholarly
groupstend toemploy secrecy as theironly protection, and they are unlikely to volunteerany
information to outsiders, even if it jeopardizes their chance at having allies

Chara Scholarly hunters usually have Mental Traits as their
primary Attributes, and common Abilities inch

cter Suggestions:

le Investigation, Lore, Occult and Science.
They frequently possess Numinae, especially Sorcery. Many scholars joined institutions as
a means to learning or developing their own Numina. Others come to investigate the

normal

supernatural world after having their eyes opened by a par.

THE ARCANUM

Originally founded in the late 19th Century as a secret society of occultists, the

xperience.

Arcanum has grown into a collection of scholars, all interested in various aspects of

the supernatural, with Chapter Houses on every continent

Existing primarily to observe and learn, the Arcanum investigates all instances
of unusual activity, and members firmly believe in the existence of otherworldly

creat

res. Seeking to catalogue

nd classify the wonders they find, without drawing
any attention to themselves, scholars of the Arcanum tread a deadly path. In nearly
ase, supert

al creatures value their secrecy as much as, if not more than,

their lives. To spy on them can prove to be a most dangerous mission,

Subgroups exist within the Arcanum, different Colleges and Branches, devoted
to the study of particular phenomena, be it vampires, psychic powers, ley lines,
werewolves or alien abductions.

The typical Arcanist is a dedicated researcher who le
life, but also engages in bi

is a fairly normal academic
nd supernatural research on the side. With first-hand
knowledge of various Numinae and extensive files on just about every type of supernatu-

arre

ral creature in the World of Darkness, the Arcanum can bea dangerous opponentindeed

except that its members almost never take any involvement. Instead, Arcanists

simply record and catalogue, sitting back and watching like impartial reporters. Indeed,
the Arcanum seems to place a greater value on information than on human life, as
evidenced when the recent destruction of a Chapter House was heralded with more
horrorover the loss of irreplaceable documents than over the deaths of several members.


Laws of the {inl

Abilities and Background: Arcanum members gain one free Ability Trait of
Occult during character creation, as well as one free Occult or University Influence Trait.

THE BENANDANTI

This very specific organization targets wraiths, whom it believes are hapless
spirits unable to mov.

on after death. Beyond this understanding, the Benandanti all
They are born with their cauls intact and
trained by a sponsor Benandante, which gives them the ability to see spirits, and

have one important thing in commo

ultimately to leave their bodies and affect wraiths in the spirit world.

The Benandanti would not be a threat to wraiths except for some truly
unfortunate interpretations of their ties to the mortal world. By discovering and
destroying those things that hold wraiths back, the Benandanti believe that they allow

the poor ghosts release, when instead they are condemning wraiths to Oblivion.

Worse still, some Benandanti believe that ghosts are malevolent and dangerous

spirits, and they go out of their way to trick and destroy wraiths.

With its roots in a Gypsy family, the Benandanti is now only a loosely connected
society. A Benandante will watch her friends and family for infants born with their
cauls intact, and then Unhood said infants in a ceremony that ensures their potential
to see wraiths. After a stringent twenty.
to be a another Benandante. Fé

ar apprenticeship, the child is considered

y Benandanti know of one another outside this
apprenticeship relationship, since they adopted a policy of secrecy to protect them-
selves centuries ago, after being perceived as witches by the Inquisition. This
fragmentation means that the Benandanti are really just individuals sharing a
common power, instead of a truly unified organi

tion.

Despite the disparate nature of their society, the Benandanti do have some
common rituals and practices. Novizio (novices) are instructed by sapienza (mentors)
in the dangers and ways of the Underworld. Using their cauls, the Benandanti can
perform mystical f nds of the dead. Additionally,
aiths for their fennel swords, precious

ats that bring them power over the

the Benandanti are rightly feared among w

artifacts of unique magical power that have spiritual as well as material components.
The Benandanti carry these weapons with them in the Underworld, where the fennel
swords are capable of sending offending wraiths to Oblivion.

Abilities and Background: Benandanti have the mystical ability to separate
their souls from their bodies and walk in the Shadowlands. (See the Numina section
of Chapter Three for details.) Due to the fractious nature of their "society," all
Benandanti gain the Ability Trait of Brawl —some of their fistfights during meetings
are quite ferocious. Benandanti also gain one level of Wraith Lore due to their t
in the Underworld, but additional levels must be learned the hard way.

THEDANNATI

The Damnation Theorists believe that wraiths are evil spirits of the damned who
must be destroyed both for their own sakes, and for the sake of the living. Swayed by
theacts of Spectres and perhaps by personal experiences with other w

aiths and spirits,
the Dannati actively engage in spiritual manipulation to destroy wraiths. Most

Dannati are smart enough to realize that a direct campaign against wraiths would be

foolish, and so instead arrange for events to destroy Fetters, spread erroneous
information that leads wraiths to Oblivion and otherwise make nuisances of them-
selves in the Underworld.


Creation

THE REDENTORI

The Redeemers believe that wraiths are merely souls who do not understand that
they are dead, and they maintain that the role of the Benandanti is to encourage them
to move beyond the afterlife. The Redentori do so by destroying the material attach-

ments (Fetters) of the wraiths in an attempt to help them move on. The Redentori are

still cautious, though, realizing that not all wraiths are peaceful or friendly. Even so, they

are more apt to try to help wraiths in general, although their lack of understanding of

wraithly existence often leads to some embarrassing and potentially dangerous situ
tions. More than one Redentori has found himself on the receiving end of an angry

wraith after trying to help, only to discover that his actions further jeopardized the

wraith's tenuous fight to uphold some passion ot goal beyond death.

ALTERNATE ENERGY GROUP PARANORMAL RESEARCH WI

The PRW, asplinter division of the AEG, consists of radical scientists who study
the industrial uses of psychic energies

nd other supernatural phenomenon, for the
lofty purpose of solving the world's energy crisis. Unfortunately, although the PRW

has discovered "ectoplasmic converter engines" that are capable of liquidating
iP

spiritual matter into inertenergy, they have yet to find any way to harness the resulting

energy. Still, this doesn't stop the PRW from tryin;

and many unfortunate spirits have
been liquidated as the PRW furthers its attempts to understand spirit energy

Sponsored by multinational corporate conglomerates, the PRW requests that
each of its associates sign a non-disclosure agreement, for the protection of their
patrons. Since the PRW's more questiona

ble activities (such as liquidating the
supposed spirits of the dead) have drawn negative attention and some repercussions,
many of the PRW's more promising experiments are now conducted in secrec

Although the AEG publicly denounces the activities of the PRW, large sums of money
still make their way to the PRW's coffers, and some strange technologies, like
chaoscopic scanners, have resulted from its research (see Chapter Four).

Members of this group use the scientific method to approach their investigations,
and are far more likely to experiment on anything they find than to kill it. Still, the
"experiments" of PRW scientists can be dar

rous indeed to unwitting supernatural
creatures. Additionally, the information gathered by the PRW has alerted select
individuals in the federal government to the

xistence of the supernatural, and
continued successful experimentation could very well lead toa full-blown exposure of
va

rious paranormal creatures. Needless to say, the vampires and werewolves of the
world would be less than happy with such a development, and so dealings with the
PRW are extremely cautious and circ

mspect
Abilities and Background: The scientists of the PRW are all highly trained
professionals, and they gain one level of Science Ability in addition to any other skills
that they may study. PRW members also gain one free Influence
University, asa by-product of their research connections

THE ORPHIC CIRCLE

This group is unusual because it boasts a number of supernatural members.
Formed to study the true nature of death and the afterlife, it has
participation of such supernatural cr

rait of Politics or

ined the

atures as necromantic vampires, death mages

and some wraiths, as well as that of ordinary mortals. All members of the Circle are


| heer tte |
\__A__A__A__A__A__A_
SSS ae
_—--=====——_—_

seekers of knowledge. The Circle draws from the tradition of Orpheus, who supposedly
returned from the Underworld with a set of scrolls of necronomic lore. Members seek

out knowledge of life and death in order to gain power over existence itself
From the outside, the Orphic Circle seems very much like a cult, and its practices
are based on the ancient cult of Dionysus. Its members engage in annual orgiastic rites
As well as the study of the Shadowlands and the Underworld. It is also organized like
cult, with an Outer Circle consisting of most of the membership, and an Inner Circle,
called the Ebon Bench, which consists of the nine priests and priestesses who lead the
Orphics. Atany given time, the Circle holds 300 members. Membership is for life (or,
ather, duration of existence), with vacant positions filled by appointments from the

Kerberos, a ten-member council that screens potential applicants.

Onenteringinto the Orphics,amember is required toswearamystically bindingoath
of secrecy. Naturally, expatriates are dealt with harshly (and finally); the Circle is alw
willing to have another wraith on which to experiment. The range of influence wielded
by the Circle's supernatural members is impressive; a neophyte Orphic may well become

envious of the powers of the vampiric or magickally-inclined superiors in the Circle.

Abilities and Background: Mortal members of the Orphic Circle always hav

one free level of Occult Ability because of their close ties to other supernatural
creatures. Similarly, this information and influence translates into one free Occult
Influence Trait

THE SOCIETY FOR PSCHICAL RESEARCH

This collection of spiritualists and scientific minds was formed in 1882, to
invest

te all matter of unusual psychic powers. However, much to SPR's detriment,
many of the natural abilities of creatures such as vampires, werewolves, wraiths and
changelings closely resemble these powers,

and sosuch scholars may run afoul of them.

In general, the SPR does not acknowledge the existence of such creatures, but many

individual researchers have had personal experiences thatstate differently. Some SPR
researchers even specifically study the interaction of psychic powers with other forms
of supernatural phenomena. A few scientists theorize that supernatural creatures are
actually extreme expressions of specific psychic powers, and they engage in systematic
hunts for information to test such theories.

The SPR containssever
phenomena

I branches, each of which studies different aspects of psychic

Although often dismissed as harmless, their unusual psychic powers make
them quite unpredictable. Each branch of the SPR approaches psychic phenomena from
a different angle, and these diverse insights into the nature of the supernatural mean that
SPR affiliates often draw startling connections between scattered clues.

Abilities and Background: SPR members gain one free Trait of Science and one
Trait of Occult because of their concentration on a scientific approach to supernatural
phenomena. Many are actual senior researchers and university professors with a great
deal of experience in parapsychology and occult lore. Others are simple individuals
with mundane lives, who take a common-sense approach to the unusual.

CENTER FOR PARAPSYCHOLOGICAL RESEARCH

This offshoot concerns itself with the investigation of extrasensory perception,

such as Telepathy, Clairvoyance and Telekinesis. Associated with some respected
universities, the CPR consists of scientific and skeptical minds, who attempt to
disprove claims of the supernatural as much as prove them. From time to time, the


haracter Creation |
=

CPR finds cases that can't be easily disproved, and it keeps files on psychic phenomena
that defy rational explanation. Overall, the CPR is useful to the Society for Psychical
Research because it manages to weed out spurious information while drawing
extremely scientifically precise conclusions about seemingly inexplicable events
CPR members are hunters inasmuch as they are drawn to supernatura

events in
anattempt to develop rational explanations. Of course, once a CPR member discovers
a paranormal event or creature that he can't debunk, the chase is on as the scientist
tries to get to the bottom of things! If the chase leads to a real paranormal creature,
the s

cholar is likely to revise his thinking to come up with a suitable explanation.
Coming up with said explanation may well require special research, and some
scientists will go to great lengths to test their unwitting subjects.

Most
training. Some develop significant Investigation skills as well.

COLLEGE OF PSYCHIC LEARNING

This branch of the Society for Psychical Research, composed mainly of women,

R scientists have a great deal of Science Ability due to their fort

dedicates itself to the instruction of psychic abilities to its members. If not for the
partial successes of the College, it would have been dismissed by SPR for fa
charlatanism long ago.

kery and

The CPL sometimes loans its members out to local police, forhelp with missingpersons
andother cases. The SPR finds the public relationsuseful, but findstheCPL suse of unproven
psychic powers in the public view to be frustrating. The SPR would rather devote time and
energy to hard research in psychic powe

, instead of using unreliable and unproven talents
to gamer media attention, since such attention backfires when the talents in question fail.

However, the members of the CPL would probably continue in their practices even without

the support of the SPR; many feel a duty to use their psychic gifts for the benefit of humanity.

Naturally, CPL members are not often hunters in the strict sense, but a missing
persons case can easily draw a psychic into a confrontation with any manner of
supernatural creature. Additionally, psychically powerful humans make desirable pawns

for vampires and other creatures, as their talents enable them to deal with a wider range
of situations. The fact that CPL members use or watch psychic powers regularly simply
adds to their willingness to a

pt other supernatural phenomena, as w

CPL members often possess some level of sensory Numina, such as Telepathy ot
Clairvoyance. Aside from this common ground, though, they come from a wide and
divers

tof backgrounds — factory workers, housewives, business professionals and
circus gypsies all find there way into the CPL.

INDEPENDENTS

Not truly an organization per se, but worthy of more detailed mention, are
independent hunters. There are always those who choose to follow their own paths. A
ghoul whose original vampire master dies might hunt vampires purely for the strength
oftheir vitae. A private investigator may be hired to look into the disappearance of a gir!
who has just gone through her First Change intoa werewolf. A normalaccountant might
seek to understand why he is haunted by visions of his dead wife, so that he
on with his life. A worried housewife whose teenage son spends too much time with a
group of very strange people might spy on a fey and disturbing party. Any sort of hunter
who doesn't fall under the previous categories is considered an independent.

an move


Laws oF the Hint

Many hunters go it alone, not because they don'tagree with the methods of other
groups, but simply because they don't yet know of their existence.
may well joi

An independent

the Arcanum or the Society of Leopold after his actions bring him to
the notice of the appropriate organi

tion. Of course, the hunter in question would
have to be willing to take on the burdens of the organization, but would in turn gain

access to the on

nization's special materials and additional training.
Advantage: Independent hunters gain seven Free Traits instead of five, to reflect

their eclectic experience. These Traits may be used as desired during character creation.

ntage: Independent hunters don't have any organization on which to call.
Thus,ahunterwhofindshimself outmatched ison hisown. Additionally, independents must

be careful to conceal theiractivities, or risk censure, arrest or even commitment for insanity

STEP TWO: ATTRIBUTES

Attributes describe a character's intrinsic qualities. By delineating the qualities an
individual possesses, Attributes define the character's

pearance and capabilities. Adjec-

tives fill the role of Attributes, each noting some aspect of the character. You call on your
character's Attributes to perform tasks and to judge relative success in feats of natural ability

CHOOSING ATTRIBUT

There are three groups of Attributes: Physical, Social

ind Mental. Your first step

is to prioritize these three categories. Is your character a hulking brute with lightning-
fast reflexes, a debonair and seductive hero or a criminal mastermind who misses
nothing? You must decide which category is most important to define your vision of
cter's strengths and weaknesses.

ATEGORIES OF ATTRIBUTE:

Physical Attributes describe your character's physical strength, dexterity and
stamina — in essence, the capabilities of her body

your char

cial Attributes describe your cha

icter's charisma, manipulative skill and

appearance — the force of his personality

Mental Attributes represent your character's perceptiveness, intelligence, and
wits — the capabilities of her mind.

Choose which category is primary to your character, then choose which ones are
secondary and tertiary. After you've chosen the order of the three Attribute catego-

ries, you can select specific Ti each category to flesh out your character

aits from

When prioritizing your Attributes, keep your initial character concept firmly in
mind. A timid Arcanum scholar is unlikely to have many Physical Traits, while a

belligerent and bigoted Inquisitor won't have

1 primary Social category. Use the
overall picture of your character to decide on the categories

CHOOSING TRAITS

Once you've selected the order for your Attribute Traits, you need to choose the
ht choose the Traits Quick and
bility, or Brawny and Ferocious to show his aptitude for

adjectives themselves. A primarily Physical hunter mii

Lithe to represent acrobatic a
hammering wooden stakes. These adjectives serve to bring your character even more
vividly to life, and they make it easier to remember Traits in the pressure of roleplaying.

In your primary Attribute category, you choose six Traits. In your secondary

category, you choose four. In your weakest cate

ry, you choose only three. Thus, you

receive a total of 13 Attribute Traits. You can take the same Trait more than once,

if you wish, reflecting greater concentration in a specific are
Traits allow you to describe your character with words rather than just numbers;
there's a profound difference between a character with three Mental Traits and a

character who is Alert, Attentive and Disciplined.

During the course ofa game, players use Attributes to perform various tasks. Generally,
players will find w Attributes toundertake a variety of differentactions, which
stake

lly appropriate.

stouse thet

iswelland good. However, notall Attributesaresuited toevery action. If you'redrivir

into the heart of a vampire, for instance, the Resilient Physical Trait isn't re:

Similarly, the Seductive Social Trait won't help an Inquisitor whip a mob into a frer

Furthermore, most challenges only involve Traits from one particular category

youcan't defend against a vampire's majestic aura with Physical Traits, for instance.

nerally, both parties will use the same category when resolving a Challenge, unless

a special power notes otherwise

If you wish to use

n "inappropriate" Trait in a bid, you may do so if all parties

involved agree

Novice players may wish toallowany Trait to be used, tosimplify play
the

However, you'll find that play moves more smoothly and enjoyably when you
Traits appropriate to the action described

PHYSICAL TRAITS

Athlet

You have conditioned yourself to respond well in full-body movements, espe-

cially in competitive events. You're equally proficient at scaling manor walls and
a heavy mallet ata stake

swingin}

Uses: Competitions, duels, n acrobatics and grappling.

Brawny

Bulky and muscular. You're built like the Tet

minator.

Uses: Punching, kicking or grappling in combat when your goal is to inflict

damage. Power lifting. All feats of strength
Brutal
You are capable of taking nearly any action in order to survive.

Uses: Fighting an obviously superior enemy
Dexterous
Generally adroitand skillful when using yourhands. Two knivesare better than one.
Uses: Weapon-oriented combat (Melee), picking pockets, acrobatics.
Enduring
Persistent and sturdy against physical opposition. Okay, so maybe bullets don't
bounce off, but you sure can roll with the punches.

Jses: When your survival is at stake, this is a good Trait to risk asa second, or

successive, bid

Energet
You have a powerful force of spirit, and a strong internal drive that propels you.
In physical situations, you draw on a deep reservoir of enthusiasm and zeal.

Uses: Combat, running.


Ferocious
In possession of intensity and extreme physical determination. You're as omery
as a werewolf and twice as loyal to your cause.

Uses: Any time that you intend to do serious harm. When angry

Graceful

Controlled and balanced in the motion and use of your entire body

Uses: Defense in combat. Whenever you might lose your balance (stepping on
a patch of ice, fighting on four-inch-thick rafters).
Lithe

Character

sd by flexibilityand suppleness. (Youreally bendoverbackwardsfor your job!)
Uses: Acrobatics, gymnastics, dodging and dancing.

Nimble

Light and skillful; able to make agile movements. You can sidestep attacking
werewolves with alacrity and dodge the clutches of angry vampires.

Uses: Dodging, jumping, rolling, acrobatics and hand-to-hand combat

Quick

You're known for your fast r

tion time. You might even get the ne
the gun before the empty one hits the ground.

xt clip into

Uses: Defending against a surprise attack, running, dodging and attacking.
Resilient
Able to recover quickly from bodily harm. Neithersnow norsleet nor rain will stop you.

Uses: Resisting adverse environments. Defending against damage in an attack

Robust

Resistant to physical harm

ind damage. You've got the long-distance hiking

thing down.

Uses: Defending against damage in an attack. Endurance-related actions that
could take place over a period of time.

Rugged

Hardy, rough and healthy. Able to shrug off wounds and pain to continue struggling.

Uses: When resisting damage, or any challenge that you enter while injured

Stalwart

Physically strong and uncompromising against opposition

Uses: Resisting damage, or when standing your ground against overwhelming
odds or a superior foe.

Steady

More than simply physically dependable; controlled, unfaltering and balanced.
You can keep a wooden stake lined up perfectly with a vampire's heart, even in the
middle of a rough-and-tumble brawl.

Uses: Weapon atta

waters.

cks. Fighting in exotic locations. Piloting ships over difficult

Tenacious
Physically resolute through force of will. You often prolong physical confronta-
tions, even when it might not be wise to do so. Pain is your friend!

Uses: Second or subsequent Physical Challenge.

Tirel
You have a runner's stamina — you are less taxed by physical efforts than ordinary
people. You just keep hunting and hunting and hunting,

Uses: Any endurance-related challenge. Second or subsequent Physical Challenge
with the same foe or foes.
Tough

You have a harsh, essive attitude, and you will not submit. Six-inch claw marks?

Just a scratch,

Uses: Whenever you're wounded or winde

Vigorous

You are powerful, intense and resistant to harm, Even bleeding from a few gunshot
wounds, you don't slow down.

Uses: Ci
Wiry

Tight and streamlined, yet still muscular. You've

mbat and athletic challenges when you're on the defensive.

ot the build ofadanceror gymnast.

Uses: Punching, kickingor grapplingin combat. Acrobatic movements. Endurance lifting.

NEGATIVE PHYSICAL TRAITS

Clumsy

Lacking physical coordination, balance and grace. You are prone to stumbling and
dropping objects

Cowardly

In threatening situations, saving your own neck is all that is important. You might
even flee when you have the upper hand, just out of habit.

Decrepit

You move and act as if yc

are old and infirm. You recover from physical damage
slowly, are unable to apply full muscular strength and tire easily
Delicate
Frail and weak in structure; you are ¢
Docile
You lack physical persistence and tend to submit rather than fight long battles.
Flabby
Yourmusclesare underdeveloped. Youcannotapply yourstrength wellagainst resistance
Lame

You are disabled in one or more limbs. The handicap can be as obvious as a missing
leg or as subtle as a dysfunctional arm.

sily damaged by physical harm

Lethargic
Slow and drowsy. You suffer from a serious lack of energy or motivation
Puny
You are weak. This weakness could come from diminutive size or just substandard
strength.
Sickly
Weak and feeble. Your body responds to physical stress as if it is in the throes of a
ebilitating illness.


OCIAL TRAIT

Alluring

You have an attractive and appealing presence that inspires desire.

Uses: Seduction, Convincing others.

Beguiling
Your skill at deception and illusion is infamous. You can twist perceptions and
lead people to believe what suits you. A must-have for the enigmatic sorcerer type.
Uses: Trickir

Charismatic

others. Lying under duress.

You possess a talent for inspiration and motivation.

Uses: In a situation involving leadership or the achievement of leadership.
Charming

Your speech and actions make you appear attractive and appealing to others,
Uses: Convincing or persuading.

Commanding

Your delivery of orders and suggestions is impressive. You could run a military
operation or order around government flunkies (assuming you have the proper

Uses: When you are seen as a leader.

Compassionate

Your feelings of care or pity for others run deep, and your human kindness shines

throu

zh, even in light of the terrible actions you must undertake.

Uses: Defending the weak or downtrodden. Defeating major obstacles while
pursuir

Dignified

Something about your posture and body carriage appears honorableand aestheti-
cally ple

z an altruistic end

sing. You carry yourself well.

Uses: Defending against Social Challenges, or when being made to look foolish:

Diplomati

Tactful, careful and thoughtful in speech and deed. Few are displeased with what

you say or do.

Uses: Very important in intrigue and leadership situations.

Elegant

Refined and tasteful. Even thou

th youdon't need money to be Elegant, you exude
an air of richness and high society

Uses: High society celebrations. Defending against Social Challenges.

Eloquent

You speak in an interesting and convincing manner. You're capable of giving
inspiring speeches, sermons and blessings

Uses: C

onvineing others. Swaying emotions. Public speaking

mpathetic

Able to identify and understand the emotions and moods of people with whom
you come in contact. You can measure truth and feel passions.


oe Chalet (Ceftion

Uses: Gauging the feelings of others. Not useful in defense
Disciplines.

inst Social

‘ive

Expres
Able to articulate thoughts in interesting, significant and meaningful ways. You
can actually get out more than just "big-hairy-huge-fangs!
Uses: Acting or performing
understand your meaning
Friendly
Able to fit in with everyone you meet. E
it difficult to dislike you

ny social situation in which you want someone to

en after a short conversation, most find

Uses: Convincing others

Genial

Cordial, warm and pleasant. You are pleasing to be around. Possessed of the
manners of a kind priest or scholar

Uses: Mingling at gatherings. Generally used in a
allenge with someone.

second or later Social

Gorgeous

Beautiful or handsome. You were born with a face and body that is good-looking
to most people you meet. There aren't m

ny supermodel hunters, but hey, is that :

stake or are you happy to see me?
Uses: Attracting attention.
Ingratiating
Able to gain the favor of people who know you
Uses: Dealing with superiors. Defending against social and emotional powers.
Intimidating
Your presence is awesome and frightening
Uses: Attempting to cow opponents. Inspiring common fear. Ordering others
Magneti
People feel drawn to you
actions.

those around you are interested in your speech and

Uses: Seduction. Keeping someone near you

Persua
Able to propose believable, convincing and correct arguments and requests
Useful for debate, and to get those silver bullets requisitioned
Uses: Persuading or convincing others

Seductive

Able to entic

and tempt. You can use your good lox
you want from others.

Uses: $

Witty

Intellegently humorous. You've always gota joke orone-liner,even in the middle
of a bloody hunt.

sand your body to get what

ubterfuge and seduction.

Uses: At celebrations. Entertaining someone. Goading or insulting someone

NEGATIVE SOCIAL TRAITS
Bestial

Physically, you seem somewhat less than human. M

aybe you have clawlike
fingernails, heavy body hair or are not timid about your bodily functions

Callous

You are unfeeling, uncaring and insensitive to the suffering of others. Your heart
isa frozen stone

Condescending

You just can't help it; your contempt for others is impossible to hide.

Dull
Those with whom youspeak usually find you boringand uninteresting. Convers-
ing with you isa chore. You do not present yourself well to others.
Naive
You lack the air of worldliness, sophistication or maturity that most carry
Obnoxious
You are annoying or unappealing in speech, action or appearance
Repugnant

Your appearance disgusts everyone around you. Needless to say, you make a

terrible first impression with strangers
Shy

You are timid, bashful, reserved and socially hesitant

Tactless

Youare unable to do or say things that others find appropriate to the social situation.
Untrustworthy

You are rumored or perceived to be unreliable (whether you are or not)

MENTAL TRAITS

Alert

Mentally prepared for danger and able to react quickly when it occurs. The
instant a werewolf starts to change shape, you notice it

Uses: Preventing surprise attacks. Defending against mental attacks.
Attentive
You pay attention to everyday occurrences around you. When something
extraordinary happens, you are usually ready for it
Uses: Preventing surprise attacks. Noticing hidden foes. Preventing mind
control, by noticing it before the
Ca

Able to withstand an extraordinary level of disturbance without becoming

Aversary can enact the power.

Im.

agitated or upset. A wellspring of self-control

Uses: Resisting commands that provoke violence. Whenever a mental attack
might upset you. Primarily for defense:

Clever

Quick-witted and resourceful. You think well on your feet.

Uses: Tricking someone, using

Creative

Your ideas are original and im;

zinative, implying an ability to produce unusual

solutions to your difficulties. You can create artistic pieces. A requirement for any tru
artist

Uses: Creating anything. Solving puzzles

Cunning

Crafty and sly, possessinga great deal of ingenuity. You can actually makeastake
throwing trap

Uses: Tricking others. Sorcery

Dedicated

You give yourself over totally to your beliefs. Your devotion to a cause is
unparalleled

Uses: Useful in any Mental Challenge when your beliefs are at stake, Defense
against memory-altering powers

Determined

When it comes to mental endeavors, you are fully committed. Whether inves-
tigating or hunting, once you start, you don't stop.

Uses: Staredowns. Useful in a normal Mental Challenge

Discerning

Discriminating; able to pick out details, subtleties and idiosyncrasies. You have
clarity of vision. You note ghosts out of the comer of your eye

Uses: Noticing the unusual. Psychic Phenomena

Disciplined

Your mind is structured and controlled. This rigidity gives you an edge in battles

of will
Uses: Staredowns, Sorcery, defending against mental powers
Insightful
You need only look at a situation to gain an understanding of it

(but not defending against it). Psychic Phenomena

Uses: Investigatir

Intuitive

Knowledge and understanding somehow come to you without conscious reasoning,
as if by instinct. Your gut tells you right and wrong.

Uses: Psychic Phenomena. Understanding people

Knowledgeable

You know copious and detailed information about a wide variety of topics. This

represents "book-learni

Uses: Remembering information your character might know. Sorcery

Observant

Your depth of vision grants you the power to look at something and notice the
important aspects of it

Uses: Picking up on subtleties that others might overlook

Patient

Tole

haven is no trouble for you.

ant, persevering and steadfast. Waiting for that vampire to return to his

Uses: Staredowns or other mental battles after another Trait has been bid.


Rational

You believe in logic, reason, sanity and sobriety. You are capable of categorizing
and analyzing even the most blatantly supernatural events.

Uses: Defending against emotion-oriented mental attacks. Not used asan initial bid

Reflective

You have internal wellsprings of knowledge, and you consider many sides of a
conundrum

Uses: Meditation. Remembering information. Defending against most mental attacks.

Shrewd

Astute and artful, able to keep your wits about you and accomplish mental feats
with efficiency and finesse.

Uses: Defending against mental powers. Solving tricks and puz:

Vigilant

Watchful. Your attention misses little; you pick out the telltale signs of the
supernatural everywhere.

Uses: Defending against investigation, Forgetful Mind and Command. More
appropriate for mental defense than for attack

vily
Sly and full of guile. You can trick and deceive easily.
Uses: Tricking others. Lying under duress

Wise

Possessed of an overall understanding of the workings of the world.

Sorting through confusion.

Uses: Giving advice. Defending against mind control.

NEGATIVE MENTAL TRAITS
Forgetful

You have trouble remembering even important things.
Gullible

Easily deceive

, duped or fooled.

Ignorant

Uneducated or misinformed, never seeming to know anything.

Impatient

Restless, anxious and generally intolerant of delays. You want everything to go
your way. Now

Oblivious

Unaware and unmindful. You'd be lucky if you noticed a herd of cattle headed
straight toward you

Predictable

Because you lack originality or intelligence, even strangers can easily figure out
what you intend to do next. Not a very good Trait for chess players.

Shortsighted

Lacking foresight. You rarely look beyond the superficial; details of perception
are usually lost on you

Submissive

Spineless. You relent and surrender at any cost rather than stand up for yourself.

—v Vv Characteg Ce

iolent

Extremely lacking in self-control. You fly into rages at the slightest provocation,
and frenzy is always close to the surface. This is a Mental Trait bec
mental instability.

Witless

Lacking the ability to process information quickly. Foolish and slow to act when
threatened

STEP THREE: ADVANTAGES

Advantages cover who and what you know. You may be skilled with guns,
connected to people in the Church or able to call on stores of supernatural
information. Any such benefit falls into this category

CHOOSING ABILITIES

Whereas Attributes describe what your character is like, Abilities describe

use it represents

what your character knows or has been trained to do. You choose three Abilities,
and like Attributes, you may choose the same one more than once to reflect
greater skill or training in that area

Abilities represent your character's skills and training, With Abilities, your
character performs tasks that would otherwise be impossible. In game play, you
can use your Abilities to perform specific functions that require training (such as
researching Sorcery with the Occult Ability) or to retest a lost challenge due to
your superior training (such as using Brawl to discard the initial failed results of
an attempt to punch a vampire).

Some Abilities, such as Performance, Linguistics, Lore and Science, must be
further specified. For example, a character who takes Performance might be skilled
at acting, but not know anything about dancing, and a character with Vampire
Lore still knows nothing about werewolves, except per
them and call them "Lupines"

NIMAL KEN

You have practiced long and hard to develop the ability to inte:

ps that vampires fear

act and
cooperate with animals. Given time and access to an animal, you may train it to
perform simple tasks (i.e., fetch, guard, attack, ete.). When the command is given,
the animal must make a Mental Challenge to understand and carry out the order.
The difficulty of the test is based on the level of domestication of the animal as
well as on the complexity of the task required. You may also attempt to calm an
injured, attacking or frightened animal by defeating it in a Social

ARCHERY
You have studied the difficult skill of using a bow or crossbow. You can care

for weapons of this type and identify the quality of various bows and arrows
When firing a bow, you can choose to use

allenge

our Mental Traits to attack instead
Iso use this Ability for retests when
firing a bow. Also, wooden bolts and arrows are quite effective in staking
vampires through the heart.

of testing with Physical Traits. You may


BLINDEIGHTING

You've trained to accommodate yourself to low-light conditions, or perhaps you

just have naturally good night vision. Whatever the case, you can compensate for

darkened conditions through the use of your other senses. Blindfighting allows you to
mitigate the two-

Trait penalty for taking actions in darkness; each level of Ability
removes one penalty Trait. Additionally, youcan expend a Trait of Blindfighting when
in total darkness to avoid having to retest after a successful challenge. (See Chapter
Four for complete details about the effects of darkness.)

BRAWL

Youare adept at using your body asa weapon. This includes any form of unarmed
combat, from dirty in-fighting to highly stylized martial arts. You may use Brawl in
coordination with claws, teeth and other types of natural weaponry. [n this manner,

even a character who is stripped bare makes a formidable foe.
BUREAUCRACY

Each day, the world becomes increasingly burdened with a staggering amount of

complexity, paperwork and red tape. You have the power to navigate this system and

use it to your benefit. You can appropriate licenses, manipulate contractual agree
ments to youradvantage and recover, alter or destroy an organization's files. Bureaucracy

often requitesa Mental or $

‘ocial Challenge, depending on the type of roleplaying the
character performs, or as the Storyteller sees fit. Difficulty depends on such factors as
security, accessibility of the information or the cooperation of the ta

COMPUTER

An information superhighway exists with electron asphalt, silicon off-ramps and fiber-

wet.

optic expressways. You have learned to use computers to youradvantage. You can infilt

c

systems, swap data, steal secrets and access records. A Mental Challenge is required to
accomplish these and other similar acts, with the difficulty based on system security and
accessibility, equipment, time and rarity of the information. Failure can lead to investigation

by normal and sometimes supernatural agencies that operate in the computer sphere.

CRAP
This

leatherwork, glassblowing, weaving, gem cutting, ete. You must take aseparate Ability
Trait for each different trade you practice. You can make functional objects from

Ability imparts knowledge of master artisan techniques — woodworking,

various substances. The quality of these objects depends on time devoted to their
creation, materials available and the difficulty of the task in question

DEMOLITION

You know how to blow things up. More specifically, you've trained in the use of
various explosives, such as C-4, dynamite and possibly white phosphorous. When
setting an explosive, you have a decent chance of arming the device without blov
your own a

m off, You can also try to disarm explosives with a Static Mental
Challenge; the difficulty equals the rotal number of Mental Traits from the individual
who set the explosive. If you do not poss

ss this Ability, you cannot use or disarm
explosives at all. Similarly, Demolition does not help you to aim a thrown bomb or
T y IP

grenade, it simply allows you to build, arm and disarm explosive devices.


DODGE

You've learned to anticipate danger and to use cover to your advantage. When
you're at

icked, you duck, weave and evade blows that would normally strike slower

or less alert combatants. (You may only use your Dodge Ability as a retest against any
attempt to g

DRIVE

Most adults have at least some familiarity with modern vehicles, but this Ability

p, strike or injure you physically.)

goes beyond the basics. You are an adept driver capable of tailing and avoiding tails,

avoiding collisions and using your vehicle as a weapon. Thi 1

ictions often require
Physical or Mental Challenge. Factors influencing difficulty could include vehicle
type, road conditions and the sort of stunt desired:

EMPATHY

Sensitivity to moods and emotions is second nature to you. Your natural ability

to read others lets you guess at their motives, and gives you some insight into human

behavior. Though you may not be able to read minds or auras, you can usually make

a good determination of someone's general state of mind. Empathy can be used with
1 Social Test to determine an individual's particular general mood (angry, happy,
introspective, etc.), although Subterfuge may counter this capability. You may also use

the Empathy Ability for retests with the Psychic Phenomenon of Telepathy.
FINANCE
Money talks, and youare fluent in its language. You can follow money trails, perform
and verify accounting task:

and understand such conceptsas investment, buyoutsand the

like. The difficulty for the Mental Challenge necessary to perform these
the py

asks depends on
autions that the subject takes, the amount of money in question and the

availability of information. Youare capable of taking care of yourown money, and youl
$250 per level of this Ability to spend freely during each game session.

FIREARMS

You are familiar with a range of guns and projectile weapons.

ve

The most common
use of this Ability is in combat, but a Storyteller can allow you to attempt a Mental
Challenge to perform other functions. You not only understand how to operate
firearms, but you

11 also care for them, repair them and possibly even make minor
alterations. With the Firearms Ability, you may choose to use Mental Traits instead
of Physical Traits during a challenge in which you :

HISTORY

You've a body of knowledge regarding places and events outside of your specific

re using a firearm.

experience. Whether seeking information about the Edo period of Japan or the habits
of the ancient Greeks, you can dig up or remember all manner of recorded history.
Using History, you can trace the course of civilizations and important events, and
perhaps speculate as to thei importance in the occult world. Chi
levels of History may well get glimpses into the hidden influences of the supernatural
on the course of the past. History is often used in conjunction with a Mental

cters with several

Challenge, with a difficulty determined by the Storyteller based on the obscurity,
complexity and thoroughness of the information a character desires.


Laws of thedtint

INTIMIDATION

You scare people. A lot. Whether by cracking your knuckles and making

threatening gestures, or just mentioning your upstate cousin whose middle name is
"the" (as in "Vinne the Shark," "Tommy the Mallet," and so on), you know how to
secure cooperation through coercion. When persuasion fails, you can often get the...

uncooperative... to see the benefits of compliance

Note that this Ability isn't the same as the Torture Ability. Using Torture lets you
get something by hurting someone. Intimidation lets you get something by threatening
to hurt someone.

IWESTIGATION

You possess the learned skills of a diligent investigator. You know how to locate
evidence and perform basic analysis. With sufficient expertise, you can conduct a
proper criminal investigation, deduce a criminal's modus operandus and reconstruct
a crime scene. By succeeding at a Mental Challenge, you can tell if a person is

arrying a concealed weapon or object. When dealing with plots, you may also

request

Mental Challenge against a Storyteller to see if you have overlooked any
clues. The Storyteller should not let use of this Ability substitute for your own
thinking, but can offer clues when you are stumped.

LAW

This is a measure of how well you understand the legal system in which you are
entangled. You can use the Law Ability to write up binding contracts, defend clients
and know the rights of all parties involved in a dispute. The difficulty of the Mental
Challenges necessary to accomplish these tasks depends on factors like the prece-
dents for and severity of the crime, not to mention legal complexity of the subject
or legal action desired.

LEADERSHIP

You have the gift of influencing and inspiring others — a function of
confidence, bearing and a profound understanding of what motivates others. After
defeating a subject in a Social Challenge, you may use this Ability to cause him to
perform a reasonable task for you. Subjects must first be under your command or
serving as your subordinates. Examples include a chief of police and his officers, or
a teacher and her students. These requests may not endanger the subject or violate
the subject's Nature.

LINGUISTICS
You have received tutelage in one or more langu:
tongue. Thi

other than your native
languages are typically common national languages or local dialects,

but they can vary to encompass dead or forgotten tongues. You must specify the
language when you choose the Linguistics Ability, and you may not change it. Each
level can representan individual language, or, if assigned to the same language more

than once, a particular fluency with that single language. This skill allows you and
anyone who also knows the language to speak relatively privately. Furthermore, you
can translate written text in one of the languages you know. Trans
not require a Mental Challeng

ation may or may
, depending on the clarity of the text.


LORE

You have gained some inside knowledge about a type of supernatural
creature, such as vampires, werewolves, wraiths or changelings. You know what

is true and what is folklore concerning their strengths and weaknesses. You even
have

ome knowledge of their society including any divisions within it. You must
specify what creature type this Lore concerns at character creation. Having it more
than once allows knowledge of more than one type of creature, or more in-depth
knowledge of a particular supernatural entity. Specific types of Lore include, but
are not limited to, Vampire Lore, Werewolf Lore, Wraith Lore, Faerie Lore
and Infernal Lore

Spirit Lore

A character does not need to take a Lore Ability for knowledge that she could
reasonably have due to personal capabilities. Thus, any vampire other than the
rankest neonate does not need Vampire Lore in order to know that sunlight is
dangerous and that blood is necessary for survival. Similarly, a werewolf who has
already undergone a Rite of Passage knows the names of the various changing
nd tribes without Werewolf Lore. This is not an excuse to come
up with reasons why your character should have Lore Abilities for free; it simply
indicates that vampires, werewolves and the like have no need to study Lore that
relates to their own species, unless they desire particularly esoteric knowledge.
Mortals generally have to learn supernatural Lore the hard way

MEDICINE

This Ability represents your skill at treating the injuries, diseases and
various ailments that humans ate all subject to. With a Mental Challenge, you
n aid a patient toa mor

forms, auspices

certain recovery from a wound, or ease his pain. The
severity and nature of the damage, equipment at your disposal and any assistance

or distractions influences the difficulty of the challenge. Other uses of this
Ability include forensic information, diagnosis and pharmaceutical knowledge.
Of course, knowledge of healing also implies a knowledge of what is harmful to

the human body as well

MEDITATION

You are able to center your thoughts, calm your emotions, control your mind

and relax your body, This is a very personal Ability for which you develop your own
technique. It is useful for reaching the state of mind necessary for using Psychic
Phenomenon and for regaining True Faith Traits. A Storyteller may allow a
character to regain Willpower or True Faith Traits by meditating out of play for
some time (generally an hour) and making a Simple Test for each level of Meditation
Ability, with each success or tie returning the Willpower or Faith Trait. The
Meditation Traits used would be expended in such an exercise.

MELEE

You possess a degree of training or experience in armed combat. You are

proficient in the use of a variety of weapons, from broken bottles to swords, You are

also able to care for your weapon properly, preventing rust and damage. You may use
the Melee Ability for retests in conjunction with armed combat, and to defend
against hand-to-hand or thrown weapon attacks when armed


Lew' A the Hint

OCCULT

This Ability is a catch-all dealing with local folklore, arcane texts,
legends and most other forms of supernatural facts and hearsay. This understand-

ncient

ing of the more sinister side of the world includes knowledge of curses, rituals,

voudou, fortune telling, magic and mysticism, and it contains much that is only

speculation and fantasy. The Occult Ability is often used with retests for Sorcery,
as a skilled occultist casts spells and rituals with a greater degree of success
Re ROTranTTROITARIT ne
ANOTE ON THE OCCULT ABILITY
Unlike Occult, specific Lore Abilities reflect reliable knowledge about a
particular supernatural creature and its society. The Occult Ability, on the

other hand, reveals information based as much in folklore lity, such

in rea

as the fact that werewolves can abide neither silver nor wolfsbane, and that
vampires die from both sunlight and a stake through the heart.

It can be easy for players of this game to forget just how little their
characters might know about the supernatural, and this difference between
Occult and Lore does much to help remind them. In short, the Occult Ability
is rarely as effective or precise as a specific Lore, but does give general
information about a wide variety of topics.

Oe es fl
PERFORMANCE

You have the gift to make your own original creations and/or express those
creations to your peers. A Mental Challenge determines the genius of your

creativity, and a Social Challenge determines the power with which you convey

it. When you take the skill, you must declare your specialty, some examples of
which include dancing, painting, poetry, composing music or playinga single type
of instrument.

REPAIR

You possess a working understanding of what makes things tick, covering
everything from advanced electronics to shoring up a sagging beam. With time,
tools and supplies, you can fix or slightly alter most of the trappings of modern
society. This knowledge also allows you to excel at sabotage. Using this Ability
usually calls for a Mental Challenge, the difficulty of which depends on such

factors as the item's complexity, tools and supplies available, extent of damage and

time spent on the repaits
SCIENCE

You have a degree of factual and practical expertise ina single field of the tru

sciences, such as biology, physics or chemistry. This Ability measures not only

use. You may
identify properties of your field, perform experiments, fabricate items, bring about
results and access information a player could not normally utilize. All but the most
trivial uses of this Ability require a Mental Challenge. The difficulty depends on
resources available (equipment, data and so on), complexity of the task and time

theoretical knowledge but also how well you can put it to practica

allocated to it. You must choose a specific field of study.

SCROUNGE

Scrounge enables you to produce items through connections, wits and ingenuity.
Many individuals who lack the wealth to purchase the things they desire or need
develop this Ability instead. Materials acquired with Scrounge aren't always brand
new, are rarely exactly right and often require some time to acquire, but this Ability
can sometimes work where Finance or outright theft fails. A Mental or Social
Challenge is necessary to use Scrounge. Some factors that influence the difficulty of the
challenge include the rarity and value of an item and local supply and demand.

ECURITY

You have a degree of experienced knowledge of the variety of ways people

defend and protect things. Not only can you counter existing security, such as locks,
alarms and guards, but you can also determine the best way tosecure items and areas.
Other uses include breaking-and-entering, infiltration, safecrackingand lockpickin
Almost all applications of the Security Ability require a Mental Challenge deter-
mined by the complexity of the task, the thoroughness of the defenses, your
equipment and the length of time required.

STREETWISE

You have a feel for the street. You know how to uncover its secrets, how to

survive out there and how to use the network of personalities it houses. You can get
information on events on the streets, deal with gangs and the homeless and survive
(ifsomewhat squalidly) without an apparent income. Some uses of Streetwise require
a Social Challenge that is influenced by such things as the composition of the local

street community and the current environment on the street.

STEALTH

You are able to sneak about or hide without being seen or heard. With appropriate
cover and care, you can conceal yourself from detection if you only move when nobody
can see you or remain unmovingand behind partial cover while within someone's visual
range. A Mental Challenge is required to remain unnoticed by another person. Stealth
can be very useful when engaged in a hunt, both for stalking and escaping.

SUBTERFUGE

Subterfuge is an art of deception and intrigue that relies on a social backdrop to
work. When participating in a social setting or conversation with a subject, you can

attempt to draw information out of him through trickery and careful probing. A
successful use of Subterfuge can reve:
Nes
say something dealing with the desired knowledge, perhaps by enterin

information such as one's name, nationality,
ative Traits, friends and enemies. The first requirement is that you get the target to

aconversation
about foreign culture to find out a character's nationality. If you can accomplish this,
then you may propose your true question and initiate a Social Challenge. If you win, your
target must forfeit the information. To use the Ability again, you must once again lure
him into a conversation. Furthermore,

Subterfuge may not reveal more than one
Negative Trait per session, and it may be used to defend against others with Subterfuge
If successful in a defense with Subterfuge, you could even let slip false information.

Conversely, you may also use the Subterfuge Ability to conceal information or lie
without detection.


SURVIVAL

You have the knowledge and training to find food, water and shelter in a variety

of wilderness settings. Each Mental or Physical Challenge allows you to provide
yourself or another living creature with the bare necessities for one day. You can also

use this Ability to track someone in a wilderness setting; the Narrator sets the nature

and difficulty of this challenge. Important factors in a Survival challenge are abun-

dance or scarcity of resources, time of the year, equipment and the type of wilderness.

THEOLOGY

The texts and works of various religions are well-known to you, and you re

gn
rituals and observances from a variety of faiths, even if you do not practice them

yourself. With a successful Mental Challenge, you may recogni:

> the trappings of a
given religion, and identify the faith in question. You may also discern the purpose of
a specific ritual if you watch it. Theology is also used for retests with Theurgy, as you
perform the rites of your white magic in a fashion pleasing to the Divine. However,
Theology cannot be used in conjunction with tests of True Faith, as inner devotion,
not outward knowledge or ceremony, drives the strength of True Faith.

THROWING

ou've spent a lot of time as either a hard-core survivalist with a throwing ax, a

wannabe ninja with shurikens, or you just spent far too much free time playing

baseball. You have the techniques of throwing down pat, and you can hit your targets
with ease almost every time. While most people don't even know how to hold a
throwing knife, you're a virtuoso with any sort of thrown weapon, from a spear to a
rock. You can use Mental Traits instead of Physical Traits when throwing a weapon,

and you may use this Ability to retest with thrown objects

TORTURE

You're practiced in the methods of inflicting pain. With some toolsand some time

ou
can extract information and cooperation froma properly restrained subject, all without doing
permanent harm (should you so desire). You can make a Social Chi
victim's Physical Traitsin orderto gamer valuable information orsecrets, given enough time

lenge against your

You may choose whether to actually inflict damage with your ministrations; characters
without this Ability who engage in torture always injure the victim during the course of the
questioning, due to lack of finesse. Use of the Torture Ability generally takes about half an.

hour to elicit the answers toany one question in any detail (or to make the attempt), thoug
individuals witha high degree of Willpower may resist longer —spendinga Willpower Trait
allows the victim to automatically win one of the Torture challenges. The use of Torture is
avery good way fora hunter to lose Humanity with extreme rapidity.

Friends in the workplace, contacts on the street and mutual allies in a field of
businessall provide small amounts of influence in mortal civilization. With Influence,
a hunter gathers information about, and sometimes exerts control over, a particular
area of society

mber of
different areas. Additionally, you may garner further Influence, as you cement your
control over a particula

Your hunter only has one area of Influence, but you can select froma 1

ea or gather new contac!


Influence is the method by which a character can exert control over the daily
affairs of normal mortal society. It may take the form of contacts, allies, or direct
control over the appropriate agency. The Influences that follow represent a fair

selection of mortal institutions, but some characters with a wide reach may possess
higher levels of Influence, as described in Laws of the Night and La

USING INFLUENC
To use Influence, you should explain to the Narrator what sort of effect you

wish to create with your Influence. The Narrator then decides the Trait cost, the
time involved (both real and in-game) and any tests required to achieve the

s of Elysium.

Influence effect. Influence Traits used this way are temporarily considered to have
been expended and are not recovered until the next session. The effects of using
Influence can be instantaneous and brief, or slow to manifest and permanent,
depending on the nature of the manipulation and the degree of power the
character wield

The difficulty of a task is set by a Narrator, and it equals the number of

Influence Traits that must be expended to accomplish the task. A given chore's

difficulty can be subject to sudden change, depending on circumstance. The
suggested guideline listed along with each area of Influence can change dramati-
cally between chronicles or even between sessions. After all, you may not be the
only person attempting to Influence something.

Sometimes a Narrator will require a challenge of some sort to represent the

uncertainty or added difficulty involved when exercising Influence. Some uses of

Influence may not actually cost Influence Traits to use, but rather require that the

character simply possess a certain level of the Influence in question

In practice, the use of Influence is never instantaneous and rarely expedient.
While a character may be able to, say, condemn any building in the city, it will
not be torn down that night. For sake of game flow, a Narrator may allow trivial
uses of Influence to only take half an hour. Major manipulations, on the other

hand, can become the center of ongoing plots requiring se
to fruition.

eral sessions to bring

raits that can
be spent at one time or the degree of change a character may bring about

The guidelines below by no means limit the number of Influence "

They are
merely an advisory measure to help Narrators adjudicate the costs of certain actions.

accom

Actions followed by an asterisk (*) are ones that can generally be
plished without expending an Influence Trait.

LOANING INFLUENCE

Characters can trade Influences with each other much like exchanging posses-

sions. These trades may be permanent of temporary. In the case of permanent trades,
the old owner erases the Trait from his sheet and turns over the appropriate Influenc

card (if your chronicle uses these) to the new owner. The new owner then records her
newly acquired Influence Trait on her character sheet. Temporary trades of Influence
occur when someone is merely doing a favor or loaning her Influence to someone else.

In this case, the owner does not erase the Trait, but instead makes a note that it is no
longer in her possession. The holder of the Influence Trait may use it immediately or
hold onto toit until she feels she needs it. However, the original owner of the Influence
Trait may not regain the Trait until the current holder expends or voluntarily returns


[Laws aFthe Hart >|
a

it. Some chronicles dictate that the Trait reverts to its original owner after a certain
time. A good rule of thumb is to say that one month is the max'

mum duration of any
loan of Influence. If your chronicle's sessions are scheduled less frequently than once
a month, the Narrator(s) should probably expand this window of opportunity. Any

exchat

e of Influence Traits requires the presence and assistance of a Narrator.

CONFLICTING INFLUENCES

Sometimes characters may wish to try to counteract the Influence of other

characters. In such cases, it generally costs one Trait per Trait being countered. The
character willing to expend the most Influence Traits (assuming she has them to
spend) achieves her goal. All Traits used in this sort of conflict are considered
expended

BUREAUCRACY

The organi

| within
he can bend and twist the tangle of rules and

tional aspects of local, state or even federal government fa

the character's sphere of control.

regulations that seem necessary to run our society as she sees fit. The character may
have contacts or allies among government clerks, supervisors, utility workers, road
crews, surveyors and numerous other civil serva

nts. Imagine the horrora vampire feel

when his estate is audited

Cost Desired Effect
1 Trace utility bills*

2 Fake a birth certificate or driver's license

Disconnect a residence's utilities

Close a small road or park

Get public aid ($250)
3 Fake a death certificate, passport or green card

Close a public school for a single day

Turn a single utility on a block on or off

Shut down a minor business on a violation
4 Initiate a phone tap

Initiate a department-wide investigation

Fake land deeds
5 Start, stop or alter a city-wide program or policy

Shut down a big business on a violation

Rezone areas

Obliterate records of a person on a city and county level

CHURCH
Not even churches are without politics and intrigue on which an opportunistic

person may capitalize. Church Influence usually only applies to mainstream faiths.
Sometimes other practices fall under the Occult Influence. Contacts and allies affected
by Church Influence include: ministers, bishops, priests, activists, evangelists, witch-

hunters, nuns and various church members and assistants. Obviously, this Influence
is of great use in tracking down faithful allies for the hunt.


{ "hartictef Lieation

Cost Desired Effect
1 Identify most secular members of a given faith in the local area
Pass as a member of the clergy*

Peruse general church records (baptism, marriage, burial, etc.)

Identify higher church members
Track regular members
Suspend lay members
3 Open or close a single church
Find the average church-associated hunter
Dip into the collection plate ($250)
Access to private information and archives of a church
4 Discredit or suspend high-level members

Manipulate regional branches

Organize major protests

Access ancient church lore and knowledge

ESPIONAGE

The shadow world of intelligence teems with secrets, and a character with
Espionage Influence is versed in this covert community. This Influence can be used to

gain spying data and equir

nent. Characters with the right Espionage contacts can also

get detailed information about people and training in obscure or restricted abilities

Contacts and allies in the undercover world include intelligence agents, analysts,

ELPROs.

Espionage grants access to all sorts of hidden information and specialized gear, which

political liaisons, covert operatives, classified researchers and military COINT!

can be invaluable in tracking and hunting supernatural creatures.
Cost Desired Effect
1 Know about various agencies*
Arrange a tour of a facility

Know the names of some public intelligence employees*

2 Get someone's police records
Arrange a "black mark" on someone's federal records
Know some of the less-than-public intelligence employees*
3 Get copies of an investigation report
Get bureau information about procedures and policies
Access minorespionage equipment, handguns, or petty cash ($250)
Perform minor alterations to federal records
4 Sell minor intelligence secrets to foreign powers (and raise $5,000
if you avoid execution)
Know some of the secret intelligence employees*
Access Secret files or equipment
Clean up federal records or arrange to put someone ona Wanted list
5 Access Top Secret files or equipment

Arrange a "sanction"

Know rumors about projects beyond Top Secret clearance*


FINANCE

The world teems with the trappings of affluence and stories of the rich and
famous. Those with the Finance Influence speak the language of money and know
where to find capital. They have a degree of access to banks, megacorporations and
the truly wealthy citizens of the world. Such characters also have a wide variety of
servants to draw on, such as CEOs, bankers, corporate yes-men, financiers, bank

tellers, stock brokers and loan agents. Finance is a wonderful means of backing one's

hunting career with capital and equipment
Cost Desired Effect
1 Earn money through a steady source of income

Learn about major transactions and financial events

Raise capital ($1,000)

Learn about general economic tren

2 Trace an unsecured small account

real motivations for many financial actions of others

small store)

Raise capital to purchase a small business (sing!

3 Purchase a large business (a few small branches or a single lat

store or service)

4 Manipulate local banking (de
alterations)

ay deposits, some credit rating

Ruin a small business

Control an aspect of city-wide banking (shut off ATMs, arrange
a bank "holiday")

Ruin a large business

Purchase a major company

HEALTH

In our modern world, a myriad of organizations and resources exists to deal with

every mortal ache and ill, at least in theory. The network of health agencies, hospitals,
asylums and medical groups is subject to exploitation by someone with Health
Influence. Nurses, doctors, specialists, lab workers, therapists, counselors and pharma-
cists are just a few of the workers within the health field. Hunters use Health to get
medical assistance, and to bring special resources (CDC investigations and quaran-
tines) against supernatural prey
Cost Desired Effect
1 Access a person's health records*
Fake vaccination records and the like
Use public functions of health centers at your leisure
2 Access to some medical research records
Have minor lab work done
Get a copy of coroner's report
3 Instigate minor quarantines
Corrupt results of tests or inspections

Alter medical records

Chantcte Lireation

4 Acquire a body

Completely rewrite medical records

Abuse grants for personal use ($250)
Have minor medical research performed on a subject

Institute large-scale quarantines

Shut down businesses for "health code violations"

Have special research projects performed

Have people institutionalized or released

HIGH SOCIETY

A clique exists of people, who, by virtue of birth, possessions, talent or quirks of fat

hold themselves above the great unwashed masses. High Society allows the ch

acter to
directand use the energiesand actionsof thisexceptional massof talents. Among the ranks.

of the elite, one can find dilettante:

the old rich, movie and rock stars, artists of all sorts,
wannabes, fashion models and trend-setters. High Society Influence is of use primarily in
gathering information on (or watching for supernatural tampering in) lofty mortal circles.
Cost Desired Effect
1 L

Obtain "hard to get" tickets for shows.

arn what is trendy*

Leam about concerts, shows or plays well before they are made public
2 Track most celebrities and luminaries
Be a local voice in the entertainment field
"Borrow" idle cash from rich friends ($1,000)
3 Crush promising careers
Hobnob well above your station*
4 Minor celebrity status
Geta brief appeai

ince ona talk show that's not about to be canceled

Ruin a new club, gallery, festival or other posh gathering
INDUSTRY

The dark world of the Gothic-Punk milieu is built by pumping and grinding

machinery and the toil of endless laborers. A character with the Industry Influence hi

her fingers in this pie. "Industry" is composed of union workers, foremen, engineers,
contractors, construction workers and manual laborers. The careful use of Industry
gives a character some income, as well as contacts in business projects that can trace

the movements of paranormal investors and CEOs.
Cost Desired Effect
1 Learn about industrial projects and movements*
2

Have minor projects performed

Dip into union funds or embezzle petty cash ($500)

Arrange small accidents or sabota

-
3 Organize minor strikes

Appropriate machinery for a short time.
4 Close down a small plant

Revitalize a small plant

Manipulate large local industry


There are those who quietly tip the scales, even in the courts, law schools, law firms

and justice bureaus. Inhabiting these halls are lawyers, judges, bailiffs, clerks, district

attomeysandambulance chasers. Usesof Legal Influence include issuingsubpoenasagainst
preyand harassing targets with lawsuits, not to mention dismissing legal actionsagainst the

hunter (especially when dealing with "collateral damage" incidental to the chase).
Cost Desired Effect
1 Get free representation for minor cases
2 Avoid bail for some charges
Have minor charges dropped
3 Ma

Access public or court funds ($250)

nipulate legal procedures (minor willsand contracts, court date:

Get representation in most court cases
4 Issue subpoenas

Tie up court cases

Have most legal charges dropped

Cancel or arrange parole
5 Close down all but the most serious investigations

Have deportation proceedings held against someone

MEDIA

The media serves as the eyes and ears of the world. While few in this day and age

doubt that the news is not corrupted, many would be surprised at who closes these eyes

and covers these

‘ars from time to time. The media entity is composed of station
directions, editors, reporters, anchors, camera people, photographers and radio
personalities. The careful use of Media Influence allows a hunter to spread his message
and to watch for strange stories that might point to supernatural activity

Cost Desired Effect

1 Learn about breaking stories early*

Submit small articles (within reason)

2 Suppress (but not stop) small articles or reports
Get hold of investigative reporting information

3 Initiate news investigations and reports

Get project funding and waste it ($250)

Access media production resources

Ground stories and projects

4 Broadcast fake stories (local only)

MILITARY

The uncontrolled use of Military Influence can have an unbalancing effect on a

game. Storytellers should not hesitate to restrict or prohibit the use of this Influence.

tions around the world make use of force as a final and
ultimate resort. Standing armies, rebel factions, fanatical terrorist org:

Nations and organ

nizations —all
make use of the strategy and operations that define the military. Military Influence

gives a character some insight into the movements of these sorts of organizations, and

a few well-placed contactson the inside. Exerting the proper sorts of Military Influence
enables a character to gather useful information, to direct military actions and to
acquire specialized military hardware. Contacts and allies among the military include
survivalists, gun nuts, supply officers, military engineers and researchers, enlisted

flunkies and actual soldiers of various ranks.

A ccharacter can use Military Influence to
get accurate information on sellers of spec

ial weapons and armor, and to "borrow"
heavy, expensive or restricted equipment.

Note that some uses of Military Influence allow a character to access heavy

military weapons or armor. In any case where the character "borrows" such equipment,
After

all, the quartermasters of the military keep faithful records of the equipment in their

the equipment must be returned at the end of the session or during downtime.

charge, and they don't favor releasing such gear to civilians. Failure to return the gear
will certainly draw the ire of the military; the character loses his Military Influence and
or kill the offender and
recover the missing equipment. If a character wants to arrange a "black market" of
stolen military goods... well, that's in the hands of the Storyteller.

Cost Desired Effect

1 Know about local military operations*

draws the attention of a special task force designed to capture

Dig up some minor weapons on the gray market (knives, pistols)
Meetsome local paramilitary individuals (survivalists, gun m
publishers, psychopathic killers)

yagazine

2 Know about special military hardware*
Reprimand a local military individual
Figure out which mail-orders and suppliers have "the real deal" (and

get access t0 rifles, specialized ammunition and some body armor)

3 Get information about military ops that aren't public knowledge
.

Access minor military equipment (communic:

ammunition, uniforms) or petty cash ($250)

igure out who ri

ally runs things in local military groups

ion headsets,

xtra

4 Alter or create a service

record
"Borrow" a military weapon or piece of squad gear (assault rifle,

submachine gun, sniper rifle, heavy body armor, hum-vee)

Arrange for a small military operation

Learn about secret military squads

Arrange or clear a court-martial

"Borrow" heavy military gear (machine gun, combat engineering

explosives, flamethrower)

OCCULT

Most people are curious about the supernatural world and the various groups
and beliefs that make up the occult subculture, but few consider it anything but a
hoax, a diversion or a curiosity. This misconception could not be farther from the
truth. The occult community contz

ins cult leaders, alternative religious groups,
charlatans, would-be occultists and New Agers. Perhaps one of the most important
Influences fora hunter, Occult provides access to the information so neces
pursuit of his craft.

ary inthe


Desired Effect

1 Contactand make use of common occult groupsand their practices
Know some of the more visible occult figures*

2 Know and contact some of the more obscure occult figures*
Access resources for most rituals and rites

3 Know the general vicinity of certain supernatural entities (Kindred,
Garou, wraiths, etc.) and possibly contact them.
Can access vital or very rare material components
Milk impressionable wannabes for bucks ($250)
Access occult tomes and writings
Research a Basic Sorcery ritual

4 Research an Intermediate Sorcery ritual

5 Access minor magic items

Unearth an Advanced Sorcery ritual

Study means of developing new Numin

POLICE

"To protect and serve" isa popular motto among the chosen enforcers of the law
But these days, everyone can have reason to doubt the law's ability to enact justice
Perhaps they should wonder whom the law defends, whom it serves and why. The

al

rious clerical positions.

Police Influence encompasses the likes of beat cops, desk jockeys, prison guards, spec

divisions (such as SWAT and homicide), detectives and va

eedless to say, many government hunters have some sway here, and there are great

vantages in having friends on the force — from evading arrest to bringing charges

against suspected supernaturals.
Cost
1

ired Effect

1 police procedure:

Hear police information and rumors
Avoid traffic tickets

I

¢ license plates checked

Avoid minor violations (first conviction)
Get "inside information"

3 Get copies of an investigation report
Have police hassle, detain or harass someone

Find bureau secrets

4 Access confiscated weapons or contraband
Have some serious charges dropped
Start an investigation
Get money, either from the evidence room or as an appropriation
($1,000)
5 Institute major investigations
Arrange setups

Instigate bureau invest

Have officers fired

POLITICS

Nothing ever gets done forstraightforward reasons any more. It's all who knows

who and what favors can get paid off in the process. In other words, it's politics as
usual, and there'sa whole class of people who thriv

in this world of favors and policy
flacks. Some of these individuals include statesmen, pollsters, activists, party
members, lobbyists, candidates and politicians themselves. Since many supernatu-
ral creatures attempt to control mortal society, Politics gives a hunter the chance to
track their influence, destroy their minions and wreck their plans.
Cost Desired Effect
1 Minor lobbying
Identify real platforms of politicians and parties*
Be in the know*
2 Meet small-time politicians
Garner inside information on processes, laws and the like

Use a slush fund or fund-raiser ($1,000)

3 Sway or alter political projects (local parks, renovations, small
construction)
4 Enact minor legislation

Dash careers of minor politicians

Get your candidate in a minor office
Enact encompassing legislature
STREET

Disenchanted, disenfranchised and ignored by their "betters," a whole
collective of humanity has made its own culture and lifestyle to deal with the
harsh lot life has dealt out. Gang members, the homeless, street performers,
petty criminals, prostitutes and the forgotten all reside in the dark alleys and
slums. Street Influence gives a hunter an "ear to the ground" and access to some
hard-to-get resources.

Cost Desired Effect

1 Has an ear open for the word on the street

Identify most gangs and know their turfs and habits

Live mostly without fear on the underside of society
Keep a contact or two in most aspects of street life
Access small-time contraband
3 Gert insight on other areas of Influence
Arrange some services from street people or gangs
Get pistols or uncommon melee weapons
4 Mobilize groups of homeless
Panhandle or hold a "collection" ($250)
Get hold of a shotgun, rifle or SMG

Have a word in almost all aspects of gang operations

Control a single medium-s

d gang

Arrange impressive protests by street people


TRANSPORTATION

The world is in constant motion, its prosperity relying heavily on the fact that

people and productions fly, float or roll to and from every corner of the planet.

ithout the means to perform this monumental task, our"small" world would become

a daunting orb with larg

sm

, isolated stretches. The forces thi

bridge these expanses
include cab and bus drivers, pilots, air traffic controllers, travel firms, sea captains,

conductors, border guards and untold others. Fleeing prey can be caught with control

of Transportation, while a proper hunter can use this Influence to his own tactical
advantage by choosing the ground on which he fights.
Cost Desired Effect
1 Know what goes where, when and why
Travel locally quickly and freely*
2 Track an unwary target if he uses public transportation
Arrange passage safe (or at least concealed) from mundane threats
(robbery, terrorism, etc.)
3 Seriously hamper an individual's ability to travel
Avoid mostsupernatural dangers when traveling (suchas werewolves)
4 Temporarily shut down one form of transportation (busines, ships,
planes, trains, etc.)

100)

Reroute major modes of travel

Route money your way ($

Smuggle with

mpunity

UNDERWORLD

Even in the most cosmopolitan of ages, society has found certain needs and services
too questionable to accept. In every age, some organized effort has stepped in to provide
for this demand, regardless of the risks. Among this often ruthless and dangerous crowd
are the likes of hit-men, Mafia, Yakuza, bookies, fences and launderers. Tho
hunters find working with these elements distasteful, eventu

gh many
eryone deals

Ily almost e'
with Underworld Influence to gather necessary weapons and materials.
Cost Desired Effect
1 Locate minor contraband (knives, small-time drugs, petty g
scalped tickets)

mbling,

2 Obtain pistols, serious drugs, stolen cars
Hire muscle to rough someone up
Fence minor loot
Prove that crime pays (and score $1,000)
3 Obtain a rifle, shotgun or SMG
Arrange a minor "hit"
Know someone in "the Family"
4 Make white collar crime connections

5 Arrange gangland assassinations

Hire a demolition man or firebug

Supply local drug needs

UNIVERSITY

In an age when the quest for learning and knowledge begins in schools, colleges

and universities, information becomes currency. University Influence represents a
certain degree of control and perhaps involvement in these institutions. In this sphere
of Influenc
Gr

available through University Influence should never be overlooked, and many schol-

one finds the teachers, professors, deans, students of all ages and levels,

ek orders and many young and impressionable minds. The research material

arly societies have hidden members ensconced in the academic
Cost Desired Effect

1 Know layout and policy of local schools*

community

Have access to low-level university resources
Get records up to the high school level
2 Know a contact or two with useful knowledge or skills
Have minor access to facilities
Fake h
Obtain college records
3 C

h school records

all in faculty favors

Cancel a class

Fix grades

Discredit a student
4 Or

Discredit faculty members

nize student protests and rallies

Acquire money through a grant ($1,000)

5 Falsify an undergraduate d

STEP FOUR: FINISHING TOUCHES

The last pieces of character creation come together here, including Willpower,
Humanity Traits, Derangements, Merits and FI

WILLPOWER

Willpower measures a hunter's drive and fortitude. Hunters begin with one
Willpower Trait, but they may purchase additional Traits with Experience Traits

laws.

Willpower gives a character the extra strength to overcome obstacles and to
succeed where others would surrender and fail. Willpower Traits can be used for
almost anything that the player deems important.

* You can spend a Willpower Trait to replenish all your lost Traits in one
category: Ph

ical, Social or Mental. You may refresh each given category once in any
game session.

© Youcan spend a Willpower Trait to ignore the effects of any wounds, up to and
including Incapacitated, for the duration of one challenge

E

Mental or Social Challenge. In such a case, you effectively gain a retest against the

<pending one Willpower Trait allows you to negate the effects of any one

offending power, ignoring the results of the initial challenge.


| lant pA |
______

© You may spend a Willpower Trait to resist the urges of a Derangement for 10

minutes
* You can expend a Willpower Trait to make a test for a challenge that would

normally require the use of an Ability. For example, if you are trying to break into

vampire's haven but you don't have the Security Ability, you can expend a Willpower
Trait to call for a test to notice the haven's safeguards — a task that would normally
be outside of your experience

* Some specific powers require the expenditure of Willpower Traits to function
Also, at the Storyteller's discretion, you may be required to spend a Willpower Trait
to attempt something particularly difficult or obviously dangerous

Once a Willpower Trait has been spent, it is gone until the end of the story. At
this time, the character regains all Willpower used during the course of the story

A Storyteller may also award the recovery of a Willpower Trait when a character
experiencessomething that reaffirms his self-confidence, such asaccomplishinga task
in line with his Nature. Lenient Storytellers may also grant partial recovery of
Willpower during the course of particularly length games. Thus, if a game runs for
several consecutive days (ata convention, for instance), the Storyteller may rule that
you regain a Trait of Willpower after each full period of sleep.

HUMANITY

All humans have a fundamental wellspring of life and nature that provides a
uniquely mortal perspective. Pick four Humanity Traits that represent the best
aspects of your character's personality even if you keep them hidden. Describe
what's fundamentally good about your hunter, whether he actually behaves in such

a fashion or keeps his virtues under wraps. After all, even the most brutal mortal

keeps a tenuous tie to humanity

a
HUMAMITY TRAITS

Benevolent, Charitable, Chivalrous, F:

, Generous, Giving, Gracious,
Helpful, Honorable, Humane, Innocent, Kind, Liberal, Loyal, Merciful, Moral,
Naive, Pious, Sympathetic, Warm

HUMANITY

Humanity separates mortals from the rest of the supernatural world at large.
Humanity is the mortal's connection to the fundamental forces of life. Through
Humanity, people are connected to one another and to their surroundings. Therefore,
characters with many Humanity Traits are ver

much "in touch" with themselves and
their environments; individuals with little Humanity are cold and distant

Most mortals have four Humanity Traits. Particularly caring or insightful mortals
may have more, possessing up to eight Traits. Conversely, no mortal can ever fall
permanently to zero Humanity Traits. There is always a spark of humanity at the core
of any mortal's being.

Chath let { séation

The moder world often derides Humanity as dangerous and worthless. Nice
guys finish last, afterall. Just getting by in the World of Darkness requires some degree
of callousness and a willingness to do whatever is necessary to survive. Yet still, many
people hold on tight ro their Humanity. The habits of compassion and honordie hard.
In a world gone mad with killers and manipulators, Humanity — the power of
fundamental inte

y — may actually be the best defense.

(HUMANITY

Humanity Traits serve many purposes.

As a measure of character and inner

strength, Humanity Traits give mortals exceptional endurance when threatened.

POWERING NUMINAE

Humanity Traits are often temporarily expended to power Numinae. By
drawing on her connection to the world around her, a human taps into powerful
forces. Similarly, dedication to principles of humane behavior can grant a strength
of character and resolve that allows a human to exert her faith in the fundamental
nature of existence.

RELIEF OF DERANGEMENTS

Early in each game, a player may expend one Humanity Trait to temporarily
relieve her character of a Derangement. A Storyteller should note this expenditure of

Humanity, which lasts for the duration of the evening's game. The player should

ideally use this capability atthe beginning of the session. It's inappropriate to suddenly

decide to use Humanity to avoid a Derangement after the Derangement becomes a
problem in play.

Using Humanity to fight a Derangement should be played out. Whether a
racter confides in a trusted friend about his constant battle to work through a

angement, prays vociferously for strength or displays the St. Christopher medal his
mother gave him on her death bed, he should perform some in-game action to
demonstrate the expenditure of this very important Trait

THREATS TO LIFE AND LIMB

Humanity Traits can also be used when a character's "fight or flight" instinct is
triggered. In a survival situation, a player can spend a Humanity Trait to be up one
Trait fora challenge. Alternately, the player can use the Humanity Trait in place of
another Trait, drawing on reserves of inner strength to persevere. This only works in
life-threatening situations.

LOSING HUMANITY

Humanity is a precious thing, and it is all too hard to hold onto while living the
life of a hunter. Contact with the supernatural tends to distance a character from the
benefits of everyday life.

Whenever a mortal commits a base or inhumane deed, he jeopardi:

his Humanity.
From accidentally killing an innocent in the cleansing fire which destroys a vampire, to

torturing a werewolf to find out who its associates are, acts of outrageous or unnecessary
cruelty and other immoral acts can all lead to the erosion of a mortal's Humanity

69"


Depending on the number of Humanity Traits the character has, some actions may
be deemed acceptable, while others are definitely depraved. A character with seven
Humanity Traits might shy at breaking and entering, whereas one with only three
Humanity Traits wouldn't hold back at roughing up someone for information. Whenever
situation orsession concludes in which a character has committed a deed worthy ofa loss
of Humanity, the Storytellershould engage in a Simple Test with the player. If the player
loses the test, the character loses.a permanent Humanity Trait. The Storytellershould feel
free to choose the Trait to be lost, making it as appropriate to the situation as possible.

Ar the Storyteller's discretion, characters of particularly low Humanity may be
awarded Negative Traits (the Negative Social Trait of Callous seems quite appropri-
ate), or even Derangement, to reflect the growing disconnection with their humane
side. These Traits can be assigned even if the characters succeed in the test to avoid
losinga Humanity Trait, Humans who fail a test while only possessing one remaining
Humanity Tr

t automatically gain some sort of Negative

rait or Derangement, at
the Storyteller's discretion; the fundamental connection to Humanity can never be
lost, but the character will spiral into madness. No Free Traits or Experience Traits
accompany the gain of such Negative Traits or Derangements.

The following chart shows the least sin that will cause a temporary loss of

Humanity in a character with the corresponding number of Humanity Traits. (For

example, a character with four Humanity Traits would be horrified if he accidentally

killed someone, but likely would not bat an eyelash at punching someone in the face.

A person with eight Humanity Traits, on the other hand, would head straight for his

Father Confessor for accidentally running over a pedestrian's foot.)

a
HIERARCHY OF SIN

Eight Humanity Accidentally inflicting injury

Seven Humanity Purposefully inflicting injury

Six Humanity Theft and robbery

Five Humanity Unreasonable destruction

Four Humanity Accidental killing

Three Humanity Premeditated murder

Two Humanity Mass murder, torture

One Humanity Gross perversion and acts of great evil

Remember, losing Humanity isa terrible thing. This sort of erosion ofa mortal's
soul profoundly affects the character's personality. Characters who lose Humanity
tend to be cynical, jaded and vicious. The loss of even one Trait has a noticeable effect
on long-established behavior patterns

REGAINING HUMANITY

Regaining Humanity Traits is a function of how the Traits were used or lost.
Humanity spent to power Numinae, save a loved one, counteract a fear or face a life-
threatening situation is regained in time (in other words, all Traits spent this way
return by the ne: nt). Mortals in a hurry or in desperate need can also expend a
Willpower Trait to replace a Humanity Trait.

xt ev

Humanity Traits lost permanently can only be regained through extraordi-
nary penance, decreed by a Storyteller and roleplayed out over a series of sessions.
The character must show remorse for the actions that caused him to lose

Humanity, and even then, Humanity should not be returned lightly.

Reaffirming a connection to your inner childlike innocence, performing
charitable works (and not just for the possibility of regaining Humanity!) or being
sympathetic to the problems of others are just some examples of the kind of
behavior that might merit a gain of Humanity. Of course, the cost in Experience
Traits must still be paid. The same applies to actually improving one's Humanity.
The character must experience a fundamental connection to her own inner
strength and to the mass of humanity around her.

Storytellers may note characters who are constantly losing and regaining
Humanity Traits. If this situation becomes chronic, the Storyteller may declare
that the character has become jaded, and may no longer attempt to regain
Humanity Traits that have been lost permanently.

NUMINAE

Numinae, supernatural powers possessed by mortals, allow hunters to even
the playing field a bit when contesting with vampires, werewolves and their ilk
With Numinae, a mortal can cast minor spells, use psychic powers or call on
divine assistance.

Numinae include True Faith, which represents a belief in and connection to
a higher power; Psychic Phenomena, powers of the mind; and Sorcery, the ability
to use minor magic. Each Numina has a set of associated powers, and Psychic
Phenomena and Sorcery are divided into different categories of capabilities. Psychic
Phenomena include the powers of Clairvoyance, Pyrokinesis, Telekinesis and Telepa-

thy. Sorcery includes the magical paths of Conjuration, Enchantment,
Ephemera, Healing, Herbalism, and Summoning, Binding and Warding. True Faith, on
the other hand, manifests varying powers based on the religion of the individual in

e are fully described in Chapter Three.

NEGATIVE TRAITS

By specifying certain weaknesses, you can gain extra Traits to strengthen your
character in other areas. These Ne;

question. Numina

ative Traits can be used against you ina challenge

an be
ppropriate to describe a hunter's natural flaws. Furthermore, each Negative Trait
that you take grants you an additional positive Trait anywhere else. You can take up
to five Negative Traits in any combination that seems to describe your character,
though you don't have to take any

though, as they represent your character's shortcomings. However, they

Each Negative Trait adds to your pool of Free Traits, for later use in selecting
additional powers and Traits. Thus, if you take the Negative Trait Docile, you can gain
an additional positive Trait like Diplomatic or Ability such as Firearms. Additionally,
you can combine these Traits to purchase more expensive Merits and Numinae, as
shown under "Free Traits.

Negative Traits are listed with the other Attribute Traits.


DERANGEMENTS

Derangements represent insanity and mental instability. You may choose to take
one Derangement, if you desire, which counts as tw

ative Traits. If youdo choose
to take a Derangement, you are limited to no more than three additional Negative
Traits (since you can only take a total of five),

t off
steam by giving way. Hunters, who operate in a high-adrenaline occupation 24 hours

Under extreme pressure, the human mind tends to crack, attempting to |

1 day, are particularly susceptible to mental trauma and instability. Such problems are
represented by Derangements, which may activate under times of stress to cause
mental problems for the character

You can opt to start with one Derangement. A Derangement counts as two Negative

Traits, but it can be quite dangerous if you run into a few vampires while in the midst of

x panicattack. Conversely, hunters under gre: Derangements atthe
discretion of the Storyteller. Any hunter who loses her last permanent Humanity Trait
immediately gains a Derangement, as she spirals into inhuman insanity. The final

Humanity Trait is ret

stress may suffer fr

ained (as it's impossible for a human to fully lose touch with her
human nature) but the Storyteller ass

s an appropriate new Derangement

Expenditure of Willpower can curb the effects of a Derangement, but the
De

Willpower can stave off Derangements permanently. A character who hasspent seven

‘angements always come back to hi

int the character. Only prolonged use of

to 15 Willpower Traits in resisting Derangements may manage to overcome the

handicap, at the Storyteller's discretion

AMNESIA

In highly traumatic situations, you sometimes forget who and even what you are.

You may simply forget the memory of a single situation, or you may forget everything
about your identity, including your current mission. When events and situations that
remind you of your lost memories present themselves, those memories may return,
sometimes violently

COMPULSIVE LYING

You were in New York with a friend once — the name isn't important — and you
managed to convince this car dealer (he was pretty hard up to make a sale) to sell you his
brand-new Dodge Viper for, like, a thousand dollars. What a great deal! He didn't even
charge tax or have you go through the whole paperwork of registering it or anything. He
did all that himself. Oh, you want to see the car? Well, it's in the shop right now being
repainted. Itwas this nasty shade of lime green. You say Vipers don't come in green? Well,
thisone wasaspecial edition, signed by the president of the company. What was hisname?
Well, the signature wasn't very legible — you know how big businessmen are.

When you are being pressured about something, this Derangement can be
triggered and you must spend Willpower not to lie outrageously

DELUSIONAL
When things get particularly hard to deal with, you often revert to someone you

can trust to do a better job than you would. Somebody efficient; somebody stalwart.
Delusional identities arise from feelings of complete hopelessness and despair,

and they reflect your deepest terrors. In moments of stress or fear, your real personality

will retreat, and a replacement identity (but with the same Traits, ete.), constructed

from your ideas of what competence is, will take its place. This other self can be a
fictional, historical or composite character.

Alternately, your delusions may take the form of misinterpretation of the
situation at hand, to make it seem more comfortable and acceptable to you

DIPSOMAMIA

You are possessed by the urge to drink yourself into an absolute stupor when the

going gets tough (oreven mildly irritating). Such a Derangement can destroy any trust

others may place in you. This weakness, should it become known, could be used very
effectively

ainst you as.a weapon. If the Derangement comes over you at an eve
you will immediately be affected by the Negative Mental Trait Witless

fi

Happy drunk or nor, you are unsightly in this state. You stagger about, weave as

you walk and say all the wrong things. You know you are stronger and more effective

while drunk, however, and you turn to it as a crutch to help you out

HEBREPHREMIA

The horror of the World of Darkness unveiled has shattered your perceptions of
everything you once held as logical and real. This mental trauma has plunged you into
1 state of mind where you maintain you sanity by clinging to the idea that everything
is going on in your head. Everyone you know is but a character in the little play world
your mind has created. Those around you get pretty mad when you are rude with them,
but it doesn't matter because they aren't even real. Who cares if a fi

nent of your

imagination gets annoyed, anyway?

HYPOCHONDRIA

You have noticed that when you get even the slightest bit stressed you begin to

get sick. The sickness is usually just a headache or upset stomach, but sometimes it gets
much worse. If, at any time during an event you become upset about anything, you will

begin to think you are coming down with somethii

g. In all probability you are quite
healthy, but you need some kind of excuse to get sympathy from those about you
When you begin to get "sick" from all the stress, you will effectively be down by one
Physical Trait for the rest of the event or until your "attack" passes.

INTELLECTUALIZATION

You have recoiled from the horror of your situation, and you protect yourself by
feel

g nothing. You insulate yourself in a world of logic and intellectual vigor where
emotions have no place. By isolating your incompatible needs and thoughts into

bly

ate compartments, you avoid losing control. However, the pressure inevit

mounts, and the dam eventually bursts during a stressful situation.

MAMIC-DEPRESSION

You sink into deep and fitful depressions, showing no interest in anything that used

to capture your imagination. You view the world as flat and gray, holding nothing of
value for you. You cannot rouse yourself tod

nything, thou

you will go along with

others rather than expend the energy to resist. Conversely, occasional fits of great energy

grab hold of you, and you will work for hours or even days on your projects. During this

time you resist even the need to sleep as you burn upall your resources on your schemes


MASOCHISM

Sometimes things will go wrong, dreadfully so,

ind deep in your heart, you know
it's your fault. Since nobody else may necessarily know that it'sall your fault, you have
to work out a way of keeping yourself in line. Sometimes you do this by getting in
harmful situations or by hanging about people and creatures who dislike you. You
deserve their abuse, after all.

Youeven tend to injure yourself physically, but never toadegree that most people
would notice. You don't want anybody to know what a terrible person you are. If a

problem comes up and you get blamed, even falsely, you apologize profusely and offer
yourselfup to the mercy of your accuser. Even if you're not responsible for it this time,

odds are it's just karma catching up with you for all of your other crime:

MULTIPLE PERSONALITIES

You possess a number of different personalities,

ure and
Demeanor in times of great personal stress. Thus you behave in radically different ways

and you change Na

at different times, Naturally this causes others to distrust you, as they're never quite
sure who they're talking to. Your current personality persists until either you change
personality again during a stressful situation or you expend a Willpower Trait to return
to your "basic" personality

OBSESSION

When a new person enters your life or you are faced with a dramatic situation,

you can sometimes become obsessed with that person or some fetish associated with
the situation. This Derangement gives you a sort of perverse ambition toward which
you direct all your energy. If you are directly thwarted in your obsession, you may
react violently.

OBSESSIVE~COMPULSION
You are obsessed with keeping track of things, maintaining exhaustive records

and keeping everything in its place. Unless absolute order is maintained in your life,
everything will dissolve into chaos.

PANZAISM

Since your induction to the ways and world of the supernatural, you have

become completely detached. When this Derangement is at its mildest, you have
some trouble with the idea of the world at li

ge being real. You seem to be halfway
‘out of your body, in a way

When the Derangement is at its worst, however, things get really interesting.
When thus afflicted, you realize that nothing is real. Nothing. You are nothing.
Everything is unreal. You can'taffect it and it can't affect you because there is nothing
there. When everythingseems tobe going wrong, you wrap yourself up in this idea and
don't come out until things are a little more to your liking.

PARANOIA

When someone threatens or stubbomly opposes you, you become convinced that
the person is after you. You become obsessed with those you believe to be your enemies,
and you make all kinds of mad preparations to protect yourself. During bouts of this
Derangement, you trust no one and hold even your closest friends under suspicion.

A_A_A_A_A_A_
menmanmand er Lrton |

PERFECTION

When nothing seems to be going right, you can become obsessed with perfection.
erything must be justso,and you use all yourenergy to preventanything from going wrong.

You focus all your attention on keeping everything about you in perfect, unaltered order.

POWER-MADNESS

You can become so obsessed with power and dominance that you lose all control
of yourself. When your ambitions are thwarted, you sometimes become enraged and
attack those who oppose you. In general, you seek total and absolute control over
everything and everyone around you.

QUIXOTISM

This Derangement is the opposite of Panzaism. You believe absolutely in everything
you see or hear. Yes, there are faeries. That guy with all the hair, he's a werewolf. This
pendant came from Atl

tis. You'll be out challenging windmills to personal combat, at
least metaphorically. You most likely came from a perfectly mundane background where
nothing out of the ordinary happened. Now that you've been initiated into the true nature
of the World of Darkness, you've taken everything to the farthest reaches of your
im: e down two Mental Traits.

gination. When stress overtakes you, you

REGRESSION

In times of stress, when much is being demanded of you, you can become childlike,

retreating to a less mature aspect of yourself. At such times you find it di

icult to do

anything for yourself, and without the aid of others, you are quite helpless.

SADISM

You tend to revert to cruelty when under pressure. Nothing relieves your stress
like causing people pain. Physical pain isn't all you excel in, though — sometimes
mental scarring can last much longer than a mere physical wound. Whenever

confronted with something that profoundly bothers you, you must either spend a
Willpower Tr

tor find some way of taking out your anger on someone immediately.

MERITS AND FLAY

Merits and Flaws represent special advantages and disadvantages that

extend
beyond mundane capabilities. By taking Merits or Flaws, you mark your character as

unique, with rare powers or resources beyond those available to most normal humans.

Merits grant special powers and benefits, and they can only be taken by expending
available Traits. Conversely,

Flaws mark hindrances or special disadvantages and give

you additional Traits with which to flesh out your character.
You do not have to take any Merits or Flaws, and your Storyteller may choose to limit
certain ones or forbid them entirely. However, afew well-chosen Meritsand

outa hunter, defining why he special

Jawscan round

inaparticular Ability orgivinghim notable powers

You may select up to five Traits' worth of Flaws for your character; you gain
additional Free Traits equal to the value of the chosen Flaws. Merits, on the otherhand,
cost Free Traits to acquire; you may take any amount of Merits, subject to the limit of
the Traits that you have available. If you wish (and if yourStorytellerapproves), you may
take more than five Traits worth of Flaws to representa particularly disturbed or crippled

character, but you cannot gain more than five Free Traits regardless of the total number


of Flaws taken. In some cases, the Storyteller may restrict the purchase of Merits and
Flaws — or ban their use outright — so be sure to ask first

Merits and Flaws are unusual advantages and disadvantages that go a long way

toward creating

three-dimensional character. Many of them will be familiar because
they have always been available to supernatural creatures, but there are some new ones
specifically for mortal characters.

Meritsare advantageous toa character, and they have a Trait cost associated with them,
Flawsaredisadvantageous,and therefore, bestowa number ofaddlitional Free Traits. Playerscan
only choose Merits and

jaws at character creation, and these chosen should fit in with the
racter. Over the course of a chronicle, and with the Storyteller's approval,

concept of the ch
a character may develop a Merit or overcome a Flaw due to something monumental that
happens in a story. To doso costs double the Merit or Flaw's normal cost in

APTITUDES

These Merits and Flaws deal with your abilities and natural talents.

ABILITY APTITUDE (1 TRAIT MERIT)

You have a natural affinity for a particular non combat-related Ability. You are
two Traits up on all tests directly related to that Ability.

AMBIDENTROUS (1 TRAIT MERIT)

You have no penalty for doing things with your "off" hand. You can fight with

perience Traits.

two weapons, simply risking one additional Trait with each attack (normally,
someone attacking with two weapons would risk one additional Trait for his primary
hand, and two additional Traits for his secondary hand). Furthermore, you suffer no
penalties when performing tasks with either hand; most people must risk an additional
Trait whenever using the wrong hand.

PITIABLE CL TRAIT MERIT)

There is something about you that causes others to take care of you

as if you were
a child. Some Natures will not be affected by this Merit, and some Demeanors may
pretend they are not. You need to decide what it is about you that attracts such pity,
and how you feel about it. When someone has challenged you with intent to do you
harm, you are one Trait up in your own defense.

DAREDEVIL(S TRAIT MERIT)

You are good at taking risks, and you aren't too bad at surviving them, either. You
are one Trait up on any challenge in which you try something particularly dangerous.
This Merit only applies to combat if you are obviously outmatched, but wade in anyway.

JACK-OF-ALL-TRADES (5 TRAIT MERIT)

You have a large pool of miscellaneous talents, skills and knowledge obtained through
your extensive travels, the jobs you've held or too much time spent watching public
tel

ision. You may invoke Abilities which you do not normally possess, though you must
risk an additional Trait todoso.
a lock with S

instance, you could expend a Mental Trait to try to pick

aaity, even if you don't possess that Ability; you still need to make any
associated tests (such as a further Challenge to actually pick the lock) normally. Of course,
you may choose to expend a Willpower Trait to attempt an unknown Ability, as ust


l Cheractet Clon

ALLITERATE (1 TRAIT FLAW)

You are unable to read or write. This Flaw is a cause of endless frustration when
trying to perform research about supernatural quarry

INEPT (5 TRAIT FLAW)

You are not attuned to your natural aptitudes. You start the game with no Ability
Traits or Influences. Furthermore, you cannot raise any Ability or Influence above one
level until you've overcome this Flaw

AWARENESS

These Merits and Flaws deal with your perception.

ACUTESENSE(L TRAIT MERIT)

You have an exceptionally sharp sense (choose from hearing, vision, smell or

taste). You are two Traits up on alll perception challe

HARD OF HEARING (1 TRAIT FLAW)

Your hearing is defective. You are two Traits down on hearing challenges. You
may not take the Merit: Acute Sense (Hearing)

IMPAIRED SIGHT (1 TRAIT FLAW)

You are severely nearsighted or farsighted, and you require corrective lenses.

s related to that sense.

Without your glasses, you are one Trait down on sight-related challenges. You may not
take the Merit: Acute Sense (Vision) if you take this Flaw

ONEEYE(2 TRAIT FLAW)

You are missing one eye, determined randomly or chosen. You have no peripheral
vision on your blind side, and are two Traits down on any test requiring depth
perception, such as firing a gun. You may choose to cover one eye while you are playing.

WEAK 2 TRAIT FLAW)

One of your senses is defective, though not totally absent. In all challenges

relating to this sense, you are automatically down two Traits. Such damage is not
correctable; glasses won't help weak sight in this case, nor will a hearing aid
overcome weak hearing. Rather, you suffer from an incurable deficiency, such as
severe astigmatism or tinnitus. Obviously, you may not have a sense that is
simultaneously acute and weak

DEAF (3 TRAIT FLAW)

You cannot hear sound, and you must relent on challenges related to hearing.

You should get your Storyteller's approval before choosing this Flaw, as it can be

difficult to roleplay if you are not truly deaf.

BLIND (6 TRAIT FLAW)

You have no sense of vision, and you must relent on challenges related to sight
You should roleplay this Flaw to the best of your ability, but not to a point where it
endangers anyone's safety.


Lant of the int

MENTAL

These Merits and Flaws deal with the capabilities of your mind.

COMMON SENSE( TRAIT MERIT)

You have a great deal of everyday wisdom and practicality. Whenever you are

about to make a blunder that goes against better judg

ent, a Narrator will alert you

to your potential mistake. This Merit is excellent for novice players.

TIMESENSE (1 TRAIT MERIT)

You are always aware of the time, even when you've been sleeping or under-

ground. You can estimate the current time toa minute or two and follow the calendar
in your head with exacting precision. Furthermore, you resistany powers that disorient
your time sense (such as the changeling Art of Chronos) with two additional Traits
This Merit is excellent for ju

ing sunrise and sunset, of course, and therefore ideal
for hunting vampires.

EIDETIC MEMORY (2 TRAIT MERIT)

You are two Traits up on all memory-related challenges, as you can remember
anything you see or hear with perfect clarity. Alchough supernatural befuddlement
canstill cloud your memory, you're likely to become quite suspicious if someone draws
attention to your clouded mind,

mply because you're used to remembering every-

thing. At any time, you may ask a Narrator for information re

rding something you
wish to recall, and the Narrator is obliged to inform you appropriately (alth

igh you

may be required to make a Simple Test for complex or lengthy dissertations)

TRON WILL (4 TRAIT MERIT)

When your mind is set, nothing can thwart you from your goals. You are extremely
resistant to powers that affect your mind or emotions, such as the vampiric Discipline
of Dominate. Whenever magic

| means are used to control your mind, you may expend
a Trait of Willpower to automatically resist (instead of simply gaining a retest). If you
do not have any remaining Willpower Traits, or if you are unaware of the attempt and
thus unable to actively resist, you are still two Traits up in the challenge.

CONFUSED (2 TRAIT FLAW)

You are often confused, and the world seems to be a very disoriented and twisted

place. Sometimes you are simply unable to make sense of things. You need to roleplay
this behavior all the time to a small degree, but your confusion becomes especially
strong whenever you

re SU

round by excessive stimuli (such as a number of people all
talking at once, or the noise in a loud nightclub). You are two Traits down on all
challenges in such situations. You may spend a Willpower Trait to override the effects

of your confusion, but only for a scene.

ABSENT-MINDED (3 TRAIT FLAW)

Though you do not forget such thingsas Abilities, you do forget names, addresses and
what you ate for breakf,

t. In order to remember anything other than your own name,
address and phone number during stressful situations, you must win a Static Mental
allenge (the Storyteller will determine the difficulty) or spend a Willpower Trait


Charice { a€ation

WEAK-WILLED (3 TRAIT FLAW)

You are highly susceptible to the control of others, and are two Traits down in all
challenges where youare commanded or intimidated. You can only use your Willpower when
survival isatstake orit isappropriate to yourNature, Furthermore, yourwillisnotstrongenough
to use any form of hedg

PHYSICAL

These Merits and Flaws deal with your health and physical body.

DOUBLE-JOLNTED (1 TRAIT MERIT)

You are unusually supp!

magic. You cannot leam to use Sorcery or Theurgy of any sort

You are one Trait up on all Physical Challenges
requiring body flexibility, such as clambering up a chimney or reaching into a tiny
space to get back your dropped crucifix

LIGHT SLEEPER (2 TRAIT MERIT)

You can awaken instantly at any sign of trouble or danger, and you do so without

any sleepiness or hesitation. While most mortals are two Traits down on all tests for

a turn after awakening, you wake up automatically at anything amiss and suffer no
penalties for drowsiness. You get by quite well on four hours of sleep per night, a

significant advantage when hunting vampires in the evenings while holdingaday job.

RESEMBLE VAMPIRE (2 TRAIT MERIT)

You are naturally pale and thin, and you physically resemble a vampire to some
degree, While you obviously don't have fangs and youstill have a heartbeat, your basic
physical appearance is indistinguishable from one of the undead. You can move easily

among vampires without too much fear of recognition — though you had best be

prepared for some initial misunderstandings on the part of other hunters.

POISONOUS BLOOD (3 TRAIT MERIT)

For whatever reason, your blood is poisonous to vampires. Although you suffer

injury normally when a vampire drinks your blood, the

ampire gains no nourishment
from the fluid, and he suffers one Health Level of damage for each Trait of blood he
consumes. Unfortunately, vampires cannot tell that your blood is poisonous until it
is ingested, so this does not protect you from initial attack, but it does mean that
vampires are unlikely to feed on you again later.

HUGE SIZE(A TRAIT MERIT)

You are abnormally large in size, possibly over seven feet tall and 400 pounds in
weight. You have one extra Health Level, making you able to suffer more harm before
youare incapacitated. You should represent this Merit with bulky padding and heavy
boots if you are not actually of tremendous size:

DEEP SLEEPER (1 TRAIT FLAW)

When you sleep, it is very difficult to awaken you. If you are awakened
unexpectedly, you are disoriented, leaving you two Traits down for all challenges
during the following hour. Furthermore, the Storyteller may require you to make a

Simple Test to wake up in the first place when danger or mishap threatens.


DISFIGURED (2 TRAIT FLAW)

A hideous disfigurement makes you ugly and easy to remember. You may never
have any Alluring, Gorgeous or Seductive Social Traits. If your true appearance is
visible, you are two Traits down on any Social Challenge (except Intimidation) that
you initiate.

AGING (3 TRAIT FLAW)

You are not as spry as you used to be

nd you are beginning to feel the weight of
your years. You automatically lose one of your Physical Traits, and your maximum
Physical Traits are one less than other mortals. You may take this Flaw once per decade
above 40 years of age.

DEFORMITY (3 TRAIT FLAW)

You have some sort of deformity —a misshapen limb, a hunchback or whatever
—which affects your interactions with others and may inconvenience you physically.
You are one Trait down on all tests of a physical nature, and two Traits down on all
challenges related to physical appearance.

HEMOPHILIAC(3 TRAIT FLAW)

When youare injured, youdo not naturally stop bleeding. Cuts continue to bleed
and bruises worsen through internal injury. Once you are physically wounded, you
suffer an additional Health Level of damage every 10 minutes until someone helps you
and makes a successful Mental Challenge (with a difficulty of six Traits) using the
Medical Ability. Vampires who feed from you discover that, strangely, they cannot
close the wound with a lick

ONEARM(3 TRAIT FLAW)

You have only one arm, determined randomly or chosen at character creation.
You have become used to using your remaining hand, so you suffer no off

and
penalty. However, you are down two Traits on challenges where two hands would
normally be required.

PARTIALLY CRIPPLED (3 TRAIT FLAW)

Your legs are injured or otherwise prevented from working effectively. You are
down three Traits in all challenges relating to movement. You may need assistance in
walking, such as a pair of crutches or a wheelchair.

POTENT BLOOD (3 TRAIT FLAW)

Your blood is especially nourishing and desirable to vampires. Your blood is worth
twice as many Blood Traitsasa normal mortals,

>a vampire who drinks one of your Blood

iffer only one Health Level of damage).

Vampires have names for people like you — "Slurpee," "Comucopia" or simply "Mine!"
You cannot have the Merit: Lifegiver in addition to this Flaw.

MUTE(4 TRAIT FLAW)

Your vocal apparatus does not function, and you cannot speak at all. You can

Traits gains two instead (although you still

communicate through other means, typically writingorsigning. Obvious

y,thisdeficiency
makes it impossible for you to call on Sorcery or other powers requiring speech.

PSICHOLOGICAL

These Merits and Flaws deal with aspects of your personality.

CODE OF HONOR (1 TRAIT MERIT)

You have a personal code of ethics to which you strictly adhere. You can
automatically resist most temptations that would bring you into conflict with your
code. When battling supernatural persuasion that would make you violate your code,
you are considered to have two extra Traits in challenges. You must construct your

own personal code of honor in as much detail as you can, outlining the general rules

of conduet by which you abide, and this code must be approved by the Storyteller,

HIGHER PURPOSE (1 TRAIT MERIT)

You have a goal that drives and directs you in everything. You do not concern
yourself with petty matters and casual concerns because your higher purpose is
everything to you. Though the purpose may sometimes force you to behave contrary
to your survival instinct, it can also grant you great personal strength. You have two
extra Traits in challer

es that have anything to do with this higher purpose. Be sure
to discuss your idea for a higher purpose with the Storyteller

This Merit can bea common one for hunters, since they frequently hold to the lofty ideal
ofricklingthe world ofsupematural menace, but yourStorytellershoukdnotallow ittobeabused.

If you have the Flaw: Driving Goal, you cannot take this Merit.

ANACHRONISM A(T TRAIT FLAW)

You are an older hunter, who has never taken the time to fully understand the
wonders of the modern age. You do not think to use a computer to aid your record
keeping, nor search the Internet for information. You are one Trait down in

challenges involving modern techne

COMPULSION (1 TRAIT FLAW)

You have a psychological compulsion that causes you a number of different
problems. Your compulsion may be for cleanliness, perfection, bragging, stealing,

logy such as computers

gambling, exaggeration or just talking too much. You may temporarily avoid your
compulsion for one scene by spending a Willpower Trait.

DARK SECRET (1 TRAIT FLAW)

You have some sort of secret that, if uncovered, would embarrass you immensely
and make you pariah in your society. Perhaps you secretly wish to become an unholy
vampire, or maybe an innocent was killed during one of your hunts, and you are
wanted by the police. While it weighs on your mind at all times, it will only surface
occasionally in stories — lest it begin to lose impact

INTOLERANCE (1 TRAIT FLAW)

You have an unreasoning dislike of a certain thing, and at the Storyteller's
discretion you may have one less Trait in any challenge dealing with the object of your
intolerance. It may be an animal, a class of people, a color, a situation, or just about
anything at all. Some dislikes may be too trivial to be reflected here — a dislike of
pomegranates or tissue paper, for instance, will have little effect on play in most
chronicles. The Storyteller is the final arbiter on what you can pick to dislike.


ISOLATED UPBRINGING (1 TRAIT FLAW)

You were born and raised by a particularly peculiar set of parents, and you rarely
ventured into the outside world. Perhaps your father was an Inquisitor who hoped to
shield you from the sins of mankind and prepare you for your task as God's hammer, or
maybe you were raised in a Chapter House of the Arcanum, where you spent all of your
time among books. Whatever the reason, you are ill at ease in the mundane world, and
you often fail ro understand the customs of everyday life. Youare automatically one Ti

ait
down on all Social Challenges with people from outside of your corner of reality.

MGHTMARES (1) TRAIT FLAW)

them haunt you during your wakir res are so bad that

you have one less Trait on all your challenges for the next day (Narrator's discretion),

hours. Sometimes the night

Some of the nightmares may be so intense that you mistake them for reality

OVERCONFIDENT (1 TRAIT FLAW)

You have an exaggerated and unshakable opinion of your own worth, and you
never hesitate to trust your abilities — even in situations where you risk defeat
Because yourabilities may not be enough, such overconfidence can be very dangerous.
When you do fail, you quickly find someone or something else to blame. If you are
convincing enough, you can infect others with your overconfidence

PHOBIA, MILD (1 TRAIT FLAW)

An overpowering fear of something causes you to instinctively and illogically
avoid it. You must expend a Mental Trait if you wish to remain in the vicinity of the

object of your fear

SHY TRAIT FLAW)

You are distinctly ill at ease when dealing with people, and you try to avoid social
situations whenever possible. You have one less Trait on all challenges concerned
with social dealings. Youare also one additional Trait down onall challenges in which

youare the center of attention fora large group of people (over 10). These two effects

are cumulative for social dealings in which all attention is focused on you, such as
making a speech

SOFT-HEARTED (1 TRAIT FLAW)

You cannot stand to watch others suffer — not necessarily because you care about
what happens to them, but simply because you dislike the intensity of emotion. If you
are the direct cause of suffering and you witness it, you will experience days of nausea and
nights of sleepless grief. You avoid situations where you might have to witness suffering,

and you will do anything you can to protect others from it. Whenever you must witness
suffering, you are one Trait down on all challenges for the remainder of the scene.

SPEECH IMPEDIMENT (1 TRAIT FLAW)

You have a stammer or some other spe

h impediment that hampers verbal
communication. You should roleplay this impediment most of the time, though not
to the point of offensiveness or parody.


LOW SELF-IMAGE (2 TRAIT FLAW)

You lack self-confidence. You are two Traits down in situations where you don't

expect to succeed (at the Narrator's discretion, though the penalty might be limited
law might affect you). At the
Narrator's option, you may be required to expend a Willpower Trait in order to

attempt things that require strong belief in yourself.

VENGEANCE (2 TRAIT FLAW)

You have a score to settle. You are obsessed with wreaking vengeance on an

to one Trait if you help by pointing out when this

F

individual (or perhaps an

ntire group), and you make revenge your first priority in all
situations. The need for veng

ance can only be overcome by spending a Willpower
Trait, and even then it subsides only temporarily

ADDICTED TO VAMPIRIC VITAE (3 TRAIT FLAW)

You are addicted to the rush and power of vampire blood. You will do anything

to feed your craving; likely, this need is one of your primary reasons for hunting.
Addiction to vampire blood is unlike any other addiction; it is powerful and subtle
beyond belief, and only long therapy and support from your closest friends may ever

cure you of this desire

DRIVING GOAL(3 TRAIT FLAW)

You have a personal goal, which sometimes compels and directs you in startling

ways. The goal is always limitless in depth, and you can never truly achieve it. It could
be to eradicate all vampires, or to discover

ure for lycanthropy. Because you must work

toward your goal throughout the chronicle, your single-minded devotion will get you

into trouble and may jeopardize other goals. You may avoid your driving goal for one

scene by spending a Mental Trait, and for one session by spending a Willpower Trait
If you have the Merit: Higher Purpose, you cannot take this Flaw

HATRED (5 TRAIT FLAW)

You have

in unreasoning hatred of a certain thing. This hate is total and largely
uncontrollable. You may hate a species of animal, a class of person, a color, a situation
("ARRRGHHH! I HATE SAYING HAIL MARYS! anything. You constantly

pursue opportunities to harm the hated object or to gain power over it, so much so that

your reasoning is clouded. The Storyteller may impose a Trait penalty in dealings with
the object of your hatred, due to your disgust and divided attention, or he may direct
you to undertake certain courses of action.

PHOBIA, SEVERE (5 TRAIT FLAW)

An overpowering fear of something causes you to instinctively and illogically fle

from it, even tothe point of endangering yourself. You must expend Willpower Trait

if you wish to remain in the vicinity of the object of your fear.

OCIETY

These Merits and Flaws describe

aspects of your character's interaction with
normal human society and the hunter groups.


Las of the Hint ety tytn

ECCLESIASTICAL RANK (1-3 TRAIT MERIT)

Youarea vested priest ina recognized church hierarchy (such as the Roman Catholic
church), with all of the implied social benefits. Although this Merit does not grant any

special supernatural power or knowledge in and of itself, you may call on your church for
advice, and you are often granted some deference and leeway by people who respect your
vocation, The number of Traits in this Merit determine your relative standing. One Trait
would indicate a local priest, while three Traits might indicate that you are an influential

bishop. Although this Merit does not automatically imply influence within the church,

you can certainly ask for information or aid through normal job channels.

ARCANE HERITAGE (1 TRAIT MERIT)

Whether you hav

awitch in your family or a grandfather with startlingly faerie-
like eyes, your particular family line is considered gifted with a touch of the supernatural

by those who dabble in such things. Although this touch may draw negative attention

from groups such as the Inquisition, you gain a great deal of prestige from more studious

organizations such as the Arcanum. This heritage may be

strong part of your
motivation as a hunter, as you could decide to destroy paranormal creatures so as to

redeem yourself, or perhaps just study the supernatural to unlock your own potential.

LICENSE TO KILL (2 TRAIT MERIT)

You have been

ven special dispensation to "sanction" those whose interests run

counter to your government. Sometimes you are assigned to a pre-chosen target, but more
often youare given good deal of discretion in choosing your hits. Most governmentagencies
do not issue this authority (it is exceptionally rare in the FBI) and those that do are careful
to monitor for abuse (since assassination is technically illegal in the US). The:

wency willdo
whateverisnecessary tocover yourtracks,although there are penaltiesforajobdone sloppily.

Despite the name, thisis not an actual "license" to kill. Youcan, in theory, be held
accountable by the legal system, though this isa rare occurrence. Instead, your agency
simply affords you the leeway to use lethal force at your own discretion, and makes an

effort to conceal your activities and prot

ct you from repercussions.
Obviously, only active members of government agencies ever get this sort of
y- An Inquisitor may kill people in the line of duty, but he won'thave the backing

leew:
of shadowy government organizations.

REPUTATION (2 TRAIT MERIT)

You are well-regarded in your particular society, and are one Trait up on all
challenges with other members. You should decide what it is about you that the

respect: Did you kill a vampire single-handedly, or do you have a flawless record on
solving paranormal murder cases? An independent hunter may well have a reputation
among other hunters simply as a skilled loner.

RESEARCH GRANT(2 TRAIT MERIT)

You've secured a prestigious award that gives you funding and access to exclusive
information. You typically gain $1,000 per month, which you may use in any fashion
you desire, though you should nominally show some level of successful research.
Additionally, you have access to special libraries and research materials that would
otherwise be difficult to secure. Combined with the right kinds of Influence, this Merit

n make all the difference in researching Numinae or other arcane lore.


Chertclef { stéation

TOP-SECRET ACCESS (2 TRAIT MERIT)

Whether due to your research credentials or your government cle

ance, you
have a source of highly valuable information. Your contact is both reliable and
discreet, giving you access to secrets that most people don't know about. This
information is not always available or complete (make a Simple Test, in which a win

indicates complete information, a tie indicates partial information and a loss indicates
no information). Still, your source has ears in the Pentagon, the NSA or whatever
circles you move in, and you've established a means of safe contact. Obviously,

possession of this sort of information can be highly dangerous if you're not careful

DOUBLE-IDENTITY (3 TRAIT MERIT)

Through your espionage contacts, you've managed to assign a secondary identity for
yourself, one which seems perfectly legal and has all manner of documentation to back it
up. You've established this identity in secret, so you can easily use it asa last-ditch escape
if things ever get out of hand, This Merit is most appropriate to government agents,
just about anyone with the r

t contacts and precautions could forge an identity.

BLACKMAILED (10K 2 TRAIT FLAW)

Someone's got dirt on you, and he's not afraid to use it. Whether an individual
or an organization holds your dirty laundry, you're stuck with the results: Your

blackmailer demands your money, your cooperation or your organization's secrets. For

one Trait, you suffer froma rather embarrassing secret that might cost you your job and
your organizational position. For two Traits, you harbor a dangerous secret that could
very well be the death of you if the blackmailer gets it out. Obviously, your antagonist
is too smart to make it easy for you to kill him. You'll need to go through a good bit

of clever roleplaying to overcome this Flaw

REBEL(L~3 TRAIT FLAW)

ou're seen as a rebel, a maverick and a loose cannon within your society

Although you may well get results, you are scorned or hated for your methods.
or may not also have the Flaw

Youmay

lotoriety, but that Flaw is more a function of a bad
reputation due to events associated with you, unjustly or not. This Flaw indicates that
your practices and techniques are seen as questionable (at best) by your own hunter
group. The value of this Flaw increases the difficulty of all interactions with the
hierarchy of your organization, making it hard for you to get aid or backing

JPERNATURAL ENEMY (1-5 TRAIT FLAW)

Due to an incident in your past, you have an enemy who is a vampire, werewolf
or othersuch supernatural creature, It will nat be a constant threat, but will appes

bedevil you and your companions. The more powerful the enemy, or the more

frequent its appearance, the more powerful the Flaw. You must determine who your

foe is (although the Storyteller will create it) and how you became enemies.

DANGEROUS SECRET (2 TRAIT FLAW)

You are privy to some sort of highly secret information that puts your life in
jeopardy. Pethaps you've discovered that the archbishop in your area is actually an
Infernalist, but nobody will believe you and the archbishop could easily bring the weight
ofthe Inquisition down on you. Maybe you've found a secret government conspiracy to


work with vampires, but you can't tell anyone without risking arrest and execution,
Worse still, the source of your information isn't exactly reliable, and your knowledge
doesn't do youany real good. You may be ina position todosomethingabout what you've
learned, but it will certainly endanger you and your position if you take any action.

NOTORIETY (2 TRAIT FLAW)

Something you've done pegs youasa liability to other hunters, who tend to avoid
you. You have a bad reputation among your own society, and independent hunters
tend to be wary of you. Perhaps too many of your friends have been killed in the course
of your hunts, or maybe you just have so much zeal that you make people sick. Work
with your Storyteller to determine the nature of your notoriety.

SECRET FRIENDSHIP (2 TRAIT FLAW)

You maintain a secret relationship with a den

en of the World of Darkness, a
vampire, werewolf or other supernatural entity. Knowledge of this relationship would
not only destroy your reputation among hunters, it would place you on their hit list

/orse still, members of the particular supernatural community would likely consider
youa grave threat

and take steps to eliminate you if your friendship is discovered. You
must always cover up any activities that deal with this friendship and you are paranoid

that your secret is always on the verge of discovery.

HUNTED (3 TRAIT FLAW)

You have become the target of another hunter. Whether he seeks you because
he knows of your unusual Numina or has made a false assumption about your
association with the supern

ural, you must be careful wherever you go, lest you fall
victim to another like yourself

SUPERNATURAL

These Merits and Flaws concern the way you interact with supernatural aspects of
the game. Because they should be rare and unusual and can possibly change the flavor
of a chronicle, the Storyteller may restrict them, or only permit one per character.

FAERIE BLOOD (1-5 TRAIT MERIT)

You must take the Merit: Kinain before you take this Merit. You possess a strong

Foreach

amount of faerie blood, which affords you some of the powers of the changelings.
Trait that you place in this Merit, you may take one Merit or Flaw normally reserved for
changelings. Additionally, you have one Trait of Glamour, just like a changeling, and the
potential togain more;

hadditional permanent Trait of Glamour costs you three Traits

(Free or Experience), though youcan never have more permanent Traits of Glamour than
thenumberof Traits spenton this Merit. Although youmay use yourG

nour likea faerie,
you can only replenish Glamour by creating art or receiving a token from

changeling
ability tocast
alms cost four. You also add
the level of this Merit to the number of days that an enchantment lasts on you. With one

Still, you can learn the Basic Arts and Realms of faerie magic, giving you the
minor enchantments. Arts cost six Traits to learn, while Re

Trait in this Merit, youcan be enchanted foreight days ost of only one Glamour Trait
(seven days for being kinain, plus one day for one level of Faerie Blood).

Youcan find more information about Glamour, Artsand Realmsin The Shining Host.

MAGICAL ITEM (1-3 TRAIT MERIT)

You possess an item of some supernatural power, be it a relic, fetish, talisman
or treasure. Its powers are up to the Storyteller, and you may not even be fully aware
of them.

LOYALTY (1 TRAIT MERIT)

You are sworn and devoted to some group or cause. This Merit work:
True Love, but the object may be

SHIVERS (1 TRAIT MERIT)

Although you can'tactually see or hear ghosts, you get a creepy feeling whenever
wraiths are around. Whenever a wr:

imilarly to

organization or ideal.

th enters the room, you may automatically make
aStatic Mental Challenge with a difficulty of six (no Traits are risked). If you succeed,
you are aware of the presence of the ghost

TRUELOVE(1 TRAIT MERIT)

You have discovered, but may have lost (at |

st temporarily), a true love. This
love provides joy in a torrid existence. If this loved one is in mortal danger, you may
use a Humanity Trait asa bonus Trait. Similarly, you may use a Humanity Trait in the
place of a regular Trait during your initial bid if your true love is at risk. A Humanity
Trait used in this way is gone regardless of the ou
may be a hindrance, and require aid (or e

BURNING AURA (2 TRAIT MERIT)

Even if you do not have True

come of the challenge. Your true love
‘n rescue) from time to time.

aith, you have the brilliant aura of a person
of power. Those able to sense auras will give you a wide berth, as you seem to
display potent spiritu

| powers. Even people who cannot detect your aura find
something about you compelling. You may not take this Merit in conjunction
with the Merit: Pale Aura.

DANGER SENSE (2 TRAIT MERIT)

You have a sixth sense that warns you of danger. When you are in a perilous
situation where you could potentially be surprised, you have two extra seconds (for
total of four) in which to react.

MAGIC RESISTANCE (2 TRAIT MERIT)

You have an inherent resistance to Thaumaturgy, hedge magic, true magick,
Garou rit
tores

and other forms of magic. You are two Traits up in challenges relating
sting all such spells and rituals, whether you wish them to affect you or not. You
may never learn to use such magics

MEDIUM (2 TRAIT MERIT)

You possess the natural affinity to sense and hear wraiths. Though you cannotsee
them, you feel their presence and are able to speak with them when they are in the
vicinity, though they may choose not to listen to you. You may even be able to
summon them to your presence through pleading and cajoling. They will not simply

however.

aid you, or give you free advice — they will always want something in return.


Laws of the Hini
—a=aE=s
OCCULT LIBRARY (2 TRAIT MERIT)

You possess a collection of rare and occult books that includes tidbits of correct
knowledge concerning the supernatural. You are not necessarily familiar with the
contents of the volumes of knowledge (that isa function of having the Occult Ability),

but in time of need, your library can be an inv

PALEAURA(2 TRAIT MERIT)

By some quirk of supernatural chance, your aura is pale

luable source for research.

and indistinct like a
vampire's, lacking the vibrant colors of life. Individuals capable of reading your aura
automatically assume that youare a vampire (or that you're similarly strange, if they're
unfamiliar with the phenomenon of pale vampiric auras), unless they succeed in a
follow-up Static Mental Challenge with a difficulty of 10 Traits. You may not take this
Merit in conjunction with the Merit: Buming Aura.

SOOTHING VOICE (2 TRAIT MERIT)

Your voice iscalm and soothing, almost entrancing. Youare two Traits up on any
challenge that directly involves the use of your voice (he it for singing, preaching,
leadership, ete.)

GHOSTSIGHT (5 TRAIT MERIT)

You can see beyond the

arrier that separates the land of the dead from the world
of the living, but only with effort. By succeeding in a Static Mental Challenge with
a difficulty of seven Traits, you can see wraiths and ev

n (dimly) the lands of the
Underworld, for the remainder of the scene.

RINAIN(S TRAIT MERIT)

Though not achangeling, you have fae blood running through your veins, literally
Being kinain makes it

asier for you to walk in the Dream as if you were fae yourself.
While this product of your heritage may expose you to chimerical attack, it also opens
you toa new and wondrous world. Although you do not necessarily have access to the
powers of the fae, you are more in tune with their world, and they find it easier to affect
you. Conversely, you are more likely to remember your encounters with them.
Kinain, as slightly supernatural entities, have a maximum of nine Traits in all
abilities, instead of the usual human maximum of eight 7

its. You are related to one

of the types of faerie races, and you may even share some of their abilities. You do not
necessarily have the ability to use changeling Arts (unless you have the additional
Merit: Faerie Blood), but you are more easily accepted into Kithain society. You have
only five Banality Traits, giving you a much wider opportunity to explore faerie
society, as changelings are more li

ely toassociate with youand youare less susceptible
to the amnesiac effects of the Mists. Similarly, you are easily enchanted

any
changeling can enchant you by simply expending a Trait of Glamour (without the
need for a token), and you remain enchanted for a full week

If you are playing kinain in a predominantly changeling game, the Storyteller
may choose to waive the cost of this Merit, to encourage play of intermediaries
between human and changeling society.

More information about changelings and their capabilities can be found in The
Shining Host.

KINFOLK (5 TRAIT MERIT)

By some quirk of fate, you are kin to one the Changing Breeds. The Changing
Blood has not stirred in you, but it has left its mark. Though you may not understand
why, you are immune to the Delirium (the madness inspired by viewing a werewolf in

the full rage of his Crinos form). This doesn't mean that you know sensitive secrets,
or that you can wander around the shapechangers' holy sites without retribution, but

you have a certain edge among them that no normal mortal can match.

As partial supernaturals, Kinfolk have a Trait maximum of nine Traits in each
of the Physical, Social and Mental categories, instead of the normal mortal limit of
eight Traits. All Kinfolk are considered related to one of the tribes, and they are likely
srou of that tribe. Additionally, Kinfolk may learn
Basic homid or tribe Gifts that do not require Gnosis or Rage, at a cost of six Traits

to have close ties to at least one C

(whether Free or Experience Traits), or eight Traits for Gifts of a tribe other than the
one to which you are related,

Ina predominantly Garou game, the Storyteller may choose to waive the cost of
this Merit, encourag'

ng the interaction of mortal relatives with the Garou

More information about Garou Gifts and tribes exists in Laws of the Wild.

LUCK (5 TRAIT MERIT)

You we

» born lucky, and have always found that the odds are in your favor. You
gain three retests perstory that you may use on any failed tests. You cannot make more
than one retest on any single challenge

PSYCHIC (5/4 TRAIT MERIT)

You are automatically aware whenever magic or psychic power is used within 10
feet of you. The use of Garou Gifts, vampiric Disciplines or ¢

1 hedge magic causes
a distinct tingle to run up your spine if you have Sorcerous Awareness; with Psychic
Awareness, you notice various phenomena and certain supernatural powers that
mimic psychic abilities, like vampiric Auspex. Furthermore, you may make a Mental
Challenge (with a static difficulty of eight Traits) in order to discern what effect was
used and who used it (assuming that you have enough Lore Abilities to be able to tell
a vampire Discipline from, say, a changeling Art)

SYMBOL INDEPENDENCE (3 TRAIT MERIT)

The use of True Faith against a supernatural creature typically requires the use
of a holy symbol. However,

you are free from this restriction, and you may use your
Faith unfettered by any such psychological or religious crutch,

UNBONDABLE(3 TRAIT MERIT)

You are immune to being Blood Bound. No matter how much blood you drink
from vampires, you will never he Bound to them

DESTINY (4 TRAIT MERIT)

A great destiny lies ahead of you, though you may not yet realize it. Your destiny will

become moreand more apparent as the chronicle proceeds. The Storyteller w
destiny, though you may make suggestions. Bec

decide your
se this Merit tendsto transformacharacter
into a main protagonist, you must have your Storyteller's permission to choose it


EASY CONSORT (4 TRAIT MERIT)

Wraiths and other spirits find it easier to possess you than other mortals.
Although this Merit can be disadvantageous at times, it means that you are a natural
channel for beings from the other worlds. As such, they may choose to barter with you
for the favor of borrowing your body. All tests to possess you hav

two Trait bonus;
furthermore, you retain full awareness of all events while your body is ridden.

ECUMENIST (4 TRAIT MERIT)

Although you are steadfast in your own faith, you recogni

> the workings of the
Holy Spirit in other religions. Usually, when using True Faith, you must use a holy
symbol from your own religious tradition. With this Merit, you see the divine spark
ons beyond your own. You are able to make use of their religious

at the core of reli

icons and holy ground when confronting the supernatural.

GHOUL(5 TRAIT MERIT)

Atsome point, vampire fed yousome of her potent vitae, possibly bonding you into
service. Somehow you broke free, but the blood's force has granted you some of your
mistress' power. Your aging has stopped, and you have the Potence Discipline at the Basic
level of Might, giving you a free retest on any strength-related Physical Challenge. This
Merit does not come without cost, however. You must continue to feed on vampire blood

once per month, or you will reg

in your mortality and lose all the benefits of being a ghoul.

Ghouls, as supernatural entities, may have up to nine Traits in any category (unlike
most mortals, who are limited to eight). Additionally, a ghoul may learn the vampiric
Disciplines thatare natural to her vampire mentor. For players with Laws of the Night,
the ghoul begins with one Basic Discipline from her domitor's clan (in addition to the
automatic level of Potence), and the ghoul can learn the other Basic levels of her
domitor's clan Disciplines, at a cost of six Experience Traits each. Particularly powerful
domitors give their ghouls the ability to learn greater Disciplines; ghoul servants
sustained by a vampire of the seventh or sixth generation may learn Intermediate

Disciplines (at a cost of 12 Traits each), while ghouls of vampires of lower gene
may learn Advanced Disciplines (at the incredible cost of 18 Traits each).

ations

POWERFUL GHOULS

Some Storytellers may feel that limiting ghouls to Basic Disciplines is too

constraining for normal troupes. Afterall, since most troupes won't have many elder
Kindred around, giving an Intermediate Discipline toa ghoul ofa ninth-generation

vampire seems lik

a reasonable way to keep the dichotomy between elders and
neonates without adding in seventh or sixth generation vampire powerhouses.

If this idea appeals to you, you may wish to use the following alternate
dispersion for ghoulish Discipline limitations:

Domitor of eleventh or weaker generation: Basic Disciplines

Domitor of eighth to tenth generation: Intermediate Disciplines

Domitor of seventh or stronger generation: Advanced Disciplines

Ghouls should never have access to Master-level Disciplines — some
powers are reserved for the elders alone. Z

a ————r


If you are playing a mortal ghoul in a predominantly vampiric game, the
Storyteller may choose to waive the cost of this Merit. After all, any vampire can
simply tum you into a ghoul by feeding you one Trait of her blood

See Liber des Goules and Laws of the Night for more complete rules

GNOSIS (5-7 TRAIT MERIT)

You must take the Merit: Kinfolk in order to have this Merit. In addition to yourblood

ties to the Garou, you have a small measure of spiritual awareness as well. You are tied to
the powers of lifeand

ja much like your changing cousins. You have one to three Traits

of Gnosis, depending on the number of Traits spent on this Merit (one Gnosis for five
Traits, two Gnosis forsix Traits, and three Gnosis forseven Traits). Youcan use this Gnosis
to use werewolf Gifts and assist in Rites, just like a Garou. Having this Merit allows you
to learn a greater selection of Gifts (since you can use the ones that require Gnosis), and
accords you a great deal of respect among the shapechangers. Furthermore, ifa vampire
attempts to Embrace you, you may make one simple test for each Trait of Gnosis that you
possess. If you succeed in any of the tests, you die quickly and peacefully without becoming
a vampire. If you tie any of the tests without any wins, you die slowly and painfully, but still
donot becomea vampire. Only if you loseall of the testsdo you join the ranksof the undead

You may not raise your Gnosis with later Experience Traits; any Gnosis that you

possess during character creation is the limit of your spiritual capability, forever.

However, if you expend a permanent Gnosis Trait in the course of a Gift or ritual, you
may use Experience Traits to regain that Gnosis Trait later.

ce Laws of the Wild foran in-depth explanation of Gnosisand the Giftsthat it powers

R SIGHTED (5 TRAIT MERIT)

You are unusually sensitive to the use of supernatural powers of illusion, trickery and

CL

disguise, and can see through them to the heart of the matter. With a successful Mental
Challe m Presence, Mask of 1000 Faces, Blur of the Milky Eye,

Blissful [gworance, Chimerstry and the like. When engaging multipleopponentsat once, you

you can see through Uns

needonly tisk one Mental Trait toattempt toperceiveall ofthem; makeasingletestagainst

everyone simultaneously, resolving ties as normal, but if you lose any of the challenges you

only lose the one Mental Trait that you bid.

LIFEGIVER (5 TRAIT MERIT)

Youhaveaparticularly stronglife-force, such that youheal rapidly andevenextend your
healing abilities to others. Whenever you suffer non-aggravated damage, you heal it faster
than the normal time. Furthermore, if you are uninjured, then anyone under your care heals
ling, that is)

Asan aside, though, your blood is especially potent to vampires, and you have
the added bonus of healing quickly. You automatic

at thisadvanced rate as well (assuming that your subject is capable of natural he

ly have the Flaw: Potent Blood,
but you gain no additional Traits for it

SPEAKER WITH THE DEAD (5 TRAIT MERIT)

Your sight extends beyond the

Shroud of the spirit world and into the lands of

the dead. You see and hear the Underworld at all times; to you, life is an existence
stumbling through two simultaneous half-worlds, one of solid, bright matter, the other
of decaying grayish detritus. In addition, you can see and hear wraiths and other beings

within the lands of the dead. Obviously, you are a ta

t for those ghosts who wish to


contact the living world, and malevolent spectres may hound you and attempt to drive
you insane. However, your intimate knowledge of the deadlands affords you the
opportunity to gain Wraith Lore without a mentor, and you have a clear advantage
when using Sorcery or Psychic Phenomena that interact with the dead.

MYSTERIOUS GUARDIAN (6 TRAIT MERIT)

Someone or something watches over you, protecting you from harm and aiding
youon random occasions. The Storyteller will decide why (and by what) youare being
watched over, as well as what else having such a

FIST OF GOD (7 TRAIT MERIT)

Through natural devotion, intense training or some other my:

sardian entails.

ical means, you
have forged a supernatural ability to strike and injure paranormal creatures. Perhaps
you've developed an incredible martial arts technique, or maybe your handgun was
once blessed by an extremely devout priest. Whatever the reason, your "Witch-
Hammer" strike inflicts aggrav:

al creatures. However,
the Fist only functions with one particular weapon — your gun, yoursword, your body

ted damage against supernatt

whatever. Furthermore, this Merit only functions (though it cannot be lost) if you
have at least four permanent Humanity Traits.

TRUE FAITH (7 TRAIT MERIT)

You havea deep-seated faith in and love forsome higher divine power. You begin
the game with one Trait of True Faith. Your belief provides you with an inner strength
and comfort that continues to support you when all else fails. The effect of Faith varies
from person to person, and from religion to religion. More details can be found in the
Numinae section of Chapter Three

CURSED (1 10.5 TRAIT FLAW)

You have been cursed by someone or something with supernatural or magical
powers. This curse is specific and detailed, cannot be dispelled without extreme effort
and can even be life-threatening. Some examples include:

* If you pass on a secret, your betrayal will later harm you in some way. (1 Trait)
© You stutter uncontrollably when trying to say something important. (2 Traits)
* Tools break or malfunction when you attempt to use them. (3 Traits)
* You are doomed to make enemies of those whom you love. (4 Traits)
© Allofyouraccomplishments will inevitably become somehow tainted. (5 Traits)

OFFENSIVETO ANIMALS (1 TRAIT FLAW)

Forsome reason, animals cringe from your touch and are uneasy in your presence.
Perhaps it is because you have been tainted by your dealings with the infernal or
perhaps they just dislike your smell. For whatever reason, animals are jittery around
you. You are one Trait down on challenges involving animals.

MAGIC SUSCEPTIBILITY (2 TRAIT FLAW)

You are particularly susceptible to Thaumaturgy, hedge magic, true magick, Garou
rituals and other forms of magic. You are two Traits down in challenges relating to resisting
all such spellsand rituals, and they have twice the normal effect on you. You may never learn
touse such r

gics, however, as you could never prevent them from slipping out of control.

SPECTRE MEAT (3 TRAIT FLAW)

While most Spectres (wraiths that have fallen into the clutches of darkness
and insanity) cannot perceive the living lands, you stick out to their perceptions
Spectres can see you, and they're likely to do all sorts of nasty things to you, just
out of general maliciousness. See Oblivion for more details about Spectres.

Storytellers may disallow this Flaw if their games do not include much interaction
with wraiths and Spectres

WYRM-TALNTED (4 TRAIT FLAW)

For some reason, you have the stink of the Wyrm about you. This may be
because you willingly serve It, or it may just be hereditary and beyond your control
In any case, Garou can often sense this about you. Most of them will kill first and
ask questions later

(Note: The degree of Wyrm-taint represented by this Flaw is too severe for
a simple Rite of Cleansing to purge. As opposed to mere incidental corruption
resulting from being in the vicinity of Wyrm-tainted or Wyrm-serving entities,
this taint has se
it or not.)

DARK FATE(5 TRAIT FLAW)

A terrible doom lies ahead of you. This inevitable demise will become more

ped into every aspect of your charater's life whether he realizes

and more apparent as the chronicle proceeds, and you will often have nightmares
about it. Unless you buy off the Flaw before it is too late, your character will be
dead within the year, though you may attempt to accomplish something of good
first. The Storyteller will decide your fate, though you may make suggestions. You
must have your Storyteller's permission to choose this Flaw

FREE TRAITS

Mortal hunters, unlike their prey, do not automatically get any special

supernatural powers. However, they do receive one advants
Mortal characters' players receive five Free Tr:

e over the hunted.

ts (or seven, for independent
mortals) with which they may improve their characters' Traits or purchase Numinae.
These Free Traits can be expended in any way the Storyteller allows.

Numinae — the special powers of True Faith, Sorcery and Psychic Phenomena
are described in Chapter Three.
The chart lists the Free Trait costs for various improvements
—— — ———————————
FREE TRAIT COSTS

Attribute Trait 1
Ability Trait 1
Willpower Trait 3
Humanity Trait 2
Merit Merit Trait cost
Basic Numina (Sorcery or Psychic Phenomena) 3
Influence Trait 1

(es [El


STEP FIVE: SPARK OF LIFE

At this point, your character is nearly complete. Now is the time to flesh out final
attachments, history and the quirks of the character's personality

kground Story — Decide how your hunter lived and grew up before

becoming embroiled in the world of the supernatural. Your character was a normal

person once, with ambitions, desires and foibles. Think about the education that the

character had and the jobs that she may have held. After all, the hunter's upbringing
heavily influences her hunting style, beliefs and methods.

* Appearance — Use a few props and trappings (barring any weaponry, of
course) to show the style of your hunter. A novitiate Christian priest may have the
typical black shirt with white collar, while a more sensible and experienced hunter
could wear an all-conceali

trench coat over baggy, versatile clothing. Do you drape
yourself with crucifixes? Do you carry a notebook to record observations and reference
your findings? Your outward appearance projects your character's concept to other
players, so be sure to have the right image for the persona

© Equipment — The traditional hunter carriesa wooden stake anda silver cross,

but many hunters still have possessions from their former lives. Cellular phones, beat-
up old cars, pistols, money, body armor, hiking gear, an apartment... talk to your
Storyteller about the tools and possessions of your hunter, and settle on a few that are

likely. Your Storyteller can issue cards to represent the things you have on hand.

sonal details of
t uniqueness to the fore. A small quirk might be a
tendency to say "Amen" to every comment by fellow hunters, rubbing a lucky coin

* Quirks — Each person is unique, and the strange little pe
your hunter help to bring th

or never looking into the eyes of a person with whom you're speaking. Write down
1 few lines of notes regarding the personal foibles of your character,
quirks into play.

SAMPLE CHARACTER CREATION

Michael would like to play a hunter and discover the supernatural world from a

and work these

mortal perspective. First, he thinks about a concept for the character, and decides that
he would like to play a polic

officer who has stumbled onto vampires over the course
of a normal investigation. He chooses the name Adam Walkerton, and decides that
a seemingly ordinary missing person case took a strange turn when Officer Walkerton
caught the attention of the vampire responsible for the disappearance. She caught him
and toyed with him, but was careless in removing his memories of the incident. When

the case was dismissed by his superiors and Walkerton was reassigned, he realized that
the vampire must have some sort of sway over the police department. He is determined
to figure it out and see her exposed.

INSPIRATION

Michael decides that the Nature of Architect and the Demeanor of Judge would
suit Walkerton best. He has an idealist view of what he wants the police force to be

like, but comes across asa fairly typical law enforcement officer. His Motivation is one

of Duty, to the police force and to society in general. Obviously, he is associated with
a governmental agency, the local police department

ATTRIBUTES

Michael ranks Physical, Mental and Social Traits in that order, feeling that
Adam is a sharp cop who can end up being a bit gruff with people.

Michael chooses the Physical Traits of Athletic, Athletic, Stalwart and Brutal,
because these seem to him to encompass the physical nature of being a cop. He adds
Resilient and Tenacious, figuring that Walkerton doesn't let much stop him from
reaching his goals

Next, Michael chooses Mental Traits. Walkerton is trained to notice details, so
Michael gives him Observant and Vigilant, as well as Dedicated, which reflect his
approach to crime-solving and his loyalty to the police force. He rounds it off with

Cunning because Adam has a few plans of his own:

Lastly, Michael picks three Social Traits for Walkerton. He has the bearing and
attitude of a cop, so Intimidating and Commanding seem appropriate. He adds Genial,
since Walkerton isa gi

ABILITI

For Abilities, Adam automatically starts with Firearms and Investigation at no

od guy at heart

cost, since he is a government agent. Michael decides that Walkerton's training also

includes Brawl and Law. He's had to fill out a lot of reports (and work around a lot of
red tape), so Bureaucracy seems natural.

ADVANTAG

As a mortal, Walkerton begins with one Willpower Trait and four Humanity
Traits. For Humanity, Michael picks Honorable, Loyal, Loyal and Naive, to reflect his

approach to being a police officer, and his intentions to single-handedly root out
corruption in the police department

FINISHING TOUCHE
Michael now has five Free Traits ro spend on Walkerton. He thinks that
Walkerton's life has been completely normal up to the point where he ran into

vampires, and he decides

inst having a Numina power. He spends two Traits on
the Social Traits of Charismatic and Elegant, since Walkerton's a pretty well-

uy who looks good in uniform. He puts one Free Trait toward Police

rounde
Influence, since Walkerton's got a buddy or two who can do him favors from time
to time. Lastly, Michael tacks on a level of Legal Influence (because Adam knows
a couple of attorneys from the DA's office) and the Ability Trait Drive (from all of
that offensive driving in a squad car),

Be ¢ he thinks it fits Walkerton's character, Michael chooses the Negative
Mental Trait of Predictable. Walkerton's behaviorand motivationsare easy toanticipate,
once you know him. Walkerton also has an "only a cop can understand another cop"
attitude that makes him somewhat Condescending towards ordinary civilians, so Michael
chooses the appropriate Negative Social Trait. Michael also gives Walkerton the Flaw
Overconfident, since he's got a pretty high opinion of himself. He also takes the Flaw:
Supematural Enemy, at only one Trait, to reflect the original vampire who didn't finish

cove

ing her tracks. These Flaws give Michael four more Free Traits, which he puts
towards the Merit: Iron Will, since Walkerton is devoted to being a police officer, and
has already shown resistance to vampiric mind control.


CHARACTER DETAILS

To bring Walkerton fully to life, Michael decides that Adam has a girlfriend,
from whom he keeps the existence of vampires a secret, fearing for her safety.

alkerton isa devoted police officer, and puts ina lot of overtime, which doesn't leave
him a lot of time for hobbies. He spends what little spare time he has in the library
learning about vampires, but right now Walkerton operates strictly on popular movie
vampire lore, which could lead him into trouble. Michael envisions Walkerton as a
gruff but well-meaning individual, who isn't ready to admit his belief in vampires to
anyone just yet

EXPERIENCE

We learn by doing. Hunters who survive on the road of their dangerous craft must
develop their skills and innate powers to their fullest potential or risk death and
enslavement. Learning from mistakes is just as important (if not more so) as studying
one's successes. As such, all characters learn and grow through the process of
experience.

By participating in games, you gain Experience Traits for your character, which
may then be expended to improve his capabilities. In general, you gain one Experience
Trait for each game session in which you take part; the Storyteller may award
additional Traits for exceptional roleplaying,

f your hunter does something particu-
larly courageous or if he learns something significant. However, a character should
never gain more than three or four Experience Traits from any one session of play.
a
USING EXPERIENCE

Once a character earns Experience Traits, these Traits may be spent to
purchase new Traits or to improve existing ones. Different Attributes, Abilities
and Numinae have different Experience Trait costs for improvement, as s
in the following table:

* New Attribute Trait — One Experience Trait

© New Ability Trait — One Experience Trait.

* New Humanity Trait — Two Experience Traits.

e Traits.

New Influence Trait — Three Experience Traits, except for government

agent

* New Willpower Trait — Three Experien

who need spend only one per Influence Trait.

¢ New Numina — Three erience Traits for Basic Numinae, six for
Intermediate Numinae and nine for Advanced Numinae. True Faith may not

be improved with Experience Traits, except by Inquisitors.
¢ New Sorcery Ritual — Two Experience Traits for a Basic ritual, four for
an Intermediate ritual and six for an Advanced ritual. (A sorcerer auton

ically
gains one ritual of the appropriate type at no cost for each level of Sorcery learned.)

# Remove Negative Trait — Two Experience Traits per trait to be removed.
© Purchase Merit —Twice the Merit's Trait cost, with Storytellerapproval.
* Remove Flaw — Twice the Flaw's Trait value, with Storyteller approval.

Character Création

TRAIT LIMITS

Hunters are only human, and humans have their limits. Although hunters
improve with experience, there are maximum limits to which any hunter may aspire
Asa result, the following table shows the maximum number of Traits a hunter may
possess in any given category. For instance, a normal mortal hunter may not possess
more than eight Traits in any given Attribute category; thus, you cannot buy
additional Physical Traits when you have eight Physical T:
be able to improve your Mental Traits

its, though you might still

Some hunters manage toe:

pand their limits beyond normal human capabilities,
if only slightly. Any partially Awakened hunter has a higher maximum for Attribute

Traits, as indicated. Partially Awakened hunters include ghouls, kinain, Kinfolk and

any hunter with an Intermediate level of any Numina
———S—s__—a
MORTALTRAIT LIMITS

Trait Category Maximum Traits
Attribute Traits 8 (9 for partially Awakened mortals)
Willpower Traits 3
Humanity Traits 8

Faith Traits

Influence Traits Total of Physical, Social, and Mental Traits

ee



CHAPTER THREE:
NUMINAE
AND. POWERS

While the denizens of the supernatural world possess their own special magical
abilities, most mortals lack any sort of supernatural talent. However, a rare few mortals

develop their own unusual abilities, called "Numinae". Numinae are the secret

weapons of many hunters and the bane of a hunted creature's existence. With
tenuous connection to the supernatural, a hunter may call on his own distinctly

human powers to gain an edge in battling the paranormal

There are three types of Numinae: True Faith, Psychic Phenomena and Sorcery

Numi

creatures. Psychic powers, for instance, stem from the intrinsic connection of

ae are rare among mortals, and they are even moreso among othersupernatural

humanity with life, and as such, they do not occur in paranormal creatures. arly,
the special powers of the other supernatural races stem from their specific natures, so

the special gifts of mortal Numinae are generally barred to them. Of course, supernatu-

ral creaturescan develop theirown similar powers; vampires with Auspex, for instance,
can emulate many of the abilities of a telepathic human. However, Numinae in
general are powered by the fundamental nature of the human wielder, and are
exceedingly rare outside of mortal society
Developing Numinae is a difficult and frustrating task. Few people have the will
ind the innate talent toadvance their unique abilities. Only constant practice and the
pursuit of rare edification can promote the development of Numinae. Indeed, the
building blocks of Numinae are the very lifestyles of the practitioners; one cannot

exhibit Faith without servingasa livingexample of spiritual devotion, norean magical

or psychic powers improve without a dedicated search for their underlying hidden

processes,


People with Numinae usually have only one talent, and they focus their efforts
on it rather than diversifying. Storytellers may even rule that those with one sort of

Numina cannot learn another sort. They may say that having True

‘ith precludes
knowledge of Psychic Phenomena and Sorcery, for example. Certainly, the practice

and dedication required to master even one sort of Numina all but rules out the rise

of other equally study-intensive capabilities

TRUE FAITH

True Faith is belief in a power, entity, consciousness — or sometimes even a
purpose — that is greater than one's self. True F

‘aith is not limited to any particular
religion; anyone of any belief can have it. This sort of deep-seated faith is extremely
rare, and it is not necessarily limited to mortals, though it is even more infrequent
among vampires and other supernatural entities. Only people of unquestionable
character — the truly compassionate, caring, selfless and courageous — even have
chance of exhibiting True Faith.

True F:
Faith Trait. Faith isa powerful tool fora hunter, since it has many practical uses against
the supernatural.

ith must be purchased as a Merit, which gives a starting character one

True Faith gives the wielder the power to accomplish miracles. It is based on a
strong belief in a specific deity or religion on whom the character may call to
strengthen his will, It is not the character who is turning evil away, it is his force of
belief. Thus, the miraculous powers of Faith best serve the ideals of the individual's

a

WEREWOLVES: TRUE FAITH IN GAIA

Itis possible for a character, most likely a Garou Kinfolk, to possess True

Faith in Gaia. Such Faith functions as described normally; the powers of Faith
do not always depend on the forms of F

ith. However, a character blessed with

this type of Faith does have a couple of additional advantages.

First, the character may use the Pacify power of True Faith with only one

Trait of Faith, but only on Garou, Gaia brings peace between her peoples.

Secondly, the character may expend Faith Traits to restore Gnosis Traits
to any character with Gnosis. If the character is not restoring her own Gnosis,
she must make a Static Challenge pitting her Faith versus the target's Will-
power. Success expends a Trait of Faith and restores a Trait of Gnosis; failure
expends the Faith Trait without any effect

So why doesn't every Garou have True Faith in Gaia? To some degree, they do.
Gaia is the source of Garou Gnosis and spirit

lity. However, a character with True

Faith has gone above and beyond the normal connection to Gaia. Such a character

lives the very precepts of life and compassion espoused by Gaia — not an easy thing
foracreatureof Rage. Garou with thissortof True Faith are fewand farbetween, simply
because the natur

of their quest — which calls for killing and destruction — simply
does not mesh with the holistic peace of Gaia, no matter how well-intentioned it is.

A Storyteller may choose to bar any Garou from True Faith in Gaia if the Garou

possesses more than two or three Rage Traits, ruling that the werewolf is simply too
bestial and warlike to completely embrace Gaia's peace and bounty.

beliefs, instead of personal motivations. Where belief intersects with need, the
possessor of True Faith exhibits the full power of religious con'

tion.

People who possess True Faith do not have to be saccharine in demeanor; they
must only practice their ethics. Most involve kindness, fairness, helpfulness and a
strong sense of right and wrong. In general, True Faith promotes a strong sense of
community and selflessness. Still, it is not unheard of for bearers of Faith to also

evidence prejudice or even ruthless devotion to their cause.

Most games will see little or no use of Faith. An avera
one Trait in Faith;
three. A Faith of five

ze mortal is lucky to possess
bly-above-average mortal is extraordinary to possess

he consider

aith is obvious in her
mannerisms and bearing with even a few minutes of casual conversation, as it is the

Traits indicates a true saint. An individ

wellspring of the her lifestyle. Very few possess the conviction to think and act according
to the precepts of Faith at all times, so living examples of True Faith are rare indeed.

STRENGTHENING FAITH

Advancement in on

's True Faith rating must be earned before it can be
purchased, and Faith's effects (other than those stated below) are largely the
Storyteller's option. Only constant dedication to, and sacrifice for, one's beliefs merits
advancement in Faith. Similarly, as Faith is so strongly tied to these beliefs, the powers
of Faith often follow the patterns of the believer — the miracles of a Christian may
well be different from those of a Buddhist or Taoist. Ultimately, Faith is its own end.
One does not pursue Faith to gain the power of miracles, but rather gathers these
powers as a by-product of wholehearted devotion to the tenets of Faith

po eee
IMPROVING TRUE FAITH: BY THE NUMBERS

Some Storytellers may find the task of constantly monitoring the

thful
to be onerous or burdensome; certainly, in a game of dozens of people,
including multiple hunters with True Faith, deciding when each of them

improves in Faith can be a trying exercise

In such circumstances, the Storyteller is advised to simply keep a running

tally of "Faith Improvement." In each session in which 2

given character upholds

the tenetsofhis Faith, award one

th Improvement Trait. Once theaccumulated
Faith Improvement Traits equal 10 times the character's total number of regular
Faith Traits, remove all of the Improvement Traits and grant an additional Faith
Trait. Conversely, if the character undertakes activities that run counter to her
‘ith, remove all of the Faith Improvement Traits immediatel

Using this system, it'sa fairly simple matter to track the Faith of characters,
and to allow them to slowly improve their True Faith. Similarly, the Storyteller
can vary the multiple in order to make it easier or more difficult to improve Faith,
though 10 times the character's Faith rating is recommended for most lon;
running games. (Just make sure that all characters use the same multiplier, in the
interests of fairness). Addition:

ly, using this system means that characters of
great Faith take longer to improve and have less room for error (since one misstep

sets them back at the beginning of the long road of improvement). Of course,

Inquisitors will find it easier to use Experience Traits to improve their Faith —

which is just fine for these scions of the Church.


REGAINING FAITH

Lost or spent Faith Traits are difficult to regain, because they are so meaningful. The
character must undergo a spiritual religious experience, such as participation ina mass ora
confession. The character needs to reaffirm the strength of his spiritual commitment. Simply
going through the motions of ritual isn't enough; the character must plumb profound
personal insi;

hts in order to strengthen his Faith once again. This introspection is a good

opportunity forroleplayingasthe playerexploresthe depth ofthe character's Faith. Similarly,
the Storyteller can rule that a deeply moving experience — participating in a cathartic
confession and affirmation session with colleagues, witnessing to new converts, meditating

and praying intensely at a retreat — may bestow the strength of Faith once more.

CRISIS OF FAITH

Anytime a character loses a challenge in which she uses True Faith, she is left
with a question of Faith. She is down one Trait on all Social Challenges for the
remainder of the session, and she may not invoke her Faith until the Storyteller rules

that she has resolved the crisis. At the very le:

st, the character should spend half an
hour engaged in prayer ina place of solitude away from the concerns of the mundane
world (that is, out of play). Si

milarly, experiences that reaffirm Faith (as noted
previously) may serve to renew the character's convictions.

HOLY SYMBOLS

A holy symbol is an object used to represent the influence of the deity invoked
by those with True Faith. Most wielders of True Faith channel that Faith through their
holy symbols, by raising them up to ward offevil, or holding them in prayer. Crucifixes
are most commonly associated with True Faith, but the faithful of other religions may
use prayer wheels, mandalas, statuettes or other iconic trappings. The faith symbolized
by an object empowers the holder.

When wielded by someone with True Faith, a holy symbol of the appropriate
religion grants additional Traits and some defensive capabilities. The wielder must
call out "In the name of ___" (or a similarly appropriate paean of faith) when
channeling his Faith through a symbol. The bearer of the holy symbol gains the
additional Social Trait Intimidating when using a holy symbol to repel the undead or
ward against other supernatural effects. The holy symbol also gains the Physical Traits
Burning and Searing, and inflicts a level of aggravated damage if used to physically

strikea supernatural creature. Furthermore, when blessed by a priest of the appropriate
faith (who must expend a Humanity Trait to empower the blessing), the holy symbol
gains the additional Physical Trait of Blinding, Branding, Cleansing, Purgingor Purifying.

RELICS

Relics are pieces of saints' bodies or belongings that have somehow been preserved
and imbued with holy energy over the centuries. True relics, as opposed to frauds passed
off by con-men, are rare, though even fake relic can gain power if enough people believe
in its sanctity. Indeed,

though there are enough "splinters of the True Cross" to make

up a small forest, one clergyman noted that this abundance is yet another miracle!
Relicscan beas large asan altar or as small asa splinter of bone; however, physical

ze is no measure of the relic's true power. Any container that houses a relic is known

asa reliquary. Reliquaries are designed to protect their contents, though they often
have decorative forms as well as functional designs. Most relics are too fragile to be

moved and therefore are rendered useless to most hunters. Relics may, however,
possess as many holy Traits as the $

oryteller wishes to suit the story. A sliver from the
True Cross would probably wield a maximum of five Traits, while Saint Aloysius
Gonzaga's alms bow might only possess one or two. A supernatural entity touched by

arelic may suffer one level of aggravated damage for each holy Trait possessed by the
relic in question, although the Storyteller may rule cases where a particular relic does
not affect certain individuals. Due to the amount of damage that a relic can inflict, it
is recommended that no relic in play possess more than three Traits. A relic's holy
Traits are never lost, unless the relic itself is somehow defiled or damaged.

At the Storyteller's discretion,

tain relics might possess miraculous powers in
addition to their natural holiness. These relics should hav

special card indicating

the abilities available to a user with the appropriate True F
rare abilit

ith. In general, using such
es calls on the Faith of the wielder, but grants special benefits beyond the

reach of "normal" miracles. Truly potent relics possess powers that always function.
Asip from the Holy Grail might cure all ills for anyone, while St. Vitus' heel could
grant the additional Physical Traits Nimble and Graceful to someone who expends a
Trait of Faith (since St. Vitus was the patron of epileptics and of dance).

HOLY GROUND

Holy Ground isa place of sanctity where the faithful congregate and perform the

rituals of their religion. A Storyteller may establish certain areas within the chronicle's

setting as Holy Ground. These locations carry their own Faith, and they bolster the
Faith of others through the long dedication of the devoted. Ultimately, the Faith itself
is more important than its outward forms; mysterious, secluded locations where many
faithful gather often will possess a more powerful Faith than impressive, exorbitant
locales that cater to marginally devoted laypersons.

Being present on Holy Ground will allow a character who already has True Faith
to boost her own Faith by the site's Faith rating. A cathedral attended by hypocrites
may have no Faith atall, while a hill by a deep pond where a dedicated congregation
has met twicea week for the last 30 years may havea Faith of two or three. Sites of great
devotion like the Vatican could possess five or even six Faith Traits. When a person
with True Faith stands on such Holy Ground, she adds the site's Faith Traits to herown
total, allowing for greater miracles

Holy Ground is not something that should be common or created as an
emergency escape. It should be established at the beginning of the game for those who
would know of its existence and left anonymous for those who would not. As Holy
Ground rarely surfaces in public, visible locations, it may take some effort to discover
asite of true reverence. However, Holy Ground is not limited to Christian sites; such
places might also include sacred groves, synagogues, mosques or sites of pilgrimages
(such as Canterbury or Jerusalem)

Whenasiteisactivated by a possessor of True Faith, no vampire may travel across
the site (unless invited in) without spending Mental Traits equal to the site's Faith
rating, or a single Willpower Trait. Even then, the location's Faith Traits add to the
total for the faithful when warding off any sort ofsupernatural creature. Ifa userof True
Faith successfully wards against a paranormal entity while on Holy Ground of the
appropriate religion, the creature must immediately lea

ve the site — only the
expenditure of a Willpower Trait allows the character to remain, traveling up to 50
feet or staying for 10 minutes (whichever comes first).


USES OF FAITH

ONE TRAIT OF FAITH
Regaining Willpower
For every hour of meditation and prayer that you sit alone communicating with
no one, you either gain one additional temporary Willpower Trait which lasts 12
hours, or you regain one Willpower Trait previously lost.

A mortal possessing three Traits of Faith would be required to spend three hours
in meditation, prayer or reflection in order to re-acquire three Willpower Traits
Trait of Faith would only be able to concentrate
forone hour because of the limit to his practice and his dedication, so he could acquire

or restore only one Willpower Trait in any given 24 hour period,

Conversely, a mortal possessing one

In the case of a long game (one lasting over consecutive nights or a regular chronicle
ame), these meditation hours may take place during the day or when the game is not in
session, as long as the 24-hour time limit is observed. In a short four- to six-hour game, the
Storyteller may feel free

to shorten the meditation periods required, as long as she keeps in
mind that Willpower Traitsare not easily regained andshould not betossedaround carelessly
Repel Vampire

By brandishing a holy symbol, sp
ina Social Challeng

aking the phrase "In thenameof_"and engaging

drive off vampires. If you w

your

n the challenge, the vampire
must flee the scene. Even if you lose, the vampire must back offa few feetiand cower before

taking action, The vampire may not initiate any actions — whether using
activating Disciplines —for the entire tum after the use of Faith (although she may defend
normally), A vampire may only resist this use of Faith by attempting to overbid with
Willpower; if the vampire possesses twice as many Willpower Traits as you, then she

raits oF

remains unaffected. Of course, all v: this must declare

mpires attempting to overbid lik

their Willpower Traits first, before you, and those who fail automatically lose the

¢ Traits risked.

challenge, fleeing the scene and losing the Willpow

You may engage in as many simultaneous Social Challenges as you have Faith
Traits, if there is more than one creature to be repelled. In this case, you make one

challenge against all of the targeted characters; the outcome is determined as described

previously, For example, if'a hunter with two Faith Traits engages two vampires and
attempts to repel them, she makes a single test against both vampires. If the hunter
throws Scissors while one vampire throws Rock and the other Paper, then the first
vampire would recoil, stunned, while the second vampire would flee the scene

Infernalistsand servants of demonic evil suffer even worse from True Faith. Such agents
of dark powers automatically flee, regardless of the results of the Social Challenge. Of course,
there is no way to distinguish such results from the normal flight of other creatures.
Creatures who are able to remain in the presence of the mortal may use
Disciplines, Gifts or ranged weapons against her if they desire. Of course, they risk
further uses of Faith from the dangerous hunter.
Substitute for Willpower

Willpower and Faith are complimentary energies in a character's personality. Will-

a belief in your own capabilities while
yourself. A Faith Trait m:

power is

‘ith is reliance on a power greater than
substitute fora Willpower Trait in any circumstance for which

Willpower iscalled. Ofcourse, the reverse doesnot hold — Willpower is insufficient to power

Faith.

uurthermore, this substitution is only possible when you are out of Willpower Traits

‘i
[

Cuammae iad Pere

TWOTRAITS OF FAITH

Holy Resistance

With sufficient Faith, you are defended by Heaven against the powers of the
supernatural. By expending one Trait of Faith, you are rendered immune to the mind-
influencing powers of various creatures. The vampiric Discipline of Dominate simply
does not affect you, nor would the wraith Arcanos of Puppetry. However, you can still
be affected by powers that influence emotions; you have no special resistance to
Presence. You only resist powers that directly attempt to control you in this fashion.
This resistance lasts for the duration of the scene, and it is only effective against the
power that it is specifically used to defend against — you cannot simply expend a Faith

Trait and declare immunity to Dominate; you must spend the Trait aftera vampire uses
the Dominate Discipline on you, at which point you are rendered immune to that
particular vampire's use of Dominate for the rest of the scene.

Faith Healing

Byspendinga Trait of Faith, you may heal one Health Level of damage toa person
in a Simple Test i
lure indicates that the target is not healed and the Faith

that you find worthy of saving. You must engage order to

successfully heal the target; f

Trait is expended, while success or a tie heals the subject.
THREETRAITS OF FAITH
Pacify

By spending a Trait of

‘aith and entering into a Social Challenge, you may quell

the Beast within a supernatural creature. Doingso will bringa vampire or werewolf out

of a Frenzy, or calm a creature who is agitated. Ifa character with True Faith uses this

power ona werewolf who is not in Frenzy, then the werewolf cannot spend any R

Traits for the remainder of the scene

FOUR TRAITS OF FAITH

Holy Invulnerability

Your power of Faith is so strong that you are completely immune to the mental
influences of any of the supernatural, as long as you call on the divine for protection. By
expending a Faith Trait, you are rendered completely immune to any use of a mind or
emotion influencing power for the remainder of the scene. Thus, if a vampire uses the
Presence Discipline on you, you need only spend a Faith Trait to be rendered immune

to all of that vampire's uses of Presence for the rest of the scene. This invulnerability is
fully effective against powers that manipulate emotions, in addition to direct mind-

controlling powers; thus, you have a defense against the wraith Arcanos of Keening in

addition to Puppetry, and you can defend against vampiric Presence as well as Dominate.

FIVETRAITS OF FAITH
Blessing

You may leave lasting and potent blessings on objects or people. The most
common use of this aspect of True Faith is in the creation of holy symbols or weapons.

Tocreateablessed item, youmustspenda Faith Trait and spend halfan hour in prayer
with the item. You may bestow one of the following Bonus Traits to the item: Burning,
Searing, Blinding, Branding, Purging, Cleansing and Puifying, To injure a target in combat,
the wielder of the holy item may bid its Trait in the Physical Challenge. If he succe

1s, he

105"


deals one Health Level ofaggravated damage to the supernatural creature just by touching
the item to it. fhe fails, the item loses its blessing. Bidding a normal Physical Trait means
that the weapon is being used as a normal w

pon, and causes normal damage.

Using a blessed holy symbol in repelling creatures adds the Trait of Intimidating to
the wielder's Social Challenge, so that all who try to resist fleeing must bid two Traits.

Blessing another person is a very ceremonial event, and the blessing gives that
person one retest that may be used up in any single challenge.

Only one blessing can be conferred per session, and it should not be done
casually. An item or person can only have one blessing on it at a time.

est tool in the hands of the Faithful is the power of miracles.
Performinga miracle requires the permanent expenditure of a F: aith Trait anda Static
Social Challenge of difficulty determined by a Storyteller or
must be present for this application of True Faith.

rrator. A Narrator

Nearly anything within the framework of your religion can be accomplished;
curing AIDS ina person, creating Holy Ground, changingsomeone's Nature, resisting
a supernatu

al power, bringing a vampire to Golconda, causing a wraith to achieve

Transcendence

ignoring a source of damage or cleansing someone of Wyrm-taint are
All possibilities, depending on the nature of your Faith
Such miracles are not performed lightly, and they can be profound experiences

to those who witness them.

PSYCHIC PHENOMENA

Psychic abilities typically develop instinctively during childhood and must
somehow survive the turmoil of adolescence. Most folks who wish to develop their
xth sense" in any way have to do so consciously, through constant practice and
insight. In the World of Darkness, few possess these exceptional abilities. Ifa character

isso lucky, she probably possesses only one psychic power. Inexplicable and unique to
mortals, psychic powers are a subconscious ability to effect the surrounding world
simply through thought.

Psychic abilities are separated into different Phenomena. Though it is possible
to develop multiple areas of psychic aptitude with exceptional study and practice,
most individuals are incapable of more than the most rudimentary psychic abilities —
and improvement in one area of development comes at the expense of others, so a
multi-disciplinary psychic rarely achieves levels of significant ability in any area

Developing psychic abilities is exhausting and frustrating. Trial and error forces
those who practice such skills to question their faith in themselves and in the
paranormal. Younger individuals

actually have an easier time developing their
psychic abilities; children and adolescents are more likely to externalize their

lures,
keeping the necessary self-confidence and will ro continue improving their powers.
Failure and disappointment are injurious to the delicate growth of psychic power,

since a psychic must have consummate self-asst

nce to use her abilities.
Psychic powers must be selected during character creation. Furthermore, improve
ment in psychic abilities comes only with the Storyteller's approval, since the character

must have a great deal of practical experience, practice and confidence to develop.

~~ , )
Nowfthe it oe

Purchasing completely new areas of power should come only as part of a story, and an
instructor or key awakening event should be required. Even then, new powers should not
suddenly spring into existence in the middle of play;a character may finda tutoror undergo

anexperience thatunlocksherlatent potential, butactually developingthat potential into

a useful form takes time and practice. Expanding one's mind is neither quick nor easy

Psychic Phenomena

ire Not instant-access powers. Concentration is required for

the duration of the effect, and some sort of focus may be needed as well. It's possible
toactivate multiple powers, or to perform other tasks while concentrating, but each
psychic power active

causes the user to suffer a two-Trait penalty on all other
challenges. Furthermore, significant distractions — injury, emotional turbulence,
confusion — may cause a power to fail utterly. In such cases, make a new concentra-
tion challenges ifre-activating the power, with the additional two Trait concentration
penalty. This test simply checks the psychic's level of focus on the power, and as such,
does not require any expenditure of Traits. Thus, if you are attempting to telekinetically
lift a stack of crates when you are suddenly body-slammed, the Narrator may c

I for
a new test, without risking Traits, to see if you maintain the proper concentration.
Psychic Phenomena typically require a Static Mental Challenge against adifficulty
of seven Traits or require a challenge against the target's Mental Traits, depending on
the Effect. Additionally, activating (but not maintaining) a psychic power requires the
expenditure of a Humanity Trait, as the psychic delves into the wellsprings of her ties
to life and the universe. Of course, some of the power descriptions specify different
challenges or costs; in such cases, use the difficulties and tests described therein.

CLAIRVOYANCE

A character with Clairvoyance may see, hear or otherwise perceive information from
situations in which she is not present. Extending perception in this way is taxing and
difficule; using Clairvoyance powers gene

ally requires some preparation and a great deal of
concentration. No matter how advanced the clairvoyant is, she is mere

yan observer and
may not affect the events she witnesses in any way short of calling on some other power
(like Telekinesis). A clairvoyane's visions usually last only for a short time, and the
clairvoyant may enda vision at will — the characteris not "trapped in a vision" forthe full

duration of the power. However, doing so automatically terminates the use of the power,

and the character must retest and re-activate the power normally to continue the vision.

Clairvoyance is a tricky Numina in a Mind's Eye Theatre setting because it involves
usinga character's senses at range. Mechanically, it is easiest if the ch

acter in question goes
totheactual site of whatevershe wish to perceive. Claivoyance is magically undetectableand
also immune todetection by the vampiric Discipline Auspex. However, while theclairvoyant
isextending her senses, she is unable to sense her actual physical surroundings normally. All

senses extended by the clairvoyantare unusable by her physical body; thus,aclairvoyant who

extends her sight and hearing to a remote location cannot see or hear anything around her
actual physical location, though she could still feel. Clairvoyants who have sufficient skill to
extend multiple senses may choose which senses they wish to use;a powerful clairvoyantmay

choose only to extend the sense of touch, for instance.

Clairvoyance only extends the normal senses of the character; it does not

necessarily enhance those senses in any fashion. A character cannot read a letter
inside of an envelope, because the inside of the envelope is dark. Conversely, physical
handicaps are no limit to Clairvoyance; a normally blind character may use Clairvoy-
ance without penalty or hindrance.


Using Clairvoyance requires a Static Mental Challenge. The difficulty is based on
the clairvoyant's familiarity with the target area, person or item. Clairvoyance powers
require the expenditure of one Humanity Trait
el _ |
CLAIRVOYANCE DIFFICULTIES

Familiarity Difficulty
very familiar 4
known to the psychic 6
completely unknown 8

|
BASIC
Secret Glimpses

With absolute concentration, you can briefly extend your sensesa short dis

to see something occurring outside of your normal perceptions. The visions gathered

by this power are hazy and sometimes misinterpreted, especially since you cannot

actually hear what's happening; furthermore, your range is limited tonearby areas (any
place to which you could physically walk in 20 seconds is a good guideline).

No sound accompanies this vision, which lasts for up to two minutes. Atthis most
basic level of power, preparation requires 10 minutes of concentration or meditation,
undisturbed while sitting or lying down in a dark or dimly lit space. You must also
maintain complete concentration for the entire duration of the vision; performing
other tasks is impossible, and any interruption automatically ruins the effect.

Whispers of the Hidden

You can expand your senses to significant distances with some effort. This power
allows you tosee distant locations,

nd youcan sometimes hear what's happeningas well
Your control isstill tenuous, though, and yourextrasensory vision lasts only two minutes.
Your range is significant; you can see events happening anywhere within your town
You must spend five minutes in concentration or meditation before expanding
your senses in this fashion. Again, performing other tasks is impossible, and any break
in concentration automatically interrupts the power. However, you can sometimes
hear what's happening in addition to seeing events; make a Static Mental Challenge
with the same difficulty as the initial activation test (no Traits are risk

d), with success
indicating that you can hear events as well as seeing what's happening. Since the
words and sounds conveyed by this power are hazy at best, asking participants to speak
in a stage (fairly loud) whisper is a good approximation.

INTERMEDIATE

Sense of Beyond
Atthisstage ofdevelopment, you may combine the sensations of sight and sound, and

youcan extend the duration of your visions. All of your extrasensory visions automatically

include sight and sound, and you can sometimes actually feel objects at the location.

By concentrating for only three minutes, you can send your awareness out for up
to 10 minutes. Furthermore, at this stage of development, all difficulties for using your
powers are reduced by one Trait; thus, sensing a completely unknown location now
hasa difficulty of only seven Traits. Additionally, by makinga follow-up Static Mental
Challenge against the same difficulty as the power's activation, you may feel things at


the remote location. Of course, you still cannot exert any sort of force or influence,
but you could (for instance) feel the texture on an item or determine whether
something is hot or cold, without actually suffering injury.

Atthislevel ofdevelopment, youcan sometimes use other powers while sensingan area
remotely. Youcannotactually split your consciousness, so you could notuse Astral Projection,
but ye

can invoke other psychic powers while using your point of reference — thus, you
could use Telekinesis to liftan object ata remote location, subject to your ability tosee itthere
with Clairvoyance. Maintainingsplitconcentration like thisistaxing,and yousufferthe usual
owe

Trait penalty on all tests engaged while using your Clairvoyance. If you are injured or
disturbed while projecting yoursenses, you may choose to retum yourawareness to yourown
body or try tomakea Static Mental Challenge (no Traitsrisked, difficulty equal tothe power's
activation difficulty) in order to keep your concentration on the remote location.

Hauntings of the Mind's Eye

The expansion of your clairvoyant awareness lets you project your senses easily
to nearly any location that you can imagine. Your senses include sight, hearing and
touch, and you are capable of fairly extended feats of extra

ensory perception.

You need only concentrate for one minute to use your awareness, and you can
maintain your vision for 20 minutes. You can use other powers at the location of your
senses, subject to the usual two-Trait penalty on additional challenges. You may make
tatic Mental Challenge (no Traits risked, difficulty equal to the power's activation

as
difficulty) in order to maintain your concentration if your body is injured or disturbed,

oryou may simply choose to return your awareness to your body in such circumstances,

ADVANCED

Cosmic Awareness

You have fully opened your mind to your unusual perceptions, and can now enter
a vision

ter only a few moments of peace. Your remote sensing includes full visual,
auditory and tactile information. Your range of vision is effectively unlimited; any
place in the world is open to your senses, unless specifically warded from supernatural
sight. Functionally, the Storyteller may choose to limit your use of this capability,
simply due to the difficulty of describing events around the world.

You can hold any extrasensory vision of Clairvoyance for up to half an hour. The
difficulty of sensing remote locations is reduced by two Traits (replacing the improvement
from the Intermediate level of Clairvoyance), so you can now sense unknown locations with

adifficulty of only six Traits. You can utilize other powers ata distance, subject to the normal

penalties, and you can hold your concentration even when injured or disturbed, as long as

youmake theappropriate test. Activating your powertakesonlyamomentofconcentration.

At the Storyteller's discretion, you may receive visions without initiating them,
and experience a vision of something the Storyteller wishes you to see. These flashes
of unexpected sight can be disturbing indeed, especially when they come in the midst
of other important matters.

PSICHOMETRY

Psychometry reads the emotional resonance from objects. By touching some-
and the
people and events that happened around it or to it. The impressions take the form of

thing, the psychic may receive impressions about a subject's recent history,

visions or the emotions involved, and they can be very stressful to the psychometrist.
Skin contact is required, usually with the hands


The psychic must reach a state of strong concentration to use Psychometry,
Extremely overwhelming or traumatic emotions and visions may induce temporary
Derangements in the character, at the Storyteller's discretion. Any conscious use of
Psychometry requires the expenditure of a Humanity Trait

BASIC

Emotional Connection

You may gain impressions of strongemotions tied to objects simply by handling them

carefully. The context of the emotion is not necessarily evident, but the feelings wash over

youand give some idea of what has happened tothe item in question. You might sense that
pairit

a knife was used ina des z way, but would not know that it was used ina suicide. You

may sometimes get flashes of names and faces if the events are particularly strong.
The emotions sensed with this power do not have to be recent, especially if the

Anexample
museum for a decade

object has not been associated with any other strong emotion recently
would be a lost but treasured heirloom on display in

Conversely, an object that has traded hands many times and been the subject of much
emotional turmoil might well give off a befuddling mix of emotions and feelings.

Flashback

After handling an object, you receive a vision of events that recently happened

concerning it. You cannot sense emotions directly, but you can guess based on the
vision. The object must have been centrally involved in the event. You see these
visions in the form of short visual images replaying the events in question. Often, the

point of view is that of the object in question; if unwary, you may find yourself in the

role of a murder weapon.

Use of Flashback on fresh corpses usually gives an indication of how they died. In
some cases, a Static Mental Ch

lenge (six trait difficulty)may be appropriate to see if
youcan make out the details of the event from the briefand distorted pictures presented.

INTERMEDIATE

Time and Place
You have learned to focus yoursense of emotions beyond simple objects and small
locations. You must still be in, and physically touching, the area in question, but you
can receive emotionally charged visions of events that recently took place in that
location. Your Psychometry now inc

oryteller's choice),
so you might feel skin giving way as a knife plunges through flesh, or smell the acrid

les one other sense (of the $

stench of gunpowder from a shooting.

The visions invoked by this power are emotionally intense and often disturbing.
You may be influenced by the emotions of the event in question; roleplay the emotions.
described by the Narrator or Storyteller for the remainder of the scene.

The Hidden Menagerie

Your ability to sense emotions and events from objects and locations has

progressed to the point of sensitivity even to happenings long past (within the last
month) or with only limited emotional potency. Additionally, all of your visions and
sensations from Psychometry now possess components for all five senses.

You can be unwittingly drawn into events of extreme intensity when using this
power. Witnessing particularly horrific acts (espec

lly when experienced through
your own point of view) may call fora Simple Test to avoid acquiringa Derangement.

ee Yee Cnarttine find Pe vers

ADVANCED

Touch the Soul

By touching the skin of another person and concentrating deeply, you can
receive a vision of something that emotionally concems the individual. This sort of
insight can be unreliable and difficult to interpret. For example, touching a murderer

while he is being questioned might lead toa vision of the moment at which he decided

tocommit the murder, not the actual deed itself. When use:
I

on objects and locations,

you gain clear insight into scenes that took place, complete with all five senses; when
sensing emotional currents in people, you must make a Mental Challenge against the
target to gain useful information.

At this level of sensitivity, you will occasionally suffer spontaneous visions or
sensations when touching emotionally charged objects. The Storyteller or Narrator
may at any time declare that you gather "vibes" from a given object without conscious
activation of this power. Such spontaneous sensing is unreliable, but does not require
the expenditure of a Humanity Trait

PYROKINE
Note: You should never actually use fire to represent this power. This is not
live-action Beavis and Butt-head.

Psychics use this phenomenon to agitate molecules to such a degree that fire
results. Pyrokinesis can only start fires; the psychic cannot extinguish fires or exert

any control over flame. Pyrokinetically started fires are indistinguishable from

ans

normal fires, and they last until they burn out or are put out by normal m

To use Pyrokinesis, the psychic must spend a Humanity Trait, and then win

1 Static Mental Challenge (against a difficulty of six Traits, or the ta

get's
Physical Traits, if another person is the target or is holding the object the
psychic wishes to ignite)

The maximum range of Pyrokinesis is 10 paces.


Candleflame
With concentration, you create a tiny, lighter-sized flame to provide light. The fire
can grow, if there is sufficient fuel, but itstarts very small. It provides only a flickering light,
and is not very hot. The flame can easily be put out before it does significant damage.
Fan the Flame

, even if the fuel is not
very combustible. A dying fire could be brought back to life and a barbecue kept lit in

You can encourage an already existing fire to grow in siz

the rain, You can also increase the size of fires created by your own use of this power;
tiny fil

s like that provided by Candlelight grow into small flames capable of inflicting

one Health Level of aggravated damage, while larger flames blaze even more furiously

The fire in question simply flares up for a moment (one turn), dying back to normal

in the next turn unless the power is maintained (at the usual cost)

INTERMEDIATE

Combustion

You can start a fire about the size of a campfire, provided that you have a large
enough source of flammable materials. This fire will cause one Health Level of
aggravated damage to anyone it reaches. You can even set a person's clothes alight or
ignite more stubborn materials, although such fires don't last unless maintained with

further uses of Pyrokinesis (or more mundane means, like gasoline).

Bonfire
Your incendiary abilitiesallow you toset large and otherwise inflammable targetsalight

and call a brief flash of flame into existence without a flammable target. Objects up to the

sizeofasmall carcan easily be ignited, and they continue to bum unlesscompletely unsuitable

as fuel. Flash-fires cause one Health Level of aggravated damage to the unfortunate target,

and sustained flames cause similar damage to those even partially engulfed
ADVANCED
Conflagral

on

The fire created at this level of mastery is truly a fearsome thing, instantly coming
into existence wherever there is sufficient fuel. Unsupported fires still go out, but the
air itself can be agitated into a seething mass of burning oxygen, if only briefly. $

ich

a fire causes two Health Levels of aggravated damage to anyone it reaches.

TELEKINESIS

Telekinesis allows the character to project his will and move objects with the
power of thought. The player must expend a Humanity Trait in order to employ this
power, and he must engage in a Static Mental Test against a difficulty of five Traits
if he uses the power on an inanimate object that isn't in anyone's possession. If the
character seeks to affect another person (take an object from the subject, throw
something at him, move him, etc.), then the telekinetic must engage in a Mental
Challenge against the target, who resists with Physical Traits.

To first pick up an object, it must be within the character's line of sight. It does
not have to remain within the character's line of sight once he has lifted it, however.
Manipulation with Telekinesis lasts for the duration of the Scene, unless the character
decides to prematurely terminate the use of the power.

BASIC
Nudge

You have learned to manipulate small nearby objects (eggs, drinking glasses,
books; anything under three pounds), but without much skill or force. You can only

accomplish minor things like turning the next page of a book, flicking a light switch,
lifting something off a table or pressing a button:

Only one item ata time can be manipulated with this power. The amount of force

erted by this power is minimal; you cannot use it to attack, and manipulated objects
move slowly and imprecisely. Manipulated objects can easily be snatched away by
anyone willing to make the effort. At this most basic level of skill, you need to gesture
physically in the fashion of the telekinetic force; you are one Trait down on the test
if you do not make an appropriate gesture.

Fling

You may repel something or attract it, though with little control over its speed.
The objects so affected must still be small and light, and are they easily dodged. You
can only affect objects in this way within the same room

Only one item ata time can be manipulated with this power. Furthermore, you
cannot exert enough force to move

n object weighing more than 10 pounds. Again,
gesturing helps, and failing to gesture causes you to suffer a one-Tra
appropriate tests.

INTERMEDIATE

Phantom Arm

penalty on

At this degree of mastery, you can move heavy items with a good degre
control. Youcan also move items in another room,

of
s longas you can still see the target

(through a window, for instance, or by using Clairvoyance). Your control is not
particularly fine, but you can easily throw items about and even injure people.

The object of this power must still be less than 100 pounds in weight, but you can
manipulate it just as though you were handling it physically, although you control is
no better than if you were wearing mittens. If you flinga heavy object at someone, you
can inflict a single Health Level of normal damage from the impact. Similarly, you can
guide and hurl weapons a

urately enough to inflict normal damage with them. You
still need to make gestures appropriate to your actions, and failing to gesture imposes
a one-Trait penalty on your telekinetic test

Hidden Forces

Your mental strength is prodigious; you can manipulate heavy objects, even
lifting people, and you can manipulate multiple objects at once. You can manipulate
targets up to a block away as long as they are within your line of sight. Although you
don't have quite enough control to undo a complicated knot (for instance), you can
affect things as if you were working on them while wearing gloves.

Youcan affect objects up to 200 pounds in weight at this level of power. Weapons
and heavy objects can be used to inflict one Health Level of damage when thrown or
swung at someone, and you can even pick a person up and smash him against nearby
surfaces for similar damage. With concentration, you can lift yourself and achieve a
limited sort of flight. You can affect multiple objects now, with a two-Trait penalty for
each new object after the first. At this level of power, you no longer need to gesture
in order to direct your powers.


Lat of the Hint

ADVANCED
Psychic Levitation
YX

is good enough to perform delicate manipulations, such as undoing a zipper, loading

have thoroughly mastered the power to project mental force. Your control

a.gun or pouring champagne, though the difficulty might be increased for particularly
tricky tasks. You can manipulate multiple objects with concentration, and you need
not gesture to affect your targets.

Youcan affect something weighing up to 300 pounds with this power. Heavy orpointy
objects will do one Health Level of damage when thrown telekinetically. Alternately, you
may simply pick someone up with mental force and batter him mercilessly. When affecting
multiple objects, the normal penalty for splitting concentration is applied; test separately for

each subject, with a two-Trait penalty for each additional object after the first. Once this

power is activated, though, no further expenditures are required to acquire new targets.

TELEPATHY

Insidious and almost undetectable, Telepathy allows a ch
emotions and thoughts of ni

acter to sense the

arby individuals. The telepath's player must expend a
Humanity Trait and then win a Mental Challenge against the target after the
character undergoes a period of intense concentration. If the telep
must hear or touch people to read their minds

h is blind, she

This ability can affect animals, but their thoughts are not terribly sophisticated
or different from their emotions.

BASIC

Emotional Contact

You may perceive another's emotional state. This perception is not visual as in
the vampiric power Aura Perception. Rather, you sense a wash of feelings similar to the
ones that the target is experiencing. On winning the Mental Challenge, you may
request that the other player explain his character's current emotional state. The

bject should not explain why he feels a particular emotion, only that he is
periencing it. You must be able to see your target in order to use this level of contact.
The Unspoken Heart
You may "hear" a phrase uttered only in the mind of your target. This power
requires relative silence to work, but makes you privy to those comments that people
think, but generally choose not to vocalize. After winning the Mental Challenge, you
may ask the target, "What did you leave unspoken just now?" and the other player must
answer truthfully. However, you can only use this power on an individual you can see.
Typically, one cannot glean useful information by using this power. Any thought
that the target is actively attempting to conceal will remain hidden. Most often, the
psychic will "hear" What an ugly dress," or even "Brick
wall, brick wall, brick wall..."

INTERMEDIATE
Psychic Link

You are now capable of establishing a telepathic rapport that allows you to glean

such comments as "Idiot,"

small bits of information from your target. With a successful contact, you can
immediately ask your target one simple question, which the player must answer

} A
Nowlin "tl Pe icu

truthfully. Such questions may include, but are not limited to, examples such as "Was
the last thing you said truthful?" or "What nature of creature are you?" You still need

to see your target, and you are still limited to one target at a time

This power can be used for one-way communication, with the target mentally
thinking the sentences he wishes you to "hear."

Mind Probe

Reaching deep into the consciousness of your subject, you can gather deep

memories and hidden information. In addition to the normal questions that you may

ask with your telepathic powers, you can ask the subject to describe any scene in her
memory. You may even notice if someone's memories have been tampered with or
altered; you can make a second Mental Challenge to try to uncover the hidden
memories in such cases. You no longer need to directly see a person, either — you can
read the thoughts of an individual in an adjacent room, although you will need a

description if you are not familiar with the subject

ADVANCED

Secrets Revealed

t this de

gree of mastery, you have learned to fully read the surface thoughts of
nearly anyone. You can now split your concentration to read multiple minds, and you

can even

yather second-hand information, such as reading the mind of a character

using Clairvoyance and seeing the image that the character views. Reading multiple
minds counts as multiple tasks, so you still suffer a two-Trait penalty on all tasks for

e

ich contact kept after the first, but you can read minds at any distance, subject to your
knowledge of the individual subject. You can even use other senses, such as Clairvoy-
ance, to detect a subject and then use Telepathy to scan his mind.

SORCERY

The art of magic that is accessible to regular mortals (those who do not fall into
the realm of mages or Infernalists) is considered Sorcery. It is low magic and requires
some kind of ritual or focus to work. Sorcery is the sort of magic used to give a Gypsy
a good name or a bad reputation, that can bring forth a good lover or hex a bad one.
Some call it wise lore; others believe it is divinely inspired and refer to it as
"Theurgy". Whatever it is called, it is the sort of magic that most people don't
believe in.

Sorcery is separated into different paths, each one

accomplishing distinctly
different effects. It is possible to study and even master more than one path, although
doing so is difficult and time-consuming. Mortals can pick up these paths through
other hunters, diaries, occult tomes or any other reasonable means. In addition, most
paths have rituals. Rituals are the actual effects that are cast, while the basic level of
bility in the path simply indica

res the range of power available to the sorcerer.

Most rituals cost one Mental Trait, and they often require some sort of test to
determine whether they are successful or not. Some rituals state otherwise, and the
may require the expenditure of Humanity Traits in addition to or instead of Mental
Traits. All Basic rituals take 10 minutes, Intermediate rituals require 20 minutes and
all Ad
Storytellers who are running particularly short games may choose to alter these times
to suit the needs of their plots.

vanced rituals take at least 30 minutes to perform, unless stated differently.


Lent of the Hint

CONJURATION

Sorcerers with this path are apparently able to create things out of thin air.
What Conjuration really entails is the preparation of an object beforehand.
Then, the conjurer can summon the prepared item (or person if he is powerful
enough) to him instantly whenever he desires it. When the ritual is performed,

1 triggering word is set into the object, and the object is teleported directly to

any empty space the caster desires on the utterance of that word (within the
range of his conjuring ability). Alternately, the caster may design a ritual to
move or animate an object in a specific way, allowing for limited telekinetic
manipulation

To prepare the item, a Humanity Trait must be spent, and a Static Mental
Challenge (against a difficulty dependent on the object) is required. Retrieving the
object requires another Static Mental Challenge (against a difficulty of seven Traits).

Usinga Conjuration effect requires only asingle action. Preparing the object in the first

place requires the standard casting time.

It can be extremely difficult to prepare unwilling animals or people, since they
won't stay put for the lengthy ritual. Conjuration doesn't cause an item to become
magical; the object has only its own normal properties. Only one object at a time may
be conjured.

A wizard may have a number of prepared items ready equal to his number of
permanent Humanity Traits. A prop or card for each item should be left with a
Narrator, so that it is handy when it is conjured.

CONJURING RITUALS
Levitate Object (Basic)
This ritual allows you to levitate a prepared object. You must have a separate
ritual for

‘ach type of object. You can lift and move the object about, as long as it is
within your conjuring range and power level.

Manipulate Object (Basic)

Simple levitation isone thing; gettinga rope to knot and unknot itself is another

thing entirely. Manipulations let the caster telekinetically affect the conjured object

ina simple fashion. Thus, the Manipulate Lock ritual could be used to open or close
asimple lock, while the Manipulate Computer ritual might allow the conjurer to turn
a computer on or off

Teleport Object (Basic)

This ritual prepares an object for snatching or teleportation. When conjured, the

object is immediately teleported to any location within your range of conjuration.

Again, you must learn a separate ritual for each type of object or creature, so Teleport
Rabbit does not substitute for Teleport Lovely Assistant

BASIC
The Conjurer's Touch

You can nudge a tiny, simple object with a small amount of conjured force.
Although you ca

not actually manipulate or teleport the object, you can cause it to
move slightly, so you can push a prepared button or possibly draga prepared key across
atable. Youcan only use this power on objects within 10 feet; the object can be easily
stopped by anyone who wishes to grab it.

a
=

]

)
Lwanmae oe os rs

Conjure the Simple Form

This ritual is performed on a simple object — anything without moving or
electronic parts. A glass of water, coin, knife or bullet would be acceptable, buta gun
would not. Individual plants may be conjured, but not animals or people. The conjurer

can call the object from up to 15 feet away, either moving it slowly or teleporting it.

INTERMEDIATE

Conjure the Complex Form

You have learned to conjure more difficult items, with moving parts or which are
composed of other items. You can prepare and conjure large and complex inanimate
objects such as staves, clocks o televisions, as long as the object is no larger than a
chair and weighs less than 200 pounds. Even very simple creatures such as snails and
antsare within yourconjuring power. Youcan move the object via levitation orsnatch
it from thin air at a distance of up to 25 feet

Gra

of Conjuring, you can affect inanim

The Conjurer'
With this lev

steamer trunks, with a we

bjects up to the size of

te

ght up to 300 pounds. Additionally, you can prepare and
P prep
conjure creatures up to 50 pounds in weight, up to the level of a rabbit, bird or large

lizard. You can levitate or snatch the object from a distance of up to 50 feet.

ADVANCED

Conjure the Living Form

You may now conjure complex items with many parts, or those which are very

large. This includes bookcases, laptops, video cameras and human beings. Cognizant
subjects — humans, among others — must be willing or unconscious, and this form
of conjuration is extremely disorienting

a conjured individual is stunned and unable
to act for one complete turn (or 15 seconds, if not in combat time). You can
manipulate objects up to 60 feet away with this power, affecting anything up to human

. With the proper ritual, you can even cause yourself to levitate

CURSING

One of the oldest known forms of magic, a curse is intended to cause trouble orharm
to someone who has offended the wizard. The wizard decides what effect he wants his
curse to have (within his ability), then spends one turn per level building up his malice

and ill will. Once the cursing energy is ready, the caster discharges it in some cathartic

fashion (a scream, a dance, etc.). At this point, the player spendsa Humanity Trait and
engages in a Social Challenge with the target of his ire. If the caster succeeds, the
Storyteller determines exactly what form the curse takes or how it unfolds. Curses are
rarely instantaneous; they usually occur almost coincidentally whene
allow. They subtly nudge things orf

circumstances
ple already in motion toward fulfilling the caster's
ed.

Rituals are not used for Cursing. The caster simply builds up the necessary energy
and releases it at the victim immediately

desire toward the target, and may take weeks or even months to be reali:

» victim can suffer from the effects of more than one curse ata time. If multiple
curses are ¢

st on the subject, then only the strongest one takes effect.

Supernatural creatures may be cursed, but can resist the effect by expending a
Willpower Trait, though they must be made aware of the curse in order to do so.


BASIC

Curse of Inconvenience

The caster can inflict a brief inconvenience (dropping something, saying
something stupid, breaking a tr

asured object) or a minor injury or illness which
does no lasting harm (cutting oneself, slamming a finger in a door, getting a
migraine) at this level

The effect will usually be over within the same game session. Your curse generally
does not cause any damage or loss of Traits, but it is certainly inconvenient

Curse of Trouble

Your victim will certainly suffer some sort of setback in the near future.
Although far from debilitating, it will annoy the subject and may lead to injury or
potential long-term problems

game session, the cursed individual suffers
{ by the Storyteller

In one challenge in the same or next

a two-Trait penalty on one challenge, as decid

INTERMEDIATE

Curse of Misfortune
At this level of ability, you may cause serious injury or illness (gunshot

wound, broken leg, influenza), thou;

h it will not kill, or a misfortune that has
lasting effects (broken friendship, political incident, house burned down). The
subject of the curse will probably suffer some sort of unavoidable injury or trouble
in the next

Me session

The effect will last until it is recovered from, though recovery is always
possible. In game terms, the victim is automatically forced to retest one otherwise
victorious challenge later in the current game session, though the Storyteller
chooses the test in question

Curse of Disaster

Lasting, but not fatal, injury follows the cursed individual around. Painful and

inconvenient evel

ts seem to crop up all of the time, and the side effects of such
problems may very well cause the victim long-term grief

For the remainder of the current game session, the victim suffers a two-Trait

penalty on all challenges.

ADVANCED

Great Curse

This curse causes either a lasting, debilitating illness (stroke, he:

rt_attack,
Alzheimer's) or a terrible calamity (family murdered, all material wealth lost, object
nhunt). Nothing goes right, and even some close friends or
relatives of the victim may suffer from the curse

of country-wide r

al is automati
cally forced to take one retest on all successful challenges. Thus, the cursed person is
much more likely to fail in any sort of task

For the remainder of the current game session, the cursed individ

Alternately, this power can bestow some permanent effects. See the Flaw: Cursed

for some additional ideas. If a permanent curse is invoked, the caster's player must
end the Humanity Trait permanently


DIVINATION

The art of fortune-telling allows its practitioners to uncover clues, discov

r
personal information and make general predictions based on the process of asking a
specific question. The discovery of information through this method requiresa certain
amount of natural or cultivated psychic sensitivity to tap into the higher conscious-
ness of the querent (the person for whom the character is doing the reading), to invoke
one's own higher self or to somehow tap into a force of higher energy

The combination of psychological interpretive skills and psychic openness
allows a few gifted mortals to perceive the truth through divination. The character

must choose a method of divination to practice (Tarot cards, | Ching, tea leaves, dice-

throwing, runes, crystal ball, opening the Bible toa random passage), reflective of the
style appropriate to the character. Typically, Divination requires 10 minutes of
concentration and study, although certain powers require different amounts of time.
Each level of Divination has its own rituals, as described in the individual powers.
The future can bea very difficult thing to predict ina game, so Storytellers should
tion

limit this power to discovering inform

bout the present or the past

If possible, it enhances the roleplaying ifa Narrator can be the only one to witness

the challenge, and give the appropriate answer to the psychic based on the outcome
Most psychics are convinced their answers are correct until proven wrong, and noone
else really knows for sure.

The information at a diviner's disposal is very much a matter of asking the right
questions, and Narrators may feel free to use their discretion in answering exactly the
question posed, rather than volunteering unrelated facts

Each use of Divination requires the expenditure of at least one Humanity Trait.

BASIC

Fortune-telling

You have only a limited knowledge of the art of divination, and have only learned
to acquire basic knowledge. You may discover the answer to a simple yes-or-no

question. This question might be about yourself orabout a querent participating in the

divination. Examples range from, "Does the querent's sister hate him?" to, "Does he

know anything about the disappearance of my husband?" to even, "Is he a vampire!"

Alternately, you can get a sense of a person's general fortunes, allowing you to tell if
the individual is laboring under some sort of curse or blessing.

Fortune-telling rituals include Tarot reading, casting | Ching, orusinga Ouija board.

Dowsing

Using the proper tools and forms, you can find hidden or lost materials or even
people. Youcan get a "pull" in the general direction of an object for which you search.
Using a map, you can get a long-range direction that indicates an area of the map.

You need to engage in a Simple Test after spending your Humanity Trait on this
power. Dowsing then lets you get a general sense of direction to the object of your
search. Note that you must use the proper ritual; different objects and people require
different rituals.

Dowsing rituals usually use some sort of pointer or focus, like using pronged stick
to find water.


INTERMEDIATE
Augury
You get a general feeling for the outcome of single future event. By casting your

Augury, you gain some insight into the direction that the future will rake, and you may

be able to alter the course of events with your knowledge. You might sense that an

ting is actually a trap or that a particular business meeting look

arranged me

promising.

By expending one Humanity Trait and entering a divinatory trance, you can

discern the general course of future events. Be

‘ause you are prepared for what's
coming, you have the ability to anticipate the general flow of the setting, and in the

next scene you gain one retest on any one challenge. This benefit may be applied to
multiple challenges by expending additional Humanity Traits at the time of the
Augury. If you entera tranceande

pend three Humanity Traits, you can retest on any
three tests of your choice in the next scene. However, you may not make more than

one retest with this power on any given challeng

Augury rituals resemble Fortune-telling rituals but are more complicated. An

Augury ritual might be reading patterns of tea leaves or staring into flames.

Premonitions

Brief flashes of insight warn you of danger. Though uncontrolled, these visions
allow you to react quickly in times of crisis, protecting you from injury almost like a
psychic premonition. You need not take any preparation time to gain these visions;

Premonition functions automatically whenever you are in danger.

You may expend one Humanity Trait any time that you are surprised in order to

egate the surprise advantage of your opponent; your Premonitions give you a flash of
warning, granting a few seconds of leeway.

Premonitions do not require rituals,

ADVANCED
Vision-Quest
You receive visions of future e
shows a brief snippet of future e

nts when engaging in Divination. The vision

nts, about 15 seconds in duration foreach Humanity
Trait expended (including the initial Trait spent to activate the Divination). Thus, if
youspend

Humanity Trait to activate the Divination and then expend two additional
Humanity Traits, the Vision-Quest will show about 45 seconds of the future. You may
specify the subject of the vision as yourself or someone you know, but you have no
control over what events you foresee. Furthermore, the vision is often unc
jumpy, and itis

or
easy to misinterpret the events. As the vision is not necessarily linear,

your point of view may jump from event to event, even out of chronological order
In game terms, once you have successfully undertaken a Vision-Quest, you may,

at some later point in the game, declare that you are ex

vision. You then a

periencing the events of your
omatically win all ties on one test, with no retests allowed, for

each Humanity Trait expended at the time of the vision. Invoking this power on a
particular challenge may be done even after Traitsare compare

and causesyoutowin
the tie and immediately end the challenge (no further retests are made). For exampl

you could get intoa gunfight and then declare that you foresaw these events, allowing
you to win a tie on a Firearms Challenge and then another one later in the same scene

on a Brawl Challenge while trying to tackle a fleeing opponent.


Only one Vision-Quest at a time may be active. You cannot undertake a new

Vision-Quest until the events of the previous quest have come to pass.

Vision-Quest rituals are difficult ordeals that tap into higher consciou
through elaborate ceremony. E:

ness

amples include the ritual use of peyote or engaging in
a meditative trance. A Vision-Quest generally takes several hours of time to complete,
though the Storyteller may shorten the time for ease of play

ENCHANTMENT

This path taps into magical energies to imbue a specially constructed object with

minor powers. It allows a wizard to transform natural ingredients and objects into
minor talismans with real power. Enchantment demands a certain investment of time,
effort and material. Only the right ingredients will do! Talismans and artifacts take
one day per level to concoct, and each is good for a single use. They are meant to be
created between sessions, but a few such objects cc

ild be prepared ahead of time for
asingle-shot game. This flexibility gives the Storyteller and the pla

r time to agree
on what is being created

Victims of the darker variety of Enchantment —that is, those subjected to powers
cast by an object — are allowed to resist the effect by initiating either a Mental of

Physical Challenge against the wizard. To su

-essfully create an item, the wizard must
spend a Humanity Trait and make a Static Mental Test (against a difficulty of eight
Traits). An unsuccessful talisman may have no effect or an unexpected effect
determined by the Storyteller.

The w

item she has made before.

rd is considered two Traits up on the Enchantment challenge if it is an

Additionally, an enchanter may gain a one-Trait bonus if
she actually builds a prop to represent the object in question (as long as she adheres
to the No-Weapons policy)

Each type of enchanted object requires its own ritual. The basic powers of

Enchantment are theoretical knowledge, indicating the limits of the enchanter's
possible capabilitie

Actually making a talisman requires that the w
the proper ritual to imbue the object in question. Furthermore,

ard possess
activating a
talisman usually requires that certain conditions be met. More potent talist

ns
usually have more stringent conditions. A simple talisman may just grant one

temporary Negative Trait or require a minor action; powerful talismans might

function only during eclipses, when bathed with blood or under other onerous
circumstances

BASIC
Minor Talis

You can create objects and dusts which perform very minor effects as long as the

n

subject stays within the bounds of the talisman's limitations. A minor talisman can
add one Trait to certain exacting tests or conditions. Thus, an enchanted ribbon
might be able to grant one bonus Physical Trait when attempting to leap across a

chasm, but only if the wearer has itabout his feet (gaining the Negative Trait Chansy),

or a special type of incense that awak
thre

ns the user immediately from slumber if
tened but has an overpowering scent and dark smoke (giving the Negative Trait
Oblivious). In general, these talismans have minor effects, either adding a single Trait

for a challenge or simulating a one-Trait Merit for a single task.


With practice, it's possible to develop talismans that grant longer-lasting effects

than most minor objects. Such a talisman might be an amulet that grants a retest

against one magical effect, or perhaps knife that inflicts two Health Levels of damage

with its first strike in any given battle. These talismans usually grant one Trait fora

scene, or allow the use of a particular one- or two-Trait Merit for a single challenge

INTERMEDIATE

Potent Talism

n

You can now make talismans that confer minor supernatural powers (such as one
use of any of the Basic Psychic Phenomena) or an oil to rub onto a weapon so that it
inflicts aggravated damage on its next strike. The item performs a clearly unusual

function.

nd onlookers may be mystified at the object's powers. In general, assume

that these talismansadd one Trait for ascene or two Traits fora challenge if specifically
designed to augment an Attribute, or they can allow one use of an Ability or Basic
power that is otherwise denied to the user.

Amulets and Periapts

Talismans created with this level of ability defy the bounds of the mundane
world. Such a talisman duplicates many minor magical effects or performs mundane

the
invisible, while magical gloves could bestow superior gripping and climbing strength.

tasks quickly and simply. A set of enchanted glasses might allow the wearer to se

These talismans tend toadd two Traits while worn or three Traits forascene, and they
may bestow Basic powers of various natures for a limited du

ADVANCED
Superi

ation.

r Talisman

flying brooms, m:
amulets and other impossible (or at least improbable) m:

These are the magical items of legend gic daggers, protective
ical items. These items

allow the user to defy conventional reality for a scene. With such a talisman, a user

may gain three to four Physical, Social or Mental Traits, or he may heal or inflict one
Health L magic sword might alwa

el of damage.

ys inflict two Health Levels of

mage, or a special hairpin could grant three additional Social Traits to the wearer.

At this stage, you can create items that bestow powers resembling Basic or
Intermediate vampiric Disciplines, werewolf Gifts or other powers. These items can
only bestow a single use or limited duration, rather than the complete effects of the
power. As always, work closely with a Storyteller to determine the exact effects of the
item and the powers that it does (and d

EPHEMERA

This path allows a sorcerer to open herself to spirit channels. The nature of the
spirits she contacts depends on the rituals the wizard knows. This path does not

differentiate between types of spirits; breaching the Gauntlet to speak with nature
spirits is as difficult as the rending the Shroud to contact wraiths. Note that even the
rd herself might not re:

als with. Amateur wizards
frequently get themselves in trouble this way, opening themselves to Banes or worse.

e which spirits she d

Spirits, however, have minds of their own. If they have ason to mislead,

possess or abuse the magician, they may try. Others are simply mischievous, and they

ome re:

may lead the wizard into games for their own amusement.

Nnurtfine i Poy

Ephemera differs from the Merit: Medium in that it requires lengthy rituals to

function, though Ephemera can functionally accomplish more. Mediums, on the other
hand, do not need to put their personal energies into the task of contacting spirits, but
are limited to dealing with spirits that are at hand. Many ephemerists are also mediums.

Performingany Ephemeraritual requires the expenditure ofa Humanity Trait and
1 successful Social Challenge against the spirit in question, unless otherwise noted.

Rituals that do not directly targ

a particular spirit are instead cast with a Static
Challenge, versus a difficulty based on the sorcerer's Ephemera skill — more powerful
sorcerers can cast their effects more easily

Sorcerers may combine their efforts when working

ticularly powerful
spirits. In sucha case, each additional sorcerer can add one Willpower Trait to the pool

ainst p:

of Traits when engaging in challenges to control or banish a targeted spirit. In this
fashion, an experienced sorcerer (with several Willpower Traits) can call on the aid
of multiple colleagues, in order to havea chance to bind or repel very powerful spirits.
As with any group effort, no more than five sorcerers may contribute to any one
challenge (the primary caster and four assistants),

If the wizard is in possession of a wraith's fetter, she is considered to have two
additional Traits for any challenge against that wraith.

Since Ephemera deals so heavily with spirits, the Storyteller should have the
appropriate resources on hand. See Laws of the Wild for information about nature
spirits, and Oblivion for statistics on wraiths.

EPHEMERA RITUALS
Banishment/Forbiddance (Basic)

Wraiths can be pushed out of an area through the use of Forbiddane

Similarly,
nature spirits can be forced away with Banishment. The ephemerist must make a Social
Challenge against the wraith or spirit, as usual; success indicates that the target is
banished from the room or area (when in doubt, assume that the spirit must stay at least
10 feet away from the area where the sorcerer cast the Banishment or Forbiddance).

Call Spirit (Basic)

These rituals allow you to summon ghosts (wraiths) and nature spirits (naturae).
Successful use of the C:

I Wraith ritual means that something comes in response to your
call. You must specify the type of ritual that you know as either Call Wraith or Call
Naturae; only spirits of the appropriate type respond. Remember that this ritual does
not grant any ability to control what you summon.

Seal/Warding (Basic)

Warding protects an are

from wraiths, while a Seal protects a location from
ate the
protected area with some sort of special material or ceremony, be ita painted sigil, sea
saltorasimple pra

nature spirits. Setting up a spiritual ward requires that the ephemerist deli

cet. Thesorcerer must then expenda WillpowerTrait. Oncea Ward

eal is enacted, no spirit of the appropriate type can enter the area for a week.
(Basic)

An ephemerist normally can't see the spirits with which she deals, unless she
possesses the appropriate Merits. These rituals allow you to make

See Spiri

pirits visible, so that
you can tell what you're dealing with. Note that the ability to see a spirit does not
translate into the ability to recognize it;a wraith or nature spirit might take an altered
form to hide its true identity, and this ritual does not grant any ability to see through

such masks. See Wraith and See Naturae must be learned separately.


Command Spirit (Intermediate)

This powerful ritual, which only functionson nature spirits, allows the ephemerist
to demand service from the subject. The ephemerist must best the
a Social Challeng

geted spirit in
and then must have more Willpower Traits than the spirit. If the

power succeeds, the ephemerist can give the spirit a single command, which must be

n
ephemerist many spiritual enemies, since most spirits dislike being commanded in this
fashion. Gr

obeyed (for the rest of the session). Indiscriminate use of this power tends to giv

ater spirits may intervene if their lesser servitors are distracted too often.

Deny the Veil (Intermediate)
A powerful ephemerist can actually see beyond the curtain of the living world,
extending sight (and perhaps other senses) into the spirit realms or the lands of the

dead. Each of the spirit worlds requires a different ritual; Deny the Spirit Veil allows
the ephemerist to see into the natural spirit world (alsocalled the Umbra), while Deny
the Restless Veil grants vision into the Shadowlands, the decaying reflection of reality

that is haunted by wraiths. This ritual

asts for the duration of the scene. Sensation into
one of the other worlds by means of this magic does not preclude the ephemerist's use
of senses in the material world. That is, an ephemerist using this ritual to see into the
Shadowlands can still see in the living world as well

Dolor (Intermediate)

The use of Dolorallowsan ephemerist to strike an unruly or uncooperative spirit,
inflicting spiritual damage directly. Such an attack requires a Mental (not Social)
Challenge against the target spirit. Success indicates that the spirit suffers one level

of damage. Of course, it's always a good idea to make sure that you can defend yourself
from the counterattack of a given spirit if you decide

‘o.use this means of "persuasion."

Gossip (Intermediate)

By means of the spiritual "gossiping" rituals, an ephemerist spreads word among
various spirits known to her. Asalways, the ritual must be separately researched for use
with wraiths ornaturae. In either case, the ephemerist may choose tosendashort (one
sentence) message to any spirits known to her that are of the appropriate type.
Whether or not the spirits respond to this message in any fashion is, of course, up to
the spirits in question

Grasp Wraith (Intermed

e)
A specialized spiritual ritual can cause the ephemerist to become a focal point for
a wraith. This ritual causes the ephemerist to become a Fetter for the wraith for a
period of a week. In general, the wraith will try to protect the ephemerist, and it may
wait nearby just in case matters get out of hand. See Oblivion for more information
about wraiths and Fetters in Mind's Eye Th
Distant Call (Adv:

With a successful Social

nced)

Shallenge, you can call a spirit from the far realms of
existence. Most ephemerists deal only with wraiths in the Shadow!

nds which mirror
the living world, or with nature spirits in the Penumbra that likewise reflects the

mortal realm. This powerallows the medium tosend call out toaspirit that has passed
into farther realms (such as a wraith in the Tempest, or a spirit in the Deep Umbra),
although there is no guarantee that the spirit will answer the summons. Still, if the

ephemerist has dealt favorably with the spirit in the past, then the spirit is likely to
respond, if only out of curiosity.


5
—A_A_A_A_A__4_
vv

Sinarifite Ge |

owers.

BASIC
Seance
You open yourself to nearby spirits and can even get the attention of spirits with
which you are familiar, What the spirits do is up to them, though
Challenge makes them more predisposed to obeying you. You still need the appropri-
ate rituals to communicate with the sp

successful Social

's, of course, though in general, wraiths are
aware of you even if you don't notice them.

You also feel the presence of spirits just as if you possessed the Merit: Shivers. At
this level, you can only use rituals to call wraiths, or to Ward areas or to expel wraiths
with Forbiddance. You have no control over what (or whom), exactly, you summon.
Your difficulty forall Static Challenges of Ephemera is nine Traits, so it may tak
real work for you to accomplish anything.

some

Communion

Anephemerist at this basic level of developmenthasa rudimentary capability for
communication with spirits of all types. Although you must rely on cajoling and
compromise to gain favors from spirits, you are at least capable of seeing and calling

ona wide range of spirit entities.

You can use the additional Basic rituals of See Spirit and Call Spirit, even affecting
naturae at this level. You can learn Seal and Banishment so as to defend against nature
spirits, as well. Still, your difficulty for Static Challenges of Ephemera is eight Traits,

meaning that although your abilities are theoretically expansive, they are unreliable.

INTERMEDIATE

Spirit Influence

Yourmediumship talentsare well-developed, and when youcall, somethingalmost
always comes. Youc

n now injure spirits that cause you trouble, and your calling rituals
can now target specific spirits by name, instead of randomly attracting entities,

You can learn and use the rituals of Dolorand Gossip at this level of power, in addition
toall of the Basic rituals. Your difficulty for any Static Challenge of

iphemera is seven Traits.

Spirit Vision
*owerful in spirit, you are capable of compelling the obedience out of the spirits
that you summot

ou can even see across the wall between the material and spirit
worlds. Spirits know your nam

and they may even try to contact you for favors or
advice when you don't call on them directly.

At this level of power, you can learn the rituals of Grasp Wraith, Command
Spirit, and Deny the Veil, in addition toall of the other Basic and Intermediate rituals.
Your difficulty for all Static Challenges of Ephemera is only six Traits.

ADVANCED

Pierce the Veil

No spirit is beyond the reach of your power. Although you must be cautious in
your dealings with particularly powerful spirits, you

n send out me

es to spirits far

beyond the mortal realms. Weaker spirits may aid you simply to curry favor, but hostile
spirits

more likely to hunt you down, seeing you as a danger.

All ritu vailable to you at this level. Your difficulty for Static
Challenges of Ephemera is five Traits. You have truly mastered your craft

Is of Ephemera are


This path allows a magician to quell pain or even heal small injuries or illnesses.
Such healing is not an instant cure:

all; it takes a long time to treat an illness or injury,
and longer still for the patient to heal completely. (See Chapter Four for details on
accelerated healing.) Magical healers often have a strong sense of duty and compas-
sion, and the traumas of the World of Darkness can use up such people long before
their time. Each ailment treated costs one Humanity Trait and one Willpower Trait
to affect. This path cannot heal aggravated wounds.

HEALING RITUALS

Break Infections (Basic)

Separate from diseases, infections are conditions that result when an injury
becomes inflamed. Secondary infections claim the lives of most people with untreated
injuries, and without this ritual, infection may well set in if the healer doesn't manage
to repair other injuries rapidly enough

Cure Diseases (Basic)

A healer who specializes in curing disease can mitigate fevers and fight back the
symptoms of disease. Particularly powerful healers can even cure dangerous diseases
with a great deal of work. The healer's level of power determines what severity of
diseases may be cured

Heal Open Wounds (Basic)

These forms of ritual let the healer deal with damage in the form of surface injury:

Cuts, gunshots and abrasions all fall into this category,

Repair Internal Trauma (Basic)

Internal injuries, sprains and broken bones fall under the purview of this ritual.
The healer doesn't necessarily have to see the injury in order to cure it, and most such
injuries require a great deal of time to heal due to their severity, but the healer's
abilities can often help people injured in falls or collisions.
ic)

"Chronic ailments" include asthma, arthritis and diabetes. With this ritual, the

Treat Chronic Ailments (

healer can banish pain or fatigue resulting from such problems, or even cure them with
sufficient effort

BASIC

Soothing Touch

At this level of mastery, you have learned how to ease pains and treat
infections and diseases, Using a Soothing Touch on an appropriate injury alleviates
pain, so that the individual no longer suffers any wound penalties from the damage
(up to the Wounded Health Level) for the remainder of the scene. You cannot
actually speed the healing of injury, but you can keep the subject from suffering
through the process.

Minor Healing

You can treat any minor injury from a sprain toa flu with the appropriate rituals,
healing in less than the normal time. In game terms, your character can cause an
individual to heal from the Bruised Health Level at an accelerated rate. You must use
the appropriate ritual to speed the healing process; the Heal Open Wounds ritual will
not speed the healing of damage from a broken bone, for instance.

INTERMEDIATE

Restoration
With the right rituals, you can take care of fairly serious wounds and nasty colds
or fairly dangerous diseases like pneumonia. You can speed up the healing rate of any
injury up to the Wounded Health Level with the right ritu:

Additionally, you can
immediately bring an Incapacitated character to consciousness, and even help her
hobble about, although she still suffers the normal penalties from the injuries.

Major Hi

aling
Chronic diseasesare not beyond yourcare, although healing them takes hoursorweeks.

HI

Broken bones and severe trauma heal much faster than normal, and your touch banishes

bur the worst pain. You can speed the healing of any wounds up to the Incapacitated lev
as long as you have the proper rituals; such wounds heal at a greatly accelerated rate,

ADVANCED
Cure All
With effort, you can hold back deadly conditions — AIDS, cancer, meningitis, stroke
— though it takes a lot out of you and requires weeks of treatment. These diseases are sent
into remission, or their traumatic effects are lessened. Broken bones and major trauma heal
after only one to three weeks of care, and infection poses no risk as longas youare on the job.

To permanently cure deadly conditions, such as cancer, meningitis and even AIDS,

requires the expenditure of a perman

at Willpower Trait, and usually necessitates weeks
of care and treatment. As always, you must possess the appropriate rituals, so AIDS can

only be cured if you know the Cure Diseases ritual. You accelerate the rate of he:

ing for
anyone under your care, at any level of injury, although you can't bring back the dead.

HERBALISM

This path relies on the power inherent in elements and nature. By using the
proper ingredients, the sorcerer can brew potions, elixirs and salves with
amazing effects. Although Herbalism takes time and effort, the caster can often

stockpile potions for later use, much like the objects created with Enchantment
Herbalism rituals take the form of recipes that describe how to make potions with
certain effects. The effective level of the ritual is based on the power of the potion; a
potion that requires Intermediate Herbalism to brew uses an Intermediate ritual.
Brewinga potion requiresa Static Mental Challenge with a difficulty dependent on the
complexity of the brew. Potions take some time to create; asa general guideline, assume one
week for Basic elixirs, twowe:

for Intermediate elixirs,andone month for Advanced elixirs.
The success test should not be made until the brewing time is completed. Victims of malefic
potions may makea Physical Challenge in order toresistorthrow off the effectsof the potions.
Each potion should have its maker's number of Mental Traits recorded for this test.

BASIC

Poultices and Brew:

You can make herbal remedies that would never be considered magical. Your
potions can banish mild headaches and your salves can remove rashes. Although
weak, your potions can be used for a variety of effects if you are creativ

3 you can
duplicate just about anything that could be done with over-the-counter medicines
and chemicals. Your elixirs take some time (three turns/one minute) to take effect.
These Poultices and Brews have a creation difficulty of four Traits.


| Lavette

Minor Elixirs

Although potions and elixirs created with this level of ability seem far from

magical, their effects are certainly remarkable. Your "home remedies" can banish

hangovers, your potions can avert or ensure pregnancy and alter moods and your salves
can attract or repel insects or animals. Much of the material created with these elixirs

borders on the extraordinary. Your potions can duplicate anything that strong

medicines would accomplish, but with slightly greater efficiency. Minor
a creation difficulty of five Traits

INTERMEDIATE

Potent Concoctions

xirs have

Your herbal brews have reache

level of potency that is clearly unusual, even
noticeably supernatural. You can make potions that knock people unconscious,
induce rapid healing,

allow people subjected to deadly poisons to survive and place
people in hypnotic moods. Alll of your potions now take effect quite quickly (within
one turn/15 seconds). Potent Concoctions have a creation difficulty of six Traits.
Major Elixirs
Elixirs and brews of this level create unusual effects indeed. Your potions can add
one or two Traits fora scene, heal a Health Level of damage or numb pain so that the
drinker suffers no penalties from wounds. Major Elixirs have a creation difficulty of

seven 7

ADVANCED

Legendary Elixirs

The stuff of magical stories and tales — aphrodisiacs, instantly fatal poisons and
the like fall under this category. Although all of the effects of these concoctions
remain subtle, you can certainly grant two or three additional Traits with your elixirs
orallowa drinker access toa particular Basic supernatural power fora scene. Legendary
Elixirs have a creation difficulty of eight Tr

UMMONING, BINDING AND WARDING

Probably the most dangerous path of Sorcery, Summoning, Binding

ind Warding
allows a sorcerer to call and control creatures. Anything from small animals to
supernatural creatures may be subjected to this path. Naturally, the sorcerer had better

be prepared to back up his powers, as any bound creature that gets loose is likely to take
outits ire on its antagonist. Because of this danger, some sorcerers refuse to use Binding,
and instead simply Summon creatures and barter for services.

There are as many forms of Summoning, Binding and Warding as there are styles
of magic. Some of these spells are cast as prayers; others are done as elaborate ritual
ceremonies, while some sorcerers cast these magics with pagan blood rites. Regardless,
the effects are similar.

Rituals for Summoning, Binding and Warding come in variable levels of difficulty
A ritual's effective level is defined by the type of creature affected. Weak sorcerers can
only affect small animals, and the rituals used to do so are Basic. Extremely powerful
sorcerers, on the other hand, can even affect major supernatural beings, though they
must use Advanced rituals to do so. Refer to the individual levels of the path for
descriptions of what creatures may be affected; these listings also indicate the level of


ia
Now nae "fl oe

ritual necessary. Thus, a Summon Vampire ritual is Advanced because vampires can
only be affected by Advanced levels of this path, while a Bind Rats ritual is Basic. Each
type of creature requires a separate set of rituals. Needless to say, competent Summon-
ing, Binding and Warding of multiple types of creatures is difficult indeed.

SUMMONING, BINDING AND WARDING RITUALS
1 (Variable)

A Dismissal ritual attempts to force a creature away. The caster must make a
Mental Challenge against the targe

Dismi:

success indicates thar the target is compelled to
leave in peace. Nothing prevents the target from seekinga later vengeance, but for the

duration of the scene, the target must leave without attacking (although all bets are

off if the creature is attacked while exiting). A Dismissal ritual cannot be used after

a Major Binding ritual — get it right or suffer.

Minor Binding (Variable)

A Minor Binding is used to demand one task of a ser
expends a Humanity Trait and engages in a Social Challenge with the target creature.
If the sorcerer wins, then the target must fulfill one command for the wizard; if the

ant creature. The sorcerer

sorcerer fails, then the target is free to doas it pleases. Commands should be spelled out
asclearly as possible. Afterall, the victim will certainly look fora way toescape the letter
of the clause and to wreak vengeance on the wizard who would dare to compel it.

Storytellers may wish to restrict the commands from a Minor Binding to duties

that can be carried out in the course of the evening's play. Thus,
"seek out the

a Minor Binding to
nexhexeton, which has been lost for 600 years" would fail unless the

subject could definitively recover the item within the evening's play.

Major Binding (Variable)

This form of control pits the sorcerer into an extended challenge with the
opponent. The sorcerer must first spend a Humanity Trait to engage in the spell. The
players make a series of Social Challenge:

attempting to accumulate successes. When.
one side has gathered a number of successful tests equal to the opponent's permanent
Willpower, the ritual is complete. If the sorcerer succeeds in the Major Binding, then
he compels the subject to servitude until some contractual event, specified by the
caster, comes to pass. If the sorcerer fails, the subject of the ritual will doubtless take
out its frustrations on the would-be wizard.

The Storyteller may wish to restrict the conditions for use of Major Binding;
casting this ritual on another player's character and then setting lengthy conditions
("after a year and a day") can grate on the nerves of the victimized player, creating bad
feelings. It is recommended that Major Bindings only be usable on Narrator charac
ters, and even then, the conditions for escaping servitude should be ones that
met during the course of play (even if not in the same session).

Summoning (Variable)

Summoning rituals are complex spells designed to draw a creature into the
caster's presence. The caster must make a successful Social Challenge in order to
summon a target. If the ritual succeeds, then the target makes haste to arrive at the
wizards location, although it does so under its own power — a summoned creature
does not suddenly appear out of the air (unless that is within its powers). A ritual of
this sort can only summon a creature at a distance of one mile for e
Willpower Trait the caster possesses.

ach permanent


Warding (Variable)

Wise summoners protect themselves by means of Warding. Successfully cast

wards prevent the affected creatures from approaching the sorcerer. The sorcerer must

make a Mental Challenge with a difficulty determined by the nature of the creature
affected (se

the individual path levels). If the Warding ritual is successful, then the
creature may not come within three paces of the caster or even touch the caster. All
supernatural powers used by the creature against the sorcerer — Dominate, Blur of the
Milky Eye and so on — are muted; the sorcerer gains a Trait bonus on all challenges
against these powers, as described in the individual power levels.

BASIC

Invoke Vermin
You can call small swarms of vermin with this power. Rats, bats, birds and insects

are the limits of your magic. Each ritual that you cast affects three creatures of the

appropriate type, so a few castings of a
horde. Your Wardir

all challenges wher

Summoning ritual can quickly call a small

g has a one-Trait defensive strength, making you one Trait up on

defending against mystical powers of your summoned creatures
Summoning rituals for vermin have a five-Trait difficulty
Invoke Mammals

You can summon and control higher mammals and large animals with your

. Each ritual can affect two
creatures of the appropriate type, so you can easily garner multiple dolphins, dogs
wolves and the like. All of your Warding now has a two-Trait defensive strength, and

magic, compelling obedience with the proper ritual

your Summoning rituals for creatures of this type have a six-Trait difficulty

IVTER MEDIATE
Invoke Mankind

Your rituals affect true humans, beings capable of thought and independent

action, at this level. You cannot affect supernatural humans — ghouls, powerful
sorcerers and the like are still outside of your expertise. You can only affect one target
bit of hair
orsome other personal effect. All of your Warding rituals havea three-Trait defensive
strength, and Summoning for humans has a seven-Trait difficulty

Invoke the Touched

Expanding on yourability to bind and defend against humans, you can now hedge

ata time, and you need some sort of physical connection to the ta

ret —

out or command those humans who have been touched by the supernatural. Ghouls,

Kinfolk, kinain, familiars and others are within your range of power. You can only
affect one of these targets at a time, and you must use some sort of physical connection,
just as with humans. Your Warding rituals have a four-Trait defensive strength, and
Summoning for those touched by the strange has an eight-Trait difficulty.

ADVANCED

Invoke the Supernatural

Vampires, werewolves and faeries — all are within your power. You can even affect
magesand some types of earth-bound monsters. Youstill need a focus that ties into the being
in question, such as blood or a bit of fur. Still, your mighty magics can compel the most
dangerous of the supematural world. Your Warding grants five defensive Traits. Summoning
a true supernatural creature is extremely taxing, with a difficulty of nine Traits.

THEURGY

When members of the Society of Leopold possess any Numina beyond True

Faith, they refer to it as the

of Theurgy. For its advocates, it is merely another

manner of invoking the a

of Heaven, a sanctioned variant of n

detractors, it is still ma;

ic, and thus it is evil. The rituals are performed
manner, invoking the

e(s) of God, the Savior, Mary or various saints and ange

Theurgists have different names for each Numina path, which are referred to as

ways. Most of these forms of Theurgy are functionally equivalent to the other Numinae
previously listed

| |
THEURGIC WAY EQUIVALENT NUMINA

Via Ignis, the Way of Holy Fire (see text)

Via Medicamenti, the Way of Remedy Healing

Via Genoriam, the Dark Path Ephemera (spirit)
Via Necromantiae, Necromancy Ephemera (wraith)
Via Oraculi, the Way of Prophecy Divination

VIA TGNIS, THE WAY OF HOLY FIRE

The Inquisition calls on God's fire to punish the wicked, summon searing flames
to light the way in darkness and burn the faithless

he Via Ignis is functionally similar to Pyrokinesis, and that Numina should be
used, with a few changes kept in mind

he Via Ignis is limited to touch range and to objects that the Inquisitor holds.

The Inquisitor can cause his own hands to be wreathed in flame, or he can make a

weapon burst into flames. Missile weapons cannot carry the Holy Flame; the Inquisitor
must strike in hand-to-hand combat.

* Via Ignis, when used in combat, adds one Burning Trait at the Basic level, a
second Burning Trait at the Intermediate level and a total of three Burning Traits at
the Advanced level.

© The Inquisitor must still buy rituals for each type of weapon to be affected by
Via Ignis. Thus, casting Holy Fire over a sword requires a different ritual than invoking
Holy Fire arc

ind one's fist. h of these rituals is considered Basic

d's Fire allows the Inquisitor to inflict aggravated damage when using the
The Intermediate levels inflict a level of a

Basic le ravated damage in addition

toany damage from the weapon. The Advanced level scores an amazing two levels of

aggravated damage in addition to the weapon's normal dama

BENANDANTI RITUALS

With special training and the use of rituals passed on through the ages, an

individual born with a caul may learn the Benandanti way, developing the power to see
into and even travel within the Shadowlands. Though risky in the extreme, this form

of travel into the twilight realm of the dead promises the rewards of great knowledge.


powers. In general, any Benandante character can use the special rituals detailed

below, since the Benandanti pass their knowledge through families and bestow special
training to children born with cauls. Thus, any Benandante of moderate age will

certainly know how to perform all of the special powers of the Benandanti.

UNHOODING
The Unhooding is a ritual that marks the beginning of life for a Benandante

enerally, this ritual is performed by a blood-relative of a child born with a caul. The

sapienza, an older and more experienced Benandante, removes the caul before it dries and
worksspecial magics into it with this ritual. Once the Unhooding is performed successfully,
the caul may be used by the fledgling Benandante to perform the powers of Ekstasis.
The Unhooding ritual takes several hours to perform. Typically, the Benandante
performing the ritual removes the caul from the infant, then takes it to a safe place to
perform the ritual.

[though this ritual is of limited utility in game play, it is necessary
when creating new Benandanti. A child who was not Unhooded cannot use the
powers of the Benandanti. On the other hand, once the ritual is successfully
performed, it is permanent

EYELIDDING

By passing your caul in front of his face, you can attempt to see into the
Underworld. You must pass the prop representing your caul across your eyes, and then
expend a Willpower Trait. After you do so, you are able to peer into the Underworld
from your current position. Thus, if you are standing in an old building and you
perform this ritual, you can see the decaying and crumbling counterpart of that

building in the S

Shadowlands, as well as any wraiths that may be in the area.
Performing Eyelidding takes only a moment (a single turn), and the power lasts
for the duration of a scene.

EKSTASIS
True F

possess the powers of

n dusk and dawn. You must first

stasis may only be performed betw
Sphemera (see Sorcery), and you mus'

assume a dreamlike trance.
You must then perform a Mental Challenge with a difficulty of eight Traits, using your
‘aul as a focus — the ritual of

stasis cannot be performed without a caul

Should yousucceed in performing this ritual, yourbody remains motionless while
your spirit projects into the Shadowlands. There, you travel the world of the dead and
interact with wraiths, although you are not actually made of plasm and are therefore
immune to many wraith powers such as Moliate and Usury. Similarly, powers designed
specifically to.affect wraiths, including the vampiric Discipline of Necromancy and the
Sorcery path of Ephemera, cannot control you; youarea living spirit in the sunlit lands

After appearing in the Shadowlands, you must immediately make a Mental
Challenge to orient yourself. The difficulty for this challenge is six Traits. You must
make a similar challenge to return to your point of origin when leaving if you move

from the spot where you enter. If you fail on either of these challenges, you are trapped
in the Shadowlands, and you must find some other means of egress. Typically, the
Storyteller will fashion some alternate way of leaving, although it is difficult and

dangerous to find such a path.

The ties between the Sh

adowlands and the lands of the living are strongest at
ht. If daylight arrives at the location of your physical body while you are in the
Shadowland

your exit is compromised. You must find a new exit, as described

previously

In spirit form, you can travel to the deeper pa

ts of the Shadowlands, including
such dread areas as the Labyrinth and the Tempest. Beware of getting lost, though. A
small hospice full of comatose Benandanti awaits for those overconfident enough to
surpass their abilities.

see Obli

+ detailed information regarding the Shadowlands
FORGING THE FENNEL SWORD

A fennel sword is a powerful talisman that the Benandanti use for protection in the

Underworld. Built during Ekstasis in the Shadowlands, the fennel swords have the ability
tostrike

1nd injure wraiths, traveling in spiritual form with theirmastersin thespirit plane.
The sword is created by harvesting fennel from soil which has been seeded with

your caul ina Haunt (a place frequented by ghosts). The fennel must be harvested at
dawn of midsummer and wi

apped in the caul, then kept cold and away from sunlight
You then perform meditation for the entire day, returning to the site of the plot in the
evening. Here, the spirit of a dec

ased Benandante must be summoned as a guide
(most likely by using Ephemera), and you enter Ekstasis, as detailed previously, while
your head rests on the bushel of fennel. You take your caul and fennel (which appears
in the spirit world as well) and follow the spirit guide to-aspecial forge, where you must
build asword from ferro spettrale, aspirit-iron kept in safekeepingat the forge. You must
answer a series of questions put to you by the guide; failure indicates that the spirit-
guide destroys your caul, stranding you in the Underworld, while success allows you
to proceed with the forging

The sword must be built from ferro spettrale combined with the spiritual fennel.
This task is a series of Physical Challenges with a difficulty of six Traits, using the
Crafts Ability. You must accumulate five successful challenges in order to finish the
sword; failure on any challenge indicates that the sword is flawed, and work must begin

anew (even growing and harvesting new fennel). When the sword is ready, it must be
amed and plunged into a Nihil to cool; it is then empowered fora year. Each month
on the new moon after the first year, the sword must be plunged once more intoa Nihil

sO as to restore its powers, or else it must be reforged.
Once the spirit weapon is built, you can forge an actual, physical weapon around
it in the material world, which requires the same Physical Challenge as forging the

ghost-blade. The two become inextricably joined, and the physical sword is as magic
a weapon as the spiritual one.

See Chapter Four for information regarding the special powers of fennel swords.
Naturally, the forging and naming ofa fennel sword isa powerful e

nt, and Storytellers
should take advantage of the plot possibilities in constructing a story for such ritual



Gd Rules

CHAPTER FOUR:

SISTEMS

TIME

The clock ticks inexorably onward, especially in live-action games. Time that
passes in the real world also generally passes in play, so once the sun has set, hunters

had best be wary of vampires

To distinguish specific events in the game, Mind's Eye Theatre calls on certain

conventions. Some events require that time effectively be halted in the game while
Narrators or Storytellers resolve issues. Otheractions require that the game jump from
1 particular game time toa different section of game time. As longas the Narrators and
Storytellers keep track of continuity and make sure that the players are aware of any
discrepancies, the game will flow smoothly

TURN

When characters start getting involved in complex and detailed actions that
involve many challeng

, it's time to start using turns. A turn lasts about four seconds
of game time. In any given turn, each character may take one action (although some
special powers allow characters to act more than once in a turn). Some actions take
multiple turns to complete, like repairing a piece of delicate equipment. Other
actions, like speaking a short sentence, do not use up a character's turn at all. Once
everyone has taken an action, play proceeds to the next

ame turn.
In some cases, a character's action may be interrupted, or the character will be
forced to respond to events before taking his normal action. In sucha case, the charact

:
can defend himself, but taking any other action — counterattacking, running away,
activating special power— uses up his available action for the tum. Thus, ifa character
intends to punch an enemy but someone else attacks him first and he decides to punch


n't strike his
original target later in the turn (unless some special ability gives him extra actions)

back, he uses up his action immediately when counterattacking and

Ifa power affects a character for up to 15 seconds, it is assumed to work for four

turns when turn-based time is in effect. In normal roleplaying, such powers simply

work for their allotted periods of time.

DOWNTIME

Between games, a Narrator or Storyteller may

cide to pick up some "downtime." In
this time, players submit proposals foractivities that their characters attempt toaccomplish
that are not generally roleplayed. Characters can use Influence, engage in lengthy study or
research and resolve actions that are lengthy or ill-suited to live roleplaying,

The best way to handle downtime is to have the players submit their ideas and

requests to the Storyteller in written format. Then, the Storyteller can go over the
various actions between games. At the next game session, the Storyteller may
announce the results of the actions to the players, or simply provide short written
summaries detailing the outcomes.

CHALLENGES

Any time something happens in the game where the outcome is in doubt, or

when an event cannot be handled through pure roleplaying, a challenge is required.

Challenges resolve the outcome of fights, unreliable powers and instances where a
player wishes to attempt a task for which the character is suited but the player is not.

USING TRAITS

The Attribute Traits of a character define her limits and capabilities. Entering

achallenge often requires the expenditure of one or more Tr
with the

‘amiliarize yourself

raits listed in Chapter Two; aside from describing a character, such Traits
also delineate what a character can do.

INITIAL BID

The challenge b

Trait

ns when a player declares the use of a particular

associated with an action or condition. The defender must either relent, or bid:
in order to respond,

rait

The Traits used in the challenge should correspond to the type of test involved, That
is,a player should use Physical Traits if her character is attacking with ar.
Traits when attempting to convince

pier and Social
another character of something. In most cases, both

parties will use the same type of Tr

fle

its. Experienced players may allow for a little more
ibility, but this flexibility should only be allowed with the consent of all parties involved,

Once the Traits are bid, the players proceed toa test. If the defender relents, she
does not risk a Trait, but auton

ically suffers the effects described by the terms of the
challenge. Similarly, if the defender does not have

1 appropriate Trait, she must
automatically relent, losing the challenge immediately. If both parties bid sufficient

raits, they proceed to a test, in which the winner achieves his goals while the loser

suffers the effects and temporarily loses the Trait he bid.

JU stéms Sd Riles

TESTING

Once players risk Traits to attempta challenge, they proceed toa test. By testing,
they determine a random outcome, influenced by the capabilities of their chi

acters.
The parties involved play Rock-Paper-Scissors to resolve the outcome. In such a test,
either one party will win or the participants will tie

If one player wins, the loser suffers the conditions of the test (gets stabbed, is
convinced of a lie, ete.) and temporarily loses the Trait he bid. In the case of a tie,
check the total number of Traits each participant has; the player whose characterstill

has the most Traits wins the challenge. Remember to use the current number of Traits,
asa character who has suffered several recent losses will have temporarily lost some
Traits. Flaws or special circumstances also lower the number of Traits available to a
character; use the adjusted total Traits to resolve the tie

You may lie about the number of Traits that you possess in a tie, though you may only
declare fewer Traits than you actually have. Doing so allows you to conceal your true
capabilities, but rememberthat you risk losing the challenge if youdon'tuse enough Traits.

The challenger always declares Traits first in resolving a tie. If both players
declare the exact same number of Traits, then the defender wins, but both parties lose
the Traits they bid.

Example of Play: Agent Spencer has caught up to a particularly vicious vampire,
who decided not to fre

when ordered, Beinga suspicious sort, Agent Spencer decides
to fire on the recalcitrant suspect with his service revolver ("I Quickly take aim and fire
several rounds from my revolver at your retreating back!"), The vampire, Eddie the
Brujah, simply wants to avoid this pesky mortal, and he bids a Trait to keep going ("I'm

too Tough for a couple of slugs to slow me down."). The two players proceed toa test, and
both of them throw Paper. Agent Spencer has a total of seven Physical Traits available,
but Eddie only has six. Eddie loses his Tough Trait and also suffers a wound from the
bullets. Doubtless, the damage to the leather jacket will annoy the

ampire sufficiently
to cause him to stay and fight. Agent Spencer had better have more bullets.

ROCK-PAPER-SCISSORS

If, for some strange reason, you are unfamiliar with the game of Rock-Paper-
Scissors, you might want to consider re:

mining your childhood. To play, you choose
one of three hand signs to indicate a selection: Rock is a closed fist, Scissors is a hand
with the first two fingers extended and spread apart and Paper isa flat and open hand.
Compare your symbol with your opponent's to determine the victor. Rock crushes
Scissors, Scissors cut Paper and Paper covers Rock. kdentical signs indicate a tie.


ADJUDICATION

When the result of a challenge is in doubt, call on the services of a Narrator for

assistance. It's best to remain in character while looking for a Narrator. Try not to

interrupt the flow of the game. Since time marches inexorably onward, it's bad form
to hold up a scene for 15 minutes while looking fora Narrator to get a concrete ruling.
y.

Often, it's simpler just to go with the story, and let improvisation guide the we

When a character failsa particular Mental or Social Test, the character generally
can'tattempt the same test against the same person for at least five minutes (and time
spent arguing with a Narrator doesn't count). Some powers specify differently, but
assume that this rule holds true if not otherwise noted. Thus, a psychic who tries to

use Telekinesis to liftan object, but fails the Static M

ental Challenge, must wait for five
minutes before trying to lift the object again. Similarly, if an agent attempts to
convince someone to help him (witha Social Challenge) but fails, the agent must wait
for five minutes before attempting to convince the person again in the same way.

COMPLICATIONS

Naturally, quite a few additional situations can complicate matters during 4
challenge.

Although the flow of the story is always important, some fairly common

adjuncts to the normal challenge procedure follow.

NEGATIVE TRAITS

If youhave deducedan opponent's Negative Trait, you may bid that Trait in addition
to your own. This means that your opponent must risk an additional Trait before the test.
If you are wrong about your opponent's Negative Trait, you must risk an additional Trait
of yourown. Youmay work as many Negative Traitsas desired into yourtest, but be careful,
becauise you must cover your bets if your opponent doesn't have the Traits that you call.

If an additional Trait is not av:

able, you may still test, but if you win your
opponent does not lose the Trait he risked. If multiple Negative Traitsare brought into
play and you cannot match them, your opponent gains that many bonus Traits in the
event of a tie, making resolution in his favor much more likely.

Example of Play: Agent Spencer now has an enraged vampire charging at him.
Fumbling to reload his revolver, he is attacked by the bare-handed Cainite ("I
Ferociously grab you by the throat and heave you into the air!"), Spencer tries to
backpedal, buying time to reload ("1 Nimbly step back and out of your reach.").
Spencer's player has been shadowing this Brujah vampire for some time, though, and
suspects that the vampire is still a little bit damaged from an old war wound acquired

during his mortal days ("Your old injuries make you too Decrepit to catch me.").
Spencer's investigations are accurate; the Brujah does indeed possess the Negative
Trait Decrepit, and Eddie's play
to grapple with the FBI agent.

OVERBIDDING

Overbidding allows a supremely experienced and competent hunter to crush
more feeble prey. After all, Sullivan Dane with his eight Mental Traits should far
outmatch a department store clerk with three. Overbidding lets confident character

r must now risk an additional Trait if he still wishes

inst an initial loss to a le

-powerful opponent


—A_A_A_A_~A_4_|
memes Rls

Using Overbids
Once you've resolved a test, the loser has the option of calling for an overbid. In
order to do so, the loser must risk an additional Trait. Then, both parties re
numberof T

al their
aits, starting with the player who called forthe overbid. If the initial loser
hasat least twice as many Traits as his opponent, then he may make a new challenge,
the results of which supersede the previous challenge.

Should your overbid fail, you still lose the challenge and you also lose the
onal Trait risked. If the overbid is successful, then the overbidder loses the
Trait he risked in the first challenge but not the Trait for the overbid, while the
opponent loses the Trait he bid initially, Additionally, a successful overbid turns the
tables on the initial challenge, and the results of the overbid count instead. Note

that an overbid can only be called immediately after losing a challenge. You cannot

addi

lose a challenge, spend an hour continuing play, then call for an overbid to reverse
the previous effects.

Example of Play: Agent Spencer manages to back away from the enraged
vampire assaulting him, so Eddie changes his attack. Eddie's player declares that his
character is using the Presence power of Dread Gaze, in order to make the FBI agent

fear him ("Iam too Commanding for you to resist my wrath — bow down in terror!").

Spencer, naturally, tries to resist with his FBI composure ("Your unholy powers can't
affect someone as naturally Charismatic as me."). The two test, and Eddie loses.
However, the Brujah vampire is quite socially adept, and the player suspects that the
FBI agent is not so well-developed. Eddie's player risks an additional Trait and calls
foran overbid ("Lam too Intimidating for any mere mortal to resist!"). Spencer's player
doesn't need to risk another Trait, so they make a second test. They tie, and a
revelation of Traits shows that Eddie has eight Social Traits while §
three. Spencer isaffected by the power. The FBI agent drops his gun and flees in terror,
in addition to losing his initial Trait of Charismatic. Eddie loses his initial Trait of
Commanding as well, but he wins the final challenge.

STATIC CHALLENGES

A Static Challenge involves only one player, who tests

Spencer only has

inst a Narrator or the
Storyteller. Static Challenges come into play when a character tries to use his Abilities

to affect some object or event. A researcher uses a Static Mental Challenge in
conjunction with the Linguistics Ability, for instance, to interpret a book written in
astrange language, while a $

ic Physical Challenge with the Security Ability might
be required to bypass an electronic lock. The diffic
of Traits, to which the character compares his Trait te

[ty of the challenge isa set number

al in the case ofa tie. You can
overbid normally in a Static Challenge, but the Narrator may call for an overbid if a
particularly recalcitrant object resists your efforts.

In some eases, a Storyteller may simply leave a note on an object, detailing its
Traits in case of a common test. This note should have the effective number of Traits
associated with the object and a comment about any required Abilities.

Use of some special powers, like Psychic Phenomena, m:

y require a Si
Challenge. In this case, the player is not necessarily testing against an object or event,

atic

but rather is making a test to see if he can successfully activate the power at all. The

individual power descriptions (in Chapter Three) tell the Trait difficulties involved
in using such powers.

SIMPLE TE

A Simple Test isa challenge in which no Traits are risked. Generally, the player

makes a quick Rock-Paper-Scissors test (which succeeds if the character wins or ties)
with another individual. Some Simple Tests require a win (no ties) to succeed; these
exceptions are noted

RETEST:

Certain Traits grant retests. A retest allows the player to ignore the first results
of a challenge and test

n the specific rules

gain for a new result, Retests are most commonly gained
through the use of Abilities. In general, expending an Ability Trait in an appropriate
situation allows one retest

Multiple retests can be made on a given challenge, but only if they come from
different sources. Thus, it's legal to retest a Firearms challenge once with the

irearms
Ability and then again with the Merit: Luck, but two levels of Firearms could not be
used ro gain multiple retests on the same challenge.

Retests can be canceled by an opponent who is able to match the conditions
of the retest. Thus, ifa player uses Melee to retest when striking with a sword, the
opponent can also expend a level of Melee (provided he has that /

bility, of course)
in order to cancel the retest and force the attacker to accept the results of the
original test. Alternately, the opponent could wait to see if the retest succeeds,
and then call for an additional retest with his own Melee Ability. This tactic holds
the Ability in reserve, but risks losing on the successive retest if the attacker
succeeds on his first retest

Ex ddie the vampire tries to put Agent Spencer into an arm lock
("I Brutally yank your arm around behind you."), while the good agent scrambles to
escape ("I Quickly evade your grasp and stagger back out of your reach.") The two
performa test, and Eddie loses. However,

ample of Play,

ddie isan exceptional close-combat fighter
("am too skilled in a Brawl to let you get away so easily!"), and he calls for a retest
The two test again, and this time Eddie wins. $

pencer winds up in a nasty crunch
Spencer counters Eddie's attack by firing his gun point-blank into Eddie's gut
("With Determination, I shoot you in the stomach." ). E

idie tries to absorb the damage
TT GEY ARMS TERRE
WHY DON'T ABILITIES ADD TO TRAITS?

Since Abilities reflect greater aptitude for particular areas of skill, it
makes sense for them to add to Trait pools when determining the results of
challenges. Losing Abilities, however — forgetting how to do something
once you've done it — doesn't make much sense.

Abilities grant retests instead of additional Traits as a means of separat-
ing them mechanically from Attributes. Otherwise, Abilities would really be

no different from Attributes. Additionally, the system of retests allows for

some flexibility in the outcome of challenges. A highly skilled character is

much more likely to succeed in challenges, even when he tests against a

ttributes. Ultimately, this system makes Abilities and
Attributes different enough to represent highly different capabilities.

character with better /

again ("I'm too Relentless for that to slow me down!"), and the two perform a new test.
Spencer loses, and calls for a retest with Firearms ("My FBI training in Firearms is too
good for me to miss at that range!"). Eddie immediately cancels the test with Dodge
("I Dodge and weave so quickly that your training doesn't help!) and no retest is

d.

performed. Spencer misses Eddie, and he very likely loses his h

RELENTING

Atany point before the test, either player may acquiesce and accept defeat in the
challenge. Though yor

automatically lose the challenge, you do not lose the Trait you
risked. If the challenge is not particularly important (or if you think that losing would

be fun to roleplay), relenting enables you to save your Traits, as well as making the
game run more smoothly.

BONUS TRAITS

Ww ial abilities can give a character the edge ina test. You
add the bonus Traits to your total number of Traits to determine ties when using a
special Ability. Thus, if you have the Merit: Ability Aptitude (Computers), youhave two
additional Traits when determining the results of ties in that area.

ORDER OF CHALLENGES

Since multiple challenges may be happening simultaneously in any given fight,

apons and some spe

the Narrator will need to know who attacks first and acts last. The system for
determining this order is quite simple.

ach person involved in a given game turn
checks the number of current Traits appropriate to the action being attempted. Thus,
a character trying to stake a vampire would use Physical Traits to determine speed,
while a character casting a spell would probably use Mental Traits, even if the spell
only requires a Static Mental Challenge. If an action does not require any sort of Trait
challenge, then it occurs last in the turn. Characters with equal numbers of Traits
should be assumed to go

"simultaneously," although for resolution purposes the
Narrator will need to simply choose one to act first.

Sometimes, a character with a high number of Traits will attack a character with
fewer Traits, who will decide tostrike back. In this case, the character with fewer Traits
resolves his action in the same test with the faster character, but in doing so, he loses
the ability to take any other aggressive action for the turn —he uses up his one action
with the counterattack

Example of Play: Eddie, the angry vampire, attempts to strike Agent Spencer
again. Unfortunately for Eddie, Officer Walkerton has just arrived on the scene, and
he is charging to attack Eddie from behind in an attempt to pull him away from
Spencer. Eddie has six Physical Traits left; Officer Walkerton has eight (he's been
working out since character creation). Officer Walkerton leaps at Eddie ("I Ferociously
grab you from behind and toss you off Spencer!"), while Eddie counters with a nasty
backhand ("I Quickly swing my fist around and crush

you before you can get a grip on
my jacket."). They perform a test, and Walkerton loses; he suffers one level of damage
from Eddie's attack and fails to move the Brujah. However, now that Eddie has
attacked, he can no longer throttle Spencer — he's already taken his action. Spencer's
player declares for his action that he's crawling away, and Eddie can'tstop him because
he's too busy with Walkerton.


Laws é the Hint

THE MOB SCENE

Note: The rules for mass combat here are sli
published ver:
priate changes.

thtly different from previously

ions in Mind's Eye Theatre. Familiarize yourself with the appro-

Hunters tend to work in groups, and their supernatural victims often do the
same. Since large gatherings may well come into conflict, a quick system of
resolution is necessary for large battles. These rules are helpful in. resolving
situations where many people attack one, or when one individual uses a power on
several adversaries

First, decide who is challenging whom. The easiest way to do so is to count to

three, with everyone pointing to the person being victimized at the end of the count

If there are no cases of multiple people attacking one individual, then you can
resolve all of the challenges normally

ya group bids an appropriate Trait or Traits for the challenge. The group can

Deal with groups from largest to smallest first, just for ease of play.

include up to five individuals; group dynamics prohibit assaultingan individual with
a larger force (although the Storyteller or Narrator may make an exception for

particularly large or small targets).

Next, the defender must bid enough Traits to counter every attacker in the group.
If the defender does not have enough Traits, then he must relent to some or all of the
attackers, although he can choose to whom he relents. Resolve the effects of such
attacks normally; the defender may well fall before the rest of the group can attack.

Finally, the defender and attackers engage in one simultaneous test. The

defender then compares his challenge against each of the individual attackers'
challenges, applying the appropriate results. Thus, ifa defender throws Rock and his
attackers throw Rock, Paper and §

issors, the defender is considered to have tied the
first attacker (resolved like any other tie), lost to the second attacker and defeated
the third attacker. The defender and attackers lose the Traits bid in any given loss
If the defender in the previous example had bid one Trait against each attacker, he

would have lost a Trait for the one challenge he lost, and an additional Trait if he

had lost the tie as well.

Once the tests have been made, they are resolved in the normal order of actions
and initiative. A defender may lose Traits due to the first few attackers and then lose
a tie to an attacker later in the same mob challenge. That's all right — the first
al

power allowing him to take multiple actions, he can only choose to affect one of the

attackers "softened up" the defender. However, unless the defender has a spec

attackers, and it must be one who has lost a challenge. If none of the attackers lose,
then the defender simply suffers the results of their actions.

When the defender ina mob scene uses Abilities or other tactics to gain retests,

each attacker's challenge is treated as a separate test. Thus, a defender needs (for
example) five Brawl Abilities in order to retest against five separate opponents in
unarmed combat.

Obviously, it pays to avoid engaging multiple opponents.

Systéms vf Riles

HEALTH

Hunting the supernatural isa dangerous occupation, and someone isbound to get
hurt along the way. Health Levels track the amount of damage that a character
sustains and represent the penalties and problems of injury
A character begins Healthy, but various effects —combat, hostile magic, bad luck
cause injury. In gene

al, most combat challenges result in one Health Level of

damage, though some particularly vicious attacks inflict more. When the character
sustains one level of damage, move to the next level on the Health Level chart.
a Healthy char

Thus,

cter who suffers a level of damage becomes Bruised, and another level

of damage would cause the character to become Wounded. All penalties from injury are
cumulative. Thus, a Wounded character suffers the penalties of being Bruised, as well

* Bruised — A Bruised character has only suffered a small amount of injury. At
this level, the character is possibly scraped up a bit, or he may be suffering from a flesh
wound or two. A Bruised character suffers slightly from injury and fatigue, and must

risk an additional Trait in any challenge. Thus, entering

any challenge — even

defending — requires the expenditure of at least two Traits,

* Wounded — At this level of injury, the chara

\cter suffers from fairly significant
damage. The character may have a couple of nasty bullet wounds, substantial burns

orblunt trauma. A Wounded character automatically loses all ties, regardless of Traits;

if the character has a power that normally allows him to win all ties, then ties are
resolved normally by Traits. Worse still, if the character has fewer Traits than his
opponent, his enemy gets. free additional test. This additional test is not a retest, but
an actual extra action (although powers which grant multiple actions do not multiply
this follow-up challenge

it's one test and one test only).

* Incapacitated — An Incapacitated character is out of the picture. He may be
suffering from major internal injuries, or perhaps he's been horribly mauled by the
claws of an enemy. An Incapacitated character is completely unconscious for 10
minutes after receiving the incapacitating injury, and he cannot move or enter
challenges even after regaining consciousness. An Incapacitated character can do
little more than speak quietly. Without some sort of supernatural aid, the character
can do nothing else until at least one Health Level has healed

* Mortally Wounded — Bleeding profusely and suffering from shock, a Mortally
Wounded individual has little time left. Mortally Wounded characters do not regain
consciousness normally. Instead, the character losesa Physical Trait every 10 minutes.
Once the character runs out of Physical Traits, he dies. Only the assistance of someone
with the Medicine Ability can halt this inexc character will not even
begin to heal unless he is treated by magic ot full hospital resources.

HEALING

Unlike their supernatural foes, mortals heal slowly, and they may suffe
debilitating and lasting effects from injuri

able loss, and the

Although some types of magic spe
healing, mortals generally need bed rest or even hospital care ro survive the effects
of serious injury


aws of the Hin

Some powers, such as the werewolf Gift Mother's Touch, h
Obviously, these pow

al wounds instantly.
s are of great assistance to mortals. Other capabilities, such

as the Sorcery path of Healing, simply accelerate the speed of natural recovery.
Either way, the mortal will definitely wish to avail himself of whatever services are
available in healing quickly. A bed-ridden cripple can hardly defend himself from
vampires, after all.

RECOVERY

With proper care and rest, it takes one day to heal from Bruised to Healthy, a week

to heal from Wounded to Bruised and a month to heal from Incapac

ated to
Wounded. Characters heal from Mortally Wounded at the Storyteller's discretion,

and they will recover with a new Negative Physical Trait (such as Decrepit, Delicate,
Lame or Sickly). /
Wounded character needs to spend a week healing to Bruised, and then another day
healing to Healthy.

mortal must heal through each level of injury separately; a

Characters recover from wounds between sessions or stories. If a magical power
(such as the Sorcery path of Healing) is used to speed recovery, the character heals at
the next faster rate — thus, a Wounded character would heal to Bruised in a day with
accelerated healing. A Bruised character heals after 10 minutes of rest if accelerated
healingis used.

Jote: Accelerated healing methodsare not cumulative. An Incapaci-

tated character treated by someone with Healing and the Medicine Ability h
faster than if one or the other was used.)

DISEASE AND INFECTION

Mortals, frail creatures that they are, must cope with the possibilities of disease
and infection. It's difficult to fight the unliving when you've got a nasty case of the flu,
and as if supernatural claws weren't bad enough, there's always the possibility of those
lovely suppurating wounds.

Of course, disease and infection are fa

irly incidental to play, but they can provide

a new and looming threat for mortals. Additionally, incorporating disease and

infection gives all the more reason for hunters to study Healing and Medicine and
provides some interesting story possibilities for CDC hunters.

DISEAS

Characters generally catch diseases through exposure to tainted material and

unsanitary conditions. Since hunters spend a lot of their time wandering through
graveyards and crawling in sewers, disease is a very real danger.

Mortal characters should only need to worry about disease if the Storyteller
ides to make an issue of it. There are no hard-and-fast rules for getting sick; a

Storyteller might have

de
ach player make a Static Physical Challenge to avoid disease
after wandering through a particularly nast

ind refuse-strewn location, or after

coming into contact with virulent foes. (Animated rotting corpses, diseased mon-

strosities and leprous street dwellers are all staples of horror fiction, after all).

Once a character is diseased, the Storyteller should determine the disease's
severity. Minor diseases like colds are nothing more than a nuisance, but more serious

afflictions can threaten a hunter's life.


Mild Diseases

A mild disease is uncomfortable but not completely incapacitating. Mild diseases
typically cause the character to suffer from the Negative Traits of Sickly, Repugnantand
Oblivious. Mild diseases last for about a week, although a skilled healer can rid the
character of the symptoms in a day (by using Healing or Medicine), Mild diseases might
include a nasty cold, a sinus infection or a mild flu

Serious Disea

ses

Serious diseases carry the risk of permanent damage, but they are usually
surmountable with rest and some medication. A hunter suffering from a serious disease
may well be completely incapacitated by the symptoms, and he is likely to havea great
deal of difficulty even with everyday activities. Serious diseases afflict a character with

the same Negative Traits as mild diseases, and they cause the character to lose one

Health Level while suffering from the disease. Thus, a normal mortal suffering from
aserious disease is automatically at least Bruised for the duration of the disease. Serious

diseases generally last for a month, though a skilled healer can clear up the symptoms

with a week of care and rest. A serious disease that is untreated that is, if the
skilled healer — generally leaves the
ative Physical Trait such as Lame or Decrepit, thou

character survives without the assistance of
character with a Ne

t makes the character Repugnant. Furthermore, a character who

some may
cause scarring th

suffers from a serious disease and remains untreated must win or tie a Simple Test to.
avoid death. Pneumonia, smallpox and malaria are examples of serious diseases.
Deadly Diseas

Deadly disease:

es

aregenerally fatal ifuntreated, and they may even killacharacterwho
has medical assistance. Deadly diseases are completely incapacitating; a hunter suffering

satall for the duration of the disease. Without
medical assistance, characters with deadly diseases recover only at the Storyteller's

adeadly disease cannot enter challeng:

discretion. Characters who are treated with magical remedies or medical assistance might
recover after a full month of rest and care. In either case

Simple Test is required for each
month in which the character suffers from the disease; if the test is tied or failed, the

character dies. Deadly diseases include typhoid fever, hepatitis and Ebola Zaire.

INFECTIONS

Hunters are in a dangerous line of work, and they are likely to suffer injury from
their prey. Worse still, a hunter often can't risk going toa hospi

too many awkward
questions could easily lead to arrest or commitment in a mental facility, Asa result,
hunters often have to rest at home and take their chances with wound recovery
Combined with the wide variety of often dangerous or dirty environments in which
hunters fight, infection of wounds is a constant threat

A hunter risks infection any time he suffers a wound in a_ particularly filthy
environmentand doesn't subsequently receive treatment. A Storyteller may (but does not
have to) call fora Simple Test, with failure indicating that a wound has become infected.

An infected wound does not heal normally. Inst

ad, at the end of any period of
healing time, the player must make another Simple Test. Success indicates that the
infection has cleared up and the hunter can continue to heal normally (although the
wound does not actually heal at this time); failure means that the infection worsens
and the character suffers another Health Level of dam:

The infection continues,


and the character must test again once the requisite time has passed. For instance, if
a hunter suffers one wound, dropping to the Bruised Health I
Failure would cause the character

tosuffer another level of injury, dropping to the Wounded Health Level, while success

vel, and subsequently

receivesan infection, the player must testaftera day.

would mean that the infection has cleared up so the character can heal normally. This
system simulates the fact thata bad infection takesa while to get much worse, but that
a nasty infection also takes a while to heal.

A character who does not get rest automatically suffers degradation from infected
wounds. Thus, if a hunter suffers a from Bruised wound and gets infected, he
automatically drops to the Wounded Health Level after a day if he does not rest

Proper treatment can help to clear up infections. Medical attention from a
character with the Medicine Ability or the appropriate Healing powers can defeat
infection without a test once the character has rested for the requisite amount of time.
Thus, a hunter at the Wounded Health Level must rest for a week before his infection
clears up,

but under medical care, no test is necessary; the infection heals automatically.

Accelerated healing does not speed the rate at which infections heal, it simply
A Wounded character with an infection must therefore rest
for a full week to clear up an infection, even if magi:

COMBY

Seeing as how hunters tend to go out of their way to stalk and destroy their

assures eventual healing

al or skilled healing is used

supernatural opponents, combat is practically an inevitability. Combat runs under the
usual system for challenges, with only a few simple modifications

Combat proceeds with tests, just like any other sort of challenge. However,
special weapons and equipment can substantially affect the course of the battle, as may
environmental conditions. Combat should always be conducted in turns unless you
agree to simply role-play out the results; using turns gives every participant a fair
chance to take actions.

The usual form of combat is as a series of Physical Challenges, with the winner

injuring the loser. However, such is not always the case; one combatant may choose

to injure the defender, while the defender may simply wish to escape. You can do just
about anything: A combat challenge's resul

could range from simply striking or

grappling an enemy to throwing someone out of a window (through narrative

description, of course, not actual defenestration).

SURPRISE

Ifa player does not respond within three

econds of receiving

the character is considered surprised. Such a character is distracted or otherwise

doesn't notice what's going on, and he has a harder time responding. Surprise is only

ly hear the challenger; sneak:

legal if the player could norm

ng around whispering

challenges and then declaring surprise is unfair and illegal.

surprised character may only defend against a given challenge. The attacker may
strike normally, of course, but the defender can neither counterstrike nor esc
ofthe test; he merely stavesoff harm, Furthermore, the

pe asa result

tacker in asurprise challenge may
immediately follow up with a normal action; the defender does not have the opportunity

to perform another action, although he handles his second action normally

_A_A_A_A_A_4_|
—_—_— TY

Once a surprise action has been resolved, combat continues normally, and the
defender may attack, escape, use special powers or otherwise respond within his
capabilities,

COVER
Obviously, hand-to-hand combat can only occur when combatants are within arms'
reach of each other. Firearms combat can occur at distances, as longa the opponents can

see one another and successfully fire an appropriate weapon across the intervening
distance. Someone out of range or completely behind cover cannot be hit, An attacker
must move to a position where he can see and reach his opponent if he wishes to attack
someone completely undercover. Conversely, acharacter hidingbehind cover cannot fire
through that obstruction. If you're crouching behind a brick wall, you can't shoot your

opponent through the wall any more than he can shoot you through the same

Ifa combatant has partial cover, he can claim one Trait of cover when resolving
ties and overbids. Cover of this nature also counts ifa character ducks for safety then
pops up to shoot the opponent. The enemy can still counterattack, but the return fire
is slightly more difficult. At the option of a Narrator, some significant cover may be
worth two additional Traits; i

character ducks behind a car and only her head and
hands are exposed, her cover is worth significantly more Traits than if she is standing
behind a tree.

DARKNESS

When night falls, the vampires come out, and so do the people who hunt them.
Unfortunately, darkness makes battle difficult at best. Characters without proper
means of seeing, whether supernatural or mundane, suffer problems when fighting or
performing precision tasks in the dark

Partial darkness, such as fighting on a dim night, imposes a two-Trait penalty to
all actions. Of course, if both parties

e in the darl

, this penalty doesn't matter, but
ifone charactercan see well and the other only has dim outlines to goby, the character
with better vision has a clear ad

tage. This penalty applies to ties and overbids, but
it does not force a character to risk additional Traits. A character with Acute Sense
(Vision) or Acute Sense (Hearing) suffers only a one-Trait penalty in challenges in
partial darkness. Additionally, each level of the Blindfighting Ability allows a character
tonullify one Trait of this penalty, so two levels of Blindfightingcompletely remove the
penalty for fighting in darkness.

Total darkness occurs when a character is in a pitch-black environment, like an
enclosed cellar without a light source, Because of the complete inability to sense his
surroundings, the character suffers a two-Trait penalty to all challenges, and must
automatically retest any successful challenge once. Again, if two characters are
battling in pitch blackness, these penalties will cancel out, but ifone character has a
means of seeing in the darkness, then his opponent will be at a severe disadvantage.
Acharacter with Acute Sense (Hearing) can track his opponent by sound, and hesuffers

only a one-Trait penalty in total darkness, although he is still forced to take a retest
lenges. Acute Sense (Vision) is of no help in this situation. The
Blindfighting Ability removes the Trait penalty as described for part
additionally the ct

on all successful
jal darkness, but
uracter may use Blindfighting to negate the retests called for in the
event of a successful challenge.


EQUIPMENT

No hunter survives long without the tools of his trade. Proper preparation is
essential to a successful hunt, and the right equipment is necessary to even stand a
chance of fighting the supernatural. Hunters can even the odds against their
supernatural foes by using a wide variety of weapons, armor and special gear — much
of which is unavailable through normal channels or simply incomprehensible to

supernatural creatures who aren't grounded in the modern world.

WEAPONS
No real weapons are ever allowed in Mind's Eye Theatre games.

Weapons improve the capabilities of a combatant, granting additional Traits and
allowing an attacker to use different maneuvers,

ch weapon should be represented
with a simple card, which details the capabilities of the weapon in question. Weapons
typically inflict a sing

¢ Health Level of dame

although in actuality the damage is
cter getting shot in the head at point-blank
range may immediately drop to Incapacitated ifthe attack is successful, simply due to the
brutal nature of the damage. Actual weapons or non-functional props should never be
used; there are simply too many possible accidents and le

determined by mutual agreement —a chara

al entanglements.

Weapons grant bonus Traits to their wielders. Most weapons grant anywhere
from one to three Traits, and they have some sort of Negative Trait that serves as a

drawback to the item in question. When striking with a weapon, you cannot bid the
weapon'

raits, but you may add them to your total numberof Ti
fora tie or an overbid.

tswhen comparing

Opponents may use the Negative Traits of a weapon against you just like other
Negative Traits. If you're usinga pistol, the opponent may call out the Negative Trait Loud,
foreing you to bid an additional

Frait for your shot. Conversely, if an opponent calls out
an incorrect Negative Trait, then he must expend an additional Trait to defend. You can
ignore the penalties of Negative Traits if you take the proper time to set up your attack;
a silencer, for instance, could muffle your pistol and eliminate the Negative Trait Loud
Keep in mind that the Negative Traits of a weapon may represent more trouble than the

simple description provided by the Trait; using a gun in an empty lot does not mitigate the
F ig

Loud Trait, for example, because the gun's noise and recoil ar

CONCEALABILITY

Each weapon has a concealability rating. If you do not have sufficient cover or

still disorienting.

clothing toconceal your weapon, then you must display the weapon card prominently,
either by pinning it to your shirt or holding it in your hand. This indicates to all

onlookers that you are actually holding the weapon or that you have it slung over your

back or shoulder. If you have sufficient concealment to hide the weapon, you may
simply put the appropriate card into your pocket, drawing it when desired,

AVAILABILITY

Gettinga hold of a weapon may take some serious torque. Although anyone can
buya butcher knife ora bi

ball bat, a fully automatic assault rifle ora combatshotgun
isanother matter entirely. Some weapons are available to anyone with the money and
the time. Most firearms require some sort of registration, but getting it typically isn't


a problem fora mortal without a criminal record. Generally, a character will want to
use Influence to acquire more dangerous weapons. Espionage, Police, Street and
Underworld are the most useful types of Influence for acquiring otherwise illicit
weapons. Alternately, a Storyteller may assign weapons toa character (police officers
and government agents in particular usually have pistols, and most Inquisitors own
swords) or build a story specifically around the quest to acquire rare and special
weapons or ammunition.

Just because an item is readily available doesn't necessarily mean thata character
can automatically get it, of course. Objects cost money to acquire. When a question
of finances arises, the Storyteller, Narrator or player can simply look up the cost of a
similar publicly available item. Characters will need to have the Finance Ability or
some sort of money-raising Influence in order to raise the funds necessary for the
purchase. Purchasing equipment in this fashion is best handled in downtime, but an

interesting story could easily revolve around a black market purchase gone awry

Note also that s«

e heavy military gear is too valuable to be "acquired"
through the channels of regular Influence. Fully automatic weapons and heavy body
armor are carefully tracked by military records. Thus, a character using Military

Influence to acquire high-end equipment may only be able to get a "loan," as noted

in the availability description. If a character fails to return a loaned item at the end
of the game session, then the character loses all Military Influence and may even
suffer the misfortune of having an investigative

roup of military police assigned to
track him down

PECIAL WEAPON CAPABILITIES

Some weapons possess special capabilities, allowing the attacker to inflict extra

dama

or strike multiple opponents. (Such powers are noted under the weapon

descriptions.) A capsule description of each special ability follows for easy reference,

since many weapons possess similar abilities.

Armor-Piercing

Special rounds, generally Teflon-coated, penetrate armor with ease. Although
armor-piercing rounds don't cause extra damage to the target, they do ignore any
defenses from armor. Armor-piercing rounds are particularly difficult to acquire, and
legal inquiries often follow their use.

Destroy Shield

Thoug! odern age, some Inquisitors still use them while
fighting with swords against vampires and other monsters. A weapon cd

h shields are rare in the

pable of

destroying shields can automatically penetrate a shield and render it useless after the
ze of the
shield. The weapon only inflicts damage on the shield if the shield actually blocks the
attack — if

shield absorbs a certain number of blows, regardless of the strength and si

character with an ax, for instance, manages to hit a shielded target

without being blocked by the shield, the shield does not suffer from the attack

Fully Automati:

A firearm capable of fully automatic fire c pty dozens of rounds intoa single

ner

target at close range. This attack automatically inflicts an additional Health Level of

damage due to the sheer volume of fire it lays down. However, after emptying the clip

with fully automatic fire, the attacker must spend one action to reload the weapon
before it may be used ag

n


W_A_A_A_A__A__4_
SS
[Law ofthe Hint > |

rms of particularly high caliber can inflict crippling injuries with only a few

High-Caliber

Firea

shots. When a high-caliber weapon successfully strikes a target, the shooter should
immediately perform a Simple Test. A win indicates that the target suffers one
additional Health Level of damage from the shot.

Incendiary

Burning weapons cause aggravated damage to just about any target. Some
weapons, such as molotov cocktails and flame-throwers, simply use streams or

explosions of flame; others, like incendiary rounds, burn the target with a superheated
round of ammunition

Mass-Trauma

Certain attacks are so powerful that they inflict massive damage on the target,
literally tearing away chunks of flesh. Such weapons score two Health Levels of
damage when used appropriately

Speed

Fast weapons can be used to "preempt" an opponent's attack, allowing the

character with the speedier weapon to strike and resolve his challenge first. The
character must have the Melee Ability, and he must actually attack with the weapon
in this benefit. Fast

or otherwise use itactively (parrying, disarming, etc.) in order to

weapons only gain a pre-emptive strike against opponents in hand-to-hand combat
your rapier won't help you much if that archer with the crossbow is still 50 feet away.

Since many attacks are handled simultaneously, with both parties testingat once

and the winner scoring a hit, this particular power is not always very useful. However,
if the Storyteller opts to have each attacker test individually (attacker striking
defender, then defender counterstriking), this ability puts fast weapons on the
offensive, allowing the wielder of the weapon to strike and possibly injure his
opponent before the opponent can strike back

Spray

The weapon can strike multiple targets at onc

as noted under the weapor
special parameters. The shooter makes one test against all of the targets simulta-

neously. Each target who fails the test suffers the effects of the weapon, while each

target who succeeds avoids the weapon's damage. The shooter risks only the Traits

necessary for one challenge against the entire group, and he loses only those Traits if
any of the defenders win the test

Staking

Staking weapons paralyze vampires when a successful blow penetrates one's
heart. The at
stake the vampire

BIDDING TRAITS WITH WEAPONS

When bidding Traits in battle with a weapon, you usually use Physical Traits

cker must win ortie two successive Simple Tests in order to successfully

against your opponent's Physical Traits. However, you may make ranged attacks with
Mental Traits by using the appropriate Ability: You can use Archery to use a bow or
, you will use your Mental Traits (plus

any bonuses from the weapon) against your opponent's Physical Traits. If both

crossbow and Firearms to use a gun. In sucha cas

participants are using ranged weapons and have the appropriate Abilities, then both
parties use Mental Traits.

tems ort! Ral

MELEE WEAPONS
* Knife/Dagger — With a sir

to twelve-inch-long blade, either single- or
double-edged, a knife is a common and easily concealable weapon

Bonus Traits: 1

Negative Trait: Short

Conecealability: Sleeve

Availability: Any
* Broken bottle -
shattered glass bottle is a simple improvised weapon.
Bonus Traits: |
Negative Trait:

Most common in bar brawls and similar altercations, a

vragile

Concealability: Pocket

vailability: Any

* Club — Clubs include anything from chair legs, to tree limbs, to the
truncheons used by the local police. Nunchaku and other bludgeoning martial arts
weapons also fall into this category.

Bonus Traits: 2

Negative Trait: Clumsy

lability: Short cloak
Availability: Any
* Wooden
shish-kebabs.

Conce

ke — Sharpened at one end and perfect for making Kindred

Bonus Traits

Negative Trait:

Sumsy
Concealability: Jacket
Availability: Any

Special Ability: Staking: A wooden stake can pierce the heart ofa vampire (thus

paralyzing the creature) if the attacker successfully wins or ties two successive Simple
Tests after striking.

* Shortsword — With a blade length of 18 to 24 inches, a shortsword is a light
stabbing and thrusting weapon with surprising quickness. This includesanything from
a scutum or gladius to a Japanese ninja-to or a T'ai Chi sword.

Bonus Traits: 2

Negative Trait: Short

Concealability: Jacket

Special Abilities: Speed: In close combat against any weapon with the Negative
Traits of Slow, Clumsy or Heavy, the user gains the option to pre-empt the opponent's
attacks and strike first in any turn, as long as he has the Melee Ability.

* Broadsword — A typical broadsword has a two-and-a-half- to three-and-a-
half-foot-long blade, is single- or double-edged and is made of tempered steel. A true

broadsword is a heavy chopping weapon with a chisel-like edge made for penetrating

metal armor. Replica broadswords are available more cheaply, but they are certainly
less effective. Broadswords are a favored weapon of Inquisitors, since they seem to be
more effective against vampires than mere bullets


Bonus Traits: 3
Negative Trait: Heavy
Concealability: Trench Coat

Availability: Any. A sword is quite conspicuous, however, and having one will
attract police attention.

* Greatsword — The six- to-seven-foot-long blades of the late Middle Ages
were designed to chop through heavy armor, pike squares and human flesh. A
greatsword requires two hands to use, and it is a slow and awkward weapon, but its
strikes are exceedingly dangerous.

Bonus Traits: 5

Negative Traits: Heavy, Slow, Clumsy

Concealability: None

Availability: Any. Greatswords, like other large medieval weapons, draw police
attention

* Fencing blade — Any fencing weapon with a light blade from two to six feet
long falls into this category, although technically they could be divided as katanas,
schlagers, foils, epees, rapiers and sabers. Fencing weaponsare fast and light, excellent
for use against slow opponents, but have a difficult time chopping orscoring deep cuts.
Negative Trait: Fragile
Concealability: Trench Coat

Availability: Any. A fencing foil tends to draw le:

police attention than

ornamental saber, especially if the fencer is carrying fencing gear.

Special Ability: Speed: In close combat against any weapon with the Negative
Traits of Slow, Clumsy or Heavy, the fencer gains the option to pre-empt the
opponent's attacks and strike first in any turn, as long as he has the Melee Ability.

Spear — Though spears pretty much went out with the end of the Dark Ages,
they are quite useful for fighting vampire

as most spears have a wooden shaft.

spear
takes some practice to use, but it is excellent for keeping an opponent at range. Spears
usually range anywhere from six to eight feet in length, and they require two hands for
fully effective use.

Bonus Traits: 2

Negative Trait: Clumsy

Concealability: None

Availability: Any. Like a sword, a spear is quite conspicuous and tends to draw
police attention.

Special Ability: Staking: A spearcan be used to stake a vampire through the heart,
if the attacker wins or ties on two Simple Tests after attacking.

© Staff — The traditional quarterstaff is six to eight feet long, blunt and as thick

as a man's fist. Quarterstaves are excellent for defense and for holding an opponent at
bay. Trained staff-wielders are reputedly more dangerous than swordsmen. Although

artial artists still use them.

staves are uncommon as weapons in the modern day, many 1
Bonus Traits: 3
Negative Trait: Heavy
Concealability: None

Availability: Any


Stems at Riles

* Hatchet — Primarily of use for chopping wood, hatchets serve
improvisational weapons and excellent tools. A hatchet i

is useful

must for decapitating
fallen opponents, and it also helps when breaking through locked doors.
Bonus Traits: 2

Negative Trait: Heavy

Concealability: Trench Coat
Availability: Any
Special Ability: Destroy Shield: Hatchets render shields useless after three blows.

© Ax—A longax carries significant force behind its blows, but is generally heavy
and unwieldy. Most mode

1 axes are made for chopping wood, though a less clumsy
battle ax can be had from specialty sources at a rather steep price

Bonus Traits: 3

Negative Trait: Heavy, Clumsy for wood axes
lability: None

Availability: Any

Conce:

Special Ability: Destroy Shield: Axes render shields useless after three blows.

* Benandanti fennel sword — The Benandanti use mystical ghost-blades forged out

of spirit iron and fennel. In the material world, these "swords" usually take the form of

elaborately crafted artistic pieces; in the Underworld, though, these blades are deadly

broadswords capable of destroying spectres. In all cases, the physical and spiritual

componentsof thesword are mystically linked. Whenever the Benandante enters Ekstasis

while his sword is with his body, the spiritual sword automatically appears with his soul.
Bonus Traits: 3

Negative Trait: Fragile

Concealability: Trench Coat

Availability: Fennel swords must be made individually by Benandanti.

Special Abilities: Fennel swords inflict a

yravated damage against Oblivion-tainted
targets in the Underworld, when used there. A Benandante cannot swing his weapon
around in the physical world to injure a spectre, but once he enters Ekstasis, the weapon
can destroy spectres across the Shroud. Additionally, the physical manifestation of the

fennel sword can banish wraithsand Spectres, just like the Ephemera power of Forbiddance.
A fennel sword is mystically tied to its creator, and if the sword is ever destroyed, the
Benandante losesa permanent Willpower Trait. Ifan individual ever discoversthesword's
Name, then the creature may use that Name to power rituals focused against the

Benandante in liew of any other special components. Lastly, since the materials of

manufacture weaken fennel swords in the material world, any fennel sword actually used
to strike a physical creature or object (not in the Underworld) requires an immediate

Simple Test. The sword survives ifthe player wins the test, but it shatters on a tie or failure.

* Sword of St. James —Each Sword of St. James isa painstakingly crafted unique
weapon of forbidding beauty. These swords are specifically designed to assist their
creators in the destruction of wraiths, eventually crossing the Shroud with their

masters ina ritual suicide. A Sword of St. James often resembles a heavy broadsword,

with unique features dependent on the er
Bonus Traits: 3

Negative Trait: Heavy

wtor's personality.

Concealability: Trench Coat


Laws of the Hint

Availability: Each Sword of St. James is individually crafted bya member of the Sect.
Spec

| Abilities: A Sword of St. James suffers the Negative Trait of Clumsy when
it is not wielded by its creator. Anyone with less than three Traits of Faith, other than
the sword's creator, becomes violently nauseous and incapacitated when picking up
the sword. The victim suffers a se

cure fora turn and automatically drops the weapon.
Any wraith attempting to use such a weapon (even through Puppetry) must immedi-
ately check for Catharsis (see Oblivion).

MISSILE WEAPON

© Short bow — Short bows are typically used for hunting and sport archery. A

short bow has limited range and power
Bonus Traits: 3

Negative Trait: Fragile

Concealability: Trench Coat
Availability: Any

| Abilities: Armor-Piercing: Chain armor does not protect against arrows.
Staking: Arrows can be used to stake a vampire, with two successful (win or tie) Simple
Tests after hitting.

* Compound bow — A modern compound bow uses an elaborate pulley
system to generate greater pull and thus a stronger arrow shot. Compound bows

are fairly expensive, but they can be found in the arsenal of many wilderness
survivalists and hunters.

Bonus Traits: 5

Negative Trait: Fragile, Heavy
Concealability: Trench Coat
Availability: Any

pecial Abilities:

rmor-Piercing: Chain armor does not protect a

igainst arrows.

Staking: Arrows can be used tostake a vampire, with two successful (win or tie) Simple

Tests after hitting. Destroy Shield: The power of a compound bow is truly frightening,
and a single hit will render a shield useless.

© Long bow — Rare in the modern age, a true long bow is six or seven feet tall,

with a correspondingly powerful draw. A long bow's range is quite impressive.
Bonus Traits: 6

Negative Traits: Fragile, Clumsy, Heavy

Concealability: None

Any

s: Armor-Piercing: Chain armor does not protect against arrows,

vailability:

Special Abili
Staking: Arrows can be used to stake a vampire, with two successful (win or tie) Simple
Tests after hitting. Destroy Shield: One good shot from a longbow will penetrate a

shield, rendering it useless.

* Crossbow — A crossbow uses a powerful action to propel a short bolt with
tremendous power. Since crossbows fire in straight lines, they have limited range due
to drop-off, but they are incredibly effective within that range. Old-style crossbows

take an action to cock or crank and reload for each shot, but modern crossbows can

be cocked with a simple breaking action that does not require extra time.

Sustems fd Riles

Bonus Traits: 4
Negative Traits: Heavy, Slow
Concealability: Trench Coat

Availability: Any

Special Abilities: Armor-Piercing: Chain armor does not protect against
bolts. Staking: Bolts can be used to stake a vampire, with two successful (win or
tie) Simple Tests after hitting. Destroy Shield. The most powerful weapon of its
type (short of a ballista, that is), a heavy crossbow can render a shield useless in
one shot

THROWN WEAPONS

© Throwing knife Built with a specially b

nced blade and handle, a
throwing knife is effective at short ranges, primarily as a surprise weapon. However,
throwing knives, like most thrown weapons, are difficult to aim.

Bonus Traits: 1

Negative Trait: Clumsy
Pocket
Any

© Throwing hatchet — Such a hatchet is a rarity these days. Most hatchets
are not designed for throwing, howeve:

Concealabilit

Availability:

modern composite-steel hatchets are

specially designed for balance and ease of hurling. Like knives, hatchets are
difficult to throw accurately

Bonus Traits: 2
Negative Trait: Clumsy
Concealability: Jacket
Any

* Molotov cocktail — An old bottle filled with gasoline or alcohol and stuffed

Availability:

witha rag becomes a dangerous weapon when lit on fire. The bottle breaks on impact,
spreading flaming liquid all over the target

Bonus Traits: 2

Negative Trait: Fragile

Availability: Any

Special Ability: Incendiary: Molotov cocktails inflict fire damage. Spray: A

Molotov cocktail splashes when it strikes, and it autematically tests to hit anyone

within a pace of the designated target, whether friend or foe

* Shuriken — The standard "Japanese ninja star" typically comes in the
form of a six- or eight-pointed star. They are usually thrown in rapid succession,
as individual stars inflict little damage. Some shuriken come in the form of

needle-like darts. Most people have little idea of how to throw shuriken
properly.

Bonus Traits: |

Negative Trait: Chunsy

Concealability: Pocket

Availability: Any


FIREARMS

© Pistol — This category includes small.

and medium-caliber handguns, such as

police revolvers, Saturday Night Specials, 9mm, .22 or 357 automatics.

Bonus Traits: 2

gative Trait: Loud

Concealability: Pocket

Availability: Any if registered; Espionage 3, Military 1, Police 4, Street 3 or
Underworld 2 otherwise. Note that most government agents and police officers will

automatically be issued a service sidearm.

* Heavy pistol — The true monsters of the handgun range are pieces like the

454 Cassull and the .50 Desert Eagle. These tremendous pistols use high-caliber

rounds that inflict massive damage on the target.
Bonus Traits: 2
Negative Trait: Loud, Heavy

iF

Availability: Any if registered; Military 2, Police 4,

Concealability: Jacket

reet 4 or Underworld 3 if
unregistered

pecial Ability: High-Caliber: Heavy pistols allow a Simple Test ona successful hit.

A win on this test indicates that the shot inflicts an extra Health L
* Rifle — Favored by outdoorsmen and snipers, a rifle has excellent range and
often uses longer rounds that inflict more damage than a pistol's bullets.

el of damage.

Bonus Traits: 3

ative Trait: Loud

Concealability: None

Availability: Any if registered; Military 2, Police 4, Street 4 or Underworld 3
otherwise.

* Sniper rifle — Sniper rifles are generally bolt-action, high-caliber rifles with
incredib!

curacy at extreme ranges. A sniper rifle can easily eliminate an opponent
with one carefully placed shot ata distance of over a mile. Since a sniper rifle usually
has a manual action, the

hooter must spend one action to reload the chamber of the

weapon before firing again after each attack.

Bonus Traits: 3

ative Trait: Loud

ncealability: None
pionage 5, Military 4, Police 4 or Underworld 3

Special Ability: High-Caliber: Make a simple test for an additional level of
damage. Also, most sniper rifles (including any rifle a
Influence) will hav

Availability:

quired with the proper

a suppresser and a high-magnification scope (treat the same

a laser sight),
* Shotgun — A shotgun fires a spray of pellets or a large, powerful slug. With

ars out holes in close-range targets, and may hit several people

pellets, the shotgun t

at greater distances. Typical shotguns include 10 and 12 gauge Mossbergs and Ithacas.

A shotgun may require a manual action, in which case it must be broken open and
reloaded by hand after firing (requiring one action), or it may hold several rounds that
are advanced into the chamber with a pumping action.

Systems fl all

Bonus Traits: 3
Negative Trait: Loud
Concealability: None

Availability: Any if registered. Military 3, Police 4, Sweet 4 or Underworld 3 is
require

otherwise.

Special Abilities: Spray: The shotgun can affect up tothree targets if they are standing
within a pace of one another and are at least 20 feet from the shooter. The shotgun must
be loaded with pellets to get this effect. Mass-Trauma: A shotgun fired at a single target
within two feet inflicts two Health Levels of damage, whether using shot or slugs.

© Submachine gun — Firing multiple small rounds at once, a submachine gun
can hit several targets with a spray. Submachine guns are fairly compact, and they use
only pistol-caliber ammunition. Submachine guns are typically sold commercially in

ck

single-shot versions, but use of the Repair Ability can convert a submachine gun h

into a fully automatic weapon

Bonus Traits: 2

Negative Trait: Loud

Concealability: Jacket

Availability: Any if registered and non-automatic. A character needs Military 3
(loan), Police 4, Street 4 or Underworld 3 otherwise.

Special Abilities: Spray: The submachine gun can affect up to five targets if they
are standing within three paces of one anotherand are at least 10 feet from the shooter.
Fully Automatic: The submachine gun inflicts two Health Levels of damage if its user
fires its entire clip ata target within five feet

ed rounds with

© Assault rifle — Made strictly for military use, assault rifles use mid.
high velocity anda high fire rate. Commercially available assault riflesare generally modified
for single fire, but use of the Repair Ability can convert them back to automatic fir

Bonus Traits: 3

Negative Trait: Loud

Concealability: None

vailability: Any if registered and non-automatic; Military 4 (1
world 5 otherwise.

van) or Under

Special Abilities: Spray: An assault rifle can be used to hit up to five targets within
three paces of one anotherata distance of 10 feet or more. Fully Automatic: Emptying the

clip of an assault rifle into a target within five feet inflicts two Health Le

Js of damage.

© Combat shotgun — Used exclusively by the military, combat shotguns fire a
tremendous volume of high-density spray. A combat shotgun can tear a man in half
at close range

Bonus Traits: 3

Negative Trait: Loud

Concealability: None

Availability: Only soldiers in military units use combat shotguns, and a character
must make "special arrangements" to acquire one (i.e., Military 5 for the loan and a
sizable cash bribe as well). Combat shotguns are illegal. Any character even seen with
a combat shotgun — even a government agent — had better expect a full-scale
national manhunt. In truth, characters are more likely to he on the receiving ends of
these weapons, as military troops may intervene in particularly nasty cases.


Special Ability: Spray: A combat shotgun can strike up to five targets
within three paces of one another as long as they are at least 10 feet distant. This
capability is only applicable when using shot. Mass- Trauma: Combat shotguns
inflict an extra Health Level of damage when fired at a single target no more
than five feet away. Fully Automatic: A combat shotgun can be unloaded into a
single adjacent target within five feet, scoring an extra Health Level of damage

on top of the damage from the massive blow-through. Yes, this does mean that
a combat shotgun can inflict three Health Levels of damage in one attack.

* Spike-thrower — This heavily modified shotgun actually fires wooden
bolts or even small molotov rounds! Based on a design from a Hungarian
uprising in 1956, these shotguns must all be specially modified by an individual
with the Repair Ability. There are very few of these shotguns in existence, and

each one is hand-crafted by its owner or a close friend. Obviou
such a strai

sly, possession of

gely modified weapon will bring on all sorts of legal problems.
Bonus Traits: 2

Negative Trait: Loud

Concealability: None

Avail

Special Abilities: Staking: A spike-thrower can launch wooden bolts that are

bility: Each spike-thrower must be individually crafted from a shotgun.

capable of staking vampires with two successful consecutive (win or tie) Simple
Tests. Incendiary:

spike-thrower can fire Molotov cocktails, substituting its Bonus
and Negative Traits.

AMMUNITION

* Armor-piercing rounds — Typically hardened and Teflon-coated or
otherwise designed to slip through armor, these bullets completely ignore the
benefits of body armor. Armor-piercing rounds can only be obrained for normal
pistols.

Availability: Military 2, Police 4 or Underworld 3.

Special Ability: Armor-Piercing: Pistols using armor-piercing ammunition
ignore armor.

* Dragonsbreath rounds — Dragonsbreath shells allow a shotgun to shoot
a blast of flame. A dragonsbreath round fires flames out to a range of 20 feet,
inflicting a single level of fire damage on a target. Dragonsbreath rounds tend

Each time a

to degrade the barrels of the shotguns in which they are used.
character fires a dragonsbreath round from a shotgun, the shotgun loses one
Bonus Trait. When the shotgun runs out of Bonus Traits, it is heavily damaged
and completely useless. The Repair Ability can retool a shotgun before it is
destroyed, but this kind of work requires a gunsmith's shop and a great deal of
time — it's not something done in the middle of combat.

Availability: Military 1, Police 4 or Underworld 4

Special Ability: Incendiary: Dra ed fire

gonsbreath rounds inflict aggra
damage.

* Silver bullets — Silver nitrate rounds are sometimes issued in covert
government operations where Special Affairs agents expect to encounter
werewolves. Silver bullets are quite difficult to manufacture, as the softness of

——______
—_A_A_A_A_4_4_|
TT YY

the metal means that the bullets deform when fired unless specially alloyed.
Probably the most ubiquitous alloy is the silver nitrate round, which is not only
a fairly solid silver bullet, but also poisonous. Silver bullets can be made for any
sort of pistol, rifle or automatic weapon
Availability: Espionage 4

ACCESORIES

© Laser sight — A laser sight improves the accuracy of a weapon by highlighting

even shotguns!

the

arget with a small pinpoint of reflected light. The sniper can easily line up a more
accurate shot, given proper time spent aligning the sight

Availability: Espionage 3, Military 1, Police 4 or Underworld 3
Special Ability: A laser sight grants one additional Bonus Trait to any firearm

other than a shotgun, as long as the shooter spends a full turn aiming.

® Suppresser — Suppressers mute the flash and bang from a firearm.
Although completely "silencing" a pistol is impossible without using special
subsonic ammunition and gas venting refits, the suppresser lowers the firing sound
toa dull thud and gets rid of most of the mu
on the gene!

le flare. A suppresser also cuts down
al disorientation of gunfire and lowers recoil, since the bullet moves
at a slower speed

Availability: Espionage 3, Military 1, Police 4 or Underworld 3

Special Ability: A suppresser removes the Loud Negative Trait from a properly
fitted firearm. Suppressers can be had for pistols and sniper rifles. Using a suppresser
lowers the accuracy and velocity of the bullets, so
loses one of its Bonus Traits.

* Starlight scope ement assembly powered by a small
battery allows the starlight scope to show a clearer picture of a target at night.
Although the images can be difficult to make outsince they are monochromatic, using
a starlight scope is certainly better than firing at indistinct and fu

Availability: Espionage 3, Military 3 or Underworld 4

Special Ability: When fitted toa rifle, sniper rifle orassault rifle, a starlight scope
can be used to negate the penalty Traits from partial darkness. However, the shooter

ny weapon fitted with a suppresser

An active light enhani

'y outlines.

must take a full turn to aim the weapon in order to gain this benefit

ARMOR

Some characters use a ks. This is

ble to injury
Armor comes in several grades: Ancient vampires or traditionalistic Inquisitors may

‘mor to defend themselves against enemy atts

a wise move, considering that mortal hunters are particularly vulne

use medieval chain, while government agents and soldiers are more likely to use
modern body armor.

Armor protects the character by stopping damage. Each type of armor absorbs
a certain amount of damage before it is rendered useless. When a character is
struck, simply subtract the levels of damage from the armor first, before applying
wounds to the character.

Players with armor should prominently wear a card indicating the armor type.
After all, it's not really possible to conceal a full suit of chain mal
with shiel

Similarly, players
hould hold a card in the appropriate hand signifying the shield.


Laws of the Hint

ANTIOUE ARMOR.
* Leather — Hardened leatherarmor, or significant layers of soft leather, can
be worn over most vital parts of the body to absorb some blows
Health Levels: |
Availability: Any
"Cc

category, including scale and brigandine.

ain mail — Most forms of medium-weight metal armor fall into this

hain mail is quite rare in the modern

age, altho

h some fantasy re-creationists and Inquisitors still keep a suit
around

Health Levels:

Negative Trait: Heavy

Availability: Any. Chain mail must generally be custom made at a cost of
$500 or more.

© Plate mail —Plate mail armor (overlapping metal plates with chain
reinforcement) is the sort of armor people envision when they think of traditional
knights in the Dark Ages

Health Levels: 3

Neg

Availability: Any. Plate mail must g

ive Traits: Heavy, Clumsy

nerally be custom-ordered at a cost of

around $3,000 or more.

MODERN ARMOR

* Ballistic vest — Woven from tough fibers, a ballistic vest is designed
primarily to stop fragmentation, although it's also useful in stopping light hand

gun rounds.
Health Levels: 2
Negative Traits: Heavy
2, Police 4 or Underworld 3.

Availability: Espionage 3, Militar

* Reinforced vest For dange

sometimes use a ballistic vest with special ceramic plates inserted in the chest and
back. Thoug

small arms of 1

it makes moving difficult, this type of vest offers protection against
ny kinds, up to light rifles.

Health Levels: 3
Negative Traits: Heavy, Clumsy

Availability: Military 4, Police 5 or Underworld 4.

SHIELDS

© Small shield — A target shield, anywhere from one to two feet across, can
be easily worn on the arm. Such a shield helps to intercept melee attacks.

melee weapons, missile weapons or thrown weapons (but not firearms), the shield
forces the attacker to make

Simple Test; the attacker must win or tie to actually

strike the user of the shield.
Bonus Traits: 1 (when used to bash)
Negative Trait: Heavy

Availability: Any


———————
—_A_A A _A_A_4_|
nmmmmen ad lo

© Large shield — Tower shields and round shields, covering most of the body,

fall into this category. Though large shields are difficult to maneuver, they stop most
attacks. An attacker must win (not tie) a Simple Test in order to strike a character
protected by a large shield in melee combat. Thrown or missile wea
blocked with large shields, but not fir

pons can also be

arms.

Bonus Traits: 1 (when used to bash)

Negative Traits: Heavy, Clumsy

Availability: Any

* Riot shield — Lexan or other ballistic plastics are used to make riot shields,
which protect against a wide variety of attacks. Riot shields are transparent, so that

the user can see through the shield itself. Riot shields protect against guns, melee

weapons, thrown weapons and even fists. Attackers must win a Simple Test in order
to actually strike a character using a riot shield
Bonus Traits: | (when used to bash)

Availability: Police 4. Riot shields are conspicuousand will draw polic

FIELD GEAR

Government agents use a wide variety of equipment in the field. Since much

ive Traits: Heavy, Clumsy

attention.

oftheir gear has special capabilities, each piece of special equipment is detailed here

Although specialized equipment can go a long way toward leveling the field when
fighting supernatural creatures, much of the highly advanced gear is restricted, and
only authorized agents can gain access to such materials

Other hunters also use arcane or religious artifacts in order to power their spells
or focus their Faith. Such materia

s can be exceedingly difficult to acquire, since
many occultists and churches do not part with their valued relics easily.

MEDICAL SUPPLIES

© First

id kit — A simple first aid kit contains
emergency instructions. By following the instructions, a character can "field stabilize"

nclages, a few painkillers and

a Mortally Wounded individual, so that the individual no longer loses Traits due to
the mortal wounds. Stabil

ing a character takes two turns of uninterrupted activity
This piece of equipment is a lifesaver when hunters are a long way from medical
assistance, or when they can't risk hospital help. A character can use the first aid kit

to stabilize a character without using the Medicine Ability; Medicine lets the medic

stabilize a character with improvised tools
Availability: Any
* Medi

asmall assortment of too!

al doctor's kit — A medical doctor ¢

n perform basic field surgery with
, local anesthetics and a lot of luck. Use ofa medical doctor's
kit immediately revives an Incapacitated character, although it doesn't heal any Health
Levels. A medical doctor's kit can also be used to stabilize a Mortally Wounded
character, just like a first aid kit. Unfortunately, a medical doctor's full kit is fairly
cumbersome to carry. The character must prominently display the

card for the kit, and
suffers from the Negative Trait: Clumsy in all Physical Challenges while carrying the kit.

Negative Trait: Chonsy
Availability: Health 2

[laws the Hin!

* Coffee — Bitter juice of the gods. No hunter living the night life should have
to do without. Black, always black.

Negative Trait: Wired
Availability: Any

Special Ability: You have to ask? Shame on you.

OCCULT TRAPPINGS

© Common ritual materials — Tarot cards, copies of the I Ching or simple
teacups and special tea leaves all fall into this category. These materials are readily
available at a local bookstore, tea shop or other similar location. Bas

ic Sorcery rituals

usually require materials of this nature.
Availability: Any

* Uncommon ritual materials — Specially carved bones or elaborately worked

patternsfall into thiscategory of ritual materials. Keep in mind that materials thiselaborate
lly, Intermediate rituals will require thes
e the individual Sorcery descriptions in Chapter Three for details.

Availability: Occult 2

are not necessary for all rituals. Gener sorts of

materials. Si

© Rare rit

Is — Unique icons, special sets of statues and toc
individually inlaid metal and stone carvings — such are the rarest tools of occult lore,
and they are generally quite difficult toacquire. A sorcerer needs good contacts to even

find such materials, and buying them often involves an exchange of knowledge or

favors, rather than simple monetary compensation.
Availability: Occult 4

RELIGIOUS 100)

* Holy symbol — A holy symbol is a necessity for focusing True

‘aith. Holy
symbols take various forms depending on the Faith of the wielder, from ornate
crucifixes to elaborate prayer wheels to colorful dream-catchers. A true holy symbol
is more than an icon; it is an object that focuses the power of the Divine in the hands
of a true servant of Heaven.

Availability: Church 1

Special Ability: A character must use a holy symbol to focus the powers of True
Faith, unless he has the Merit: Symbol Independence.

* Holy wa

away taint, and it also serves as a potent weapon z

roperly blessed and consecrated holy water can purify and wash
inst the unliving

ome faiths use

incense or wafers with similar capabilities.

Availability: Church 3

Special Abilities: Holy water that is sanctified with True Faith (see Chapter
Three) inflicts aggravated damage on vampires. Additionally, truly blessed holy water
used to cleanse a wound automatically negates any chance of infection.

* Oil of St. George — This rare and potent oil generally comes in ornamented
flasks of delicate construction. When lit, the oil bursts into flames that do not harm
the faithful.

Availability: Church 5

Special Ability: Fire from the Oil of St. George burns normally for aggravated
wounds, but any fire resulting from the Oil causes no damage to any character with
True Faith.

SECURITY DEVICES

© Physical lock From a simple padlock to an intricate combination
sequence lock, these devices are used on all manner of doors, containers and
restraints

Availability: Any

Special Ability: Picking a lock requires the use of the Security Ability,
with a difficulty of fivi
h locks may have a higher difficulty

generally in conjunction with a Static Mental Challeng
Trait

Particularly toug

* Electronic lock — Whether using a specially designed magnetic card or a
keypad with a numeric combination, an electronic lock is far more difficult to
circumvent than a simple physical lock

Availability: Any, though installing an electronic lock is fairly expensive (at
least $250 per lock)

Special Ability: Bypassing an electronic lock requires a Static Mental
Challenge with a difficulty of five or more Traits, using the Science or Security
Ability

* Electronic alarm — An electronic alarm attaches to windows, doors and
An

proper

other points of entry or egress, and it signals when one has been breached.
alarm can be set to go off whenever someone opens a door without using

key or when anyone passes through a certain restricted area. Some sensors can
even go off whenever an individual passes through an area without carrying a
special identification card. The alarm may be audible, scaring off burglars, or it
may be silent, simply signaling local police or other agencies.

Availability: Any, though installing an electronic alarm in a small building
is fairly expensive (at least $1,000)
Special Ability: Bypassing an electronic alarm requires a Static Mental
allenge with a difficulty of fiv

ct or more Traits, using the Science or Security
Ability. This test is separate from any test to pick a lock. The character
the alarm ata specific entry point, or disable the entire alarm by reaching the main

n disable

junction box (which generally requires penetrating the complex

in question).
* Sensor — Internal sensors trigger an electronic alarm whenever someone

is in a restricted area. Sensors can be turned on and off with proper codes, so that

they are not triggered by authorized personnel. A motion sensor goes off if

anything larger than a tennis ball moves within its area. Heat sensors detect
changes in a room's temperature, and they trigger if the room temperature changes
dramatically (such as it would from the entry of a person). Pressure sensors,

installed in floors (and sometimes other locations), trigger an alarm if the weight

on them changes by anything more than a few pounds
Availability: Any, though installing sensors requires that the building have
an electronic alarm, and is also quite expensive ($5,000 for a small building).

Special Ability: Characters can defeat sensors with the Science or Security
Ability, generally at a difficulty of five or more Traits. Disarming sensors is
racter must be able to reach the

separate from disarming a lock or alarm. The ch
sensor mechanism, which may mean pulling up part of the floor, disabling

camera and so on. Since it's easier to reach most sensor terminals than to reach

the main alarm box, this method is an alternate way to avoid detection during
intrusion activities.


sodoid ayp yaa paraudiavut pue peat aq ues pjay siya pue "pjay 29useWOND9]9
ue saqesouas uns uonDa}a ays Jo Woned ay | JoNUOW UapeL-1oydsoyd v uo sosiewn
yeu 02 UN UOND9]9 patlzeyp v asn sudaids JNdwOd — saatasaa yada],

*(Buysuas ajouta! UO seap! 1o} aary_p said

ID WE euTUNA sour

-SoaumyjE) ay) 998) UONRSI9AUOD ay Jo UOHDO] ay 01 9A ATjEMIDE AAALAC UPL I] OL

4soq Ay]ensn sat ‘Aupd jo asea so "Avmve 194 QZ OF dn 10 WOOL JaYPOUk UI UONWSI9AUOD v
Jvatp19A0 01 JoIINALYD & sMOTfe BUOYCOUDTU [eUOLDALIP E BUISE) :AamIy [eID9dg
€ Plomsapur 40 ¢ aang *¢ aBpuoddsg Auiqepeay

"UdadU0D ISaBBiq INA aq JOU ALLE SAVE] [LO]

‘saarduuea BuNUNY 24,004 J! ang ‘sorUUIpIO [EADAas SyLaIq A]]eIDUAS a>ULI|!oAAns Yons

‘asin09 JQ "IVANIIV YOU WIAA ade ‘UNOS Aq apeLL SSE UO SUORAALA ay IDAIAp Y>IYAL

‘souoydororun sase'] 2oueasip a[qeUOstaL v2 Sas ULYOXA JO SUONPSIAAUOD LEDYIIAO UD
punos ano 49]}j 01 pauisap sauoydosotU jeIvadg — auoydosdnU jeUONDaIIC]

"Jom se Ave tayp oats seane

rep sonyduue 9 *2]qista peop ayp jo advospuy] ayp pur sypream Suapuad ‘pyoauapup,
dYL JO SHU YI MALA O1 JasN ayA sMO]]e adoosoNYD ayL sAuITIqy [eIDedg
G Aasaaanur) ao ¢ adpuondsy :Aupqepeay

"Ajoutua tajqoud saypour st adoosoeyp ay or aameas9

Jeameusodns v BuIsULg "IYs}s Jo ano stay! aaisuadxa puL ared!Jap asatp 29] 01 aulsop

OU Seq YSN OU aout ‘ayqissodunt 4[1e9U St Pjay ays OUT suIdAT asoyp Jo auO FURIE

d}IGoWLUT ApoB1L] pue daisuodxa ‘payisse|> A] YAY age sui9n asayp YaAaMopy "sounded

Jeumetuadns awos punouns yyp sariiaus oat

sau ay aas Ayjenase oO} Jasn aya
Bumoype ‘(aouasqe sii 10) Adozua jo stayed sisaiap adoasoeyp ay | ‘Bur yy youeasayy
Jeuuoueaeg ays Aq paruatuajduut pur pausisap asiy WSN ayy josjaaaeu peaitopouysaa
ay? Jo auo st aurua Adonua onseyrors, ay, — aauueds o1doasorys «

uiay punosyoeq sapjoo

aanaey

40 JONOY Yon vasuTETE no Surpuvas ssayun poseajur UO pe ae dn aoysa,uom ounduwa
ve — auoya st audusen aya aeyp oaeme st sozvaay ays Jt Aju ang UeAY areIpEL a,uop Adu
wYs Dey ay Aq Pardarap aq Wed soaduueA "Tat Jo saats 1¥1e9 aU se BuO] se ‘ssaudjep
Jei02 UF uada ‘sanpeuad ssounep |e aresou sapssos pamwayuy :Aupqy peoads

$ 2H0d 40 ¢ Kappy ‘¢ adpuordsg :Anpiqejeayy

snoiaygo ata aaniefion,
(sondwea 40 ainaqusny ay]) way Yo dai auop awyp sfierap Auouaos
ssttt uayyo Aayp pure ‘Wva]> Aye

41 av. sa]3805 paaeayur Aq paonposd susaned ayy we
ayp se ainaesaduiay aures oy aq Avtu seu sounaea} J9y20 40 sf]eA\ INO youd ApiaESsaI9u
1OUULD s9]3803 paseayuy ‘a[doad ay1] saoznos way rods Ov Jo1eaM ay SUIMO]TE ‘soseUUT
OU] saounos away BuNL]sueA Aq Yom sap88o8 pareyuy — sofB808 poaayuy «

"saute [e302 ur djay ou jo are Aaya "WYsy Sunsty

uo Ajar ays aouIs ang ‘ssauyUp
Jenued uy Sunysy s0y Ayeuad ayy aresou saysiso8 uorsta YSN sap peloodgs

$ arog 40 ¢ Kammyy ‘¢ apuordsy aypiqupeay
snowyga avery, oanesan

‘sia8iea Jenplarpur ino Bupjpid AynoyzIp awos avy Avu Jon
PIA

PON OUP UOISLA [RUOU SUL
-ypvoadde Anjenb v jo Ajares st saysiio8 ays Aq passaroud UoNWULOJUT ays 99UIS IBAIMNO}|
pep ayy Ui pplom aya jo mara Joniaq e.sazeam ay? aa18 s9]3808 uoIstA IYsTU ‘YOITUOW Daa
v ysnorys af Sunoyyy pue wysy Sunsixo SurAyydure Ag — saBSo8 uorsta wysINY

ININAINOT INV THIAMAS


equipment. A Tempest re

away, as long as they're on. Some military and intelligence computers use special

electromagnetic Tempest shielding to prevent this sort of eavesdropping.
Availability: Espionage 4, Military 3

eiver can read computer or television screens up to 20 feet

Special Ability: Tempest data readers allow a player to gather information from
an active computer at a range of up to 20 feet. The player should probably be allowed
to eavesdrop on the narration of the computer events.

© Phone tap — Simple phone taps allow an eavesdropper to listen in on any
conversation that takes place over a given phone line. Placing a phone tap requires
a warrant (generally through the use of Legal Influence). Information obtained
through an illegally placed phone tap is inadmissible, and it may lead to charges being
dropped if an arrest resulted from it

Availability: Espionage 3, Police 3 or Underworld 3

* High-definition camera — Used for long-range, high-quality photography, a
high-definition camera takes digital pictures with incredible resolution. Although a
special computer is required to see these images, the camera's pictures can be easily
altered or enhanced, picking out details of faraway objects

Availability: Espionage 3, Media 4 or Military 3

¢ Kirlian camera — By photographing "Kirlian energies," a Kirlian camera takes
pictures of auras. Kirlian cameras us al high-frequency electronic process to
capture pictures of spirit energy. A Kirlian camera can actually photograph wraiths,
although the pictures are often fuzzy or indistinct. Kirlian also capture the
auras of individuals on film, which may give clues as to the supernatural nature of a
creature.

a spec

Availability: Espionage 4 or University 4

* Phased motion detector — This small hand-held unit senses the motion and
activity of physical objects or creatures within about 10 feet of the holder. This
information is displayed on a small screen, allowing the holder to notice otherwise

hidden individuals as long as they are moving.

Availability: Espionage 4 or University 4

Special Ability: The phased motion detector allows the user one chance to test
against a creature using a supernatural power of concealment. Thus, a hunter could
test against a vampire using the Obfuscate Discipline, or a Garou using the Gift of
Blissful Ignorance.



CHAPTER FIVE:

RYTELLING

¢

This chapter contains guidelines for the Storyteller on inserting mortal hunter
charactersintoexisting chronicles, or forrunninga chronicle from the mortals' point of view.

THEMES AND MOODS

Theme and mood ean be very fluid in a game where the players have so much
impact on the story, and unusual settings can be very difficult ro convey. However,

game.

some ideas move to the forefront in a hunter-oriente

PARANOIA

This theme works on two levels. With hunters around, vampires seek to protect
the Masquerade and werewolves work to maintain the Veil. Such is as it should be,

nce both ideals are a major part of each society's respective goals, though both are

frequently neglected in a game where everyone already knows what everyone else is

From the other perspective, hunters are after the hidden creatures, the ones that
walk as men but are really devils, the ones that have supernatural powers to cloud
thoughts and lead good men astray. Hunters may have to examine everyone they meet,
wondering if they are more than they seem, and if they are actir

FEAR

Most supernatural creatures fear discovery by mortals since such a discovery makes

gof theirown volition.

them criminals among their own kind, even if they don't feel threatened by one or two
coming after them. When they find out just how capablea hunter ean be, however, their

opinions change. Even the strongest vampire must sleep during the daytime.


For their part, hunters are certain that their deadly and terrifying prey has no
compunction about killing them. Just the knowledge that the other is out there should
put some unease in the players' hearts

Much of the antagonism between hunters and their prey arises from simple
misunderstanding. Many hunters have some very wrong notions about the motiv

tions of vampires and werewolves, assuming them to be agents of the Devil or

unthinking monsters. Most supernatural creatures consider ordinary hunters to be

inferior upstarts who are in way over their heads.

An encounter betw

n these two attitudes can lead to some very interesting
reconciliations. Who's to say that the hunter won't discover that the vampire he sought
to kill has sworn an oath not to take a human life, no matter how hungry it becomes?

Character growth, from enlightenment and the rethinking of motivations, is a
necessary aspect of a healthy chronicle

HUNTER STYLES

The typical hunter is a human. Some possess extraordinary abilities, but all are
mortal nonetheless. Without exceptional care, most mortal hunters quickly find the

tables turned, and once surprise is lost, it's only a matter of time before the supernatural

creatures of the world marshal their forces to sv
hunter tak

at the would-be slayer nuisance, The

's ona world far beyond his level of power, surviving by wits and luck alone.
This stereotype isn't necessarily true forall games, though. Storytellers can easily

adjust the power level of mortal characters to make for more dynamic or more

terrifying stories. Former Navy SEALs are more likely to survive a violent confronta-

tion — even if the opponents are vampires — while busloads of school-children tend
to lack even the most basic capabilities for self-defense.

VICTIMS - AREN'T WE ALL?

A game of Victims makes for an interesting evening's pastime, but rarely lasts

more than one session. Ina Victim game, the mortals are completely unsuspectingand
unprepared to cope with the supernatural world. Some supernatural agency sets about
stalking and killing the mortals, in a gruesome but hidden fashion.

Characters built as victims should be less competent than other mortals. Afterall,
the mortals built with the normal character creation system are considered to be
exceptional scholars, government agents or church members (or, at the very least,
adequate). Build victims by removing one Trait from each Attribute category (5/3/2),
and giving them only one Ability. Victims off the street have no Willpower Traits. Give
I
ame is one in which one player is a vampire or
werewolf, hidden among the other players, but nobody knows who it is. The
supernatural character then sets about messily killing off the other players, one at a
time. The only hope the victims have is to discover who the vampire is and escape or

them three

‘ree Traits and no spe filiations, then watch the slaughter begin.

The quintessential Victims

fight. Of course, a fight may result in the deaths of all of the remaining victims, but
they can't escape until they know who the culprit is (since, otherwise, the vampire
would just go with them and they would die somewhere else).


This template is also suited for the common person on the street. Though less
powerful than their supernatural adversaries, hunters are still above average. The masses
of hun

nity are largely powerless to do anything more complex than hold a day job.

JUSTSOME GUY

Many hunters start as mortals whose lives are turned upside-down by the incursion
of the supernatural world. Spurred on by insatiable curiosity or a burning need for
vengeance, the mortal sets out determined to discover the truth about the hidden world.
These characters may be lawyers, supermarket clerks, postal officials, high school
students— just about anyone can take on the hunter's role after experiencing

profound
change. These mortals usually don't have any special powers or strange abilities. They

are the typical humans, heading out into the great unknown with a stick and a potato.

When building Just Some Guy chronicles, use the normal characteristics for
independents, but avoid supernatural Merits, Flaws and Numinae. Th

regular folks thrust into an irregular world. Pay close attention to the types of Abilities
that you purchase though. A supermarket clerk is unlikely to have any Firearms
Ability, while a sanitation engineer probably has little grasp of Occult knowledge.

These games are excellent for small groups, where a few normal people suffer

through a key event in the first game that catalyzes them to work together to uncover
the mysteries of the supernatural. In the course of the game, these fledgling hunters
can discover more about the world around them and develop the Abilities that they
need to survive. Some may even be approached by specific hunter organizations once

they show the proper aptitude.

LOOSE CANNONS

Though many of the hunter organizations have a wide range of member
individuals discover that they don't really fit in with their parent association. An

s, some

Inquisitor who develops a sudden case of Florentine Heresy or a Paranormal Re-
searcher working with an ectoplasmic converter engine may find that his activities
have become a little strange, even for a hunter,

In a Loose Cannons game, the hunters are individuals who, for some r
longer fit with their or;

on, No

nizations. Build them as members of the appropriate associa-
tions, but give them some reasons to work independently. These sorts of hunters run :
dangerous game. They have no backup if things go wrong,

and they may suffer censure

or even execution if their parent organizations find out about their sidelines.
Loose cannons fit well into existing supernatural games. Give one or two players
the opportunity to play mortals with a little knowledge and some different powers. The

supernatural cre

atures will be more likely to cut some sort of deal with the individual.
Conversely, the hunter is likely co move ver

carefully and avoid antagonizing anyone
until he can gather allies to protect himself.

ORGANIZED HUNTING

The Society of Leopold regularly conducts witch-hunts, and the Arcanum
regularly sends its members out to gather rese
almost perpetually on duty, s

rch material. Government agents are
ving the interests of the country. Characters who work

directly for these groups can pool their talents and resources for protection and
information, making them potentially much more dangerous to the supernatural.

169"


Lens "i! the Hint

Organized hunters should be bu these hunters
are considered trusted and somewhat experienced members of their respective

organi

it with the usual affiliation rule:

ations. In general, you'll want to have all of the players belong to the same
organi

ion, so that they have a reason to work together, though a large game might
allow for groups from multiple affiliations.

Large, existing supernatural games cater well to Organi

d Hunting. Adding
small group of mortals who work together stirs the pot, keeping the supernatu

als on
their toes. At the same time, the mortals can protect themselves and advance their
own aims with enough teamwork. A f

irly small group of mortals can easily fend off
‘a few supernaturals at a time without taking over the game

BEST OF THE BEST

To throw a char

e of pace at some complacent supernatural characters, try

putting a couple of extremely competent hunters into a game. With their own

capabilities augmented by equipment and experience, these sorts of mortals can truly
terrify supernatural opponents, especially once the opposition r
mortal" is more talented and powerful th

ealizes that the "mere
n he seems! These sorts of characters are the

legendary hunters who have all of the incredible skills necessary to undertake a one-
Sullivan Dane (Inquisitor, True Faith 8) or Benjamin

Holmscroft (Arcanum scholar, immortal).

man crusade — people like

Give some mortals a few extra points, and they can easily stand toe-to-toe with
novice supernaturals. Add one Attribute Trait in each category (7/5/3) and two
Ability Traits (fora total of five), and build the rest of the mortal normally. Delta Force

troops, high-level government intelligence officials, Gladius Dei Inquisitors and
powerful sorcerers all fall into this category. With the right powers and equipment,

they're capable of matching — and sometimes beating — just about any opponent

The Best of the Best should really be put only into games where one or two "super"

mortals can help toadd a splash of tension. Tossing in an exceptional hunter is a good
way to warn players that their supernatural characters are getting out of control

RUNNING A HUNTERS GAME

A game with only mortal hunters for characters will be, by necessity, small and
personal, with a heavy ratio of Narrators to players. Mortals who know the truth about
the supernatural are rare, perhaps even more so than the er

MALL GAMES

With a small troupe, it's important that the characters be willing to work

atures they seek to destroy

together. While hunters from the same association have a reason to work together, it's
entirely feasible that characters from different organizations have met over the course
of their missions, and now act in concert for mutual aid and protection. A chronicle

forasmall troupe can follow the charactersas they discov

track down and neutralize

creatures according to their own personal desires.

This sort of game is very Storyteller-intensive, since the Storyteller must define
the associations that the hunters belong to, as well as populate the chronicle with
enough adversaries to keep the hunters busy. Narrators take on the roles of vampires
and other assorted supernatural nasties.

Storgtalling

LARGE GAMES

With a larger troupe, intrigue and politicking for power become stronger
elements, and the actual hunt takes an almost secondary role. Perhaps the characters
encompass all the tiers of hunters within the city, from the head of a cenacle and his
assistants, to the agent in charge of a special task force, to the educated psychic and
her lowliest occult students, to the stray independents.

This stratification allows for interaction within each association, as well as
friendships, alliances and disagreements across the boundaries. Hunters can have very
different ideas of what needs to be done, as well as how to accomplish it, and arguing
over an approach makes for just as much fun as the hunt itself

Narrators still have to take on the task of playing the prey, but actual encounters

NTO AN EXISTING

with the supernatural happen less frequently

INCORPORATING HUNTER
GAME

s adversaries in a game centered around one or more supernatural creatures,

mortal hunters are best used as characters in the capable hands of a Narrator, or by
players the

toryteller can trust to pull it off.

NPCHUNTERS

Ifa hunter is an NPC, the Storyteller can increase his power level to match the

existing characters, so that he actually poses a real threat to them. The players should
be encouraged to be creative in dealing with such a threat, so that they don't simply
Blood Bond the hunter, or kill him. Discrediting the hunter works very well indeed

PCHUNTERS

If a hunter is a PC

. the player should create him as a normal starting

character, using the creation rules provided. He will probably want to start off

slow, learning about his foes, garnering allies against them and fortifying himself
for the battle to come.

This rol
tothe

‘an be very challenging fora player. Afterall, he won't likely be invited

ampires' ball or to hang around the caern for the next werewolf moot. He has
toslowly become aware that vampires meet at a certain spot, and he then must track
a likely target on the way out

Having a small group of hunters can also work well, giving the players mutual
support and other characters to interact with while they work to locate a target

MAINTAINING A BALANCE

The framework of each Mind's Eye Theatre game is a delicate meshing of

manipulation, intrigue and cooperation between vampire clans, werewolf packs or
changeling courts. Introducit

an element whose primary goal is to completely
eliminate the others can make a game suddenly bloodthirsty, which is usually not the
desire of the Storyteller.


The primary goal of addir
on their toes

hunters should be to keep the supernatural players
ow they have to worry about displaying vampiric strength, or
shifting to wolf form in public view, for fear that someone is watching for just that
sort of invitation with intent to kill

The ideal balance to strike would be for the two sides to end up circling one
nother, neither willing or ready to make a final strike. After all, a player whose
character is killed ina conflict between hunters and the supernatural will always

return as another character. Neither side can truly eliminate the other.

TOO MUCH EQUIPMENT!

Mortal hunters rely on equipment quite a bit. That's fine — they must, to

keep up with supernatural creatures, The section on Equipment in Chapter Four
caters to this reliance.

However, some games may see an overabundance of equipment, especially
weapons. When every hunter is walking around with a combat shotgun and heavy
body armor, there's a serious balance problem at work

The thing to keep in mind is that the Storyteller controls all access to
equipment. Players cannot simply write up cards for any piece of equipment they
desire, even if their characters have the appropriate types of Influence. Instead,
each player should consult with the Storyteller before the game, to determine
what sorts of equipment he can lay his hands on. The Storyteller may want to make
his own equipment cards so that only characters with "legal" cards can use
equipment

Furthermore, it's a simple matter to get rid of excess gear. Anything that's

powerful has attendant restrictions. Crazy vampire-hunters wandering the streets
don't carry combat shotguns. Furthermore, federal authorities have little trouble

tracking the public use of incendiary we

pons. A character using illegal or
dangerous equipment may quickly find herself wanted by the government in
addition to being hunted by supernatural creatures. The character may have to
choose betwe

n ditching the gear or facing arrest and a trial (which almost

certainly takes the character out of play)

Remember, too, that even readily available equipment — gear marked as
"Availability: /

ny" — might not be so easily acquired. Sure, you can mail-order
dragonsbreath rounds from a paramilitary catalog, and anyone can go into ag

n
store and get them. However, using such weapons ups the stakes considerably.
Vampires who ignore more "mundane" hunters may team up to annihilate the
dangerous hunter who shows up with heavy weapons. Similarly, any supernatu-
raler

ure with a modicum of Police, Street or Transportation Influence may well
learn of the hunter's requisition of special weapons, and take steps with
Influence to stop the delivery. In a world of paranoid vampire ancients, how
many mortal hunters are actually going to get their hands on incendiary
weapons, even if such devices are simply ordered through the mail? The
Storyteller can easily control access to "common" devices by deciding that some
element of supernatural society already manipulates that market — or, better
still, that said market is hotly contested by supernatural Influence broke
that nobody can get their hands on the wi
want in the game

and

apons that the Storyteller doesn't

T00-WIMPY MORTALS!

With their low Trait maximums and limited powers, mortals are fragile when

compared to supernatural creatures. In fact, mortals are downright wimpy. They break

easily and they have no quick way of healing or bolstering their limited powers.
This is the whole idea of playing a mortal — you're someone at odds with a

hostile world, surrounded by supposedly more powerful enemies, yet determined to

win through sheer chutzpah. If mortal characters are dying left and right, then the

mortals are probably not being played well. A hunter must be careful and clever in
order to survive.
Furthermore, independents rarely have an easy time of it. Playing an indepen-

dent hunter is perhaps the most challenging role of all. Small groups of hunters can

isolate their opponents and gang up to combine the:

abilities, but an independent
must face off alone against superior opponents. Without allies, the hunter must be
crafty indeed. And, of course, every hunter risks death with every encounter. This
risk is simply something that must be accepted — you don't don the mantle of a
hunter without accepting the fact that it may well kill you.

CONSEQUENCES

are what hunters are all about.

Sonsequences

Afterall, ifa supernatural creature
hadn't been careless at some point, the hunter wouldn't be on the case in the first

place. Having hunters take an interest in your character can be consequence enough
for shortsightedness.

Storytellers shouldn't be afraid to show hunters the consequences of their
actions, either. When a hunter drives a stake through a vampire's heart, it's an act
of murder as far as any witnesses

e concerned, Hunters have to take as much care
not to be noticed as vampires, werewolves and wraiths do — perhaps even more.
After all, they are still a part of human society, and they can be easily tracked down
to pay the piper.

CROSSOVERS

Since hunters stalk and slay various forms of supernatural prey, crossovers are
inevitable. After all, a hunters game without

few vampires, werewolves or wraiths

is really just a game of mortals standing around without anyone to hunt.

Ofcourse, crossovers like this cause all sorts of headaches for Storytellers, because
of the clash of various rules. Thus, this section should help to clarify some common
(and not-so-common) occurrences.

When in doubt, use the rules from the most recent Mind's Eye Theatre book.
For instance, the rules in this book should supersede the Kinfolk rules in Laws of

the Wild.

EQUIPMENT CROSSOVERS

Hunters hav

access to a lot of spe

| equipment that's never before been
described for Mind's Eye Theatre. They need it! Of course, some vampires will
immediately want to get their hands on combat shotguns, too.


First, remember the Influence necessary to score a particular item. Always
enforce this rule, and remember that just using the Influence may not be enough. The

Influence simply indicates that it may be possible to get the item,

Secondly, consider keeping some of the more powerful or esoteric pieces of
equipment out of the hands of supernatural characters. A combat shotgun helps to
even the odds fora hunter, but in the handsofa vampire, it/soverpowering, Remember
that really unusual gear draws a lot of attention, and that sort of attention is the last
thing that most supernaturals want
ha

vampire trying to get a sniper rifle is going to

¢ to dodge some intense investigations from legal authorities, and though it may
be possible, the pri

ce of the city may simply rule that going through that sort of
sctutiny isa threat to the Masquerade. You can easily outweigh the benefits of

are
equipment with the problems that it creates for the owner.

POWER INTERACTIONS

In general, supernatural creatures can't use Numinae. That's that. Psychic

Phenomena are the province of mortals alone, and Sorcery is usually not as effective

the natural powers of a given creature.

There are some exceptions, though. Most supernatural creatures could conceiv-

ably have True Faith, although the cost is high and the Merit is exceedingly rare.
Also, a few types of creatures besides mortals actually study Sorcery. The Uktena

werewolves and the Bastet are the primary keepers of Sorcery among supernaturals,

but some revenants also practice this form of magic.

ch creatures must pay an

xtra
xperience Traits,
Intermediate levels cost eight and Advanced Levels cost 12 Traits. Whenever such a

33% for each level of Sorcery — so Basic levels cost four F

creature is called on to spend a Humanity Trait to power Sorcery, though, he must
spend a Willpower Trait instead

Vampires cannot use Sorcery at all; they must be content with Thaumaturgy.
Similarly, wraiths cannot use Sorcery, as they have neither bodies nor the connection
to the appropriate energies. Mages have their own forms of magick which are much
more powerful, while changelings use their own Arts and Realms. Sorcery is generally
too structured for the creative and chaotic fae.

Mortals can sometimes learn the abilities of supernatural creatures. See the
Merits of Ghoul, Kinfolk and Kinain in Chapter Two for information.

SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS

Some powers have special effects that must be explicitly conside

d for cross-
overs. Also, varying characters do not always directly reflect the statistics of various
games.

Blood Traits: A mortal has three Blood Traits. Vampires can drink this blood

normally. Each Trait a vampire drinks inflicts two He

Ith Levels of damage on the
mortal. Giovanni vampires inflict an extra level of dama

with theirdraining, soonly
two Traits of blood drain would killa mortal. A mortal bitten by a vampire for purposes
of blood drain is immediately helpless, unless he spends a Willpower Trait toact. This
phenomenon is known as the Kiss. Additionally, a vampire can close any would left
by his bite or claws, simply by licking it. Ghouls who lose all of their blood may survive;
make a Simple Test, and if the ghoul wins (no ties or losses), then the character stays

Mortally Wounded instead of dying immediately.


Rage Traits: Mortals, even Kinfolk, do not possess Rage Traits.

Delirium: Instead of using the Delirium chart presented in Laws of the Wild,
extrapolate based on the mortal's Willpower and Mental Traits. After all, mortals
can't have more than three Willpower Traits. Any character who is partially
Awakened (a ghoul, Kinfolk or kinain, or with the Intermediate level ofany Numina)
is immune to the Delirium. For the chart, add twice the character's number of
Willpower Traits to his Mental Traits, and subtract three. Thus, a character with one
Willpower Trait and three Mental Traits uses the "2" column on the Delirium chart,
while a character with three Willpower Traits and eight Mental Traits uses the "10+"
column of the chart

Banality Traits: Most mortals are considered to have anywhere from five to eight
Banality Traits, as determined by the Storyteller. See The Shining Host for details.

VAMPIRIC DISCIPLINES

Animalism: Characters affected by Song of Serenity cannot use Sorcery or Psychic

Phenomena, since they no longer have the necessary strength of will to do so.

Auspex: This Discipline cannot detect the use of Psychic Phenomena, unless the
character

ctually uses Telepathy to read the mind of the psychic and realize what's
Aura Perception will detect th

happening. ¢ of Sorcery; the sorcerer's aura sparkles
"marked"

tling.

with gold while he uses magic. Similarly, characters with True Faith hav

aura in some form — burning, wrapped in glowing green or similarly

Celerity: A pre-empt gained by equipment can negate a pre-empt from Celerity

Chime

tr

: Illusions conjured with this Discipline are fully manifested to such
remote senses as Clairvoyance

The exception is Horrid Reality, which is only visible to
its specific target.

Dominate: Mortals can spend Willpower to resist this Discipline, but this
xpenditure only grants a single retest, not immunity

Fortitude: Aggravated wounds caused by True

ampire suffer

Faith are exceedingly painful; if a
aggravated injury due toa blessed weapon, relic or holy water, then the
Fortitude Discipline does not negate wound penalties from the injury. Mark such
injuries specially for vampires. However, Fortitude may still be used to reduce such

injuries from aggravated to normal levels of damage.

Necromancy: Since Benandanti are living souls projected into the Underworld,

Necromancy cannot control orsummon them during Ekstasis. However, a Benandante
who is not in Ekstasis could be affected with Soul Stealing normally, and then
commanded with Compel

Obtenebration: The unnatural darkness evoked by this power mutes sounds as well
as extinguishing lights. Natural lights (flashlights and lamps) cannot penetrate this
darkness. Furthermore, Obtenebration generates total darkness conditions, and nei-
ther the Merit: Acute Sense (Hearing) nor the Merit: Acute Sense (Sight) is of any use.
Even infrared goggles and night vision goggles are useless. Only the vampire generat-
ing the darkness sees through it without suffering penalties.

Obfuscate: A cone
such as Clairvoyance, unless the hunter additionally has some means of seeing through
Obfuscate normally (like the Merit: Clear Sighted).
facharacter winsall ties asa result of Potence, while a hunter has a power
that wins all ties, then ties must be resolved normally

aled vampire or ghoul remains hidden from remote senses

Potence:


[ Lave i! the Hint

Presence: As with Dominate, a Willpower Trait allows a mortal one retest against
this power, but it does not grant automatic immunity

Pyotean: A vampire in mist form does not trigger motion sensors or pressure
sensors. Rituals of Summoning, Binding and Warding must be designed to function on
a vampire, even if the vampire is in wolf or bat form, in order to have any effect. (That
is, a Summon Bat ritual will nor summon a vampire in bat form.)

Quietus: The Silence of Death power negates the Negative Trait: Loud.

Thaumaturgy: Sorcery and Thaumaturgy are both considered magic, and they
interact as such. Thaumaturgy rituals that protect against magic will keep out Sorcery
but not Psychic Phenomena. Psychic Phenomena will be warded by any Thaumaturgy
effect that specifically ward

against that sort of manifestation, as long as the
Thaumaturgy power is not specifically geared against magic. Thus, a ritual designed to
keep out magical scrying would prevent sorcerous Divination but not psychic Clairvoy-
ance, while

power that shields against any exertion of force would work equally well
against both sorcerous Conjuration and psychic Telekinesis. Also, the Cauldron of Blood
power automatically reduces a mortal to Mortally Wounded ifa single point of blood
is boiled — more than that, and the mortal is instantly killed

Vicissitude: The effects of this Discipline on mortals — specifically Flesheraft and
Bonecraft — are permanent. Even the Sorcery path of Healing cannot repair such
mutilations,

GAROU GIFTS
Spirit Ward: A Spirit Ward keeps out Benandanti in Ekstasis, but not Clairvoyance.
Curse of Hatred: Since mortals do not have Rage Traits, this Gift's removal of a
Rage Trait has no effect on a hunter.

Wither Limb: Because this Gift withers a limb as an aggravated injury, its effects
may not be countered with the Sorcery path of Healing

Scent of Sight

This Gift negates all penalties for darkness

Scent of the True Form: Sorcerers, Benandanti and kinain are difficult to detect,
just like mages, ghouls and Kinfolk; they win all ties against this Gift, Note that unless
the Garou possesses the appropriate Lore Abilities, he may simply note that the rarget
"smells odd" without

Name the Spir

Blur of the Milky Eye: Use of this Gift conceals the Garou from remote perceptions
like Clairvoyance unless the hunter possesses some ability tosce through the Gift (such
as the Merit: Clear Sighted).

exactly knowing the subject's true nature,

This Gift detects Benandanti, but not Clairvoyance.

Open Seal: Since Conjuring does not actually enchant an object, a prepared lock
is not considered "magical."

Blissful lgnorance: See Blur ofthe Milky Eye. Note that this Gift negates the assistance
of technological devices, including a phased motion detector (see Chapter Four)

Spirit Speech: The Garou can communicate with Benandanti in Ekstasis.

Command Spirit: This Gift has no effect on Benandanti in Ekstasis.
E:
Pulse of the Invisible: See Oblivion for Mind's Eye Theatre. A special similar Gift

called Drumbeat of the Shadow must be used to see the Underworld; thus, Pulse cannot

detect Benandanti in Eks:

corcism: This Gift has no effect on Benandanti in Ekstasis.

asis, but Drumbeat can.


Storgtalling

Spirit Drain: No effect on Benandanti in Ekstasis, even the altered form of the Gift
that works on wraiths (see Oblivion).

Malleable Spirit: Benandanti in Ekstasis cannot be reshaped with this Gift.

Spirit Vessel: Since Benandanti in Ekstasis are not Umbral, this Gift does not
affect them.

Call to Duty: The Call to Duty summons Umbral spirits, not Benandanti. A spirit
already bound by E|

hemera might not answer, dependingon the whims of the sorcerer.

Geas: Attempting to compel a creature controlled with Summoning, Binding and

Warding fails if the subject's commands conflict with the Geas.

Mindspeak: The Telepathy Numina can be used to eavesdrop on this Gift, just like
vampiric Telepathy

Body Wrack: The use of sorcerous Healing combats this Gift if the healer has the
necessary rituals to quell pain. To do so requires Advanced Healing

Spirit Friend: No effect on Benandanti in Ekstasis.
Faerie Kin: This Gift affects kinain who have the Merit: Faerie Blood (see

Chapter Two)

Control Simple Machine and Control Complex Machine: If these Gifts are used on
an object that is being manipulated with Conjuring, then the two participants engage
in a Mental

challenge to see who takes control

Obedience: If this Gift is used on a character controlled with Summoning, Binding
and Warding, the Garou must challenge the sorcerer for control instead of challenging
the target of the Gift

Summon Talisman: Ifa conjurerattempts to teleport a prepared object at the same
time that the user of this Gift calls for it, the two must engage in a Mental Challenge
ts the item.

to determine who actually ¢

Mindblock: This Gift does not block the Numina of Telepathy when used simply
to gather information. This Gift does block the Sorcery path of Summoning, Binding
and Warding, tho

Sense Magic: Use of this Gift does not detect Psychic Phenomena or True Faith,

but does sense Sorcery.
Summon the Restless Shade: This power can guide a lost Benandante back to her
body, if it is used at the site of the Benandante's supine form.

WRAITH ARCANOI
Argos: The Argos power of Oubliette does have the power to cast Benandanti into
the Tempest or freeze them in place
Castigate: None of this Arcanos' powers function on Benandanti in Ekstasis
nd

Embody: A wraith using Embody generally exists as solidified spirit energy,

as such, many powers such as sorcerous Healing do not function on the wraith's form.

wraith using Embody to actually take a physical form does make a visible target for
Telepathy, Telel
cannot be contacted later with Telepathy while in the Underworld; the Numina only

inesis and Pyrokinesis, though. A wraith who uses Embody to manifest

functions on the wraith while it is in the material world. Furthermore, using Telepathy
ona wraith is unsettling at best. The Narrator should secretly makea Simple Test with
the wraith to determine if the psychic contacts the wraith's Shadow inste:

1 of its

Psyche (or vice versa for Spectres).


Fatalism: Wraiths cannot learn this Arcanos by studying with mortals
possessing the Sorcery path of Divination, Similarly, wraiths cannot teach Divina-
tion to mortals through this Arcanos. The two powers, while similar in effect, have
different methods.

Flux: Using the Pupper Theatre art on objects controlled with Conjuring
requires thew

th to engage in a Mental Challenge with the controlling sorcerer
Inhabit: A wraith using Inhabit must make a Mental Challenge against a
sorcerer who uses Conjuring to control a Shellridden object. Psychometry immedi-
ately senses the presence of the wraith in an object.
Intimation: Although Intimation can change what a character wants, it cannot
break the compulsions of Ephemera or Summoning, Binding and Warding. Intimation

could be used to change the desires of the sorcerer, though

Keening: Since this Arcanos affects emotions, a mortal using True Faith to

resist must have at least four Faith Traits, not two. The shockwaves created by
Crescendo are powerful enough to injure a Benandante in Ekstasis.

Mnemosynis: Use of this Arcanos on mortal targets requires that the wraith

Imbody or
another similar Arcanos, or by being Risen. Conversely, Mnemosynis can be used
ona Benandante in the Underworld

extend his reach beyond the Shroud in some fashion, either by using

Moliate: This Arcanos cannot affect Benandanti in the Underworld, as

Benandanti in Ekstasis are not technically made of plasm

Outrage: As with any other object that is being controlle:
make a Physical Challenge a

» the wraith must
inst a character using Conjuring to manipulate
given object. Outrage is fully effective on pesky Benandanti

Pandemonium: When a wraith manifests strange effects across the Shroud,

Psychometry can gain insight into the wraith's emotional state if used in the area:

Phantasm: Mortals typically have no defense against this Arcanos. A
Benandante pulled out of his body through Agon is a dreaming spirit just like
anyone else, but a Benandante already in Ekstasis cannot be affected by Agon.
Puppetry: A wraith can easily Skinride the empty body of a Benandante in
Ekstasis. Most Benandante use Ephemera to set up wards against this sort of abuse
Usury: A Benandante can lose (or gain) Health Levels from this Arcanos, but
other functions have no effect on the non-wraith.
Fascinate: This Risen Arcanos is limited to the same functions as Intimation,
although obviously the Risen exists in the material world

Contaminate: This Dark Arcanos does not affect Benandanti, as they do not

have active Shadows, Of course, once the Benandante in question dies, all bets
are off

Larceny: This Dark Arcanos is fully effective at destroying Benandanti during
Ekstasis. Worse still, a Spectre could Embody and then use Larceny on the

Benandante's unguarded body. Yet another reason to set up powerful wards before
entering Ekstasis.

Shroud-Rending: Use of this Dark Arcanos is generally necessary for a
Spectre to perceive the Skinlands, but a character with the Flaw: Spectre Meat
(see Chapter Two) shows up visibly to all Spectres regardless of the use or lack
of this power.

CHANGELING ARTS

Chicanery: Concealment granted with this Art cannot be penetrated with simple

Clairvoyance. However, buried memories can sometimes be rediscovered with Telepa-
thy (see Chapter Three).
Chronos: Ifa changeling uses Chronos to "undo" ascene in which a character with

Divination already used expendable powers, the character with Divination regains the

spent powers. Thus, a character who used Divination to gain a retest and then used that
retest would regain the retest if a changeling used Chronos.

Dream Craft: Enchanted mortals and kinain may be taken into the Dreaming
with this Art. Of course, if the individual suddenly disappears, others who are not
enchanted will attempt to rationalize the disappearance away, asa result of the Mists
(see The Shining Host)

Legerdemain: Forces exerted by this power can be contested with Telekinesis or
Conjuring. Objects or creatures created by this power are fully affected by Sorcery
designed against their normal counterparts; a created bat would be subject to the
Summoning, Binding and Warding ritual Ward Against Bats, for instance.

Naming: This Art can be used to discover a mortal's True Name, but a parti:

ly
Awakened mortal (ghoul, kinain, Kinfolk, or possessed of any Intermediate Numina)
is aware of the power's use, just like a supernatural creature. Changing a subject's form
with this Art may make the subject resistant to or susceptible to different powers of
Sorcery; Summon Dog is just as effective on a cat that is transformed into a dog with
Naming as it is on a regular dog.

Primal: A changeling using Elder-Form is still considered a changeling for
purposes of the effects of Sorcery. Thus, Summon Dragon has no effect ona changeling
in dragon form, while Summon Faerie still works.

Pyretics: Fire created with this Art can be affected by Pyrokinesis and fanned if it
is real, but chimerical fire cannot be so affected even if the psychic is enchanted.

Soothsay: Sorcery that protects against scrying magic (such as a Ward versus
Faeries) can prevent the use of this power on the sorcerer.

Sovereign: The Dictum power can be resisted asa mental command by a character
with two Traits of Faith; Grandeur is emotional, and a character must have four Traits
of Faith in order to resist it with True Faith.

GENERAL ADVICE

Good Storytelling takes open-mindedness, a sense of fair play, organization,
absolute familiarity with the game rules and above all, the ability to improvise. The
best stories are often the ones spawned from player-genet

ated ideas. Characters will
have their own goals, and if these goals lead them astray froma plot the Storyteller had

in mind, it's okay as long as the players are having fun. Of course, the plot they are
neglecting could fester and grow more serious due to their inattention...

The players create the story just as much as the Storyteller does, and the
Storyteller should try toavoid steppingon their toes or railroading them back to where
he thinks they should be. A player using his imagination should be encouraged, and

in return, he may bring out aspects of the game that the Storyteller never even

considered


Sometimes, though, players don't seem to be able to see what's in front of
, put all the pieces together completely wrong. It can

sometimes be difficult for a Storyteller to figure out why this is happening; since

them, or even wors:

she has all the knowledge that the players lack. Knowing what the big picture is
supposed to be prevents her from understanding that the hints and pieces don't

easily fit together, or worse yet, fit together in an entirely unexpected way

Listening to the players can prevent these misunderstandings. A wise Story-
teller learns why the characters are leaping to conclusions, and he can either
subtly correct some |

aps in logic or decide that the players' way works better.
Then, from the player's perspectiv

THETWOTYPES OF PLAYERS

Players are

, they've actually solved it on their own.

of course will say that they come in
h as the combat twink, the angst-ridden actor, the rules lawyer

or the basement dweller. The distinction that really matters to a Storyteller is the

, unique, but many peopl

several flavors, su

sliding scale between

nactive player and a reactive player. Knowing where a player
falls on this scale can be helpful in addressing any problems that might arise
concerning her,

REACTIVE PLAYERS

These players are generally content to watch, and if something happens that
they find interesting, they respond to it. They defend against challenges more than
they initiate them. Reactive players prefer to respond to existing plots rather than

create theirown. A good reactive player easily gets involved in the Storyteller's plot,

picking up on hooks and hints because he

s paying attention. A poor reactive player
frequently complains that he is bored

ACTIVE PLATE!
These players

Eye Theatre games
They initiate challenges more frequently than they defend

ve an approach opposite to that of reactive players in Mind's

They leap into action, and always have a scheme on the go.

inst them. They are
more likely to completely ignore a Storyteller plot and go off on their own tangents.
This can be both frustrating and helpful toa $
reactive players get c

toryteller. A good active player helps
ght up in something fun, lightening the Storytellers

workload. A poor active player leads reactive players astray and uses them as

AFINAL WORD

Mind's Eye Theatre is simultaneously more intense but less personal than

AwnNs.

tabletop storytelling. While each player is there in the thick of the action, playing

‘ach is only one of many characters, and the story is not

it out moment by moment,

likely to feature any particular one as a star over the rest

The rules presented here are designed to minimize the need for the attention

of Narrators and the Storyteller once the players become familiar with them. When
the Storyteller's attention is mandatory, it usually involves something that can be
dealt with between sessions, instead of right away during the game itself

Sto reins

The most significant change from the original tabletop rules is the elimination
of foreseeing the future from mortal Numinae, In a Mind's Eye Theatre game, the
future is in the hands of the players, and the Storyteller probably can't predict it any
better than they can.

These hunter rules only begin to scratch the surface. The tabletop sourcebooks
they are adapted from contain much more depth and detail than Laws of the Hunt
can hope to encompass. For story concepts, Storytellers are encouraged to turn to the
ideas developed in The Hunters Hunted, The Inquisition, Project Twilight, Halls
of the Arcanum, The Quick and the Dead, The Autumn People, Mediums:
Speakers with the Dead and World of Darkness: Sorcerer.

=
EVOLUTION OF
MIND'S EYETHEATRE

The Mind's Eye Theatre game system undergoes constant evolution

and revision, and as such, its rules tend to change as players, Narrators and
Storytellers discover newer and better ways to handle situations. This
evolution is no great surprise — every game system goes through steps of
development — but with Mind's Eye Theatre, the feedback is immediate
(and often extensive) when a particular rule doesn't work well

The simple result of this constant evolution is that each successive
Mind's Eye Theatre book tends to have some new and different ways of
dealing with situations. In cases where rules conflict, the rules presented in
the newest book should be used, unless they are specifically designed fora case
relevant only to the new book. By way of example...

¢ Ghouls, who were treated in detail in Liber des Goules, never had

an assigned number of Trait maxima, Experience Trait expenditures, or
Discipline limitations. The rules for the Merit: Ghoul (see Chapter Two)
should take precedence here. However, the other rules in the Liber des
Goules still apply

* Garou Kinfolk received only cursory treatment in Laws of the

Wild. The rules in this book, on the other hand, provide a much more

detailed system for building mortals, and werewolf troupes may wish to use
the rules in here.

© Milicary and Espionage Influence have never before been presented in
a Mind's Eye Thi

limited just to mortal:

atre product, However, that doesn't mean that they're
A

Influences should certainly allow other characters access to them,

Storyteller who feels comfortable with these

Ofcourse, all of this development is superseded by the so-called "Golden
Rule": The Storyteller has the final say for any given game. If you prefer the
cartier rules for a particular occurrence, then by all means, use them. Just be

sure that all of your players know what your game uses.


ANTNAIN0 WLS

SUIVUL ALVOIN

SUIVML TVG

WINN

SUIVL TVID0S

SOUNTISY

SLIVMLVOISIHd

MERITS

HUMANITY TRAITS

FLATER.

(FLUENCES,

DERANGEMENTS

CHARACTER,
CHRONICLE
NATURE,
DEMEANOR,
CONCERT.
MOTIVATION,
ASSOCIATION,
BASE.

EXPERIENCE.
AGE,


BECAUSE THE MIND RB BLINI

Get ready for a new way to stay on top of
your game. In February of 1999, White Wolf
will bring you the first issue of a quarterly
publication for Mind's Eye Theatre. This
Journal is designed to round out your MET
knowledge by bringing you the latest in in-
character and game mechanic information.
Some of the regular features and one-shot
articles in the first issue will include:

¢ International Continuity — Updates
official revisions in World of Darkness
continuity beginning with changes
introduced in the new edition of Vampire:
The Masquerade.

© State of the Game —Recent news, and

insights into the gears of the live-action
mechanism.

* Ramping Up — The basics of setting up
a completely new game, and the pitfalls of
a MET game that's not properly prepared.
¢ Enochian Mysticism — Revisions of the
Nagaraja Discipline of Nihilistics.

¢ Wyld West: Frontier Felines — MET
Bastet, and the tribal advantages and
disadvantages of the Pumonca.

¢ Long Night: Combination Disciplines —
Translation notes for live-action play.

°QG&A and Rules Clarification.

And updates on major conventions
scheduled to feature live-action games.

ISSUE NOI, FEBRUARY 1999

e Minds Ege Theale rd

TBhe Camariffa

White Wolf's Official Fan Club

the midnight dance continues; don't get left bebind!

participate in Mind's eye Theatre as you never have before.
Join a chronicle that spans the globe from romantic pacis to glitzy Los angeles.

As a member, you will receive:

20% discount on products when you order directly from white wolf

the quarterly national newsletter, Requiem

An official membership card and a member handbook
access to play in a shared world of parkness Mind's eye Theatre

chronicle.

ro join, please send $20.00 to:
the camarilla
po BOX 27974

salt take city, utah 8412

974
camstuffevampire.tamu.edu
www.camarilla.org

THe Camariffa

PO. te 27974
Sal Lake Cig UT Bg 7-0974


a pl

SAVING THE MORTAL WORLD

IN A WORLD TWISTED BY DARK MAGIC AND DESPAIR, SUPERNATURAL
CREATURES RULE FROM BEHIND THE SCENES. VAMPIRES TULL STRINGS IN THEIR
DEADLY GAMES WHILE WEREWOLVES ROAM THE WOODS. MERE MORTALS ARE
PLAYTHINGS AND PUPPETS — UNTIL THEY DECIDE TO FIGHT BACK. SOME PEOPLE
KNOW THE TRUTH, AND THES@#REAR

ECESSARY

ENEMY. Now, IN LAWS OF THE Fi YOU CAN TAKE UP THE HUNTERS
MANTLE AND DISCOVER THE PERILOUS RAZOR'S EDGE OF A MORTAL ENMESHED
IN A SUPERNATURAL WORLD. BRING A NEW ANGLE TO LIVE"ACTION GAMES,
WITH MORTAL HUNTERS UPDATED FROM THE ANTAGONISTS R ULES, AND THE
ADDITION OF NEW SORCERY. IT's TIME TO SAVE HUMANITY.

THE HUNT Is ON

Per ib
Ly 4 ISBN 1-56504-505

WW5014 $15.00

cunt stipe DARKNESS
e Mind-s : je Theatre $
