# File: MET Oblivion.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Credits

Written by: Richard E. Dansky, Jennifer Hartshorn and J. Michael Rollins
Initial Material by: Geoff Fortier and Frank Branham

Development by: Richard E. Dansky
Additional Development by: Cynth
Editing by: Cynthia Summers
Previously published material has appeared
ade 2nd Edition, Laws of the Night and The Ri
Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas

Art Direction by: Aileen Miles and Lawrence Snelly

Art by: Jonathan Rhea and Josh Hancock

Cover Art: John Cobb

Cover Desgin: Lawrence Snelly

Layout and typesetting by: Matt Milberger

Mind's Eye Theatre created by: Mark Rein®Hagen, an Lemke and Mike Tinney
World of Darkness created by: Mark Rein®
While we don't have room to list all of our playtesters by name, we'd like to thank then
Your time and effort have been greatly appreciated, especially you folks in Ash
City and Milwaukee (Eek! GenCon!)

n of the illustrations in this book. These images are used
for illustrative purposes only, and not as examples of actual game play. Under no circumstances
should weapons be allowed in any game of Oblivion

Summers

Wraith: The Oblivion 2nd Edition, Masquer-
en,

+eand a quick note of thanks to J.L. Woodward for his assistance and thoughts on Wraith:
The Oblivion 2nd Edition.

© 1996 White Wolf, Inc. Alll rights reserved. Repro-
duction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews and
& the reproduction of blank character sheets for personal use
only. White Wolf and Vampire the Masquerade are regis-
tered trademarks of White Wolf, Inc.
Mind's Eye Theatre, Masquerade
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Apocalypse, Laws of the
The Risen, Sea of Shadows, Wraith the Oblivion, Wra
Players Guide and Guildbook Artificers are trademarks of
CAME STUDIO — White Wolf, inc. Allrights reserved. Allcharacters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc

The mention of or refe
uct in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or

nce toany company or prod

copyright concerned
Because of the mature themes involved, reader dis
cretion is advised.
Check out White Wolf online at hetp://wwww.white-
mes frp storyteller

wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec

PRINTED IN ADA


al

[able of Contents

Ghost Story: itle Git! Lost
Chapter One: introduction
Chapter Two: Background
Chapter Three: Character
Chapter Four: Traits
Chapter Five: Rules
Chapter Six: The Shadow
Chapter Seven: Storytelling
Chapter Eight: The Risen
Chapter Nine: Others

167
185
all
223



Ghost Story:
Little Girl Los

sock, anyway?
| That's what Jeremiah was wondering as he trotted home-
ward, the pockmarked walls of the Citadel leering down at him
as he paced its length. Up on the roof of what was an aban-
Ai) doned warehouse in the lands of the living, Legionnaires stood
silent watch by the light of soulfire torches. The ruddy light
flickered off of their armor and drawn blades, and cast mon-
strous shadows down the Citadel's side. Through the windows, masked and chained
& wraiths could be seen moving about, always backlit by the same soulfire glow. From
somewhere inside came the dim ringing of a hammer and the occasional moan of a

Thrall.

Jeremiah ignored it all. It was just business as usual in the Shadowlands, and
he'd long since grown used to it. Part of him was appalled that he was able to ignore

5 what was going on behind those warehouse walls, but there was no other way to
Ld survive here in the Underworld.
You could always go mad, hissed a voice in the back of his mind. I'm told it's very
therapeutic.
"Get stuffed, Shadow," Jeremiah mumbled as he passed the last set of watchgates.
ie The pair of guards stationed there stared after him, but made no move to follow.

Everyone in the Underworld had a Shadow to deal with, a dark side with a voice that
lived in the back of their head, and these two soldiers had obviously been around
long enough to recognize Jeremiah's mutterings for what they were: a way of keeping

control. Occasionally a wraith's Shadow could get loose and take over his Corpus —
his ghostly body — with terrifying consequences. Jeremiah had no doubt that had
his Shadow come out in front of the guards, he'd have been instantly subdued and
chained.

Or worse, his Shadow cackled. Or worse...

"I don't need this crap, Shadow. I've got an appointment with the weirdest
ghost I've ever met in 10 minutes, and if you're going to get pissy on me now, I'm
heading to a Pardoner right after the meeting ends. He'll Castigate your skanky butt
so hard I won't hear from you for a month."

You're bluffing, the Shadow replied, but there was an edge of fear in its voice.
You don't have the relics to pay for that.

"And I don't have the time to listen to you. There's a little dead girl whom I
need to go see right now."

Then you'd better watch where you're going, Jerry. | think you might have just taken
@ wrong turn...

There was a sudden, vicious edge to the Shadow's voice. Jeremiah had heard
that edge before, just before his Shadow had taken him over — or just before he'd
gotten Harrowed. He stopped, looked up, and cursed.

He had taken a wrong turn, that much was obvious. Ramshackle brick buildings
squatted on both sides of the litter-choked street he stood in, and empty windows
like hungry mouths gaped from their sides. Cars on blocks, their windshields
spiderwebbed with cracks, lined the road, and a dimly flickering neon sign dangled
like a hanged man from a crumbling fagade. Dimly visible, a living derelict shivered
under a blanket of newspaper. Jeremiah could read the man's death in the desiccated
lines of his face. It was coming soon.

‘There was a scraping sound behind him, and Jeremiah turned.

Surprise...

There were three of them, Renegades by their look. As a law-abiding Hierarchy
wraith, Jeremiah had heard about Renegades. Some called themselves freedom fight-
ers, some were self-proclaimed peace activists and some — well, some were what
could politely be called "thugs."

Ata hunch, Jeremiah guessed that this trio fit into the latter category. Alll were
well over six feet tall, dwarfing him. Their faces were covered by gruesome masks,
demonic caricatures of human features. Draped in ragged chainmail and leather, they
were armed with a variety of blunt and bladed weapons, all prominently displayed.
What drew Jeremiah's attention, though was the glistening set of manacles that the
Renegade on the left wore at his belt.

Got your name on them, pal. Gonna be a hot time in the old soulforge for us tonight.

Gritting his teeth, Jeremiah did his best to ignore the cackling in his head.
Taking a careful step backward, he raised his hands in the universal "no weapons"
gesture. "Hey, guys, I'm lost. I was wondering if you knew where that little girl with
all the relic socks has her haunt? I'm supposed to meet her in a few minutes, see,
and..." He trailed off as muffled laughter echoed out from behind the three masks.

"Oh yes, the little girl," The Renegade in the middle spoke, phrasing his re-
sponse in a brutal parody of a high-class English accent. "Well, let's see. You go up


two lights, make a left at the Nihil, and...damn, I know I'm forgetting something.
Jasper, what am I forgetting here?"

"You forgot," the second wraith said even as he stepped forward, swinging a
length of whistling chain, "the first step."

"And what might that be?" They were toying with him now, spreading out to
cut off his escape routes even as he backpedaled.

"First we nab his ass and sell him, that's what. Tré, grab him!"

Jeremiah turned to run but even as he pivoted, his arms were seized in an alliga-
tor-jaw grip. A silhouette sprouting ftom behind him announced the arrival of the
mysterious Tré, and the other two moved forward with manacles dangling.

"Damn, no trouble at all, man. No trouble at— aggh! The bastard's a Shaper!"
He screamed and pulled back punctured hands that leaked plasm. Jeremiah ducked
and spun away from his stumbling captot even as the spikes he'd sprouted from his
arms flowed back into his Corpus. Jasper and the first Renegade grabbed for him, but
he dodged them and threaded his way left, in between a pair of derelict cars and
towards the front of a building. Behind him, Jasper was following while the other two
fanned out to either side. There was only one way to go: into the building.

He took a deep breath and plunged through the wall. There was the momentary
feeling of dissolution that he hated so much, and then Jeremiah was inside.

The building was burned out and blackened. Away to the left stairs led up to a
ragged second floor, and he dove for them. Behind him, he could hear curses as his
pursuers followed him through the solid surface. Eyes wide, he scrambled up the
stairs and cut a hard right into what had obviously once been a nursery. Relic toys lay
scattered on the ground, enough to bring him a small fortune at the local bazaar if he
got out of here in one piece. The room's real status was plain enough to see: black-
ened and empty, with jagged teeth of glass in the maw of its window. But the memo-
ties of someone's childhood lingered here, in the form of ghostly furniture in faded
pastels and a dangling, sad mobile. Phantom blocks scattered underfoot as Jeremiah
stumbled in looking for escape, even as the pounding of feet on the stairs warned him
that his pursuers were gaining on him.

A half-opened door on the far side of the room beckoned, and he dove in.
Streaming light indicated that the back wall of the closet he found himself in had
been burned away, so he ducked under a rotting two by four (probably real, he noted
to himself) and into the next room. Behind him he could hear voices in the room
he'd just vacated. From the sound of things, the Renegades had paused to confiscate
the relic toys.

Silently praying, Jeremiah didn't dare move. Maybe the relics will be enough,
he thought. Maybe they'll give up. Maybe they'll be satisfied with what they have.
‘Ordinarily these three clowns wouldn't have worried him quite so much. He knew
enough Moliate to be nasty in a fight, and Jasper and company didn't look like they
knew much about tactics. If all things had been equal, he would have had no hesita-
tion taking the Renegades on. But all things weren't equal. He'd burned up most of
his Pathos getting the single sock his contact wanted, and his Shadow was also get-
ting perilously strong. If he got in a fight, it might get out, and then there'd really be
hell to pay. He was tired, hurting and lost, and just wanted to escape. Maybe I'll get
lucky this time, please God, he thought.


He heard cautious footsteps in the closet. And maybe you're just screwed, his
Shadow hissed.

With a silent curse, Jeremiah backed toward the window. He didn't want to
have to jump and risk Discorporating himself into a Harrowing, but now he heard
footsteps in the hall as well. He was boxed in.

He'd taken all of perhaps three steps when Tré phased in through the hallway
door. At the same time, Jasper and his friend emerged from the closet, their pockets
bulging with stolen relics. "Playtime's over, little wraith," said Tré softly. "Time for us
to take you to school." A rag doll dangled half out of the pocket of his ragged biker
jacket. Its head bobbed and lolled like the doll had been hanged, and its arms flapped
with each step the Renegade took closer.

"Those are my toys. What are you doing with them?" It was a new voice, a little
girl's voice.

The little girl. Where the hell did she come from?, Jeremiah's Shadow demanded,
and he had no answer. Apparently the Renegades were just as stunned, as they stopped
advancing and stared at the newcomer.

She appeared young, perhaps six or seven, and wore a blue frock. A headband
pushed her long hair away from her face, and her features were pretty in a childish
way. Mismatched striped socks were pulled up to her knees, and dirt-scarred Keds
were on her feet. In her left hand was the ghost of a teddy bear.

Her eyes, though, were what scared Jeremiah. They seemed old, far too old for a
little girl. They looked like they'd seen more than any little girl should have, alive or
dead.

The Renegades didn't seem impressed. Laughing, they started forward again.

The little girl took a step back. "This is my house. I didn't invite you in here,
and I want you to leave. Now." There was steel in her voice, but the intruders missed
it. Jeremiah started stepping back, too. Too quickly, though, his shoulderblades hit
wall. There was nowhere to go.

"Tell you what, little girl." Jasper was talking, using the want-some-candy-little-
girl voice immortalized by a thousand TV perverts. "Why don't you and your toys
both come with us, and you can come play over at our place." His left hand was
behind his back, clutching a gently jingling pair of cuffs linked by black chain.

She appeared puzzled, even as the other two stifled titters of laughter. "Can my
friend come, too?" she said, pointing at Jeremiah.

"Of course, and he'll play with you, too. We'll all play together."

"I don't know. | like to play here."

"Yes, but our place has other toys that you'll like. Doesn't it, Tré?"

Tré shook alert for a second. "Wh...yes, yes it does. Lots of toys."

The little girl sighed and let her teddy bear drop to the floor. Jeremiah felt the
strength leave him, and started turning to the window. It would be too late, though.
He knew it. As if through a howling windstorm, he could hear the little girl speak-
ing. She was saying, "Really, how stupid do you think I am?"

Then everything was happening, all at once. In slow motion Jeremiah saw Jas-
per leap for the litcle girl, saw Tré and the other Renegade lurching for him, felt his
footing slip as he tried to leap for the window.

teen Ww


€S 13

et ie |

And he heard the little girl open her mouth and howl.

It was all the shrieks of all the pain of all the abused children in history. It was
every sworn vengeance against a hated parent, and every cry of pain ever ripped out
of the loser of a schoolyard fight. It was all of these and more, and the little girl
turned it loose on three Renegades who thought she was easy prey.

Jasper, too close to flee, simply had his Corpus shredded away by the force of the
scream. Before he'd ended his leap, he'd been flayed to shreds, the tattered remains
drifting into a Nihil and down to a Harrowing. The other two turned to flee but
never made it, as the howl wound its way around them.

Tré had been begging for mercy when the Nihil claimed him. The other went
silently.

As for Jeremiah, caught in the storm, he felt the plasm bursting out of his eyes
and ears, felt the terrible pain inside his mind, and he and his Shadow screamed as
one as they fainted.

Trmust have been hours later when he awoke, crammed into a chair made for a
much smaller person. The little girl sat across from him at a relic table. A toy tea set
had been set out in proper array between the two of them, and in a third chair to the
side of the table, the teddy bear sat with an approving grin. Looking at him, the little
girl smiled.

"Mommy always said to be polite to invited guests," she said. "Now, do you have
my sock?"



Chapter One
Introduction

his game is probably different from anything you've ever played.
In some ways, it's not really a game at all. There is no board, there
are no dice, and there is no set way of winning. Oblivion is more
concerned with stories than rules. In fact, this game has more in
common with childhood games than with Trivial Pursuit or Mo-
nopoly. This game allows you to confront the darkness inside us all;
it enables you to assume the role of a ghost caught between the
need to cling to the living and the necessity of moving on.

If you have never played in a live-action roleplaying game, be prepared for a
unique experience. Even if you've been playing table-top roleplaying games for years,
you will find that live-action gaming feels different. The game doesn't exist solely in
your mind any more; now it comes to life around you. The rush of adrenaline and the
feeling of "being" your character is much more intense. We have a name for this style
of game. We call it Mind's Eye Theatre.

qhe Art of Storyteling

Before you become engrossed in the rules sections, remember that Oblivion is
first and foremost a storytelling game. A good story should take precedence over a
tule. If everyone involved in a dispute can agree on the outcome that contradicts the
tules of this book, then ignore the rules. Rules are a safety net for when players can't
decide what should happen in a situation, and a way to get everyone to agree on
what should happen. They should not be the be-all and end-all of your game, other-


Ww" RAO th

©} pag] 298u0] OU St owe ay] "wNIpaw axp Jo suoNeITUN] ay Butdedso soajoaut
Buyjaxdsoas jo ue ayp 07 sBunq SurweEs uonoe-—aay rey ytys Jofew saspouy
~suodejd aup Jo saysisuy pue suonse ays ySnonp Ajaarsnpoxe 0} Jo
nd panouy Ajpysn ayy Woy
‘gest jaaerun [pi Aroys ayp "yonj Aue yA saTJavd4oxg ayp Woy indur jeururw ATUO
yam Aaoas ayp aavaa> pue syaxsezeY> s1oyp ano Ie UAYp ss9keId ay] "ssa4e]d 03 suon
ead 49]]92K

Bupemoy |]ny ayp 02 sauasaad Ayjentut sayfaxAs0Ig ayp 9}

-duiosop pur s9jnu jo suze ut prom aus saquosap pue s[eo8 pu seapt sai
"01g 2Y1| "PHO azaua a~p aquasap 02 aaky 10U s90p J9]]9240Ig aU ‘9DUO Ie A10I8 e
Bury] ae a]doad sow 30 pospuny e way "s1ode]d ay Jo spuey ayp UI 31 saoejd pur
Sumias yp Jo jonWOD axp jo Yonu soyed ‘pueYy Joyo ap UO ‘Burwres uorde-aArT

uoLygo
; quieayy
UOIANO qaeayy worAHqO PUL

rypreayy, woIATGO

‘sured siaoeseyp yenpraut srayp 4yuo Sunnginuos siakejd ay yam ‘iors ayp jo sow sare
-21D pur ppoMm sup Ut SuryrAzaAa ApseaU Jo JONUOD [e102 Sey JD]JaxkIOIg BY] "sFOIUNODUD

dnou3 Surures axp yo asay ay aetp siIOeIEYD ;eUORIppe Aue puE Pjiom aMUD ay aquOsap

01 sey s2]]91410Ng xp "Buns Jo 220s sip Uy "uosIad auO Jo JoNUOD ax JapuN Auors ayp
Jo SOU Saavay j]n8 "aons v SuNeasD ut ajdoad sulof a1 apm ‘SurAeydajor dor-ayqey,

speed Suet uowpy-aAr] ay]

"ypiew UPD MOYs UOISTA
-2]93 40 ataow ow ey TNAUTYST|dUIODDe Jo BuT]>9y v 9a18 ueD pauaddey Aypenase wey
Bujurwaerep ut jeroard azam Nod azaym ours e Ie 49eq YOO] 02 IIGe 2q OF "Surprem
91 Ayqipas9ut aq ued a]nsax pua ays ing ‘aye1 0} days 81g e §az -soYANe-09 pue 10298
tog aze nox yoy uF auo KuoIs Mau e aIe—x9 djoy 01 BuTDaI8e axe NOA yoo sty

Suypear Aq ‘uorar4Q Jo owed e Surujo! Ag "ox0U Aue sa1s0Is UMO TI9Y ay

0) paou

2,Uop Aap aaatjaq ajdoad awos pur ‘saaanos satpo puesnoyp & pue rouzaIUT ap AL
ay? Woy UT FuIpooy auoo savI0Is as0y | "sIayIO Aq Pjor sauOIS ayp O2 UaISt] 02 ATU
1UaIUOD ‘911036 []93 02 axIsap sYayp dn usAl8 aaey adoad Auew siea

yua2ai Uy

‘Suywes ut Suyjardsoys pue uN" Pat] Jo saLepunog ayp a10]dx9 02 adwane ue
SI spuvy anod wI ploy Nok yoog ayy, "saueS _39] 9242025, [29 2m ey Jo UONwAID aya
02 pay sey Yo!ym ‘Aroas pur saqoereyp uo siseydwa oy useq sey auer0dun ysow ay
jo 90 "uatp a2uts Uayed sey Sure yorym suoN.aNp Aue aUp JO "SQL, ay Jo saweT
Surdejdojor dor-ajqea asxy ays Jo ano avauB_Yorys ‘SutAepdajos uoNe-aal] Jo IY st

Buyp]2241038 Jo spoypau asamiau axp Jo AUG "astAUAYO predy] DALY J9A9U TYSTU dm so1z0Is

aay] 02 sh pajqeua puk ‘stayz0 02 saye2 ano pase aaeY SYoMIoU JoINdwoD UdAd pue
UoIsIAa|=1 ‘euteIp ‘orpes ‘syoog "saH01s sno ]]91 02 eIpaut jo sadAa astaarp A[qIpassUT
pareaio aaey am ‘sory soup punose uawaaed Aq por safe Jo skep asarprea ayp aIUIg
m se SuO] se Joy saiors Suyyjar uaaq sey puryueyy

"ypaads jo samod aup pey
380] 298 ue>
[etoads os Sur4vjdajos uone-aaty sayeu Jet UONes|Aosdun pue Aaraueruods aup asian


m.

words and imagination. Costuming, props and other visual cues can be an integral
part of a live game. Instead of a Storyteller describing two people talking across the
room, the players actually see them standing in the corner whispering. A long, dimly
lit corridor covered in a threadbare carpet can be seen (and if necessary avoided)
rather than just described. A moonlit courtyard scoured by a wind that whips cloaks
and skirts around bodies — living things that can be experienced by the flesh, rather
than just the imagination.

Roleplaying

When you play Oblivion, you take on the persona of a wraith. This is a charac-
teryou invent and then roleplay over the course of a story and perhaps a chronicle (a
series of connected stories). The life of your character is in your hands, for you decide
what your character does and says. For the purposes of the game, you are your charac-
ter. You decide what risks to accept or decline. Everything you say or do has an effect
‘on the world.

During the game, you should always speak as your character, Unless you're talk-
ing to a Narrator or Storyteller, whatever you say is what your character says. Be-
‘cause most of what a Mind's Eye Theatre player perceives will depend on the char-
acters around him, players must be vivid and expressive. The characters direct the
plot, but at the same time, the events of the game guide and develop the characters,
helping them to weave the seamless tapestry of a story.

To an extent, as a player in a storytelling game, you have a responsibility be-
yond simply portraying your character. Sometimes players need to consider the story
as a whole rather than just their individual goals and satisfaction, and often players
should make sure that other players enjoy the game. In the end, you should make
Sure that your actions do not completely ruin the story, for the story is as important
as the characters.

Characters for Oblivion are easy to create. It takes about 10 minutes to work
out a basic personality and characteristics. However, that's just the beginning. The
process of creating your character will never really end, because she will always be
learning and experiencing new things in every game you play, but even before your
first game starts, it takes some effort to turn the collection of Traits and statistics into
a living, breathing (so to speak) whole. Remember, the character you create is the
person you're going to be for at least a night, and probably longer. The idea is to
create for yourself a role that is different enough from your real persona to be enjoy-
able to play, but with enough of you in it for you to be comfortable. Both statistics
(called Traits) and a believable combination of story and personality are necessary to
create a character who is enjoyable to play. When Frankenstein created his monster,
the task of sewing together the available parts was relatively easy, if not always thrill-
ing. Providing the final spark of life was difficult, but much more exciting.

Cast

Most of the players involved in any given game of Oblivion will create and
roleplay characters. Players are members of the cast, and their characters are central
to the story. Being a cast member does not demand as much responsibility as being


Oblivion

one of the people who helps run the game, but it does demand as much creativity and
concentration

Asa
achieving goals or helping others to do so within the context of the story. Making

‘ast member, you try to do things that allow your character to "succeed,"

sure that your goals, strategies and schemes are carried out, and that events work to

your advantage while all of the other players are doing the same thing creates the

tension that drives the game's story.

Narrators
Any story requires at least one person to serve as its narrator. In Mind's Eye
Theatre, Narrator is the name given to a person who runs the game as a whole rather

than just her individual character. The impartial judges who run the game, Narrators

describe scenes and events that cannot be staged, adjudicate rules, and occasionally

play the roles of antagonists. Generally, enlisting one Narrator for every six players is
a good ratio. That ratio can be adjusted, as the best number of Narrators for your
game usually depends upon how much experience the people in your

The Narrator

Narrators also take care of what happens when a character decides to interact with
something in the game other than another character. If a character needs to sneak past a
watchful Centurion or access data from a computer in the lands of the living, the Narra-
tor plays the Centurion and determines how difficult the data is to retrieve. Anything a
player's imagination can conjure, a Narrator may be called upon to recreate.

Storyteller

The Storyteller is the ultimate authority and final judge in Oblivion. The Sto-
ryteller creates the elements of the story that is being told, and is in charge of making
sure that the story unfolds well. Being the

Storyteller is a demanding job, but it can

all

be the most rewarding of all, for the Storyteller is the weaver of the tapestry t
of the other players detail

Rules

Although the main idea of this game is to roleplay and tell stories, Oblivion still

contains rules. They are needed to resolve what happens when a character does some-

ra

thing that the player cannot do (like walking through a wall or m

aking portraits

bleed) or does not want to do (like engaging in combat with another character)


or =

|< ChaperQelnotction |

qhe Storytellers Role

As the Storyteller, it is your responsibility the wheels of the yin
motion and make sure that they keep rolling. This not mean that you dic

tate the course of the plot — that is the job of the cast. You must make sure that

the basis fora plot exists. You do not tell a story. Rather, you create the "chemi

cals" and elements of the plot and turn the cast loose in order see what happens
hen Me f your rk happ ame begins:
fter that, the players usually rake over
During the game, howev e forever watchful and ready to cre
ate new elements to add to the mix to make sure that the story works out well
You have to make sure that everyone is involved in the and in the game. If
Narrator, There are always crises that come up during a game — char
queezed out of plotlines, unforseen plot developments, unanticipated
ictions of major characters —and you must be ready to leap into the breach
correct these problems before they drag your entire plot down:
You are also the ultimate arbiter of r court of last resort, Other
Narrators will handle many judgme you, but sometimes a decision may
impact « story. At that point, your Narra ast will

judgment

Rules are necessary to settle arguments — otherwise the game would bog down in

the schoolyard dynamics of "Bang, bang, you're dead!" "

su missed!" — and they
add a vital measure of consistency to events in your world. Furthermore, the rules of

Mind's Eye Theatre in general and Oblivion in particular are designed to fit smoothly

into gameplay and facilitate it, rather than delay it aple contest (see the Lexi

‘olution of disputes or conflicts, then it's back to

con) enables quick and easy t
roleplaying

y are part of the game, not the game itself. The
ble for all playe

way for all of your players. They

While rules are important, t

tules should serve to make things as fair a making certain

that the world of your game f

should not serve to limit rolepl haracter interactions, nor should

they be consulted like a sacred text at every opportu

After all, the characters

me a rule is

f their existence st exist

don't know the "rules'

every time a ruleby ened, the illus

Winners and Losers

There is r

real way t a game wh lay Oblivion. Your character

ons that grant the laurels of
de.

no point at which your character

can do wel oly, but t e no concrete cond

ns and goals that help y

Victory. Your character motivat

a story, but there

cide what her aspir:

r, there will alway

will reach some sort of lay pir

make y haracter's afterlife interesting.

sal of Mind's Eye Theatre is to ii

playing, then you certair

goals, challenges and

the story

Ultimately, th

have fun doing it. If you have der you


Te Only les Tal

ant

Mind's Eye Theatre troupe

ais only asa

This
the Void, ifap

Sharing your brill
local ¢

Jay to dise

*)—No touching

No touc
chancesthat som
situation, and
g, jumping
ergetic be

FO livion i Ss

Matter

tules of MET, the only o1

there areal

Jangerous to a solid
to make certain that

vith your games

ame. If a character falls int
ame. Don't take

so the enjoyment

to blur, step

et in

er healthy

‘mal Oblivion is a
er, remember that
will have

ff as well.
cappucino at a

4. A.M. on Sun:

much of a
er stressful
ntally
handeliers through
a 's that can result in some
ion. If can imagine

cansure as heck imagine

re real. However, real weapons

id we're talking sword canes,


Chapter Oe lntodton

peace-bonded claymores, rabid trained attack gerbils, matte-black painted

waterguns, and sword-shaped toothpicks from a martini) are a definite no-no.
There are too many paranoid people in, the world who will see a prop gun and
mistake it for a real one, or who will see a-costume dagger and start screaming for
the police. Plus, there's the ever-present threat of someone getting hurt. No mat-
ter how much having a sword fits your character concept, leave the real thing
home. If you bring it, it's inevitable that the one time you unsheathe it to show it
iff, some idiot will come pelting around the comer and neatly skewer himself on
it. The illusion is not worth risking anyone's safety

#4 —No drugs or drinking

This one isa real no-brainer. Drugs and alcohol are a way of distancing you
from yourself, Roleplaying gives you the chance to be someone else. Why go to
ull the trouble of creating another persona to inhabit if you're just going to wait
der out of that persona in a haze?

On a more serious note, players who are impaired by drugs or alcohol repre-
sent a danger to'other players and a threat to the flow and mood of the game
There's nothing wrong with playing a character who's drunk or stoned, but actue
ally bring gs ot alcohol into a game is going too far, not to mention the fact
that it's illegal. Don't do it

*5 — feel free to ignore or adjust any ofthe rules inthis

book if it will make your game better.

We at White Wolf call this "The Golden Rule." Obviously, it should be
applied within limits, and rules changes should be consistent throughout a troupe

On the other hand, if your troupe fi 2 way to handle, say, Argos, that works
better for you than the one in this book does, by all means go for it

#6 — Remember, not everyone is playin.

While "freaking the mundanes" can be fun, remember that a game can be
unnerving ot even frightening ta pemeershye Be considarare of Abnplajersin! vGun
vicinity, and make sure that if you're in a public area, your gameplay actions
aren't going to alarm random civilians to the point where security or the police
are called on you. Explaining to a policeman at 3 A.M. thar you weren't really
beating anyone up on the lawn, youavere just dra our fiends soul dwar
the Void is often an exercise in futility

7 — Have fun,

Nor "win." Not "Go out and kill everyone else." Just "Have fun," because in
Oblivion it's not about how the game ends, it's about everything that happens to
you along the way


have "lost" in a game, no matter what happens to your character. Sure, it's more fun to
succeed in whatever quest your character has, but that doesn't mean that the destination
is more important than the journey. The roleplaying you do to set up your goals and
actions can be as rewarding as your ultimate "success" in any given endeavor.

Props

In order for others to visualize your character, you might choose to wear a cos-
tume and employ props. You must not use anything that can harm you or another
cast member (see above). Guns, swords, garottes, motorcycle chains, asegais, nunchuks
and other real or imitation weapons are strictly forbidden. The Mind's Eye Theatre
system uses a bidding system in place of any actual physical combat. A player with a
weapon might be tempted to hit someone with it or wave it about in a threatening
manner. Actual physical danger is never an element in the game.

Cool costumes, jewelry, makeup and the like are strongly encouraged. Some
people get heavily into costuming when playing the game, and other players appreci-
ate the effort involved in creating a ghostly appearance. Costuming, ranging from
period clothing to dangling chains to masks, is also a good way to help create mood
in both yourself and other players. A player should bring whatever she needs to the
Mind's Eye Theatre event to evoke the persona of her character.

Chronicle

Hopefully, you'll want to play Oblivion more than once. Each time you play,
you may choose to create a new character for a brand-new story, or you can play the
same character for evening after evening. Your persona can develop like a character
ina novel instead of disappearing after one brief moment in the spotlight. By playing
in an extended chronicle — a whole series of stories — with the same character, you
can help your character to develop and grow, gaining new allies, status, influence
and power. There's also the possibility that your character might spiral down to the
Void itself, seeking ultimate annihilation of the self. Both possibilities offer the po-
tential for spectacular journeys and superb roleplaying experiences.

qhe World of Darkness

The world of Oblivion is a dark reflection of our own. Here, beauty and corruption
stand out in greater contrast; everything is monolithic, majestic and twisted. Though
faith and human spirit remain strong, greed and dispair seem stronger still. The Gothic-
Punk world that Oblivion takes place in is a darker, more violent version of our own.
"Punk" is reflected in the rejection of society by many young people, who demonstrate
their rebellion with everything from unconventional dress to violence against "the Sys-
tem." Trapped in a cold and bleak world, they reject a society that will not accept them
and struggle in the hope of something better down the road.

But moreso than in Oblivion's companion games Masquerade and Apocalypse,
Oblivion concentrates on the Gothic part of the equation. Think back to the Gothic
novels you've read and period films you've seen. Whether the setting is a darkly forbid-
ding city of glass and steel or a crumbling castle, there is always the sense of an era that
now exists only in memory, of a time and place unlike our own. This sense of what was

I LE

‘once new and shining covered in cobwebs and grime is present from the nightmarish
‘Gotham City of the Batman films to Dracula' crumbling Carfax Abbey to even the vaguely
art deco landscapes of the Giger-Gibson futures. What was once elegant or avant-garde is
now faded, and the fading colors and crumbling fagades inspire both terror and pity.

Another part of the Gothic ambiance is the sense of isolation. Whether the charac-
ters are alone on the Yorkshire moors or in the midst of a Manhattan cocktail party, they
will never again be a part of the world of the living. Consider the mystery novels you've
read, in which somehow the telephone wires are cut, the cars disabled, and the charac-
ters trapped together, isolated from any source of help. This can be a terrifying situation
for most modern people, who are used to having the entire world only a phone call away.
But just as this isolation invokes an atmosphere of desperation and terror, it also forces
the characters to realize that they can only rely upon each other, and that they alone will
have to take responsibility for their fates. For many of the Restless, this is a difficult but
absolutely essential lesson to learn upon crossing the Shroud.

Ofcourse, there are many among the Restless who would try to forget all of this.
They run with the living, losing themselves in the overwhelming onslaught of night-
clubs, with their myriad flashing lights and booming basslines. The Restless come to
these places to forget, just as the Quick do. Two hundred people are packed onto a
dance floor, each trying to escape, to lose themselves in light, sound and movement.
Yet even there, there is little or no contact between people. They are as alone on the
dance floor as they would be were they adrift on a desolate ocean.

Both of these types of locations, the haunted mansion or the ultra-modern club,
can be appropriate for a game of Oblivion. Your choice of location will effect the
mood and atmosphere of the game greatly, so choose wisely and be prepared to stand
by your choice. After all, your characters are going to be spending eternity there.

itCant Rain Al the ime

Beyond all of this, there must always be a sense of hope. Anyone who is over-
come by the sense of decay and despair of the Shadowlands becomes easy prey for her
Shadow, and will probably spiral down to the Void in no time at all. Wraiths survive
in this bleak world because of their Passions, their overwhelming emotional needs
that give them reason to go on existing. For many wraiths, it is only after their deaths
that they find a reason to live.

While a wraith's existence is often grim and it is sometimes hard to find a rea-
$0n to struggle on, that is just what each character must do, Each soul lost to Oblivion
is a tragedy, but each soul that resists Oblivion's cold call can make it a little bit
easier for everyone else to resist as well.

he realm of the dead, also known as the Underworld, is made
up of three main parts. The first one a new wraith will encoun-
ter is known among the Restless as the Shadowlands. A grim
reflection of the world of the Quick, the Shadowlands are
stained with decay and the perfume of death infuses everything.
This is where most Oblivion games will take place, for it is


only in the Shadowlands that wraiths can remain in a semblance of the real world.
The Shadowlands are separated from the lands of the living (or Skinlands) by a
metaphysical barrier called the Shroud.

Another area of the Underworld that wraiths may encounter is the Tempest.
An eternal storm that rages just below the surface of the Shadowlands' reality, it is
reachable through pits known as Nihils, or by use of the Argos Arcanos. The Tem-
pest is used to travel quickly from one point to another in the Shadowlands, without
traversing the distance between. In most games of Oblivion, the Tempest will prob-
ably be used chiefly as a travel realm, rather than as an actual story setting.

Deep within the Tempest is the third sort of territory known in the Under-
world. It is here that we find Stygia, home of the Hierarchy and capital of Charon's
empire. Further into the Tempest are the islands known as the Far Shores, as well as
the other Deadlands or Dark Kingdoms. Many wraiths see the Far Shores as places of
peace and tranquility, but official Hierarchy policy is that they are more Purgatory
than Paradise.

Distant from Stygia and the Far Shores are the various other Dark Kingdoms, to
which the Dead from many lands pass on. Like Stygia, each of these lands has a
system for classifying and dealing with the many souls that pass through its gates, but
few from the West have journeyed to these lands and returned.

While tales of Stygia and her sister kingdoms across the Sea of Shadows abound,
few wraiths in the Shadowlands have seen these places first-hand. Not only is the jour-
ney dangerous, even to the dead, but most wraiths are tied to the lands of the living by
what are called Fetters. Items, places or people of great importance to the wraith in life,
they anchor a Restless against Oblivion's relentless pull but can also hinder her from
traveling far from them. Wraiths who lose all of their Fetters cannot return to the
Shadowlands, but must dwell in Stygia and the Tempest; wraiths with Fetters often find
their movement and actions impeded if they travel too far from them.

Another reason few travelers journey far in the Underworld is surely the fact
that the Tempest is without a doubt the most dangerous and terrifying "place" any
wraith will ever know. Navigation is difficult for even the most seasoned wraith,
given the ever-shifting scenery and murky quality of the Tempest. The Tempest is
also home to a great many Spectres, who search its cloudy depths for unsuspecting
wraiths to capture and either destroy or convert to the worship of Oblivion.

The Dark Side

Every wraiths dark side has a voice and a personality, and it will put the two to the
best use it can imagine. Known as the Shadow, this side of the wraith's persona seeks
nothing more than to drag the wraith down to Oblivion. Of course, each Shadow is
different and has unique motivations, drives and tastes. Shadows will even sometimes
help their other halves, making their inevitable betrayals all the more shocking.

Harrowings

An important part of the process by which a wraith can be sucked down to the
Void is the Harrowing. A psychological passion play directed by the Shadow and
performed by Spectres, a Harrowing occurs whenever a wraith has used up all of a


certain kind of Trait (usually Corpus, sometimes Willpower) or loses a Passion or
Fetter. When a Harrowing starts, the wraith falls into the Tempest and sometimes
even further, to the Labyrinth the Spectres call home. There the Harrowing is per-
formed, and any wraith trapped in one may well be destroyed. Wraiths who escape
Harrowings return to one of their Fetters.

lexicon

A new existence calls for new terms with which to describe it. Below are some
of the phrases and names used to define Underworld existence.
Abilities: The measure of a wraith's expertise in specific fields. Measured in Traits.
Agency, The: Slang for the bureaucracy of the Hierarchy.
Aggravated wounds: Wounds inflicted by a special source (fire, Stygian steel, etc.)
that are especially difficult to heal.
Angst: The negative mental energy that the Shadow (and Spectres) feed upon and
use.
Arcanos: One of the supernatural abilities that wraiths possess, allowing them to
affect the living and the dead. Plural is Arcanoi.
Arcanum, The: A collection of scholars and ghost-hunters among the Quick.
Archetypes: Basic personality types, from which Nature and Demeanor are chosen.
Arisen: Wraiths who have Transcended.
Artifact: An object in the Underworld that has unusual powers of some sort.
Attributes: The measure of a wraith's basic Physical, Social and Mental statistics.
Measured in Traits.
Bidding: Part of the mechanism of challenges. The risking of Traits in order to win a
challenge.
Body Snatcher: A wraith who possesses the living.

_ Boo Job: A premeditated attempt to scare the Quick.

Boojum: A nasty critter, usually one of the unidentified denizens of the Tempest.
Byway: A stable path through the Tempest.
Caul, The: The amniotic sac of a wraith's birth into the Shadowlands. The translu-
cent covering made from ectoplasm with which all wraiths are reborn.
Challenges: The method by which disputes are settled in Oblivion.
‘Charon: Founder and ruler of the Hierarchy, missing since 1945.
Circle: A group of wraiths, usually engaged upon common business.
Citadel: The central building and stronghold of a Necropolis.
Cohort: A Circle composed of Hierarchy-affiliated wraiths. Cohorts are supposed to
have 10 members.
Consort: A living person attuned to be used as a Host.
Corpus: The "body" of a wraith. Plural is Corpora.

Cult: An unflattering name for one of the countless Heretic sects.

Deathlord: One of the seven wraiths currently ruling the Hierarchy. Each has do-
minion over the victims of a certain sort of death (i.e., violence, pestilence, mystery,
etc.).


Derangements: Mental instabilities acquired by wraiths during their unliving exist-
ence.

Dictum Mortuum: Charon's decree forbidding trafficking with mortals.

Domain: Territory held by a wraith or a Circle of wraiths.

Doomsday: The day when Oblivion swallows everything; conversely, the day when
the Shadowlands and Skinlands merge. Doomsday features prominently in many
Heretic cults' philosophies, even if no two Heretics can agree as to what exactly it is.
Doomshade: A Spectre.

Doomslayer: A wraith who specializes in hunting Spectres.

Drone: The shell of a wraith, doomed to endlessly repeat a single task until claimed
by Oblivion. Drones have no mind or will

Enfant: A wraith just reborn into the Underworld, usually encased in a Caul.
Experience: Points given to characters as they progress through multiple games. Used
for increasing the character's statistics and powers.

Far Shores, The: The lands across the Tempest, supposedly corresponding to Heaven,
Hell and more.

Fetters: Those things that remain in the lands of the living that tie a wraith to her
old life.

Freewraith: A wraith who is not actively serving in the military.

Gang: A

Garou: A werewolf; what werewolves call themselves.

cle of Renegades.

Guild: One of the supposedly banned organizations of freewraiths dedicated to the
study and use of one of the Arcanoi. There were 13 Greater and three Lesser Guilds.
Harrowing, The: A sleigh-ride through the worst side of a wraith's subconscious,
courtesy of his Shadow and the Spectres of the Tempest. More than one wraith has
heen destroved durine a Harrowing.


Harvesting: The act of cutting Enfants free from their Cauls and initiating them
into the Shadowlands. Many Harvesters are actually slavers, and the initiation they
offer consists of a pair of manacles linked by Stygian steel chains.

Haunt: A place where the Shroud is thin and the Restless feel at home.

Healing: The process of using Pathos Traits to restore Health.

Health: The measure of how much physical damage a wraith has taken.

Hell: Supposedly, a place of punishment for wicked souls. In the Underworld, a joke
of the first order; there are so many false hells that they've become something of a
tourist attraction for the more adventurous among the dead.

Heretics: Religious fanatics among the dead, though many bizarre religions have
sprung up among the Restless. Most Heretics have some sort of central belief based
around the notion of Transcendence.

Hierarchy, The: The monolithic bureaucracy of the Dark Kingdom of Iron, a.k.a.

the Empire of Stygia. At this point, the Empire and the Hierarchy have become
interchangeable in most wraiths' minds. The Hierarchy is the largest collection of

Western wraiths in the Underworld.

Host: A living person possessed by use of the Arcanos Puppetry.

Anfluences: The measure of how much control a Restless has on mortal institutions.
Measured in Traits.

Isle of Sorrows, The: The island in the Tempest which the city of Stygia is built

S ilce
Kindred: A vampire; what vampires call themselves.
gacy: Archaic way of referring to a very potent Fetter.
Legions: The military and police of Stygia, though technically every Stygian citizen
‘Owes allegiance to one of the Legions. Each Legion is overseen by a Deathlord.
"Lemure: A young wraith, recently deceased but no longer an Enfant.
"Maelstrom: The terrifying storms that sweep from the mouth of the Void out over
Shadowlands, bearing Spectres and leaving destruction in their wake. Growing
frequent in recent years, they either herald or are the result of horrific events in
the Skinlands.
Mage: A human who uses the forces of magick to affect the world around him.
eat: Mortal flesh.
: A wraith whose deepest regret is not having lived while he had the chance.
jS are surprisingly common.
: Wraiths who claim to have experienced the stereotypical "tunnel of light."
term is not considered a compliment.
mmy: A member of a rare race of apparently immortal beings who coexist with
vampires and wraiths.
Necropolis: A city of the dead. Also used to specify the regions of cities of the Quick
st thickly inhabited by wraiths. Plural is Necropoli or Necropoleis.
: Rips in the fabric of the Shadowlands, tearing through the surface reality and


Oblivion: The manifestation and hunger of entropy, also known to some as the Great
Unmaking. Oblivion is the final fate of all things in the Underworld, save those who
Transcend. The physical manifestation of Oblivion is called the Void, and it opens
upon the heart of the Labyrinth.

Obolus: The Stygian base unit of currency, forged from one soul.

Onyx Tower: Charon's palace, now abandoned.

Pathos: Pure emotion, which wraiths feed upon and use in their daily existence. The
usable essence of passion.

Plasm: The physical matter of the Underworld. Wraiths, relics and Artifacts are all
made of plasm.

Projectors: Visitors to the Underworld from the Skinlands. Also known as Skinboys.
Quick, The: The living.

Reaper: A wraith who removes an Enfant's Caul.

Relic: The memory of an object, made from plasm.

Renegades: Wraiths who stand opposed to the Hierarchy. They have no structure,
organization or unified goal other than rebellion. Renegades range from true free-
dom fighters to the ghosts of ruffians looking for an easy afterlife.

Restless, The: Wraiths in general. Also known as the Restless Dead.

Risen: A wraith who has found a way to reanimate her corpse. Most wraiths believe
Risen to be legendary.

Shadow, The: The darker side of a wraith's personality. The Shadow is selfish, ego-
centric and sadistic, and directs its efforts toward destroying all the wraith loves
(including the wraith himself).

Shadowlands, The: The ghostly realm just across the Shroud from the lands of the
living.

seleomber The healing sleep that wraiths can indulge in.
Soulfire: Crystals of concentrated Pathos, used in soulforging.
tre: A wraith whose Shadow has achieved permanent dominance. Spectres serve

‘Stormrunning: Taking a shortcut across the Tempest, as opposed to using a Byway.
‘Stygia: The Dark Kingdom of Iron, the largest organization of wraiths in the West-
‘em world. Also the capital city of the empire of the Western Restless.
"Tempest, The: The great storm of the Underworld that separates the Shadowlands
from Stygia and the Far Shores.
‘Thrall: A wraith who is in service to another. In essence, a slave.
‘Tithe: The amount of Pathos a wraith draws from a Haunt or Fetter.
"Trait: The unit by which statistics in Oblivion are measured.
nscendence: The moment when a wraith reconciles Shadow and Psyche, moving
to a higher (?) existence. Transcendence is considered legend by most wraiths,
feared by many others.
derworld, The: The realms of the dead, from the Far Shores to the Shadowlands
including Stygia, the Tempest, the Labyrinth and the Void.
Veinous Stair: The passage from the heart of Stygia into the Labyrinth.
Void, The: The abyss at the heart of the Labyrinth.
llpower: The measure of how strong a wraith's will is. Measured in Traits.
tch-hunter: A human who searches for ghosts in order to kill them.
ith: A ghost, a spirit who retains such strong attachments to the lands of the
g that she cannot move past this level of existence. Also called the Restless.



Chapter Two:
Setting

his chapter describes in detail the world of Wraith. Everything
from the cosmology of the Underworld to the politics of the isle of
Stygia is here, granting you a first look at the geography, culture
and history of the lands of the dead. Some of it may take a little

BIS) getting used to; some of it might not seem immediately applicable
toa game of Oblivion, but all of it helps weave the tapestry within
the folds of which your own adventures will take place.

Indra

| he lands of the dead, consisting of the Far Shores, the Tempest
(and all things within it), Stygia and the Shadowlands are collec-
tively known as the Underworld. Technically the other so-called
Dark Kingdoms, those afterlives populated by the dead of Asia,
Africa, India and other places are also part of the Underworld, but
as they have little to do with the night-to-night existence of most
Stygian wraiths, they tend to fall under the heading of "out of
sight, out of mind." When a Western ghost refers to the Under-

on

The passive, patient aspect of destruction, Oblivion is a part of the natural order
Of things. It waits for all things when they break down; everything must die eventu-


ally, in order to make way for new things to be born. When kept in check by the
forces of creation, Oblivion is an essential part of the cycle of death and rebirth.
Mindless and eternal, Oblivion has always waited to swallow those souls no longer
Fettered to the Skinlands but not ready for Transcendence.

These days, however, it would seem that Oblivion rages unchecked. Its pull
strengthens daily as its appetite for souls increases. Its presence mars the Underworld
and the Skinlands to an unprecedented degree, and its tainted touch is everywhere.
In the form of Spectres it has more and more servants among the dead, and they ride
more and more frequent Maelstroms to make war upon the Restless. Simply put,
Oblivion is growing and no one is sure why. Most wraiths resolve to fight the en-
croaching corruption; too many surrender to it.

Supposedly there will come a day when Oblivion swallows everything, Quaintly
known as Doomsday, this day is dreaded by all wraiths and eagerly anticipated by all
Spectres. With Doomsday comes the end, so they say, of everything, both for the
living and the dead.

Souls: Building Blocks ofthe Underworld

The economy and society of the Underworld are both built on souls. Most ob-
jects in the Underworld are made of memories; the remainder are composed of smelted
or reshaped souls. Currency consists of coins forged from souls; these oboli are said to
moan in the hands of those who possess them.

As souls are the basis of the economy, they are regarded less as individuals than
as resources. Slavery is a booming business in the Shadowlands, based not on color or
creed, but on the simple proposition that the strong enslave the weak because they
can. Reapers enthrall as many new, defenseless wraiths as they are able, while mind-
less Drones are regarded as a bonanza of riches by a Harvester lucky enough to come
across them. Enslaved wraiths are then marched off to the Thrall markets or, if they
are unlucky, to the soulforges.

It is an inhumane system, and a horrifying one. There are those wraiths who
claim that even soulforged or Moliated wraiths are still aware and suffer endlessly;
even the possibility of this is regarded as unthinkable by most wraiths. However, the
system persists. It has been in place too long, and there are too many wraiths who
have too much to lose if the soulforging trade ends. Besides, there are justifications:
soulsteel is needed to stand against Oblivion; souls that are smelted or Moliated into
workaday objects are no longer in danger of feeding and strengthening Oblivion;
some believe that soulforging hammers the Shadow out of a wraith; and so on. Still,
the strongest reason for the practice's continuation is a simple one: no alternative
exists. And so the Harvesters still bring their prey home in chains, and the soulforges
still echo with the screams of the condemned, and the borders of the Citadels are
still lit with Thralls reshaped into blazing torches.

Trading in Souls

The vast majority of souls avoid the Underworld entirely. Swallowed immedi-
ately by Oblivion or lifted into Transcendence, they avoid the half-existence of
wraiths. For those who do become wraiths, however, their fellow Restless pose a
threat almost as great as Oblivion.

Ny

ey

Za

Objects in the Underworld are of two kinds: memories and souls. Relics, objects
that cross over from the Skinlands, are in essence created by the emotional energy
invested in them by the living; a much-loved teddy bear or a single sock endlessly
‘cursed over will both reappear in relic form when thrown out or destroyed. However,
‘even with the best efforts of certain wraiths to pick and choose what comes over the
Shroud, the selection is still haphazard, and notably slanted toward non-essential
items. For example, relic guns are common, but relic bullets are not. Relic dolls abound,
but relic girders or bulldozers are lamentably scarce. In addition, most relics exist as
‘solid-state objects, duplicating form but not function unless invested with Pathos.
Artifacts, objects invested with special powers, sometimes arrive directly from the
‘Skinlands, but infrequently. Thus, there is a need for another source of inanimate
‘objects, one that provides more pliable and versatile materials. In other words, souls.

If a new Enfant is unlucky, he'll end up being Reaped by a slaver. These Har-
‘yesters roam the Shadowlands, collecting wraiths who are too weak, disoriented or
foolish to defend themselves. Wraiths who are enslaved (the technical term is en-
thralled) will find themselves shackled with chains forged from Stygian steel, and
herded toward the nearest Necropolis to be sold or smelted down. A fortunate few
‘are simply sold into an eternity of servitude as Thralls; the rest become raw materials
in the burgeoning Stygian economy.

Just about anything can be forged from souls: girders, chains, weapons, furni-
‘ture, etc. Those objects that require a more delicate touch during creation are often
‘ereated by wraiths skilled in the Arcanos Moliate, who can reshape Corpus with a
thought and a touch. Even the coins of the Underworld are made from souls, with
‘each obolus consisting of one soul, hammered into a press.

Of course, not every soul is consigned to the forges. A minimal amount of luck,
‘combined with a modicum of brainpower, will enable a wraith to elude the Harvest-
ers until such time as she is able to ward off their depredations. Many wraiths are
Reaped by friendlier guides into the afterlife; some even manage to free themselves
from their Cauls. Furthermore, Stygian law prevents the forging of any souls except
‘Spectres, criminals and Thralls. On the other hand, the definitions of "criminal" and
"Thrall" are conveniently loose for most Reapers to make themselves a tidy profit.
Short of Oblivion, there is no more permanent doom for a wraith than soulforging,
and most will take their chances in the Void rather than in the forge.

The Construction of the Underworld

Known by many names but never mapped, the Underworld does not exist as a
"place" in the way that the living view geography. Instead, it is a non-Euclidean
Nightmare to any who think that a straight line is still the distance between two
Points. Even most wraiths don't quite understand the nature of the realm in which
they dwell; they tend to resort to models of increasing simplicity and inaccuracy in
‘order to explain their surroundings.

Also known as the Dark or Low Umbra to some, the Underworld is best under-
‘Stood as consisting of layers that, like C.S. Lewis' mythical kingdom of Narnia, grow
larger the further in you go. The outermost one, called the Shadowlands, is identical
in location to the lands of the living. Anywhere the living go the dead go as well,

~ and only the metaphysical Shroud separates the two. Theoretically, a wraith could


infig,

op 4

it)
i

walk from Canton, Ohio to Canton, China without ever leaving the Shadowlands.
All that would be required would be patience and a good set of relic boots.

Existing just "below" the surface of the Shadowlands is the eternal turbulence
called the Tempest, a roiling, nightmarish storm that has raged unceasingly for half a
millennium. No matter where one goes in the Shadowlands, the Tempest is no more
than a slight rip in the fabric of reality away. Indeed, the Tempest is best thought of
as a sort of hyperspace underlying the "reality" of the Shadowlands.

Snaking through this nightmare of a storm are paths of relative safety called
Byways, leading from point to point within the Shadowlands, or from the Shadowlands
to the deeper realms. Travel from point to point through the Tempest without resort-
ing to a Byway is also possible, and often is faster than taking one of the winding safe
paths. On the other hand, travelers in the storm are exposed to its dangers, and the
things that dwell within it.

In addition to safe routes through the Tempest, there are islands of stability
within the storm as well. The city of Stygia rests on one such island; the innumerable
Far Shores rest on others. In these places the Tempest is covered by a deceivingly
placid ocean called the Sunless Sea, across which soul-traffic once moved unceas-
ingly. Other islands of safety exist within the storm as well: Feng-tu, Swar, the Sea
That Knows No Sun, the Bush of Ghosts, and others, the death-realms of other
cultures and societies. Some have dealings with Stygia, trading souls or waging war
across the seas of the dead.

Deep within the storm is the fear-shadowed Labyrinth. No one knows what the
walls of this horrifying place are made from, though the few explorers who have
returned from wandering it report that the very substance of the passages changes as
‘one walks through. Hospital corridors, mirrored mazes, sluggish flows of molten rock
— all can be found within the Labyrinth. Here, too, can be found the slumbering
Malfeans, the oldest and most potent Spectres.

At the very bottom of the Underworld rests the entrance to the Void. Those
who place the Void at the base of the Tempest do so deliberately; entropy serves as
gravity here, and Oblivion's manifestation exerts a pull on all things in the Tempest
and its isles. The Void is ultimate blackness and destruction, a yawning chasm at the
center of the Labyrinth. None who have entered the Void have ever returned, though
the fearful belief of some is that reincarnation awaits on the other side of destruc-
tion. Unfortunately, evidence for this hypothesis is sadly lacking at the moment.

The Shadowlands

The stillborn twin of the lands of the living, the Shadowlands correspond ex-
actly to the Skinlands in terms of geography. A wraith standing in Times Square in
the Shadowlands is, in a sense, standing in Times Square in the Skinlands, and runs
the risk of being trampled by mortals who don't see him and rush right over his
position.

Everything that exists in the Skinlands exists in the Shadowlands, mote or less.
The more emotion an object or a place inspired in the living lands, the more con-
cretely it appears in the Deadlands, and buildings long gone in the Skinlands still
rise on the other side of the Shroud. At once beautiful and terrible, the landscape of

\ \

— Hii pen

the Shadowlands is constructed of memories draped like cobwebs over those places
which yet stand in living lands.
Objects in the Shadowlands are irreducibly solid to a wraith, but things in the
inlands are less so. A wall may initially pen a wraith into a room, but by expending
minimum of Corpus she can walk right through it. A wraith may be able to reach
t to a paperweight or a pencil, but without the use of her Arcanoi she cannot
h it. It is only the Shadowland echoes of these things, once they are destroyed,
that a wraith can affect directly.
What goes on in the Skinlands is plainly visible to wraiths in the Shadowlands.
ey can watch TV or eavesdrop on board meetings with ease, invisible and intan-
gible. However, these perceptions of the Skinlands are often marred by the touch of
ath, as wraiths see the creeping decay in all things. Still, even the most Oblivion-
ted among the living appear healthier and more vital than the lands beyond the
oud, which are gray and somber with rotting majesty.

derworld, the Shroud is what divides death from life. Spontaneously raised during
mysterious catastrophe called the Sundering, the Shroud is what limits the ways
hich wraiths can touch the Skinlands. The stronger the Shroud is in a given
, the more difficult it is for a wraith to reach through to the Skinlands there.
Strongest in places of disbelief and reason, the Shroud is nearly impenetrable in
s such as laboratories and lecture halls. Conversely, in places where belief and
of death are strong, the Shroud correspondingly weakens, and wraiths have more

then, worldwide, the Shroud weakens. These are the nights when the living would
ll-advised to stay indoors, for all over the world, the ghosts are coming out to

Home sweet home for the dead, Haunts are places where strong emotion has
d the fabric of the Shroud Here the Shadowlands and Skinlands almost
ap; here are the places that the living superstitiously call "haunted."

It is the darker emotions that wear through the Shroud most easily, though
g love, hope or courage will do so as well. Even so, Haunts tend to be found in

of despair, desperation or sorrow. Graveyards, slums, battlefields, abandoned
prisons, nightclubs, lonely crossroads and treacherous curves all frequently
as Haunts.

Most Haunts are vigorously settled by a wraith or Circle of wraiths and de-
d to the utmost; as wellsprings of emotion and places of shelter, Haunts are
sought after. Visitors are usually not welcome. Other wraiths prefer to use their

oi to wear on the Shroud, creating Haunts in places of their choosing. Re-
some enterprising ghosts have experimented with taking their Haunts online,
whether or not they've succeeded is a matter of conjecture.


To the living, Haunts are most often grim and depressing places. No one with-
‘out severe mental disorders or a depressed poet's mentality would voluntarily live in
a Haunt. Those few who try are generally driven out immediately, unless the wraiths
who own the Haunt prefer to keep the living around as emotional fodder for their
Passions.

Most Domains are centered around single Haunts. The more potent the Haunt
is, generally the larger the Domain around it. If pressed, wraiths will give up every
inch of the rest of their Domain before they give up their Haunt. After all, it is both
strength and shelter.

Stygia

The Eternal Necropolis of Stygia is the collection of all of the dead dreams of
empire mankind has ever wrought. As Carthage and Gomorrah fell, their ghostly
ruins were gathered and brought to construct Stygia's courts and towers. When Rome
and Byzantium were sacked, their wreckage was salvaged and brought to build Stygia
ever higher. Jerusalem and Paris, London and New York, every Imperial City that
ever was is echoed in the architecture of the capital of the dead. Built upon the seven
hills of the Isle of Sorrows, Stygia the city and Stygia the empire have become syn-
onymous.

Seen from the bottom, Stygia is a claustrophobic nightmare. The weight of ages
has pressed down upon the oldest buildings, and Maelstrom and invasion have taken
their toll. Here the streets are cramped and dirty, and the overhanging edifices are
crushed beneath the weight of newer constructions. Only the poor and the desperate
can be found here, amidst the wreckage of centuries.

The higher one goes in the city, however, the more astonishing the view be-
comes. Newer buildings and better-preserved treasures of antiquity are the norm.
The Library of Alexandria can be found here, and the shining palaces of the
Deathlords. This is where the wealthy and powerful among the dead dwell, in stun-
ning contrast to the despair in the labyrinthine warrens below.

Bounded by a sea wall crafted from thousands of souls, the city is home to mil-
lions more. The walls cannot contain all who wish to dwell in Stygia, and so bridges
have been cast across the waters of the Sunless Sea to the Iron Hills, islands that rise
from the waters nearby. Secondary colonies and edifices occupy these smaller isles,
but even in the face of such overcrowding, some buildings in Stygia stand empty.
The Great Temple of the Fishers, for example, and Charon's Onyx Tower are aban-
doned; even among the dead they have unpleasant reputations.

The Tempest

To say only that the Tempest is the eternal storm of the Deadlands is to be guilty
of gross understatement. Eternally raging with a fury unthinkable in the lands of the
living, the Tempest is the raw fury that underlies all of the Shadowlands, separating
them from Stygia and the Far Shores. Inhabited by shrieking Spectres and other,
fouler things, it is a roiling sea of chaos within which time, space and distance cease
to have meaning.

The landscape of the Tempest is constantly changing; rains of broken glass,
noxious gases, eruptions of boiling pitch and worse are common sights to travelers.


the endless storm, as each wraith who passes through the Tempest leaves

ing of himself behind. Even those souls who plummet directly to Oblivion

death leave a memory, a relic or a feeling floating in the storm, to be encoun-
by an unwary traveler at some later date.

Wraiths passing through the Tempest are often given revelations, many of them

ted. Visions of Fetters or other lives, premonitions, glimpses of the Skinlands

other scenes will intrude on a wraith's consciousness as she navigates the dark-

There are a few islands and strands of stability within the Tempest. The former
jude Stygia itself, as well as the myriad Far Shores and the other realms of the
Narrower paths of relative safety are called Byways, and they stretch between
in the Underworld. Some connect disparate locations in the Shadowlands
hile others stretch to Stygia or even the Far Shores. Appearing as rivers or roads
g incongruously through the storm, Byways offer relatively safe and fast travel.
greatest Byway is known as the River of Death, which supposedly winds its way

cr all of the Shadowlands and even to the gates of the Labyrinth itself.
_ At the heart of the Tempest is the Spectre-haunted maze of the Labyrinth,
hich according to legend was gnawed from nothingness by Malfeans at the dawn of
. At the very core of the Labyrinth, far worse than any Minotaur could be, is the
of the Void, Oblivion's embodiment. Few wraiths have gazed upon it and

ed to tell others of their impressions.

Reality is not solid, particularly not in the Shadowlands. The Shadowlands are
itly splintering and breaking, and where the fabric of this part of the Under-

d tears, the Tempest bubbles through.
By strict definition, a Nihil is a rip in the Shadowlands that allows access to the
are one-time-only events, though many open and
‘on regular cycles. Some are permanently open; these are often heavily guarded
ver wraiths dwell nearby. Just as a Nihil allows a wraith access to the Tem-
from the Shadowlands, it can allow dwellers in the Tempest a way out. Indeed,

appear as pools of inky blackness in the Shadowlands. They can open

elevator shafts, beneath rocking chairs, in cobwebbed corners or in the

tiddle of busy streets. Usually they are no more than a few inches across, but some
be feet or even yards in diameter. Rumors as to the strange powers of Nihils


storms also carry within them hordes of Spectres who use the shrieking winds as a
sort of monstrous steed, riding them in order to make war upon the Citadels and
Necropoli. Maelstroms sweep away all that lies before them: unprotected wraiths,
isolated Haunts, everything. Citadels and strong Haunts can withstand the assault,
but pity any wraith caught outside the Citadel gates when the winds from the Tem-
pest start to howl.

Being caught in a Maelstrom is akin to traveling through the worst sections of
the Tempest. Soot fills the air, and a wraith's very Corpus is abraded away by the
sandblasting force of the winds. All is dark, if not pitch-black, and there is a constant
moaning cacophony from the beasts riding the storm. In many ways, the Spectres are
the storm, for until they are defeated, the Maelstrom will not recede.

Skinlands disasters and Maelstroms have a peculiar cause-and-effect relation-
ship. One will inevitably cause the other, though which comes first is open to de-
bate. The detonation of the atomic device over Hiroshima triggered the Fifth Great
Maelstrom, but a smaller Maelstrom can herald an incipient catastrophe in the
Skinlands, such as a building's collapse, a hurricane or a bombs detonation.

The Far Shores

It is said that far beyond the mists of the Sea of Sorrows lie thousands upon
thousands of isolated island realms collectively known as the Far Shores. Stygian
history records that, long ago, the Ferrymen known as the Shining Ones laid down
Byways leading to each of these realms. Hope and faith drew wraiths to these isles
and since have continued to entice them, for these lands promise refuge from Oblivion.
as they model themselves on the Hells and Heavens, Sukhavatis, Edens, Zions and
Valhallas of countless cultures. The afterlives created for, and perhaps by, lost souls
can be found in every shape and size throughout the Far Shores.

Ultimately banking on the hope of release from suffering, the beacons of Para-
dise, Nirvana, Purgatory and thousands of other faith-based spiritual conditions shine
brightly in the stories of most of the few travelers who have sojourned there and
back. These stories can be heard not only in Stygia, but in other deathlands as well,
for the Byways to the Far Shores originate in the death realms of all peoples.

Not all the tales inspire confidence in the good intentions of the Far Shores'
leadership, however. Stories abound of tyrannical leaders demanding unquestioning
obedience of the faithful and tormenting the "ungodly"; of forsaken wraiths manacled
to each other, locked up and long forgotten in tiny antechambers beneath the ground,
or thrown into the maws of unnamable creatures as sacrifices to the "gods"; of sadis-
tic fanatics who encase themselves and others in coffins of white-hot soulsteel to
purge their iniquities; and of seas choked with Spectre-harried aspirants waiting to
be admitted to their chosen islands. Demonic beings, probably but not certainly
Moliated wraiths, torture victims by thrusting Stygian steel stakes up through their
spines and planting them in pools of acid that bubble up from unknown places within
the Tempest. For many Stygian wraiths, even the bright promise of Transcendence is
not enough to entice them to these places.

Thousands upon thousands of wraiths inhabit the Far Shores realms, often giv-
ing rise to the horrific stories of cruel overcrowding and complete loss of individual-
ity that travelers tell on the other side of the Sunless Sea. But the picture is not all

"teen Ye

a

t

bleak. Breathtakingly beautiful island paradises host legions
and angel-like wraiths

pest, heal them and enjoin them to remain. More rarely, they adopt wea

Usually, these beings shelter the trave

tle ways of hope and Transcendence.

and teach them the

Ferrymen, Spectres, soul
‘also make their appearan:
Ferrymen still usher the sox
Shores, and that some of the i
ome hold that the Shir

s are nothing more than the F

Ones who forged the original

tions.
now rule many of the isles.

Tales of Spectres takir
fter the various hells — and even those modeled after
true,
religious recruitment and
men in obtaining Lemures

wver the fanatical leadership of certain realms mod

i
indeed

the paradises

are the rumors of a brisk slave trade conducted by sou tes under the guise of

selytizing. Soul-pirates often use Stygian Reapers as middle

sale as "converts" to various Far Shores realms

The Other Deadlands

nas the Dark Kingdom of Iron, is hardl only final

r the Restless Dead. Other cultures besides the Western have

ad Underworlds, each as potent and real as Stygia. Generically named
Joms, ther realms are many and varied, and most are so widely :
Stygia thar few Western wraiths even know of their existenc a
that are known, the Jade Empire (known as the Yellow Springs t
) and the Dark Kingdom of Ivory (a.k.a. Bush of Ghosts) are
vith which the Hierarchy has the most dealings. Each has ma
, usually over the disposition of souls

Hidden within the Tempest are the other Deadlands: Karta, the Sea that }
Sun, Swar and more. Each reflects the nature of death for a different
ithe ‘

vere, if they function at

wern ghostly existence in Stygia may function differ i

Necropoli uf
Tn all human cities there's
inevitably pr
local Necrop
A Necrof

More frequently. In the Shadowlands, it is a teemir

ices the reacti

ustling center of activity, as

s a city of the dead, a place where wraith:

Most of a city's wraiths can be found here at some point during
To the living

Necropolis are unwelcomir

wever, the streets and crumbling buildings that c

and desolate, spotted with abandoned lots and fille

With the cries of scuttling rats and
Most Necrop:

the Hier:

ther vermin.

can be consider

{ colonies of Stygia, and are part and parcel of

hy. Centered on a Citadel and divvied up into Domains, Hierarch


Necropoli are relatively stable places for the dead to dwell. Renegade Necropoli, on
the other hand, tend to be more along rough-and-tumble lines, where any service
can be purchased (for a price) and unwary wraiths always run the risk of being en-
slaved or annihilated.

Domains

A Domain is defined as the amount of territory a wraith or a Circle of wraiths
can control. The Hierarchy does officially parcel out Domains in Necropoli, often
marking the borders of the territories controlled by the local Citadel with immobi-
lized Thralls Moliated into flaming torches.

Unofficially, most wraiths claim the areas around their Haunts as their Do-
mains (or "turf"), and can back it up de facto if not de jure. While many of these
Renegade Domains aren't recognized by the local Hierarchy authorities, most Le-
gionnaires have the intelligence to go into them in force, or not at all.

Citadels

‘The largest and strongest Haunt in a Necropolis is called a Citadel, and it serves
much the same function as a medieval castle. Strong points of defense against inva-
sion and centers of commerce, Citadels are the hearts and minds of their Necropoli.
While most Citadels don't actually appear as castles or fortresses, they still stand as
barriers against assaults by Spectres, Renegades and Heretics.

Usually a Citadel will correspond in the Skinlands to an abandoned warehouse or
series of buildings, a strip mine, a dump of some other expanse devoted to decay and destruc-
tion. In the Shadowlands, however, Citadels are often fortified with relic beams and timbers,
or reinforced with soulforged buttresses and bricks. Every Citadel is constructed with Mael-
stroms in mind; a Citadel that can't survive the fury of the storm is no Citadel at all.

Most Citadels are held by the Hierarchy, and have a strong presence from one
or more of the Legions' military side. Theoretically, Hierarchy Citadels are exclusive
to Hierarchy citizens, but in the Shadowlands hard-and-fast rules can get conve-
niently blurry. After all, every hand that can hold a weapon is welcome when the
Spectres come calling. Renegade and Heretic wraiths are often allowed in Citadel
gates for purposes of commerce, if someone can be found to vouch for them.

There are Renegade and Heretic Citadels scattered throughout the Shadowlands.
Most are captured Hierarchy Citadels refurbished by their new owners; others are
raised in areas so desolate and barren that it's not worth the Hierarchy's effort to
come knock them down.

TheR

estless

= assion stronger than death and perils that make death seem tame:

these are the basics of life after death. In many ways it is an exist-
ence of extremes. Ultimate destruction is the price of failure, but
eternal love and beatific Transcendence are real possibilities as well

Life as a wraith, such as it is, can be a compendium of
horrors. Visions of the living are marred by death's touch, and

a Se"


freshest bloom appears mottled by corruption. The Underworld itself is
deadening to the senses; bright color is rare here, save for the ravenous
Ifire crystals or the blazing green of a Solicitor's eye. Nor does all of this
ced upon, for the Shadow is omnipresent and always willing to make a
worse. Oblivion threatens without and within, and many wraiths find
‘simply to give up the struggle and let the Void claim them.
the other hand, there are those who grasp the opportunity ofa second exist-
eing themselves as given a second chance to correct their mistakes in life, or

al friendship and love are often promised in the Skinlands, but in the

they can become real. Power and riches can be gathered by wraiths ruthless

make those ascents; spiritual transformation is sought by many as well. The

dead beckon some to explore, as do the new realms of the Tempest and Far

at no mortals ever see. Gifted with the powers called Arcanoi, Restless can

tries honing their skills or using them to interact with the living. Many wraiths

cross the Shroud for a multitude of reasons. There are those who seek to finish

ss left unattended in life, or to protect those things and people that they love.

ths simply meddle, playing poltergeist or invading mortals' dreams for the

Of it. Possession of the Quick, vicariously sampling their joys and pleasures, is

pastime, while vengeance from beyond the grave is also something that the

§s practice — if they can get away with it. And there is always the struggle against

and its minions, a fight that some believe is for the sake of all creation. For
such as these, death is only the beginning.

Iraiths are caught in a tightrope existence between life and Oblivion, and
tive reflects this. Just a Shroud's thickness away from the lands of the

@ach action, thought and word is a reaction against Oblivion's steady pull,
g defiance into the Void. It is this balance between life and worse than death
Restless maintain, for as long as they are able.
hing the Skinlands is something that most wraiths aspire to, no matter
Dictum Mortuum commands. Doing so, though, is not always easy, as the

kinlands have an odd sort of solidity to them as far as wraiths are concerned; it
ly impossible for a wraith to move a real-world object, but for a minimal in-
ent of Corpus, she can simply discorporate and walk right through it. For ex-
ifa wraith attempts to push on the front of a parked car, her touch will have
ffect, and she will find herself unable to affect the car in the slightest. On the
sr hand, if the car's parking brake suddenly slips and the car rolls forward, it will
Ged to pass (nearly) harmlessly through her as she discorporates.
Ofcourse, wraiths have long since discovered ways to enforce their wills more con-
y on the real world. Certain Arcanoi allow Restless to affect or even enter the
hence legends of poltergeists, apparitions and ghosts in the machine. All of
phenomena can be traced to wraiths extending their abilities across the Shroud.


While very little in the real world can inflict lasting damage on a wraith's Cor-
pus, in the Underworld it's a very different matter. Objects existing in the Skinlands
can be passed through or bounced off of, while things existing in the Underworld
(relics, Artifacts, other wraiths, etc.) are quite solid to any ghost. A steel blade can
whirr through the Corpus of a wraith without causing lasting harm; a soulsteel sword
in the hands of a Legionnaire, on the other hand, can cleft a ghost neatly in twain,
Stygian steel (or other soulforged metals), Artifacts, relics, other wraiths, Spectres,
the dwellers in the Tempest, even the spirit magick of the living — all of these can
affect a wraith concretely,

Passions and Fetters

Passions and Fetters are the things that define and maintain a wraith's exist-
ence, On a basic level, Fetters are the things in the Skinlands that a wraith cares
about most deeply, while Passions are the things that a wraith most wants to do.

Fetters are what tie a wraith to the Shadowlands, giving him anchors in the
Skinlands that he can use to resist Oblivion's pull. It is in a Fetter that a wraith can
Slumber and heal, and often it is easier for a wraith to use his Arcanoi near his
Fetters. On the other hand, if a Fetter is damaged or destroyed, the effects can be
catastrophic. Furthermore, wraiths without Fetters cannot stay long in the
Shadowlands, and so every wraith will strive his utmost to guard his Fetters.

Passions are those dictates which a wraith follows in death, the emotional im-
peratives that drive and fuel his existence. At its core each Passion has an emotion;
by following his Passion's dictates (or by being in the presence of the feeling at the
Passion's heart), a wraith garners the energy called Pathos. Without Pathos, a wraith's
Arcanoi will not function, nor will he be able to heal. Preventing a wraith from
tending his Passions and Fetters, then, is perhaps the worst slow torment that can be
inflicted on a wraith.

Status and Society

Ir is almost sadly predictable to note that the dead, having centuries to ponder
the dilemmas and grand mysteries of existence, instead throw themselves into rigid
social structures, and spend a huge portion of their unlives making sure that the
social niceties are properly maintained. Status in the Restless community is based
upon power, of course, but also age, expertise in the Arcanoi, and freedom of move-
ment. An aged and potent wraith who maintains his Fetters and can therefore return
to the Shadowlands from Stygia is accorded more respect than a wraith of similar
power and vintage whose Fetters are long since dust.

As the decades pass, a wraith can gradually acquire more status among the dead,
and social mobility between "ranks" is reasonably common. On the other hand, the
intense cliqueishness of some wraiths (particularly the hidebound Gaunts of Stygia)
bears a stunning resemblance to the social dynamics of a middle-school recess, with
wraiths refusing to deal with other wraiths who aren't of the right age, power or
Arcanos specialty. It is the Stygian Gaunts in particular who maintain the rigid so-
cial distinctions between Domem and Gaunt, Enfant and Lemure, and Thralls and
everyone else.

ye

bY


oa

Two:-Settifi
{MUO

fants — Enfants are the recently deceased who have not yet acclimated to
wlands. They are usually between a few days and a few weeks old, and are

by a Caul of plasm which keeps them in a semi-dreamlike state, unable to
hear fully what is going on. This Caul also obscures the Enfant's thoughts and
ions, so that her first days of afterlife are a somnolent, confused haze of blurred
and half-remembered voices. Until her Caul is removed by another wraith,

to remove their own Cauls, generally those Enfants who possessed extraor-

ry willpower in their mortal days.
landers see at the sites of hauntings.
it sentience or willpower, their mortal identities lost to them, Drones are
sed at the sites of their deaths. They are unable to do more than endlessly reen-
heir demises, robotically repeating their last moments among the living. A Haunt

ated by Drones is considered a gold mine by Reapers.

4 lls — These are among the most miserable wraiths in existence, held in

ro their dismay that this clause in their contracts is frequently ignored...
ills are usually manacled and may not travel freely without their masters.
gh some variants on the Code of Charon forbid the mistreatment of Thralls,
es are rarely reported or punished. A Thrall's Shadow often takes sadistic
ure in the torment the Psyche endures, and far more Thralls are lost to Harrowings
the machinations of the Shadow than are smelted down or freed.
r s — These are wraiths whose Cauls have been removed and who still

mems — Domems are wraiths who can no longer travel freely to the
Jands, and thus are restricted to Stygia and other such places of safety within
Tempest. Although most Domems are older wraiths, a number of them might
‘well be Lemures, save for the fact that their Fetters no longer exist. A wraith
ised only five years whose Fetters are all destroyed in a fire will instantly acquire
m status, as she will no longer be able to maintain a presence in the
. On the other hand, these "whippersnapper" Domems are hardly ac-

d the respect granted their elders.

Nding Hierarchy bureaucracy. Renegades and Heretics don't have this option,
transition to Domemhood can lead them anywhere from a full-time search
ndence to the forges. "Domemizing" is a popular tactic among certain
gangs, whereby they rid local Necropoli of their most competent or vi-


Gaunts — Old and powerful wraiths, Gaunts have managed to maintain their
Fetters, allowing them to travel into the Shadowlands. The vast majority of Gaunts
have also journeyed deeply into the Tempest, possibly to the Far Shores or even the
Labyrinth. Feared and respected for their knowledge and power, Gaunts wield influ-
ence in the society of the dead disproportionate to their numbers.

Deathlords — This powerful body of wraiths was originally created to become
Charon's Senate, following the custom of the Roman Republic. With the re-creation
of Stygia as an empire, each Deathlord was given a Legion as his charge and a throne
from which to govern his subjects. Without Charon's iron guidance, however, the
Deathlords have fallen into disorder, using their Legions to contest with each other
as each strives to declare himself the new Imperator of Stygia. As the Deathlord with
the most souls is naturally the most powerful, the co-rulers of Stygia frequently meddle
in mortal affairs to encourage greater numbers of deaths in whatever manners will
swell the ranks of their own Legions.

Reapers

A Reaper can be an Enfant's best friend or worst nightmare, depending upon
circumstance. Technically, a Reaper is a wraith who cuts another wraith free from
his Caul, facilitating his "birth" into the Shadowlands. Many are kind souls looking
to ease the transition that new Enfants are making; others are recruiters for Heretic
cults, Hierarchy Legions or Renegade gangs. These sorts of professional (and ama-
teur) Reapers tend to treat their charges well, indoctrinating them in the laws of the
Underworld and helping them adjust to existence beyond the Shroud.

Other Reapers are less kind. Slavemasters of the dead, they Reap new souls in
order to sell them off to the highest bidder in the markets of the Necropoli. Souls are
the currency and raw materials of the Underworld, and for many slavetaking Reap-
ers, harvesting Enfants and throwing them into chains is strictly a business proposi-
tion.

Reapers are often found jockeying for position in places like hospitals, prisons
or retirement homes. More enterprising ones like to ride ambulances, while those
gifted with the Arcanos Fatalism show an uncanny knack for being in the right place
at the right time. Reapers will constantly seek to establish claims in places that yield
tich troves of souls, and when such wealth is at stake, violence is hardly uncommon.

Grave Goods

Death can't remove the innate human hunger for material possessions. Just be-
cause wraiths can't touch the objects they once owned doesn't mean that they no
longer want to, nor does it prevent them from attempting to acquire wealth on the
other side of the Shroud. Even the dead have a thriving economy, though mutual
funds and stock options play no part in it. Rather, it is an economy of souls and relics,
the two things that can be held in the Underworld.

The vast majority of objects in the Underworld are made from souls by one of
two processes. Unlucky wraiths — Thralls, criminals, Spectres and those who are
simply unfortunate — are sent to the soulforges to be hammered into the coins,
blades and other implements of night-to-night existence. Sometimes these smelted


Stair, creating specialized materials for construction or warfare.
victims are given to those skilled in the Arcanos Moliate, to be crafted
, furniture or other necessities of afterlife existence. The breakdown be-
two forms of transformation is simple; anything that would have been
forstone in the Skinlands is replaced by soulforged objects, while things whose
lands equivalents are wood or softer materials are made through Moliate.
is another classification of objects in the Underworld: relics. These are
of things, brought across the Shroud once their Skinlands originals have
|. The stronger the emotion a relic generated before its destruction (a
stuffed unicorn, a despised leather belt used for disciplinary purposes),
dre perfectly it translates to the Shadowlands after it finally crumbles to dust.
lings in the Shadowlands are in fact relics; the remainder are those con-
from soulforged materials.
wraiths of recent vintage are horrified by the nature of the Underworld
BR gilts long run most of their moral objections are seplaced by a sort of
n. There are multiple moral justifications for this sort of ultimate object
‘souls: every soul forged is another one that can't spiral down to Oblivion;

uls are where it begins and ends in the Underworld. Souls are wealth, souls
and souls are what feeds Oblivion. In order to prevent the last, the

(like Charon before them) have decreed that weak, Passionless and coun-
uctive souls be smelted down. A wraith who has become a Byway's paving
|in no danger of strengthening Oblivion; a Renegade who is transformed into
6n won't ambush Legionnaires and help send them to Harrowings. Pointing
that the soul-trade also makes certain wraiths very wealthy indeed is

lic is a memory given shape in the Underworld. The only objects across the
formed from souls, relics are those things that inspired great passion in

ive for centuries in the Shadowlands.

because something is destroyed in the Skinlands doesn't mean that it auto-
, ies a relic. In order to cross the Shroud, an object must have inspired
m before its destruction. Love, hate, fear; the specifics are immaterial.
mals and battered baseball gloves are among the most common relics, but
ives, handcuffs and buildings like schoolhouses and prisons. It is the strength
that an object invoked that dictates whether or not it will return as a

after its Skinlands form has been destroyed or buri

‘creation of a relic is a simple process: An item that provoked strong feeling
d or buried. Things that didn't inspire one way or the other don't become
‘example, there are very few relic tuna fish cans beyond the Shroud. An

\ ===
OO

CGE


object that does become a relic reappears in the Shadowlands after its destruction or
burial, usually on the precise spot where it met its maker. Often relics will materialize
in the Underworld at the same time their owner does, almost as if they have been
waiting for him to come along and take possession of them. It is customary to make
a gift of a relic to one's Reaper upon Harvesting, particularly if said Reaper is kind
enough to refrain from selling the Enfant into slavery.

Even relics fade away, eventually. The stronger the wellspring of care that cre-
ated them, the longer they last and the more solid they are. In the end, though, all
but the most potent lose their solidity and slowly dissolve, unlamented.

Most relics aren't "useful" in the sense of serving as Shadowlands survival equip-
ment. Little things that meant a great deal to someone —a signed copy of Something
Wicked This Way Comes, a favorite locket, a teddy bear treasured in youth and saved
for one's own children —make up the vast majority of relics found in the Shadowlands.
Relics of this sort tend not to last more than a few decades before fading.

More potent relics, such as working computers or firearms, functioning auto-
mobiles and the like, are much rarer and often have Underworld existences mea-
sured in under 10 years. Dismissively labeled "toys" by Gaunts and Domems, relics
like this need investments of Pathos before they can function as they did in the
Skinlands. A relic computer that hasn't been fueled with Pathos is a rectangular box;
a relic computer that's been loaded with juice can work wonders.

There are also relics of legendary status which have lasted centuries or even
millennia. Brutus' dagger and da Vinci's doodle pad are examples of things that have
inspired the necessary passion to maintain their existences through the centuries.

Soulforged Goods

The forges of the Artificers are always hungry for more souls. There are a great
many items desperately needed by Stygian society that don't appear in quantity as
relics — swords, cinderblocks and the like —and which must be manufactured some-
how. The only resource thar fits the bill, unfortunately, is the plasm that makes up
the Corpora of the dead.

Soulforging itself consists of draining a wraith of as much sentience and will as
possible without tempting Oblivion, then holding her over crystals of soulfire until
her Corpus becomes soft and malleable. At this point, an Artificer will set to work
with his hammer, pounding the unfortunate wraith into an entirely new form. Skilled
soulforgers (usually those associated with the Artificers' Guild) can create works of
amazing delicacy and beauty, as well as the girders and breastplates necessary to fend
off Oblivion's assaults.

Occasionally soulforgers will alloy raw soul-stuff with the death ore mined from
the Veinous Stair or salvaged from the Tempest. Stygian steel, consisting of plasm,
death ore and supposedly scrapings from the Labyrinth's walls, is by far the strongest
substance known in the Underworld. Other mixtures have different properties, de-
pending upon their ingredients. Soulsteel is the slang term for smelted wraiths uncut
with any other substance, and this is by far the most common product of the forges.
Soul-forged items tend to break down much more slowly than relics, having a
permanency and solidity to them that is much valued in the Underworld. On the
other hand, many wraiths claim to hear their smelted goods moaning or weeping


‘soulforging process is irreversible, and it is fervently prayed by most wraiths
ited soul's consciousness is destroyed forever by the process.

act is a catch-all term for items in the Underworld that possess special pow-
telics are also Artifacts, but many Artifacts are created across the Shroud.

Artifacts are difficult to create and more difficult to hang onto. The pas-
Ititudes of Quick is needed to empower a relic thus; also needed is the
the part of those mortals that the object is in some way special. Then the
must be destroyed, freeing it to cross the Shroud and manifest in the

dd. Excalibur, the Grail, the Ark of the Covenant and the original Mme.
tine are all examples of relic Artifacts. Unlike most relics, relic Artifacts never

he other variety of Artifact is the soulforged sort. Items crafted in the Artifi-

es and invested with Arcanoi, these Artifacts are more common but only

so. Masks of office and Anacreons' swords are often Artifacts of this kind.

s¢ of the great personal cost of making them, soulforgers are very particular as
m they craft Artifacts for.

‘ically, any soulforged item is an Artifact, but no one ever refers to a

ed brick as an Artifact. Only unique and powerful items are actually labeled
"

fd Operating Equipment
are certain items with which every Stygian wraith is familiar. These are
E tools of existence across the Shroud, and any Enfant who evades the Reap-
Hearn about them in short order.
leapons — For reasons of economy, it is the classic weapons that work best
derworld. Relic guns require an investment of Pathos, and relic ammuni-
Bi eacply, 06 cicse ecaishs fall beck on swords, knives anid the like. cis
craft blades and armor from souls, and many wraiths frankly prefer the
that comes from having a sword at their hip or a dagger in their boot,
te weapons are seen as status symbols, and relic or Artifact blades are highly
Il wars between Necropoli have been known to start over the disposition
Artifact weapons.
oli — The base unit of Stygian currency is the obolus. Forged from a single
Hlobolus is the only legal tender in Stygian territory. Most Renegade and Her-
use them as well, out of a lack of an acceptable alternative.
i theoretically can be chopped up for change, but bits of a single obolus
‘separated tend to re-form as soon as they can. Scattered bits of random
&, On the other hand, never coalesce. Certain more sensitive wraiths have given


up on the notion of half-oboli entirely as they ponder the effect that being quartered
has on smelted souls.

* Manacles and Chains — The well-dressed Reaper's tools of the trade, chains
and manacles are used in a variety of ways throughout the Underworld. Their pri-
mary function, of course, is to bind and imprison wraiths. Many chains are empow-
ered to prevent bound wraiths from using their Arcanoi to escape; others are used as
fashion accessories by debonair Domems. Few objects in the Underworld are as thor-
oughly loathed as Stygian chains; all Renegades, almost every Heretic and even a
great many Stygian Lemures see them as reminders of the ever-hungry forges.

* Masks — Extremely fashionable among many wraiths, soulforged masks serve
to depersonalize offices. Useful as a way to command allegiance to an office as op-
posed to an office-holder, the masks of Hierarchy officials are passed along to succes.
sive holders of posts. Even the Deathlords are known only by the masks and other
badges of their offices; it matters little which wraiths wear them.

Deathmarks

Centuries ago, the Ferrymen noticed that certain wraiths arrived in the
Shadowlands with strange markings on their Corpora, visible through the use of the
Arcanos Fatalism. These marks were classified according to the patterns they made,
and there seemed to be several varieties. Those who could see them suggested that
they were like birthmarks on the living, although the resemblance ended there. Some
marks seemed to be carved into the very Corpus of the affected wraiths, some were
raised slightly like scars, and others were merely changes in surface coloration, like
tattoos.

Originally there seemed to be a distinct correlation between the patterning and
the type of person the wraith had been in life, and the Ferrymen saw this as being the
best indicator of how each wraith should seek Transcendence. Time and circum-
stance, though, have conspired to change this dramatically. With the banishment of
the Heretics and the denouncement of Transcendence as a falsehood, the original
purpose of the marks was ignored in favor of classifying wraiths according to the
manner of their deaths. Now wraiths are branded with deathmarks as a means of
marking them the property of a particular Deathlord. Some Restless have taken this
to extremes, Moliating themselves in elaborate patterns to proclaim their loyalty to
their masters and mistresses.

The Sty ofthe Dead

]uman beings are social animals, and a little thing like death doesn't
change this fact. There is a complex and ancient society among
the Restless, complete with wars, politicking, religious fanaticism,
commerce and all of the other things that can be found on the
streets of the cities of the living. Wraiths who understand and take
E) advantage of its rules can prosper immeasurably, while those who
fail to grasp its basic lessons feed the forges or the Void.

Ghostly society is an odd collection of that which has gone before in the lands
of the living. Stygia is based on a classical Athenian ideal, overlaid with a Roman


lic structure with trappings of empire and coated with modern notions layered
standard European feudalism. Astute political observers have labeled the entire
a mess," and few disagree. Complicating matters is the fact that many Stygian
iths date back centuries and have not seen fit to modernize thei viewpoints. A
tassion of Restless politics can be a lesson in living — or unliving — history.

"Circles are tightly knit groups of wraiths, bound together socially for mutual protec-
from slavers and Spectres. The Circle in many ways replaces the family as the funda-
Unit of society in the Underworld, standing by its members through triumphs and
Wraiths independent of Circles tend to be either the last survivors of Circles that
tegrated, or suicidal in the extreme. A wraith without a Circle has no one to

this ghostly back, and will probably not long escape the perils of wraithly existence.

Mist Circles range in size from three wraiths to 30, but seldom more. Members
{Circle are usually bound by the Haunt (or Haunts) they share, not unlike several
ftals clustered together in a group house. It is not uncommon for members of a

t0 run the gamut of Underworld factions, often leading to internal dissension
enough to tear the Circle asunder.

:
ay
id

With hundreds of years stretching out before them, wraiths excel at political

As open warfare among the dead practically embraces Oblivion, wraiths try

against their enemies more subtly, tempting neither fate nor their Shadows.

just because the maneuvers of the aged dead aren't overt, it doesn't mean

They can't be deadly. The forges and the Void both receive their fair share of
who underestimated their opponents' power, or the consequences of defeat.


oughly speaking, the Deadlands of the Western world are split
into three mutually antagonistic factions, though this hardly
means that every wraith is.up in arms against her neighbor,
Most Restless are content to deal with their compatriots on a
one-on-one basis, regardless of political affiliation. However,
each faction has its fanatics and rabble-rousers, and expressing
sympathy for a Renegade in front of the wrong Legionnaire
can be a one-way ticket to an eternity as an ashtray.

The Renegades are rebels, pitting themselves against any who would fence them
in, be that Hierarchy, Heretics or other Renegades. Some are Hierarchs who grew
disillusioned by the system, others fugitives seeking refuge, while their brothers in
arms may be thugs, political radicals or simply free thinkers. Whatever nobler ideals
some may hold about a slavery-free Stygia, an increasing number of Renegades are
simply malcontents well-acquainted with violence and its many applications. For
every Renegade who will infiltrate a Citadel in hopes of putting its soulforge out of
commission, there's another who will gladly sell the returning hero to slavers.

The Heretics are those who seek a higher state, perhaps in Transcendence, pet-
haps in the Far Shores, pethaps somewhere not yet known. The name is a collective
term for the many disparate cults that espouse religious beliefs before political ones,
and was first given to them by Charon after the Shining Ones debacle. Occasionally
these groups band together against violent Renegades or the domineering Hierarchy
agents, but these occasions are rare. Heretic cults usually spend more time battling
each other over doctrine and potential followers. They run the gamut from fanatical
holy warriors and zealots to gentle caregivers and teachers, and everything in be-
tween. Their common bond is their unshakable faith in their beliefs, whether they
be in the Mother Goddess, a pantheon, Chaos Incarnate, the Judeo-Christian Yahweh
or deities unknown to the mortal world. Above all, the Heretics seek converts, as
each group is convinced that it and it alone knows the secrets of afterlife. Sadly,
many of these are dupes of Spectres or worse yet, the "gods" of the Far Shores.

The Hierarchy is the oldest and most powerful side of the triangle, claiming its
authority from the departed Charon. Its lords demand respect from all, and use the
Legions to back up such requests. While the Hierarchy may be the most stable, it is
also the most stifling and conservative faction. The walls of its Necropoli hold out
the Spectres, but at a terrible cost. The average wraith on the street is likely to be a
Hierarch, not much different from the average law-abiding mortal citizen. Hierarchy
wraiths accept the Stygian laws, along with the offenses and the mistakes of the
administration, as the best means of protection from fanatics and the Shadow-Eaten.

On Renegades
My whole life I played by the rules. Paid my taxes, obeyed the speed limit — you name

it. Now I'm dead, and they're telling me I have to do the same thingfall over again, forever?

No way, man. No goddamned way.

— Amos Coulter, Renegade, Doyle's Irregulars


utside the Hierarchy, yet do not belong to an organized Heretic cult. Most so-

; ind the term insulting, and prefer a variety of names ranging
ders" to "Out of my way." Generally Renegades run in quote-unquote
though these gangs can take the form of rampaging freikorps, street gangs or

is no such thing as the "average" Renegade. There are as many reasons
ding on the outside as there are Renegades. Some are reacting to the Hierarchy's
int soul-slavery, while to others it matters little who's in charge... as long as
t the Hierarchy. Many were rebels in life and simply don't want to change.
ives from Hierarchy justice, preferring the precarious life of a refugee
rity of eternity as a soulsteel lawn ornament. Among the Renegades is also
finds the thugs who simply prefer cutting their own paychecks from By-
as opposed to receiving them from a Legionnaire captain.
lo small portion of the gangs are mercenary bands, selling their swords and
§ to any who can afford to pay their fee, including Hierarchs temporarily
Legionnaires. On the other hand, many Renegade communities are peace-
trying to burrow as far into hiding as possible. It is this very disorgani-
pose which hamstrings certain Renegades' periodic efforts to present a
and which unwittingly serves the Hierarchy.

ime source of tension between the Hierarchy and the Renegades is simple
ire. A certain amount of snobbery is part and parcel with living in Stygia as
of the obvious "ruling" class, and many Hierarchs believe it to be their
d privilege to give the Renegades hell as they are socially inferior. For some
the thought of being able to take down a Hierarch just to wipe that
mile off his face warms the plasm even on the chilliest nights. On the other
ere is a great deal of barter and soul-traffic between individual members of
ns, and even Legionnaires will often cut deals with local Renegades if they

: their superiors are looking.

ag
retics
ok around you and tell me that you do not truly believe yourself in Hell, my friend.
"knows the way to a better place, and it would grieve me greatly to sojourn there
‘you remained here among the damned.
iniel Avrams, Shepherd, The Sons of the New Masada
erm "Heretic" was first used by Charon after the discovery of the Far Shores'
However, as each cult sees itself on the true path to salvation, it simply
the name "Heretic" to all of the other, misguided cults with whom it shares
adlands. To the Hierarchy and Renegades, of course, it makes little difference
erétics call themselves, and the term is used only slightly more frequently
loonies."
Heretics could ever iron out their differences and present an ecumenical
‘could prove a formidable foe to the Hierarchy. For many Heretics, the
ir beliefs sustains them as surely as the Pathos paycheck sustains certain
Onnaire counterparts. However, the conflict of belief systems between
ents this from ever being a possibility.


To outsiders, the reasons the Heretics bicker seem like a simple matter of pig-
headedness, a refusal to admit that any other sect's beliefs could be as viable as their
own. However, this is too simplistic an explanation given the variety and complexity
of the belief systems at work. No matter how friendly or open-minded a particular
cult member might be, she will defend her sect to Oblivion's doorstep as being the
right and only way to take the next spiritual step. In a war in which the stakes are so
high, there is no room for tolerance toward the enemy. It has often been quoted that
the one who controls the religion controls the region. The Heretics carry this creed
asa corollary to their own espoused beliefs, and wish to lead their fellow Restless to
Heaven — but on their terms.

For now, the various cults squabble as much with each other as with the Hierar-
chy. The question of Transcendence is the main bone of contention most Heretics
have with Stygia, as Charon had all but declared it to be a lie at the unmasking of the
Shining Ones. Since then, many Hierarchs have abandoned the notion of Transcen-
dence as a fairy tale and see the Heretics as spreading propaganda that is detrimental
to the health of Stygian society. Heretics hotly refute this argument as evidence that
the Hierarchy is just afraid of losing power as souls Transcend.

‘The most famous "heresy" is that of the Fishers, whose involvement with Stygia
is well-known and recorded. Since then, a number of other such cults have sprung
up, most of them defined according to their proselytizing habits.

On The Hierarchy

We are in a war for the sake of all that exists, and we don't have the luxury of dissent.
If you're not with us, you're against us, and if you're against us, you're working for Oblivion.

— Genevieve Buck, Anacreon of Violence, Manchester Necropolis

This monolithic organization is the oldest and longest-lived of any in the
Deadlands. Founded by Charon as means of unifying and ordering the chaotic after-
life, ithas grown into a stratified, calcified bureaucracy "led" by the battling Deathlords
and based upon the enslavement of thousands of souls for use as Thralls or raw mate
rials. Criminalizing any opposition and crushing those who stand in their way, the
armored Legions of the Hierarchy have rolled across the oceans to make sure that
Stygian law is maintained throughout the Deadlands. The fact that many wraiths
find Stygian law objectionable is not open to debate, as most Hierarchs see them-
selves as personally holding the'line against Oblivion. Renegades are seen as want-
ing to open the Citadel gates to Spectres; Heretics would have everyone contem-
plate their navels while the Maelstroms howl. No, no matter how unpleasant some
of its aspects might be, according to loyal Stygian citizens the Hierarchy is the best
bet the world has not to be swallowed by the Void.

In spite of the many flaws, the Hierarchy is perhaps the best chance an average
wraith has to survive threats of Spectres, Maelstroms and other monsters, and one of
the few sources of law and order to be found in the chaotic Underworld. Wraiths
who had been average, law-abiding citizens in life found that the Hierarchy provided
a lifestyle similar to what they were used to, giving them a comforting refuge when
all else in their new existence was strange. These common citizens are an unseen
face of the Hierarchy, which may be known to other wraiths only through the Le-
gionnaire pointing his relic sword or the sadistic bureaucratic servant.


ile the highest levels of the Hierarchy are indubitably corrupt (as any Ren-
Heretic will gladly inform you), the lower levels have managed to escape a
of the infection. Here can be found the idealists, the earnest and hard-
wraiths pushing papers or keeping the peace on a Necropolis block. The few
who have managed to make it to positions of power view Stygia as a once-
empire fallen on hard times. While the Hierarchy has its flaws, Charon still
d intentions and ideas, and they should continue to uphold those ideals,
1e Deathlords have forgotten them.
wraiths are part of the Hierarchy, and it controls most of the Necropoli
dels in the Shadowlands. Many Byways are Hierarchy-built and maintained,
constantly sends patrols out to keep these safe routes clear of Spectres and
Of course, the definition of "safe" depends upon whom is asked, particu-
person is a Renegade.

descends from the Deathlord or lady in a quasi-military chain of com-
th civilian Legionnaires given military ranks in an effort to place them

bureaucratic side of the Legions is just as important as the military, and
s of a Legion aren't out in armor smiting Spectres and Renegades. In-
are processing souls, enforcing laws, taking census, repairing Necropoli,
Enfants and otherwise keeping Stygian society running smoothly.

again, there are the martial aspects to each Legion. Byway patrols, Spectre-
tions, Renegade-busting and other, similar activi jitate a stand-

ity presence among the dead, and each Deathlord does his best to oblige. This
the Legions that Renegades and Heretics are most familiar with, and these

terlands bushwhackings and other inter-Legion unfriendliness has been
happen. A lone Centurion of the Legion of Paupers who wanders into a
juented by soldiers of the Grim Legion can be asking for trouble, depend-
telations between the Smiling Lord and the Beggar Lord are that week.
are other, lesser organizations also known as Legions, though these are

Deathlords' Legions, while the Online Legion contains Hierarchy wraiths
at the Arcanos Inhabit. Some of the Deathlords also have Legions-within-
such as the Beggar Lord who honors his bodyguards with the title of the
the Onyx Tear. It is generally assumed that when the term "Legion" is
one of the eight Legions of the Deathlords that is being referred to. If a
es to mention one of the smaller organizations, she will usually call it by

lame just to avoid confusion.


The Legions con:

The Silent Legion, ruled by the Quiet Lord from the Seat of Silence, and
nnsisting of the victims of Despait

The Legion of Paupers, ruled by th { Seat of Golden

ars, and he victims of

i
The Emerald Legion, ruled by the Emerald Lord from t f Thorns, and

£ the victims of Happenstance
The Grim Legion, ruled by the Smilin mm the Seat of Bu Waters,
1 consisting of the victims of Violence
The Iron Legion, ruled by the Ashen Lady from the Seat of Shadows, and
nsisting of the victims of Old
The Penitent Legion, ruled by the Laughing Lad
1 i he victims of Madness.
al Legion (also called the Gaunt Legion), ruled by the Skeletal
Seat of Dust, and consisting of the victims of Pestilence
ons of Fate, ruled by the Ladies of Fate from the Seat of Fare and
hom Fate has marked for its owr

Legion Ranks

+ Legionnaire —Legionnaires are the grunts of the Underworld, holding the lowest
rank in the Legions. Most have no fixed duties, but instead are reassigned from Necropolis
to Nec

* Centurion A Centurion is a wraith who oversees a patrol and the Legior

polis as the need arises. Patrols generally consist of Legionnaires as we HI.

naires who serve in it. Centurions are empowered representatives of Stygia, and have

considerable leeway in the field. Very few Centurions, once they've begun the lon;

climb up from Legionnaire status, are content to remain at this post for long

Aarshal inted by the local Anacreon, a Marshal is responsible for a

small Domain out of a Citadel. Marshals usually have multiple patrols assi

to them, and each reports directly to her Overlord
Regent — Essentially a well-trusted Marshal, a Regent is granted responsibilit
farther from the local Citadel and hence more independence. Hierarchy Domains that

aren't centered on a Necropolis are usually under the jurisdiction of a Reg

© Overlord — The second tier of authority in a Citadel, an Overlord is usually
1 ;

sacreon's assistant who is trusted to make policy decisions. Overl

d to speak for their Anacreons, and often coordinate all of the patr

lesser Hierarchy officials in a Necropolis,

© Anacreon — The Anacreon of a given Legion is the t t-ranking member

f that Legion within a Citadel. Each Necrop.

lis is ruled by a council of sever

Anacre (the Legion of Fate disdains involvement in local politics), and ar

Anacreon has supreme power over members of her Legion within her jurisdiction

Barehests
These bl

for the K-9 units of the Legions. Each new bar

inds of the dead were once wraiths themselves before they were

t is Moliated into an

select


ke creature and then lobotomized by having a specially prepared muzzle of

steel grafted to its Corpus. The result is an obedient "dog" that answers only

person holding its leash and whistle. Many are used to track the Shadow-

ile others are simply used as shock troops, much to the dismay of their

. When they catch the scent of a Spectre or other quarry, barghests (they

hunt in pairs or packs) will set up a howling so fierce that it can be heard by

. Renegades with a scientific bent hypothesize that these hounds are actu-

u modification of the Arcanos Keening, but very few wraiths who go out to
field research on the matter ever return to publish their findings.

Hierarchy has its own law system, with Charon's ancient code of the Dictum
yum at its center. This code (literally translated, "The Word of the Dead") was
ted during the Middle Ages to regulate the traffic between mortals and wraiths. Many
inflicted themselves on the living through skinriding, nightmares, materializing
ny number of other horrors. Others masqueraded as demons to deluded would-be
With little organized resistance or threat of punishment, these wraiths contin-
games until the Church responded with exorcisms and wardings.
on determined to put a stop to this, and instituted the Code of Charon. It
"to protect the living from the abuses of the dead by putting a heavy interdic-
onall interaction with mortals. It also made very clear that only Charon and his
designates were permitted to gather and dispatch souls.

‘Code is continually updated, and the Stygian Hierarchy continues to maintain
ost Shadowland agents don't have time or energy to read it, let alone enforce it, and
trate on keeping the peace. Many suspect that as long as they keep up the

‘souls to the home office, it won't matter how many infractions they let go.

‘hy law was created as much to punish as to protect. Most Restless follow

quietly, much as they followed Skinlands law in their breathing days.

t, there is an element of fear that comes with obedience, a fear which the

chy does not hesitate to capitalize on in the name of law and order. Stygian
are quick and frequent to crack down on law-breakers, while many of the
Legions and other Hierarchy agents in the Shadowlands tend to ignore
Tawbreakers in the interests of keeping the peace and going after bigger fish.
who do break the law come before a Hierarchy magistrate to stand trial.

faith may appeal to appear before a "higher" magistrate, but appeals are rarely

d unless the accused has some standing in the local Hierarchy. In some cases a

nt may be appealed to the Hand of Fate, and should the Ladies of Fate over-

n decision, the Hierarchy will in most cases abide by the new ruling. Few

W what happens to the defendants in cases that are not dealt with so politely.

fencing and Punishment
‘Ifa wraith breaks a law and is found guilty of a crime, at least in Stygian terri-
She is punished for it. Obviously certain punishments, like the death penalty,


mean little to those already dead, and exiling offenders to the Tempest only risks
strengthening Oblivion further. As a result, the Hierarchy has become a little more
creative in its punishments.

© Enthrallment — The offender is chained with Stygian manacles, making her
the Thrall of another wraith, usually a Hierarchy official. This is the most common
punishment in Stygian territory, though by no means the harshest.

© Torture — Wraiths can heal most ordinary wounds, but Stygian torture is
designed to scar the offender for all eternity. Devices of Stygian steel inflict un-
dreamed-of pain, and these wounds are extremely difficult to heal. Some wraiths
emerge from their punishment with their Corpora permanently marred by the expe-
rience, but the worst wounds are often the unseen ones. To a creature of Passions,
scars left on the Psyche are far more devastating than physical wounds.

* Imprisonment — Sometimes criminals are jailed in Shadowland reflections
of mortal prisons, with reinforced walls and bars of Stygian metal to prevent escape.
This devastating punishment works in several ways. First of all, it keeps the wraith
from visiting her Fetters or renewing her Passions, weakening her ability to resist her
darker half. In addition, when a wraith is left alone in the dark to brood, her Shadow
will inevitably redouble its assaults on her Psyche.

¢ Branding — Branding is a way to mark criminals, effectively ostracizing them
from society and warning other would-be miscreants from attempting the same. The
size and shape of the brands varies according to the severity of the crime. Serious
crimes (assuming the offender escapes the forges or the Masquers) result in the of-
fender wearing her brand on her forehead, exposing her to relentless scorn.

* Discorporation — This is the most severe punishment within the Hierarchy's
power. The offender is transported to the nearest forges and smelted down for
soulgoods. Alternately, some criminals are turned over to wraiths skilled in Moliate
and reshaped into other "useful" implements.

Outsiders
qhe Guilds

he Guilds began as loose "colleges" among the dead to teach the
wraithly arts of Arcanoi to those who used or wished to pursue
mastery in them. Later, the Guilds evolved into political organi-
zations of Freewraiths, existing outside of the Legions and acquir-
ing enough power in Stygian society to make even the Deathlords
nervous. Like their medieval mortal counterparts, the Guilds
guarded their secrets jealously, cloaking themselves in layers of
mystery that not even many of their company could see past.
While most Stygian wraiths believe the Guilds are long since broken, there are
actually 16 Guilds currently in existence, each specializing in a particular Arcanos.
Each has a lingering reputation from days of old, whether it chooses to acknowledge
it or not. Members of certain Guilds are still respected from their favored days under
Charon, while others are hated for their affiliations with the echoes of the past.


War of the Guilds

The Dictum Mortuum did much to sour the Guilds' relations with Charon. For
aiths, Charon's decree barring interference with the Skinlands was a terrible
to their livelihoods and amusements. Sandmen, Proctors, Spooks, Haunters,
ippeteers and smaller factions within the other Guilds who depended on contact
ith the mortal world suffered the most, and resolved not to take the matter lying
Their response was to continue their work as if nothing had happened, a
that did not endear them to the Hierarchy. Contention over contact with the
would become one of the stickiest points in relationships between the two
ps for centuries to come, and nearly led to open revolt on several occasions

| During the Middle Ages, the Guilds came into prominence. Those wraiths pro-
Gient in their chosen Arcanoi organized themselves as mortal craftsmen did, offi-

‘eodifying themselves as Guilds. Older groups, such as the millennia-old colle

ve fe of soulforgers, quickly adapted to the new paradigm, and soon the Guilds were a
fixture on the political landscape. Tight symbiotic relationships devel-
between many of the Guilds and Stygia, with Freewraiths providing services in
for wealth, power and status. However, since the wealth of Stygia flowed

they claimed primacy among the Guilds and often sub-

other Guilds' agendas to their own. Resentment bred among other Guilds,

Over into an unofficial war that stretched from the Shadowlands to the streets

This conflict, called the War of the Guilds, lasted from 1096 to 1354

battalions of Guild members on the streets, what happened

Ad closed doors was another matter entirely. The Mnemoi lured the Sandmen

he war by claiming that Charon planned to raze a number of theatres in favor

forges, while the Monitors directed all and sundry to even the best-protected

of their adversaries. A Chanteur who enjoyed the favor of a certain Anacreon

d "persuade" him (with assistance from her Solictor accomplice) to investigate

ter of Artificers forging weapons that were not ending up in the armory, in

§ of sentencing the embezzlers to their own forges. Other Guilds with Skinland

ts (Proctors, Puppeteers, Spooks and Haunters) set them against the main

# Meanwhile taking advantage of the chaos to tweak their Guilds' secondary

€, Artificers fought back by creating a number of lovely new objets d'art from

Otpora of their enemies, delivering them as their answer to the apocryphal fish
Pped in newspaper.

The war was begun to remove the Artificers from power, but ended up making

Stronger than ever. A number of "accidents" needed to be disposed of, and the

& Were the obvious choice. Eventually, things ground to a stalemate and with


increased interference from the Deathlords looming, a cessation of hostilities made
the best sense. In the latter months of 1354, the Compact of the Guilds was ratified
by the 13 Greater Guilds. Of those excluded, the Solictors and Alchemists were
considered to be unimportant, and were therefore not invited to sign, while the
Mnemoi were so thoroughly disliked by this point that they were purposely snubbed,

The Compact called for an end to all conflicts between the Guilds. A Council
of Guilds would be formed to adjudicate disputes between Guilds or opposing Guild
members. The Artificers, as the Eldest Guild, would sit as the leadership of both
Compact and Council. This originally caused more hard feelings and anti-Artificer
sentiments, but these sentiments were silenced when the Artificers spread a few Ar-
tifacts around to "encourage" cooperation.

The Breaking

Despite the problems in its inception, the Council unified the Guilds as a po-
litical force. While they bickered behind closed doors, they presented a united front
to the rest of Stygia. They towered over the rest of the Stygian population in power,
surpassed only by the Deathlords (no doubt to those august wraiths' collective re-
lief). However, the winds of change were blowing, particularly in the form of unrest
among the Heretics and Renegades. Certain Guildmasters saw the instability wrought
by these groups as a chance to seize power from Charon's obviously weakened grasp.
On April 6, 1598, the Guilds, led by the Artificers, attempted to stage a coup d'etat.
The Usurers had helped to begin the revolt, but abandoned the project suspiciously
quickly. When they left, their closest allies, the Masquers, followed, and the coup
began to founder. It ended a miserable failure, and many of the offenders were oblit-
erated by the next tide.

In the wake of the rebellion, Charon had concerns that too much power was
being concentrated in the Guilds' grasp. Another, more organized coup might well
have succeeded where the Artificers' clumsy power grab had failed. He decided to
remove the threat of usurpation by dissolving that threatening concentration of power,
and did so by banishing the Freewraiths' Guilds from Stygia.

The Decree of the Breaking, as it was called, outlined Charon's policy against
the Guilds, to wit: The existing Guilds were dissolved as official organizations; any
groups calling themselves Guilds were outlawed in Stygian lands; Guild membership
was a crime; and specially trained Legionnaires would be taking the place of Guild
members in Stygian society. Like the coup, the Decree was misguided in intention
and doomed to failure. After 20 years of sabotage and work stoppages, Charon dis-
covered the Legions could not replace the Guilds. For that matter, the Breaking had
done nothing to slow down Guild members themselves. They still had the tools and
the talents for which wraiths would pay handsomely.

Still, it would have made for a bad precedent for Charon to reverse his decision.
Such an about-face would have suggested that he could neither create firm policy
mandates nor enforce his will, and in the post-coup instability, appearing weak in
front of the predatory Deathlords would have incited more rebellions. In the end, he
chose to reinstate "former" Guild members individually on the condition that they
understood the Guilds were no more. However, the fiction that the Guilds were
destroyed was still circulated among the populace, and eventually the populace grew
to believe it.


Guilds do still exist, regardless of policy. No matter what fictions or party
fe disseminated, the Guilds are still a vital force in che Underworld. Many
jized access to services that no wraith would want to live without, while
have powers that have become political necessities. In the end, the Guilds
9 that any talent wanted badly enough will persuade a wraith to abandon his
principles to seek it out, wherever it lies.
aly about one-tenth of the wraiths in Stygia are Guild members, and most
‘believe the Guilds don't exist. Mere knowledge of a Guild's specialty is not
convict a wraith of membership, and it is expected that Stygian citizens
nething of at least one or two Arcanoi. However, the Guilds were banished
Vs decree, and therefore belonging to one technically makes a wraith a
As criminals are eligible to be smelted in the forges, Guild membership
ous thing to hold.
any ex-Guild members or rogues seek out Renegade groups in which to hide,
$a matter of great concern to those who wish to maintain the Guilds' lock on
A dropouts are allowed to run, but those
Guild secrets to outsiders are playing dice with their afterlives, as the Guild in
will almost certainly seek retribution for this betrayal. The Artificers and Pup-
in particular take pleasure in hunting down rogues who teach Guild secrets.
retics tend to either view the Guilds as vanished secular groups or they are
them entirely. According to some Heretic cults, the Breaking was divine
don against the blasphemers of the Haunters, Artificers or whatever other
peurred the cult's ire. On the other hand, many cults may also shelter ex-
mbers, but emphasis is placed firmly on the "ex" aspect. Shelter among the
jomes with a price, and not all wraiths are willing to pay that price to avoid
Hierarchy wrath.
te the Decree, the Council of Guilds continues to meet and squabble, just as it
The Artificers, as the Eldest Guild, claim certain rights and privileges due
manding respect and obedience. This air of superiority grates on the nerves of
iters and Usurers, among others, making for uneasy relations between the
‘Guilds are frequently at cross purposes in what to do and who has prece-
ften tuming Council meetings into sheer chaos, On those rare occasions when
are unified toward a goal, however, they can still exert a frightening amount of
With so many Guild members infiltrated into Stygian society, free from suspi-
Guilds have their fingers on more levers of power than the Deathlords dream.

Guilds Today

wraiths, be they Hierarchy, Heretic or Renegade, don't actively believe in
se of the Guilds. Charon broke them centuries ago, after all, and they
Wt been heard from since. The soulforger down the street? He's just a soulforger,
ter-class Artificer. The Sandman across town who puts on dreamshows
Thursday? She's just a street performer, not a member of the so-called Dream
Even in the byzantine bureaucracy of the Hierarchy, there are few who know

, and they seem content to let the lie stand uncontested.


s of the
equal measure,

ndescended to, these Guilds

effect, the Solicitors
ld. Their Arcanosy
after
ight out the Solictors
s well. Well before the
any of the other
s, but not so unwele
to understand the energy
ron living objects. They
ey might have continued
e from enforcement of the
their other Guild breth=
raith wanting to
ntact an Alche-
at such-and-such a time
Alchemists still enjoy @
friendly re r ds, particu: eir parent organization.
The Mnemoi once se s detect i} f Stygia, their memorye
A ver the whats and
the elders took to
Charon, the
ind hunted,
f the Necropoliy
f polite social
eal with them,

wlands. Everyone
kn

For wraiths with centuries to plot, elaborate politics are the rule of the day

Guilds are no exception. Many Guild members are worr ut the disintegratin:
bric of Stygian society under the Deathlords, and see themselves as a viable alte

native to the petty squabbling that is the rule of the day. In spite of the Guilds' effor

intain a low profile, they are as much a part of the political strata as the Le

or Heretics. This runs terrible risks for all involve Guil
unmasked, the depths of their involvement in St
thousands of wraiths to the forges (provided there wa
Officially, wraiths are urged to ¢ their talents with Arcanoi to the Hierar
hether they provide entertainment or more vital services. Unofficially, each Guild d

e a definite political slant to it, with the talents of the members often providing


© its affiliation. Because of the Dictum Mortwam, Haunters, Proctors and Puppeteers
main the Guilds on the outside. Never officially sanctioned by the Hierarchy, they
ward a hard-line Renegade stance. Chanteurs and Sandmen walk a thin line, as

i -es are valued but their artistic temperaments drive them toward a more Ren-

political posture. Their fellow fence-straddlers are Spooks, Oracles, Usurers and
quers, all of whom tend to shift according to the way the political breeze is blowing.
fificers, Harbingers, Monitors and Pardoners are still on the inside, relatively regi-

tanding alone in the Underworld, the Ferrymen are equal parts
enigma and legend. All wraiths have met one (or know someone
who has, or know someone who knows someone...), but no one
knows much about them. It is common knowledge that no wraith
A will interrupt a Ferryman on his joumey, and even the Legions give
them free passage. They sweep the Byways clean of Spectral incur-
@) sions and keep the paths to the Far Shores and Stygia safe, but claim
allegiance with neither Hierarchy, Heretics nor Renegades. Nobody
fwhere they come from, where they are going, or why they wander endlessly.
Ferrymen were originally created and empowered by Charon in the heady
the Stygian Republic. Charging them to see souls safely to the Far Shores
ndence, Charon did his job too well; when the surviving Ferrymen felt
aron had departed from their original, shared mission, the vast majority turned
"back on the Emperor of Stygia and became independent agents. Now they
él the Byways and Shadowlands, bound on unknowable missions.
ten, Ferrymen will pause in their journeys to take on passengers. While they
ot convey their guests to their destinations as quickly as some might like, Fer-
will protect them to the point of self-destruction; the safety of another's soul
jing they take very seriously. Moreover, Ferrymen have an unstained reputa-
fearlessness and honesty, and the word of one of these cowled wanderers is as
[as truth anywhere in the Shadowlands.
Ferrymen always demand a price for their aid, whether it be an oath, an Artifact
. Breaking a promise made to a Ferryman marks the oathbreaker for eternity,
fll subject a wraith to his justice.
addition to their legendary reputation for guiding questing souls toward Tran-
n e, Ferrymen are powerful wraiths well-schooled in combat and the Arcanoi.
fet by Spectres and beasts of the Tempest every time they set forth, they are forced
er as much as sojourn, and a weak Ferryman does not journey far.
ll Ferrymen can be known by their cowls and scythes, which they use to pole
fF felic rafts down Byways and across the Sunless Sea. Each Ferryman is dressed in
entical black robe, and clutches the weather-beaten wood of her scythe's handle
R skeletally thin fingers. It is said that Ferrymen's eyes glow in the presence of


%| very war has its casualties, and the war against Oblivion is no
exception. Wraiths whose Shadows become dominant leave the
Shadowlands to dwell within the Tempest and Labyrinth; these
unclean spirits are collectively known as Spectres. Servants of
Oblivion, most Spectres seek to make others join in their tor-
ment. They work unceasingly toward the day when the Void con-
quers all, but until that time comes, they're not above having a
little sadistic fun with any wraiths they come across.


Most wraiths know little about Spectres, other than that they should be feared
d hated. The Shadow-Eaten assault Byways and Citadels, riding Maelstroms on
s of destruction. Few wraiths are interested in knowing more about them,
t perhaps more and better ways to combat them.
Most terrifying of the bits of common knowledge about Spectres is the fact that
ry seem to be able to speak directly to a wraith's Shadow, working with it in unholy
Spectres often seem to know all of a wraith's weaknesses and fears, and can
empower the Shadow to a frightening extent.
‘There are rumors and hints of a vague society of Spectres within the Labyrinth,
ically minded explorers have been few and far between. What is known
‘some Spectres do still retain their Fetters and therefore can infiltrate the
lands.
Among the many castes of Spectres, the best-known include:
: Doppelgangers — Spectres who retain Fetters and a relatively fair appear-
, Dopplegangers turn their attentions to subverting Citadels from within.
'¢ Nephwracks — Still possessing Fetters but wrought into monstrous forms by
t, Nephwracks dwell in the eternal storm and assault travelers. They rarely
ear in the Shadowlands, much to the relief of most wraiths.
'® Shades — Nearly mindless yet astonishingly powerful, Shades are among the
I t Spectres found outside of the Labyrinth. Shades tend to be twisted into
s that can only be described as inhuman.
Malfeans — The Priest-Kings of the Labyrinth, the Malfeans are so powerful

as to be beyond the comprehension of an average wraith. Often called the
Born, Malfeans supposedly crawled forth from the Void at the beginning of

‘and have plotted, slumbered and warred amongst themselves ever since.



Chapter
Character

Here lies one whose name was writ on water
— John Keats, from his tombstone

efore you can begin to play Oblivion, you must create a character.
This character will be the role you assume in the stories you and
your friends tell. Unlike make-believe, you don't just make up a
character as you go along. Instead, you create the character before
you start playing. There's a certain amount of work involved —
characters are made, not born. Character creation is a creative
struggle, and even the most experienced roleplayers find it a chal-
lenge to build a compelling yet honest character.
chapter describes how to create a unique character, starting with a general
and translating that concept into values that can be used in the game. The
itself is very simple, but you should not hesitate to ask a Narrator any ques-
might have.
acter creation is like cooking. You gather the ingredients, stir them together,
result bake for a while. You start by deciding what kind of character you want.
to be a street-hardened punk, or a rich and spoiled ex-debutante? Are you
graduate, or were you tutored in life somewhere in the Appalachian Moun-
background and personality of your character are the essential ingredients of
Persona. From your basic concepts, you can work out the details.

Reed to decide what type of character you want to play, Were you an honest
ficer who made a mistake in dealing with a criminal, and who was shot and killed


-N B Butsodyp Aq) Aarfeuosiad v pue (sep Surat] no wy ya1Fax ysorwas8 ano s1 wy
pue ‘patp pue paar] nod moy) adaou09 e Suisooyp seaoaur wawdo|aaap 1IIeTEY)

pompunosl a1seq ayp dojaaap 03 yes ue> nod Oy Sut

iad (on 1uem Nok JaIDeIEYD auf Joy UORENTdsU Puy o3 pIaU NO'
‘4q90ys Ja1eFeYD NoA UO UMOp BurepAuE aM NOA aojaq

| woreuidsu| :3U0

‘ssg001d uonneaio s2oeseYy> ayp Jo UMOpyEasg e st SuIMOT|O} ay.

uoweay) Jayperey)

"1y 2,usaop asnf za29eIeYD sNOk pus
aup ut jt s19Aefd soypo 403 a]qedofua ssa] aures ay Surpeus jo su ayp suns pue Yoprey
yonut aq ued Jane] ay "9]e2 SuNstxo atp ut ad"]d Mo snoX yno aased 40 3a;9EIeyD
Mau atv—ND 03 9ABY NOK ‘Azors ayp UI ade[d e aARY 2,US9OP JI>eIEYD aNoK J] I9DNI8
ayp ssou3e Uaap|Iyp Burdjay aajoaur suorsseg asoya Ape] pjo apa] aaru wo YareIm aya
10} 99ujd ou sey Ayqeqoud ajatuoayp yaans palipa-prey Yy "a}jakiorg ap Aq papins
ae nod ‘styp Uy "Auoas ay suIns OYM JaIDEIEYD e a1eaI9 02 Ary|IGISUOdsaL MOK st a]

"aye} st ypeap JOU ayy s9yPTOU ‘Je JayyY "THEM NO SuT~PAraAa anvy shemye
3,ued Nos ‘AfarEUNIOFUA) "adadu0 NOs o1 yERUAsSe 3,UAZe eYR suo dy areUTLUT]D Udy
puv aavy or z92e7eY> NOK ay] Pjnom nod saprTENb pure sareX] axp ]e-Is] 02359q S13] AE
0) BUIOB 94,N04 wuosiad aup PIing Nos ‘syst] yo sousas & Woy (JaDENLYD INOA Burquosop son.
nb) sayeay, Sunsooyp Ag "tarsks UORDa[9s e st tiansAs UOReaJD JonDeIEYD aur SY |

sriereyp Amok jo adaou09 ax uarysA Nok djay 01
queaul ue squlod yeam pue Suons snod Suryord pue saierey> ay Sunwaso jo sassaooid
ay "s9]na oy YPIA oEIAIUT 02 suBDU e YIN MOA apracad oF st 21 se s9YDeIEYD INOA
auyap Nok djay o2 Yonur sv pausisap st ssavoid uoreas9 saoeIY> s,401AT]qQ,

<poou 2eyp []y 02 saxSeTEY> e areaxD 02 aavy AeUI NOA puE ‘A40rs
© UL P9T]Y 9q 02 pou reYp sayos urEIs9 9q VaYO ]]1M Bay] "IUNODIe OUT UDe2 2q
sur qeUp suOeIApIsUOD [eIDAds aay soLIOs AURPY "2494 parst] asovp SapIseq seD104>
yaypI Nok saYO Jo saD10YD UOReAID Ja]DeIeYD snOs 3DHSAI EU 4D]]924401g 9]
"parp,, NOA udya ae axp st ae 1uasedde snog *ss9] 10 sreaK Q¢ 30} YprEIM v U99q
avy nok ‘ase Aue Uy "Fadeay anos Aq sdeysad pur ‘sjaae ano wr 9u Apeas|e 24,NOK
sasoys may asoyp Aq pjoa U9aq 24,04 aya adaoxa ‘apryUN Jo Ar9190s ApAsOYs Jo a]N21]
MOU NOK "peag ssapsoy ay Jo SyueX ay paulo! pue pnorys ap passo3> Apwud>91
4quo aavy nog "yreim pareasd A[MaU v ‘iNUIa7] paouauiadxaUt pue SuNoA Apstey v se
aure8 oyp 1eas Nod ‘YaAaMOPY *(a8INOD Jo ‘ajJa24201g at Jo Jeaoadde axp YIM) nos or
dn Ajaanqua s1 punosByoeq pue aana]no s9fy "ae Aue ye 11DeIeYD ¥ 18939 ULD NOX
"yprexm popunor-[jam pue padojaaap-|jam e aya ue> Aayp ‘sonsteas saxseTeY> InoA 01
Poppe uayai ‘pure ‘"arfeuosiad pur punoxSy>eq szo.oeey> anos dn sayeus wand UI IY |, "2f!]
Woy yoxa1 JofeU §ypreIM NOK Soop se TaIDeIEYD sno dn ayeus 2 sdjay perp pue peat] NOA
Aem ayy youd ur yjasinos Suey o7 No' Bursned ‘sjasuury payfPy OY Arlsqap29 ¥ JO Ue} v.2I9m

Tok aqheyy {awe} PUB UIAIaY JO (IO ULAN e Jo parp oy Aa1Iq9]99 snourEy eNO' axa/y {3UP
"Doe one Ue UT AjssaJasuas parp OY UaZNID prose aaa nod aqheyy [Aanp JO ouT] Up UI

= on! / Bp —ceeeperie
cree] ) Se
S Be io,
tay Bat Arg -—— ae = —

Character Creation Process:

p One: Character Concept — Who and what are you?

your Life, Death and Regret
p Two: Attributes — What are your basic capabilities

ritize Attributes (seven primary, five secondary and three tert
p Three What do you know and what can you d

se five Abilities

rose four Passions
se four Fetters
Four: Shadow Creation — What is your Shadow like
's Archetype
est Trait
Dark Passions
levels worth of Thorns
ive: Last Touches — Fill in the details.
t with five Pathos Traits
ith one Status Trait
ower Traits
Traits (if any) and what you're trading them for

Spark of Unlife — Narrative descriptions and other details

fiireand Demeanor). The better you relate these different elements, t
Demeanor) is completely different from her true self (or Nat
frast, you can put real

Although sh
listings and/or de
Four.

mes the face a character

irks into your wraith's personality

s of Archetypes are given in this chapter, yc

tions for Life, Death, Regret, Natures and Demean

Concept (life, Death and Reeret)

Th order to create a bac
figure out specifically h: ie r
thing thar she regrets 1 n
PPar later decisions about y
nto her unlife and w

than others on what Attrit

MNindirect influence on

Nature and Demeanor

At this point, you should ch
Sfthe disposition and

ee

und that mal

¢ lived and died. You also nee

er breathing days. These choices

acter, such as what Passi

tb Some ch

»u choose

is appropriate for your chai


Nature and Demeanor

* Architect — You wish to cre d order the uncoordinated elements that

* Avant-Garde 1 cover or create new things, and to he on the

* Bon Vivant th doesn't have to end the party

© Bravo — Fear equals respect in your mind. Make others respect you by ine

timidating t

* Bureaucrat Jer out of chaos is t u've got the papers

© Caregiver

© Child — Innocence and ‘ rtain that you ar way

* Conniver i dirt when it's so much easier to get
et

* Critic — T s se flawed and so is everyone in it; good thing

* Explorer SON ering is read and butter, because

* Follower — Le ; le s set know best. It only makes

taking chances. After all}

@ Jester — Who says the afterlife has to k Dead is one thin,

© Leader — Y t d who knows what you're doing, and
# Martyr — You can always give of yourself to make aderworld a better place:
* Mediator — Y Js of wisdom calm the most troubled of waters.

© Rebel — [

* Scientist ality and understanding keeps n at bay

* Survivor — Surr snot vocabulary. No matter what happens:
you will sur

* Traditionalist — If ked f «ipa after he died, and Daddy after he
© Visionary re's Sor ft 1 ast clir existence; perhaps

you can get

Your character's Nature is essentially her true personality. The Nature des
who your character really is on the inside, but your chosen Nature is not nect
the only Archetype that applies to her personality; everybody has more than one fact
that they show to the world


Jn addition, you should also choose a Demeanor to describe the personality your
Sracter uses in day-to-day existence. This is the role you play in the world, the facade
é nt. It should probably be different from the Archetype you have chosen as your
Searacter's Nature, but whatever Demeanor you decide on is really only a typical pose and
thing more. People can change their outward behaviors as quickly as they change their

f. You may decided to change your character's Demeanor at any time to suit different

Bple and different situations. Demeanor has no practical effect on the rules; itis only

ded to serve as a roleplaying tool and to help you get a grasp on your wraith as you
jine what her capabilities should be.

ep Two: Attributes
Attributes are everything a character naturally, intrinsically is. Are you strong? Are
as these are answered by the way you distrib-
fyour Attributes, the Traits that describe the basic, innate potential of your character.
The first step is to prioritize the three different categories of Attributes, placing them
fonder of importance to your character. Are you more adept at physical matters than you
fin social situations? Does your intellect surpass your physical prowess, or vice versa?
% Physical Attributes describe the abilities of the body, such as strength, dexter-
yand endurance.
® Social Attributes describe your character's appearance and charisma — her
ility to influence others.
7 Mental Attributes represent your character's mental capacity and include such
ings as memory, perception, self-control and the ability to learn and think.

"The concept and affiliations of your character may suggest what your Attribute
forties should be, but feel free to pick any way you please. For now, think in the broad-
(perspectives — you can get more specific after you understand the big picture.

After you've chosen the order of your wraith's three Attribute categories, you need
specific Traits from each category. Traits are adjectives that describe your
strengths and weaknesses, defining your character just as a character in a novel

ed. In your primary (strongest) Attribute category, you can choose seven Traits. In
lary category, you can choose five. In your tertiary (weakest) category, you can
three. Thus, you receive a total of 15 Attribute Traits. You can take the same

more than once, if you wish, reflecting greater aptitude at a particular specialty.


ne j

w Traits function i

¢ Traits reflect k

Chapter Five descr ne game. For now, you simpl

need to understand that th aracter is

ow competent your ch

have in one Attribute category, th

actions involving that cat

ferent kinds of actions. The more Traits

more skillfully your character can perfor ory

n which you can choose, ser

Listed below are examples of Attribute Traits frc

rated into

Step Three: Advantages

Advantages are the Traits th:

ppropriate cate

ories.

ter from another. They all

0 take actions that we )a normal human being. Tt

a character
vantages: Abilities, Arcanoi, Passions and Fetters

are four categories

Choosing Abilities
Abilities represent your training and knowledge beyond the outline provide
by your Attributes. They are what you have learned and what you can do rather th

what you are. Abilities let you perform specialized tasks that are only possible witl

training: hacking computers, soulfor, r reading the Dead Sea Scrolls

Choose five different Abilities from the list that follows

Abiliti

Complete Abi ptions ¢ { in Chapter Four
Athletics sical prowess and competition
Brawl
Bureauc ad les of government and ation.

Computer

Enigmas
Etiquette are at ny social situation
Firearms
Investigation
e dead, if not the livin,

mand

besides that of the Dead.
* Medicine can hea g and understand how bodies work — and break.

* Melee You are skilled 1e U sany different hand-to-hand weapons:

* Occult — You k fi aysterie

* Performance — ) NAC n i lay an instrument (maybe all of the abe

into objects.
without others noticing.
Streetwise

Subterfuge


.

oy SF Se

| Chapter Tre: Crater
Choosing Arcanoi

Ipraith begins the game with
fjame. Each Arcanos has two f
the first power listed

ijte-level powers in a
have been learned. A player m
lan Arcanos rather than choose the b
imust have your Storyteller's permi

be ch intermedi

Arcanoi

Complete Arcanoi descriptions can be found in Chapter Four. The Guild
ing in each Arcanos is listed after the power's description
+ Arg us are adept at traveling, especially in the Tempest (the Hark
* Castigate — You know how to deal with and understand the Shadow (the Pardoners)
+ Embody — You know how to physically manifest in the Skinlands (the Proctors),
+ Fatalism — You are able to read someone's past or future (the Oracles)
+ Flux — You are able to manipulate and animate objects created by the living,
vu understand the energy within those objects. (the Alchemists)
Inhabit — You are a master of inanimate objects (the Artificers)
Intimation — You are able to understand and manipulate the wants and de-
f others, both the Quick and the dead. (the Solicitors)
You can sing emotions into your listeners, living or dead (the Chanteurs)
You understand the ties between wraiths and the Skinlands (the Monitors)
* Mnemosy You can trace memories and manipulate them. (the Mnemoi)
* Moliate — You can sculpt and manipulate your own plasm or someone else's
Aasquers),
Outra You are able to manifest your strength of will into a kinetic foree
Spocks)
andemonium — You are able to tap into chaos and unleash strange things
the Skinlands (the Haunters)
Phantasm — You can manipulate mortals' dreams (the Sandmen)
Puppetry — You have the ability to "ride" mortals and thereby affect them
tly (the Puppeteers)
Usury — You have the ability to shift Pathos and Corpus from one source to

her (the Usurers).

Choosing Passions

Passions are what f
from your Passions, you cai
ir Passions, focused em

When selecti
then decide what em


have the Passion Avenge my murder (Hate). Remember that the obvious emotion fora
Passion is not always the appropriate one; if your character's murder might lead to the
deaths of others you love, you might have the Passion Avenge my murder (Fear). Then
again, you might simply want to get back at the person who bumped you off, in which
case the Passion Avenge my murder (Vengeance) might be more appropriate.

If you or someone near you (at a Narrator's discretion) strongly feels the par-
ticular emotion that rests at the heart of one of your Passions, you might be able to
feed from of it. With a Simple Test you are able to see if you can gain strength from
the present emotion. This may be overseen by a Narrator, or may simply be a test
between the wraith and a bystander if no Narrator can be found.

Choosing Fetters

Fetters are people, places or other material objects that simultaneously keep a
wraith attached to the Skinlands and anchor him against Oblivion's relentless pull,
In fact, Fetters are part of what makes a lost soul a wraith. Each represents something
that held a special meaning or certain importance to your character while he was
alive. In practical terms, your Arcanoi are often easier to use around your Fetters;
plus, you can rest and heal more easily near a Fetter.

You get to choose four Fetters, describing each one exactly. Bear in mind that
things happen during gameplay which cannot be foreseen; you might lose a Fetter or
gain one, depending upon how things work out.

Step Four: Shadow Creation

There are two main aspects to a wraiths personality: the Psyche and the Shadow.
The Psyche is the main part of a wraith's personality, the one that represents his
force of will and identity. The Shadow is the dark side of his personality, the voice in
the back of his head that cajoles, connives and corrupts him to do its bidding until it
drags him down into Oblivion.

As it is impossible to have players take the part of each others' Shadows in
Oblivion (what to do if your Shadow is on the other side of the building? Take ad-
vantage, of course....), the role falls to Narrators. With that in mind, you should
write down the details of your Shadow on a Shadow sheet (provided at the back of
the book) and carry that sheet with you at all times when you play Oblivion. When
a Shadowguiding Narrator arrives on the scene and decides to take the part of your
Shadow, you'll hand over your Shadow sheet to that Narrator. Shadows can connive,
strike deals and otherwise interfere with your character's everyday existence.

Complete descriptions of Shadow creation and systems for Shadowguiding are
in Chapter Six.

Archetypes

Just as the Psyche has Archetypes, the Shadow does as well. Shadow Archetypes,
however, are warped and distorted. These Archetypes, just like your Psyche's Nature and
Demeanor, define your wraith's Shadow and help make that part easier to roleplay. Your
Shadow's Archetype also suggests the sort of tactics and entreaties it will make of your
Psyche, not to mention what it might do if it ever gets to take over.


rfectionist

Rationalist

‘Angst is the Shadow's equivalent to a wraith's Pathos. Angst reflects the strength of
ithe corrupting voice inside your head in terms of how loud it is and how much control it
fhasover you. Angst comes in two types: Temporary and Permanent. The Shadow acquires

, including feeding its Dark Passions and accumulating 10 points of

n one Permanent Angst Trait. Angst is the fuel that your Shadow
iises fo Work its way with you as it tries to steer you ever closer to Oblivion' embrace
Mote on Angst, its uses and costs can be found in Chapter Six

Dark Passions
The Shadow's goals and drives are embodied in Dark Passions, which are usu
ally the opposite or corrupted, self-destructive versions of the Psyche's normal Pas
Sions. For example, if you had a Passion such as Avenge my murder (Anger), your
Shadow's Dark Passion might be Get revenge on anyone who disagrees with me
): There is a fine line between anger and hate, but if your cha
EXeessive Vengeance on another wraith, that might be enough for a test to see if your
ains Temporary Ar

their use in roleplaying can t

Thoms

Thoms are the tools that your Shadow uses to gain control of you or cause you to slip
®Pand hasten your downward spiral toward Oblivion. When a Shadow hi

acter ever seeks

More information concerning Dark Passions and

found in Chapters Four and Six

ained strength


through Temporary Angst points, itcan then unleash its Thoms (either through a Narrator',
your Shadowguide's or your own choice). You choose two "levels" worth of Thoms, either
one Level Two Thom or two Level One Thoms. Complete descriptions and listings of
Thoms can be found in Chapter Four, and the use of Thoms is described in Chapter Six,

Step Five: Last Touches

The most important stage of character creation, in terms of character definition, is
the application of last touches. These are the little details and flourishes that complete
your character. During this stage you may take Negative Traits, flaws in your physique or
personality. Negative Traits allow you to take additional (positive) Traits on a one-for-one
basis. You can also use them to gain Artifacts, Status in a particular group or even a new
Arcanos. You will also need to record your Pathos and choose your Willpower Traits at this
time. Finally, you need to be aware of your character's state of health, i.e., his Corpus Level,

Pathos

Pathos Traits represent the energy that powers a wraiths unliving existence. Pure
emotion crystallized into usable form, Pathos is what enables a Restless to keep going in the
face of Oblivion. Drawn from fulfilling your Passions, Pathos enables you to use your Arcanoi.
You can also use Pathos to heal your Corpus when injured in combat or by other means.

You start off every session with five Pathos Traits, which you can use in what-
ever way you need to. Even though you start with five Traits, you can raise your
Pathos to a maximum of 10 by following your Passions and siphoning Pathos from
locations rich in emotion (Haunts) and from the memories of the living (if you can). 7
Your Pathos Traits can never rise above 10, and it is extremely likely that the number
of Pathos Traits you have will rise and fall throughout the course of gameplay.

Background Traits

There are several types of Background Traits, but the most important kind is Status.
Every wraith begins play with one Status Trait for one of the three major factions of the
Underworld: Hierarchy, Renegades or Heretics. The single Status Trait means that you
are "officially" recognized as a member of that group (by others if not by yourself). Status
‘Traits for Oblivion are usually held in one of those three varieties.

The more Status you have within a particular group, the more respected youare within
that group and the more authority you are likely to wield. Conversely, the more Status you
hold, the more likely it is that members of the other two groups will look askance at you.

There is a fourth type of Status that can be purchased during character cre-
ation: Status in the shadowy organizations known as the Guilds. Guild Status can be
purchased for two Negative Traits per level. This kind of Status can be dangerous to
hold. The outlawed Guilds depend on silence for survival, and take it quite seriously.

Wraiths can hold Status in more than one group, but this can be tricky. If you're
found out, one or more of the groups you belong to may decide that you're a security
risk and deal with you accordingly.


Willpower reflects your basic drive, self-confidence and tenacity. It is essential
rolling the actions and behavior of your character, especially in times of
‘when your Shadow might attempt to take over the Psyche. You start with three
jer Traits to use, although you can regain your Willpower through roleplaying

pa Narrator's or a Storyteller's discretion)

e [rats

VActhis point, you may increase your character's power by selecting counterba
flaws. By taking a Negative Trait, you can, for example, add a new Trait to

Attributes or take another Ability. Negative Traits are Attributes that identify

fcomings in your character's physique or personality. They can be used against

a

ina challenge (a contest staged between you and other characters), Each Neg:

¥

fait is equal to one positive Trait; for each Negative Trait you take, you receive

allve

sitive Trait of your choice. You can take no more than five Negative Traits with-
Storyteller permission. You can take whatever Negative Traits seem to fit your
acter; you need not take the full five, or any at all. However, it's fun to have at
febnie; ironically, Negative Traits make your wraith more alive and realistic.
D Bach Negative Trait you take allows you to choose one of the following options:
B® Take one additional positive Trait in any category of Attribute: Physical, So-
Gialy Mental. (The maximum number of Traits you can possess in a given category is
ded by the Storyteller. She has the final word on how limited or unlimited your
ter can be.)
® Take one extra Ability
(Optional: Your Storyteller may allow you other options for modifying your char-
& Possible options are:
® Take one more Passion or gain another Fetter. It costs two Negative Traits to
tin'one Passion or Fetter.
Silake one Negative Trait in order to purchase one level of Artifact or one
sof Status in either the Hierarchy, Renegades or Heretics. Artifacts are described
fully in Chapter Fou

A
‘| Hi © Two Negative Traits allow the purchase of one Innate Ability in an Arcanos
Aainnate Ability is the most basic ability of an Arcanos, and any wraith ma


it. You don't need to take more Negative Traits to gain other Innate Abilities in the
Arcanos you purchase). A single level of Guild Status may also be purchasd.

© Three Negative Traits allow the purchase of a Basic Arcanos (which does
include all of the Innate Abilities of that particular Arcanos).

You can take another Angst Trait (see Shadow Creation, below) in lieu of
two Negative Traits, but you can never initially take as many or more Angst Traits
than you have Willpower Traits.

Health

Characters are considered to be at full health at the beginning of each story
unless the Storyteller states otherwise. Of course, characters can be hurt or even
destroyed during a story. All wraiths start each game with a Permanent Corpus rating
of 10, but this can be reduced through Harrowings.

Step Six: Spark of Death

There are other aspects of a character that should be detailed. These flourishes
are not necessarily important in terms of the game, but are vital with regard to
roleplaying. In many cases, these "sparks" are provided for you, or at least suggested
to you, by the Storyteller. Your character needs to be woven into the story, and these
"sparks" allow the Storyteller to do just that.

Other Aspects

© Background — You need to create a background for your character, describing his
life before dying and becoming a wraith: what he did, how he lived and what was unique
about him. This background may describe what your character did for a living, how he saw
himself and what others thought of him. Indeed, many wraiths find it difficult to abandon
their concepts of themselves as living beings, and cling to trappings of their former lives in
their perceptions of themselves and their dress. Their past remains with them forever.

Regardless of when you died, whether it was centuries ago during the Age of Reason or
last Thursday, you have spent 30 years or less as a "free" wraith. If you are over 30 years dead
as a wraith, you need a reason, such as being finally released from sheltered servitude,
Thralldom to one of the three major factions (which might give you a good reason for
having ties to that particular faction), or some other reason of which a Storyteller approves.

© Secrets — Each character has secrets of some sort, things that she doesn't want
others to discover. One secret that almost all wraiths possess is the location of their per
sonal haunts; who needs Reapers poking around while you're Slumbering? The Storyteller
is likely to give you a number of secrets that you need to protect over the course of the
chronicle.

* Motivations — What is your purpose? What motivates you on a day-to-day, night-
to-night basis? Describe your motivations in as much detail as possible; ask the Storyteller
for help if you can't think of anything. Unless you are an experienced player, it's likely that
the Storyteller will provide you with a motivation or two at the start of the chronicle.

© Appearance — Props and costumes will help others understand, or at least
recognize, your character at a glance. You need not only to act like your character,


Jook like him as well. Your character's appearance makes his Physical (and many
scial) Traits visible to other players.
A wraith's appearance is constructed from his perception of himself. This means
many Restless look similar, but not identical, to the ways they did when they
among the living. Wraiths often appear in clothing more appropriate to the
in which they died than the current one. Some wraiths' appearances have changed
ally from their living visages, whether through the effects of Moliate or merely
‘own self-perceptions. If your character is a wraith of this sort, you will need to
away to let others know that your character's appearance is different than yours.
> Many wraiths wear masks, either as badges of office or as fashion statements.
may wish to create a personalized mask for your character that indicates things
affiliation, rank, etc.
Equipment — Your character is likely to begin the game with equipment of
sort or another. Ask a Narrator for more details on your personal possessions,
in the Underworld as relics. Relics are the memories of items that have been
destroyed or damaged to the point that they can never be fixed. Through
icity or wraithly manipulation, some of these have crossed the Shroud to

lockets and the like should be all right regardless of circumstance; relic anti-
:weapons are usually not.
ns created in the Underworld and relics imbued with special abil
Artifacts. Artifacts are not considered normal equipment for characters no
what, as they must be purchased during character creation.
‘Quirks — By giving your character quirks (interesting personality characteristics),
da great deal of depth and interest to her. Write a few sentences on the back of your
‘sheet about the strange and interesting things that define your character. Examples
ks include a morbid sense of humor, an obsession for collecting lost relic single socks,
b of ‘grunting when answering yes toa fuertion. These little touches are a great way

etimes the Storyteller may want players to create characters who are not your

just-starting-out wraith. In such cases, additional Traits may be provided in many
categories, and limits on Negative Traits may be raised. Rules for
such "advanced" character creation are provided in Chapter Four.
Ask your Storyteller for more details.

Sample Character Creation

acqueline sits down and opens up Oblivion, wanting to create
a character. Her Storyteller, Roland, helps her out and guides


Step One: Inspiration

Jacqueline thinks fora few minutes, and, after tossing around a few ideas with Roland,
decides to play a workaholic doctor who spent too much time away from her loved ones
and drove herself into a stress-related heart attack. However, she doesn't want the char-
acter to be purely intellectual, so she decides that her character was an athlete in college
before she became too wrapped up in her work.

Pondering her wraith's background, Jacqueline decides that her character pulled
herself out of being the middle child in a lower-middle-class family to shine on her
own, She decided at a young age to surpass her two brothers and to escape from a
world where many of her peers were pregnant or doing drugs. She used her studies
and school athletics to avoid the harsh realities of her neighborhood, and graduated
at the top of her class with letters in two varsity sports. She went to one of the top
schools in the country on a sports scholarship for her undergraduate degree, and
worked odd hours in the nearby hospital in between studying while at medical school.
All of this helps to flesh out Jacqueline's wraith, even if it doesn't have any direct
bearing on how she "builds" her character's Traits. Besides, these details can always
serve as plot hooks for stories.

Moving on to the actual character-building process, Jacqueline decides to choose
Survivor as her character's Nature and Caregiver as her Demeanor, providing an
interesting contrast. The former reflects what she's really like, while the latter is
something she picked up professionally and has yet to shed even in death.

Next, Jacqueline thinks about what her character's early death would cause her
to regret. She thinks thar not taking time out to spend with her husband and their

<a

Poss

be an excellent Regret for her character. She has figured out her Life

doctor), her Death (dying of a stress-related heart attack at a young age)

jor Regret (working too hard and losing her loved ones). These things,

with the character history she's created, give her a good idea of who her

is, what sort of Abilities and other Traits she might have, and what direction
rest of the character-building process in.

y, Jacqueline has a firm grasp on who her character is. She names her

fer "Challen" because the name seems to fit, and moves on to assigning Traits.

Attributes

line is ready to figure out Challen's Traits. The first thing she needs to do
the categories. What Traits will best reflect the previous life of a doc-
d with her work? Also, Jacqueline remembers that Challen was an athlete

‘she was in college, but hadn't been active for years before her death.
‘decides to have Challen be more of an intellectual character, but one who was
fit and who carries that over into the Underworld. She chooses to make
‘Mental Traits primary (with seven Traits), her Physical Traits secondary (with
s), and, because Challen wasn't overly concerned with her social life when she

live, Jacqueline makes Social Traits tertiary (with only three Traits).

vying to put herself into an author's shoes, Jacqueline imagines how she would
Challen by using adjectives and the priorities she's set for her character's
Traits. Since Challen was highly educated, Jacqueline chooses her Mental
it this: Calm, Determined (she decides to take it twice to show her force of
Disciplined, Insightful, Knowledgeable and Rational. Since Physical Traits
fillen's secondary priority, Jacqueline chooses five that would reflect her former
training: Enduring, Resilient, Robust, Tenacious and Tireless. Finally, Jacqueline
ial Traits: Genial and Commanding (which she chooses twice, as Challen's
sional status forced her to learn how to make people move in crisis situations).

Advantages

queline now picks five Abilities that Challen would have had as a doctor.
Busly Challen's position as a doctor in a major urban hospital would mandate
Medicine at least three times. Jacqueline also decides that she'll take
ince Challen spent time puzzling out appropriate diagnoses for ailments
. She has one more Ability to take and after looking over the list, decides
puter would have been a good Ability for Challen to have had while she
ill alive. After all, most medical equipment is computerized these days.
now debates what Arcanoi she feels would be appropriate for Challen —
it she might have grasped quickly upon her entry into the Underworld.
line likes the fact that Moliate and Usury can be used to heal others so she
culpt (Moliate) and also Transfer and Charitable Trust (Usury).
queline now needs to decide what inspires Challen and what ties she has to
ands. In other words, she needs to choose Passions and Fetters. She decides
for her Passions: Protect and watch over my husband (Love); Help and heal
‘in need (Hope); Live my life again through my husband (Jealousy); and
in the Hierarchy (Ambition).


Based on the choices of her Passions, Jacqueline decides that Challen's husband
David would make a perfect Fetter, as would the office at the hospital where she
worked herself to death (so to speak). She has two more choices to make concerning
her Fetters and, for lack of anything better, decides to make them Challen's Saab 900
Turbo (now being driven by her husband) and her favorite cat, Guano.

Step Four: Shadow Creation

Jacqueline now has to design her Shadow and make sure that Roland, her Story-
teller, approves of her choices. For Challen's Shadow's Archetype, she decides on the
Abuser, a direct contradiction to Challen's wish to heal. After that, she marks down a
single Angst Trait (Permanent and Temporary), and moves on.

Looking back at what she chose for her Passions, Jacqueline decides to base
Challen's Dark Passions on the opposite of Protect and watch over my husband
(Love) to Hurt my husband (Hate). Instead of Help and heal others (Hope), she
makes her other Dark Passion, Lash out at everyone (Anger).

The only thing left before Challen's Shadow is complete is to choose two points
worth of Thorns. Jacqueline chooses a two-point Thorn, Shadow Call, in order to
keep herself on her toes when her Shadowguide decides to call for a few of its friends.

She shows her character's Shadow to Roland, and he approves of her choices,
saying that it would fit in nicely with his campaign. Now she has enough material for
the person Shadowguiding her character to develop a tangible dark side for Challen
to have to deal with while she is roleplaying.

Step Five: Last Touches

Jacqueline is ready to play Challen, but she needs to put a few more touches on
her before she's ready to roleplay.

She writes down on her character sheet that she has five Pathos Traits to start
the game. She also marks down her three Willpower Traits (since this will be
Jacqueline's first time playing Challen).


comes Status, and Jacqueline figures that Challen is a little too by-the-
‘a Renegade or Heretic. She would have naturally gravitated to the struc-
ganization of the Hierarchy. With that in mind, Jacqueline marks off her
Trait as Hierarchy.
ver, the idea of Challen as a faceless Hierarchy citizen doesn't appeal to
much, so Jacqueline wants to get some Status beyond the basic level. In
o that, she takes two Negative Traits and grabs an additional Hierarchy
in exchange. These Negative Traits will also help her flesh Challen out
ing her more human. She decides that Shy and Tactless might best repre-
doctor, since she hasn't spent too much time interacting with people
ealing them.
ile, she now has one additional level of Status in the eyes of the Hier-
means the higher-ups might not know who she is, but she probably has
the local Necropolis. She might even be given watch over a small Do-
a token from her Anacreon which shows her loyalty — it's up to the
decide how to incorporate her Status into the storyline.
g out the details, Jacqueline also makes a note that Challen has 10

‘These little quirks and nuances will take some getting used to, so she
to create.a few physical mannerisms that will help her roleplay Challen.
it Challen always rushes since she always had to think on her feet
in the hospital. As an outgrowth of this, she also talks rapidly and
Stop to see if anyone understands what she is saying. Likewise, she
briskly. All these little things will make Challen stand out in
7 minds, making her appear to be a realistic person whom they might
‘on a street or in a hospital.

point, Challen's ready for Jacqueline to slip on her skin and begin play-

Or not to wear a mask, what relics Challen might realistically have,
showtime....



Chapter four:
Characteristics

n Oblivion, you choose your character's Traits in order to make him

more realistic and believable, and to simulate within the context of

the rules what he is capable of. By allowing you to personalize what

!) your character knows and can do, the Trait system gives him the

breath of life (or in this case, the kiss of death). You need to decide

which Traits are applicable to the character concept you have come

up with, and discard the ones that aren't essential. You won't be

able to give your wraith all the Traits that you'll want him to have,
Priorities before you actually start picking is vital.

ts in Oblivion are given relatively broad definitions so that you can inter

fofit what you imagine your character might be. You might not be able to adjust

during gameplay (especially those with direct rules applications) but those

from day to day? It's usually best to play characters who were

relatively normal — rock stars or actors can create problems —

but in the end it comes down to what you want and what your
} Storyteller will permit. Among the possibilities are:


© Artist — There was one truly great work of art in you that would have amazed
the world (if you'd lived long enough to complete it).

Blank Slate — A real tabula rasa, your life is a mystery to you.

© Cop — Perhaps you were a beat cop who watched his beloved neighborhood
hit the skids. Or you could have been with the narcotics squad, a SWAT team or
even trapped behind a desk in a precinct house.

* Crook — Crime certainly did pay for you, at least for a while. Then again,
maybe you got caught.

© Dabbler — There wasn't enough time when you were alive for you to follow
all of your interests. So you did a little of this and a little of that, and never found a
true calling.

* Disestablishmentarian — You lived to subvert the system however you could,
Maybe you were a hacker, or perhaps you thought you were the new Robin Hood.

Drifter — Nothing held you down for long. Maybe a hobo, maybe an artist
looking for inspiration, maybe just a free spirit, you didn't stay still long enough to
put down roots.

* Politician — You went to Washington with a mandate for change, and got
changed instead. Perhaps you never even got elected, or were drummed out of office.

¢ Punk — Anarchy! If it stood up, you knocked it down; you saw the way it was
looking at you!

Slacker — You never did much of anything in your breathing days.

¢ True Believer — Your faith sustained you in life, but this isn't the heaven you
were promised.

© Victim — You just let life happen to you, always reacting instead of acting.

© Workaholic — 80-hour work weeks and 2 A.M. planning meetings swal-
lowed your life; now you're wondering what you missed.

How Did You Die?

‘The way in which you died determines a lot about your perspective: across the
Shroud. After all, 2 weaich who slipped away peacefully and one who Kae his owtl
murder to avenge are likely to have very different viewpoints on dealings with the
living. Here are a few possibilities:

© Accident — Maybe the driver's side air bag on your new car didn't inflate, or
the power wasn't shut off before you tried to rewire your apartment. At the funeral
everyone said that it was just one of those things, and wasn't it a shame...

© Illness — Maybe it was sudden, or it could have been a slow spiral down to
death. Perhaps you were given cancer by that chemical plant on the outskirts of
aid ox pomre codemncell ob qcvelaibeok enede new biological wartseiagent Oo
ae

© Mystery — You don't know what happened to you, and you have a sneaking
éuspiciofl you're bettecioff thav way.

* Old Age — You lived a long, full life and went gently. Then again, maybe you
kicked and screamed for just one more minute.

* Overdose — You went looking for oblivion in the form of drugs or alcohol.
AThiey teBkegou a loecloser.tss Oblicion thitripn thougie posite


ething Strange... — You were a one-in-a-million victim. Perhaps you
by lighting, or had a rare allergic reaction to your cold medication.
you never saw it coming.
uicide — Everyone said that you were just trying to get attention, but what
eally trying to find was help. It's too late now, though.
fiolence — From the battlefield to the home, violence claims victims every-
haps you were a soldier, or were killed during a mugging. Someone might
had you killed.

» You stl Here?

Biiret eicas op why you became'a wraith; instead of quletly moving on to
of existence. What is it that you never said or did that means so much
that you've moved on? Here are a few id
— You died knowing that you'd d at something you'd set your
yybe it was a lack of confidence, or perhaps just a lack of talent, but you
enough then. Now, though, it's a different story.
gilt — Your sins were too great, and they won't let you rest
B— You wanted to leave something behind you, and now you feel
P protect it from the other side. Perhaps it's your children, perhaps it's the
pu founded, but you will see your legacy live on.
= Maybe you never told the one you loved how you felt, and you need
his from beyond the grave. Or, perhaps there are those left alive whom you
ore than life — or death.

ed Chances — All the trips you postponed, the lovers you never took,
unities you passed up; you want a second chance at them.
on Possible — You had a mission in life — maybe an environmental
ora mandate to take back your government — and you're not going to let a
ng like death stop you now.
— Someone made your life a living hell, or even ended it. Now it's
ne, and you've got all eternity.

hed Business — You never got a chance to take back those last harsh
before your death, and now it's too late to heal the wounds. Or is it?
led Destiny — You were meant for great things which you never

ed while you were alive.

and Demeanor

umans instinctively roleplay. Each moment of our lives is spent play-
inga role of some type or another. We are made up of many layers of

Hil personalities, some of which we create for the benefit of our peers.
} Archetypes are a way of defining personalities. They describe
BABE) the roles that are a collective characteristic of our identities, the
BYE, personality typesall people somehow share. The psychologist Carl
SS) Jung invented the idea of archetypes as a way of describing any
I resides in the collective unconscious of humanity. He believed that such


complex symbols couldn't be rigidly categorized, but he did give names to some of the
archetypes. Nonetheless, in order to incorporate the concept of archetypes into our sys-
tem, a modified version of this idea is used to describe personalities (instead of concepts),
Remember to take the following guidelines with a grain of salt.

Characters do not, in fact, fit into neat and tidy categories. Archetypes are the
molds for an infinite number of different personalities, and should not be seen as
absolute standards. An archetype is a basic pattern, a template, and each individual
varies from that original in many ways. These archetypes are examples of the variety
of human personalities, and are intended to guide, not to restrict.

The key to the use of archetypes is the interaction between the character's Nature
and Demeanor. Nature is the inner personality, what the character doesn't usually reveal
to others. Most dare not reveal their true, inner selves, and therefore create a Demeanor
—a false front — behind which the true self can be hidden. Demeanor may be as consis-
tent as the character's eye color, or may change from minute to minute. Extraordinarily
‘open, honest or simple-minded individuals have the same Demeanor and Nature, but
there is no rule saying that Nature and Demeanor should — or can't — be the same.

Archetypes have a practical impact on the game, for characters can be manipu-
lated according to their personalities. The personality of a character can both pro-
tect the player and make him vulnerable. Archetypes must be chosen with care.

The following is an in-depth account of the Natures and Demeanors available
for Oblivion. Choose one from the list that best describes your character's Nature, or
inner self, and one from the list that best describes the front that you wish to present
to the world. This will help you in creating a believable and sincere character from
the statistical skeleton of your character sheet, the spark that will breathe life into
your creation and make her a real and active part of the story.

Nature also works like a Negative Trait. If you know someone's Nature, you may use
it as a Negative Trait in any type of challenge. The Nature should have something to do
with the challenge, so you could bid a Martyr Nature when trying to talk someone into
going into a building covered with barrow-flame to rescue a trapped wraith. However,
you could not use a Child Nature against someone when trying to look at his aura.

Architect

You believe in creating something of lasting value. You seek to leave a legacy of
some kind for those who will come after you. You are the type of person who would
have built a town, created a company, or founded an institution.

Avant-Garde

You are only interested in what is new or on the cutting edge. You must be the
first to discover or create something that people have never seen before. The thrill of
experimentation is a major lure to the Avant-Garde, and you aren't afraid to take a
few risks if they're necessary.

Bon Vivant

You escape the dread of the Void by deadening your senses with pleasure. Your
hedonism might or might not be immoral in the eyes of some, but either way, yout
pursuit of new pleasures is your main concern.

Bravo

You reinforce your own self-worth by pumping yourself up and denigrating others. Feat
equals respect in your mind, and you will take every opportunity to make others "respect" you:


ivenjoy the solace and comfort that the System provides for you. You under-
st chaos might come at any moment. However, if the proper procedures are

[are at times naive and have an air of innocence about you, but at the same
know that you can get what you want if you pout and grump enough.

1 try to get ahead of in the world by taking advantage of others. As far as
ed, the rest of the population consists of suckers for you to exploit,
to circumvent and rivals to be avoided.

purpose in death by revealing weakness and faults in others, whether
i, an organization or in a person's habits. You strive to perfect others by
yout their flaws so that those flaws might be corrected. Of course, some wraiths

excitement of finding new people, places and things fills your existence

st excitement imaginable. It's not what you find that's important, it's
itself that matters and consequences be damned.

ders are called leaders for a reason. They know what's best, and the best way
@ is to obey their orders. You don't believe in stepping out of line by being

do things, not for the outcome, but for the thrill that the action provides.
you win or lose isn't necessarily important; you thrive on the high that
risking yourself time and time again.

's got to look on the bright side of death, and that someone's you. Just
t're dead doesn't mean that you can't lighten the mood a bit — you al-
ond of gallows humor.

what's best for everyone, and anyone who disagrees with you is mis-
est. Getting others to follow you isn't a matter of if, it's a matter of when.

always willing to sacrifice yourself for the betterment of everyone else.
that someone else is happy makes any misery you put yourself through
. You don't want any rewards other than recognition for your sacrifices,
ument to keep you from being forgotten once you've sacrificed yourself
time might be nice...


Mediator

There's always a middle ground that can be reached, and you specialize in help-
ing people find it. You abhor conflict, and will do whatever it takes to ensure com.
promise and a peaceful solution.

Rebel

The System needs to come down, and you're just the one to start it tumbling,
There's always something you're reacting against, though you don't necessarily have
a better solution in mind. You just know that things can't stay the way they are.

Scientist

So many of the Underworld's problems are caused by people not thinking things
through. You'll analyze every bit of data that comes your way before acting, formu:
late a logical plan, weigh the consequences, and go. Of course, sometimes this results
in your getting sidetracked, but accuracy is more important than speed.

Survivor

You will never say never, even during the final descent to the Void. No matter
what Fate throws at you, you'll fight to the bitter end for just one more minute of
existence. Sometimes this means sacrificing things — or people — but hey, a wraith's
got to do what a wraith's got to do.

Traditionalist

What worked for your Reaper and your Reaper's Reaper works for you. There are
tried and true ways of dealing with things, and you follow them because they work. Why.
take a chance on something new when the old standbys are still standing by?

Visionary

You have a goal that drives your very existence, something more and
unimaginably greater than just existence. This is the thing that drives you, and you
won't rest until it's achieved. Let others worry about the day-to-days; you've got
much bigger fish to fry.

hen a writer doesn't have the time or need to demonstrate what a
character is like, descriptive words are used. These words must be
carefully selected so that they reveal all the important features of
the character's persona. These words are the adjectives: "Violetta
was a graceful, attractive woman — beguiling to look upon, but cal~

§) lous and tactless when engaged in conversation." In Oblivion we
use these adjectives in much the same way. Indeed, they are the
basis of the game system. We call them Traits.

Traits have two primary purposes. The first purpose is to enable you to describe
your character concretely and thereby empower your roleplaying. The second is t0
enable you to interact with other characters by means of the mechanics of the game
system. The mechanics of Oblivion revolve around the Trait system. Challenges
between characters are resolved using them.

The premise of this system is that a character who is described by a specific Trait tends
to be pretty good at things that involve that Trait, and is certainly better at those things


than someone who isn't. Likewise, a marathon runner needs to be Tireless in
sh a race without being winded, and a child who is Persuasive has a good chance
his mom that he didn't break the vase thar's been shattered on the floor.
in theory, a player can choose any adjective and take it as a Trait. However, for a
‘of reasons, this is not suggested for any but the most expert players. Many adje
unimportant, extraneous and/or impractical; there is no need for an Obstreper-
frait, as all it does is duplicate the effect of several others already in place.
llowing any adjective would play havoc with the mechanics of the game. Plat
@ have to carry around pocket dictionaries and flip pages every time some En-
Pmajor bid the Trait Vigesimal. If there are a set number of standard adjectives
Sas the Trait pool, everyone can be expected to know the meaning of every
and can know when each is applicable. For these reasons, Oblivion has a
tandard Traits from which to choose.
ou decide to add more Traits to the list, here are some guidelines: keep the
‘of new Traits low, make sure all players understand them, and make sure
't duplicate existing Traits.

es and Bidding Traits
ative players can think of ways to use nearly any Trait in nearly any challenge.
ithis is praiseworthy, people can sometime go too far. To avoid this, the general
im bidding Traits is very strict: You can only bid Traits from the category that best
he nature of the challenge bidding is done using one of the three basic catego-
I, Mental or Social), Even then, however, not all Physical (or Mental, or
JAraits are appropriate to all Physical (or Mental, or Social) Challenges.

Beginning players might think they can use all their Physical Traits in combat.
i t. If your character is trying to kick someone, Resilient is not an appro-
fait to bid as part of the attack. Likewise, if your character is trying to figure
fsomeone is a Spectre, Creative might not be an appropriate Trait.

Brsuch an "inappropriate" Trait to be allowed, both parties must agree. When an

ent bids a Trait that you feel is extremely inappropriate, politely tell him that

fot going to allow its use. If he is insistent, reevaluate your grievance. If you still

gee, appeal to any witness of the contest. Then, if there is still deadlock and no

llling to compromise, seek out a Narrator to make a ruling. Appeals to a Narrator,
Should occur very, very rarely. Learn to handle confrontations on your own,
and without interplayer conflict. Oblivion is a social game, and quick resolutions
game matters makes the game more entertaining for everyone

KISS


Physical Traits

Athletic: You have conditioned your body to respond well in full-body move-
ments, especially in competitive events.

Uses: Sports, duels, running, acrobatics, and grappling.

Brawny: Bulky muscular strength.

Uses: Punching, kicking or grappling in combat when your goal is to inflict
damage. Power lifting. Alll feats of strength.

Brutal: You are capable of taking nearly any action in order to survive.

Uses: Fighting an obviously superior enemy.

Dexterous: General adroitness and skill involving the use of one's hands.

Uses: Weapon-oriented combat (Melee or Firearms). Pickpocketing. Punching,

Enduring: A persistent sturdiness against physical opposition.

Uses: When your survival is at stake, this is a good Trait to risk as a second, or
successive, bid.

Energetic: A powerful force of spirit. A strong internal drive propels you, and,
in physical situations, you can draw on a deep reservoir of enthusiasm and zeal.

Uses: Combat.

Ferocious: Possession of brutal intensity and extreme physical determination.

Uses: Any time that you intend to do serious harm. When in Catharsis.

Graceful: Control and balance in the motion and use of the entire body.

Uses: Combat defense. Whenever you might lose your balance (stepping on a
plasm puddle, fighting on four-inch-thick rafters).

Lithe: Characterized by flexibility and suppleness.

Uses: Acrobatics, gymnastics, dodging, dancing and Moliate.

Nimble: Light and skillful; able to make agile movements.

Uses: Dodging, jumping, rolling, acrobatics. Hand-to-hand combat.

Quick: Speedy, with fast reaction time.

Uses: Defending against a surprise attack. Running, dodging, attacking.

Resilient: Characterized by strength of health; able to recover quickly from
bodily harm.

Uses: Resisting adverse environments. Defending against damage in an attack.

Robust: Resistant to physical harm and damage.

Uses: Defending against damage in an attack. Endurance-related actions that
could take place over a period of time:

Rugged: Hardy, rough and brutally healthy. Able to shrug off wounds and pain
to continue struggling.

Uses: When resisting damage, any challenge that you enter while injured.

Stalwart: Physically strong and uncompromising against opposition.

Uses: Resisting damage, or when standing your ground against overwhelming
odds or a superior foe.

Steady: More than simply physically dependable: controlled, unfaltering and
balanced. You have firm mastery over your efforts.

Uses: Weapon attacks. Fighting in exotic locations. Piloting oil tankers.


¢ Physically determined through force of will. You often prolong physi-
fontations, even when it might not be wise to do so.
es: Second or subsequent Physical Challenge.
less: You have a runner's stamina — you are less taxed by physical efforts
people.
s: Any endurance-related challenge, second or subsequent Physical Chal-
the same foe or foes.
A harsh, aggressive attitude and a reluctance ever to submit.
: Whenever you're wounded or winded.
ous: A combination of energy, power, intensity and resistance to harm.
Combat and athletic challenges when you're on the defensive.
py: Tight, streamlined, muscular strength.
¢ Punching, kicking or grappling in combat. Acrobatic movements. Endur-

cal Traits
a Lacking physical coordination, balance and grace. You are prone to
dropping objects.
In threatening situations, saving your own neck is all that is impor-
ght even flee when you have the upper hand, just out of habit.
pit: You move and act as if you are old and infirm. You recover from
ge slowly, are unable to apply full muscular strength, and tire easily.
Frail and weak in structure, you are easily damaged by physical harm.
The opposite of the Ferocious and Tenacious Traits; you lack physical
‘and tend to submit rather than fight long battles.
by: Your muscles are underdeveloped. You cannot apply your strength well

# You are disabled in one or more limbs. The handicap can be as obvious
ig leg or as subtle as a dysfunctional arm.
gic: Slow and drowsy. You suffer from a serious lack of energy or motiva-

‘You are weak and inferior in strength. This could mean diminutive size.
Weak and feeble. Your body responds to physical stress as if it were in
Of a debilitating illness.

An attractive and appealing presence that inspires desire in others.
‘Seduction. Convincing others.
The skill of deception and illusion. You can twist the perceptions of
lead them to believe what suits you.
é Tricking others. Lying under duress.
atismatic: The talent of inspiration and motivation, the sign of a strong


Uses: In a situation involving leadership or the achievement of leadership,

Charming: Your speech and actions make you appear attractive and appeali
to others.

Uses: Convincing. Persuading. Keening and Intimation.

Commanding: Impressive delivery of orders and suggestions. This implies
in the control and direction of others.

Uses: When you are seen as a leader. Direct confrontations.

Compassionate: Deep feelings of care or pity for others.

Uses: Defending the weak or downtrodden. Defeating major obstacles whi]
pursuing an altruistic end.

Dignified: Something about your posture and body carriage appears honoral
and aesthetically pleasing. You carry yourself well.

Uses: Leadership situations. Might be important in the Hierarchy for advance
ment.

Diplomatic: Tactful, careful and thoughtful in speech and deed. Few are dis:
pleased with what you say or do. q

Uses: Very important in intrigue. Leadership situations.

Elegant: Refined tastefulness. Even though you don't need money to be el
egant, you exude an air of richness and high society.

Uses: High society. Might be important in the Hierarchy and certain Guilds
advancement.

Eloquent: The ability to speak in an interesting and convincing manner.

Uses: Convincing others. Swaying emotions. Public speaking. Keening.

Empathetic: Able to identify and understand the emotions and moods of people
with whom you come in contact.

Uses: Gauging the feelings of others. Castigate.

Expressive: Able to articulate thoughts in interesting, significant, meaningful
ways.

Uses: Producing art, acting, performing. Any social situation in which you want
someone to understand your meaning.

Friendly: Able to fit in with everyone you meet. Even after a short conversa
tion, most find it difficult to dislike you.

Uses: Convincing others.

Genial: Cordial, kindly, warm and pleasant. You are pleasing to be around.

Uses: Mingling at parties. Generally used in a second or later Social Challenge
with someone.

Gorgeous: Beautiful or handsome. You were born with a face and body that is
good-looking to most people you meet.

Uses: Modeling, posing. Moliate.

Ingratiating: Able to gain the favor of people who know you.

Uses: Dealing with elders in a social situation.

Intimidating: A frightening or awesome presence that causes others to feel timid:
This Trait is particularly useful when attempting to cow opponents.

Uses: Keening. Inspiring common fear. Ordering others.


Intimation and Mnemosynis.

s Able to propose believable, convincing and correct arguments and
when someone else is undecided on an issue.

‘or convincing others.

‘Able to entice and tempt. You can use your good looks and your
you want from others.

and seduction.

humorous. Jokes and jests come easily to you, and you are per-
person when you want to be.

ties. Entertaining someone. Goading or insulting someone.

Corpus looks decidedly inhuman (or subhuman). Perhaps you're
glowing orange eyes, or maybe your teeth are just a little too long.

¢ You are unfeeling, uncaring and insensitive to the suffering of others.

possible to

with whom you speak usually find you boring and uninteresting.
you is a chore. You do not present yourself well to others.
lack the

of worldliness, sophistication or maturity that most
You are annoying or unappealing in speech, action ot appearance,
Your appearance disgusts everyone around you, Needless to say,
le first impression with strangers.
timid, bashful, reserved and socially hesitant.

You are unable to do or say things that others find appropriate to the

orthy: You are rumored or perceived to be untrustworthy and unreli-

prepared for danger and able to react quickly when it occurs.
ting surprise attacks. Defending against Arcanoi like Keening.

# You pay attention to everyday occurrences around you. When some-
happens, you are usually ready for it.

ting surprise attacks. Seeing through Tempest Shroud when you

to withstand an extraordinary level of disturbance without becom-
upset. A wellspring of self-control.

g Catharsis or Shadow commands that provoke violence. When-
attack might upset you. Primarily for defense.


Quick-witted resourcefulness. You think well on your feet.

Uses: Using a Mental Arcanos against another.

Creative: Your ideas are original and imaginative. This implies an ability to
produce unusual solutions to your difficulties. You can create artistic pieces. A re.
quirement for any true artist.

Uses: Defending against aura readings. Creating anything.

Cunning: Crafty and sly, possessing a great deal of ingenuity.

Uses: Tricking others.

Dedicated: You give yourself over totally to your beliefs. When one of your
causes is at stake, you stop at nothing to succeed.

Uses: Useful in any Mental Challenge when your beliefs are at stake.

Determined: When it comes to mental endeavors, you are fully committed,
Nothing can divert your intentions to succeed once you have made up your mind.

Uses: Facedowns. Useful in a normal Mental Challenge.

Discerning: Discriminating, able to pick out details, subtleties and idiosyncra-
sies. You have clarity of vision.

Uses: Lifeweb and Fatalism-related challenges.

Disciplined: Your mind is structured and controlled. This rigidity gives you an
edge in battles of will.

Uses: Facedowns. Useful in a Mental Arcanos contest.

Insightful: The power of looking ata situation and gaining an understanding of
it.

Uses: Investigation (but not defense against it). Reading auras. Using Height-
ened Senses. Seeing through Enshroud when you expect it.

Intuitive: Knowledge and understanding somehow come to you without con-
scious reasoning, as if by instinct.

Uses: Reading auras. Seeing through Enshroud.

Knowledgeable: You know copious and detailed information about a wide vari-
ety of topics. This represents "book learning."

Uses: Remembering information your character might know.

Observant: Depth of vision, the power to look at something and notice the
important aspects of it.

Uses: Heightened Senses. Picking up on subtitles that others might overlook.

Patient: Tolerant, persevering and steadfast. You can wait out extended delays
with composure.

Uses: Facedowns or other mental battles after another Trait has been bid.

Rational: You believe in logic, reason, sanity and sobriety. Your ability to re
duce concepts to a mathematical level helps you analyze the world.

Uses: Defending against emotion-oriented mental attacks. Not used as an ini-
tial bid.

Reflective: Meditative self-recollection and deep thought. The Trait of the se
rious thinker, Reflective enables you to consider all aspects of a conundrum.

Uses: Meditation. Remembering information. Defending against most Mental
attacks.


Astute and artful, able to keep your wits about you and accomplish
ts with efficiency and finesse.
: Defending against Mental Arcanoi. Plotting tactics or playing politics.
it: Alertly watchful. You have the disposition of a guard dog; your eye

Defending against investigation. Seeing through Enshroud. More appro-
mental defense than for attack.

"Tricking others. Lying under duress. Confusing mental situations.
# An overall understanding of the workings of the world.
iving advice. Dispensing snippets of Zen.

fal Traits
tful: You have trouble remembering even important things.
ss Easily deceived, duped or fooled.
Uneducated or misinformed, never seeming to know anything.
it: Restless, anxious and generally intolerant of delays. You want ev-
‘go your way... immediately.
ious: Unaware and unmindful. You'd be lucky if you noticed an airplane
th your living room.
table: Because you lack originality or intelligence, even strangers can
out what you intend to do next. Not a very good Trait for chess players.
ited: Lacking foresight. You rarely look beyond the superficial; details
are usually lost on you.
five: No backbone; you relent and surrender at any cost rather than
yourself.
nt: An extreme lack of self-control. You fly into rages at the slightest provo-
id your temper is always close to the surface. This is a Mental Trait because
mental instability.
Lacking the ability to process information quickly. Foolish and slow to

are the skills, talents and knowledges of the characters in a live-action

environment. Obviously, some do not translate well or do not apply to

‘Others have been incorporated into the Attributes of a character and can
by executing challenges.

es allow the character to engage in, if not excel in, a type of challenge in

€ could not otherwise participate. Additionally, if a character is defeated in

While any Traits risked are still lost, it is possible to still win the chal-

Ability lost in this manner is recovered at the beginning of the next ses-

fa character loses all her levels in an Ability in this manner, she may not use
lity until the levels are recovered.


Abilities can be chosen multiple times to represent a high degree of expertise in
that skill or familiarity with a wide variety of specialties. This comes into play with
skills like Performance, Science and Linguistics.

The use of Abilities is often accompanied by a challenge of one sort or another,
Some of these will be performed with a Storyteller who will not only assign the
relative difficulty of the challenge (measured by a number of Traits), but will actually
perform the test with you. As a rule, no Traits or one Trait are risked for trivial uses
(such as hammering out an obolus); two to four are at stake in novel, unusual of
challenging projects (soulforging an ornate and potent mask for an Anacreon); and

_five or more are risked by attempting taxing, groundbreaking or unlikely attempts
(such as attempting to recreate Charon's sickle). Pertinent details concerning diffi-
culty and the factors that influence it are included with each Ability.

Other Abilities, such as Subterfuge or Melee, can be used directly against an-
other player and rarely need the assistance of a Storyteller to use.

Awareness

With Awareness, you can notice when things are not as they should be. This is
useful in detecting evidence of Arcanoi or Spectres, seeing if other supernatural be-
ings have been about, and sensing when something contrary to the laws of nature is
about to happen. Awareness requires a Mental Challenge to see if you are able to
detect the strange and out-of-the-ordinary.

Brawl

Brawl is the gentle art of hitting something and watching it fall down. It serves
asa catchall term for any form of unarmed combat, from martial arts to two drunks
blindly wrestling on a pool table. This Ability covers everything from haymakers to
eye-gouging to spinning side-kicks, pretty much any combat maneuver that doesn't
require a weapon. Brawls are generally less lethal than armed combat, but this Abil-
ity can be quite dangerous.

Bureaucracy

Bureaucracy, a.k.a. the System, is theoretically an organization for getting things
done more efficiently. With the proper knowledge of how that System functions and
how to utilize it to achieve your ends, you can get permission to do what you want
and prevent others from getting theirs. Bureaucracy is also a measure of your organi-
zational skills and knack for getting things done, and of your efficiency at manipulat-
ing the System in both the Underworld and the Skinlands. Bureaucracy often re-
quires a Mental or Social Challenge, depending upon the type of roleplaying the
character performs or what a Narrator deems fit. The challenge's difficulty depends
‘on such factors as security, accessibility of the information, and the cooperativeness
of the target.

Computer

This is a general measurement of a wraith's aptitude with computers and all
things related to them. It takes into account the skills necessary both to program
new software (or create new hardware) and the mental dexterity required to use
existing equipment and programs. There's more to this Ability than just hacking
into mainframes. In a world where the operation of basic word processing software is
still a mystery to many adults, even a modicum of knowledge of how to use a com-
puter can be a very powerful thing.


with Computer Ability find the electronic superhighway an easy way
Skinlands. Maneuvering through systems, gathering (or deleting) data,
messages to the living and manipulating computers for their own pur-

gh the higher levels of Inhabit are ways in which this Ability is useful to

. A Mental Challenge is required to accomplish these and other similar
iculty is a function of system security and accessibility, equipment, time
‘of information as assigned by a Storyteller. Failure can lead to investiga-
bly hunters and supernatural agencies that also operate in the computer

is assumed that all modern characters have a base familiarity with Drive,

to handle an automobile with reasonable ease in normal situations.

rive allows you to perform tricky maneuvers, drive at high speeds and en-

‘chases. On the other hand, just because you are familiar with one type of

doesn't mean that you can handle another; there's a world of difference
sub-compact and a troop carrier.

wraiths can be considered to have base familiarity with wagons or horse-

in the same way modern characters are familiar with cars. These actions

a Physical or Mental Challenge. Factors influencing difficulty could

ehicle type, road (or Tempest) conditions and the sort of stunt desired.

the Drive Ability can allow a character to move from one game scene

er quickly. A Storyteller can reduce any "out-of-game" travel time usually

d for moving from scene to scene if the character has this Ability and access

vehicle.

e Enigmas Ability concerns your ability at solving mysteries and puzzles. In
is a measurement of your problem-solving skills and how well you com-
Vital details into a coherent solution. Enigmas comes in handy when soly-
answering riddles and the like. This Ability is used with Mental Chal-
order to see if you figure out the problem before you.

is Ability covers both how well you can shoot and your skill at maintaining
ring firearms. Artillery pieces, mortars and so on are not covered by this
nor are archaic weapons such as bows or slings. The most common use of this
in combat, but a Storyteller can also allow you to attempt a Mental Chal-
perform other functions. You not only understand how to operate firearms,
‘ean also care for them, repair them and possibly make minor alterations. A
without this Ability may still use a firearm, but cannot benefit from any
Ability-based advantages like retests. Those with the Firearm Ability may also
@ to use Mental Traits instead of Physical Traits during a challenge in which a

vestigation
AYestigation allows you to call upon basic knowledge of criminology to locate
and perform forensic analysis. With sufficient expertise, you can conduct a


tell ifa person is carrying a concealed weapon or the like. When dealing with p
you may also request a Mental Challenge with a Storyteller to see if any clues

your ends, confounding your enemies and helping your friends. The difficulty of,
Mental Challenge necessary to accomplish these tasks depends on factors like p
dents, the severity of the crime, the interference of outside factors and the punish
ment called for.

Leadership

Leadership is more than barking orders. It measures how well you can get othe
to obey your decisions, whether they be issued as memos, orders or polite requests. It
also covers how willingly people accede to your wishes, as reluctant followers an
worth far less than willing ones. You may use this Ability to cause others to perform,
reasonable tasks for you. These requests may not endanger the subject or violate the:
subject's Nature or Demeanor. Leadership works with a Social Challenge.

Linguistics

More a record of how many languages you speak than how well you understand.
the theory of languages, Linguistics measures how many languages you are fluent in
besides your native tongue. Linguistics also allows for identifying accents, reading
lips, picking up slang and a certain amount of linguistic mimicry. This Ability allows.
you and anyone who also knows the language to speak privately. Furthermore, you
can translate written text in one of the languages you know. This may or may not
require a Mental Challenge, depending upon the clarity of the text.

Medicine

This Ability details how well you know the workings of the mortal body and
how to repair it in case of injury. Of course, that also implies a knowledge of what is.
harmful to the human form as well.

While Medicine might seem to be a useless Ability to the Restless Dead, there)
are multiple uses for it, both benign and malicious. Understanding of this field, com
bined with Deathsight, can help determine what steps need to be taken to protect @
living Fetter, while an appreciation of physiology could combine with Outrage (07
produce some devastating results. Also, you can help (say, by giving knowledge (0)
someone) a living creature to recover a single Health Level per night with rest and @
Mental Challenge.

Meditation

Inan existence in which the voice of your Shadow is a constant threat, Medita-
tion, the ability to focus and center one's thoughts, can be an essential skill. To
meditate, one does not necessarily need to be in the lotus position. This is a very
personal Ability, and one for which you develop your own technique.


ican be used to catch up on lost Slumber. A wraith makes a series of
"against a Narrator, with each win counting as one hour of effective

ou tie or lose, you are not able to gain any more hours of Slumber this
dc mn, you may test again to see if you are able to gain more Slumber
. Each level of Meditation allows one "tie" to count as a win

Be escior|miears thar you can tie-twice and ic will sll count 23

sis the broad term forall sorts of combat that involve hand-to-hand weap-
inition of a hand-to-hand weapon is a loose one, as it includes knives,
‘bottles, chains, saps and just about anything else that can be used to
nanother wraith. With the Melee Ability comes knowledge of proper
rehosen weapon as well. A character without this Ability may not use
intages of Abilities in armed combat, including retests.

\
are many supernatural secrets in the World of Darkness, and with the
some of them are yours. Occult implies a general knowledge of things
curses and fortune-telling, as well as information more specific to
beings that inhabit the world. Most uses of the Occult Ability in-
Challenges. The difficulty of this challenge can be subject to many
irity, amount of existing data and the character's individual scope

ig (wraiths know more about their own Arcanoi, etc.).

‘covers the entire gamut of live artistic expression. Singing, acting,
musical instruments and similar skills are all covered under this

A to actual performing ability, this Ability also measures how well
ciety surrounding your particular art form and how you fit in. Ad-
Performance usually mean some form of specialization. The genius

ativity or the power with which you convey it is determined by a Social
A particularly sensitive type can even become entranced by the use of
Keening, the wraith or other supernatural must be first be defeated

enge. Your specialty should be declared when the Ability is taken.

fy covers the theory and practice of politics. With points in the Trait,

ite out who's on top on the local system and how they got there. Politics

© human and Restless political structures, and can be essential in dealing

living and dead authorities. Most uses ofthe Politics Ability require enter-

¢ial Challenge, although if the Narrator deems it appropriate, a Mental
ght also be correct depending upon the situation.

fing anything mechanical, electronic or solid state that is broken comes
4 bric of the Repair Ability. This Ability covers everything from advanced
§ to shoring up a sagging beam — assuming, of course, that you have the
Isto do so. Among the Restless, this Ability allows you to find your way

ems that you Gremlinize, or understand where the best place might be to

with Outrage. Using this Ability usually calls for a Mental Chal-

95

Me,

7)


lenge, the difficulty of which depends on such factors as the item's complexity,

boson and a quark and being able to whip up a Molotoy cocktail from chemicals.
for scrubbing bathrooms. Lower levels of Science indicate a general familiarity
modern science; higher ones usually involve some sort of field specialization.

While the science of the living doesn't always apply to the Underworld,
ing how things work in the Skinlands can help a wraith to manipulate them f
across the Shroud. A Mental Challenge is necessary for all but the most trivial use
of this skill. The difficulty depends upon resources (equipment, data, etc.) availab
complexity of the task and time.

Scrounge

Scrounge allows the character to produce items through connections, wits and in
genuity. Many individuals who lack the wealth to purchase the things they desire or neg
develop this Ability. Materials acquired with Scrounge aren't always brand new, are ra
exactly right, and often require some time to acquire, but this Ability can sometir
work where high finance and outright theft fail. A Mental or Social Challenge is nec
sary to use Scrounge. Some factors that influence the difficulty of the challenge includ
rarity and value of the item, and local supply and demand of the relics being sought a

Security

You have a degree of experience and knowledge of the variety of ways people defend
and protect things. Not only can you counter existing security, such as locks, alarms
guards, but you can also determine the best way to secure items and areas. Other
include breaking and entering, infiltration, safecracking and hot-wiring. Almost all ap
plications of the Security Ability require a Mental Challenge with the difficulty de
mined by the complexity of the task, the thoroughness of the defenses, your equipment
and the length of time required to crack whatever you're going after. |

Soulforging

You know the secrets of forging souls into inanimate objects. This Ability is very
powerful, and requires a great deal of preparation and equipment before it can be br
into play. Soulforging requires the following: a chained Thrall, a forge, at least 10 point
worth of soulfire, an hour and a Narrator. Soulforging also requires Extended Physical
and Mental Challenges to tum another wraith into the desired inanimate object.

Streetwise

With this Ability, you have a feel for the street. You know how to uncover its
secrets, how to survive out there and how to utilize the network of personalities
houses. You can get information on events on the street, deal with Renegade gangs"
and the homeless and survive (if somewhat squalidly). Some uses of Streetwise te
quire a Social Challenge that is influenced by such things as composition of the local
street community and the current environment of the street.

Subterfuge

Subterfuge is an art of deception and intrigue that relies on a social backdrop '© q
work. When participating in a social setting or conversation with a subject, you Ca"
attempt to draw information out of him through trickery and careful probing.


‘such as one's name, nationality, Negative Traits, friends and enemies
| by a successful use of Subterfuge. The first requirement for using this
vis that you get the target to engage in a conversation on a topic related

you're seeking. If you can accomplish this, then you may state your

initiate a Social Challenge. If you win, your target must forfeit the

uses of Subterfuge require repeatedly drawing your target into

ss. Furthermore, Subterfuge may not reveal more than one Nega-
and it may be used to defend from others with Subterfuge.

the Subterfuge Ability may also be used to conceal information or

. This may not be used to counter the effects of Arcanoi such as

, fatal vision, sensible

er of the mind
‘Shakespeare, Macbeth
ns a door to things unknowable by the living. There are arcane pow-
le to the Restless, known as Arcanoi (singular, Arcanos). Arcanoi
that can be either learned at the foot of another or acquired through
=. They are ways of using a wraith's spiritual being to alter other aspects of

or in some cases the Skinlands. In many ways, an Arcanos is as

ssophy as a craft, made of equal parts viewpoint and skill. Most wraiths

f aptitude for one or two Arcanoi immediately upon their rebirth, and
nthe first few powers, or arts, of those Arcanoi.

g oneself in the practice of an Arcanos can mark a wraith with traces
These marks make her recognizable as one who is well-versed in a
skill, and cannot be removed by cosmetic alteration. The details vary

Nos to Arcanos.

¥e use of an Arcanos will mark a wraith permanently, whether or not she
‘of the Guild associated with that particular Arcanos. A wraith diving
with Argos on a regular basis will acquire jet-black eyes, even if she
an "official" Harbinger. It is the Arcanos itself (or the environment
th its use) that creates the markings, not any sort of Guild association.
there are many wraiths who have learned more than one Arcanos to
nt that they start developing more than one set of distinctive marks.
uncommon in a Stygia where average citizens are encouraged to
le Arcanoi. Usually, the multi-talented wraith will manifest the distinc-
of all the Arcanoi she uses, unless there is some conflict between the
‘marks (i.e., Argos and Intimation modify the appearance of the user's
ly exclusive ways). In this case, the markings of the Arcanos that is
frequently will predominate, though some evidence of the less commonly
manifest as well. For example, a Harbinger with some knowledge of
(which stains its user's left eye bright green) will have the traditional set

eyes, but with a distinctly green sheen to his left one.


Arcanos Markings

iously it is impossible to make someone's low green or their

1 chiaroscuro effect for the duration of the game. With that in nj

¢ needed to demonstrate a character's Arcanos markings. Dist

s can be described to other players upon encountering them, the

lic ones of course)

hing (or in some case

set of means by the Storyteller's choice. What markin,
ht influence the way you deal with them. If your character
ast the Harbingers' Guild or is searching for Harbingers, then

1 peck underneath th k for the tell-tal

Moliations and garb that cannot be adequat ced in game (i
mor, et sful Ment
a wraith to | of another; cor

oth ankles, full plat

When purchasing Arcanoi, a character must first master the lower levels (OF
"arts") before moving on to the
Lif basis of
that Arcanos (Embody in this case), as well as Phantom Whispers and Statue

nore advanced ones. For example, before learning

in-Death, a ch

acter must possess first the Innate Abilities that

rm

Regardless of the nature of the Arcanos, it is suggested that a character actually
learns the Arcanos between game sessions, as opposed to during gameplay. This pres
vents the character from suddenly powering up during the course of an evening and
throwing game balance off-kilter. Also, this helps to reflect realistically the time it
takes a wraith to master her newly developed powers

Attunement

"Attunement" is a process of gradually practicing an Arcanos on a certain sube

ject, investing Willpower so that the Arcanos becomes easier when dealing with {

that person or object. This process is mainly used with Embody, Puppetry and Ine

habit, although the Storyteller is free to allow her players to attune other Arcanoi
(such as Usury or Pandemonium). People of objects that a wraith has attuned to are
called Consorts.

Each time the wraith successfully manifests to, Skinrides or hides in the Con-

sort, she may spend one Willpower Trait, carefully identifying with it, The closer the

wraith was in life to the object, the easier attunement is. Attuning toa stranger costs

a total of five Willpower Traits over an extended period of time; attuning to a close
friend or lover may require only two or three. The results vary by Arcanos; for in-

stance, certain Puppetry arts can only be used on Consorts. If no attunement results

are given under the Arcanos, the Storyteller or Narrator should pick whatever effect

seems most reasonable — if she decides to allow it to be attuned at all

ended Periods of Time and Arcanoi
anoi allow a wraith to retest in order to extend the duration of an art's
etests are called Extended Challenges. Generally, they are used in
effects that have limited time spans, and are most commonly linked
noi that involve crossing the Shroud.
Heraith wins the retest, from that point on he can retest again and again to
eneth of his art's effect without spending an additional point of Pathos. If the
ing his retest, the art can be extended by one to three minutes (Storyteller
Thur the effect then ends and no new retest can be made. If the wraith loses
ded Challenge, then the effect ends instantly, and no new retests can be made.
fe wraith loses on his first attempt to use an Arcanos that involves Extended
es, he must wait three to five minutes before retrying. Some Arcanoi that involve
Challenges restrict the wraith to a longer period of time before allowing a retest;
feill describe the wait times required in their respective explanations.

Cards
of the Arcanoi create effects that cannot be duplicated within a live-
g. Flight, iridescent glows, travel through the Tempest, materia
—all of these require some way to let other players know that your
See glowing, or materialized, or whatever.
that in mind, certain Arcanos effects (or "arts," as they are known) re-
wers pick up cards emblazoned with the art's name at the beginning of
By. This card should be displayed prominently when the art in question is
the display allows other players to know that you're in fact glowing (or
Wou're doing). If the card is not displayed properly, the Arcanos effect
Bpnothappen. It is every player's responsibility to pick up all of the appro-
fat the beginning of the game, and to use them correctly. "But I just forgot
SBiraip," doesn't cut ic.as an excuse.

Dont Forget

Oblivion

is an Arcanos of travel, specifically of travel through the Tempest. It
iths to "swim" through the Tempest's mutable substance, find secret path-

M place to place, and journey reasonably safely between the realms of the
BWorld. Masters of Argos can go virtually anywhere in the Tempest and arrive
Being molested by Spectres. Without Argos, though, travel in the Tempest
zardous. Wraiths with no Argos knowledge drift about in the storm, and


can only change direction by spending a Pathos point. A character with Argos ¢

long as all link hands, one can guide

The Guild

The Harbingers' Guild came £6;

the Hierarchy without actually

to serve as a sort of Coast Gi
Following the breakin

Harbingers, albeit on a

noting that the Harbit

to interfere with a H;

always stop to rescu
Harbingers a

spend in the Tei

innate Abit fi!

Those with Argos ¢:
and each is closed imm

To open a Nihil, the wrait
she can try again at the same pl:
must wait one minute before tryi

Basic
© Enshroud: To avoid the hazar
how to hide themselves from unfriendly

ith her, so long as they don't resis au

FStygian government, working
reo Their sense of honor led
+

what is nearby in
ation or blind

"The portals are usually small,
rough. If another wraith is

Olding hands or some othet

th the wraith who opened it
ysical Challenge. A tie means
challenge means that the wraith

fle Tempest, those with Argos learn first
s. This art allows the wraith to pull shad


1th Tempest and Shadowlands. When
idenly vanish. She is thereafter cloaked

an Extended Static Physical

h successful Extended Chal-

wo more minutes. Enshrouded
Ming revealed, though they must

th the Tempest and the
tore than anything else),

\W.OF the wraith's Fetters,

tay Flicker any distance toa

ttefs allows her to instantly

wraith and her Fetter in

fal, as Fetters may be moved

the Storytellers to know the

yer (the player and Storyteller have

Prearrangement ("© i my house, and I intend to use

et to it."), then this a e (HdWwever, if, say, a wraith's Fetter is a

; itis unreasonable to] expéetgameplay to halt temporarily while
isearches the area and distipssthe aétion in order to find her Fetter.

h the expenditure of a Pacha poifit, the wraith may make an Extended

Challenge to reduce travel fime by a couple of minutes upon each

challenge for the normal use ker. In order to Flicker to a Fetter, a


wraith must spend one Pathos point andjmake an Extended Static Physical Chal.
lenge to shorten the time needed to travé} to her Fetter. Flicker does not require the
use of Tempest Threshold.

Shadowlands.

A wraith first spends
which should be marked
make a Physical Chall
Tempest, where norm
abilities she has in
trouble if ignorant
Level from the tafg

called the Devil's B
dangerous business |

The Guild

iron lanterns marking a a
no Hierarchy soldier arrests
doners are indispensable —
long ago.
The older Pardoners tend to be Castigare in almost religious or spitit
terms; newer wraiths prefer a more p e gical approach to the Shadow. Pardone

are recognizable by their inky finge ed from the contact with wraiths' dat


PANES

bilities

Beret The wraith can bridly d herself and her companions from a

. Her Castigate acts as alShield Wall, deflecting the Maelstrom's storm
pian her from. thefattention of any passing Spectres.

nding upon how intense the Mael-

s. For example, a sm s HMonly affects a small section of a

would only need i while a Great Maelstrom like

was spawned by the dropping of the atomic bomb would require 8. When

rk, the wraith makes a Static Physical Challenge and

th succeeds, she may extend the Bulwark over herself

ulsight: Those with Castigate can examine another wraith and see the
With careful study, the wraith may measure a Shadow's rough

close it lies to the surface. Theses cafinot examine her own

gers) by gauging the

t Upon a successful
fl as announce
allenge, the

sheet, and

's dark
joner false
the weaker

EA of i.
porary Angst.
n mn Bxtended Mental
tion of the target's player
BF answer fairly truth-
dow's favorite tricks).
pending a Temporary
td out. Shadows may re-
this art as a method to

ectly attack the power of

om Pardoner to Pardoner, and

sermons, song, esateric ch flagellation (roleplayed, not per-
nember the No Ti jis/an extended, careful process, and

ith enters a Social Ghal t the target, which may become an

ial Challenge if the ooses. The target resists by bidding

gst points. If the Pardant then the Shadow loses the Temporary

Sint bid. If the Shadow wins, then the Pardoner gains a Temporary Angst


point as well as losing the Mental Trait
Angst point lost, the Castigated wrai

intermediate

Spectres and keep them from ¢

entire structure from Specti

guard an entire skyscraper). 4

Peculiarly, this art cannot Ke
Each success in an

Spectres who are prese!

minutes. Any Spectr

even if the Pardoner

flee the area. $
the area.

a challenge,
she must end
another wraith's

Embody is the art Of
Arcanoi, it defies Charo
authority to reach across
strong. The change in a
heady enough to tempt the

The best way to learn Em
intense sensory input available.
ing reflection in a lake —all can b
across the Shroud.

at she bid. However, for every Temporary

loses a level of Temporary Corpus.

fis purity, the wraith may drive away
jate area. This art can shield an

ly the greatest Pardoners could
idden or no, are driven away,

ng against a Narrator and any
a eep the ward up for | to 5

be Uéfedted in Social Challenges,
in this challenge are

ay. Ng test against

uses it against
other Temporary

/s the lure of the flesh is
She manifests is powerful, and

Js senses, focusing on the most
eat from a radiator, the shimmer

ith which a wraith can pull herself

herself up to mortal injury. Immate~
a blow or gunshot, bat those physically


take as many Corpus Levels oflamage as they would have lost in Health
life. If "slain," an Embodied wfaith is thrust into a Targeted Harrowing as

the Consort can see or hear the
tals might consider the Con-

L body. This art is not ne
hand, mortals who notice a
I react with intense fear.

lenge in order to relay a
FS to manifest, a wraith must athos point and enters an Extended
Challenge to remain matefialiged for two minutes per success. If the
ing to manifest wishes,


whisper and materi
© Statue: This art permits thi

their wraithly prey.

By spending two Pathos
lenge to see how many ti
minutes per success)
may be harmed as if

Wraiths using
teller at the start g

plicating his mortal life.
his former warmth. The
only restriction is time — wf
The sensation of this brief e:
who have been dead a long ti

The player must spend thre
an Extended Static Social Chall
pletely solid for as long as it takes ta
person viewing him, he may manife
the wraith suffers any damage as if he

jookers. Horrific Moliation or other cre-

ge. Phantom Whispers can be used to
each requires a separate challenge,

if immobile, form. The

fBion of himself, but with cold, hard

uman form, briefly du-
leeds, sweats and enjoys
while he was alive. The
‘concentration is staggering.
wering, especially to wraiths

one Willpower Trait, and enter
Eéess allows the wraith to be com:
ath. If the wraith is Attuned to the


ally) the souls of

Some claim that Fate's mark is onfeverything, even (and espe
dead. Faralism is the Arcanos thatlallows wraiths to read F
of interpreting someone's past OF futufeFatalism is a dangerous Arcanos;
‘who tamper with Fare's weaving ear-find themselves horribly ensnared in its
There should be stiff pentaltiesforsabusesvof this power; Fate does not take
ly to meddlers in her works

Guild
The Oracle's Guild/enjoyed steady Busifiess-in_its heyday. Some say they di
Bly served the Lady of Fate-hetself, others that even. higher powers commanded

s tapestry, to the

A Note on Fatalism

alliance. Rumors aside, Oracles'were pfized as advisorson most matters, and
501 after as counselors by many-Stygian lords.

Thesedays Oracles tend to'associate with Chanteurs, Sandmen and eyen Spooks.
lany find itbest to.notadvertise their calling, advising only those cleyer enough to
them outs There is a fierce unspoken, loyalty betwéen Ormeles, but they avoid
Ong associations with one another,
Oracles prefer gaudy attire).and most have argane marking of symbols of Fate
scribed on their foreheads and arms. These sigils appear 6n,theit own and cannot
be removed, and many*appear to dance: or niove,On their own.

nate Abilities
© Kismet: This is the ability to read.and gauge @ person, situation or thing's
Mportance in the grand wedve or how to tead how Faté influenced them, particu-
Hlatly in their demise. A practiced Oracle can easily inyerpret a wraith's deathmarks
fperceive the forces at play afourid those with great destinies that intermingle with
their own.
By entering a Mental Challenge with the target, the wraith can interpret either
OW much importance the target has im tegards tothe wraith or how the target died. If
the target loses the Challenge, she must tell the Oracle how the two are related (if at all)

ike., "We are enemies," "I am working towatd the same goals as you," etc. The target
Must answer truthfully, and to the best ofher ability. This power is very difficult to simu-
slate properly, and requires cooperation on the part of players in order to work at all


if the target loses, assuming he's already
dead he must tell the Oracle how he achieved that state. Again, no dissembling op
omission is permitted if the Oracle wifsithe'te

's interweaving strands allows her
ives vibrations along its web. If
@Y by holding a Foreshadow card

in plain view, she can enter
situation. In other words, i
have been surprised,

If the wraith wins,

n: The wraith can interpret a person's fate Gr read into her past

. Interpretation is vypically used with some of divination
paraphernalia e); attempting
this art witho

‘has in: céomplishing his Smeone is attempting-to
fe might be something getting'ift the way, etc.) Generally, his can be
out information cohcerning the upeoming wy? that ty Stor

into" someone else's'

By spending twe N
she is in conversation e Oracle ji challenge (and either ties
or wins if a retest is cal i gnent mi are what his next action
would have been. No lying i

Advanced

© Luck: The secrets of Alism permits a wraith to make
minor adjustments to Fate it Ag Fate's blessing, a wraith can enjoy
greater success in her efforts.

Acthe beginning of each game \, Q may spend two Pathos points and one
‘Willpower Trait, and enter into an Exte ic Mental Challenge with a Narrator. The
number of successes equals the number in challenges the player may change to ties

"luck" granted from using this ability. The


bued the items|with a lit
its them to give false lift

ibjects. Just as the Usu-
, the Alchemists' ex-
jects. Like their mor-
nts of matter, and
always in demand
protect their

nt Guild, the

of the Dic-

er, and the

item. In the case of
fffaller than a computer
to strengthen an object,
y attempt to damage or
t giving the object Physi-

fo a Extended Static Physical
strengthen or weaken the tar-

te significant decay in man-made
an Extended Static Physical Chal-
iron rusts to the point where it loses


be impressive, despite the fact

single link of chain or a similarly
Like the Altered States

Inhabit to bring small objects

Challenge, the wraith cai
object cannot be larger th
removes a Trait from tf
don't have a pre-listes
announced to make
however, make a

stealth,

lene

her vicinity. The bd
or virtually any othé
Traits as the wraith,
entifely of tissue paper d
likely to be thrown abou
is capable of sight, touch ai

The wraith must enter if
of Pathos, plus one Willpo Te
points in order to create her Auton
tomaton. The assembled body Ia
release her grip. Furthermore, YN
her Automaton are not lost by the

Se:

assured the Alchemists that they had
r bay. The effects caused by Decay can
ea covered is often only that of q

success on the challenge
retion for objects that
wust be either noted or

. An Alchemist can,
with some degree of

ly from objects in
sheaves of paper,
the same Physical
. A body comprised

. as by use of this art

Henge and spend three points
ceive two Temporary Angst
st is needed to create the Au-
g,6F until the Alchemist decides to
pg iost while the wraith is controlling


an Automaton:

icate what she is doing. The
ed by a Narrator, or, failing d

aiths skilled in Inhabit
ence into an inanimate,
2" If an object is destr

es arelic. Masters of ly
ally pouring Corpus an)
ensive yet powerful 4

are some adi
Consort, a

nhabit
those Arti
ory of the firs
ificers are chi
Younger A

AY i8.a slang term for wraiths wh
gwith this ri

ith may care! Ob
tly in res ~*~
The player only
termine whether
d Static Mental Gl
e (or numbers). Wi
if a machine has been
y this).
 Shellride: The wraith
hiding there from other
ning within until he chooses t

The wraith makes a Static Physical Gl

f, he can be only be detected by
d, the wraith immediately take:
tiple wraiths can Shellride the same

fordeterminj

puld hold up a card with the name of the

tion of the Automaton should be
nsus of players.

ofthe ianimate. They can infuse their
c » inyimmese' en

arning how to animate their
it, the item immediately

ceanfeven imbue an objéct with their own Arcanoi,

litem to create a form of

aftuning Inhabit toa specific Object. By preparing an
‘control over its fur

hile Shellridinig an obj

ons when Inhabiting
fo attune it.

Guilds, but also
Order to train
the assets

if work at
e charred

machines.
ing if any wraiths

Al Challenge in order
successes through an
ng the Shel
ges, the wrai
ig a Narrator is present to

Without harm into a machine or
§ control over the object, only

Be to slip safely into an object. While
mlin. However, if the host object is
1us Level of damage and is forced out.
, assuming it is large enough.


If Sense Gremlin is not used, a

to both Skinlands and Shadowlands gl

Shellriding wraith must hold up a SI

without surge protectors.

The wraith makes a St
question. In the case the wx
Mental Challenge is needs
to another machine. Skin
ting down.

trol over the host object

The wraith spends tl
cal Challenge, with the n
object that may be Claimed.
Claim a house. A wraith may
(turning pages, locking windor
whether or not she is attuned to
on the roll above and beyond thos

If the object is destroyed while
Trait to bring it across the Shroud as
fully Claimed.

b Shellriding is considered to be invisible

vers. While using this basic ability, 4

electronic device, the wraith may
fer. This disruption of the electron
ate instruments, especially those

in order to short the device in
an one device, an Extended
ith to send a surge through

lands object or
anyone touching
nge, the person

‘as her own body for

‘out over the entire

can see, hear and feel
May even exert some con-

ifto an Extended Static Physi-
fing the maximum size of the
ss to possess a book but five to
er host object while Shellriding
xtent of her control depends on
w Many extra successes she scored
.¢ control of the object.
; the wraith may spend one Willpower
. Each individual item must be success-


wraith who is using Claim must

jiming. In addition, if she is forcing u
effects she is causing. Others, ever

fects she creates.

Empower: Wraiths with
d M y
ging one of their Arcanos affs
by activating the religs TH
Ived; a calculator make

llpower Traits and ma
it arts, the difficulty e

Challenge.
ng; most Artifice
Next the wraid

| The art of Inti
3. It allows a wrai
d, and to squelch, m
mpletely overwhelm they
frown to a monstrous obs

he ci \\

Even in shadowed Stygia,
lways more of a cabal than a Gi
ways in which their special tale
Same time, common citizens avoided
Of manipulation that the wielders of Inti

fo
$a <ayy€reate form of inexpensive Artifact by
felic, Other

usually must
perior vessel for

in he safety of their lalints.
propriate\Arcanos art wh

up her Shellride card while engaged in
ject to act in any way, she must narrate

iths thereby are able to use
appropriate to the Arcanos
ry than an umbrella, for

es an Extended Static
Is the local Shroud

focusing on the
ugh no obvious
the Arcanos.
wer art (up

Yed a reputation that was dark.

were sought out by the great for

tip the balance of intrigues. At the
illing to become pawns in the games
n played. By the turn of the 17th cen-


Solicitors' presence any longer and declaféd them banned from Stygia. Though all
the Guilds had been officially disbandéd, by, this time, any who practiced or even,
held knowledge of this now-forbiddenyd Swvere made very unwelcome in Stygia
This did little to alter the status q 6, other Ran to raise the Solicitors' rates for
services rendered. Even today, if thiart of manipillating desire is needed, a Solicitor
can be found in almost any lo wurse, that one is willing to risk
dealing with them.

ne wheel, denoting their power
to bend others to their will Solici i *r luct psychological warfare on
targets by causing toy wl e a ropriate moments. The
effect is generally simil r endary fishy wrapped in newspaper. In
person, Solicitors can g
disguise it, a Solicitor

x what desire is
Oclusive results

olicitor W resist
attemprto control her using this Arcanos. ful contest refiders the
whatever effects were intended. ul

akes the item more

Of tock seem to contain

precious gems, or a rust f ly as Excalibur. This is

an unsubtle use of the Ai t to aspiring Solicitors.

A successful Static yk one Pathos point infuses

Any wraith or living

being near the ensorcelled obj 4 Mental Challenge or
they feel a desire to possess it.

Skinlands, the wraith needs to us@it @ physically in the Skinlands, not

against a relic. (Solicitors usually re ick ncing such items as grenades with

the pins pulled, stolen goods which e yy is searching for, etc.). If the wraith

g for more than five minutes, then he


to extend the Gleaming's duration,

jects marked with the Gleaming thusthe identified as such.

» Deep Desiring: By using

Désiring, @wraith is able to map the wants and

fofthe target wraith in detailfand, if so desired, remove a want from the target's
A wraith who decides to use Deep Desiring fe\quash a want or desire from her
‘can use it to remove theGesire for a/certain telic CD or even something as

as the lust for powensThis use of De

rapeutic or incredib!

unsubtle; it excises th
ap in the victim's
or either use of

arget are revea
iber of succes

Desiring can be either extraordinar-
sire from the target, its
does not bother to heal

d Fw points of Pathos and
nded Mental Challenge
crush his wants.
Successes, even the

h Wants to use Deep
»-seated a want

the could re-

Lente he Craving implants.a complex desiré Fed aani ie fom
Ching fond wing the Cres Wall in person. All of the victing$ actions
around this, which becomes the central thread ofthe tafe' exist

et. The number of si
notanatural Pa
This art costs either fo
, one Temporary

lon. It enables the user to duplicat
‘Temoving wants from the target,
anos are not obvious. While Deep

il Challenge against the
Craving is implanted. A
§ by following the Craving's
and two Willpower Traits.

Ml of the other aspects of Intima-
‘ofthe Craving or Deep Desiring's use
0 subtly, so that the effects of the


so that to observers the victim of the
other interests. In the same way, a d
natural outgrowth of other interests
Detecting the effects of Cupitatis is,

number of successes against
the victim's consciousness ig
and two Willpower Traits u
points.

Keening

Keening is an
of banshees and g
emotions who hy
living or dead,

and mighty of Stygia.
sion, and for centuries @

innate Abilities

* Perfect Pitch: This is the a
using Keening. The wraith must en|
bidding Mental Traits instead of Soc'

\e Solicitors are truly feared,
moved or implanted, an Extended

seamlessly the modification of
gives the wraith four Pathos
Ider three Temporary Angst

ning's arts. Those
to their listeners,

ing the ones who

ceeding even the

elite. Even after

id access to the high

@ for such potent diver-

BAe of the few "acceptable"
any wraiths search out

en those who perform a
ibals, castanets or drumsticks.


g or casual conversation. To use

Social Traits against her oppon

is art has proven excellent in
rticular locale to protecting

will follow the
im to do as the

ble of damaging plasm
int of Temporary Angst,
fe singer inflicts one Cor-

fealth Level of damage per two suc-
sivill affect vampires, werewolves, and


Requiem: This art floods the si

ing the wraith wishes will pour over tb

Physical Challenge. Each suce
one minute, unless she is prep:
Social Challenge against the
wins the challenge, however
overwhelmed with emotion
larly dark emotions can
negative emotion at th

cess achieved. If the/@n
Temporary Angst.

are not; it is

the ul

The Monitorswei
Artificers. They often
siderable influence onthe
world kept them from
Guilds.

Since the fall of the!
than before. They refuse
Lifeweb, unless absolutely c
mors accuse certain ex-Monit
wraiths' Fetters unless bribed,
destroyed.

Monitors never close their ey
detected.

ePwith raw, undiluted emotion. Any feel.
et, burying her soul in its tide.

ject and enters an Extended Static
hanteur paralyzes the subject for
In that case, she can initiate a

t effects her. If the Chanteur
specting, the object of the art is
or defend herself, Particu-
iccesses are scored with a

may lose Mental Traits or

pw but systems
he necessary.


Abilities j
‘® Locate Fetter: The wraith may Seheck up" on any of his Fetters, scanning its
inding. This ability also permis the Wraith to sense a Fetter's distance and

{
"* Sense Strand: The wraith can scrutinize the patterns of energy surrounding
ths and their Fetters. Hesmay perceive the links Between a wraith and her Fet-
whether something is in fact a Fettet or not, and if so, identify the wraith

to it. y 4 %
'* Splice Strand: Faith may create an attachment with a person, place or
Fetter, Both the Wraith ingolvédiand the object must be
Monitor doing the splicingyatwhich point the con-
pay be maintained from day rOdaysbut only one tempo-

The wraith exer
fers. She ean only acconip! , fis in sige the A" et Fetter,
away ay heath raw fc of will.

f Di who has mastered chs art ld

wn. This. lysdone as part ofa contract > the mortal promises
from athe other side," Thereafter, while'the mortal
fof the wraith. When the mortal dies, the wraith becomes

Segoe a with she and tie Maniter@bntinue hei

mosynis can be) ‘ither' a ue 1 i $661 or the most inhumanly
irce of pain imaginable for.a wraith. Students ofthis Arcanos learn the arts

ing memories, ands jould the individual, warket reach more difficult levels of
yement, of bringingithdse memories into the)pfesent: Obviously Mnemosynis
L tool for obtaining information or aseértaining guilt, and it was a widely

elief that the Mnemdiwere inCapablewfipilling anything save the absolute
the psyches of those they, work with ‘This, unfortunately, was not the

An early synthesis of the atts of Puppetry arid Castigate, Mnemosynis also fo-
the control of others. Maemol afe workers with the stuff of remembrance

l€ patterns of thought, and only the mast skilled have the ability to shape it,
merely read or recall it. However, those with the talents to perceive

Fy as physical stuff may shape it folthelr satisfaction, thus in essence modifying
g memories. Those watching the Mnemoi do not see this reshaping of the


material of memory as anything beyond thé}

qhe Gul

Once closely affiliated with th
Stygia as questioners and sleuths
and fault were easily answered
question and simply know no}
of their Guild was unquestion
ing was widely noise

talents to the highs
Guild was broken a

By entering a
wind and is able to seé
the last minute of her
Mnemos loses the chalk
mation.

can experience it herself. The
"Let me see your memory of the ff
or "Show me what happened just
event that the questioner knows:
dumped Chretien into the Nihil,"
that her target

and falsehood, responsibility
up memories of incidents in
the wherefores. The honesty
usness of Mnemoi train:
Mnemoi corruptible, it

\ Mnemoi were in fact

¢ Guild sold their
by Charon, the

ere, in a thot
g and shaping

world around
t. The Rewind

emos activates Re-
The subject must relate

memory so that the Mnemos
ist be specified precisely (i-¢-
to your friend Aristophanes,


To recall a particular memory, the Manos phrases her request for the specific
and then enters an Extended Mental Challenge against the target. Every
sdetermines the clarity of the i ower is only good for the last year;

‘additional five years of range req) expenditure of a Willpower Trait.

} Mnemotechnics: Mnemé brings a moment of the past back for the

whom it is exercised WI i ie target is instantaneously

(in her mind) baé inemos responsible. The

will perceive he Il act accordingly. This

neither be ama cent re fot inflicted delusions, and it
ingly by th are a e ")

ded Social Ghs i whether this power

In additi n r _ rechnics is to heal

memories, th 1 c the 1 \figst points drained
fe targer's of this number is t Pathos). Con-
a malevo power u "An\ al to half the

. > fined by the

malevolently,
aith to coma
esponses. Like a kind i
th someone
e being conveyed by a meat

les of meaning throughrthis art On
someone who speaks an unfan gua nonver-
must enter a Static Mental Challen allows her to
ine simple phrase, and receive a respot rea litional person
mos wishes to communicate with beyond the he point of Pathos must

fof the target's past for
expands the range of

es in the "If you sank

ll produce precisely 2ro in hoe ryone in the range experi-
the memory through théjeyes of the tatget of the Arcanos.
for a cost of two Pathos Sieot ip , Casting the Scene can be

|. The wraith acquires one Tempot int for every minute of memory
by this power. To use mies oN 1e Mnemos makes a Static Social
ge. The power i only goo hat occurred during the past year;

tay 8 expenditure of an additional Will-


a fearsome power, a compressed ai
cases cause actual damage to the
ferred from will still recall what
tached from the experience.

an Extended $
witha tie co

plasm ever-so-bri
beauty or a thing o

is nearly instantaneous,
reworking the appearance

The Masquers' Gi
and beautification. The Masque
demand for custom Moliation,

Whether it was shaping a wraith int
ons from her very Corpus, the Masque

create true art while they were at it.

of the Mnemoi, the ability to amplify
B,to another. While this may nor seem
a emotional experience can in some
son the memory is being trans.
gerned, but will become more dee

ful memories, it has been

body actually begins to bee

of this power that forced
to this day.

contact with the sub.

ids and has no means of

e to 10, indicating

Viincrease the inten-

ot bring the in-

then enter into

lenched fist into a club
ly worked seat cushion or
minutes, even hours.

a sprawling house of fashion

of their time fulfilling the heavy

lofty position among the Guilds.

heeideal' self-image or drawing terrible weap~
elaiffied they would meet every request and


Feourse, the masters of Moliate wéte also warriors, spies and assassins of the
caliber. When the Masquers vecilgo withdraw from the Guilds' attempted
er wraiths' distrust of thesirgrew stronger. While practically every Cita-
mer Masquer on the payépll; any wraith talented at Moliate is watched
y these days. "
gequers are exceptionally jroithieir act, and have a near-obsession with
In addition, their Oran al

"The wraith Catv we NE Oe to glow with an
of whatever col intensity: She}chooses..
ith entefs aft) Exréntled Stati&\Social ‘Challengotand expends one Pa-
1¢ number df successes ' éthe glow lasts. The glow
used to light Garke %r, help someone Ls ser a beacon in the
est. Wraithis with Mo id Hoy? cate from x Storyteller at
1 the game, anc ole ile usingthis att:

Map back to her
bet removed.

Exéendéd Static Social nlChlange d awe

ines hace ely cat imes her

entetyan qn f Mental
ininestheamount of infor-

ay use GE o mimic another's,
er to alter d f ooses. In teemis of copying another's
easier when i gat thefacé to be copied than to work from
Tf the wraith deci pus, Sh@may devise new appendages,
Jagged teeth, grow herself with markings or pat-
cause parts of her eMhe only weaponry that the
create are enhai § Otherwise the wraith retains her
pptiyaical capabilities fegardle: snuimber of appendages. Actively using
pendages requires Martialry. Any ebange ist a wraith's appearance should be

on her Appearance card.
The Masquer may Sculpt hersélf onan of wraith. The wraith makes an Ex-
d Static Social Challenge agathst'a huiftber of successes the Narrator deems
e. Any Sculpting effects are permanent (until negated by another Sculpt-
is art cannot cause damage, only alter shape. This art costs one Pathos to


use, and the subject loses a Corpus Level,
plicated than simply cosmetic alteratio
Sculpt can also be used to heal
replace lost Corpus Levels by rewo
success for each level of aggravates
Willpower Trait and a Pathos, pI
© Martialry: This art peri
form her skin into armor. AnyiWe
knows how (
ible. The wraith simply m
as she goes. By the same
into a formidable carapa
their bodily arsenal as
To create weapg
lenge and expend

he process involves anything more com.

d damage; a wraith using Sculpt can
ounds. The healer must obtain one

hos per success.
NBhape her limbs into weapons or
tomatically usable by one who

Mor tends to be stiff and inflex-
ired weapon, hardening it

armor works her Corpus

wuers deliberately make

an, EX Static Physical Chal-
lows p to inflict an addi-

tional level of da and-to-Rand combats ha e weapon matters
little, although many j .
To sculpyarmor,,

wraith using
attack-relat
against her targ

sical Challenge
rary Corpus
ust be de-

aiths, The
a successful

ical Challenge

point 0 image, plus one

point per extra p pent. Five or moréisuc jits the wraith to
tear off a portion dfhe face, hand, knes andom handful of

plasm). Using Rend
spends to get extra p

of modern sculpture. It is dat
volume of the final form shoul

The wraith enters an Exte
cesses needed depending upon the fi
form of an oily puddle would only
Anacreon in full regalia is much har
maintain a full-body change for a limited

10s to activa é hatever the player
i Each use of Rend also

ansform his or another's Cor

model to a bookcase ora chunk

tch ghe's plasm too thin; the relative
the wraith's normal volume.

Challenge with the number of suc-

Narrator's decision). Taking on the

success, while mimicking a Hierarchy

ig four successes. The wraith can only

(five minutes per success) before his Cor


. IF itis used against an unwilling wraith,
Angst points.
ith into an inanimate form are only
we access to them.

T are several ways tofaft i rom the Shadowlands. Out-

‘is the Arcanos that mani ith' ill as a kinetic force. Its arts
its practitioners.

embers were such frac-
h other. Their lack

the smallest ob-
ibout the size of a

ecap, and these ji
sting the living's

rj uttons.
a
! wrait makes SF Ub VK geome Pair of Pathos

os

its the wraith tolaffect the Skinlands more fully.

i Stall things; although a powerful wraith may

Sitable objects (and then drop them lat his leisure). The object can be lifted toa

eight before the wraith releasegit.

wraith enters an Extended

indicates what can be lifted. Objects may only be lifted, not pushed around,

ted or moved in any other way. The use of this art costs one point of Pathos.


\s his anger and lashes out across the
Shroud, striking his target with raw {@feb. Thigart can also be used on objects in the
Underworld, including other wr ‘

Each success on an Extend = Be inflicts one Health Level (or Cor.
pus Level, if the target is a wrait ‘ art costs two Pathos per strike,
* '

intermediate

* Death's Touch: Thefwraithimay hows : Objects in the physical world,
This art permits typing, oPeding windows,and'so on, if the wraith was solid,
The wraith may alter pose to create some frit ting fires without any
sort of material sourcs 7

The wraith e P ( and expends three
Pathos. The wraith ri n imber of successes
rolled. The po p

Tostarta P p to an Extended
Static Physical .. fr icares d t of the fire,

The w i th's Toucl mu: ever ie Gauises to hap-
pen by usinie/thi ti rout, wh ‘mortals will
Not see

The wraith using this art must physitally lift the item (or card for the item)
being affected by this power, demonstt hat precisely is being done with it.

7
Adva ed

so seve
into Obli
ing this arto

fo affect another

nge instead. Each

success inflicts one' z y * géteatures suffer Health

Levels of damage, b , they are slain. Wraiths

reduced tozero alsc istrntdiatels estruction Harrowings:
0 orary Angst points.

As staving off Oblivi bys ree istence, sending a soul to
the Void is frowned upon byche'a , wa wn to have used Obliviate
on another soul will be wal i i¢ thewery least. In addition, other
wraiths are likely to skittish x saft send them to the Void witha
(relative) minimum of effort. "\y

Pandemonium

I
Pandemonium is the ability t0 to fap into'Chaos itself, releasing the strange and
eldritch upon the living world. Other s tend to avoid masters of Pandemo-
nium, as their distorting effects of the Wylding (as the Arcanos is also known) ca?

be detrimental to one's sanity. ¥


fortals generally won't believe mogt of the flagrant effects of this Arcanos.
it mists, blood seeping under doorgy swarms of spiders, and clocks running out
ol tend to send most people ate of panic or disbelief, Even video

of some of these effects =~ % videotapes are becoming easier

nters, The two Gui 1 oftal intruders away from build-
were hired to "cle Kj would gladly mingle with
snthropic, half-
heir minds as much ity, could be sure that the
rs were fully i t ese days, Spooks and
rs are nearly u i py to leave them to

i

wraith really concentgaifes upon his target,
disoriented an femporaily forget "lp he is and what he's
‘order to cause small physical efferbpes fcr i the wraith makes a Social
and spends @he Pathos. In order xo case A mental effect upon a target,
lith must make an Extended Mental Challenge against the victim with every
using the effects ito 1a8t ey mingtes Ber success. This art works as
aiths as it does o1
ith Outrage, the Hauhter must PoWond if possible, roleplay the effects
mpting to create. he:Skirilands react only to the effects; other
ih react to the wraith aswell if th€y;nowiee her (by winning a Static Mental
) in the confusion. aly
Ether: The wraith ma th the weather or light conditions in
thé remperature, summon mist and darkness,
the humidity, or even evoke a glow akin to St. Elmo's Fire.


The player declares the effect she w;
Challenge. The number of successes de
in environment. Five success calls uy

prefer to use this art to terrify rat
In addition, if Dark Ether is used.
Angst.

intermediate

* Foul Humour: Thi
festing noxious subs
locusts, clouds of wa
clotted gore, raw flesh, ¢

The player m
cal Challenge. H
ing one point of
and detail of the
or less; tra
cesses. Any,
successes

Each suéeess
wraith scored three successes,
into seven or nutes of effor
ing six turns, lectigg it be finished in
minutes or so. (Note: This does not adi
Celerity or Rage; itjcan only subtract
Shadowlands. This arte
that a Narrator be pre:

Phantasm is the Arcanos
sleeping mortal's soul out of it
The sleeper will remember the
a dreaming level they are real in«

This Arcanos is a good way to i
dream can inspire or frighten a person if
alter elements of the dream to his tastes,

‘them,)
ts three Pathos and one

ur when th: vy sia | i

ts, and enters an Extended Static
the degree and duration of the chay

ey

a
%

his Corplls through the Shroud) m
vermin. He @hn create plagues of frogy
ts or spiders. Ae can alternately produc

ier foul matter,

tended Static P

e level of damagelfor every

pversely, he could
ree. This art can be a

to the n «
~

er Trait. It is recommended

Phos with mastery of its arts can slide @
ing if along on a Shadowlands journeys

tals directly in a wraith's doings. A vi¥i

changing his behavior. The wraith can eve? 7

ting ot horrifying his audience.

igit also works in the


rs brought into the Shadowlids are treated as wraiths with particularly
( by, special Artifacts or attacks that inflict
‘damage on wraiths. Attack ers slip instantly back into their bod-
iIways waking up unharmed, ightiest wraiths can permanently
r kill mortals in their dreat

Beneficial or malefic effect, and this
With the exception of Agon,
rasm art that is used o harm another's also grants the user a point of
Angst. The samefitt can be and entertainment without
determines the cost is the

by a Narrator.

harged with artistic
of dreamstuff and
acreons bartered
estige.
o carry on the
s », Even today,
(of Sandmen bring 1 across the world, re-
J ty jors/because the| h

Bewraith may Aadhemoralyccana faction
of (SFREM bleep, deegppleep and transition). -TRtrability
af cteatures ag well. 4
kes Static Mental Challenge in order to be abfe to watch the
minutes at a time. If the dream is anything pertinent,

juld be relayed to the Sandman, Uihgtarget is fetning
i nh instantly.
eA W

jing it, or
» the wraith Mm

ils, he can twist a if dream intd afightmare or vice versa.
a dreamer's soul is body). aith enters an Extended Static
Every success allows the subject
ing that time the dreamer can see,
ens of the Underworld.
ipulate the sleeper's dreai
and expends two points of P:
Success makes every change more


The Sandman need not enter a
willing, the player enters a Social Gl

of Pathos when used on supernatuf
they will instantly be aware of whiat i
ral attack; they may or may ng

intermediate

© Phantasmagoria:
ria affects all five sensesj!
other wraiths if she inyes
illusions in the materia

sion, as well as i
illusion quasi-n

Challenge, which'
points to use, and g

petry has its devotees, those willi
the Skinlands.

Wraiths riding a subject are no!
immune to the normal dangers of that
hosts do. Also, the host's Physical Trai

ike mortals, supernatural beings or
dreams are as vivid as those of life
if the subject is willing. If he is un

points for mortals, and three poim
art is used on supernatural being

a victim, Each suc-
Pathos to activate,

is maintained, )

ly Yip a dreamier's soul from her sleéping body,
en debilitating to the: r ff
+hysical Challenge against the Vierim. The num-

mer also loses an equal
may resist the wraith) through the B
art's use into a true struggle, Agon'
ith's Shadow two Temporat pA


ith's unless the wraith is in ditect control. The Puppeteer is a backseat
nd usually nothing more.
st aspects of Puppetry requires ith to attune himself to a Consort by
Willpower Traits while Skinriding. The wraith may try these arts (at the
discretion). my)

on occasiony he tole

Fther Guilds anfhagt for 4

representative.
otectively toward
ir favorite Quick.
nFal bodies, they are

nakes aS
eons of Puperer manip

&

I'S-body, thereby joining wit
ty and the host. a

toslip amistenter no fended Static Physi
. Any stigcess Wi a Sk host; the number of
5 determines hay S
he first in that
faiths who are Sk
they are Skinriding. A Skinriding wraith
d (being literally "iftside" her host), but by,¢k
‘communicate her presence except by st
¥s Control: A wra
‘speech center. Subtle
y without realizing it.
ff the wraith's and host's voi
this art in order to physically, manipulate the host, the wraith must enter
d Physical Challenge against the host and spend one Pathos point, with


the more successes giving the wraith mére control of her host. If the host actively

resists, the wraith gains one point of Temporary Angst.
Note: Mast hos willbe maker, - foe by Master's Contrdl; and will nal

able to resist actively. Those mo knowledge of ghosts (at least

Occult Trait) or supernatural be:
attempt to resist if they wish.

To use this art in order
spends one point of Patho
success allows the wraith ta
one point of Temporary

intermediate

Rein in the
host's knowledge.
mains semicor
when the Pupp
failing, she m
feeds back t

Rein ind
The host's fi

no actions on

Once aw
Consort at least
against her target.
of Mental Traits the

Two weeks after its,orig
cess of decay. Before to
Obliterate the Soul only
other supernatural beings, "a
first attempt to Obliterate
next game to try again. On thé
will allow for follow-up attempt

This art costs four Pathos a1

tion, the wraith gains a number of
nal Willpower Traits.

ciently aware of what's going on tg

jost's speech centers, the wraith
ded Mental Challenge,

breath. The wraith also gang:

658, someone without th
onsort. The host re.
will regain control
nalize her acti
in the host

the Mind on th
ed Physical Challe
B equal to the nu

dy will begin a slow pro
herefore, most wraiths ts
is art is ineffective against
nce per game session. If the |
, the wraith must wait until
success on the initial challenge 7
ippeteer feels up to it. a
re of two Willpower Traits. In addi
ngst points equal to the host's oFlg 1


leath as in life, nothing's freed Paths is the currency of the afterworld, and

‘Arcanos of barter. It is dance of the deal, of shifting Pathos

from one source to ang ith Usury can act as healers, mendi-

;chants or extortionis i II at once. It all depends on how

hey choose to be.

y involves power ofideath-energy, and ordingly mistrusted in some

point to the as the souce of thisArcanos, citing innumerable

e Devil" stor i é y Pisomistaken; repeated use of

raise a wraith'#Te Ang: hy levels rapidly. When used
Quick, Usui hing lf.

jortals, this requires

m. The life energy

is absorbed.

the U jure Jild oficnsidetable ni and political
portunity, they cast ot w er Guilds

, as it bec lear that

strand-

of Rathos

"both

d their

the client,

S to restrict
prices to cli-

¢ form of scales,

f life and death within
rson's relevant bese

lias their currentk
makeup, and]
tive life energy in géhe!
wraith makes a Stat
make an accurate Assé


fer is always visible to onlookers as a
Pathos. This effect is indicated by havi
‘Transfer card (which the Usurer sho
off temporarily as necessary).

If the player is lending her P
Challenge is required to allow
Pathos, they must enter an Ext
gives the Usurer one Tempo

* Charitable Trust:
may heal wounds. This
first to Embody.

The player makes

takes Corpus dama
intermediate

* Excl
with but a g
Levels intoBath
for them:

Chal

one el
point of Go

Advanced \

* Inv
relic, storing i
neling and cat ul
anyone who kno'

The player sp
Corpus points that he
Challenge invests ont
"gambled" are lost. To Seal
Trait and assign a command p
relic may only store one
tals are created and maintai

Relics and Artifacts cha
in them listed somewhere on 1

Backgrounds

Backgrounds are extra Traits that
ral capabilities of a wraith. There are fo

wig

vid halo around the wraith receiving the:
the wraith receiving the Pathos hold up, i
sat the beginning of the game, and

the wraith is using Transfer to
illenge; the use of the art this

ith his own Corpus, a
without forcing the ws

can transfer his Cg
use, and the Us
vels he gives aways!

on's life et

‘Pathos it
question,

must spend a Will
the stored reserve. A give
feans by which soulfire ef

ve the number of Traits invest

yond the direct physical and superna
fackgrounds that you can buy using N&


during character generation: Artifact, Eidolon, Memoriam and §
B pick your Backgrounds wisely so that they work well with your character
Bellin most cases, your Storyteller should have input into your choice of Back-
ito make sure that they'll fit with the gist of the chronicle. A beginning
ld not have an Artifact amphibious assault vehicle; a primarily Hierar-
Bmight not be the best place for a wraith with excessive Heretic Status, and
Brreason for a wraith with an aimless drifter concept to have Memoriam
¢ Backgrounds sensibly

Sommonly fueled by Pathos, Artifacts have certain functions or powers that aid the
fiwho carry them. Artifacts are highly valuable,and greedily sought after by the
of wraiths. Any Restless who chooses the Artifact Background must create
Storyteller) a story explaining reasonably where and how she

id how she has managed to hang onto it.
ters who take this Background can purchase it more than once with
representing one Artifact of the appropriate level. Conversely, mul
Bints spent on. Artifacts can instead grant a character a more valuable and

®'Attifact Background is obtained by taking Negative Traits at a one Trait
Hof Artifact ratio.


A minor Artifact, such as a Moliated Torch or a soulstee! mask.

© Level Three: An Artifact of some purpose, like a sword of Stygian steel,
include armor, homing beacons for travel in the Tempest, and Nihils in a bottle.

© Level Four: A major and useful Artifact, which the Hierarchy would dea
love to possess. Examples include a gun that doesn't need relic bullets, nets for fis
ing relics out of the Tempest and the like.

© Level Five: The most useful and powerful of objects, the envy of all
wraiths. Charon's sickle and mask, the raft of a Ferryman and other such objects
power qualify as Level Five Artifacts.

Artifacts of Level Four and above should be heavily restricted in-game, as only
the oldest and most powerful Gaunts have the strength and cunning to hang onto)
them for long.

Fidolon

Just a wraith's Shadow is her baser self, her Eidolon is her higher self. However,,
while all Shadows have voices, most wraiths' Eidolons are mute. They exist as a)
simple urge toward goodness, if at all.

Some wraiths, however, have stronger moral senses than the average. The
Eidolon of such a wraith, while never achieving the terrible strength of the Shadow,
can directly impact matters and foil the Shadow's machinations.

Each Trait in Eidolon can be spent once per game to foil the stratagem of a
wraith's Shadow. This does not mean retest; it means that the Shadow has been'
decisively defeated for the moment, and cannot act again for another hour. On the
other hand, once an Eidolon Trait is used, it is gone for the duration of the game.

Memoriam

The power of the memories of the living can be intense indeed, strong enough |
to feed the appetites of the dead. Memoriam is a measure of how well the living"
world remembers a particular wraith, and how much strength he can draw from that

During gameplay Memoriam is useless, but at the start of each evening's gameplay
wraiths with Memoriam make a Static Test for each Memoriam Trait they possess:
Each success grants the wraith a point of Pathos.

Memoriam Traits cannot be bid.

Status

Status is more of a recognition of authority than anything else. It does NOt
however, measure actual worth or achievement. Many in the bureaucracies of the
Underworld, just as in the Skinlands, have done little to deserve the power they
have. However, whether Status is earned or not is irrelevant; wraiths who have t
can use it in a variety of ways.

Each wraith begins the game with one Status Trait in one of the three majof
factions of Underworld society: Hierarchy, Heretics or Renegades. This indicates the
wraith's initial affiliation. It is possible for a wraith to have Status in multiple fac
tions — perhaps the wraith is a spy, or has been serving as an emissary — but not
common. The more Status a wraith has within a group, the more respect she wields


sf Traits Benefit

1 Get a restraining order against a character from a higher-up
Call for and receive basic help from fellow faction members
Order around recent inductees into the faction (within reason)
Acquire basic equipment from other faction members
Obtain financial resources or useful relics from the faction
Lead faction members into conflict or in negotiations
Have authority to cut deals with other factions and make them stick.
Lead large numbers of co-factionists
Obtain Artifacts, weapons and powerful relics from the faction
Temporarily reduce others' Status within the faction.
Temporarily bar others from the faction
Obtain potent Artifacts from the faction (on loan)
Plan and implement strategy for the faction
Call on faction members with lesser Status and have them respond

ion, and the more favors she can call in. With Status also comes
sibility, and wraiths with high Status find themselves responsible for
hich affect the existences of many lesser Restless.

Background is obtained by taking Negative Traits at a ratio of one
level of Status. Storytellers will sometimes hand out extra Status or

‘type of Status Trait's cost, depending upon the needs of the chronicle.
Traits are not usually bid, though they can be used in Intimidation or similar
. Losing a challenge where a Status Trait has been bid causes a temporary loss

the Status Trait bid is lost until the next game (at which time it returns).
ivion, Status is primarily a roleplaying tool. Saying, "I've got three Hier-
Sits," when arguing with someone over where to send the Legion-
other way of saying, "I have authority in this situation; do you?" At Sto-
tion, Status Traits can also be used to obtain concrete effects (listed
Traits used in this matter are considered to be gone temporarily and
ed at the rate of one per night of play. By using Status in this manner, the
‘Considered to have called in her favors, bullied her underlings, pulled her

Bietoporarily exhausted some or all of her resources.

is yet another kind of Status that wraiths can obtain: Status within the

# organizations called the Guilds. Guild Status can be purchased during char-

feation for two Negative Traits per level. To belong to a Guild is to belong to.
Organization, and the Guilds take their secrecy very seriously.


* Receive help with or tutoring in an Arcanos (a.k.a. apprenticeship) (2 Traig)
© Receive financial assistance or relics from fellow Guild members (3 Traits)
© Be granted sanctuary at a Guild-owned Haunt (4 Traits)

* Acquire the physical assistance of other Guild members, or get an apprentige
(5 Traits)

Guild Status can also be used for a variety of other things at Storyteller discre.
tion. Membership in the Guilds stretches across factional lines, and being able ¢9
identify oneself as a Guild member can be helpful in staving off many conflicts,

Guild Status is Guild-specific. Status in the Artificers' Guild does not cay
over to the Pardoners' Guild, and so on. It is extremely uncommon for a wraith to
have Status in more than one Guild.

assions are at the core of every wraith's existence. In a very real
(| sense, a wraith's Passions are what keeps her going. She must
strive to fulfill them, otherwise they will wither. However, if
she attends to them, she can reap a harvest of Pathos, enabling
her to continue her ghostly journey.
As stated in Chapter Three, a player must choose four
Passions that fit her character's personality, background and
history. To regain Pathos by means of a Passion, the character
must either evoke the emotion at the center of the Passion in another or feel that
emotion strongly herself. Sometimes a wraith will change the environment to evoke
the desired emotion in spectators; other times she will simply strive to follow the
Passion itself. Either path, with Narrator approval, can lead to the wraith gaining"
additional Pathos Traits, up to a maximum of 10.

In any scene where a character evokes an emotion in someone else, the player
makes an Extended Simple Test to see if she can sympathize with the emotions of
those around her. Only with a win in the Simple Test can she receive a wraiths
spiritual energy called Pathos, where each win allows her to gain another point of
Pathos. If a Narrator is present, she must approve the Pathos gain by verifying the
sincerity of the emotion felt or invoked. If no Narrator is present, the consent of all
players present is necessary for a test against a Passion. No Passion can be tested
against more than once every two hours; to do so more frequently would be to cheapen
the Passion in question. If a wraith fails a test to gain Pathos from a Passion, that
Passion is considered to be Numbed for the duration of the evening. Numbed Pas-
sions cannot be tested against; however they are recovered at the beginning of the
next evening.

Drawing Pathos from unfocused emotion can be difficult. Feelings are some
times impure, tinged by conflicting drives, and a wraith's sympathy with these mon
grel emotions is not always complete. However, when a wraith is directly involved ia
following the dictates of her Passion, she can draw upon extraordinary reserves
strength, In cases where the wraith is literally pursuing one of her Passions (in the
judgment of the Narrator), an Extended Simple Test allows the wraith to continue
to retest and gain Pathos if she ties at any point.


e sample emotions that can serve as the base of Passions include love, an-
ope, envy, lust, pride, sorrow, pain and greed.
me examples of Passions are:
Fight injustice
your death
ish all spousal abusers
ow a corrupt politician
t the criminal syndicate that destroyed your neighborhood
: Find a new owner for a cherished item
ect your daughter
lave a love that you couldn't before
Help your true love find someone else
Possess a particular valuable item
the Hierarchy for payment

Experience gratification that you never knew in life
vicariously through those you knew before dying
Become a martyr for a cause you know is right
ter belief in a higher power

Protect the oppressed
a homeless shelter
ta loved one from committing suicide
: Make your Haunt a place of remorse
grief to your enemy

, she has other concerns: the stability of her Circle, politics in her

her Shadow's encroachments and so on. Ifa wraith neglects a Passion for

however, at Storyteller discretion it can become Numbed, and require a

et Trait and a Pathos point to be reactivated. Passions that remain Numbed

consecutive game sessions are considered to have faded. The Passion is
\ the character sheet, and the character herself falls into a Harrowing.

x and he dies, she will no longer be able to fulfill that Passion. hi this
would also fall into a Harrowing.

Passions can only be replaced at Storyteller discretion. A wraith who loses
ion, however, falls into the Void, and the character is removed from play.

1 their existences. Pathos powers Arcanoi, heals Corpus damage, and serves
e to wraiths.


A wraith's Pathos Pool often fluctuates, depending on how often he makes use
of his Arcanoi or needs to heal. It is entirely possible for a wraith to find hime
completely out of Pathos; this does not induce a Harrowing, but will leave him mone
or less defenseless until he is able to exercise one or more of his Passions,

All wraiths regain one point of Pathos at the beginning of each night of gameplay

Fetters

Fetters are material objects binding a wraith to the Skinlands. They are, in fact,
part of what makes a lost soul a wraith. Each Fetter represents something, someone
or someplace that was important to the wraith in life. The shot glass with your name
on it, kept behind the counter at your favorite bar, may be a Fetter, but it represents
more than might be immediately apparent; perhaps you spent much of your time
drinking from that very glass, ignoring your family. Take great care in choosing your
Fetters, for they can provide a wealth of information about your character as well as"
a myriad of ideas for potential plots.

A wraith starts off with four Fetters. During character creation he should de-
scribe exactly what each is and what it means to him, This list should then be turned.
cover to the Storyteller. The list of character Fetters ina game should always be acces-
sible to all Narrators and Storytellers; you never know when a Monitor might be on_
the loose.

Fetter are what anchor a wraith to the Skinlands. If any of his Fetters is de-
stroyed, the wraith is Harrowed. Objects that are Fetters should be marked as a
characters who are Fetters should be notified of such, and should either be killed/_
destroyed, a Narrator must be notified immediately. It is then that Narrator's respon-
sibility to find the character connected to the Fetter and lead him to a Harrowing.

A wraith can use his Fetters to heal and to aid in his crossing over the Shroud.
‘The contest necessary to cross the Shroud has its difficulty reduced by three in the
vicinity of a wraith's Fetter.


‘of gameplay by going to a Narrator and announcing his intention. During
= the wraith is unconscious and cannot act, and it is recommended that the
pend those two hours Shadowguiding or helping to create Harrowings. At

the Slumber, the wraith makes an Extended Static Challenge to see if he

Bshis Corpus. A wraith can regain no more than three levels of Corpus through
Slumber.
Ja wraith's Fetters are destroyed, he can no longer visit the Shadowlands for
periods of time. He may remain in the Shadowlands for a number of min-
to his Physical Trait rating at a time.

yer gives a character the extra strength to overcome obstacles and to
others would surrender and fail. Each character begins the game with
Willpower Traits. These Willpower Traits can be used for almost any-

Villpower Traits can be expended to block or resist the actions ofthe Shadow.
illpower Trait can be spent to modify a single aspect of a Harrowing.

llpower allows a character to replenish all lost Traits in any one category:
Social or Mental.
Willpower Trait can be expended to negate the effects of any one Mental

a Willpower Trait has been used, it is gone until the end of the story. At
the character regains all Willpower used during the course of the story.



Chapter Five

Rules

And who can resist such enchantment, even with the knowledge
that itis really a secret evil which gilds our world with wonders, while this
{Same evil may ultimately ruin both those wonders and our world.

— Thomas Ligotti, "The Music of the Moon"

here are times when a player will want to have her character do
something that can't be accomplished through simple
roleplaying, such as attacking another person, picking a lock or
even searching for a file in a computer system. When this hap-

W) pens, you need rules.
Rules are an imperative part of any game; they define what
can and cannot be done. Without them, there would be chaos
f, there would be no limits. Your limitations and parameters help define
and give you a sense of accomplishment when you manage to triumph

hem, and others.

the primary focus of this game is to tell a good story, and it's always best to
it your opponents through roleplaying and manipulation rather than by

ontation. When confrontation does occur, rules are necessary to govern
tions.

in Mind's Eye's Theatre works as it does in real life. It moves forward
and relentlessly. For the most part, everything in Oblivion is played out
time, and players are expected to stay in character unless they have a rules

g the course of a story, it is assumed that a player is always "in charac
should only rarely drop character when interacting with other player


ingso ruins the atmosphere for everyone involved. Challenges may be talked through
but ifa player needs to take a break, he should inform a Narrator. Furthermore, thae
player should not interact with any of the other players while out of character. Nor
knowing if you're dealing with Desmond the Deathlord or your buddy Frank weak
ens the shared illusion of the game.

The only other exception is when a Narrator calls for a "time-out." This maybe
necessary to resolve a dispute or to change the scene if the story calls for it. When
"Time-out!" is called, all players within hearing distance must stop whatever they
are doing until the Narrator calls out, "Resume." Time-outs should be kept to a mini-
mum, since they interrupt the flow of a story.

Challenges

During the course of most stories, there will come a time when two or more
players will come into a conflict that cannot be resolved simply and quickly. It doesn't
matter whether this sort of conflict is a firefight or a test of will. This face-off is called
a challenge. The system for resolving challenges in Oblivion is simple, and in most
cases, a Narrator does not need to be present when a challenge is played.

Roleplaying does not necessarily have to end when a challenge begins. Experi-_
enced players can seamlessly integrate a challenge into their roleplaying so that our
siders don't know that anything unusual is going on. At the player's option, hand
signals can be used to indicate when certain Traits and powers are being employed.

Finally, in order for this system to work, players need to work together. Players
need to educate each other on the rules and agree on what Traits can be used ina
challenge. Compromise and cooperation are the bywords of the game.

The challenge system presented in this chapter is also part of the basic rules for'
the Mind's Eye Theatre system. By combining The Oblivion with other games in"
the series, players can have wraiths interact with vampires, werewolves, mortals and _
other types of characters. This system of challenges is also included in Masquerade"
Second Edition and Apocalypse.

Using Traits

Before you can begin to learn how challenges work, you must first understand
what defines a character's abilities. A character is created by choosing a number of
adjectives that describe and define that person as an individual. These adjectives are
called Traits, and are described in Chapters Three and Four. These Traits are used t0 i
declare a challenge against another character or against a static force represented by
a Narrator.

initial Bid

A challenge begins with a player "bidding" one of her Traits against her OPPO"
nent. At the same time, she must declare what the conditions of the challenge ar
Le, firing a gun.6r attacking with a sword, etc. The deferider must then decide how
she will respond. She can either relent immediately or bid one of her own Traits 1
= ;


nst one another, they may only use Traits that could

When players bid Traits a
ly be used in that situ
aits from the same category as her opponent's Traits. Most challenges are cat-
das Physical, Social or Mental, and all Traits used ina challenge must be from

ion. Essentially, this means a player can usually only

ime category unless it is stated otherwise in the rules concerning specific situa-

Experienced players may offer each other more creative leeway, but that is

fetly by mutual agreement.

Tfthe defender relents, she automatically loses the challenge. For example, if
re being attacked, she would suffer a wound. If she matches the challenger's

the two immediately go to a test (described below). Those Traits bid are put at

fas the loser of the test not only loses the challenge, but the Trait she bid as well.

Example of Play

(Once both parties involved in a challenge have bid a Trait, they immediately go
fest. The test itself is not what you may think — the outcome is random, but no
lordice are used. The two players face off against one another by playing Rock-
EScissors. It may sound a little silly, but it works.

Ifyou lose the test, you lose the Trait you bid, The Trait is lost for the duration
Story (this usually means the rest of the evening). Essentially, you've lost some

Bur self-confidence in your own capabilities. You can no longer use that Trait

tively, at least until you regain confidence in your Traits.

Dhe test works like the moment in poker when the cards are turned over and the
er is declared. There are two possible results: Somebody wins, or there's a tie.

Win the case of a tie, the players must then reveal the number of Traits that they
$ in the category used (Physical, Social or Mental). The player with fewer Traits
Bsthe test and therefore loses the challenge. Note thar the number of Traits you've lost

ious challenges, or lost for any other reason, counts toward this total. The trick to
declaration is that you may lie about the number of Traits you possess, but only by
er Traits than you actually possess — you may never lie and say that you

More Traits than you actually do. This allows you to keep the actual number of
Bt You possess a secret n doing so may be risky. The challenger is always the
Eto declare his number
the challenge is a draw and both players lose the Trait(s) they bid

waits. If both players declare the same number of Traits,


scissors,

ander, whe
clare. He
n. Tanith
the test
ary Corpu

sa firm grip

Incidentally, certain advanced powers allow some characters to use gestures other

than Rock, Paper or Scissors. Before players can use the gestures in a test, they must
explain what they are and how they are used

Rock-Paper Scissors

If you don't happen to know (or remember) what we mean by Rock-Paper.

issors, here's the concept: you and another person face off and, on the count of
three, show one of the three hand gestures. "Rock" is just a basic fist. "Paper" is just
a flat hand. "Scissors" is repre:

nted by sticking out two fingers spread apart from
each other, You then compare the two gestures to determine the winner. Rock crushes

ny

Scissors. Scissors cuts Pape

Adjudication

If you have any questions or arguments about the rules or the conditions of a

er covers Rock. Identical signs indicate a tie.

challenge, you need to find a Narrator to make a jud

nt. Try to remain in charac

ter while looking for a Narrator. Any interruption in the progress of the story should

be avoided, so work problems out with other players if itis at all possible. If you don't

g it
rather than interrupt the flow of the story by hunting down a Narrator. Remember,

while you're out of character looking for help, other characters can't contact you and

do things that they need to do, and the entire effect can snowball. Cooperation is
the key to telling a good story

Complications

There are a number of ways in which a challenge can be complicate:

1. The
above rules are enough to resolve most disputes, but the following rules add a few
bells and whistles.

Negative Traits

Many characters have Negative Traits. These are Traits that can be used against
a character by his opponent. During the initial bid of any challeng
ch bid one Trait, you can call out a Negative Tr

possesses. If your opponent does indeed possess the

after you have

e2

it that you believe your of

Negative Trait, he is then f
dan additional Trait, although you must still only risk your one Trait as usual. If


ative Trait, you must risk an additional Trait. (Pathos

B does not possess that Ne}
pints cannot be used to substitute for Physical Traits in this instance.) You may
grate as many Negative Traits as you wish, one by one, during the initial bid
of a challenge, as long as you can pay the price if you're wrong

If yout opponent does not have additional Traits to bid, then your Trait is not at
during the challenge. Additionally if you guess more than one Negative Trait

your opponent cannot match, you gain that many additional Traits in the case

Sa tie or an overbid. The same effect works in reverse, however, and will favor your

moving
Naive, I'm

ay my

Tt can be risky to bid Negative Traits, but if you're sure about what you're doing,
e the stakes for your opponent, possibly even to the point where she

can ra
ents rather than risking additional Traits. Just make sure your sources of informa-

are dependable.

bidding

Overbidding is the system by which older wraiths and Gaunts (who often have

Once the test has been made, the loser has the option of calling for an "over-
Pin order to call an overbid, you must also risk a new Trait; the original one has
dy been lost. At this point, the two players must reveal the number of Traits
possess, starting with the player who called for an overbid. If you have at least
Buble the number of T
Miay then attempt another test. As with a tie, you can state a number of Traits less }
the actual number you have and keep your true power secret. This can be dan- ,

aits your opponent does in the appropriate category, you


n-player character usually

an Enfant with little experi

twas called, and Bilestoad lost

s abilities, calls for an overbid, The

Nephwra and has 13 Physical
Traits, and he g ; sn't have quite so many

(He's right; the unfortu

Having m vad risks an additional Trait Relentless
("I will never give up as TR y to rend your ¢

pus into bite-sized
chunks."). They do a s« nd this time they tie, Bilestoad clearly has
more Traits and therefore wins. At the end of this challenge, Bilestoad loses the
initial Trait he bid from t ause he overbid, he has won
the challenge, and is Glcactt

rpus. Luca es the initial
Trait bid bec

ond test

Static Challenges

Sometimes you may have to undergo a challe: against a Narrator rather than

against another player, such as when you are trying to pick a lock

or cross the Shroud.
In such circumstances,

you merely bid the Trait that would be appropriate
immediately perform a test against the Narrator. Before the test is made, the Narra

, then

tor decides on the difficulty of the task you are attempting. The test proceeds exactly

as it would if you were testing against another character. Of course, you may overbid

in a static action, but beware, because the Narrator can overbid as well

Example of Play
Jonal r Ter t

ause a ravening pack of Spec
tres is hot or

s Arcanos (specifically Tempest
Threshold), this entails a I ge. Jonah }

bid, bur since |

the Narrator decides t

ix Physical Traits to
and may not be thinking quite clearly, |
win two challenges against the barrier
between the Tempest and tt first Static Chale

' opena
Nihil. Then, with the pack

ond and hopefully final
test agai Narrator, and luckily wins this ell. He opens a Nihil
ftom the inside and throws himself quickly through it, hearing it close behind
him as the discordant baying of the Spectres fades away

Sometimes Narrators may leave notes on
notes indicate the type

as understanding

bjects, such as b ind doors. These

f challenge that must be

y occur (such

contents of a b t)

a door, or ident

ing an artifa

With experience, you may learn how difficult it

difficulty ratings can be as variable as your char acter's Demeanor.


js no real opposition. Simple Tests are often used when using Arcanoi. Most
Tests do not require you to risk or bid Traits, though some may.

) While you can easily and quickly execute many complex actions in Oblivion
‘simple challenges, this is not always the case. Sometimes Abilities — the skills,
ts and knowledges that characters use — are necessary.
Ability allows your character to engage in, if not excel at, a particular type of
that she would not normally be able to attempt. Performing such a task often
es risking Traits. If the character is defeated in the challenge, she may choose to
ily sacrifice a level in the appropriate Ability to call for a retest. While any
ts risked are lost regardless, it is still possible to win the challenge. An Ability lost in
r is recovered at the beginning of the next session. If your character loses all
s in a particular Ability in this manner, she may not use that Ability again until
scovers at least one level (i.e., at the next game session).
Often a challenge of one sort or another accompanies the use of Abilities. The
tor choreographs some of these challenges, not only assigning the relative dif-
of the challenge in Traits but also actually performing the test with you. The
or also sets a difficulty against which the Static Challenge is performed; inter-
the amount of time required to attempt the skill; and possibly even asks that
d to perform the action in question, or that you drop out of play for the
on of the task.
" Also, you can use other Abilities, such as Subterfuge or Melee, directly against
player. This sort of usage rarely requires the assistance of a Narrator. Note
at you may choose Abilities multiple times to represent a high degree of expertise
hat skill or in a broad number of related fields, such as with Performance, Occult

> A character in Oblivion has 10 Health Levels, which can be taken away de-
ling upon what sort of damage she takes and what state of being she was in when

Unlike other dwellers in the World of Darkness, wraiths have two measures of
ir health, or Corpus. These are called Permanent and Temporary Corpus. Tempo
Corpus is how healthy the wraith is currently, while Permanent Corpus indi-
the wraith's maximum number of Corpus Levels. A wraith's Temporary Corpus
never exceed her Permanent; if she has seven levels of Permanent Corpus, she


can never have more than seven levels of Temporary, no matter how much Pathos
she has available to heal with.

When a wraith takes damage from combat or interference from the Skinlands
it is Temporary Corpus that is marked off. If a wraith loses all of her Temporary
Corpus, she falls into a Harrowing (See Chapter Six for more details on Harrowings),
During the Harrowing, it is possible for a wraith to lose Permanent Corpus instead

However, at no other time can a wraith lose Permanent Cory
Each Oblivion character t
Over the course of play Temporary Corpus wil

us.

ns with 10 Permanent and 10 Temporary Corpus,

go up and down, while Permanent
Corpus will probably slowly decrease. There is no way known to replace Permanent
Corpus once it is lost, though there are rumors that certain less scrupulous Usurers
and Masquers have a few leads

Wraiths and Destruction

kill" wraith: I s rrifi mage from the

ther wings, wh ‘ sually fatal. The mor

rellit t t : i 1 dow, Spec

soulshaping t hrashing ir { combat will rarely
Jamag

¢ there are n

e Underworld

night not be able t

2 98-Ib. weaklir

States of Being

Wraiths have different states of Corpus, reflecting how solid they are in the
Skinlands or the Shadowlands. These states are:

© Material — When the wraith is solid in the Skinlands through the use of the
Embody Arcanos. This allows the wraith to take damage as if she were a physical being.

* Corporeal — The normal status of any wraith, intangible to the living but
solid to the Restless

* Incorporeal — When a wraith is damaged by an object in the Skinlands, and her
form becomes misty and indistinct with regards to the lands of the living. Incorporeal

wraiths can still be touched and damanged by other Shadowlands objects and denizens

© Destruction — When a wraith loses all of her Corpus, she is immediately

drawn into the Tempest and pulled into a Harrowing

Substantality and Going incorporeal

Wraiths are normally Corporeal as regards both the Skinlands and Shadow: ands.

hurt (i.¢5

When an object in the Skinlands impacts a wraith with enough energy t


Bier is called "The Rule of Ouch"), then the wraith loses one level ofof Corpus and
Becomes Incorporeal. A wraith touching a wall or having leaf blown ththrough where
pets standing is nor enough to cause Corpus loss and Incorporeality; ; a bullet or a
Gammed door is. In addition, a wraith can voluntarily surrender a levelel of Corpus to
Bincorporeal (by running through a wall, for example)

No matter how severe the impact from the Skinlands, however, the wraiaith never takes
than a single level of Temporary Corpus damage before going Incorpororeal. An Incor
al wraith cannot be affected or touched by anything physical in the Skininlands. He can,
f, be touched and damaged normally by wraiths or objects in the rest st of the Under
"orporeal d or Incorporeal

ia Stygian steel sword will cut a wraith regardless of ifhe is
Weaiths are considered to default to Corporeal status. When a wrvraith goes In
Borporeal, he must indicate his altered status by making the gesture it indicating his

Bw status. Specifically, this consists of clenching the left fist and placacing it at the
ght shoulder. The Narrator determines exactly how longa wraith remmains Incorpo-
fal, Usually the state lasts anywhere from 30 seconds up to three minutes.

Incorporeality and Stuff

vated Damage in the Underworld

(Certain creatures or objects damage wraiths so severely that the € wounds they
led either normally ot easily. These injuries, calleled aggravated

nflict cannot be he:
inds, come from specific sources:

# Weapons made from Stygian steel

® The claws, teeth and other appendages of Spectres.

The clay

fing they enter the Deadlands, or the target wraith is Emb rdied)d)

, teeth of vampires, werewolves and other supernatutural creatures

® The rare substance known as barrow-flame
® Soulfire crystals (crystalized Pathos)
noi's arts (specifically Outrage and U Usury),

© The effects of certain Arc:
The Narrator may also choose to declare a particular nasty injuryry to b

fated damage.

Wraiths can regain one lost point of Temporary Corpus points by>y expendi
ninutes, though at Naiarrator discre-

ing process takes three

n be increased or decreased. Certain Arcanoi can alalso aid in the


healing process. Usury in particular can be used to help restore a wraith's Corpus hy
allowing wraiths to use Pathos from others in order to heal.

Healing aggravated damage costs three Pathos points and one day per level,
The Moliate Arca
himself of aggra

0 (specifically the art called Sculpt) also allows a wraith to

heal

ated damage; for more information on this, see Chapter Four.

Wraiths with Fetters also have the option of Slumber when it comes to healing,

A Slumbering wraith, if she spends eight uninterrupted hours in her Fetter, may

regain as many Corpus Levels of non-aggravated damage as the Narrator thinks ape

propriate. This usually amounts to two or three levels, but more or less can be handed

out as a Narrator deems appropriate. Unless the rest of the characters involved in the
game are also Slumbering, the player whose wraith is Slumbering must sit out of
game to represent her time in her Fetter. However, this does not mean that she must
leave the game. Instead, she can, if she and the Narrator choose, still be active in the

game by playing a nonplayer character or helping out the Narrator with Storytelling,

A Note on umbering

rand isn '
assing wraith, the Fe
rks for Ferters th
f a Ferre
nly

Willpower

Willpower gives a character the extra strength to overcome obstacles and to
Each character begins the game with

succeed where others would surrender and fail
a number of Willpower Traits. These Willpower Traits can be used for almost any
thing that the player deems important (and that a Narrator deems acceptable). For

example:
© Willpower can be used to power certain Arcanoi
© Willpower Traits can be expended to block or resist the actions of the Shadow:

* A Willpower Trait can be spent to modify a single aspect of a Harrowing

© Willpower allows a character to replenish all lost Traits in any one catego!
Social or Mental.

ate the effects of any one Mental

© A Willpower Trait can be expended to ne
or Social Challenge.
Once a Willpower Trait has been used, it is gone until the end of the story. At

this time, the character regains all Willpower used during the course of the story:

Mob Scene

During the course of many stories, you are inevitably going to be d
e involved. Multi-party challen

de

rawn into®
ges can

challenge in which several people want to

be confusing, but if you follow these simple much

ines, you shouldn't have


| These rules are most useful in combat situations, but they can be used with
iny sort of group challeng
The first thing you need to do is decide who is challenging whom. This is usu-
, but when it's not, you need a quick way to work things out. Simply have
involved count to three at the same time, On three, each player points at
dual he is challenging.
first challenge that must be resolved involves the person who has the most
ointing at him. Determine what the appropriate category of Traits would be
cal, Social or Mental. Each player pointing at the defender must bid one
te Trait. This group must also choose a leader. The defender must bid as
its as there are people opposing him. If he does not have enough Traits to
automatically loses the challenge. If he does have enough Traits, a test is
between the defender and the chosen leader of the attackers. The rest of
inge continues as normal, although any comparison of Traits or overbid-
only be done by the group leader.
defender wins the test, he is unharmed, but he can choose to affect one
of the attacking group. Usually, as in the case of a combat, this would mean
gone wound. Additionally, all the Traits bid by the attackers are lost. If the
$ win, they may inflict one wound, and the defender loses all the Traits he
the first challenge is concluded, go on to the next one. Continue the
§ until each character who has declared an action has been the target of a
inge or has donated Traits.

of Challenges

Some people question exactly what a player can respond with when he has been
|. Typically, if someone initiates a Physical Challenge, the defender can
nd with Physical Traits, unless he possesses an Arcanos or some other
ich is considered to be always active. He cannot respond with the use of

that are not active or another Ability until after the first challenge has been
. Social and Mental Challenges work the same way.

air Escape is a simple rule that allows players to escape from poten-
tially deadly situations without actually vaulting over tables or charg-
ing headlong out of a room, possibly causing harm to themselves or
others. This rule also allows players to avoid combat without going
through cumbersome challenges to see if they can "get away."

When you use this rule, you can call "Fair Escape" any-
time you see another player approaching with whom you do
not wish to interact. Once you call "Fair Escape," you may leave
€a without being pursued. There are several guidelines which must be followed
Using this rule, however:

You may not use the Fair Escape rule if the person approaching is nearby
conversational distance). In such cases, you must initiate a challenge. Use


common sense in places where there is a great deal of noise and conversational di
tance is reduced to a minimum (e.g., a nightclub).

* Situations which involve an ambush (all exits are blocked, or the target jg
surrounded) may negate the use of Fair Escape. Again, use common sense. 7

© A character with Argos (Enshroud) may employ Fair Escape at any time be:
fore a challenge has been initiated. Characters with sufficient knowledge of Argog_
may also use Fair Escape to make a getaway into the Tempest.

These guidelines are intended to quicken play, not to obstruct it. Always tryto
use common sense when employing Fair Escape.

Additional Systems

his section discusses some of the additional rules and complicay
tions that sometimes come into play in Oblivion. It also de:
Ht scribes some different systems for resolving character interaee
tions, However, this is more of a set of options than of rul
There is nothing contained in the next several pages that you
need to know, only things that you might want to know. These
additional systems can add more depth and detail to your game,
or you can just ignore them and run with the basics. 7

he basic challenge system used in Oblivion has already been

presented earlier in the chapter. This section contains a few

basic modifications to the combat system and elaboration on itt,

Combat is the usual intent behind Physical Challenges.

W) Essentially, combat involves two characters in physical cone

flict. The players agree what the outcome of the challenge will

be, each player bids an appropriate Trait, and a test is resolve

to determine the victor. The following rules allow for val

tions on those basic rules, such as situations using surprise or weapons.

The agreed outcome of a Physical Challenge usually involves the loser bein
injured. This is not, however, the only possible result. Wraiths can attempt to diss
arm, immobilize, pin, trip, or arm wrestle each other without causing actual
damage. The only necessity is that both participants agree what the outcome of the
challenge will be, depending upon who wins it. Bear in mind that the desired result
of a combat challenge can be different for both participants, particularly if only ane
party is actually interested in fighting. For example, a hungry Spectre may wish ©
attack a lost wraith who has no clue as to his whereabouts and who simply wishes
escape. The two do a Physical Challenge, and in doing so set the stakes: The Spectt
wishes to claw at the wraith, while the wraith wants to flee as quickly as possible: I
the Spectre wins, the wraith's flight has been checked by the Shado Eater's 29
sault. If the wraith wins, the Spectre's strike misses and the wraith escapes.
Ic falls to players to police themselves so that the outcomes of challenges are iM
keeping with the rest of the game. Initiating a challenge with "I Brutally attempt!


pe ALE Le ce
ies Rules
your Corpus, sending the rest of you down into a Harrowing while |

our wraithly skull as a souvenir," is excessive, and any player who does so
H be called on his overenthusiasm immediately.

xcessive Sneakiness

player does not respond within three seconds of the declaration of a Physical
the player is considered surprised. By not responding, he is demonstrating
isnot fully prepared for what's coming. Sometimes a player is busy with another
doesn't hear a challenge, or is just playing a character who isn't prepared for the
fa Victim of a sneak attack, or perhaps just an exceedingly clueless wraith). Re-
to an attack is defined by answering the attacker's Challenge in kind; saying,
aminute, I'll be with you as soon as I'm done over here," doesn't qualify, unfortu-
f- On the other hand, any challenge issued must be both coherent and audible, and
tbe made from excessive distance or in such a way that the environment of the
Hf prevents the challenge from being heard clearly.
irprise simply means that the only a surprised defender can be harmed by the
Of the first challenge in a fight. The challenger, fully aware of what's going
Bnot be harmed during a challenge when she has surprise. In other words, even
der wins a challenge when she is surprised, all she does is prevent herself
ing damage. The attacker merely has her assault stymied and does not take
pus damage. Furthermore, if the challenger loses the test, by risking another
can call fora second challenge. With this second challenge, however, play
BS to the usual mode, and winners and losers are determined as normal
prise is only in effect for the first challenge of a conflict; all further chal

are resolved normally
iF

Oeal weapons are ever allowed in Mind's Eye Theatre games, for obvious rea-
nonfunctional props are forbidden with no ifs, ands or buts. The Mind's Ey
System does not use props of any kind, nor are players required (or allowed) even
One another. Weapons are purely an abstraction in this game. Weapon card:
Shidisplay the facts and statistics of a particular weapon, should be used instead of any
pthat even vaguely resemble the real thing. Alll of the weapon's in-game statistics
ibe written on the card. As for the rest, imagination will have to suffice. If you can
yourself to be an avenging wraith, you certainly should have no trouble imagin-
steel dagger or a relic pistol in your hand


A weapon gives its wielder extra Traits. Sometimes this advantage is offset by a
disadvantage in terms of a Negative Trait. Each weapon has one to three extra Traits
these may be used in any challenge in which the weapon is employed. These Traits
cannot be used in place of your Traits when placing your initial bid. Instead, they add to
your total when comparing Traits, such as in case of a tie during a test or an overbid, In
addition, some weapons have special abilities that can be employed. The damage a weapon
inflicts is limited only by mutual agreement, although it is generally assumed that an,
injury incurred from a blow reduces the target's Temporary Corpus by a single level.

Disadvantages are weaknesses inherent to the weapon. These can be used by
the wielder's opponent in precisely the same way as Negative Traits are used against
an individual. The weapon's Negative Traits can only be used against the wielder of
that weapon, even in the middle of a mob scene. Furthermore, Negative Traits for a
weapon must be appropriate to the situation. Trying to use a relic pistol's Negative
Trait of Loud won't work if your assailant has acquired a relic silencer.

If a Negative Trait of your weapon is named by your opponent, and that Trait
applies to the situation, you suffer a one Trait penalty (i.¢., you are required to risk an
additional Trait). If your opponent calls out a Negative Trait of your weapon that
doesn't apply to the situation, he takes a one Trait penalty instead.

Statistics for weapons are written on cards and carried along with your charac-
ter sheet. Weapon cards specify the capacities of each weapon. Weapon cards allow
other players to see that you actually possess a weapon — when you have a weapon
card in your hand, you are considered to be holding the weapon. Each weapon has a
concealability rating. If the weapon is not concealable, you must display that card at
all times. Plus, weapons cards must be carried in a manner consistent with the weapon
they represent. Soulforged claymores can't be pulled out of pockets, and relic
submachine guns don't fit up a sleeve. Instead, cards for non-concealable weapons
must be kept in hand at all times or, optionally, pinned to your shirt (which indicates
that the weapon is slung over your shoulder).

Some weapons have special abilities, such as causing extra levels of damage or
affecting more than one target. Ifa weapon has this sort of ability, the exact details of
how it functions will be written on the weapon card.

Bidding Traits with Weapons

During a normal hand-to-hand fight, you bid your Physical Traits against your
opponent's. However, if you are using the Firearms Ability, you use Mental Traits
instead. If your opponent is also using a firearm, he will bid Mental Traits as well. If
your opponent is not using a firearm and is merely trying to dodge, then you use
Mental Traits to attack, while she uses her Physical Traits to dodge. This is one of the
few instances when Traits from different Attributes will be used against one another.

Ranged Combat

Many weapons allow you to stand at a distance from a target and engage him in
combat. In such situations, you still go over to the target player (after shouting
"Bang!") and engage in a challenge.

Ifyou have surprised your opponent, even if you lose the first test, you have the
option of calling for a second test. Once the second challenge is called, play resumes


Weapon Examples

¢ Knife — This easily concealed weapon is very common in both relic and
tifact form.

Concealability: Pocket
* Club — This can he anything from a chair leg to a length of pipe
Bonus Traits:
ve Traits: Clumsy
ity: Jacket
* Broken Bottle — A good example of a weapon made from scratch. Often
ics of this type are found near bars, restaurants and college campuses.

Bonus Traits: |

e Tr

* Sword — This long, edged blade is nearly impossible to conceal. Most are

ulforged, a8 opposed to found

Bonus Trait:

ity: Trenchcoat

* Scythe — Wickedly curved and mounted on a long wooden shaft, a scythe
he weapon of choice of Ferrymen. In the right hands it can be deadly

Bonus Traits: 4

Negative Traits: Clumsy

Concealability: Not applicable

© Crossbow — Ranged weapons with a great deal of shocking power, cross-
ws have no shortage of ammunition in the Underworld

Bonus Traits: 2

lability: Trenchcoat

Special Ability: A crossbow may not be used in consecutive challenges dur-

v combat. Instead, the crossbow must be alternately fired and reloaded.

* Pistol — This covers any sort of handgun. Relic guns are relatively com-
.on, but in the Shadowlands ammunition is relatively rare:

Bonus Traits: 2

Negative Traits: Loud

Concealability: Pocket

* Rifle —This type of weapon is impossible to conceal, and its usability also
itfers from the ammo shortage in the Underworld,


to)

Weapon Examples Continued

other hand, shorg artridges are extraordinarily rare on the

Concealability: Trenchcoat
A shotgun may affect up to three targets if they are standin
her and are further than 10 feet fro: person firing the shot
gun, This is re t challenge against a group. The attacker's Trait
are risked against the entire g « are performed (or
test fore get). In this fashion ound up to three opponet
imultaneously ina single challenge Trait risked by the attacker is used
against all three opponents. If any of ee opponents win, the attacker k
that Trait. However, that Trait still applies to all three tests within thar grour
challenge. Thus, a character can challenge up to three opponents while on!
isking one Trait with this Also, as cause two Health Level
of damage
* Submachine Gun conceal, this weapon is ver
Bonus Traits: 3
Negative Traits: Loud
Concealability: Jack
Special Ability: A submachine g y affect up to five targets if they'r
immediatel 1 other and are further than 10 feer from the
person firing the submachine gun. This is resolved with a single challenge against

1 group (as described under the section on shots

1 for the first attack, and if he has no

ranged weapon with which to return fire, he is considered "surprised" for as long a8

n attack him without facing resistance. In other words, until an close the

youc

if you win a challenge, your

distance to your assailant and attack hand-te

1 roof

away with a semi-automatic fron

attacker will rake no damage. If he's

top across the way, odds are your sword isn't going to help you much

ttack and has

If your target is aware of you before you make your initial range
a ranged weapon of his own, he is not considered surprised for your first attack. He
alle

attempt to return fire (assuming he is armed). The loser of a firefight challenge loses

it away, and your challen

may shoot back ri;

After your first shc ired (the first c is resolved), your target 0

a Health Level.

is unarmed, he may declare his victory condition as escape (pO
th hallenge, the attacker is still
out before the

Je for
made fo

If the defe

Jefender wins the

viding he is not cornered).

unharmed, but his ta m view and must be searche

get has hidden

attack can be pressed. In instances such as this, a new challenge cannot be

five minutes.


Fighting with hand-to-hand weapons — clubs, knives or swords — requires

batants be within reach of each other. Fighting with ranged weapons allows

patants to stand apart; participants can therefore "dive for cover." When you

‘each ranged combat challenge, if it is applicable you can present one Trait of

i to add to your total number of Traits. These cover Traits may not be used for

fg) but they do add to your total if Traits are compared. This cover can take the

lof whatever obstacles are around and within reach of you (you shouldn't actu-

fe for them — remember the No Running rule). A Narrator might be required

what cover can be found in the vicinity, but if the combatants know the

‘can agree upon what cover is available. In some instances, there may be no
around, leaving a combatant in the open with only his own defensive Traits
[feover is extensive, such as the brick wall of a relic warehouse, perhaps it may

h more than one Trait's worth of cover. The number of Traits available for

fis left for challengers to agree, or for a Narrator to decree. Hiding behind a car,
nple, might be worth two cover Traits, while hiding behind a thin wall might

tas one. If one combatant goes completely to ground — he cannot be seen

Wand is thoroughly protected — he is considered impossible to hit. The attacker

ange his position in order to get another clear shot.

Wraiths also have the ability to go Incorporeal, which can greatly change the

firefight is played out. If there is Skinlands cover around for a wraith to hide

fdyshe can use that to her advantage. If she is willing to lose a Corpus Level and

ficorporeal, she can poke her head and weapon hand through the wall while
Ag most of her Corpus in relative safety. This sort of cover adds another Trait
ison purposes, though that Trait cannot be used for bidding.


Abilities

cing one ofthe Restless Dead does have itsadvantages. Though
life may have fled, certain abilities denied mortals are granted

to those who walk on the other side ofthe Shroud. These ail
ties that all wraiths possess are: |

@'Deathsight — Wraiths see the taint of death ani
(Oblivion everywhere' they look,' Oblivien's influence coli
everything in the Shadowlands; a new building shows signs.of
filth and mild distepair, statues appear chipped and crumbling,

and people who are close to death have a corpselike pallor. Wraiths can usei¢i

ability to gain insight into an object's weak points ora living peron's general healt

A Static Mental Challenge will indicate how healthy or sturdy a person or object i

toa wraith using this power.

 Lifesight — Wraiths are also able to see the auras of living (and certain
unliving) things. This ability, when exercised properly, allows a wraith to gauge the
mood, identity and level of hostility of the owner of the aura being observed. Bj
winning'a Static Mental Challenge with a difficulty equal to the carger's number ofl

Mental Traits, you may demand that the target answer one of the following sorts of

questions honestly: "What is your Demeanor?", "What is your current emotional ll

state (brief summary)", "Was the last thing you said a lie?", or "What sort of creature

are you?" (human, Kindred, Garou, mage, spirit, faerie, mummy, etc.). This ability
cannot be used consecutively on the same target.

© Sharpened Senses — Alll wraiths are hypersensitive to sensory input. A wraithis
can hear a whisper a block away or read a license plate off a speeding car with ease

At Narrator discretion, a wraith can make a Static Mental Challenge to pick up/a

visual, aural or olfactory detail that might otherwise have been missed. However the

drawback to this ability is that loud noises or bright lights can startle or daze wraith
temporarily, so that if the Static Challenge is failed, the wraith is considered to bey
stunned by the overload. A stunned wraith will be unable to move or act for the nexe
minute, though she will remain Corporeal unless damaged.

Skinlands and Shroud
eZ ost of the time, wraiths will interact with each other. As aa
\ fa) as the wraiths who are dealing with each other are on. the same
plane of existence (i.e., both in both in the Tempest
both in the Shadowlands, etc.), interactions take place as NO
mal. Even if a wraith is dealing with a visitor to the Under
world, such as a very lost Garou or mage, things proceed more
‘de les smoothly ae long 23 everyone involved is on: hema
side of the Shroud.
However, wraiths sometimes need to deal with things in the Skinls
lands of the living are separated from the Deadlands by a membrane of fe

called the Shroud, this can be problematic. Reaching through levels of reality
more difficult than reaching across a table, after all.

ds, As they
r and hate |
is far"

1


=

Chapter Five: ule

Oblivion

Oblivion

)) Depending upon surroundings and circumstance, the Shroud in a given area
thave a rating from 4 to 10. The creepier and more eerie the setting, the lower the
proud. A deserted mansion at midnight will have a much lower Shroud rating than
d car lot on a sunny afternoon. The local Shroud rating is the difficulty of the
tatic Mental Challenge that a wraith must succeed at before directly affecting some-
Bor something in the Skinlands with an Arcanos. This affects certain Arcanoi,
has Outrage and Pandemonium, far more than others like Argos and Castigate.
The difficulty of the Static Challenge can be affected by a variety of factors. If the
ith is attempting to affect one of her Fetters directly, she gains an automatic retest, and
@ Trait risked in the first test is not lost. If the second test is failed, then the Trait is lost.
P Hf the desired effect is in the vicinity of a wraith's Fetters, if she loses the first
Bhyshe loses the Mental Trait but can immediately retest. Wraiths who are attempt-
Ig tO Operate across the Shroud somewhere other than near their Fetters do not
Sthe option of retesting for five minutes.
§ Additionally, if a wraith is in a Haunt, she automatically gains a Mental Trait
¢an be bid for purposes of crossing the Shroud). Haunts and the local Shroud
fing of in-game common areas should be posted prominently. Otherwise, the local
bOud rating always defaults to an 8
} Once the initial success in the challenge has been made, repeated tests need not be
Me for the duration of the scene. The wraith is considered to have penetrated the
d sufficiently not to need to be continually poking and prodding at it
P Embodied wraiths need not make this additional challenge to use Arcanoi or
HetWise affect the Skinlands, as they are already across the Shroud.

Tempest

= he Tempest is primarily a travel realm in most games of Oblivion.
al k.'S3y) Traveling through the Tempest takes less time that moving

\ 4 through the Shadowlands, though it can be far more danger-

x p
BAA || ous. There are safe routes and shortcuts through the endless
HISif4| storm, but there is also the possibility of Spectre attack, not to
B8hic]) mention simply getting lost

A?


Travel Over Short Distances

Assuming that the wraith leading a Circle through the Tempest has sufficient Argos,

travel over short distances is simple. (For rules on crossing into and out of the Tempest,

see Argos in Chapter Four.) Wraiths who are traveling through the Tempest simply make
the hand signal for such travel — hands clasped behind the head — and move to their
destination. When they decide to pop out of the Tempest in accordance with the rules of
Argos, they simply drop the sign.

Wraiths in the Tempest can't see out into the Shadowlands, and players moving
through the storm should bear this in mind. Likewise, wraiths in the Shadowlands
cannot see into the Tempest without the Argos ability Tempestpeek

Wraiths can obtain surprise by popping out of the Tempest at opportune mo-
ments. However, where they end up can be something of a crapshoot

Long Distance Voyages
Traversing long distances in the Tempest is an entirely different matter than
simply hopping a few hundred feet: While most Oblivion games will take place in'

relatively limited geographic area (i.e., the field of play will be a single city's

Necropolis) and thus have no need for long distance travel, there will be the occa
sional wraith wishing to journey to Stygia or beyond

Wraiths wishing to sojourn an extensive distance in the Tempest must make a
Static Mental Challer
are on a relatively safe path to their destination, and should be taken out of play by

once in the storm to locate a Byway. If they succeed, they

the Narrator for a length of time corresponding to the duration of the trip. During

this time, the traveling character is consider

» be safe on a Ferryman-patrolled
Byway, unless the Storyteller specifically wishes to create an in-game Byway setting for

incidences like Spectre attacks, Byway robberies, etc

If a wraith cannot locate a Byway, then she is considered to be lost in the Tem:
but

pest. By expending a point of Pathos, she can ret

and attempt to find a Bywa
once the Pathos is gone, she will simply find herself floating in the Tempest until

either a Harbinger or a Spectre comes along

Wraiths with Argos can navigate the Tempest without the aid of a Byway. By
succeeding on a Simple Test, Harbingers can find wraiths who are lost in the Tem-


Time and Distance

Destination Time
wlands Tempest Meetpoint 15 minutes
lowlands Stygia 30 minutes
dowlands Far Shores 2 hours
lowlands Labyrinth 1 hour
pest Meetpoint Stygia 15 minutes
pest Meetpoint Far Shores 105 minutes
apest Meetpoint Labyrinth 15 minutes
Far Shores 90 minutes
Labyrinth 30 minutes
ores Labyrinth L hour
rinth Shadowlands 90 minutes
rinth Stygia 45 minutes
rinth Far Shores 90 minutes
inth Tempest Meetpoint 30 minutes
\ Tempest Meetpoint is not a specific place. Rather, it's just an agreed-upon
ting point in the storm known to all participants
I's always quicker to head toward the Labyrinth (ie., with the Entropy gradi-

xt in the Tempest) than away from it

Maelstroms

Mo:
pest come

Wraith cat

Outside in a Maelstrom
Level. Furthermore, St
Stranded out

Thines to Do in the Tempest When You re Dead

Being taken out of play while your character cruises a Byway doesn't sound
ike fun. On the other hand, it does present an opportunity to partake in a whole
ther aspect of the game: Shadowguiding.

Ir is recommended that while a wraith is incommunicado in the Tempest,

+ player take a turn at playing a wandering Shadowguide. This eases the load
11 Narrators, keeps thingy interesting for players, and precludes the possibility of
having lots of bored Tempest-travelers hanging around our-of- game

For more information on Shadowguiding, see Chapter Six


10 minutes before a Maelstrom breaks, any wraith outside can make a Static
Mental Challenge to see if she notices the coming storm. Many Necropoli also have
early warning systems set up, but knowing that a Maelstrom is coming and being able
to reach shelter in time are two very different things.

Experienice
I've seen too much
I've heard enough...
A little innocence always seems to go ‘long the way
— Cock Robin, "A Little Innocence"
s time passes, people (living or dead) grow and learn. They
acquire new skills, talents and knowledge. To reflect that, char
acters in Oblivion receive Experience Traits as they sojourn
through the afterlife. The more they see and do, the more they
know and know how to do, and Experience Traits reflect this.
While Experience Traits themselves do nothing, they can
be traded in for other, more useful characteristics. A sufficient
number of Experience Traits can be swapped for new Passions,
Fetters, Pathos, Willpower, Traits, Abilities and even Arcanoi. When you want to
swap Experience Traits for something else, simply inform your Storyteller what you're
buying and how much Experience you're cashing in.


‘Different characteristics cost different amounts of Experience.
New Attribute Trait — One experience point per Trait.
"e New Ability — One experience point per Ability Trait.
"© New Arcanos — Two experience points for Innate Abilities, four for Basic
six for Intermediate Arcanoi and nine for Advanced Arcanoi. Being ap-
within a Guild (see Guild Status, p. 137) reduces the cost by one for all
levels except Innate Abilities.
New Willpower — Three experience points per Trait.
"© Buy off Negative Trait — Two experience points per Trait.
New Background — One experience point per Influence Trait, with Story-

st approval.
'* Pathos — Two Traits per experience point.

ing Experience
Sharacters gain one Experience Trait at the end of each game. In addition,
lers have the option of handing out additional Experience to players as well
«ceptional roleplaying. Players should always gain at least one Experience Trait
ss they really, truly, vehemently prove that they do not deserve it (say, by spend-
game playing a Spectre who says nothing but, "Bgrk! Bork! Bork!").
ise, participation is enough to grant some Experience.



Chapter Six
The Shadow

Passive yet abusive
Tearing out the heart in utter silence

J) hadowguiding is an essential part of any game of Oblivion, for
| the Shadowguide serves to express the dark urges of a wraith's
lower self — the voice inside his head trying to lead the wraith
into the Void. The Shadow is violent and selfish, cunning and
cowardly — the ultimate combination of the office snitch and
Ai) the schoolyard bully. It can be quieted but never stilled, and
occasionally it can even take over. In that instance, called
tharsis, the wraith's true personality is suddenly shunted to the
his own mind, imprisoned as the Shadow controls their shared body.

player, during character creation, will generate a Shadow sheet detailing all of
dow's characteristics and Traits, as well as anything pertinent she wishes to add
her Shadows habits and history. This card should be kept handy at all times during
, as the player will need the card to keep track of her Temporary Angst Traits
ore, there is the possibility of a Shadowguide appearing on the scene and re-
the Shadow sheet; such requests cannot be refused.


Each player has a
Archetype, Thorns, Dark Passions and Angst (Perma-
nent and Temporary). Narrators on Shadow duty simply wander the

sheet detailing her Shadow'

me, finding
wraiths whom they think are due for some attention from their dark side. When a
suitable wraith is found, the Narrator taps her on the shoulder and asks her to hand
over her §

hadow sheet temporarily. Narrators can concentrate on one wraith, or can
take the part of the Shadows of an entire group.

While Shadowguiding, a Narrator should generally whisper in the ear of the
wraith she is tormenting. No one can hear the Shadow's words except the wraith, so
none of the other players should hear them as well. A Shadowguide should never
touch the wraith she's dealing with, nor should she address any other players directly,
but she can interrupt gameplay to announce the effect of a Thorn.

Shadowguiding Dos and Don'ts
© Avoid annoying the player whose Shadow you control. Shadow the charac-
ter, not the player.

* Choose your opportunities for temptation carefully. Rather than broadsiding
players with general enticements, fi

ind out what makes them tick and exploit those

weaknesses at appropriate times.
© Don't focus your Shadowguiding too much on one character. There are a lot
of wraiths itching for temptation out there; if you spend too much time on one, his

player is going to feel persecuted

© Embarrassing another player is not fun for anyone. Try to avoid abusing your
power as Shadowguide to cause discomfort to the player.

¢ Find out if the player whose Shadow you control has a problem dealing with
certain topics or phobias, and avoid those when you are acting as

lowguide. Do
not spoil the game for another player.

© Keep in mind that the Shadow you are playing is a small part of a larger game, and
try to keep your actions directed to increasing the drama and enjoyment of the game

© Remember that the player of a wraith's Psyche controls her character regard-
less of whether or not the Psyche or the Shadow is dominant. Do not attempt to play

someone else's character just because you are playing her Shadow.
© Try to make your Shadow's words and actions entertaining as well as effective.

Others are watching what you do.

ky Situation
idelined

ility, and there is
pposition te

chic Torment

The Shadow has only one long-term goal — to be united with Oblivion — but

's the little matter of the wraith's dominant personality and how to deal with

at. While the Shadow may seem helpful on occasion, its ultimate goal never wavers.
ver, there are a variety of stratagems that Shadows will employ (from offering

and then withdrawing it at crucial moments, to promising quiet in exchange for
in actions, to all-out 24/7 war), and not every Shadow wants to get the battle
t with quickly. After all, it can be so much more fun to take years to achieve
jption artistically, to send all of the wraiths' friends screaming to the Void first...
that in mind, Shadow behavior can realistically be seen to run the gamut.

Stand back, get back
She'll paint your blue skies black
— Simple Minds, "She's A River"
Angst represents the degree of pain and isolation a wraith feels, and it also
nts the strength of a wraith's Shadow. Angst comes in two varieties: Tempo-
and Permanent. Permanent Angst is the hold that the Shadow has gained on
he wraith's soul, while Temporary is merely a measure of how much negative energy
ind emotion the wraith has at the moment. Permanent Angst changes slowly and
ys increases; Temporary Angst goes up and down during the course of gameplay.
Ifa Shadow gains 10 Temporary Angst Traits in an evening, it has the option of
fading them in for either one permanent Angst Trait or a scene of Catharsis (see
slow). If a wraith's Permanent Angst Traits ever reach 10, she has given in perma-
tly to her Shadow and succumbed to Oblivion. Such wraiths may become Spec-
but they must vanish into the Tempest for the period of transformation.


Gaining Angst

There are several ways the Shadow can gain Angst:

© Dark Passions — If a Shadow is able to manipulate the Psyche or other wraiths
into expressing one of its Dark Passions, it can call for a Simple Test. If the Shadow wins,
a point of Temporary Angst is acquired. A tie indicates a retest until one side or the other
actually wins. This method is only pertinent if the Shadow is actually being guided,
Otherwise, Angst can only be gained from Dark Passions during Catharsis. This is done
in the same manner in which a wraith gains Pathos from her regular Passions.

* Arcanoi — Some Arcanoi give the Shadow Temporary Angst points even if
the Psyche is dominant.

Note: If the Shadow is dominant and uses an Arcanos that normally gives the
Psyche Temporary Angst, that Angst is lost instead.

© Roleplaying — Ifa player does an excellent job at Catharsis, a Storyteller can
(with player permission) give the Shadow a point of Temporary Angst. Such supe-
rior roleplaying should also be rewarded with extra Experience.

Losing Angst

There are: several ways the Shadow can lose Angst:

© Castigation — This Arcanos is designed to weaken the power a Shadow holds
over a wraith by reducing the wraith's Angst. Unless a wraith is using the advanced
level of Castigate, Defiance, he cannot Castigate himself.

© Arcanoi — When the Psyche is dominant, some Arcanoi give a wraith Angst.
If the Shadow is dominant, these Arcanoi reduce the Shadow's Angst instead. This
does not, however, mean that Pathos or Willpower is gained when the Shadow uses
those Arcanoi. Only Angst is affected in this manner.

© Failing any test — The Shadow cannot stand to see its own failure. For every
two tests lost during Catharsis, the Shadow loses one point of Temporary Angst

There is no way known to reduce Permanent Angst. Both Temporary and Permanent
‘Angst should be tracked on the Shadow sheet, and it is vital that this be kept current.

Dark Passions

Shadows cannot understand the "higher" emotions like love, hope and joy. In-
stead, the Shadow only understands the "baser" emotions like hate and anger. Anger
and hate can also be a Psyche's Passions, but the Shadow's flavors of rage and loath-
ing tend to be more vicious and less honest.

With this in mind, Shadows have Dark Passions which, when they are in con~
trol, they can fulfill to gain Angst. When a Shadowguide is present, the Shadow can
also manipulate his Psyche into invoking base emotions that feed his Dark Passions
in others, as well. Dark Passions for the Shadow are chosen in the same way that
Passions are picked for the wraith, and they are phrased in the same way. Sample
Dark Passions include:

© Hate: Destroy other wraiths

Betray a friend to the Hierarchy

Burn down the city


* Fear: Hide from all Shadowlands involvement
Declare a love that you couldn't before
Help your true love find someone else
Greed: Steal all of your friends' relics
Tum wraiths over to the forges for coin
"Destroy treasures of the living to make them relics
¢ Lust: Get cheap, violent thrills from the living
Manipulate the Quick to satisfy your voyeurism
Jealousy: Prevent your successor from surpassing your achievements
Kill your lover's new flame
Bring down all wraiths of higher Status
© Despair: Get others to fall to Oblivion
Convince other wraiths to give up their struggle against the other factions
Talk the Quick into committing suicide
© Self-Loathing: Drive yourself into a Harrowing
Self-flagellate in public
Drive away your friends and loved ones
In any scene where a Shadow or Shadowguided wraith evokes a negative emo-
mn in someone else, the player makes an Extended Simple Test to see if her baser
de can sympathize with the emotions of those around her. Only a win in a Simple
sst will feed the Shadow Angst, though each win gives the Shadow another Trait. If
tor is present, she must approve the Angst gain by verifying the sincerity of
motion felt or invoked. If no Narrator is present, the consent of all players
esent is necessary for a test against a Dark Passion.
| Drawing Angst from inchoate negativity doesn't always work, and it helps if
mething is focusing the less pleasant emotions. When a wraith (usually in Cathar-
‘but also when being Shadowguided) is directly involved in following the dictates
this Dark Passion, his dark side can gain strength rapidly. In cases where the wraith
literally pursuing one of her Dark Passions (in the judgment of a Narrator), an
ded Simple Test allows the wraith to continue to retest and gain Angst if she
es at any point. Note that continuing to test for Angst is not optional.
Dark Passions, unlike Passions, do not fade if ignored. Dark Passions can never
Numbed, and cannot be removed by any means.

henever a Shadow's Temporary Angst reaches 10 points, the
Shadow can attempt to take over the wraith. This is called
Catharsis. By expending five of its Temporary Angst points,
the wraith's Shadow takes control of their shared Corpus and
{| imprisons the Psyche in a tiny comer of its mind. For all in-
tents and purposes, the Shadow is the wraith at that point, and
it peers out at the world through Oblivion-tinted glasses. How-
ever, the wraith's player still plays her character, even when


Shadow-ridden, To the wraith's friends, she will probably appear no different than
she did before, and they will probably not know that she is in Catharsis. This allows
the Shadow to do all sorts of vicious things: start rumors, incite feuds between
Circlemates, plan and carry out acts of treachery, let Spectres in the b

ck door, drop
favorite relics down Nihils, and generally cut loose with pure malice.

When the Shadow is dominant, it interacts with the world the only way it
suse of the Psyche's Arcanoi, gains more Temporary Angst through
its Dark Passions, and uses any of the Thorns it possesses. It cannot cause the Psyche

knows how. It mal

to regain Pathos, nor can it reduce a cha

acter's Pathos or Willpower Traits below 1

harsis is a threat that the S

Usually hadow uses to get its way from time to time.

When a Shadow takes control, it can choose to

ut off" a Psyche from his senses,
thereby allowing the Shadow perform acts in secret that can later come back to
haunt the character.

Catharsis lasts for a single scene or half an hour, whichever comes first. Players
are not permitted to end scenes artificially (say, by scurrying out of the room into the
hallway for 30 seconds, then returning) just to end Catharsis.

cisions, Decisions

ons. Sometimes it's to lull the wraith into a false
th hooked on
| help that will be pulled away at the last minute, sometimes it's

imitable

sense of security, sometimes it's to get the wra

just plain perversity. In any case, there will be times when the
hadow will offer its assistance. These moments are marked by
hadow Bids.

low Bid, a player substitutes a Temporary Angst Trait for the
Trait that ought to be bid at the beginning of any challenge or test. If the wraith
loses, the Temporary Angst Trait is lost and the wraith cannot Shadow Bid for an-
other two hours. If the wraith wins or ties, he gains an additional Temporary Angst

Trait

hadows are built just as characters are, with characteristics and
Traits. Here are explanations of what those characteristics are,
as well as expanded definitions of what some of them are. The
Shadow, unlike the Psyche, is only a partial personality; hence
it has fewer characteristics. Some have already been detailed:
Angst and Dark Passions. Others, including the Shadow Ar-
chetype and Thorns, are below.

| Just as each wraith has a face she shows to the world, each Shadow does as well.
Shadow's Archetype combines Nature and Demeanor, as the Shadow has so

type is at the same time its personality and its plan of attack, its way of dealing

and destroying the Psyche.
There is no rules application for a Shadow Archetype outside of a Harrowing. It
ts as a roleplaying aid and a way to draw a more complete picture of who

_ Shadow Archetypes include:

© The Abuser — Hurt terribly once, this impatient and jealous Shadow exists
his pain on others. He scrutinizes the failures of everyone around him,
g sco upon them whenever he can. This is done partially in order to bolster
f-image, but primarily to make everyone else hurt just as much as he does. The
will often goad you to attempt the impossible, just to watch you fail so that
dine upon the self-loathing failure engenders. Chaotic and crazed, the Abuser

ill lash out at any target other than his favorite one: himself.
When dominant, the Abuser will spew his vitriol in all directions. Any excuse
ill set him off, and if no excuse is provided, he will create one. Demands for obedi-
Ace, absurd requests and systematic verbal or physical abuse are this Shadow's hall-

© The Director — Quiet and organized, the Director will take you apart with
ork precision. Icy in her hatred, she will strip your defenses away layer by
ir, taking pleasure in the surgical nature of the torment she inflicts. There's noth-
Personal in what the Director does; she's just setting the record straight by re-
Bving any delusions you might have about goodness, sanity or any other worth-
qualities you thought you had. When your grasp on reality starts to falter, the

or knows just how much pressure to apply in order to push you over.
When in control, the Director likes to lay long-range plans for the next time
‘is dominant, and to prepare nasty little revelations for you to discover at care-
illy timed intervals. She also enjoys picking apart your companions, making cutting
ations that will poison any friendships you had made on the other side. The

et that the Director is usually quite accurate doesn't help matters, either.
© The Freak — Everything that you ever were ashamed of wanting to do is
the Freak lives for. Gleefully perverse, the Freak is an expression of pure self-


hatred. It revels in taking each of your imperfections and holding it up to the ligh,
so that it can be ridiculed by the rest of the world. Anything you're ashamed of
doing, the Freak will encourage you to do, and the more you resist the more insistene
he'll become. Once you give in, though, he'll turn around and point out how per
verted you are. Shame and abandon are the Freak's favorite weapons, and he uses
them as often as he can.

A Freak in control is a frightening thing. He'll take your darkest desires and
play them out for the rest of the world, leaving you to explain your actions when his
control fades. Of course, excavating others' dirty little secrets is almost as much fun,
as far as the Freak is concerned.

© The Leech — Wearing on the will and nerves like sandpaper, the Leech gets
its way through whining and cajoling, begging and throwing tantrums. It's a black
hole for attention and affection, and no matter how often you give in to its demands,
it's never enough. Childish and selfish, the Leech can never be satisfied, and every
time you give it what it wants, it's that much harder to say no the next time.

When the Leech takes control, it attempts to work its wiles on others in order
to extract whatever sustenance they offer. If permitted, it will drain everyone around
it dry, then discard the husks and set out to look for new victims. As far as the Leech.
is concerned, everything others have and more is just its rightful due.

* The Martyr — Noble self-sacrifice has its place, but what the Martyr offers is
a shallow mockery instead. By constantly demanding that you give of yourself be-
cause you can take the pain better than anyone else can, the Martyr cheapens your
faith and indulges your arrogance. Claiming your sacrifice will bring about a greater
good, the Martyr will then take pleasure in demonstrating that your pain didn't do
anything at all, and that all of your suffering was pointless. Still, that won't keep it
from urging you to give up yourself for others every chance it gets.

When the Martyr takes control, it will attempt to maneuver you into situations
where, no matter what, in order to escape you'll have to give up something impor-
tant. The Martyr also tries to arrange for witnesses whenever possible, so that its very
public sacrifices can be used to shame others into similarly self-destructive acts.

© The Monster — Brutally direct, the Monster is all about pain and greed.
Whatever it wants, it will command you to take. Whatever it hates, it will demand
that you destroy. If you refuse, it will try to destroy you as well, for it cannot stand to
be balked in any way. There's no compromise or subtlety in the Monster, and often
it's the most dignified and delicate wraiths who have a Monster lurking behind their
eyes.

To see the Monster dominant is to see a foreshadowing of Spectrehood. It will
lay waste to anything in its path, taking what it wants and destroying everything else
out of sheer spite. Guttural and vulgar, the Monster rarely has anything to say that
isn't an obscenity.

© The Parent — No one else can love you as much, or as well, as the Parent-
No one else can take care of you as well, or make you as happy. The Parent even
accepts all of your little imperfections, which she'll harp on endlessly in order €0
prove to you that she loves you despite your nearly infinite flaws. She'll protect you
from people who don't have your best interests at heart, and only she can decide who
those are (usually, it's everyone else you know).


When in command, the Parent will seek to insulate you from any corrupting or

erous influences (i.e., anyone and anything else). To accomplish this, it will do

Isay anything to alienate those who care about you, using the fact that they could

ven off as proof that they weren't really your friends, anyway.

The Perfectionist — Nothing you do will ever be good enough for the Per-

fonist. Any imperfection can serve as a launching point fora tirade; any flaw will

nagnet for withering sarcasm. By playing up your inevitable errors, the Perfec-

inspires your self-hatred and saps your confidence in your own abilities. Then,

»your confidence is shot, he'll be more than happy to step in and show you how

@ things right. If you had any sense at all, you'd turn things over to him perma-
Atly and make sure that everything got done properly the first time.

en in control, the Perfectionist will take every example to criticize whatever or

iver catches his eye. He'll also take the opportunity to embroil you in impossible

en everyone around him is equally flawed, one target's as good as the next.
* The Pusher — The Pusher will always be glad to help you achieve the impos-
He wants you to think of him as a friend, a friend you can always ask for help.
, the price for the Pusher's help is always too high, and if you don't pay, he'll
fact it with interest. Every so often when you're counting on him, he'll decide
need to appreciate him more, and he'll withhold that support you were
g on so desperately.
the Pusher is in charge, he'll do everything he can to put you in situations
fe you'll need his help to escape. The quicker he can make you rack up a debt to him,
appier he is. Then again, an unhappy Pusher can be unpleasant indeed.
— The Rationalist will give you all of the right reasons for
the wrong decisions. Calmly leading you down the path to Oblivion, it offers
ales and explanations for why you should do what it says. It offers proofs for the
dom of everything it tells you, making all of its suggestions seem so sensible. When
linant, the Rationalist takes precise, well-ordered steps toward the Void. It will
stage your long-range plans and set in motion ones that superficially look bet
illsystematically make you enemies and alienate or eliminate your friends. There's
ise in taking one's time giving in to Oblivion, is there, when it's assured of
g in the end? The Rationalist is just making the surrender more efficient.

Thoms are special abilities that the Shadow possesses and can use either for free
By spending one of its Temporary Angst points. A player can use her Shadow's
A Experience Traits to purchase Thorns, if she so chooses.
One-Point Thorns
Spectre Prestige — The Shadow is respected by Spectres and they will come to
of the wraith during Catharsis.
Tainted Relic (variable) — The Shadow has an important relic that manifests
it is in control: a weapon or some other useful item. Others in the wraith's
y might realize that the Shadow is in control if this relic manifests. If the relic is
oyed or used up, it will still be able to manifest next time the Shadow is domi-
Tainted relics should be handed out by Storytellers at character creation.


‘Two-Point Thorns

Shadow Traits — You can buy one Trait, either an Attribute or an Ability, thar
the Shadow possesses. If the wraith wants to use the Trait in a test, he can choose to
do so, but it gives the Shadow one point of Temporary Angst. This Trait is never used
up and always gives the Shadow one Temporary Angst Trait.

Aura of Corruption — There isa subtle taint to the wraith, caused by the Shadow's
influence. If a wraith has this Thorn, all Social Challenges are bid at -1 Traits

Three-Point Thorns

Trick of the Light — This isa very, very subtle Thorn as it can alter the perceptions
of the wraith in accordance with the Shadow's wishes. Ifthe Shadow spends a Temporary
Angst point and activates this Thorn, the Shadowguide can describe to the player what
subtle alterations in the setting the wraith senses. Dark areas can seem to hold figures,
faces can seem more menacing, red glows can appear, and suspicious movements can be
hidden by the effects of this Thorn. The change in perception lasts five minutes

Bad Luck — The Shadow can spend a Temporary Angst point to cause the
Psyche to enter a retest, making the previous results of the test to be discarded.

Five-Point Thorns

Freudian Slip — By spending a Temporary Angst point, the Shadow can cause the
character to take a sudden involuntary action or blurt out a single sentence of the Shadow's
choosing. However, the Freudian Slip cannot cause the wraith to use any Arcanoi. This
Thor can only be resisted by the expenditure of a Willpower Trait.

Shadow Life — The Shadow lives a parallel life. Whenever the character Slumbers, the
Shadow takes over and acts without the player's knowledge. This can lead to some interesting
situations for the Psyche if the Shadow wrongs or attacks people. The wraith still gets the
benefit of the Slumber, however. A wraith currently living his Shadow Life should be consid-
ered to be in an extended Catharsis, and all Angst gains and losses should be treated as such.

Devil's Dare — At the beginning of the game, the Shadow can write down a dare
and hand it to the Psyche. This costs the Shadow five Temporary Angst Traits, but the
result can be worth it. If the wraith fails to complete the dare by the end of the game, the
Shadow gains a point of Permanent Angst. Dares must be reasonable; there is a world of
difference between "Jump in a Nihil" and "Go moon the Anacreon and sit down until
his guards skewer you." An unreasonable dare costs the Angst but has no compulsory
effect; a Narrator is the final arbiter of which dares are acceptable.

Harrowings

Come feel the magic of the Shadowplay
— Fish, "Shadowplay"
here comes a time when even wraiths can't take any more. A
S| Passion has faded, a Fetter has died or been destroyed, or the
KOA wraith herself has been stripped of all of her Corpus Levels. At
this point, a Nihil forms directly underneath her, and she drops
into the Labyrinth for the nightmarish experience of a Har-
rowing. In terms of gameplay, the wraith immediately signals
that she's out of play and heads for the room that the Story-
teller has set aside as the Labyrinth.


Harrowings are a combination of improvisational theater, a psychotherapist's
and a medieval torture chamber with the wraith as the main attraction in all
. Her Shadow directs a cast and crew of Spectres in creating a scene that will

ered in a Harrowing; old memories, loves, hatreds, embarrassing moments, hid-

fantasies and more are dragged out as tools. The more hammer blows that can be

leagainst the Psyche in a Harrowing, the more damaged she will emerge from it
ge she does) and the more easily she'll drop into another Harrowing.

Every Oblivion game should have a space (preferably a room) set aside to serve
the Labyrinth. This area should be inaccessible to wraiths who are not undergoing
owings; the Tempest around the great maze is just too heavily infested with
for anyone to sneak through intact. Inside this room is where all Harrowings

‘as any setting that the directing Shadow can imagine.
When the Harrowing begins, the Narrator takes the wraith's Shadow sheet and
for a minute with the other actors on the scene. During this time, the Har-
g should be mapped out as to setting, characters and most importantly, escape
ition. The escape condition is the roleplaying goal that the wraith must achieve
order to unify her personality and get out of the Harrowing. It must be something
ed to the wraith and her Shadow, and should be more complicated than just
the hard moral decision, and you get out of here." Generally the wraith should
‘no more than 10 minutes in order to figure out the escape condi :
Tf the wraith makes a serious and creative effort to roleplay her way out of the
wing, and comes across an alternate escape condition that the Narrator feels is
ible, then she can be considered to have succeeded at the Harrowing. It is up
Narrator what constitutes success and failure in a Harrowing, and there is no
al or other arbiter of this decision. If the wraith fails to roleplay her way out of
he Harrowing, she still has a chance to escape.
At this time she and the Narrator engage in a Challenge — Willpower Traits
igainst five Traits. The Trait bid cannot be lost. If the wraith wins, she leaves the

all of the attendant consequences.

Ifa wraith triumphs in a Harrowing, she instantly snaps back to one of her
fers (Narrator discretion which one — this may require consulting with the Sto-
ler) with three Temporary Corpus Traits and an added point of Pathos as a re-
If she fails, she loses a Permanent Corpus Trait and returns to a Fetter with
‘Temporary Corpus. If the wraith has no Fetters, then win or lose she returns to
dom point in the Tempest (again, Narrator discretion as to exactly where). If
wins, she gets a single Pathos and three Temporary Corpus Traits; if she loses, she


Destruction Harrowings

A Destruction Harrowing is the term for a Harrowing where the target is down,
to her last point of Permanent Corpus. If she loses, she will dissipate into the Void,
There is no difference between a Destruction Harrowing and a regular Harrowing in
Oblivion.

As the Narrator in charge of the Harrowing sees only the Shadow sheet and not
the wraith's regular character sheet, she should have no way of knowing whether a
Harrowing is Destruction or ordinary. Letting slip that a Harrowing is Destruction in
hopes that the Narrator will "go easy" is extraordinarily bad form, and should result
in the instantaneous failure of the Harrowing. The character is destroyed, and the
player should create a new one, preferably with more common sense.

Failing a Destruction Harrowing results in the obvious: the character's destruc-
tion.

Just Doing It

When the Harrowing actually starts, the Narrator describes the scene and the
other characters present. These other characters are Spectres, but can be played by
additional Narrators or players whose characters are currently out of play. Excessive
detail is not required; just enough to set the scene is all that is needed.

Ar this point, the Harrowing begins as regular gameplay. All regular rules apply,
though the "reality" of the shared nightmare can sometimes warp in odd ways. How-
ever. wraiths can make challenges, use Arcanoi, and otherwise interact normally
with this little pocket of unreality. Any Traits bid or used during a Harrowing, with
the exception of Eidolon, are recovered at the Harrowing's end. For purposes of com-
bat within the Harrowing, the wraith is considered to be at full Temporary Corpus.
This is, of course, an illusion, and will fade at the Harrowing's end.

It cannot be emphasized strongly enough that the reality of the Harrowing is
complete. The wraith must believe in what is going on and act accordingly, even if
the wraith's player is aware it is a Harrowing. It is during a Harrowing that many
experience bonuses for roleplaying are earned.

Eidolon Traits can be used to force retests in Harrowing final challenges, but no,
other Traits can. Furthermore, Eidolon Traits can be used to modify a single aspect of
the Harrowing to make it more to the wraith's liking. This includes changing setting,
weakening an opponent, or receiving some sort of guidance from the higher self
during the trial.

If the wraith is "killed" during the Harrowing, unless willing sacrifice is part of
the escape condition, she has failed.

Samples

Examples of Harrowings and escape conditions include:

* Rescue Me — One of the old standbys, the rescue Harrowing involves forc-
ing the Harrowed wraith to rescue a loved one, usually from her living days, from the
grip of unimaginable peril (tied to train tracks, menaced by Spectres, etc.) In its
most straightforward adaptation, the wraith moves from rescue attempt to rescue
attempt, with each effort ending in failure and landing the "kidnap victim" (usually


en greater danger. The best escape from this sort of Harrowing is for the wraith
cept that she cannot win and, as difficult as it may be, she has to accept fate.
‘variations call for the wraith to sacrifice herself for the sake of the hostage, but
‘sort of Harrowing is not about triumph. It's about acceptance.
© Dead Day Afternoon — This sort of Harrowing takes the wraith back to his
days, and into the teeth of undeserved peril. The police wish to talk to the
fith, who finds himself fleeing in order to prove his innocence. Every action to
tare that flight results in more and more illegal acts, injuring innocent bystand-
destroying property. This of course will convince the police of the wraith's
: They will then step up the chase, and the wraith is forced to choose between
lation himself or surrender and potential annihilation.
The lesson here is that the wraith can't do everything himself, and that by
ig so he sometimes does more harm than good. Potential escape conditions in-
either surrendering at the risk of destruction, or accepting fully the life of the
w and all it stands for.
T Have No Mouth and I Must Flee — The wraith finds herself in the middle
crowd of people, none of whom will speak to or otherwise interact with her.
ey will walk past, talk among themselves, laugh, cry and generally carry on with
lives without the slightest indication that they are aware of the wraith, ratio-
weird or physical effects she creates, and in essence, completely isolate her.
there she goes it is the same; she is completely alone.
The lesson here is that the wraith should learn that in the end, her own self is
and she should not rely on others. If she accepts her own company and chooses
attempt fruitless interaction any longer, instead of giving up in frustration, she
considered to have triumphed over this sort of Harrowing.
© Wilderness of Mirrors — The mirror is a favorite psychological image. A
maze, where every pane shows either a distorted image of the Harrowed
‘or one of his enemies, can make for a powerful Harrowing. Voices coming
| everywhere and nowhere, a seemingly infinite supply of mocking faces, reflec-
that move when the wraith does not — all of these offer tremendous horrific
tial.
Mirror-maze Harrowings can be resolved in a variety of different ways. Not rec-
ended is the solution when the wraith simply smashes every mirror in sight.
he might choose to walk into the mirror and join with his distorted image,
ga measure of self-acceptance. Another option might be for the wraith to find
center of the maze and rest there, dwelling at the heart of all of the images of his
ind encompassing all of them. A third idea could have the wraith following the
‘of the most horribly distorted reflections, descending into the heart of his own
ess and escaping out the other side.
© The Missing Hammer — Try as they might, most Oblivion players will find
possible not to realize that they are in a Harrowing and alter their play style
cordingly. With that in mind, the "missing hammer" technique often works well as
thod of keeping players' attention thoroughly in-game.
With the knowledge that she is in a Harrowing, a wraith instantly starts assum-


diately forthcoming (the setting is pleasant, the disguised Spectres are friendly, there's
no immediate evidence of torture or other unpleasantness), the wraith will seek it in
every innocent phrase and action, looking for what she feels to be the inevitable
hidden trap. Within a few short minutes, the wraith can make her own Hell, as the
Spectres simply act politely and watch the wraith drive herself into a frenzy of para-
noia.

This sort of Harrowing can be difficult to pull off, and should only be used as a
contrast to more standard psychodramas. The lesson to be learned here is that it is all
right to accept good things when they come to you, and that if you look too hard for
Hell you just might find it. Wraiths who can actually accept what's going on with a
minimum of fuss (there's a difference between acceptance and blind naiveté, after
all) should be considered to have roleplayed their way from the Harrowing.

¢ Darkness Rising — Through the use of the Dark Arcanos Contaminate, a
Spectre can easily take the part of a wraith's Shadow. Bringing a character face to
face with his own dark half, someone who can match his every move and unveil his
every secret, can be extremely unsettling. If the other Spectres in the Harrowing are
portraying twisted versions of the rest of the wraith's Circle, mocking and mutating
familiar mannerisms, the situation can get terrifying. How much of what the Shadow
is revealing is being told to the characters and not to other Spectres? How can a
wraith defeat his own dark side? This sort of Harrowing can also be done for suspense
value, with the wraith and his Shadow trapped in a maze or on a desert island, en-
gaged in some sort of contest. A variation on "The Most Dangerous Game" can work
well, as can gruesome variations on tag.

Again, self-acceptance is a good key to this kind of Harrowing. A wraith who
can embrace his alter ego, no matter how loathsome it might be, and who can inte-
grate it into his own personality, should be able to escape this Harrowing. Other
methods of escape could come from either defeating or escaping the Shadow. On the
other hand, acceptance is not the same thing as surrender, and any wraith who sim-
ply gives in to his Shadow's blandishments should be considered to have failed the
Harrowing (a test should still be allowed, but the difficulty should be adjusted up-
ward at Storyteller discretion).

* Misplaced Childhood's End — Among the most terrifying things imaginable
is innocence gone wrong. When the icons of childhood — stuffed animals, friendly
parental faces, familiar homesteads — suddenly reveal menace, the impact can be
devastating. Returning a wraith to a childhood setting, such as her room in her par-
ents' house circa her seventh birthday, and then having evil crawl out of the wood-
work is an effective Harrowing technique. Finding horror in places of safety, and
having the images the character most associates with safety taken away from her can
really unsettle the underpinnings of a wraith's world. The Freudian parent-monster
images can also come into play in this flavor of Harrowing; the father-monster is a
particularly effective tool.

Conversely, the idea of the Harrowing (from the Spectral perspective) could be
to get the wraith to sink back into her childhood, giving up the fight against Oblivion
and surrendering. For a superb example of this sort of Harrowing, see the film Laby-
rinth, in particular the sequence when Sarah runs across the junkwoman.

Putting aside the things of childhood and accepting adult responsibilities is the
way out of this type of Harrowing. A demonic teddy bear who'll rend his owner's


rather than let her go is in a way serving for the demands that childish things
of adult minds, and how they must be put aside for any growth to occur,
| After the War — Harrowings can have elaborate settings, including faux
stroms, This sort of Harrowing gives the impression that, rather than being
led into a Harrowing, the wraith has instead been caught in the Sixth Great
Istrom. Helpless, he'll watch as the Spectral hordes descend on Stygia (or his
Necropolis), laying waste to all. Desolation and ruin will be the rule of the day,
Doppelgangers frolicking in the stacks of the Great Library and Shades tearing
the bridges to the Iron Hills. The war with Oblivion will be over, and Stygia
have lost.
Then the Harrowing will begin.
The trick here is to see what the wraith will do after all hope would appear to be
lost. Will he surrender and join the occupying forces, fight a hopeless battle for
ance's sake, or attempt to build something from the ruins? Spectres portraying
poters, survivors and Enthralled wraiths will give the Harrowing victim something
© work against, but the choices to be made here are more difficult than most. It is
‘important for the Harrowed wraith to maintain hope and not succumb to despair or
. Suicidal attacks on Spectres are as inappropriate as joining the Shadow-eaten
ir play.
_ ¢ Burned Bridges — All of us make choices we regret in life, leaving behind
ds or loved ones. Whether or not we miss the friendships, romances and other
of human contact we pass by is irrelevant, as no matter what some relation-
simply fall by the wayside. The regrets and unfinished business of such frayed
ttachments are good raw Harrowing material. Confronting a wraith with everyone
left behind or climbed over to achieve anything can tie him in knots, never
illowing him to see past the immediate confrontation to the greater scheme of the
owing. A Greek chorus of Spectres masquerading as old lovers, bosses, friends
nd so on, each bringing up a perceived betrayal or loose end, ("I gave you your first
, and how did you repay me?" "That was our idea you sold as your own, you
!" and so on) can drown a wraith in echoing recriminations from long ago. It
doesn't even matter if the accusations are true to the character history; the senses of
hurt, betrayal and vengeance are what matters.
Nor does the setting for this sort of Harrowing need to be consistent. It can
flash from home to office to dorm to board room to beach to wherever is appropriate
the character speaking at the time. The more backdrops that flash in and out, the
More unsettling the effect. This particularly holds true if the backgrounds are subtly
sted versions of settings associated with the roster of personae the Spectres are

opting.
Quick and Dirty

There are times when there just aren't enough Spectres (or people to play them)

to go around. In that case, it's time for a quick and dirty Harrowing. In an instance

like this, the character being Harrowed engages the Narrator present in the Laby-

th in three challenges: Physical, Social and Mental. The challenges come in no
articular order.


EXE i GS

| Oblivion |

at Helpful Harrowing Hints

a 1,
( y t If one's uncomfortable, STOP!
Ay ting slightly, Th
f © Make up y f characters re that the stats of the
cast of most Harrowings v inch of character types and
be statistics ("Cop," "Kidnapper," "Le Iganger," etc.) that your east
Bh can dinply.plckup snd pla
i iM is in charge of the Labyrintt < 1 erson is the final arbiter on
‘1 all Harrowings, erving 1 r of th
GI © Use what resources t Narra eople looking for a taste
‘ of the game, playe ime, wraiths waiting their turn to be Harrowed
+ 9!) all people can be press ‘ ‘our Harrowing. Don't
Ww be aftaid to draw on their
a © Don't be afraid to have ¢ ‘ Jarrowings, even Destruction ones
Th) There's no real reward it chara sno re rrtached
| © Remember that the ule AT touching
a part of the gam
Wf f © Harrowings shoul ¢ mut boring or If you feel like
\ you're getting burned out, lea ! for a while. A dull
i Harrowing makes the gam
ie vn
ea

\
\
Ay! 182 <a

The Narrator has 30 Traits to among the three categories for purposes of
srbidding and resistance; how she divvies them up is up to her. She should, however,
te the division down before the Harrowing begins. If the Narrator wins two out of

or better, then the wraith has lost the Harrowing and loses a Permanent Corpus
it. She then snaps back to a Fetter or, if she has none, the Tempest. If she wins two of
ee or better, she triumphs in the Harrowing. and snaps back to reality at one of her
s (Narrator discretion) or in the Tempest if she has none. In any event, when the

ith leaves the Harrowing, she regains three Temporary Corpus Traits (if she can take
it many).
Eidolon Traits, but no others, can be used to force retests here.



~ Chapter Seven:
orytelling

his chapter is for Storytellers and, to a lesser extent, Narrators.

Storytelling Oblivion is very different from Storytelling Wraith,

or even any other Mind's Eye Theatre game. Oblivion involves

running what is essentially a game with a split personality. Both

W) humans and wraiths need to be taken care of, and bridging the gap

between the wo can be labor-intensive in the extreme. Further-

more, there are the responsibilities of Shadowguiding and running

Harrowings, each of which can demand serious investments of time

effort. Storytelling Oblivion is not for the lazy or faint of heart, and trying to run a

of Oblivion without proper preparation is a recipe for disaster.

On the other hand, there is a bright side to all of this. Running Oblivion provides

Ou with a stage to tell your stories, and the very complexity of the game allows you to

feate stories that can be equally complex. There are few limits on the imagination;

or anything from history can show up in the Shadowlands, and practically any-

g imagined might lurk in the Tempest. Harrowings let you turn loose things that

ght be a little too intense or permanent for regular plotlines, while Shadows add a
new way to interact with players. In the end, the effort is more than worth it.


$<] f characters are the lifeblood of Mind's Eye Theatre, then the
chronicle is the body they sustain. Although Oblivion can be
| used and enjoyed as a series of loosely connected stories, such,
games often lack a sense of continuity and offer little opportue
nity for character development. Furthermore, wraiths often have
long-term goals related to their Passions and Fetters; one story
is rarely enough to resolve anything satisfactorily. In a chronicle
— an ongoing series of stories — not only do characters reside
in a familiar environment, but one that evolves as they interact with it. Developing ©
and maintaining a chronicle is a satisfying task, but it requires continuous effort and
dedication on the behalf of you and your Narrators.

Setting the Stage

The first element to consider in chronicle construction is the atmosphere you
desire. The two aspects of atmosphere are mood and theme. Each is a fundamental
ingredient in the alchemy of a chronicle. Although mood and theme have already
been discussed in terms of story, and some ideas previously presented apply here,
mood and theme for a chronicle involves other aspects. ;

Mood

Mood is the underlying emotional sentiment of a chronicle. It sustains and flows
through everything you do, unobtrusive yet omnipresent. While the mood of a
chronicle is intangible, your choice of mood can be one of the most important ones
you make as regards plot, character, and theme. After all, if you're going for a mood"
of terror, a gunbunny plot (and characters to match) won't make much sense.

Theme

Themes are central ideas of a chronicle, ones that help define the shape of the
action. They can be as visceral as the struggle for freedom or as intellectual as the"
age-old questions of good and evil. Themes can emerge as seemingly inconsequential
encounters or as the major focus of a chronicle. Avoid overemphasizing theme, how
ever. Overemphasis makes related events expected and predictable rather than haunt
ing and prophetic.

Setting

The setting is the stage upon which the drama of a chronicle is played. Setting
is composed of environment and locale. Environment describes the overall scheme
of the world. The environment of Oblivion involves the three levels of ghostly exist
ence, Guilds, Legions, Ferrymen, mortals, Passions, Fetters, Maelstroms and mue®
more. A m of potential alternatives are available. It's your reality — do with it
what you will.


Locale, or the physical point where you choose to place your chronicle, is the
xt step toward chronicle creation. The easiest choice for chronicle setting is the
fy city in which you and your players live. During your games, you can visit and

parts of the city in which your stories take place. It's also a good bet that your
s are familiar enough with their setting to incorporate all sorts of firsthand
jowledge into their play.

If you don't think your home town would do as your chronicle's locale, or sim

don't want to use your actual location, there's a whole world out there. Book-

libraries and tourist bureaus can provide you with enough detailed informa-

pto set a chronicle in almost any city. This sort of research is also helpful if your

layers move around a great deal in the chronicle. Using foreign locales takes a bit

imagination, but if you're playing this game, you're probably not running low
department anyway.

When it comes down to it, who says your chronicle must be set in the modern

PAlthough we suggest other times only for experienced players and Storytellers,

lumber of historical eras provide excellent settings for chronicles

ating the City

The city is the locus of your chronicle. You need to present your city in a realis-
iid consistent manner so that players believe in it. The setting must live and
tithe for players, and, until it does, characters cannot come to be. The city is
fe your stories take place — the more interesting and exotic it seems, the more
fPstories come to life. With each story you run, define the city a little more, but

Bive away everything at once.

As the chronicle progresses, add details of geography, custom and plot. Build

Bcity bit by bit at whatever pace you choose. The mortal half of the city is fairly


easy to establish. Though the setting of Oblivion is the World of Darkness, much of
it is identical to the world we know. However, the city isn't quite the one you live in,
Its fictional. You may want to change a few details here and there to suit the mood of
your game.

Then you want to consider the Restless half of the equation. The history of your
city should help, determining what relic buildings are present in the Shadowlands,
Still, you need to decide what sites are haunted, where the Citadel might be, which
Legions and Guilds are present, where the local Nihils are and so on.

Last but not least, you should make sure the design of the city meshes well with
the motif of your overall chronicle. If the chronicle is going to be about corruption,
the city ought to be corrupt as well, both in its mortal and ghostly aspects.

Casting the Parts

Once you know what is in your city, it's time to think about who. Both mortals
and wraiths should be your concern here; neither side is terribly effective without
the other. It's generally best to start at the top — who are the Anacreons, the local
Guildmasters, the leaders of Gangs and Cults in the area. Deathlords and Ferrymen
should be used sparingly, if at all; they're simply too powerful. You should also think
about whether any Spectres have infiltrated your Necropolis. On the mortal side,
policies Ieaiete aud ghee hunter aie enally imborann Ifthece is snother sean
Hartel peceenee triyour city, fou will wane gp decal thats well. The local yaaa
and werewolf populations, and their relations to the Restless, are all important things
to have mapped out in advance.

Intrigue

Intrigue is a vital ingredient of your chronicle. For people to play out intrigue,
they need to be drawn into it. Power is often a lure. This power needs to be immedi-
ate and real. It needs to be visible and obtainable. It needs to be given out only.
occasionally to inspire characters to pursue it, but not so often that opportunities are
passed on.

Ambition

Many characters eventually want to assume positions of power in the city. In
some games, this is just another aspect of the self-generating plots players contrive
on their own. In other games, you may plan the characters' search for power from the
beginning. In either case, you need to learn what long-term goals your players want
to accomplish in the chronicle. You can then tailor an occasional session to these
goals, but don't give the players everything they want. Some may covet powerful
positions in the Hierarchy, or to advance the political agendas of outsider groups
they belong to. Others may seek Transcendence or knowledge of the missing Charon.
Both goals are power in one form or another, both over others and over one's self.

More than a few players don't know or admit what they want in the long-ter™
or may not desire power. Don't worry, they'll set their sights on something in times
especially if tempted by their Shadows or other players. Practice stringing players
along. Keep a carrot dangling before them. After all, you've got the whole world to


gy with as a Storyteller; you can certainly offer something to keep them coming
ck for more.

Price of Power

In most chronicles, it's likely that one or more characters are in a position of
er. If this is the case, the players need to know exactly what their responsibilities
d advantages are. In general, any players in the role of Anacreon, high-ranking
ild member, Heretic or Renegade leader or Ferryman should be experienced enough
you as a Narrator. As powerful characters can have tremendous impact on
characters and the story as a whole, players should know what the ramifica-
‘of their actions are and must take them into consideration. Only experience in
develops this insight, but it is vital that players with characters in positions of
er understand both their responsibilities and their limits. Powerful characters, if
|, can serve to discourage players with weaker characters. This drives off new
and eventually the power-gamers may find themselves with no one to lord it

er except one another.

ile Dynamics

"The key toa successful chronicle is a constant and uninterrupted flow of action.
tthe real world, events never stop occurring, and everyone, in one way or another,
s dragged into life's chaos. Your chronicle should have the same power. All char-
fers should be drawn into the events around them. Every character should be do-
something. Those in conflict may bide their time and pause to marshal their
but the tension never recedes. After all, if you give your players time to rest,
and think, they may think about the fact that they're just playing a game. Too

ch time for reflection can shatter the most carefully crafted illusionary worlds.

ble in all Shapes and Sizes

‘There are dozens of things in a story that can go wrong. This is particularly true
chronicle. With the added level of complexity that comes with a chronicle,
Oblems with continuity, advancement, numerous players, constant change and
ound plots are inevitable. A few of the more common chronicle problems,
d how to deal with them, are detailed below:
© Problem Players — This problem is probably one of the most delicate and
tially disastrous you can face. For one reason or another, one or more players
€ disrupting the story and ruining everyone's good time. This can be the result of
iny things: cheating, rule quotation ("rules lawyering"), personal vendettas or im-
per behavior.

‘Once you' detect a problem, your first action should be to approach the players
fivately and explain what they are doing and why you don't like it. At that point,
Rost people attempt to change their ways... and that's that. Unfortunately, some are

One to backsliding or just don't take the problem seriously, disregarding your warn-
Ng. The next step to consider is some sort of penalty. Temporary suspension from the


chronicle is usually effective. If players continue to make trouble, you may have to
perform the distasteful task of barring them entirely from your chronicle.

Do not be afraid to destroy characters that unbalance your game. If the character's
player is worthwhile, he'll understand the need for the sake of all of the other players,

© Favoritism — There is often a tendency to give friends special treatment. Be
vigilant to this habit in all those who run and play the game, including yourself. If
the problem does arise, try to remember that this is just a form of entertainment; no
one can reasonably hold you responsible for a character's loss. If the problem contin
ues, try to isolate problem individuals from encounters where favoritism might oc-
cur. As a final option, remove the offender from any position in which she can dis-
pense favors.

© Grudge — In this situation, an individual is treated unfairly for some reason
that is not related to her character's nature or actions. Such is often the case with
players who are not fond of each other in the real world. Handle it in a manner
similar to favoritism problems.

© Stagnation — Even the most imaginative Storyteller occasionally runs out of
ideas. Perhaps you're running the game too often to give yourself time to create new
and original stories. If this is the case, consider spacing sessions further apart to pro-
vide yourself more planning time. Another solution is to take on more Storytellers or
Narrators to give the chronicle a greater creative base on which to draw. A plot
coordination council of some sort is almost essential to running large-scale chronicles,

© Logistics — Problems with supplies and locations are bound to arise. If this is
the case, be sure to communicate with everybody involved in the game. Players are
often able to help procure a setting, props, incidental supplies and all manner of
other needs.

© Getting the News Out — Sometimes you just don't have enough people to
play the type of chronicle you've planned. This is more often a case of poor advertis-
ing than genuine lack of bodies. Consider posting notices on electronic bulletin boards
or your local university network, in game and hobby stores, at conventions, at gam-
ing organizations, with theatre or drama groups, on college campuses and anywhere
else you think imaginative people with a taste for the original might frequent.

© Staying Focused — At times your story may drift away from its original plot,
or players may become lost. They may become too wrapped up in their own subplots
of may be unable to unravel a puzzle. When this happens, you need something to
bring the story back on course.

Having a few extra props available can be helpful when the story goes off on @
tangent. Many of the prop ideas already suggested can be used to reorient players. For
example, an answering machine audio tape with an important message can renew char
acters' interest in their original goal. Documents containing important information are
another option, allowing characters a new avenue in pursuit of their original goal.

Maintenance and Record Keeping

It's simple fact that the longer a chronicle runs, the more complex it becomes.
The increased size of some chronicles only amplifies this fact. Developing a method
and the habit of keeping records is essential.


Drones, Thralls and Ashtrays

Due to its very nature, Oblivion contains the possibility that characters will
J entire game ves or, even worse, inanimate objects. Obviously, this
thing can be no fun for the player whose carefully thought-out wraith g
1 wall for the whole night, or, even worse, gets turned into a St

spork
While there is nothing that a Storyteller can do to eliminate this sor
il

entirely from gameplay (and indeed, the threat of such fates should be an

part of the atmosphere of the Underworld), there are a few steps that can
ken to minimize abuses:
® Make soulforging equipment extremely difficult to come by for player
© Limit the availability of chains for Thralls. Regular Stygian steel chains
p wraiths from using their Arcanoi when imprisoned; only special ones
ed Nhudri's Embrace (deliberately not detailed in this book so players won't
Jemanding them) do. If there's hold wraiths, keeping them as
throughout an evening's play get Jer
© Make it very plain that wraiths cannot be tumed into Drones in Oblivion
Without certain special arts known only to the Masquers' Guild, Moliating
ne into a set of barbecue tongs is an impermanent feat at best. Characters
ited into inanimate objects may be temporarily out of play, but will event
return to their original form. (Note: Cosmetic and other willing Moliations

10uld have the ability to make thi: t of

rot revert.) Narrator character
1ge permanent, but player characters should not

* Enslaving, soulforging and Moliating unwill w-friendly
ities. If you hear that a player is indulging, send mmediately

rve as the consequences of these amoral acti

The easiest part of the chronicle
Having a master yy of each character al a
Someone is bound to lose his char and z nent. Without
good memory or a master copy, th s blem, especial! advanced
Icharacters. Storyteller records 1s \ pulous players frc
Altering their characters in the field. F r you can make use of charact
information when designing new s A sag update your master
Opies after each stor ¢ si mn rewards and penalties.
A journal of events from ssi s equally invaluable, helpin;
Understand changes the chronicle undergoes. Y apply thi
ew stories. Ideally, you, the Narrators and players {all file some
Mal report after each story. Records from every
Vents and let you ir layers' individual intenti

Wide this information accurately, consider making

Mce only after you eive thi Make it cle
and will not be used to "scre


Advancement and Balance

‘The greatest reward for some players is the sheer joy of playing. However, many play.
ers prefer to see their characters improve in status and power. Both needs must be satisfied,

Players who enjoy the story for its own sake are easy to please. In fact, they
often please themselves by pursuing the goals their characters desire, which are often
interpreted by the players themselves.

Pleasing accomplishment-seekers is a little more difficult. Allow characters
chances to improve their station in the chronicle, if it's within the scope of things,
When characters make achievements, their players are happy. However, to keep play-
ers happy without their characters achieving massive power, be prepared to take
characters down a peg or two, or allow other characters to do so for you. Besides
creating revenge motives, such attacks fire players' desire to achieve more.

Experience points, which players spend to improve their characters, are one form of
reward, but there are others that are just as satisfying. Gaining the favor and support of
other wraiths can be more rewarding than any Arcanos. Furthermore, there are numer-
ous positions of power that Experience Points can't buy, but ambition and tenacity can.

Even in well-planned chronicles, players may reach a point where they are bored and
discontented with their place in the story. A player in this position actually has a couple of
options. Starting a new character, only playing the old one from time to time, helps players
see if they still have what it takes to see a character survive. As a Storyteller, make sure the
player doesn't use this option to accumulate power for both his characters. Bringing in an
old character's "relative" and allowing interaction between the siblings can mean trouble as
they "work together." The easiest way to discourage this is to deny any direct ties between
old and new characters. Another option to is to take the "advanced" character as a Narrator
or Storyteller character. The character's experience with your chronicle and game asa whole
can be used as a resource by lesser characters (ie., other characters seek help from the
experienced character), and the older character can be the means for future stories.

torytelling is more than simply voice and action. The effects that
create your playing environment also make your story come to
life. When you're running a story, you don't want your players to
merely imagine they're playing in a world where ghosts wa
| bodies rise from the grave. You want them to feel they're there.
Setting the stage is, thankfully, relatively simple. It requires
some effort and imagination, but with a minimum of experience
you'll have Necropoli looming in no time. To help you get started,
we've provided some hints and ideas. Ultimately, though, creating an environment is
limited only by your imagination. Take the advice we provide and run with it.

Setting and Environment

More than anything else, the setting of a story has impact on a story's feel-
Setting should therefore be taken into careful consideration when deciding on your


y's mood (which is discussed later). The location you choose must fit the needs of
our game as well as the atmosphere you have in mind.
inding Locations
‘The first practical step in planning a game is finding a good place to play. Where
play the game is influenced by the specific needs of your story, Factors like the
mber of players involved, theme, mood and nature of the plot all have an influ-
ce on the type of location you choose.
The scale of the game is your first consideration. Make certain you have enough
pom for all the players to move about. Multiple rooms or areas are helpful. The best
out usually involves a central meeting room that all the players can congregate in
id multiple smaller sites for secret meetings. Possibilities include college campuses,
lounges, museums, night clubs, coffeehouses, conventions, parks, shopping malls,
buildings or warehouses.
Obviously, extreme care must be taken when using these sites. You must ensure
all of the players are courteous and unobtrusive when playing in a public place.
"mundanes" should ever realize a game is being played, and players need to un-
and that the session is over if anyone finds out about the game and is disturbed
by what you're doing.
Some sites are more conducive to certain types of stories. You may find a particular
ion is your favorite, but even then, you should keep your mind open to change. A
ge of locale, even if for only one scene, can help revive a dying chronicle.
Most locations (or "sets") can be decorated to convey a specific mood. You must
‘ut sites that cater to the style of your game and nature of its plot. For best results,
setting should have a basis in reality. In other words, if it's a high energy social atmo-
here you seek, stage your story in a nightclub. If you're looking for a calm and intellec-
ual setting, perhaps a museum or art gallery is appropriate. When choosing a location,
Sok for an area that establishes the mood and atmosphere you're after.

Sometimes it's necessary to use one area for different settings within the same story.

set changes should be performed quickly and efficiently. Lengthy set changes

leave players bored. When your scene is changed, give it a last once-over, making sure
erything is in place. A scene change should be just that. When the players enter the
foom again, they should have the distinct feeling that they're entering a new place. Your
‘decorations don't even need to be overly complicated. A quick shift of the couch or

, switching or removing a throw rug, draping a love seat, and moving or removing

biance and Mood

Establishing the right feel for a scene is governed by setting and environment.

ver, ambiance and mood are established and maintained by elements that are

sed upon the environment. Effects like music and lighting are often the finish-
touches for completing a scene.


© Music: Music can be an integral part of establishing the mood of a story. It
lends a hand in creating drama and, when appropriate, tension. When planning your
story be certain to select music that complements your intended mood. Also make
sure you have a variety of music on hand in case the mood changes. However, take
care not to let the music get obtrusive or too familiar. If your players have to shout
over thundering lyrics, or if your ghosts find themselves singing along to your
soundtrack, your game will rapidly dissolve into chaos.

© Audio Effects: Above and beyond music, certain sounds and effects can en-
hance an evening. Horror and sound effect CDs, found in any music store, are a good
place to start. A good CD can provide a variety of sound effects to simulate many
different events, like tires screeching, gunshots or barking dogs. Proper timing of
these sounds is critical. If you're able to pre-mix a tape of effects, you can play them
at appropriate moments in the story. Preparation is the key. Have your effects cued
up ahead of time so that, with the mere touch of a button, hideous screams can be
heard by all. Preparation makes for more drama than having to delay the game while
you set up the right sound.

© Lighting Effects: The Underworld is, not surprisingly, a place of dim lights
and many shadows. With a minimum of effort, you can reproduce this sort of effect
for your game of Oblivion. Remember, a few well-placed shadows can hide a great
many anomalies that might otherwise distract your players from the game.

Avoid high wattages and white light. Multicolored light bulbs have the broad-
est effect. By arranging multicolored light bulbs in different parts of the room, you
can create shadowy areas and still have well-lit "white light" areas where the colors
intersect. If you have track lighting, recessed multicolored bulbs work very well. If
you can't get multicolored bulbs, cloth draped over lights works just as well (but
avoid putting cloth in direct contact with hot bulbs). The key is contrast from low
wattage bulbs. Keeping enough low lights to contrast with one another results in
plenty of light to see by and plenty of shadows to hide in. Play around with different
combinations to determine what works best for your mood and scene.

While candles may be very atmospheric, they should be used extremely spar:
ingly. Recreating the desolation of the Shadowlands in theory is a good thing, but
doing so by burning down your site generally has a detrimental effect on a chronicle.
Even without candles, though, if you keep your wattage low, avoid direct white light,
and experiment with your color schemes, you should be able to find the right combi-
nation to create the proper atmosphere for your story.

Props

After you've got a story, players, a place to play and even selected a cool
soundtrack to accompany the game, something else is still needed to bring the story
to life. This is the point at which props come in. Props for a story don't need to be
grandiose or expensive. Most props can be found in your own home or your grand:
parents' attic.

In most forms of theatre, props play an extensive role. In fact, in modern movies
props can at times overwhelm the viewer, sometimes detracting from the film. In this
game, props should be kept relatively simple and should not attract more attention than
the story itself. Only a few touches are needed to help a player's imagination fill in the


the available materials, go
Just make sure that the props are not the focus of the story. The spotlight should
s remain on the characters, not on what surrounds them.

al Props

General props are items that can help you further a story by giving players some-
g that they can physically examine. The Storyteller should be wary of how often
| props are used and what impact they have on the story. If they are allowed to
te a story, players may begin to rely on them rather than interacting with one
other. Be sure to inform players when props will be used in a story. Otherwise, they
fe likely to disregard an important clue, considering it just another feature of the
ce you're playing in.

Many items can be used as general props to help enhance your story. Books,
welry, documents and pieces of artwork are a few examples. These props can be
to actually give information, or they can merely give insight into the character
ie person possessing the prop. Sometimes an item has to be represented by an
n card, as in the case of weapons. Also, a card may be discreetly attached to an

m, giving more information to a player who inspects the item.
Creative and effective usage of general props can make a story more interesting
everyone, particularly if props are used to represent Fetters with plot (as well as
acter) significance. The important thing is to stay focused and avoid overload-
yourself with them. If you come up with an idea for a prop, but are unable to

plement it, don't panic — your story can stand on its own. After all, people, not
) Make a story.

ersonal Props
Personal props, like costumes, are used by players to help distinguish them as
characters. These props can be particularly useful for Narrator characters, espe-
ially when Narrators must often change from character to character.
Many different items can be used to help portray a character. Cloaks, jackets,
es, hats, canes and jewelry are only a few of the accessories that can give a
acter a distinctive look. You may want to provide certain items to players to aid
m in this manner, especially if players are uncertain of the characters they are
laying. For example, if you plan a story involving a Renegade gang, you may supply
ts with matching bandannas to identify them as gang members.
Many personal props can be found right in your own home. Searching through
attics of relatives can reveal old clothing and jewelry. Costume jewelry works
st; real jewels can be far too valuable to lend out for a game. Should all else fail,
hand stores can be great places to pick up a few last-minute props at an af-
le price. All manner of clothing, including hats, canes and costume jewelry,
be acquired at such emporiums.
In many stories, not much is needed by way of personal props. Sometimes, only
e or piece of jewelry can make a character. The most important thing to re-


No-Nos

Weapons should never be used as props. In addition, props must be understood
to be someone's property, not some character's property. If your players start taking
home the props that belong to their characters, perhaps it's time to reconsider using
props at all. If you chose to go this route, cards (like those used to represent weapons)
are best.

Creating Stories

Story creation can be as simple or as detailed as you want. The more effort you
put into preparing a story, the smoother it runs when it's executed. There is no small
amount of satisfaction to be gained from writing a successful and appreciated story.

Finding the right combination of stimuli to ignite creative thought can be diffi-
cult. For some of us, creativity comes naturally. For others, it's more difficult to bring
creative aspects of personality to the fore. However, this is exactly what you must do
in order to create a good story. Creativity is not generally taught in school. In fact,
it's often discouraged. Rediscovering your childhood enthusiasm is one way to finda
wellspring of imagination.

Inspiration can come from any source. Magazines, movies, books, theatre, tele-
vision, friends, family... you get the picture. The challenge is to take what you see
and change it into something all your own. Inspiration can be, quite literally, any
stimulus that ignites the process of creative thought. Hence, inspiration is very often

as dependent on what's without as on what's within. What sends one person's mind
racing may bore someone else. You must find the things that inspire you (if you don't
already know) and associate with them in order to stoke your creative fires.

Plot

A story's plot is its progression of events. Plot not only involves the machina-
tions of the powers that be, but the machinations of the characters as they pursue
their own goals in the story. Plots are essential to the successful progression of the
story. They serve as a beginning to, and a guide during, the story.

A story can have any number of plots (see "Story Style," below, for more details on
this). These plots should all be wound together with skill and care before the actual game
begins. The trick is to have all the pieces of a plot already written in the characters'
briefings so they can read about their own respective parts of the overall plot at the
game's beginning. Together, the characters' backgrounds compose the main story, and by
pursuing their own parts of the story, characters progress the plot as a whole.

During a story, it's often helpful to keep a schedule of events. This is a pre
planned sequence of events (usually initiated by outside forces) that's going to occur
regardless of the characters' actions. Typically, characters played by Narrators keeP
the schedule on track. It is also helpful to integrate occasional Narrator characters
into the story to assist the progression of the plot (or plots). These tactics should be
used sparingly; otherwise players may grow dependent upon interaction with Narra
tors instead of with each other. However, occasional Narrator intervention can add
a new level of unpredictability and excitement to a story.


The elements of a story are best defined by its components or stages. It is often
helpful to think of plot elements in terms of tense (past, present and future). In terms

e brought them to the story. The story's climax is where the story's plot (or plots)
exposed and dealt with by some or all of the characters. Finally, there's the reso-

The opening can be any point from which you choose to begin your story. It can

pe a gradual, gentle start or a shocking plunge into the world of the Restless. The

rer works best if the characters start out as living humans; the former is better for
ended chronicles with older wraiths.

At the beginning of a story, each character should have a written synopsis of
cent events that "everyone" would be aware of. This provides a basis for your plots,
well as laying down some common ground for characters to discuss. ("Did you hear

t that Legionnaire who got cashiered for taking bribes?" "Yeah, real shame about

He cut me loose a couple of times..." and so on). Furthermore, by establishing

on knowledge, you're also helping to set the tone and theme of your game.

The synopses of common knowledge and recent personal events should be brief

xplanations of the situation at hand. They should be precise and intriguing. These

should be the first media through which players get a feel for the story's

The synopses should also hint at the story's main theme. You may even wish
foreshadow the plot, but that depends on your personal style.

When the main plot is on the verge of conclusion, the story is considered at its cli-
ax. This usually happens when characters have discovered all they need to know to solve
hatever problem faces them and are on the verge of resolving the story. The tension is
ly at its highest point at this time. If the opening was staged carefully, and the players
‘cooperative and imaginative, the climax can be reached with little additional effort on
he part of Narrators. However, even the best of plans can be mislaid, or perhaps the Story-
and Narrators prefer to take a more active role in the progression of your story's plot.
ither way, there are times when a Narrator's intervention is warranted. The climax should
point of the story, something the players should always anticipate and work

d. However, this element should never be rushed. It's a matter of timing.
Extended chronicles shouldn't have everything wrapped up in a single climax.

all, you need to have something for the Restless to do next week.

esolution
The story's resolution is where all (or most) of the pieces come together. The

olution should be used as a means of winding the excitement down while cultivat-
Rg an interest in future stories. Players should always end a story feeling as though


they have accomplished something. They do not have to uncover the big picture;
merely knowing they've found another piece of the puzzle is often enough. In Mind'
Eye Theatre, players often enjoy gathering for a group wrap-up session after a game.
Unlike roleplaying games, players of Oblivion rarely see all of the action that takes
place — they get wrapped up in their own ends, not the group's. During wrap-up
sessions, many players look forward to learning more about "the big picture." At the
wrap-up, players share their version of the story and, in so doing, give other players
an opportunity to see more of the game they just took part in.

Off-Line Gaming

The game doesn't have to end when everyone puts down their character sheets,
In-character e-mails, informal discussions at coffeehouses and the like can all serve
both as roleplaying exercises and as ways to advance plots. As long as players keep
some perspective on this sort of thing (phone calls at 3 A.M. to discuss minor plot
points generally signal a need for help), off-line gaming can be a great way to shade
the gray areas of your game.

Story Considerations

There are several factors that must be taken into consideration before you can
begin scripting a story. The scale, number of players and general character types are
all important elements that must be kept in mind. Rampaging Renegades and vi-
cious Risen don't fit well into Stygian political chronicles; pacifist Heretics don't last

long in shoot-em-ups. Tailor your plots to what you have to work with in terms of
group, character and setting.

Seale

Scale is the number of people you have playing. Games can range in size from
handfuls to hundreds, and you need to ensure that no matter how many wraiths are
out there, there's something for everyone potentially to do. Oftentimes, players will
set their own plots in motion based on roleplaying and character interaction, but
there needs to be a metaplot, a grand scheme that gives everyone a starting point.

Scope

The scope of your story is a very important consideration. Whether the story
involves a massive plot to bring back Charon or kidnap an abusive Legionnaire is @
matter of scope. Scope boils down to what's won or lost. Scope can be limited by the
number of players in the game. You shouldn't always have stories with huge scope;
players grow bored with always "saving the world." On the other hand, you should
not keep the cast from getting involved in potentially earth-shattering stories. Bal
ance is the key.

Metaplots should have bigger scopes than local plots. Obviously, the more charac-
ters involved in a plot, the higher the stakes should be. Don't forget your mortals when
creating plots, either. The actions of the living have a huge effect on the dead, in terms
Fetters, Passions and the like. On a more pragmatic note, it's no fun to sit around a @
Pathos battery. Make sure your humans have something worthwhile to do, too.


Another factor to take into consideration is the type of characters cast members
. The best way to determine this is to ask them. A story usually works best if
are enacting characters they are comfortable with, although it can occasion-
interesting to cast players in roles different from what they're used to playing.
iis variation in casting should only be done if you think it would be enjoyable for
players.
‘An important consideration is whether you are giving players pre-made chara

sly, the easiest of these options is to use pre-made characters. This allows you
yomize your story to the characters, tying them to one another to make for a

ted with the characters they get. This can detract from everyone's enjoy-

Style
Style is the method you use in constructing your story. It describes how the
ie in with the main plot and how characters interact with the environment
we chosen. Style is the thread from which your story is woven. Without style,
y has no cohesive form and might become boring for players. You need to de-
and hone your style so as to be able to craft a finely tuned story, with many
and intricacies for players to explore.
Plot

The main plot, or metaplot, is the root of a story, and any other lesser plots will
from the main plot. The main plot is what brings characters together, unifying
attention. The main plot of a story should be all-encompassing, in that all

acters should be affected by it in at least a minor fashion. The main plot should
iminate every other aspect of the story. Not all of them need be touched by it
ly, but each character should be aware of the main plot at least on some periph-

most novels and movies, subplots are just filler material. They are essential to
is Eye Theatre. Subplots keep characters busy and carry them from moment to
ment. They are the stories that are woven around the characters. A story gives
$ ample opportunities to explore subplots, and due to the unique nature of this
game, subplots can be taken as far as the players want to take them.
Bach character should be involved in as many subplots as possible. A subplot
‘be any personal goal a character is trying to accomplish. Subplots should be
30 as to intermingle with one another, so that characters become embroiled


The more layers of intrigue in a story, the more players enjoy untangling them,
Indeed, if your setting is intricate enough, you may find players developing subplots
of their own, adding to the confusion. This should be encouraged, because it helps
the story grow and gives it a life of its own.

A subplot can sometimes be almost as large in scope as the main plot, the differ-
ence being that it is not necessary for everyone to be involved. However, you should
take care that the subplot does not override the main plot.

Character Relations

Character interaction is a part of every story and every chronicle. Intricate char-
acter interaction is essential to a story. That is not to say that all characters will get
along harmoniously — character strife is usually much more interesting. However,
making sure that characters relate to one another requires a bit of planning on your
part. Making sure that players create backgrounds for their characters helps, as it
gives you more material to work with to create common ground for wraiths. Spread-
ing rumors that provide incentive for discussion, trade, and cooperation is another
good way to go, as is the inclusion of a nasty villain who will force characters at least
to discuss working together.

Multiple Goals

Each of us possesses a multitude of goals and ambitions. Many of them conflict,
and we have to choose between them. For instance, you might want to go to the
movies on the same day you want to visit a friend. Multiple goals complicate matters,
and while in real life that can be bothersome, in this game it only adds to the excite-
ment. The more complicated you can make things, the better.

Complications such as multiple goals give characters depth and keep players
busy. A player with several goals is usually occupied throughout the course of a story
and is rarely bored. Indeed, if players with multiple goals achieve even one of those
goals, they probably leave the story with a sense of accomplishment.

Narration and Storyteling

ow that you have written a story, you need to make it work in a
live game. Narrating a story is an art akin to juggling; you have to
keep up with all story threads, play judge and make sure that none
of the players get bored — you'll be juggling quite a few of them.
Narration requires a lot of work and planning, and usually leaves
you exhausted. You, however, have a ringside seat to the story and
can watch it unfold in its entirety. Because your control of the
story is loose (tight control denies player freedom), you may be
surprised by how the story twists and changes in the hands of your players. If you do your
job well, you will be rewarded with the players' thanks.

Of course, with the great rewards of storytelling comes a great deal of responsi-
bility. You have to initiate and guide the story and present it in an entertaining
manner. You, above all people involved, can destroy the story. Even a very good story
can be ruined if it's not presented well. Ifa few required player handouts are missing;


or if players have no idea where the game is taking place, you have failed. It is very
ant that you prepare every aspect of that story as far ahead of time as possible.
try to prepare an entire game at the last minute, you'll be stressed out by the

the game begins. The game will suffer heavily from your exhaustion.
Veteran roleplaying Storytellers should take note that running a live game is
very different from running old-style roleplaying games. You can no longer sit down
hour before play commences and dream up a quick plot. If you try to do this, your
will have lots of holes. If you change your setting in mid-story, you need to

Prepare everything in advance, or suffer the folly of sloth.
‘The main rule to remember when preparing your story is "show, don't tell." You
to present your story so players can make their own impressions of the environ-
t without your impressions being forced on them. Live games work because play-
can take the lead based on information they discover themselves. If you have not
eshed out your story enough — if you have to tell players what's going on — you
might as well be playing a tabletop roleplaying game.
To bea Storyteller, you need to work magic. You have to create the illusion that
your players are ghosts, dwelling so close to the "real" world but unable to be a part of
Fortunately for you, your players will probably cooperate in every way to help you
Maintain the illusion, but it's up to you to direct their attention from the gamelike
ts of roleplaying.

to Host a Game

Running an entire chronicle can be exhausting unless you pace yourself. Expect
spend a minimum of an hour per player writing the story and setting everything
Expect to actually play a story bi-monthly or even monthly. Trying to run a
ly game is very taxing and may result in the eventual death of your chronicle.

"t make your games frequent and tedious, but rare and spectacular.

eller Focus

As a Storyteller, your focus should always be on keeping the game running as
moothly as possible. To ensure that the game doesn't get out of hand, make sure you
‘enough Narrators. They'll serve to answer players' questions and resolve the
ority of inter-player disputes, as your arbitration should only be required in the
extreme circumstances.

More importantly, though, your Narrators will be an integral part of game ac-
on. Serving as Shadowguides and Harrowing Masters, Narrators will be in constant
teraction with players in all levels of your game. This requires a great deal of com-

ent from your Narrators, as they'll constantly be on the go, interacting with

ly a few characters at a time. On the up side, by having your Narrators serving as
dows, you have an instant conduit for getting information and rumors to charac-
as well as a constant source of player feedback on what's going on. Rather than
fing to cook up a convoluted plot to let characters know that an Anacreon's gone
spt, you can just have a Shadow whisper it in a wraith's ear. At the same time, if
action slows or people are getting frustrated, having your Narrators constantly
the floor will enable you to pinpoint trouble spots quickly.

201


Concentrate on where players stand in terms of resolving the plot or solving the
mystery you have given them. If they are struggling, drop a few hints and spread a few
rumors, then watch your Restless scramble to discover new information. If they are too
close to solving the mystery, throw in a red herring or create a new scene on the fly,
Improvisation is a potent art, and Storytellers who lear to use it are well-rewarded.

Ifyou are playing in public, you must serve as a buffer between the authorities of
the real world and the potential mayhem players can create. Discretion is the better
part of valor. Educate players on responsible playing, and do not hesitate to hand out
rewards or punishments as the need arises.

Preparation is essential to running a successful story. The greater the preparation,
the less you have to worry about maintaining focus. A well-prepared game frees you to
enjoy your creation and interact with players, while a poorly prepared game leaves you
scrambling to maintain control. When you maintain focus on story elements, the sur-
roundings and your players, you need not fear the results of any game session.

Pre-Game Tas
) here are several things you need to do to set up and run a game
of Oblivion.

1 — Make sure you know the size and scope of your game
before anything else; it's the only way to make sure there's
enough staff and plot for everyone.

2 — Geer all of your props and costumes lined up well in
advance. These usually require the most legwork and take the
most time to round up, so you don't want to be chasing after them last minute.

3 — Choose a good core staff and delegate. You can't do everything yourself;
don't even try. Find people you trust, and turn them loose.

4 —Make sure everyone is working on the same page. A lot of work can be wasted by
duplication or misunderstandings. Have everyone aware of what everyone else is doing.

5 — Keep a paper trail. Note when tasks are accomplished and where every-
thing is. Keep track of who did well and who didn't. It'll make next time easier.

6 — Define everyone's role. Power squabbles and unfinished tasks are both un-
productive.

7 —Set deadlines and keep to them for all tasks related to the game.

8 —Ger your essential paperwork done. This includes arranging sites, briefing
sheets and plot creation. Don't save this sort of work-intensive thing for the last
minute; if there's a screw-up, your whole game may be left high and dry.

9 — Pace yourself. If you burn out creating the game, you'll have no fun run-
ning it.

Character Creation

Itis your role as Storyteller (aided by Narrators) to guide players through the
character generation process. It is generally best to have character creation go 0m
off-line, well before your actual game action starts. This enables you to gauge acc"


rately the power level and mood of your game. In addition, character histories will

able you to create plotlines that will force characters to interact. Backgrounds will

0 allow you to bring in faces, places and items from a wraith's past; always useful if
action starts to flag.

After your players arrive for the game session, you need to introduce them to the

ic premise of the game. Your main goal should be to make story contribution as easy as

ossible for players. If players are beginners, show them the basics, but let them discover
intricacies of the game on their own. Hopefully everyone playing will have at least a
ic idea of the rules, but be prepared to field questions and help out beginners.

Start by laying out any briefing sheets you want to use on a table and invite

layers to look them over. You can pass out character sheets at the same time. Give

players time to look everything over and ask questions. If players can refer to the

ings and their character sheets while they listen to your explanations, they'll
stand how things work a lot better.

Tr's likely that you have certain roles in the story that you need filled. Your story
bly has requirements, in terms of characters and setting, that must be unde
by all concerned. Even if you don't have specific requirements, you probably

re a general idea of the types of characters you need. The best way to deal with

this is to request certain players to fill those roles beforehand; usually the extra

oomph" that a precreated character is likely to have (not to mention its obviously

tral role in upcoming plots) will be enough to make up for the disappointment a
yer might feel over not being able to create her own character.

If you're running an extended chronicle, odds are that most of your players will

imply show up and start playing once you declare things "on line." This makes your
6b a lot easier — who wants to do briefings at the beginning of every session? — but
s careful to catch new players who might get lost in the shuffle. Bringing them into
with what the rest of the game is already doing will make everyone happier than
players accidentally find themselves swimming upstream against established

ots and characters.

When players begin to arrive, you need to give them information. You need to
ell them what's happened since the last story (if anything) and should provide goals
hd motivations for the upcoming evening. Prepare as much information as you can
A written form for players to read as they arrive. Here are some handouts that we
ovide (or you can create) to facilitate your story's introduction.
© Character Sheets — You need to have enough of these for all your players.
wise to have spare sheets on hand, since players, who have their own characters,
forget theirs. In addition, you'll need Shadow sheets, pencils for everyone who's
otten their own, and cards for special Arcanos powers (such as Glow).
© Timetable — (For Narrators only) This sheet contains a chronological list of
all events that take place. Timetable sheets are useful for planning complex stories,
Ad help your Narrators coordinate where they have to be when. Events listed might
€, "10:00 PM. — Herald of Smiling Lord arrives and announces war with Jade
Empire." Make sure each Narrator has her own copy and go through the events on
handout during your Narrator briefing.


* Background Briefing — This is a one-pager that you can create to provide a
short background for the important characters of your chronicle. You should include
any important events that have occurred, rumors that are circulating throughout the
city and important things that have happened in previous games. A new player should
be able to pick up this handout and immediately have an idea of what is going on,
(Lost players tend to be bored players, and bored players don't come back.) The
handout can mention things like what city the chronicle takes place in and the
names of the local movers and shakers. Make several copies of this document and
give one to each player, or leave several out in the open for players to take.

© Character Briefing — Depending upon how thorough your character cre-
ation process is, you may need to let individual players know special tidbits that their
characters know. It's best to have these written down; even the most talented
roleplayers have to resort to their notes every now and then.

Guiding Players

‘Ax your players bexin to play oie the bedcy, it's possible djat they may be unsure
of themselves. New players in particular need some sort of guidance to help them
learn thenales end get uted to ecting out their charsoters' actions. Step into a minof
character of your story and engage a new player in a challenge to get her used to the
jiddeat Tie challenge' system wocks well in play, bue'miost pebple do init titimedintel
understand it until they actually defend themselves in a challenge. Try to let new
players win your challenge, as it builds their confidence, and confidence is sorely
needed when newcomers play in the same game as more experienced players.

Sometimes cast members also need help with their goals. A story that leans
heavily demand ioeeetigiaiesiiinay feratriliplayeetwho wish ante ce'ewo viral chies
Bvennually, canis playeermay cone aver toyyon keg ®t help, Unies ic is.a rile
question, or you have to clarify some point that a character should know, you might
fot: Walat tole oti fate ticasiawny £00 cll!) biter Ii wip inyer/tecel oes immediate
assistance from a Storyteller or Narrator, you introduce an omnipresent being into
the game. Playtrs uiny bectens depentieakon you.

Instead of giving direct answers to player questions, encourage players to figure
things out for themselves. Later, if a player really does need help, have another Nar-
rator, in the guise of a minor character, assist the player. If another Narrator is not
available, you can approach the player and offer aid through your own character
(although having another Narrator do it involves a touch of finesse). Pull your assis-
tance off cleanly, and the player will never know you have responded to his plea.

You also need to invent things to do for players who seem bored with the game.
These players have usually accomplished or hopelessly failed their goals, or can't find the
motivation to pursue a difficult goal. Your best option is to get a bored player involved in
another plot, or to make up a customized plot on the spot. If your character mentions a
lead to a powerful Artifact that others are looking for, the player may spend time follow-
ing that lead. Alternatively, giving the bored player a clue that someone else has missed
allows you to kill two birds with one stone. It's a good idea to have a library of new plots
con hondl that you' cari dtop tato yous cheonicle aeneeded.

Résienibés to be vigilancfor bored playera during yout first few games; first-time
players might not come back if they're bored all evening long. If you don't keep the

_


busy with plots, their characters may start soulforging each other into trivets

st for something to do. At this point, the game quickly degenerates into a free-for-

You'll probably find that players stay busy as your chronicle progresses because
spend more time involved in the plots of other players.

racting with Cast Members

Your key to interacting with cast members is the minor character known as an
a. An extra can be a pre-generated character already woven into the story, or a
acter created on the spur of the moment to fix a problem. You rarely need to
¢reate a character sheet for your extra; a basic concept is usually enough.
Each character you introduce needs to have an easily identifiable mark so play-
ers. can recognize which minor character you are playing. A wearable prop, such as a
coat, scarf, bandanna or amulet is usually enough. A distinct speech pattern,
ike an accent, is at least as useful. Remember that the mark needs to be something
that you can put on and take off quickly, since you may end up having to switch
ween several minor characters in an evening's story.
Your extra(s) should be enjoyable to play. During the middle of a story, you may
d that you and the Narrators have little to do. You then have a chance to play
your bit parts just for fun. Goa little wild. Try to provide some comic relief.

Aside from having a way to deal with players within the context of the story, you

need to handle players' questions outside the story. During the first half-hour of a game,

‘a good idea to keep a Narrator "out of game" to answer any questions players might

ve. When players step out of character to ask questions, you don't want them in the

jin playing area. Set the "outside" Narrator up in another room. The most important

g to remember when interacting with players is to never remind them they are play-
‘ing a game; addressing a Narrator as a Narrator does just that.

You may occasionally need to impart information that a character cannot offer.
You have to provide such information as discreetly as possible without distracting
Players from their characters. Shadows are the best way to go about doing this; re-
‘member that they may have access to the Spectres' hive mind if you need to explain
where the info came from.

If you want to be stylish about offering game information to players, you can
‘prepare notes for Narrators to hand to players who discover things. You can also put
‘notes in closed envelopes where clues might be found. You can write requirements
‘on the outside an envelope, requirements that must be met before the player may
Took at the clue within.
| One thing you want to avoid when dealing with players is letting them overuse
Narrators. Players may try to use Narrators as messengers, to summon other charac-
fers, or to try new and interesting abuses of Arcanoi. If a player asks for such favors
too often, Narrators can simply refuse their help. Especially in Oblivion, with the
added tasks of Shadowguiding and running Harrowings, Narrators are simply in too
short a supply to allow them to become hostages to characters or roles.


Working with Narrators

As a Storyteller, you can't do everything yourself. It's not possible. No matter
how good a Storyteller you are, you're going to need the help of Narrators (unless,
perhaps, you have only five or six players). If you try to run the whole story, you will
quickly become overwhelmed. It's best to delegate tasks and let your Narrators make
judgment calls.

Ideally, you, as Storyteller, should not have to deal with players very much (un-
less you establish yourself as a Narrator as well as Storyteller), You should wander
around and observe to make sure the story is proceeding well. Players should learn to
go to Narrators with their questions. A player should refer to you only if a Narrator
has no idea how to handle a question.

To ensure that Narrators understand what's going to happen in the story, you
should meet with them early in the evening. If no one but you knows what's going
on, Narrators aren't much use. You should assign tasks to Narrators at this time. For
example, you can ask a Narrator to provide a clue to a character, but let the Narrator
work out how and when it's delivered.

Narrators need to keep you informed of their rulings and of story events. Avoid
reversing a decision that a Narrator has made. Doing so makes Narrators seem inde-
cisive and leads players to doubt them. If you want to run a large game, you are going
to need assistants, and you have to learn to communicate with them effectively.

qhe Teeming Hordes

For Oblivion, the one thing that you will need is a large cast of willing Narrators.
There is simply more for Narrators to do in Oblivion than in any other Mind's Eye
Theatre game, and if you underpopulate your Narrative staff, you shortchange your play-
ers by creating long lines for Harrowings and few opportunities for Shadow interaction.
Do whatever it takes to make sure that you have enough Narrators, or your story will fall
apart. While players can do Static Tests on their own for things like Pathos gain, there's
only so much that they can do to make up for Narrators' absence.

Pacing the Story

More often than not, a story does not run according to schedule. It either drags
late into the night, or cast members work too quickly and become bored with their
accomplishments. It's during times like these that you need to reach into your bag of
tricks and adjust the pace of the story.

Dealing with stories that are running too long is, thankfully, relatively simple.
It's easy to push on the accelerator. You can start by doling out clues and information
through character contacts and new props. One of the simplest tools you can have in
your repertoire is a number of characters to throw into the adventure. Simply intro-
duce a character who has the tools to help solve the problem, but for a price.

Prolonging play time is a little more tricky than reducing it. Prolonging play
time means prolonging the story, but if the story is complete, you have to make up
new events in the spot. However, instead of creating an entirely new plot, you might
be able to extend the "finished" story by going on past its logical conclusion. Extend-


id who like to work "on the run."
If you foresee the story ending early, there are ways of prolonging it by distract-
ing players. Essentially, you introduce subplots in order to pull characters off the
aten path. If you have a chance, work out one or two subplots for every story.
Try not to overuse any particular devices for prolonging a story. The best way to

act, or have a Doppelganger infestation. One of the more unusual tricks to use

ile improvising is to create a set of events with no obvious explanation. Then

ten to the explanations your players propose and choose one to be the case, or base

our explanation on the theory you like best. While this tactic may seem cheesy,
¢ absolutely amazing stories can be developed this way.

In Mind's Eye Theatre, the Storyteller and Narrators have only limited control

er what occurs in the story. While you can often predict human behavior to know

where a story might lead, things never work out as planned. Players have a tendency

0 ignore old goals, creating new ones without a second thought. While such situa-
can be disconcerting, it's not always a bad thing.

Unforeseen plot turns are, in fact, what Mind's Eye Theatre is all about. No
‘other game is so open or free. No other game is so full of possibilities and surprises.
No other game lets players be as creative or have as much control. The trick is to use

at the players give you, instead of fighting with them.

If players generate new plots, you can continue them in the next story, provid-
ing you with new material upon which to build. If you let players run with what they

ome up with, your story may go on for some time. While the story may go off on a
tangent, headed toward no foreseeable conclusion, you can usually apply finesse to
work things out. The hardest part is knowing when to say "no" and when to stop
destructive subplots in their tracks. The rule of thumb is, if a new direction adds
depth to the story, entertains people and doesn't get in the way, let it run its course.
As with all things, though, people can go too far. The following are some signs indi-

ig that events might be getting out of control:

© Characters begin attacking everything that moves for no obvious reason.

© There is excessive character "death" during a game.

* A key antagonist is killed, disabled, captured or otherwise prevented from
becoming a key figure in the story.

‘© Important items or clues are destroyed, discarded or stolen.

© Gangs of Renegades numbering a dozen or more start hanging out in the
Citadel and dictating Hierarchy policy.

© The moral center of the game (i.e., the struggle against Oblivion) is discarded

‘Try to avoid halting the story altogether. Work within the story to put things
right. Once a player puts a plan into motion, you can add elements to his plan which
Cause it to fail. Only when things look bleak, and you have tried in vain to fix story
problems, should you introduce the deus ex machina ending. Essentially a plot ham-
mer, the D.E.M. should be reserved for those moments when the chronicle needs to


be manhandled back into some semblance of playability. Use a plot hammer too
often, and players will feel that they're being controlled too tightly. Use it too sel-
dom, and characters can run amuck.

Good uses of the plot hammer include killing off problem characters, introduc-
ing a powerful outsider who'll force characters to cease pointless internal squabbling,
bringing in an overwhelming threat that dictates that everyone work together to
stop it, or, in a last resort, stopping the game until you've had time to regroup and
your players have had a chance to calm down. Also, the downtime will allow you to
introduce plot elements via e-mail or conversations with players that will serve to
prevent recurrences of trouble situations.

laying Down the Law

It's your responsibility to ensure that players are not a hazard to others, includ-
ing people who are not involved in the game. It is mandatory that the normal rules
of social interaction be adhered to strictly. Most players will probably work with you
in this regard. However, from time to time, there are those who prove disruptive to
other players and the environment where the game is being played.

Many times this disruption occurs by accident. However, there may be instances
when players get out of hand on purpose. If such a situation presents itself, it's not
considered bad taste to remove the offender from your game. It is, after all, your game
and your creation. The integrity of your game should be preserved for the enjoyment
of other players. The integrity of the game should also be upheld in the minds of
those who do not play or understand Mind's Eye Theatre.


As Storyteller (and to a lesser degree as a Narrator), you have final word in any

pute that may arise between players. It is your responsibility to maintain peace
ven players to insure the smooth flow of the story and its enjoyment by all.

Players should be given the opportunity to speak their minds on a situation in

which they disagree. While it is suggested that you listen to a player's grievances,

and your players will respect you for it. Ifa player's problems prove a disruption to the
, they may have to be put on hold and dealt with after the night's session.

aking the Rules

The rules are yours to use and abuse as you see fit. The novelist Richard Bach
said, "Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours." Do not limit
ion should be played may

the story does not serve the rules. If you come upon a situation that isn't covered by
rules, don't panic — improvise. Improvising rules involves applying common
sense to a situation. Don't be afraid of going against the grain in such cases. By
playing this game, you are exploring a new frontier in roleplaying. It is your duty to
test the limits of Mind's Eye Theatre.



aracter Creation

Risen is a wraith whose Passions have provided enough impe-

tus to allow her to cross the Shroud and reanimate her corpse.

Obviously, there are some differences between a Risen and a

normal wraith, the chief being which side of the Shroud they

dwell on. There are others, though, and it is a good thing that

Risen are so rare. Too many fall prey to their Shadows and

wreak Skinlands havoc, which is why the Hierarchy has made

attempting to Rise illegal. Fortunately, few wraiths have the

bination of incentive, talent and training that goes into making a Risen from an

rerage Restless.

Risen still have the innate abilities of Deathsight, Lifesight and Heightened

Senses. These abilities can sometimes be a detriment to a Risen wraith, as they make

timpossible for him to ignore the pain and suffering of the waking world. A Risen's

adow will eagerly take advantage of the ability to point out such misery up close,

Phot to mention the differences between the vibrantly alive denizens of the Skinlands

id the Risen himself. For this reason, Risen gain Angst much more quickly than

Fegular wraiths; all Temporary Angst gains from either Dark Passions or Arcanoi are
Moubled for Risen.

AA Risen's Shadow does not dwell within the body to which the wraith has returned

Rather, it exists outside of the host body in an object (or an animal) called a Conduit.


Generally one of the wraith's most important Fetters, the Conduit normally holds the
Risen's Shadow (though it can still communicate telepathically with the Psyche). How-
ever, when Catharsis occurs, it is the Psyche that is imprisoned in the Conduit; the
switch is instantaneous. A Conduit has 10 Health Levels, just like a Risen, but if a Con-
duit is damaged, the Risen's ability to heal is seriously compromised.

‘The Risen also have one additional Arcanos to learn — Fascinate — which only
they can possess. Artifacts and Status have no meaning for the Risen, as Artifacts don't
travel to or function in the Skinlands, and a wraith's Status at the local Necropolis doesn't
mean anything to vampires, werewolves or mortals in the society of the Skinlands.

To make up for the fact that they lose certain basics of wraithly existence by
crossing the Shroud, the Risen are able learn vampiric Disciplines (See Laws of the
Night). However, only Celerity, Fortitude, Obfuscate and Potence can be learned or
purchased through the use of Negative Traits (Higher levels can be purchased with
experience). On the other hand, certain Arcanoi are denied to the Risen.

Arcanoi and Disciplines
ve ul Prohibited Arcanoi

ny Risen must have Puppetry as one of his initial Arcanoi, and
must also take at least basic levels of Inhabit or Embody. These
Arcanoi aren't necessarily helpful to a Risen in his trans-
Shroudal existence. Instead, they represent the knowledge
needed to become Risen in the first place. This leaves a new
Risen with an additional Arcanos slot to fill; Disciplines, how-
ever, can only be purchased with Negative Traits.

Some of the Arcanoi don't function as well or are distorted
upon entering the Skinlands, while others just plain don't work. Risen can use Castigate,
Fatalism, Flux, Intimation, Keening, Mnemosynis and Usury, all of which function nor-
mally in the Skinlands. Argos, Embody, Phantasm, Moliate, Outrage and Puppetry can-
not be used at all by a Risen. This holds true even if the wraith knew those Arcanoi
before Rising. They simply don't function in the Skinlands. Pandemonium and Inhabit
can be used by Risen, but at a cost of one additional Pathos per use. Arts which are free to
wraiths in the Shadowlands cost one Pathos for a Risen, and so on.

A wraith who is Shellriding does not actually dissolve into the machine being
"ridden" or controlled. Rather, the effect occurs from a distance, though another
wraith with Inhabit can detect the Risen's influence. While certain Inhabit Arts
may seem useless to a Risen, they must all be learned in order nonetheles:
(Developer's note: Before the howling starts, it's a question of theory vs. practice.
Besides, the Risen will probably be returning to the Shadowlands at some point, and
the knowledge acquired as a Risen will be useful then.)

There is no Guild for the Risen-exclusive Arcanos Fascinate, but many Risen
simply seem to acquire the knack as they wander the Skinlands. As becoming Risen
is strictly against Hierarchy law, even wraiths who Rise and then return to the
Shadowlands don't pass on their knowledge. However, that doesn't keep new Risen
from learning Fascinate on their own.


Theatre

fascinate

Fascinate is the ability of some Risen to affect the minds of the Quick by insert
ing some thought or compulsion that the person cannot banish. It is similar to Keen-
ing, although it works with simple thoughts instead of pure emotion. This ability is
frequently used when a Risen's Passions can be fulfilled by coercing a mortal into
performing some action he might be already inclined to take.

The use of Fascinate is a very intimate interaction with a mortal. To use Fasci-
nate, the Risen must make eye contact with the target, and the ability is easier to use
if the two are not alone. Also, Fascinate will not cause the mortal to do anything
contrary to his Nature. Instead it is a tool of persuasion and manipulation, wearing
on the target's nerves and will until he complies.

inmate Abilities

© Deja Vu: Most of us are surrounded by the faces of strangers, many of which

never worm their way into our recollection. By using this ability, the Risen can make
a person remember having seen her before, regardless of whether this is true or not

To use Deja Vu, the player makes a Social Challenge against the target. If the
target had seen the Risen before, and the Risen was successful in her challenge, the
target will remember the Risen. If the target has never seen the Risen before, and she
was successful in her challenge, the target will feel that he knows her from some-
where, though he can't quite remember where. In the latter instance, the target is at
down one Trait on all Social Challenges with the Risen.

© Tuning In: By whistling or humming a sequence of notes, a Risen can im-
plant the tune in the target's mind so that she can't get it out of her head. The victim
will have trouble concentrating on tasks, and may well be driven to act odd acts in
order to get the song out of her head.

The player must enter an Extended Social Challenge with the target. Each suc-
cess represents an hour during which the target will hear the tune in the back of his
mind when not actively concentrating on something else. The effect of this constant
background noise is to make the target down two Traits on all Social Challenges
during the Arcanos' duration.


© Distraction: The wraith can make the target suddenly remember something
else that she has to attend to, breaking her concentration, if only briefly.

Distraction essentially works as a method of interrupting another's social interac-
tions or challenges. At an appropriate (or inappropriate) moment, the Risen enters a
Social Challenge against the target. This challenge supersedes any challenge the target
may already be involved in, as it is an attempt to break the target's concentration.

If the Risen wins the challenge, the target becomes distracted and automati-
cally fails at whatever task she was attempting to accomplish. If the target was in-
volved in some sort of challenge, she loses the challenge unless she spends a Will-
power Trait to counteract the Arcanos' effects.

Basic

© Remembrance: This art insures that the target will remember a simple though,
phrase, object or errand. A Risen who has mastered this art need never fear that those he
uses it on will forget those simple things like telephone numbers, umbrellas or addre:
However, Remembrance is limited to simple concepts, and will not serve to make a
target remember any concept that cannot be described in a simple sentence.

This art is not always obviously useful, but with a little bit of creativity it can be
quite effective. Using Remembrance to insert a particular address of which the target
has no previous knowledge or memory can be an excellent way to lure the target to
that site. Conversely, a Risen with a Fetter in danger may use Remembrance to cause
the individual to remember something about the Fetter that makes it worth saving.

The player enters an Extended Social Challenge with the target. The number of
successes gained determines the amount of time that the target will focus on this matter.
With one success, the target will remember for around five minutes or so. With two
successes, the target will remember fora day. With three successes, the target will remem-
ber for a week, while with four successes, the target will remember for a month or more.

This art costs one Pathos Trait.

© Charge of Duty: The Risen can give her target a simple, one-concept statement
that he must take to heart, so long as it is both relevant and in tune with her Nature. For
example, this art could be used on a woman who feels guilty over the fact that she has
been neglecting her child. The idea that she should be spending time with her daughter
instead of drinking at bars and clubs could be successfully implanted in this case, as the
notion is already in her mind. In actuality, this art is a method of taking subconscious
urges and making them conscious (as well as borderline compulsive)

The player enters an Extended Social Challenge with the target. The number
of successes reflects how embedded and the strength of the idea in the target's mind.
There is no Pathos cost for this art.

intermediate

* Driving Urge: With this art the Risen can implant an obsession on.a mortal, related
to undertaking a simple, repetitive duty. The duty cannot be anything that directly puts the
mortal into harm's way, or that would cause harm to anyone close to the target. Otherwise,
though, the sky's the limit. A Risen with the art of Driving Urge could drive a mortal to an
obsessive behavior, similar to Lady Macbeth's washing the imaginary blood on her hands, or
condition fez targer so that he stopped by a particular building to check on it every day.


Using Driving Urge requires the investment of one Willpower Trait and one
point of Pathos, and gives the Risen a point of Temporary Angst. To implant an
obsession, the Risen enters an Extended Social Challenge with the target. Every
success implanting the idea into the target's mind more and more thoroughly.

Obsessions implanted by Driving Urge do not ever wear off, but they can be
removed through creative uses of Dominate or Mnemosynis.

Advanced

© Target Lock: Target Lock fixates its subject on one item or person to the
point of mania. It can create stalkers out of mild-mannered accountants or focus
normally level-headed citizens on the tiniest minutiae. It creates in its target an
‘obsession that mirrors the Risen's own.

Target Lock costs one Pathos point and one Willpower Trait. Furthermore, the
Risen also acquires two Temporary Angst points. To use this art, the Risen must enter an
Extended Social Challenge with the target and vocalize the obsession she is attempting
to insinuate into her victim's mind. Each success further implants and entrenches the
‘obsession while also determining how complex the implanted obsession can be.

A mortal or vampire acting under Target Lock will seem single-minded and
obsessive, paying no heed to much besides the implanted impulse driving him. Such
behaviors will be obvious to anyone who knows the target, but little short of
Mnemosynis or Dominate will serve to "cure" the victim.

Most denizens in the World of Darkness have' no idea as to Fascinate's exist-
ence, and will put down its effects to either other sorts of supernatural meddling or
mundane mental disorders.

Learning Vampiri Disciplines
The Risen have the ability to leam certain vampiric Disciplines. Some even have
‘an innate talent for one Discipline or another. Not all Disciplines can be learned; those
that can are Celerity, Fortitude, Obfuscate and Potence. It should be noted that, due to
_ the nature of Lifesight, Risen cannot use Obfuscate to hide from other wraiths. Instead,
Lifesight will show wraiths the aura of an Obfuscated Risen (or, for that matter, vampire).
Instead of using blood to fuel these abilities, Risen use Pathos. When a Risen's
Shadow is in control, it may use any Discipline that the wraith knows, fueling them
with Angst instead of Pathos.
Risen characters only rarely start with Disciplines instead of Arcanoi, but they
can learn Disciplines as they go along.

: Te Reena Risen and the Conduit

a) he most essential thing to a Risen is his Conduit, the item or
thing that houses his Shadow. Each Conduit is unique to each

Hi) Risen. Most often the Conduit is one of the Risen's Fetters,
something that exerted a particularly powerful hold over the

q| wraith in life. The Conduit is usually a small, portable item, as
fai the Risen must always have the Conduit nearby. As this is rather


difficult if the Fetter in question is something as large and immobile as an office
building, things like pocketwatches, coins, photographs, pieces of jewelry and the
like are most common. Some Risen decide to use animals as their Conduits. These
cases are rare indeed, as it takes a talented and willing Puppeteer to replace the
animal' spirit with the wraith's Shadow.

An item becomes a Conduit when the wraith passes out of the Shadowlands
and becomes a Risen. At this time, the wraith's Psyche should find itself in its old
body, while its Shadow should take up residence in the Conduit. It doesn't always
happen this way; sometimes things get reversed. Plus, there's nothing to keep the
two from flip-flopping places during Cathar

Ifa person other than the Risen holds the Conduit, the Risen can use Arcanoi
on that person that normally require physical touch or eye contact. The Arcanos in
question must be one that the Risen can normally use in the Skinlands, such as
Usury or Fascination.

It's almost ironic, given the battle of wills wraiths must constantly fight with
their Shadows, that the first thing a Risen must do is find her Conduit, which holds
the consciousness of her Shadow. Without it her Corpus will slowly disintegrate,
generally over a period of a few days. Stranger still is the fact that the same holds true
for the Shadow, for when the Shadow is in control, it possesses the body and the
Psyche is trapped in the Conduit. However, the Shadow is unable to destroy the
Conduit, and will suffer unbearable pain if separated from it.

A Risen must protect his Conduit at all times. If the Conduit is damaged, the
Risen's link to the Shadowlands is compromised, and her ability to function and heal
in the Skinlands is jeopardized. As such, most Risen are exceedingly protective of
their Conduits. It is one of the ironies of the Risen's experience that they usually
spend most of their energies protecting that which houses their Shadows. Each Con-
duit has 10 Health Levels, corresponding to a Risen's own 10 Corpus Levels, regard-
less of the Conduit's physical form. A Conduit in the form of a glass pendant is no
less difficult to destroy than one in the form of a steel pencil case or a black cat. Ifthe
Conduit is damaged, the Risen is also wounded; a Risen can have no more Corpus
Levels than its Conduit has Health Levels. A Risen whose Conduit has taken seven
levels of damage can have no more than three Corpus Levels until he repairs his
Conduit. [faggravated damage is done to the Conduit, the Risen will also take aggra-
vated damage equal to that done to the Conduit. When all 10 Health Levels are
gone, the Conduit is destroyed, and the Risen falls into a Destruction Harrowing.

‘A Conduit cannot be healed or repaired normally. In order to repair the Con-
duit, the Risen must spend a Willpower Trait and a Pathos point and gain a Tempo-
rary Angst point. No more than one Health point may be restored to a Conduit pert
day, and the Risen must Slumber before attempting any further repairs.

Itis very important for a Risen to keep his Conduit nearby. Not only is damage
to the Conduit a grave risk for any Risen, but mere separation from the Conduit is
damaging. If a Risen is separated from his Conduit, he will obsess on recovering it to
the exclusion of all else, and with good reason. For each hour the Risen has no
physical contact with his Conduit, he loses one level of Pathos. That loss cannot be
recovered until he is able to get in contact with his Conduit once more. Indeed,
without his Conduit, it is impossible for a Risen to harvest Pathos at all.


If a Risen is separated from his Conduit for more than 24 hours, his body will

art to decompose at the rate of one Corpus Level per day. This damage cannot be

led, and does affect his ability in challenges. If the Conduit is not recovered

before his Corpus reaches zero, his Psyche immediately plunges into Oblivion with-
out even the last chance of a Destruction Harrowi

4 Note-on Conduits

Health, Combat andthe Risen

| he bodies of the Risen are dead. They do not tire norm:

Risen may seck Slumber for other reasons. Immune to the necessi
ties of mortal existence, Risen do not need to eat or drink, nor do
} they breathe. In addition, Risen are immune to extremes of tem
perature, feeling neither heat nor cold. Unlike vampires, they do
Shel! not have to worry about their blood freezing (most Risen are filled
with embalming fluid, a.k.a. antifreeze, anyway),
Risen also do not feel pain the way living creatures do. They register the sensa
tion of pain, but it doesn't occur to their brains that they should mind. Pain is a
distant sensation to a Risen, and this enables them to continue functioning long
after suffering damage that would leave even a vampire whimpering on the floor in


agony. Only aggravated damage done to a Risen or her Conduit will produce actual,
immediate pain. (Note: Risen will also feel very uncomfortable if they ingest any-
thing, though the sensation is more akin to incapacitating nausea than pain.)

Risen can be deadly in combat. Physical pain does not slow them much until
the point where they suffer actual structural damage. While Risen do feel pain in an
abstract way, it is merely sensory input to them as opposed to crippling agony. A
broken arm does not mean intense pain to a Risen; it simply means that the arm in
question may no longer bend well enough to be useful at the moment. Furthermore,
since Risen are capable of such rapid healing, even shattered limbs and the like
rarely slow them down for long, so long as they have Pathos upon which to draw

Only a few things cause a Risen aggravated damage: fire, werewolf claws and
teeth, and vampire fangs and claws from the use of Protean. Silver, holy wate
and other traditional means of defending oneself against a supernatural being do not
cause aggravated damage to Risen, nor do regular rounds of ammunition.

Risen and Damage

Since pain will nor incapacitate her, a Risen will not suffer a penalty to any of
her Ph hallenges or actions when she has taken damage unless that damage is
aggravated. After all, a bullet to the gut is only a high-velocity impact when internal
bleeding and ruptured organs are no longer concerns. On the other hand, a Risen
who's had her leg muscles carbonized by a bath from a flame-thrower will not be able
to move effectively until healed. In most ca:

s, though, a Risen is capable of con-
tinuing to fight full tilt until her body literally falls apart

The health of a Risen is measured by her Corpus rating, effectively giving her
up to 10 Health Levels. A Risen's Corpus rating corresponds to the health of her
body. Damage to a Risen's Corpus can be healed by spending Pathos, and a Risen is


capable of restoring one Corpus point per turn. If a Risen is wounded while her

Shadow is in control, the Shadow can effect healing by spending Angst instead of
Pathos.

Ifa Risen loses all her Corpus Levels but still has Pathos, she is considered to be
unconscious, and will lie unmoving until such a time as she is able to heal her Cor-
pus. During this apparently quiet time, the Risen must make a Static Challenge, asa
bitter struggle for control is going on between the Psyche and the Shadow. The win-
ner of the challenge will take control of the body when the struggle is over; the loser
is banished to the Conduit. If the player wins, the Psyche maintains its hold on the
body; if she loses, the Shadow takes over. Sometimes the Psyche will even voluntar-
ily relinquish control to the Shadow if the Shadow appears to have a better chance
lof extricating their shared Corpus from whatever predicament it is now in

The length of time a Risen is unconscious varies. When determining how long
his character will be out, the player must enter an Extended Static Physical Chal-
Tenge. The number of successes gained in the Extended Challenge determines how
quickly the Risen awakens. With five or more successes, the Risen is only uncon-
Scious for a minute; with four successes, the Risen is out for three minutes; with three
Successes, the Risen is unconscious for five minutes; with two successes, it takes 10
Minutes for the Risen to become conscious again; with one success, a Risen can
Come to in an hour; with no successes, the Risen needs six hours of game time to
fecover.

An unconscious Risen is indistinguishable from a corpse, and may well be carted
Off to a morgue before anyone realizes the mistake

A Risen who has burned all of her Pathos but retains at least one level of Cor
us undergoes Catharsis. When in command, the Shadow draws upon the untouched
eserves of Temporary Angst to fuel her actions. Many hunters who thought that

they'd worn down a Risen to a "safe" level have experienced unpleasant — and fatal
= surprises. It is one thing for a hunter to deal with a weary, dispassionate Risen
Entirely another to face a Risen controlled by a bloodthirsty and potent Shadow

If a Risen loses all her Corpus Levels and Pathos, her tenure as a Risen
ended, and her body will revert to the state it was in before the wraith became a
Risen. Complete destruction of a Risen's heart or brain will also destroy her, though
this task is easier said than done. Once a Risen is destroyed, her Psyche plur


straight into a Destruction Harrowing. If she survives this, she returns to the
Shadowlands and can no longer become Risen. If she fails, she is utterly annihilated,

Slumber and Healing

Since Risen have physical bodies and cannot fade into their Fetters, they have
difficulty Slumbering. In order to achieve Slumber, a Risen must be in physical con-
tact with one of his Fetters for the full eight hours of Slumber. If contact is broken
before the eight hours Slumbering normally takes, the Risen will wake prematurely
and will not gain the full benefit of his rest.

The benefits of Slumbering are reduced for Risen. To heal normal damage through
Slumber, a Risen must enter an Extended Static Physical Challenge with a tie treated
asa loss and thereby stopping further benefits. One Corpus Level is regained for each
successful challenge.

Otherwise, normal damage can be healed at a rate of one Pathos Trait per level.
Aggravated damage can be healed in the same manner that normal wraiths use.

If a Risen's Conduit is destroyed, whichever of the wraith's personalities was
inhabiting it at the time is destroyed as well. The remaining personality in the ani-
mated body is now free of the other half, though only for the relatively few hours it
will take to decompose.

Travel Between the Worlds

ome Risen are strong enough to travel back and forth between
the Skinlands and the Shadowlands. Such travel is risky, and
comes at a high price, but there are those who are willing to
pay when it suits their purposes. Ifa Risen wishes to return for
fl whatever reason to the Shadowlands, she would be well ad-
vised to find a safe place to store her body for the duration of
her journey. Returning to the Shadowlands, she will leave her
body in the Skinlands where it begins decomposing naturally.
The physical representation of the Risen's Conduit remains in the Skinlands, but
the Shadow reintegrates with the Psyche. To travel to the Shadowlands, a Risen
must spend two points of Pathos and then make a Static Physical Challenge. If she is
successful, she returns to the Shadowlands and gains a point of Temporary Angst. To
return to the Skinlands, a Risen visiting the Shadowlands must once again attempt


to meld with her body using Skinriding. In addition, she must again spend two Pa-
thos points to break through the Shroud and make another Static Physical Chal-
lenge. If the challenge is unsuccessful, the return to the Skinlands is successful, but

"the Psyche will find itself in the Conduit and the Shadow will assume control of the
shared body. Also, the Shadow will gain one point of Temporary Angst from the
Psyche losing the challenge.

Spark of Death forthe Risen

hile the character creation process for a Risen is mostly identical
to that for a wraith, there are a few differences tacked onto the
end. Risen do not get Backgrounds, nor do they get Influences.
On a slightly different level, there is the question of ap-
pearance. The Risen are physical beings, and their appearance
is tied to their body. The wounds that killed a Risen will ap-
pear as scars on her body. A player who is taking a Risen char-
acter needs to decide if others will be able to see the scars of her death or whether
they are hidden from view. She also need to decide what her Risen character looks
like: Is she still wearing the half-decomposed clothes that she was buried in? Is her
skin a light-blue/whitish tint from having embalming fluid in her veins and being
buried for a while? Alll these appearances are important to allow roleplaying to flour-
ish between other players and yourself.

Becoming Risen
Existing wraith characters may choose, with Storyteller permission, to become
Risen. Assuming the wraith meets all of the Arcanos requirements, she can petition
a Storyteller to become Risen. If her character's body is still more or less intact, and
~ she can convince her Shadow (played by a Narrator) that crossing the Shroud would
__ be a good idea, the only thing standing in the way of Rising is a Static Physical
Challenge, along with the investment of two Pathos and one Willpower Trait.

Mind you, the Shadow will drive a hard bargain for its cooperation, anything
from being guaranteed "frolic" time to the destruction of a single Fetter. While most
Shadows would love the opportunity to do damage in the Skinlands, they will play
hard to get and attempt to wring as many concessions as possible from the Psyche
before relenting.



Chapter Nine:
hers

Humans

What we wanted was: consolation
the hand of strangers, help for pain
What we wanted was: to be sure no friends were lost in vain
— Oysterband, "All That Way For This"
ortal humans are an essential element of Oblivion. If nothing else,
they're ll potential ghosts. More importantly, they help define wraiths'
Passions and Fetters. Without loved ones to protect, murderers to deal
with, contractors seeking to tear down Haunts, friends to assist and
g) enemies to bedevil, wraiths lose much of their purpose and definition.
With that in mind, it vital to have plenty of humans in any
game of Oblivion. Characters can later "graduate" to become wraiths
if they wish (though the focus should be on staying alive, after all), but in the meantime
there should be plenty of normal human beings running around to interact with the wraiths,
Both players and Narrators should be involved in the human side of things as well.

Human Character Creation

Creating a human character operates in more or less the same fashion as wraith
character creation. You should have a concept for your human character, as well as a
Nature and Demeanor. Humans also get Attribute and Ability Traits, along with


wever, Influence Traits,

which demonstrate they have tal world. In addition,

mortals can purch powers which allow them to exert a bit of

supernatural influence of their own.
tending to cross Oblivion over with Masquerad
you may wish to use the Hunter creation rul

tagonis'

Mortal Character Creation Chart

Step One: Character Concept — Who are you?

© Figure

Select Attributes — What are your basic capabilities?

Step Thee: Select Abilities — What do you know?
Step Four: Select Advantages — What makes you human?

Step Five: Last Touches — What makes you unique?

© Your ¢ 1 to the list of Neg


Characters may expend Influence Traits to accomplish goals relating to a specific
aspect of mortal society. Many Influences, such as Street and Underworld, perform simi-
lar functions, but generally one will be more efficient at performing the task in question.
Set by the Storyteller, the difficulty of a task equals the number of Traits that must be
expended to accomplish the task, and can be subject to sudden change depending upon
circumstance. The suggested guideline listed along with each area of Influence can change
dramatically between chronicles or even between sessions.

Sometimes a Narrator will require a challenge of some sort to represent the
uncertainty or added difficulty involved when exercising Influence. Some uses of
Influence may not actually cost Influence to use, but rather require that the player
simply possess a certain level of the Influence in question.

To use Influence actively, you should explain to the Narrator what sort effect
you wish to create. The Narrator then decides the Trait cost, the time involved (both
teal and in-game) and any tests required to achieve the Influence effect. Influence
Traits used this way are temporarily considered to have been expended, and are not
recovered until the next session. The effects of using Influence can be instantaneous
and brief, or slow to manifest and permanent, depending on the nature of the ma-
nipulation and the degree of power the character wields.

Sometimes players will want to perform actions that do not seem to fall under
any single Influence group, or which may require the use of multiple Influences. Say
a character wants to open a nightclub in her city. Obviously, she will need Finance,
but High Society and Media might be useful to stimulate interest and promote the
club as something really spectacular. Furthermore, what if the area targeted for her
venture is not zoned for clubs? Bureaucracy could be useful in changing zoning, not
to mention in acquiring the proper licenses and permits. Therefore, in certain cases,
a Storyteller may decide that two or more types of Influence are necessary to accom-
plish a goal. Not only is this more realistic, but it also encourages characters to inter-
act more widely than they might have otherwise in order to obtain the Influences
they need.

Humans can trade Influences with each other much like children trade baseball
(or Arcadia) cards. These trades may be permanent or temporary. In the case of
permanent trades, the old owner erases the Trait from his sheet and turns over the
appropriate Influence card (if your chronicle uses these) to the new owner. The new
‘owner then records her newly acquired Influence Trait on her character sheet. Tem-
porary trades of Influence occur when a human is merely doing a favor or loaning her
Influence to someone else. In this case, the owner does not erase the Trait, but in-
stead makes a note that it is no longer in her possession. The holder of the Influence
Trait may use it immediately or hold onto to it until she feels she needs it. However,
the original owner of the Influence Trait may not regain the Trait until the current
holder expends or voluntarily returns it.

Sometimes characters may wish to try to counteract the Influence of other char-
acters. In such cases, it generally costs one Trait per Trait being countered. The char-
acter willing to expend the most Influence Traits (assuming she has them to spend)
achieves her goal; all Traits used in this sort of conflict are considered expended.

In practice, the use of Influence is never instantaneous and rarely expedient.
While a character may be able to, say, condemn any building in the city, it will not
be torn down that night. For sake of game flow, a Storyteller may allow trivial uses of


Influence to only take half an hour. Major manipulations, on the other hand, can

become the center of ongoing plots requiring several sessions to bring to fruition

The guidelines below by no means limit the number of Influence Traits that can

be spent at one time or the degree of change a character may bring about. They are

merely an advisory measure to help Storytellers adjudicate the costs of certain ac-

tions.

Actions followed by an asterisk (*) below indicate that their effects can gener.

ally be accomplished without expending an Influence Trait

Bureaucracy

The organizational aspects of local, state or even federal government fall within

the character's sphere of control. She can bend and twist the tangle of rules and

regulations that seem necessary to run our society a

ss she sees fit. The character may

have contacts or allies among government clerks, supervisors, utility workers, road

crews, surveyors and numerous other civil servants.

Cost

1

2

Desired Effect
Trace utility bills*

Fake a birth certificate or driver's license
Disconnect a small residence's utilities

Close a small road or park

Get public aid ($250)

Fake a death certificate, passport or green card
Close a public school for a single day

Tum a single utility on a block on or off

Shut down a minor business on a violation
Initiate a phone tap

Initiate a department-wide investigation

Fake land deeds

Start, stop or alter a city-wide program or policy
Shut down a big business on a violation

Rezone areas

Obliterate records of a person on a city and county level

Arrange a fixed audit of a person or business


Even churches are not without politics and intrigue upon which an opportunis-
tic person may capitalize. Church Influence usually only applies to mainstream faiths,
such as Christianity, Judaism, Buddhism and the Islamic faith. Sometimes other prac-
tices fall under the Occult Influence. Contacts and allies affected by Church Influ-
ence include: ministers, bishops, priests, activists, evangelists, witch-hunters, nuns
and various church attendees and assistants.

Cost Desired Effect

1 Identify most secular members of a given faith in the local area

Pass as a member of the clergy *

Peruse general church records (baptism, marriage, burial, etc.)
Identify higher church members

Track regular congregation members

Suspend lay members

Open or close a single church

Dip into the collection plate ($250)

Find the average church-associated hunter

Access to private information and archives of church
Discredit or suspend higher-level members
Manipulate regional branches

Organize major protests

‘Access ancient church lore and knowledge

Borrow or access church relics or sacred items

Use the resources of a diocese

Finance

The world teems with the trappings of affluence and stories of the rich and
famous. Humans with the Finance Influence speak this language of money and know
where to find capital. They have a degree of access to banks, megacorporations and
the truly wealthy citizens of the world. Such characters also have a wide variety of
Servants to draw upon, such as CEOs, bankers, corporate yes-men, financiers, bank
tellers, stock brokers and loan agents.

Cost Desired Effect

I Earn money; learn about major transactions and financial events

Raise capital ($1,000)

Learn about general economic trends*

Learn real motivations for many financial actions of others
Trace an unsecured small account

Raise capital to purchase a small business (single, small store)
Purchase a large business (a few small branches or a single large
store or service)

Manipulate local banking (delay deposits, some credit rating
alterations)


Ruin a small business

5 Control an aspect of citywide banking (shut off ATMs, arrange
a bank "holiday")

Ruin a large business

Purchase a major company
6 Spark an economic trend

Instigate widespread layoffs

Health |

In our modern world, a myriad of organizations and resources exists to deal with
every mortal ache and ill, at least in theory. The network of health agencies, hospi-
tals, asylums and medical groups is subject to exploitation by a human with Health
Influence. Nurses, doctors, specialists, lab workers, therapists, counselors and phar-
macists are just a few of the workers within the health field.

Cost Desired Effect

1 Access a person's health records

Use public functions of health centers at your leisure
Fake vaccination records and the like
2 Access to some medical research records
Have minor lab work done
Get a copy of coroner's report
3 Instigate minor quarantines
Corrupt results of tests or inspections
Alter medical records
4 Acquire a body
Completely rewrite medical records
Abuse grants for personal use ($250)
Have minor medical research performed on a subject
Institute large-scale quarantines
Shut down businesses for "health code violations"
5 Have special research projects performed
Have people institutionalized or released

High Society

An élite clique of people exists, who, by virtue of birth, possessions, talent ot
quirks of fate, hold themselves above the great unwashed masses. High Society al-
lows the character to direct and use the energies and actions of this exceptional mass
of talents. Among their ranks, one can find dilettantes, the old rich, movie and rock
stars, artists of all sorts, wannabes, fashion models and trendsetters.

Cost Desired Effect
1 Learn what is trendy

Learn about concerts, shows or plays well before they are made


Obtain "hard to get" tickets for shows

Track most celebrities and luminaries

Be a local voice in the entertainment field

"Borrow" $1,000 as idle cash from rich friends

Crush promising careers

Hobnob well above your station

Minor celebrity status

Geta brief appearance on a talk show that's not about to be canceled
Ruin a new club, gallery, festival or other high society gathering

industry

, The dark world of the Gothic-Punk milieu is built by pumping and grinding
machinery and the toil of endless laborers. A character with the Industry Influence
has her fingers in this pie. Industry is composed of union workers, foremen, engi-
Neers, contractors, construction workers and manual laborers.

Desired Effect

Learn about industrial projects and movements
Have minor projects performed

Arrange small accidents or sabotage

Dip into union funds or embezzle petty cash ($500)
Organize minor strikes

Appropriate machinery for a short time

Close down a small plant

Revitalize a small plant

Manipulate large local industry

Cut off production of a single resource in a small region

There are those who quietly tip the scales, even in the hallowed halls of justice,
and the courts, law schools, law firms and justice bureaus within them. Inhabiting
these halls are lawyers, judges, bailiffs, clerks, DAs and attorneys.

Cost Desired Effect

Get free representation for small cases

Avoid bail for some charges

Have minor charges dropped

Manipulate legal procedures (small wills, minor contracts, court dates)
Access public or court funds ($250)

Get representation in most court cases

Issue subpoenas

Tie up court cases

Have most legal charges dropped

Cancel or arrange parole


Close down all but the most serious investigations
Have deportation proceedings held against someone

Nedia
The media serves as the eyes and ears of the world. While few in this day and
age doubt that the news is not corrupted, many would be surprised at who closes
these eyes and covers these ears from time to time. The media entity is composed of
station directors, editors, reporters, anchors, camerapeople, photographers and radio
personalities.
Cost Desired Effect
Learn about breaking stories early
Submit small articles (within reason)
Suppress (but not stop) small articles or reports

Get hold of investigative reporting information
Initiate news investigations and reports
Get project funding and waste it ($250)
Access media production resources
Ground stories and projects
4 Broadcast fake stories (local only)

Occult

Most people are curious about the supernatural world and the various groups and
beliefs that make up the occult world, but few consider it anything but a hoax, a diver-
sion or a curiosity. They could not be farther from the truth. This Influence more than
any other hits the Restless close to home and could very well bring humanity to its senses
about just who and what shares this world with them. Among the occult community are
cult leaders, alternative religious groups, charlatans, would-be occultists and New Agers.

Cost Desired Effect

Contact and use common occult groups, practices

Know some of the more visible occult figures

Know and contact some of the more obscure occult figures
Access resources for most rituals and rites

Know the general vicinity of certain supernatural entities and
possibly contact them (Kindred, Garou, mages, mummies,
wraiths, etc.)

Can access vital or very rare material components

Milk impressionable wannabes for bucks ($250)

Access occult tomes and writings

Research a Basic Ritual

Research an Intermediate Ritual

Access minor magic items

Unearth an Advanced Ritual

Research a new or unheard-of ritual or rite from tomes or mentors

ew


Police
"To protect and serve" is a popular motto among the chosen enforcers of the law.
But these days, everyone can have reason to doubt the law's ability to enact justice.
Perhaps they should wonder whom the law defends, whom it serves and why. The Police
Influence encompasses the likes of beat cops, desk jockeys, prison guards, special divi-
sions (such as SWAT and homicide), detectives and various clerical positions.
Cost Desired Effect
1 Learn police procedures
Hear police information and rumors
Avoid traffic tickets
Have license plates checked
Avoid minor violations (first conviction)
Get "inside information"
Find bureau secrets
Get copies of an investigation report
Have police hassle, detain or harass someone
Access confiscated weapons or contraband
Start an investigation
Get money, either from evidence room or as an appropriation ($1,000)
Have some serious charges dropped
Institute major investigations
Arrange setups
Instigate bureau investigations
Have officers fired
Paralyze departments for a time
Close down a major investigation

Politics
Nothing ever gets done for straightforward reasons any more. It's all who knows
who and what favors can get paid off in the process. In other words, it's politics as
usual, and there's a whole class of people who thrive in this world of favors and policy
lacks, Sone of theaé iedividuals include statesmen, pollittts, activists, party mem-
bers, lobbyists, candidates and the politicians themselves.
Cost Desired Effect
1 Minor lobbying
Identity real platforms Of polieietand anid parties
Be in the know
Meet small-time politicians
Have us feessernine chrraserea: lamsandehe like
Use a slush fund or fund raiser ($1,000)
Sony, oc alter political projects (local parks, renvetions,
small construction)
Enare minor legislation


Dash careers of minor politicians

5 Get your candidate in a minor office
Enact more encompassing legislature

6 Block the passage of major bills
Suspend major laws temporarily

Use state bureaus or subcommittees

7 Usurp countywide politics
Subvert, to a moderate degree, statewide powers
8 Call out a local division of the National Guard

Declare a state of emergency in a region

Street

Disenchanted, disenfranchised and ignored by their "betters," an undercurrent
of humanity has made its own culture and lifestyle to deal with the harsh lot life has
dealt them. In the dark alleys and slums reside gang members, the homeless, street
performers, petty criminals, prostitutes and the forgotten.

Cost Desired Effect
1 Has an ear open for the word on the street

Identify most gangs and know their turfs and habits
2 Live mostly without fear on the underside of society

Keep a contact or two in most aspects of street life
Access small-time contraband

3 Often get insight on other areas of influence
Arrange some services from street people or gangs
Get pistols or uncommon melee weapons

4 Mobilize groups of homeless
Panhandle or hold a "collection" ($250)
Respected among gangs, can have a word in almost all aspects of
their operations
Get hold of a shotgun, rifle or SMG

*) Control a single medium-sized gang
Arrange impressive protests by street people

Transportation

The world is in constant motion, its prosperity relying heavily on the fact that
people and productions fly, float or roll to and from every corner of the planet. With-
out the means to perform this monumental task, our "small" world quickly returns to
a daunting orb with large, isolated stretches. The forces that keep this circulation in
motion include cab and bus drivers, pilots, air traffic controllers, travel firms, sea
captains, conductors, border guards and untold others.

Cost Desired Effect

1 A wizard at what goes where, when and why
Can travel locally quickly and freely *


Can track an unwary target if they use public transportation
Arrange passage safe (or at least concealed) from mundane threats
(sunlight, robbery, etc.)

Seriously hamper an individual's ability to travel

Avoid most supernatural dangers when traveling (such as
hunters and Garou)

Temporarily shut down one form of transportation (bus lines,
ship, plane, train, etc.)

Route money your way ($500)

Reroute major modes of travel

‘Smuggle with impunity

Extend control to nearby areas

Isolate small or remote regions for a short period

Underworld

Even in the most cosmopolitan of ages, society has found certain needs and services
too questionable to accept, and in every age, some organized effort has stepped in to
provide for this demand regardless of the risks. Among this often ruthless and dangerous
crowd are the likes of hitmen, Mafia, Yakuza, bookies, fencers and launderers.

Cost Desired Effect

1 Locate minor contraband (knives, small-time drugs, petty

gambling, scalped tickets, etc.)

2 Obtain pistols, serious drugs, stolen cars, etc.

Hire muscle to rough someone up

Fence minor loot

Prove that crime pays (and score $1,000)
Obtain rifle, shotgun or SMG.

Arrange a minor "hit"

Know someone in "the Family"
White-collar crime connections
Arrange gangland assassinations

Hire a demolition man or firebug

Supply local drug needs

University

In an age where the quest for learning and knowledge begins in schools, col-
leges and universities, information becomes currency. University Influence repre-
sents a certain degree of control and perhaps involvement in these institutions. Within
this sphere of Influence, one will find the teachers, professors, deans, students of all
ages and levels, Greek orders and many young and impressionable minds.

Desired Effect
1 Know layout and policy of local schools *
Access to low-level university resources


Get records up to the high school level
Know a contact or two with useful knowledge or skills
Minor access to facilities

Fake high school records

Obtain college records

3 Faculty favors
Cancel a class
Fix grades
Discredit a student

4 Organize student protests and rallies

Discredit faculty members
Acquire money through a grant ($1,000)
5 Falsify an undergraduate degree
Arrange major projects
Alter curriculum institution-wide
Free run of facilities

Wraiths are incapable of possessing Influences. The one exception to this rule
is wraiths who have become Risen (see Chapter Eight).

The fog

The Shroud isn't all that separates humans and the Restless. In addition, there
is something called the Fog, which settles on the minds of humans who are not
prepared to accept the existence of wraiths. Those mortals succumb to the effects of
the Fog, which results in their rationalizing away anything supernatural they might
have seen. After all, it makes so much more sense to decide that it was the wind
swinging that door open at midnight instead of a ghostly hand...

The effects of the Fog are as follows: Unless the human affected by wraiths
succeeds at a Static Mental Challenge against 20 Traits (overbidding on the part of
the Fog is allowed), she will attempt to rationalize any wraithly activity she may
have witnessed. Photographic evidence will be dismissed as doctored, eyewitness
accounts will be ignored, and so forth if the human does not succeed on her Fog test.

Once a human has pierced the Fog, she no longer needs to test against it. As far as she is
concemed, the existence of wraiths has been proven. Nor do those who have been Attuned
with an Arcanos need to test against the Fog; they know too well what is really going on.

Numina

ome humans have powers that can't readily be explained. These
are called Numina, and they can allow humans to affect wraiths
as surely as wraiths can affect humans. Most mortals with
Numina have only one area in which they have power. Hu-
f) mans can purchase Numina by spending Negative Traits at
i) character creation, and afterward they can be bought up with
Experience at the same rate as Arcanoi.


A human character should not have Numina without a good reason, and she
should never have more than one Numina without explicit Storyteller permission.

Complete Numina descriptions and systems can be found in Antagonists. If you
want to use a straight Oblivion system, substitute Willpower Traits for Humanity.

Troubleshooting Numina

Players often have to undergo situations like the following:

"You can't go in there."

"I'm not really here. I'm using Clairvoyance to see inside the room."

"Wait. We have magical wards up on the doors; you couldn't see in unless we
knew about it, and we wouldn't let you."

"But my Numina is undetectable, and it's not affected by the wards."

"We'd better get a Storyteller. I'll stop the scene inside and wait for this to get
resolved."

These are the sorts of situations everyone hates and everyone encounters. A
few definitions can help resolve the confusion so that things like this can be avoided.

© Psychic Numina are not magical in any way. They are products of extra-sen-
sory perception, and will not be detected as magic in anyone's aura. They are effec-
tively warded away by most magical shields set up to cover, hide or protect an area,
object or individual from observation or intrusion.

© A Mental Challenge must occur to psychically locate or envision a wraith in
general. A clairvoyant would not be able to locate or detect a Restless using En-
shroud.

In the above scenario, the Storyteller who arrives on the scene should explain
to the characters inside the room that they have detected nothing, and explain to
the mortal that Numina can be repelled by magical wards.

The mortal might be allowed to engage in a Simple Test to break through the
ward, if that is her objective. Wards can often overbid characters if they are estab-
lished by some character of great power, and these details should be clarified before
the game begins.

S| ows have assumed permanent dominance. Generally short-lived,
H) these shrieking servants of Oblivion exist to drag others down
to destruction. Like Shadows, they can be subtle or indirect

about their goals, and many can seem helpful — at first.
Spectres tend to come in two varieties: those who want
companions in torment, who will seek to convert wraiths to
their cause, and those who simply wish to destroy. Often it's

hard to tell the difference between the two until it's too late.

Spectres come in castes, which generally define their powers as well as their states of
mind. Members of only four castes — the Doppelgangers, Nephwracks, Mortwights and


Striplings — can stay long in the Shadowlands, and Nephwracks who can do so are rare.
Malfeans and Shades, the more powerful castes, can almost never enter into the
Shadowlands, and are only encountered in the Tempest or Labyrinth.

Spectre Character Creation

The process for creating a Spectre for Oblivion is very similar to that for creat-
ing a wraith, with the following exceptions:

© Shadow Archetypes should be used for Nature and Demeanor.

* Instead of Pathos and Willpower, Spectres get Angst (5 Traits) and Being.

© Spectres can take both Arcanoi and Dark Arcanoi (see below).
© Malfeans, Shades and most Nephwracks have no Fetters.
« Instead of Shadows, Spectres have Psyches.
© Spectres do not start with a Status Trait, nor can they purchase the Memo-
riam or Eidolon backgrounds.

Doppeleangers

Tha /Spicctres clossitl én: wraliha/\Doppelganigers ill nppean aaiwirdithe.SThey
have most or all of their Fetters, and can pass for wraiths quite easily. Many enjoy
infiltrating Necropoli, selling their services es purveyors of rare:Arcanoi like
Mnemosynis. Doppelgangers gain the normal number of Attribute and Ability Traits
for a starting character, as well as six starting Arcanos/Dark Arcanos points. Player
character wraiths who become Doppelgangers keep theitold statistics and gain.two
additional Arcanos Traits to spend on Dark Arcanoi. Dopy wers can buy Status
with Negative Traits, but can never have more than two Fetter

Doppelgangers are the lowest of the low (save one) in Spectre society, and are
treated as such. If a Doppelganger receives an order from a Shade or Nephwrack, he

is expected to obey it.

Striplings

A social caste more than anything else, the Striplings are the Spectres of chil-
dren. There are no defining Stripling characteristics other than youth and rebellion.
There are Stripling Doppelgangers, Nephwracks, Shades and Mortwights, all gath-
ered together by a shared hatred of their "elders.'

The sorts of Striplings that Oblivion characters are likely to come across are rela
tively weak, as their more powerful castemates prefer to hang back in the Tempest.

DP pe OR, Ree

we
ed)


Striplings only have 6/4/2 Attribute Traits to distribute, with their Primary Trait
not being Physical. Striplings have access to standard wraith Arcanoi as well as Dark
Arcanoi, and have five points to distribute among them. All Striplings must have at
least the Basic Level of Shroud-Rending, and can only buy Fetters by taking Nega-
tive Traits. Striplings cannot take Status.

Nephvvracks

Nephwracks are Doppelgangers so thoroughly twisted by Oblivion that they can no
longer pass for wraiths. Even Moliate cannot mask the depths of the deformity of their
souls, but Nephwracks consider these transformations to be a sign of Oblivion's blessing.
They are the caste above Doppelgangers, and are the artists, priests and public servants of
the Labyrinth. Other than their appearance, Nephwracks scarcely differ from Doppelgangers.
Nephwracks have eight levels of Arcanoi and Dark Arcanoi. However, they usually have
no Fetters. Ifa Nephwrack wishes to purchase a Fetter, Negative Traits must be used.

Mortwights

Mortwights are mortals who died with such violence that they were claimed by
Oblivion at the instant of their death. They are largely confined to the Labyrinth and the
Tempest. Though excelling as troops in direct assults against Stygia, Mortwights are the
lowest caste of Spectral society. However, as their numbers swell, the Mortwights have
begun to rebel against their bonds. Like Shades, Mortwights are limited to Dark Arcanoi;
however, they have four levels to distribute among them as they choose. At least one
level must be invested in the Dark Arcanos Tempest-Weaving, at which Mortwights are
especially skilled. Mortwights can purchase Fetters with Negative Traits.

Shades

Shades personify Dark Passion, and are the shock troops of spectral society.
Even Nephwracks bow before Shades, at least publicly. The highest caste among
spectres save the Malfeans, Shades were originally Devoured by Oblivion during a
Harrowing, a Maelstrom or in the Tempest. Shades have access only to the Dark
Arcanoi, and have four levels to distribute among them. Shades gain six different
Dark Passions, and have access to unique Shade powers. Shades can never have
Fetters. Shades are not limited to 10 Corpus Levels; most have at least 20.

Nalfeans

Malfeans are the elder, ur-Spectres. Beings of enormous capabilities, they cycle
through periods of long sleep, guiding Spectres to frenzies of destruction through
their dreams. Most slumber uneasily the Labyrinth, waking only rarely. However,
even as they sleep, they plot and scheme against each other and reality as a whole,
and on occasion Spectres will find themselves acting against others of their kind, as
one Malfean seeks to thwart another's aims.

Malfeans are so incredibly potent that there is no need to create statistics for them.
Simply assume that whatever needs to be done, they can do — should they awaken.


Spectre Traits

Spectres also have innate abilities, but ones that are clearly tainted by Oblivion.

* Deathsense — Oblivion is the only sun that Spectres know, its black light
illuminating everything they see. Spectres' attunement to Oblivion's light allows
them to gauge the strength of a wraith's Shadow. Also, living people close to death
or people who have strong Dark Passions glow with Oblivion's sickened light. Vam-
pires burn brightly with it, making them visible to spectres with their Deathsense. To
sense the Oblivion in another character, a Spectre makes a Static Mental Test. If he
succeeds, he can identify the type of being before him.

‘© Deathsight — Spectres' Deathsight is much more intense than wraiths' since
their entire being revolves around Oblivion. The Shadowlands to them are vast places
of desolation, an apocalyptic landscape ravaged under Oblivion's dark oppression.
Colors are faded, sounds muffled, the weather is always overcast, and buildings ap-
pear decaying to the point of being partially collapsed. Wraiths and other Spectres
appear skeletal, diseased or decayed.

© Dimmed Senses — Spectres lack a wraith's heightened senses. If they were
hypersensitive, the Tempest's violence would overwhelm them to the point of mak-
ing them helpless. This reduces any perception-based tests, giving the Spectre's op-
ponent the win in case of a tie if the Spectre is in the Shadowlands. In the Tempest,
a wraith would be overwhelmed by its violence and tumult, and this situation would
be reversed.

* Distance — Spectres are so far removed from life, they have an increased
difficulty in crossing the Shroud (they lose in the case of a tie in a Static Challenge).
They are unable to see any mortals when they are in the Shadowlands. They can
only see wraiths and other Spectres unless they possess the Dark Arcanos Shroud-
Rending.

* Hive-Mind — All spectres are connected to the Spectral Hive Mind. This
means that they have access (at varying levels of efficiency) to everything every
Spectre has ever known. In game terms, this means that Spectres can go to a Story-
teller and receive information that their characters might not have known directly.
Obviously, this power should be limited for player character Spectres.

* Rapacity — Spectres are souls whose emotions are so raw that any Dark Pas-
sion grabs their attention. If the negativity being emoted is similar to their core
Being, they must do a Static Mental Challenge to see if they give into their dark
needs with wild abandon. If they lose, they immediately attack the wraith who set
them off.

Angst and Being

Angst and Being Traits are, for a Spectre, equivalent to Pathos and Willpower
in terms of their use and acquisition. Spectres start off with five Angst points, similar
to a wraith's starting Pathos. Also, Spectres regain Angst through their Dark Pas-
sions the same way wraiths gain Pathos from their Passions.

Being Traits determine a Spectre's emotional essence and spiritual strength, as
well as their self-control. Being Traits can be used to power certain Dark Arcanoi.


They can also be used to stave off Rapacity; a Rapacious Spectre can spend a Being
Trait and avert losing control.

Each Spectre must pick a core negative emotion for her Being. This core emo-
tion defines her personality and also serves as the basis for attacks of Rapacity. Ex-
amples of core Beings include wrath, greed, pride, lust, envy, gluttony or hate

Spectres start off with three Being Traits. They can re-eam their Being Traits by
roleplaying their Natures, just as a wraith regains her Willpower Traits by being true to hers.

Dark Passions

Spectres are primarily motivated by their Dark Passions. Like wraiths, Spectres re-
ceive four different Dark Passions to choose, unless modified by their caste. Dark Pas-
sions are generally expressed as a sentence detailing the meaning of the Passion, followed
by a one-word summation of the particular emotion involved; for example, Destroy the
Hierarchy (Wrath), or Advance the decay of the Shadowlands (Malice). Dark Passions
are also often directed at former Fetters the Spectre may have held as a wraith.

Corpus

Spectres have 10 levels of Permanent Corpus, just as wraiths do, and poten-
tially up to 10 levels of Temporary as well. With one exception, Shadow-Eaten gain
and lose Corpus in the same ways that wraiths do. However, those Spectres not pos-
sessed of the Dark Arcanos Larceny cannot heal aggravated damage.

Dark Arcanoi

hile some Spectres can use the basic wraithly Arcanoi, there is

a whole set of powers reserved for Spectres alone. These are

referred to as Dark Arcanoi, and are used by the Shadow-Eaten

in their never-ending campaign to bring about Doomsday. Be-
{low are some of the more common Dark Arcanoi.

Shroud-Rending

With this Arcanos, a Spectre can learn to see the Skinlands on the distant side
of the Shroud. Unless a Spectre knows Shroud-Rending, the Shadowlands will al-
ways be empty to her save for wraiths and other Spectres. Once this Arcanos is hers,
the Spectre can witness mortals going about their daily lives and see what effect she
has upon them. Shroud-Rending allows the Spectre to see through the Shroud; the
reverse does not hold true. Nihils form in areas where this Arcanos is used frequently.

innate Abilities

* Hold Back the Curtain: This art allows the Spectre to extend her activity in
the Skinlands past the standard duration of an Arcanos. It grants no other ability.

The player must make a Static Physical Challenge in order to extend her con-
tact with the Skinlands for an additional two minutes.


* Threshold: This art cannot quite cross the threshold of perception between
the lands of the Quick and the Dead. The character can see the Skinlands and its
inhabitants as if through a thick fog, but cannot hear events, nor interfere with them.

The player must make an Extended Static Physical Challenge. The number of
successful challenges indicates the number of minutes the Spectre can peer through
the Shroud at the Skinlands around him.

Basic

* Echoes: With this art, the Spectre can hear faint snatches of sound from the Skinlands.
Sound quality is always poor, with distorted, echoing voices and fluctuating volume the norm.

The player must make a Static Mental Challenge, preferably in the vicinity of a
Nihil. Generally only snippets of conversation can be heard as through a bad, hol-
low-sounding phone connection filled with static. If no one is speaking when the
Spectre chooses to eavesdrop through the Shroud, she instead hears whatever ambi-
ent sound is predominant in the corresponding location in the Skinlands. Without
this art, a Specte cannot hear anything going on in the Skinlands.

© Fleeting Glimpses: This art allows a character to see a small area of the
Skinlands for a brief time.

A Static Mental Challenge must be made by the Spectre. A successful chal-
lenge indicates that the Spectre can see clearly the area of the Skinlands around
him. It costs one point of Angst to use this power.

intermediate

© Virtuality: With this art, the Spectre can clearly see and hear events in the Skinlands
through the Shroud, as if combining the skills contained within the two preceding abili-
ties of this Arcanos. By making a successful Static Mental Challenge and spending an
Angst point, the Spectre can combine both the Basic arts of Shroud-Rending.

Advanced

* Transparent Memories: The culmination of Shroud-Rending is the ability to
perceive the Skinlands with razor-edge clarity. All senses can register the Skinlands
and its inhabitants, although the Spectre is still beyond the Shroud and cannot physi-
cally interact with mortals without using additional Arcanoi.

To use Transparent Memories, the Spectre must make a Static Physical Chal-
lenge if trying to perceive going-ons through the Shroud. This serves best as a method
for eavesdropping or targeting other Arcanoi.

The other use for this power is a limited form of Telepathy. To do this, the Spectre
makes a Mental Challenge against his target. This art costs two points of Angst and a
Being Trait. If successful, the Spectre can ask the target three yes/no questions.

Contaminate

The Dark Arcanos Contaminate is similar to the wraith Arcanos Castigate, in
that it allows the user to commune with the Shadow. Similarities end there. Con-
taminate is used by Spectres to commune with Shadows of wraiths, and to water and

eS Cd ny eas ee

harvest the seeds of Oblivion contained within all souls. This is one of the most
feared and admired Dark Arcanoi, as it allows Spectres to damn others by infecting
them with Oblivion.

innate Abilities

© Perceive Contamination: This ability allows the Spectre to see the black
light which is the evidence of Oblivion in living — and thus dying — creatures. By
using this ability, the Spectre will be able to perceive mortals in whom Oblivion is
strong by the black light escaping from them, even if she cannot actually see the
mortal in question through the Shroud.

The Spectre makes a Static Mental Challenge to see if she notices any black
light auras which may exist in her locale. If she succeeds, she can ask one other
character how many Health/Corpus levels he currently has.

* Sense the Shadow: With little effort, a Spectre can look at a wraith and see
the Shadow lurking within. To activate Sense the Shadow, the Spectre must enter a
Mental Challenge. If successful, the Spectre gets the opportunity to look at the wraith's
Shadow sheet for one minute.

Basic

© Shadowspeech: This art allows a character to speak directly to a wraith's
Shadow, even when it is not dominating the wraith. If the Spectre so desires, he can
even judge the wraith's Nature by examining the dark reflection in the Shadow as
the Shadow speaks. The Shadow speaks with the wraith's voice, who can attempt to
resist the process.

To successfully speak with the target's Shadow, the Spectre must succeed in an
Extended Social Challenge. The difficulty is that of the opponent's Willpower. Each
success allows the character to ask the Shadow one question or tell it one sentence.
Obviously, it is the player who responds, not the Shadow sheet. Suggestions or com-
ments made by the Spectre should be written down on the Shadow sheet, however.
This art costs one Angst.

© Transfer Angst: By exerting his will, the character can transfer his own Angst
toa visible wraith's Shadow. The wraith must be within line of sight for this transfer
to take place.

If an Extended Physical Challenge against the target succeeds, then the Spectre
may transfer as many points of her own Angst to the wraith's Shadow as successes
gained. This art costs one Angst on top of the Angst drained for the transfer.

intermediate

* Awaken Latent Thorns: By psychically watering the ashen soil of a Shadow's
mind, the Spectre can encourage new Thorns to grow with which to bedevil the
wraith's Psyche.

The player must succeed in an Extended Social Challenge with each success
allowing the target Shadow to manifest a previously latent Thorn. A Shadow may be
considered to have a number of latent Thorn levels equal to its number of of its
permanent Angst Traits. It costs the Spectre two Angst to use this art.


Advanced

* Call the Shadow: By means of this much-respected art, the Spectre can drag
a wraith's Shadow to the surface, allowing it to attempt a premature Catharsis and
take control. When this art is used successfully, the Shadow immediately takes con-
trol, spending five Angst Traits to do so. If the Shadow has fewer than five Angst
Traits, then it spends whatever it has before taking command.

With a Physical Challenge against her target and the expenditure of three Angst
points, a Spectre can successfully call forth an opponent's Shadow.

Larceny

With this Dark Arcanos, Spectres can stave off their rapid demise. Larceny
allows a Spectre to restore his Corpus, and thus slow his descent into the Void. It is
a dangerous Arcanos, strengthening every Spectre's own worst enemy — the Psyche
— when used. Larceny also conveys a greater understanding of the nature of Oblivion.
In essence, it allows Spectres to manipulate raw entropy, using its effects to steal
strength from others and infect them with Oblivion in the process.

innate Abilities

© Weigh Oblivion: With this art a Spectre can determine how strong Oblivion is
in a wraith or another Spectre. To use this art, the Spectre must make a Mental Chal-
lenge against his target. A successful challenge indicates that the Spectre now knows one
of the target's Passions or Dark Passions, which the target must relay truthfully.

Basic

© Infection: By touching another Spectre or wraith, the character may steal
the target's Corpus. This art functions in the same way as the Usury art Transfer, and
requires a Dark Arcanos card.

© Savor Agony: This art allows the character to draw Angst from the pain she
inflicts on others, mortal or supernatural.

Whenever the character successfully inflicts aggravated damage upon another
character, she may attempt to make a Physical Challenge against her target. Success
allows the character to gain one point of Angst per level of aggravated damage she
causes. This art costs no Angst unless the Spectre loses the challenge. In that case,
the Spectre loses one point of Angst.

intermediate

© Withstand Oblivion: This Dark Arcanos allows Spectres to heal aggravated
damage, which can be healed in no other way. This art is dangerous in that it strength-
ens the character's Psyche every time it is used, and so is employed only in dire need
by all but the most insane of Spectres. :

To use Withstand Oblivion, the Spectre enters an Extended Static Physical
Challenge. Each successful challenge allows the Spectre to heal a level of aggravated
damage. This art costs two Angst and additionally gives the character's Psyche a
point of Temporary Composure.


Advanced

* Defy Oblivion: When employed successfully, this art allows a character to transfer
the effects of Oblivion onto another character or creature. By Defying Oblivion, Spectres
deny their own natures, and thus strengthen their Psyche. Like the previous level of this
Areanos, Defy Oblivion is only used in times of dire need by the majority of Spectres.

Immediately upon taking any aggravated damage, a Spectre with Defy Oblivion
can make a Simple Test. If the test is successful, the Spectre may attempt to transfer the
destructive effects from himself to another character or creature in line of sight. If the
Spectre succeeds in a Physical Challenge against the target, the target loses Corpus (or
Health Levels if not a wraith or Spectre) equal to the number of levels of aggravated
damage originally taken. This art costs two points of Angst and one Being Trait to acti-
vate, and earns the Spectre's Psyche two points of Temporary Composure.

Shade Powers

g) hades have certain abilities, called Shade Powers, which they
94 and no other caste possess.
# Talons: The Shade can do aggravated damage with its claws.
© Tempest Wrack: At the cost of three points of Angst,
the Shade can infect the Tempest around her with her own
inner turmoil. This results in the Tempest becoming wracked
by storms, creates whirlpools where there were once placid By-
ways, etc. Wraiths caught nearby must succeed in a Static Men-
tal Challenge or find themselves to be completely lost.
© Siphon Emotion: The Shade can directly attack the Passions of an opponent,
and convert drained Pathos points into Angst. The Shade must successfully win ina
Physical Challenge against its opponent in combat, and then overcome the target in
a Social Challenge. One point is drained per attack.
© Bind: In order to use this Shade power, the Shade must first successfully win
in a Physical Challenge with her target. In the next turn, the Shade's own form
twists to envelop her victim completely, and unless the Shade is destroyed, any wraith
imprisoned thus cannot be freed. The encapsulated wraith is usually carried off into
the Tempest to an uncertain doom. Use of this power costs three Angst points. Some
Shades use this power to conceal other Shades within themselves, bursting open to
release their fellows at an appropriate moment. Wraiths thus imprisoned cannot act.
© Ectoplasmic Tentacles: Endowed with extra limbs of a sort, the Shade can
attack twice a turn. Spectres with Ectoplasmic Tentacles rarely use weapons.
© Spectral Scream: The Shade can scream into the Tempest, thereby summon-
ing one to five more Shades. Use of this power costs three Angst points, regardless of
the number of Shades summoned.

qhe Psyche

Just as a wraith has his Shadow, a Spectre has her Psyche. Psyches are built in an
identical fashion to Shadows, substituting Passions for Dark Passions, Fronds for
Thorns, and Composure for Angst. Otherwise, they are identical.


As most Spectres will be Narrator characters, there will be very little call for
Psycheguiding in games of Oblivion. Below are the basic guidelines for Psyche Traits

Psyche Archetypes

A Spectre's Psyche is a somewhat idealized self. With that in mind, it takes on
an idealized Archetype. Below are some samples.

© Agent: Always looking out for your best interests, seeking to find something
constructive and positive for you to do, this Psyche wants to manage you, guide you
and generally help you better yourself.

© Comrade: This Psyche is the shoulder to cry on, the friendly smile on a bad
day, always ready to lend a hand or help you through a bad patch. Like any old friend,
the Comrade knows you intimately, and accepts the bad along with the good.

* Confessor: Stern but kindly, this Psyche's gruff exterior hides a fount of love
and compassion. Although affronted by the sins it is witness to, the Confessor would
nver think of revealing them to others.

© Counselor: The Conselor is the person you can tell anything, that part of you
prepared to sit and listen to another person's problems without judging them or be-
rating them. The role of the Counselor is to help the character realize where her own
problems are, and assist with setting strategies to deal with them.

¢ Nurturer: This Psyche is maternal, supportive and caring. It is concerned
about the kind of people the host hangs around with, and considers them a bad
influence. Although the Nurturer may scold, it never loses its temper.

Saint: Few Spectres are strong enough to stand up to this Psyche. Proud,
commanding and authoritative, the Saint stands out as an incorruptible beacon of
purity in the host's mind. The Saint knows evil exists, but has no time for it.

* Savior: This Psyche is the way and the light, the road to salvation. Constantly
preaching to the host, the Savior wants the character to listen only to it. No other can
lead the host to redemption except the Savior. The Savior is self-sacrificing, prepared to
suffer any harm should that in some way advance the redemption of the Spectre.

Composure

The Psyche is powered by a Trait called Composure. Composure represents the
degree of serenity and peace the Psyche possesses. There are two kinds of Compo-
sure, Composure Traits and Temporary Composure points. It is from the latter that
Composure points are spent, powering Fronds. Composure Traits represent the de-
gree of control the Psyche has over a character. The Psyche always begins with one
Permanent Composure Trait.

Temporary Composure points begin at a rating equal to the Psyche's number of
Permanent Composure Traits, but fluctuate thereafter. Temporary Composure points
can and often do exceed the number of Composure Traits. Composure can be in-
creased by the use of certain Fronds. The Dark Arcanos Larceny is another source of
Composure, and it can also be increased by fulfilling Passions.

If Temporary Composure ever reaches 10, the Psyche can trade all 10 points for
one point of Permanent Composure, bringing the character that much closer to re-
demption.


Catharsis

Just as Shadows can take over wraith characters, so too can the Psyche attempt
to take control of the Spectre character. If the Psyche ever reaches 10 Temporary
Composure Traits, it can either trade them in for a Permanent Composure Trait or
spend five and undergo Catharsis. In Spectre Catharsis, the Psyche takes over for
one scene or half an hour, whichever ends sooner.

Fronds

A Psyche's Fronds are the equivalent of the Shadow's Thorns. These unique
gifts are employed by the Psycheguide to harry the character.

Level One

© Wraith Prestige (variable): The Psyche is known and respected among certain
wraiths, and might be aided by them in times of need. Consider each level invested in
Wraith Prestige to represent how famous the Spectre's Psyche is among wraiths.

© Memories of Life: What the Spectre has forgotten about his former exist-
ence (as wraith or mortal) the Psyche remembers. The Psyche can offer the Spectre
any information, Trait or knowledge from that life free of charge. A Spectre who
accepts such aid, however is exposed to images of that former, more worthy exist-
ence, and must make a Simple Test. If the character loses the test, the Spectre loses
one point of Angst.

© Mirror: Usually possessed by the Psyches of Nephwracks or Shades, this Frond
reveals to the Spectre, in every flat surface they can see, an image of what they have
become or what they might have been. Such a revelation is horrible for many Spec-
tres, and those who are affected by Mirror must make a Static Mental Challenge.
This art costs one point of Composure.

Pure Relic (variable): When the Psyche is dominant, it manifests a relic
which appears at no other time. Such a relic can be a weapon.

Level Two

© Psyche Traits: The Psyche may add one Trait or Ability to the character's
Attributes or Abilities for one action provided that the host agrees every time. Every
time the host draws upon this extra Ability or Trait, the Psyche gains a Temporary
Composure point.

Level Three

© Guilt: The Psyche has the power to make the Spectre feel great guilt about a
recent action. It costs one point of Temporary Composure to use this Frond. The affected
Spectre must make an Extended Static Mental Challenge, with each loss and/or tie (a tie
ending the challenge immediately) costing the Spectre one Angst point.

© Indulgence: This Frond allows the Psyche and the Spectre to enter into a pact. A
Spectre can purchase the right to be unhindered by its Psyche in some imminent action
by spending a number of Angst points. For every point so spent, a Static Mental Chal-
lenge is made by the host, and each success grants the Psyche one Temporary Composure


cannot interfere or berate the Spectre for the agreed-upon duration.

Level Four

© Freudian Slip: By spending a temporary Composure point, the Psyche may
cause the host to make an involuntary action or blurt out an embarrassing phrase or
secret. The character can only resist this through making a Static Social Challenge.

Crossover Rules

ven more so than other Mind's Eye Theatre games, Oblivion
is a game that can be played in tandem with Masquerade and
Apocalypse. The following crossover rules have been adapted
from the crossover rules included in Wraith: The Oblivion
2nd Edition, with some modifications for greater playability
ina live-action setting. As with any Mind's Eye Theatre supple-
ment, this crossover section should be used as a guideline, not
holy scripture. Storytellers should always feel free to modify
rules to make them work better for their particular group.

Prior experience shows that any time you have a significant number of wraiths
in with other supernatural or mortal characters, it is a good idea to bend the rules a
little in the interest of player interaction. Having a particularly powerful Haunt in
which wraith characters with Embody may fully manifest for little or no Pathos cost
is a good way to increase interaction, though you may find that the focus of the game
shifts to that one location, due to the fact that it's the only place most of the other
characters can interact with wraiths. An even better idea is to make sure that every
wraith has a few of the other types of characters as Fetters they are attuned to. This
encourages wraiths to become involved with affairs in the Skinlands without re-
stricting them to a given place, or completely removing the sense of isolation.

Crossovers with Masquerade

Giovanni

These necromancers of Italian descent are among the greatest enemies the Rest-
less have in the world of the Quick. While some among their number are scholars
who wish only to study and comprehend death, the Giovanni are for the most part a
collection of utterly ruthless and power-hungry individuals, who seek nothing more
than dominance over the worlds of both the living and the dead. To that end, they
have gained power over many of the financial centers of the Quick, and control much
of the commerce in the living world. But mere temporal power is seen as only a means
toan end by these vampires. Their study of Necromancy has taught them g great deal
about how to summon and control wraiths.

Summon Spirit: As written in Laws of the Night, but if the "person or object in a
room that had some connection to the spirit in its life" is a Fetter, theNecromancer
begins the Social Challenge one bid up, due to the particularly strong connection.

el aa Or An ee


Tremere

The other magic-using
ics. If this were all, they would be of little concern to wraiths. However, one of their more
is known as Spirit Thaumaturgy, and through this they seek

ampires, the Tremere concentrate primarily on blood mag

paths of knowl
to control the souls of the Restless in much the same way that the Giovanni do.

obs«

Disciplines

‘Auspex: Vampires' Heightened Senses cannot penetrate the Shroud, and thus can

not see wraiths who are not Embodied. However, if a vampire has reason to believe that
1 wraith is in a particular area (if the wraith has just used an Arcanos to affect the physi

hadows that indicate the

cal world), she may use Aura Perception to discern shifting
wraith's presence. Telepathy may be used to communicate with the Restless.

Dominate and Presence: A vampire's Dominate or Presence Discipline cannot be
Embodied or using

used to effect a wraith who is in the Shadowlands. If the wraith
Puppetry, he is affected normally by Dominate and Presence Disciplines. Any vampire
attempting to use Possession on someone that a wraith is using Puppetry on will have to
make a Mental Challenge against the wraith currently possessing the body

Obfuscate: While Lifesight allows wraiths to perceive the auras of living beings,
efore wraiths may not perceive their auras. However, if a

vampires are not alive, and the
wraith has good reason to believe that a vampire is in a given area (such as movement),
sharpened Senses.

he may make a Mental Test to detect the vampire usi
Protean: Any vampire using Protean to produce Wolf's Claws can inflict aggra-
vated damage on Embodied wraiths

Masquerade and Oblivi

Crossovers with Apocalypse

First of all, an important distinction must be made. In most cases, the "spirits"
referred to in Garou Gifts are nature spirits and other spirits of Gaia, not the souls of
the Restless Dead. Asa result, wraiths may not be bound into Garou fetishes, etc

The following Gifts will aid Garou in their interactions with wraiths. Use
asdescribed in Apocalypse unless otherwise indicated,

Spirit Ward: This Gift works on wraiths as well as spirits.

Sense Wyrm: The Garou may make a Static Mental Test if there is a wraith in
the room to detect his presence. Note that this Gift cannot indicate location, only

that there is a wraith present


Sense the Unnatural: Sense the Unnatural works on wraiths as well as spirits.

Name the Spirit: This Gift will indicate relatively how powerful a wraith or
spirit is (weak, moderate, mighty), as well as indicating if it is a wraith or a spirit

Spirit Speech: Allows a Garou to communicate with wraiths.

Exorcism: This allows a Garou to force a wraith to give up control if they are
using Puppetry or Inhabit on someone or something.

Pulse of the Invisible: A similar Gift, called Drumbeat of the Shadow, is uti-
lized by the werewolves of the Uktena and Silent Strider tribes in dealing with the
Underworld (known to them as the Dark Umbra). Substitute the rating of the Shroud
in a given area for the Gauntlet in the Gift's description.

Spirit Drain: An Uktena variation of this Gift allows a Garou to drain awraith's
Pathos and convert it into Willpower.

Scent of the True Form: A successful Mental Test using this Gift will indicate
if a target is a wraith

Attunement: This Gift may be used to identify the location of the most power-
ful Haunt(s) in a city.

Howl of the Banshee: Wraiths with Intermediate level Keening may teach this
Gift to Fianna werewolves.

senses: A successful Mental Test using this Gift can indicate the pres-
snabibhanenils using the Inhabit art Ride the Electron Highway

Mindblock: Use of this Gift blocks a wraith from using Puppetry, Keening or
any other Arcanos affecting the Garou''s mind.

Sense Magic: This Gift will indicate if Arcanoi are being used in the Skinlands.

Summon the Restless Shade: If the werewolf using this Gift possesses one of
the wraith's Fetters, the wraith is summoned to that Fetter. This may not be resisted.

Rite of Cleansing: This rite may be used to drive a wraith using Inhabit out of
an object or away from an area of the Skinlands, but it may not be used as a Ward.

Spirit Friend, Command Spirit and Rite of Binding all have no effect on wraiths.

Storytelling Apocalypse Crossovers

Oblivion


Chronicle
Nature.
Demeanor.

on 00 a
oo oo a
oo oo a
oo oo a

go ZOO gO

onfoo#g4

on co ~G
oo 00 a
is) (a feagoyio! +1]
(ox restore er


SRA Oo

Psyche:
Shadowguide Player:

Thorns

Archetype:

Angst
0000000000
aye akeiey2 agua ga

Dark Passions


A

Abili 66

Abilities 66, 91, 149
Awareness 92
Brawl 92
Bureaucracy 92
Chart 66
Computer 92
Drive 93
Enigmas 93
Firearms 93
Investigation 93
Law 94
Leadership 94
Linguistics 94
Medicine 94
Meditation 94
Melee 95
Occult 95
Performance 95
Politics 95
Repair 95
Science 96
Scrounge 96
Security 96
Soulforging 96
Streetwise 96
Subterfuge 96

Advantages 66

Angst 69, 169, 238
Gaining 170
Losing 170

Arcanoi 67, 97

Flicker 101
Orienteering 100
Oubliette 102
Phantom Wings 101
Tempest Threshold 100
Tempestpeek 100

Castigate 102
Bulwark 103
Dark Secrets 103
Defiance 104
Housecleaning 104
Purify 103
Soulsight 103

Chart 67

Embody 104
Ghostly Touch 105
Life-in-Death 106
Maintain the Material
Form 105
Materialize 106

INDEX

Phantom Whispers 105
Statue 106
Fatalism 107
Foreshadow 108
Guesswork 108
Interpretation 108
Kismet 107
Luck 108
Flux 109
Altered States 109°
Automaton 110
Decay 110
Grave Mold 109
Puppet Theater 110
Inhabit 111
Claim 112
Empower 113
Gremlinize 112
Lightning's Bite 112
Sense Gremlin 111
Shellride 111
Surge 112
Intimation 113
Cupitatis 114
Deep Desiring 115
Self-Intimation 114
The Craving 116
The Gleaming 114
Twinge 114
Keening 116
Ballad 117
Crescendo 117
Muse 117
Perfect Pitch 116
Requiem 118
Sotto Voce 117
Lifeweb 118
Locate Fetter 119
Sense Strand 119
Sever Strand 119
Soul Pact 119
Markings 98
Mnemosynis 119
Casting the Scene 121
In Memoriam 120
Mindspeak 121
Mnemotechnics 121
Onslaught 122
Rewind 120
Moliate 122
Bodyshape 124
Glow 123
Martialry 124
Rend 124
Return to Death's Visage
123

Sculpt 123
Shapesense 123
Outrage 125
Death's Touch 126
Leap of Rage 125
Obliviate 126
Ping 125
Stonchand Punch 126
Wraithgrasp 125
Pandemonium 126
Dark Ether 127
Foul Humour 128
Sense Chaos 127
Tempus Fugit 128
Weirdness 127
Phantasm 128
Agon 130
Dreams of Sleep 130
Elysia 129
Phantasmagoria 130
Sleepsense 129
Puppetry 130
Detect Possession 131
Master's Control 131
Obliterate the Soul 132
Rein in the Mind 132
Skinride 131
Retests 99
Usury 133
Assessment 133
Charitable Trust 134
Exchange Rate 134
Investment 134
Transfer 133
Arcanoi, Risen 212
Fascinate 213
Charge of Duty 214
Deja Vu 213
Distraction 214
Driving Urge 214
Remembrance 214
Target Lock 215
Tuning In 213
Serendipity 213
Starting and Prohibited 212
Arcanos Cards 99
Archetypes 68, 82
Chart 64
Psyche (Spectral) 244
Shadow 69, 173
Artifact 135
Artifacts 29, 43
Autibutes 65, 85
Chart 65
Mental 89
Negative 91

Physical 86
Negative 87
Social 87
Negative 89
Attunement 97

Basic Abilities 160
Being 238
Bidding Traits 85
Byways 30, 33
Cc
Cast 13, 199
Catharsis 171
Spectral 245
Challenges 144
Additional Systems 154
Adjudication 146
Complications 146
Extended 99
Order of 153
Static 148
Character Creation 61
Advanced 73
Appearance 72
Chart 63
Concept 63
Equipment 73
Example of 73
Inspiration 62
‘Spark of Death 72
Character Sheet 249
Troubleshooting 189, 207
Shadow 250
Chronicle 18, 186
Charcter Advancement 192
Setting the Stage 186
Mood 186
Setting 186, 192
Theme 186
Circles 45
Citadels 36
Combat 154
Ranged 156
Composure 244
Conduit 215
Corpus 149
Spectre 239
Cover 159
Crossover Rules 246
Apocalypse 247
Gifts 247
Storytelling Hints 248
Masquerade 246
Disciplines 247
Giovanni 246
Storytelling Hints 247
Tremere 247

D
Damage 38
Aggravated 151
Dark Arcanoi 239
Contaminate 240
Awaken Latent Thoms
241
Call the Shadow 242
Perceive Contamination
41
Sense the Shadow 241
Shadowspeech 241
Transfer Angst 241
Larceny 242
Defy Oblivion 243
Infection 242
Savor Agony 242
Weigh Oblivion 242
Withstand Oblivion 242
Shroud-Rending 239
Echoes 240
Fleeting Glimpses 240
Hold Back the Curtain
239
Threshold 240
Transparent Memories
240
Virtuality 240
Dark Kingdoms 20, 35
Dark Passions 69, 170, 239
Death 80
Deathlords 40
Deathmarks 44
Deathsense 238
Deathsight 160, 238
Demeanor 63, 81
Dictum Mortuum 51
Dimmed Senses 238
Distance 238
Domains 36
Domems 39
Drones 39
E
Eidolon 136
Enfants 39
Excessive Sneakiness 155
Experience
Gaining 164
Trait Costs 165
F
Factions 46
Heretics 47
Hierarchy 48
Renegades 46
Fair Escape 153
Far Shores 20, 34
Ferrymen 57
Fetters 20, 38, 68, 140
Fog, the 234

Fronds 245
Freudian Slip 246
Guile 245
Indulgence 245
Memories of Life 245
Mirror 245
Psyche Traits 245
Pure Relic 245
Wraith Prestige 245

Gaunts 40

Geography 19, 29

Guilds, the 52, 67
Alchemists 109
and Titles 53
Artificers 111
Breaking of 54
Chanteurs 116
Harbingers 100
Haunters 127
Lesser 56
Masquers 122
Mnemoi 120
Monitors 118
Oracles 107
Pardoners 102
Proctors. 105
Puppeteers 131
Sandmen 129
Solicitors 113
Spooks 125
Usurers 133
War of 53

H

Harrowings 20, 176
Destruction 178
Examples 178
Helpful Hints 182
Mechanics 177
Quick and Dirty 181

Haunts 31

Healing 151

Health 72, 149

Hive-Mind 238

Humans 223
Character Creation 223

Chart 224
1

Influence 223
Bureaucracy 226
Church 227
Finance 227
Health 228
High Society 228
Industry 229
Legal 229
Media 230
Occult 230
Police 231 2

Politics 231
Street 232
Time Limits on 226
Transportation 232
Underworld 233
University 233

Initial Bid 144

K

KISS. 85
L
Labyrinth 30, 33
Laying Down the Law 208
Legions 49
Ranks 50
Anacreon 50
Centurion 50
Legionnaire 50
Marshal 50
Overlord 50
Regent 50
Roll Call 50
Lemures 39
Lexicon 21
Life 79
Lifesight 160
Live-Action 12
M
Maelstroms 33, 163
Manacles 44
Masks 44, 73
Memoriam 136
Metaphysics 37
Mob Scene 152
N
Narrators 14
Role 14
Nature 63, 81
Nature & Demeanor
Chart 64
Necropolis. 35
Nihils 20, 33, 162
Numina 234
Troubleshooting 235
oO
Oblivion 27
Oboli 28, 43
Off-Line Gaming 198
Overbidding 147
P
Passions 38, 67, 138
Pathos 70, 139
Props 18, 194
Punishment 51
R

Rapacity 238
Read This! 16

Reapers 40

Reference to Developer's

Favorite Pub 46

Regret 81

Relics 29, 41

Restless 36

Risen 211
Aggravated Damage 219
and the Shroud 220
Becoming Risen 221
Character Creation 211, 221
Combat 217
Conduits 215
Damage 218
Disciplines 215
Healing 220
Health 217
Slumber 220

Rock-Paper-Scissors 146

Roleplaying 13

Rules 14, 143

Rules, Basic 16

Ss

Setting 27

Shade Powers 243
Bind 243
Ectoplasmic Tentacles 243
Siphon Emotion 243
Spectral Scream 243
Talons 243
Tempest Wrack 243

Shadow Bids 172

Shadow, The 20
Creation 68

Characteristics 173
Sharpened Senses. 160
Shroud, the 20, 31, 160
Simple Tests 149
Skinlands 20, 30, 160
Society 38, 44
Soulforged Goods 42
Soulforging 42
Souls 28, 41
Trade in, 28
Soulsteel 42
Spectre Traits 238
Spectres 58, 235
Character Creation 236
Doppelgangers 59, 236
Malfeans 59, 237
Mortwights 237
Nephwracks 59, 237
Shades 59, 237
Striplings 236
States of Being 150
Status 38, 70, 136

Chart 137
Guild 137

Storyteller 14
Role 15

Storytelling 11, 185
Character Creation 202
Creating the Story 196
How to Host aGame 201
Player Questions 205
Pre-Game Tasks 202
Thralls and Ashtrays 191
Working With Narrators 206

Stygia 20, 32

Stygian steel 42

Substantiality and Going

Incorporeal. 150

Surprise 155

r

Tapdancing 204

Tempest 20, 30, 32, 161
Playing in the 163
Travel Through the 162

Testing 145

Thorns 69, 175
Aura of Corruption 176
Bad Luck 176
Devil's Dare 176
Freudian Slip 176
Shadow Life 176
Shadow Traits 176
Spectre Prestige 175
Tainted Relic 175
Trick of the Light 176

Thralls 39

Time 143

Time and Distance 162

Traits 79, 144
Negative 71, 146

Chart 71
U

Underworld 19, 27
Vv

Void, the 30

WwW

Walking Through Walls
31, 161

Weapons 43, 155
Bidding With 156
Chart 157

Willpower 70, 141, 152

Winners and Losers. 15

World of Darkness 18

Wraith: The Oblivion 12

rentield
never

had it

so good

Gus

VAMPIRE

The;Masquerade
June 1997

¥s

OF THE
LAW a

IS NO
DEFENSE Qq

IGNORANCE

@ Mind's Ege Theatied?


‘ How MANY WRAITHS
«Ue ARE IN This picTURE?

Hard to tell, isn't it?

You could be looking at
just one ghost —

the Puppeteer from
Wraith Second Edition.
Youcould be looking at a
mortal being Skinridden
— one wraith again.

But if her toys aren't
alice every tinker cine
and button could be
soulforged wraiths.
And if those dolls
aren't dolls at all...
if what you're really
looking at is one
Puppeteer and two,
or 40
Moliated wraiths...

this could be one

gerous page,
sorts of questions
are exactly why you
-d Guildbooks.
rs could tell
you whether she's
wearing relics or
soulforged trinkets.
Masquers might have
warned you about those
innocent-looking dolls.
And if you read
Sandmen , you might
decide that there

aren't any wraiths

in this picture at all.

Artificers
Now Available
Masquers
Now Available
Sandmen
Now Available
Haunters
Spring 1997
Puppeteers
Summer 1997
Pardoners
Fall 1997

= =

*

wx

‘

ce f S 95 = us =
"Gotcha! Youre Dead!"

a

4

"Are, too!"

BANS

Are, Too. Honest.

Death used to.be the end. Nobanymore. Now Oblivion lets you take
Mind's Eye Theatre across the Shroud, into the lands of the Restless
Dead. Explore the depths of the eternal Tempest. Join the centuries-old
political dances in the halls of Stygia. Run the mean streets of the World
of Darkness, and protect the Fetters that tie you to the lands of the living.
Being dead is all about choices, Now that you don't have to worry about
making a living, it's time to start making them.

Oblivion features:
+ Rules for wraiths, mortals and Risen;
« Rules for interactions with mortals, vampires and Garou;
* The best way to continue characters from other games who've
joumeyed to that undiscoyered country...

Be

W5400,

I


onion: "Sit Oe
