# File: Mexico City by Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A City SOURCEBOOK FOR VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE*

SCANNED BY OTHA!

in 300dpi

Eclusivity for RogsBookz&Scans, the best Hub
for Rpgs on DC++

By Pumippe R. BOutie, DEAN SHOMSHAK AND LUCIEN SOULBAN

VAMPIRE CREATED BY MARK Re Ins HAGEN


Crepits OveRHEARD

Written by: Philippe R. Boulle, Dean Shomshak You reek of booze.

and Lucien Soulban Vampire and the World of Darkness — Chris McDonough
created by Mark Rein* Hagen There's nothing bad about cute.
Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein-Hagen — Nicole Dale

Developed by: Justin Achilli Alright, fuckos, give me your fucking watches.
Proofreading: Wendy Misuinas — Justin Achilli

Editor: Michelle Lyons Hipteca@e shoes:

Art Director: Richard Thomas — Mike Tinney

Layout & Typesetting: Pauline Benney, Mike Chaney,

Becky Jollensten

Interior Art: Lief Jones, Christopher Shy, Kirk Van

Wormer and Conan Venus

Front Cover Art: John Van Fleet

Front & Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
735 PARK NORTH BLVD. served. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
E SUITE 198 reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage
CLARKSTON, GA 30021 tie'Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness
and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf
USA Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
CAME STUDIO Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade,
Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Guide to the Sabbat and
Mexico City by Night are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Alll characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supematural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion isadvised
For a free White Wolf catalog, call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
hep://www.white-wolf.com; alt-games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

CuapTeR ONE: SCRIPPOPBLOOD\( History)
Cuapter Two:A FLOweR\GROWING INDOISON (Geocrapxy)

CHApTeR THREE: CHARACTERS
CHapter Four: DLot THREADS

CHAPTER Five: STORYTELLING.



Proud of itself is the city of Mexico-Tenochtitlan

Here no one fears to die in war
This is our glory
This is your command
Oh giver of Life
Have this in mind, oh Princes
Who would conquer Tenochtitlan?
Who could shake the foundation of Heaven?

—Nahuatl poem

In the heart of Mexico City, a golden statue of a
winged woman stands atop a tall pedestal. This is the
Independence Monument, more commonly called the
Angel of Independence.

Revolution, reform, independence — these con-
cepts hold a powerful place in Mexican history and
culture. Mexico's greatest heroes are revolutionaries and
reformers. Mexicans revere Father Miguel Hidalgo, the
priest who sparked the country's war of independence
from Spain; Benito Judrez, the nineteenth-century presi-
dent who laid the foundations of the Mexican Republic;
and Gustavo Madero, Pancho Villa, Emiliano Zapata
and other heroes from an early twentieth-century civil
war of reform.

The Sabbatholds similar attitudes. The sect began
ina revolution. It calls for war against the deadly grip
of the Antediluvians and the elder Cainites who serve

as their proxies. It promises freedom and equality for
all the undead.

In 1985, a massive earthquake struck Mexico City. It
knocked the golden statue off its pedestal, and Mexicans
joked that the Angel of Independence was trying to fly.

The angel did not fly. It fell and broke, just as it did
when an earlier earthquake toppled the statue in 1957.

Mexico's revolutions keep failing. Within a few years
of independence from the Spanish monarchy, a Mexican
general proclaimed himself emperor. The reformer Judirez
was succeeded by Porfirio Diaz, who ruled for decades as
adictator. The Institutional Revolutionary Party, which
restored order after the civil war against Diaz, used
machine politics, graft and outright murder to stay in
power for more than 70 years.

The Sabbat does not live up its fine words, either.
Its leaders are centuries old, just like the "Kindred" it

[rmopucTiN: Tit FaLUNG ANGEL

5

claims to oppose. In a sect based on loyalty and free-
dom, these elders betray and exploit their juniors for
the sake of power. The Sabbat has suffered three civil
wars since its inception.

After the third civil war, a cabal of powerful elders
seized power and restored order. The cabal's leader,
Melinda Galbraith, became the Regent of the Sabbat.
Her political machine dominated the Sabbat consistory
for decades. No one could assemble a coalition strong
enough to break its grip; no Cainite survived an open
conflict with Galbraith.

Now Galbraith is dead. Something destroyed her
more than a year ago, and an impostor took her
place. The exposure of that impostor threatens
Galbraith's coalition. Leadership of the Sabbat is up
for grabs. The sect has a genuine chance to reform
itself — or it could slide into a fourth civil war, or
fall into naked dictatorship.

Once more the angel tries to fly

ABout THIS BOOK

Mexico City by Night introduces Vampire players
to the premier city of the Sabbat — the sect's black
Babylon. The Sabbat's consistory of leaders meets in
Mexico City. An estimated 500 Cainites stalk its streets.
Many more Sabbat visit every year to strike deals, pursue
vendettas, plead for favors and celebrate sect festivals
Some of the Sabbat's mightiest elders call Mexico City
their home. Here the Sabbat rules the night unchal-
lenged. The Camarilla holds no power here, and even
Cainites from independent clans walk softly. Only a fool
would challenge the Sword of Caine in the very heart of
its power. Mexico City isn't just a Sabbat city: It's the
ultimate Sabbat city.

Mexico City contains something for every style of
play. Sabbat chronicles can become intensely political,
and every faction in the Sword of Caine keeps a presence
in Mexico City. If the storytelling challenge of the Paths
of Enlightenment fascinates your players, their charac-
ters can find teachers in the city, as well as plenty of
challenges to their humanity and inhumanity. Ambi-
tious characters can see the top of the Sabbat's ladder of
power in Mexico City: Mere neonates cannot hope to
win seats in the consistory, but the prisci, seraphs and
cardinals need aides-de-camp, just like mortal politi-
cians. In a chronicle about elders, the players' characters
can aim for consistory membership. Those who play up
the Sabbat's notorious violence can rampage through the
world's largest punk dystopia.

Storytellers who do not run Mexico City chronicles
can still find use from this book if the characters travel.
Sabbat from other cities can easily find reasons to visit
their sect's "capital." Coming up with reasons for inde-
pendent vampires to visit the city takes a little more
work. Camarilla characters would need extraordinary

motivation to visit Mexico City, and they would need
extraordinary skill and discretion to avoid destruction.
But don't look at that as a deterrent, look at it as a
storytelling challenge.

Mexico City by Night is divided into five chapters.

Chapter One explains the history of Mexico City —
both the mundane city and its Cainite population. Mexico
City is seven centuries old, and the Sabbat are not the
first Cainites to dwell in it. This chapter follows the city
from its origin as the capital of the Aztec Empire to the
modern nights

Chapter Two provides an overview of the city's
geography, from the Historic Center's colonial palaces to
the periphery's teeming shantytowns. Each division of
the city holds its own special interests for the Sabbat.

Chapter Three supplies numerous characters from
every level of the Sabbat, from potent elders in the
consistory to childer newly dragged into the darkness.
A few Cainites from outside the sect make their ap-
pearance as well.

Chapter Four suggests several plots that Storytellers
can.use ina Mexico City chronicle, with special emphasis
on the threat of a Fourth Sabbat Civil War. Storytellers
receive suggestions about which characters tie into which
plot threads. This is a good place to start planning a
chronicle, by deciding which aspects of Mexico City and
the Sabbat you want to emphasize.

Chapter Five concludes the book with advice on
running a Mexico City chronicle. The chapter discusses
themes, mood and storytelling techniques, with further
notes on how the Sabbat operates in Mexico City. The
chapter concludes with a selection of special abilities
possesses by some of the characters.

Like any major metropolis, Mexico City is far too
large to describe in detail, and Mexico City by Night
does not try. Instead, it (like its companion volumes
New York by Night and Cairo by Night) merely
supplies a framework that Storytellers can use to build
their own chronicles.

The sheer size of Mexico City and its Cainite
population would make a complete description impos-
sible in any case. No one knows how many mortals live
in Mexico City, but its population passed 20 million in
1990 — and it still grows quickly. Beyond a doubt,
Mexico City is the largest city in the world. It is only
fitting that Mexico City carries the largest Cainite
population too, but we cannot — simply cannot —
publish a book of 500 character

In truth, we don't want to. We have no intention
of dictating how you play your games. Mexico City by
Night is a resource you can add to your storytelling
toolbox. It'sa collection of basic information, sample
characters and storylines for you to adapt to your own
use. You can read this book once and start a Mexico
City story right away. We hope, however, that just as
Mexico City has grown far beyond what its founders

‘Moxco Cav ay Nic

6

could imagine, your chronicle grows far beyond the
foundation of this book, with your own characters
and stories

THEME AND Moon

‘Any Sabbat theme and mood can work in a Mexico
City chronicle. Certain themes and moods become espe-
cially appropriate, though, in the Sabbat's center of
power. A Mexico City chronicle gives Storytellers an
opportunity to examine the sect's inmost nature.

THEME

Themes of hypocrisy and disintegration run
through Mexico City by Night. The Sabbat's internal
conflicts rage all the more fiercely in its greatest center
of power. The sect's elders retain their power through
lies, propaganda and sheer brutality. For all the sect's
talk of equality, its leaders crush any junior who dares
to challenge or displease them. Even the faintest
pretense of equality vanishes where the sect's cadre of
ghoul and revenant slaves is concerned. The elders
prate of loyalty and solidarity, but they stand together
only so far as they must to keep themselves safe from
the neonate rabble. They whip the younger Sabbat
into revolutionary fervor, then throw them at Camarilla
elders who slaughter them more often than not. At
least such dupes can be called martyrs to the Sabbat's
cause; far more Sabbat meet Final Death in sensel:
Monomacies and brawls between packs. Mortals Em-
braced into the Sabbat receive only the freedom to kill
and freedom to die.

In the midst of this brutal hypocrisy, a single lie's
exposure sends the Sabbat into a tailspin. Ironically, this
isnot a lie from a mighty elder — merely a frightened
neonate trying to save his own unlife by concealing the
murder of the sect's regent. The revelation of the regent's
destruction pits elder against elder, and the conflict drags
in the rest of the Sabbat.

The infighting could not come at a worse time. A
resurgent Camarilla just handed the Sword of Caine a
crushing defeat in New York City. Most of the sect':
blood sorcerers, the Tremere antitribu, apparently burned
themselves to ash. Perhaps that strange disaster has some
connection toa mysterious foe who sends severed but still
undead Sabbat heads to the sect's leaders. The Ravnos
antitribu suffered a wave of fratricidal madness. Self-
proclaimed prophets declare that Gehenna has begun.
The sect's Antediluvian and Methuselah enemies are
waking up — and in this time of ultimate crisis, the
Sabbat's elders turn on each other.

Uncertainty about an emerging future also works
well in a Mexico City chronicle. Whatever happens to
the Sabbat in Mexico City holds great importance for the
sect as. a whole. Chaos or revolution among the city's
Cainites may herald sweeping changes for the entire
Sabbat — perhaps even the sect's dissolution.

Moop

Pump up the volume! Mexico City's Sabbat don't
have to hold back, so they don't. They are as uninhibited
and crazy as they wanna be. In the city's slums, a Sabbat
pack can knock down a shack, slaughter the family, and
play street soccer with the severed heads — and the
authorities won't hear a thing. Under conditions like
this, vampires can truly be vampires.

Don't be afraid to populate your Mexico City with
complete maniacs. Whatever the scene, from a
splatterpunk rumble between packs to high Mass in a
colonial church, try to push the situation a step further
into hysterical excess. Don't just say that some old
women pray in an ornate old church. Describe how
tears stream down their cheeks as they beg the Virgin
Mary for aid, and how you can barely see the church's
walls for all the gilded cherubs and vines and draperies.
When two capitalino Cainites duel, they don't just
fight with fangs and claws — they fight with chainsaws!
On a giant statue of Benito Judrez's head! With a ring
of fire around it, and dozens of their fellow monsters
cheering them on!

Restraint? Good taste? Basic common sense? Leave
‘em to those Camarilla wimps. For a Mexico City by
Night chronicle, show all the restraint of a Roman
debauch, the good taste of a dead baby joke, and the
common sense of a spree killer. Every night feels like the
endof the world, so intensely do the city's Cainites pursue
their pleasures and pains and vendettas.

ResouRces

You can begin a Mexico City chronicle immediately
after reading this book, but a long-running chronicle
demands furtherresearch. Books, moviesand othersources
can provide far more background material and story ideas
than one slim game supplement ever could. As you learn
more about Mexico City, your chronicle will grow richer
and more uniquely your own.

BooKs

Any book about Mexico probably discusses Mexico
: The city dominates the country to that degree.
Children's books provide a good place to start your

City

reading. They provide basic information about Mexico's
history, government, food, festivals and culture, with a
wealth of pictures. It's so much easier to seta scene if you

an show playersa picture ofa building, park orstreet and
say, "Here you are, only it's night."

Fodor's Mexico. If you want maps, lists of hotels and
restaurants, taxi fares and other details about Mexico
City life, Fodor's gives more than you can ever use. It
concentrates upon areas that appeal to tourists, of course:
Expect lots of information about churches, palaces, mu-
seums and art galleries, and little about shantytowns and
industrial zones. Fodor's updates its guides annually, so

nmRODUCTON: Tie FALUNG ANcEL

f

you can find authentic and current information about
Mexico City locales. The guidebook also describes re-
gions throughout Mexico.

See also Lonely Planet's Mexico City, by John Noble,
John Fisher's Mexico: The Rough Guide, and Mexico City:
World's Largest Metropolis, by Andrew Coe. The last
especially shines for its discussions about more oblique
topics such as pulque (a uniquely Mexican alcoholic
drink), Aztec mythology, Mexico's greatest movie star,
and masked wrestlers.

Mexico City: A Cultural and Literary Companion, by
Nick Caistor. Instead of a straightforward guide, this
book presents a series of vignettes from the city's past and
present. Storytellers who want to tie their characters and
plots to events in the city's history can find plenty of
inspiration here.

The World's Most Dangerous Places by Robert Young
Pelton includes a chapter about Mexico. Pelton gives
information about drug cartels, organized crime, ren-
egade military leaders and the corrupt powers that be.
Any Storyteller who sends her chronicle into the Third
World can find something useful in this book.

La Capital: The Biography of Mexico City by Jonathan
Kandell. This is an almost exhaustive look at Mexico
City's past with interesting anecdotes that brings person-
alities to life through their foibles and machinations.
Although it ends in the mid-1980s, you can raid it for
character concepts (perhaps not the actual, historical
people, but Cainites who resemble them).

A New Time for Mexico by Carlos Fuentes. A dry and
perhaps overwrought political and sociological view of
Mexico, its past and future. Fuentes offers some interest-
ing insights that deserve a place in the library of
Mexicophiles, however.

Sliced Iguana: Travels in Unknown Mexico by Isabella
Tree. Travels in Mexico through the eyes of a visitor
with some ties and contacts in the region. Tree pro-
vides anecdotes of the sort that history books never
disclose, including great vignettes of life in Mexico's
Federal District.

Mexico: A Higher Vision, by Michael Calderwood
and Gabriel Brefia. This is a book of aerial photos of
Mexico, with a section about Mexico City. As a photo
book, it tends to skimp on background information.
What it provides, however, is interesting and useful to
someone seeking information about pictured locations'
history and significance.

Picture Mexico City: Landmarks of a New Generation,
from the J. Paul Getty Trust. The trust paired photogra-
phers with young people from a range of neighborhoods
and asked them to take pictures of people and places they
considered "landmarks" of their city. The young people
provide their own commentary. The result is a street-
level view of Mexico City, from conventional parks and
monuments to cafés, living rooms and squatter shacks.

Even the touristy landmarks take on a new light through
the commentary of the teenagers.

Mexico also boasts a strong tradition of poets and
novelists who examine their society with a critical eye.
Octavio Paz, Elena Poniatowsky and the aforementioned
Carlos Fuentes enjoy particularly high reputations. A few
of their novels have been turned into movies.

Music

Storytellers who like to create "soundtracks" for
their play sessions can find no shortage of music from
or about Mexico, or at least with a Latin sound.
Mariachi music instantly sets a scene as "Mexico."
Classical music on Spanish themes, such as Bizet's
Carmen, de Falla's El Amor Brujo or Rodrigo's Fantasy
for a Gentleman can serve a similar purpose, especially
to introduce the sect's elders.

Labels such as Fonovisa and Cintas Acuario have
released CDs of narcocorridos. Songs about crime,
shootouts and running the border work well for the
Sabbat — but the lyrics are all set to cheerful waltz or
polka beats. Bubbly music with gangsta lyrics can provide
a surreal accompaniment to a scene of carnage. Some of
the big names in narcocorridos include Los Tigres del
Norte, Luisand Julian, Chalino Sanchezand Los Pajaritos
del Sur,

Fi_m, VIDEO AND TELEVISION

Your best source is probably Mexican movies them-
selves. Look in the foreign section of your friendly local
video rental outlet, and pray. Mexico has a large movie
industry, but too few of its films achieve wide distribution
north of the border.

El Mariachi is one of those few. This movie tells the
story of a young musician who is mistaken for a notorious
killer. Its raw, bloody portrayal of gangland violence can
serve as inspiration for Sabbat vendettas. The film also
includes a memorable portrayal of Mexican police cor-
ruption. Its semi-sequel Desperado, also from director
Robert Rodriguez, is slicker, American-made and I
useful as a guide to Mexican daily life. Rodriguez also
directed From Dusk ‘Til Dawn, which may provide inspi-
ration for the Sabbat and its hunters at their seediest and
most violent, though its vampires have little in common
with those of Vampire: The Masquerade.

You may have more trouble finding "serious" Mexi-
can cinema. Los Olvidados and El Bruto, from Luis
Bunuel, show that the famed Surrealist director could
also make gritty, realistic movies about the lives of
poor people in Mexico City. These movies were made
in the 1950s, but much remains relevant. Midaq Allley,
directed by Jorge Fons, can't be beat for its portrayal of
the lives of working-class and middle-class capitalinos
The Worst Boy in Town (dir. Enrique Gomez Vadillo)
shows Mexico City street life at its seamiest through a
story about a young tough who has a double life as a gay

‘Mexco Cry ay Nat

8

hustler. Deep Crimson (dir. Arturo Ripstein), a crazed
love story about serial killers, could be about the
Sabbat at its most demented.

Mexico also produces a large quantity of low-budget
horror movies about sorcerers, vampires, Aztec mummies
and such ilk. A few were dubbed into English. For
instance, Invasion of the Vampires pits a young occultist
against a vampire count and his legion of undead min-
ions. Most of these are frankly awful, but they provide a
view into Mexican fantasy life.

For the lowest and looniest, check out the serials
about masked wrestler superheroes. Typical titles in-
clude El Santo versus the Vampire Women and Neutron
versus the Death Robots. These could inspire some
Sabbat games of instinct for a chronicle that empha-
sizes the absurd and bizarre.

ONLINE Resources

The World Wide Web contains far too much
material about Mexico City to be useful in any direct
way. General guides to Mexico City seldom present
more information than you can find in Fodor's or other
print sources. On the other hand, a search engine such
as Google or Yahoo! can turn up all sorts of odd
snippets of data: UFO sightings, business listings, pro-
test marches, reports on missionary work, and more.

The best strategy seems to be to search on the names
of specific neighborhoods. Keep in mind that patterns
sometimes tell more than the web pages themselve:

For instance, a search on "Satellite City" chiefly turned
up business listings, with many international compa-
nies. That tells you something about what Satellite

City is like.

Inrmopuction: Tit FaLunG ANcéL

9


It is given to men, sir, to attack the rights of others, to take their property, to
attempt the lives of those who defend their liberty, and to make of their virtues acrime
and of their own vices a virtue. But there is one thing which is beyond the reach of

perversity, and that is the tremendous verdict of history. History will judge us.
—President-in-exile Benito Juarez to his successor, Archduke Maximilian.

Welcome toel Distrito Federal, better known as Mexico
City to us natives (call us chilangos) or Tenochtitlan to my
Teimisce allies enamored with Aztec practices. Mexico City
is a collision of eras. Her history unfolds in the Templo
Mayor that predates many European cities, in the unique
murals of Diego Rivera, and in the surviving haciendas of the
Porfiriato era's Golden Age. More importantly, Mexico
City paints her history in blood, a fact for which she remains
unapologetic; it is the source of her passion and allure.

TheCamarilla'sdandies—andevenourownshovelheads
—believe we are responsible for the city's often murderous
state ofaffairs. Truthfully, though, elD.F. affectsusmorethen
we do it. You won't find too many Sons and Daughters of
Caine who'll admit that, but it's true. We boast we're 500
strongin city of seventeen million cattle, butare we actually
impactinganythingwhen the authoritiesarrest 443 criminals
a day in Mexico City? Or when they respond to 700 crimes
each day, of which 182 are violent? Or 15,000 murders each
year? Or 70,000 car thefts? Or the one million muggings? Do
you really think Cainites are the source of ll these ills? Guess
what... we're adrop in the bucket compared to what mortals
are doing to themselves. We're just the jackals following in
theirbloody wake, because we have neither the scope northe
imagination to measure up to mortal ingenuity.

I said the region's history is awash in blood, but few
peoplerealize such violence stemmed from necessity. Young
thwacks speak of the Aztecs like junior-league occultists
and groupies. They admire the inherent cannibalism and
sacrifices without recognizing that the Aztecs indulgedsuch
practices out of need. Perhaps some relished violence for its
own sake, but the majority followed standards important to
their existence... much like the early Sabbat.

Again, like the Sabbat, Mexico City suffered revolutions
and civil wars, not for the sake of disorder but because of real
social concems and dissatisfaction. Now, however, crime is
rampant among mortals, and our younger sect members
follow suit because they forget why we fight. Instead, car theft
jumps 100 percent and we take to the streets to contribute to
that extra one percent. Instead, a pizza vendor endures 23
robberies in one year, and we Embrace the fool to see the
surprise on the robbers' faces when he fights back.

But what happens after he fights back? What do we
offer him then? His existence is no longer something that
strengthens the sect. It was all one big joke — and we
wonder why New York fell!

We forgot why it is we fight, as has Mexico City. Ieis
time to remember again.

— Alissandro Motolinia

rater One: Scart oF Biooo

il

cA
QUETZALCOATL §
First FLIGHT

As told by Juancho, Ductus of the Knotted Rose

One thing that impressed me about the Aztecs was
their fatalism. Every 52 years, they prepared for their
Empire's sudden destruction; it was Ce Acatl, the Year of
the Reed. According to the Aztecs, four worlds existed
before this one, and each had perished beneath torrential
winds or volcanic fire or devastating floods. The Aztecs
knew their reign would eventually end. It was only natural
since history was cyclical: The Aztecs replaced the Toltecs,
who in turn had usurped the Teotihuacanos.

On the final night of every 52-year cycle (there were
several), Huitzilopochtli's priests extinguished all fires
throughout the kingdom and beseeched their god to bring
dawn once again. Evenas they did so, however, they knew
their end still meant a continuation of life. One set of gods
would usurp theirs, as they had done to the Toltecs, but
people would continue their business more or less as

before. Meanwhile the new rulers would claim lineage to
their conquered predecessors, thus legitimizing their rule.

How surprised were the Aztecs, then, when another
52 years ended and locusts called the Spaniards devoured

their civilization and way of being?

BeFoRe THE CANNIBAL KINGS

The Valley of Mexico saw several civilizations rise
and fall, some with cultures to humble the Europeans.
Before that, though, the first tribes settling the valley had
one profound effect on the area. They hunted much of the
local wildlife, especially those they could have domesti-
cated, into extinction. Thus, there were no domesticated
animals that could till the fields and pull heavy loads. The
Indians accomplished that themselves, later using the lake

Husk

When the Aztecs served the Culhuacdn tribe
(whom they hated) as mercenaries and slaves, they
offered to marry the chief's daughter to cement their
alliance. The Culhuacan chief agreed and arrived at
their temple to witness his daughter's marriage. The
priest greeting him, however, wore a dress of flayed
human skin... his daughter's skin and face, to be
precise. The Aztecs had sacrificed the chiefs daugh-
ter to announce their split from the Culhuacan.

There is one Sabbat who practices this ancient
ritual devoutly by using Vicissitude to sliphis victim's
skin over his own, but nobody remembers his name
or original face. He is large because, my vatos say, he
wears at least one hundred skins and never removes
the flesh of his previous victims. Instead the layers
stretch and crack, covering him with crevasses inches
deep. We call him Husk.

for transport and for harvests (like scooping up the mos-
quito eggs covering the lake's surface and mashing them
into ahigh protein paste). This lack of animals also meant
most people couldn't hunt for meat when droughts or
floods destroyed crops. This led to infanticide during the
lean years, and more importantly, to cannibalism, both of
which were accepted practices.

Despite the lack of domesticated animals, however,
various tribes thrived and grew, like the Teotihuacanos. Few
records survive from these times, but the suspected existence
of a torpid Methuselah beneath the Pedregal lava flow in
Cuicuilco is just one tantalizing mystery of the undead who
stalked the Toltecs and Teotihuacanos. Another legend was
that of Quetzalcoatl, a plumed serpent also described as
"white hero of the break of dawn." He was a bearded white
man who wasugly butskilledin smeltingand metallurgy. This
god-figure also opposed sacrifices, lustingafter gold andsilver.
Tewas this legend saved the Spaniard Conqueror Cortés from
destruction at the hands of the normally fierce Aztecs (he was
bearded, white, ugly and "skilled" in metallurgy as evidenced
by his armor and lust for gold).

Whoever Quetzalcoatl was remains unknown save for
the myriad theories surrounding his existence. Some be-
lieve him Cainite like ourselves, though little evidence
supports our presence in the Valley of Mexico so early in
history. A more popular theory is that Quetzalcoatl was a
terrible vision of the future, an augury of things to come
that the Toltecs later anthropomorphized into a personal-
ity. Certainly, this is in keeping with the many omens and
portents surrounding the Spaniards' arrival.

Aswithall mortal empires, the rule ofthe Teotihuacanos
eventually fell for reasons that would continue to resurface
throughout Mexico's history: agricultural and territorial con-
cerns. Simply put, land is power. In the case of the
Teotihuacanos, they aggressively slashed and burned the
mountainside forests in order to gather wood and create
farmlands. This deforestation prevented the soil from absorb-
ingwater, which in turn led to droughts. By this time, Mexico
Valley's main city was Teotihuacan, a city that was larger
than Imperial Rome and possessed a population of 100,000.

When the droughts became severe, the Teotihuacanos
forced vassalage tribes to contribute greater shares of crops
for Teotihuacan. Many of the tribes could not, and the
resulting famines and wars spelled the end of the empire.
The Teotihuacanos lost power because the people and
military believed the gods no longer heeded their rulers.
The city itself fell to barbarian hordes that swept up
supporters among the starving tribes and eventually pil-
laged and burned the once-great city.

Strangely enough, the fall of Teotihuacén also coin-
cided with the collapse of the Mayanand Oaxacan Empires,
all due to drought or jungle soil erosion. Conspiracy
theorists among the Sabbat (I'm looking in your direction,
Noddists) claim the Lupines caused the widespread eco-
logical failure across the peninsula to hem in increased
mortal populations. Certainly, the mortal populace in the

‘Mexco Cry By Nice

12

valley dropped significantly, by 100,000 according to
archeological estimates. This lends some credence to this
theory... but not much.

The next three centuries saw waves of barbarians drift
into the Valley of Mexico, eventually bringing in the
Toltecs. The Toltecs built magnificent cities, but ruled for
only two centuries before severe droughts and agricultural
problems crippled thems well. Barbarians swept through
the region, destroying the Toltecs and leaving the valley
rife with competing tribes.

CANNIBAL KINGS

AND CANNIBAL GODS

When the fall of the last Aztec Emperor Moctezuma
neared, a great stone outside the city spoke of his impend-
ing ruin. A Sabbat Cainite named Hector de Velasco
uncovered the monolith a century later and convinced his
pack to transport it into their underground haven. Hector's
pack communed with the stone for decades, until its
secrets thinned their blood, and their skin blackened and
cracked like meat over an open flame. They perished and
their superstitious allies buried the chamber, never telling
anyone of its exact location. Now, on certain nights in the
Plaza Garibaldi, after the bars close and the mariachi
bands go home, you'll find a dozen homeless people with
their ears to the ground, listening to the faint murmurs of
the great stone somewhere beneath them.

During the years that Hector listened to the stone, he
transcribed some of his conversations, which means we
gained quite a bit of insight into some supernatural events
of the Aztec era. The Aztecs themselves claimed their
origins in a mystical realm of plenty called Aztlan before
being driven out into the harsh wilderness. Who cast them
from this paradise or why remains a mystery to historians
and archeologists alike, but their centuries-long exodus
eventually brought them into the Valley of Mexico.

Whether the valley protected any Cainites or not
when the Aztecs arrived remains strictly conjecture, but at
least two of the Damned may have existed in the region.
Their presence, however, crosses from myth to possibility
only following the Aztec era. The Aztecs themselves
worshiped a beast of the night named Huitzilopochtli, the
"Hummingbird-of-the-left" or "Hummingbird Wizard."

During their journey, the Aztecs encountered
Huitzilopochtli's templeamongthe Tarascansin Michoacén.
Apparently, the Tarascanshadalready adopted Huitzilopochtli

Parry Favorsre
lonce went to the stadium before abullfightand _
feed a bit of my vitae to one of the bulls. It was
hilarious. You should have seen the look on the
crowd's faces when the bull gored the matador so
hard he lost an arm: It then jumped into the stands
with one graceful leap and gutted six people before
they finally killed it. It was great. Z

into their pantheon, but the deity/Cainite's origin still re-
mains a mystery. Hector de Velasco's great stone called
Huivzlopochtli "barren" and claimed he could not breed.

If Aztec legends hold any truth, we know that
Huitzilopochtli exploded from his mother Coatlicue, the
Mother Goddess, and dismembered his sister
Coyolxauhqui, Goddess of the Moon. Sabbat scholars
believe this speaks of diablerie, but even after tracing
various clan lineages, they have little clue as to how a
Cainite settled in Latin America. What theories do exist
remain dubious under the best circumstances.

Most Noddists believe Huitzilopochtli accompanied
the Aztecs into the Valley of Mexico, having foretold of
their promised land, where they would find an eagle sitting
upon a cactus, devouring a snake (something that he may
even have engineered through the Gifts of the Blood like
Protean or Chimestry). Another theory, however, is that
the Cainite "Huitzilopochtli" replaced the Aztecs' god
after they settled in the region. Huitzilopochtli was ini-
tially a largely peaceful deity before the Aztecs transformed
him to match their own bloodthirsty temperament. This
personality shift could have coincided with a Cainite's or
othersupernatural being's appearance; someone who posed
as the Aztecs' god soon after their arrival.

Regardless, when the Aztecs first entered Mexico
Valley, they were pitiful refugees who survived by selling
their skills as mercenaries to the Tepanecs. A rival tribe
called the Culhuacén eventually conquered the Aztecs
and forced them to live in harsh lands of volcanic rock and
poisonous serpents. The Aztecs survived and eventually
eamed their freedom, which they repaid by skinning the
Culhuacén chief's daughter and fleeing toa tiny island for
protection. It was there they found the eagle upon the
cactus devouring the snake, and there that they settled.

The Aztecs renamed the island Tenochtitlan in 1325
—marking the official founding of Mexico City — though
the Aztecs took longer to quell the neighboring tribes and
rule the valley, Behind the scenes, awarofshadowsemerged.
Tenochtitlan's growth created the area's first city-state
since the fall of Teotihuacdn. Tenochtitlin became a com-
mercial center —the heart of the expanding Aztec empire.

But while the city grew in prominence and eclipsed its
neighbors, Huitzilopochtli discovered rivals to his divin-
ity. The first of these was in the form of Tlaloc, a local
water deity. Like Huitzilopochtli, Tlaloc's nature remains
a mystery. He dwelled in the lake as an elemental spirit of
sorts, demanding sacrificial tributes for his continued
beneficence. Some Sabbat believed Tlaloc was a ghost
who drownedin the lake centuries earlier, but he may have
been a spirit trapped in the Valley of Mexico after the
Teotihuacanos deforested the mountainside and turned
the valley into a reservoir of sorts. Regardless, the Aztecs
needed the local waters to survive, forcing Huitzilopochtli
into an alliance with Tlaloc.

Tlaloc became Huitzilopochtli's strongest ally, help-
ing him force alliances upon other "Cainites" like the

Caaeren Ont: Scaurt oF Btoop

13

Great Goddess Toci, as well as Tezcatlipoca or "Smoking
Mirror," the Toltec God of Night. According to the great
stone, Tezcatlipoca had existed the longest of any within
the Valley of Mexico. He had countered many incursions
into his own territory, including one waged by his rival
Quetzalcoatl, but he couldn't overcome the alliance be-
tween Huitzilopochtli and Tlaloc. With their unequalled
strength, the two beings cemented alliances with those
entities they could not destroy, such as Toci and
Tezcatlipoca, thus drawing in a handful of Toltec deities
into the Aztec Pantheon and guaranteeing their worship.

Interestingly, the Lasombraclaim Tezcatlipocaastheirs,
though they're uncertain how a potential Methuselah ar-
rived in Latin America so early. The Cainite Hector de
Velasco transcribed something of potential interest, how-
ever, regarding Tezcatlipoca. The great stone claimed this
being was "a reflection of what the mirror would not show
others," and "the cast-off countenance ofa Blooded beingso

powerful that even its reflection refused to fade." Velasco
took this to mean Tezcatlipoca was the reflection of a
powerful Lasombra, one that had taken form elsewhere.

THe FLOWER WARS

The Aztecs' rule was awash in blood. They consecrated
their temples with thousands of sacrifices, devastating con-
quered tribes. Professional skinners and cooks then collected
the bodies thrown down the temple stairs and served thera to
the city's elite in massive cannibal feasts. In some instances,
the sacrifices were so great (one numbered 5,000 victims)
that even beggars wore skinned flesh. Eventually the
realized they could not continue conducting sacrifices oft
magnitude without fosteringrebellionamong vassalage states
(which bore the brunt of supplying victims).

To that end, the Aztecs created the Flower Wars.

The Flower Wars were entirely pretense, whereupon the
Aztecs would challenge a vassal tribe to "war" for some

EXPLANATIONS AND ALLEGATIONS

As fequested, | investigated the potential for a super-
natural presence in theancient Mexico Valley. Mosttheories
of Cainite collusion with the local Indians before the 1500s
are either too Euro-centric or too improbable. Still, T in-
cluded two of the more interesting possibilities just in case,
ignoring the Viking connection since you have already
investigated that avenue. Here are some others to consider.

Theory One: The Setite Drift

Archeologists believe Egyptian sailors and merchants
from pharaonic times were already trading tin in England,
and had managed to circumnavigate Africa's southem tip
to reach Africa's west coast. Now legends have spread of
Egyptian sailors whofollowed thenorthern-bound Benguela
Currentalong A frica's coastline, then inadvertently caught
the fast-moving South Equatorial Current bridging the
Atlanticstrangle point between A fricaand South America.
The South Equatorial Current hugs the South American
coastline and funnels straight through the Yucatan Chan-
nel and into the Gulf of Mexico.

‘Admittedly, the chance thata Setite happened to be
aboard a trading vessel that found its way to South
America is.slim (unless it was a deliberate attempt).
Compound that with the odds ofa Setite who would have
drained the handful of crew before they ever spotted land,
much less one who could have honed in on Mexico
Valley had he even entered the Gulf of Mexico, and it's
impossible on the surface. I propose, however, that if a
Setite landed in South America (most likely in the
Amazon basin or at Veracruz), it probably searched for
mortals by venturing north and sustaining itself on ani-
mal vitae. It could have eventually settled in the lush
Mexico Valley, which possessed the densest population
of the continentand wasa terminus for wandering tribes.
If this Setite was the legendary serpent Quetzalcoatl,

then the legend claiming he eventually sailed east upon.
a "raft of snakes" possesses an ominous ring.

Theory Two: The Kuei-jin Drift

You may not like this, but any undead presence in
Mexico Valley before the 1500s was likelier Kuei-jin
then Cainite. Shan Hai King, a classic book of ancient
China compiled circa 2250 BC, tells of a voyage across
the Great Eastern Sea and a 2,000-mile journey down:
the length of the land beyond. Although experts ini-
tially regarded it as a fable, they recently realized that
the landmark descriptions are too similar to North
America to be coincidental, including that of the
"Great Luminous Canyon," which bears remarkable
similarities to the Grand Canyon.

Alaterclassic, Kuen 327, describes a similar journey
ofa Buddhist priest through Fu-sang (in the fifth century
AD), or what experts now believe matches descriptions
of Mexico and the Yucatan. There are reputedly more
crossings, with some experts theorizing that one journey
in 323 BC created the Quetzalcoatl (or Kukulcan) myth
of the bearded strangers with white skin (Chinese sailors)
who promise to return. This, of course, doesn't count the
postulated massive influx of Mongolians, possibly across
the Bering Straits, between 668 and 1175 AD. Some
experts believe they came from the Kingdom of Tollan in
Mongolia near Tula River and Baikal Lake. In fact, they
called it Anahuae or "near the water." The Mongolians
drifted south into the paradise of Mexico Valley and
settled there,renamingplaces to match those from home
like Mexico's Tula Basin: Mexico Valley was eventually
called Anahuac. If this theory is true, the Mongolian
migrations may have brought Kuei-jin with them, which
explains why the Sabbat had such a difficult time ousting
these creatures when they first arrived.

Mexico Cy By Nice

14

imagined slight (or vice-versa). The two armies then met
upon the battlefield, but the generals opposing the Aztecs
specifically led their forces to ruin and capture. This way, the
Aztecshada constant supply of victimsand the vassal leaders
looked like they opposed the Aztec's thirst forsacrifices. They
were called the Flower Wars because the /

vassal leaders from the losing tribe to watch the sacri

indulge in the cannibal feasts while protecting theiranonym-
ity behind screens made from flowers.

Unbeknownst to most mortals, however, the Flower
Wars also deepened Tlaloc's, Huitzilopochtli's, Toci's and
Tezcatlipoca's thirsts, turning them into gluttons for blood
and death. Tezcatlipoca watched the sacrifices from be-
hind flower screens that hid orgies and flesh banquets,
while the waters in Tlaloc's temple became a thick viscera
of innards and decomposing bodies. Huitzilopochtli's cham-
ber rested at the center of the Great Pyramid with blood
sluices connected to the four sacrificial altars:
Huitzilopochtli himself grew immense on the steady flow
of blood that practically dripped into his giant maw
(which the stone says was large enough to gorge upon a
mortal with one bite).

The tithe of humiliation and vitae carried a steep cost,
The Aztecs grew complacent, and rival tribes challenged to
aFlower War soon did their utmost to win. The Aztecs won
their successive battles, but only barely. Underground cults
dedicated to Quetzalcoatl swelled with mortals tired of the
endless barbarity. Aztec king Motecuhzoma II, already
pious and fearful, interpreted every misfortune as a premo-
nition of doom. It did not help when the allied ruler of
Texcoco, the necromancer Nezahualpilli, told Motecuhzoma
II that only death and destruction awaited the c Em-
pire. Nezahualpilli'sauguries coincided with the appearance
of a fiery comet in the night sky. Huitzilopochtli's temple
inexplicably caught fire; then lightning struck Toci's temple;
then mysterious whirlpools appeared around Tenochtitlan
and partially flooded the city. Motecuhzoma II panicked,
but maintained his rule over the rebelling vassals through
bloodthirsty will. Then he received word that coastal settle-
ments had seen great ships manned by bearded white men
off the eastern coast

Quetzalcoatl had returned, and the Aztecs fast ap-
proached Ce Acatl, the Year of the Reed and the end of
another 52-year

INTHE LAND OF
BeARDED Gops

Astoldby Francisca Aguilar, Pack Priest of the Los Olvidados

For mortals and Cainites alike, Spain was the center
of European events at the end of the medieval period. The
country had recently vanquished the invading Moors and
ANB ) 62} the heirs of two major feudal powers, Isabella of Castile

4 and Ferdinand of Aragorn, were wed. The rest of Europe

83 LOUOLSé DDH /\ was busy trying to recover from the Black Death, leaving

Cuarrer One: Scrirt oF Biooo
15

Spainas the leading power of the time. The Spaniards, not
content tositon their laurels, also competed with Portugal
to find new routes to the Far East because the current
overland routes were too expensive. Most of the gold
panned in North Africa and the silver mined in Europe
went to Asia to pay for commodities.

On the Cainite side of events, the Sabbat had fared
poorly against the newly formed Camarilla, which used
commerce as its principle weapon. What made Spain in
particular so appealing to the struggling Cainites was that
the Camarilla's tricks to seize power elsewhere were not as
effective here. For example, the Spaniards disdained agri-
culture and crafts because the alien Moors excelled at them
(and because manual labor was punishment to those in
servitude). They discrusted finance because it was "a Jewish
practice." In short, the economic tactics used to hold much
of Europe under the Camarilla's sway had little effect in
Spanish culture, much to the delight of the Cainites.

Then, in 1493, a Papal Bull granted Spain sovereignty
over most of the New World. In 1496, the Portuguese ceded
most of the rights to the New World over to the Spaniards in
the Treaty of Tordesillas, in exchange for uncontested rights

tosail around Africa. The Portuguese did not believe the New
World would proveas valuable as shorter trade routes to Asia.
Thus, without even trying, the Sabbat had seemingly undis-
puted mastery over the New World domains.

Unfortunately, Spain's almost unprecedented power in
the New World also meant that the Lasombra considered
these domains almost entirely theirs. Spanish ships bound
across the Atlantic landed in Cuba or Hispaniola (now Haiti
andthe Dominican Republic), whilesettlershad tocomplete
a five-year residency on these islands before they could
venture anywhere. This stable population base attracted the
Lasombra first; a handful of Lasombra had made havens in
Hispaniola as early as 1503, when 2,500 settlers joined the
already existing 1,200settlersand their fast dwindling Tainos
slaves. In a fit of territorial pique, they destroyed any non-
Lasombra found trying to sneak into the New World, even
putting fellow Sabbat to Final Death in some instances.

The Tzimisce were furious with the Lasombra, who
claimed first right to explore New Spain and establish
their domains. The Tzimisce and antitribu clans did not set
foot in Mexico until 1519 because of this, a situation that
nearly precipitated a civil war. The Lasombra eventually
acquiesced and allowed other Cainites into the New
World. This decision was largely forced upon them, how-
ever, because of unforseen circumstances in the form of
the Aztecs' "Methuselahs."

QuetrzALcoatt's RETURN

You will find no street in Mexico City named after
Herman Cortés. He was a butcher and a liar who destroyed
the mortal empire so dear to the Mexican identity. He even
disobeyed Cuba's Governor, mounting a secret expedition
to Mexico for personal fortune and glory. It was only felling
the Aztec Empire that turned him from traitor to hero.

Good fortune was Hern Cortés's mistress. His conquest
of the Aztecs came about only because he allied himself with
theirenemies and convinced the punitive fleet of 19 shipssent
to capture him to join his cause. More so, however, Cortés
succeeded because he and his men unknowingly wielded a
catastrophic weapon: smallpox. It ran rampant through the
Aztec and Indian populations, devastating them from within.

The leader of the Aztecs, Motecuhzoma Il, also failed
tohandle the situation properly, anotherexample of Cortés's
luck. It didn't take him long to realize that Cortés was not
Quetzalcoatl, but regardless of that realization, he failed to
unite his people and properly to repel the Spaniards. In-
stead, Cortés remained an Aztec guest for an extended
period of time before they finally rose against him. When he
later returned, he came with reinforcements and besieged
the city for over two months before it finally fell to him.

Cortés's expedition included two Lasombra: a
thaumaturge by the name of Beatrice Alverdo anda chroni-
cler named Juan Guzman. Cuba's Lasombra were intensely
interested in Mexico following reports from the first Span-
iards that encountered Motecuhzoma II's envoys, so they
sent the scholars with Cortés's ships. While the conguista-
dors met with the Totonac Indians (enemies of the Aztecs),
Alverdo and Gueman received a delegation from the local
cult of Quetzalcoatl. It included a shaman who, sensing the
Cainities, believed Alverdo and Guzman to be the
expedition's true masters. He told them of Tenochtitlén's
blood gods, including Huitzilopochtli and Tezcatlipoca.

Alverdo recognized the similarities between
Tezcatlipoca and the Lasombra. She used a ritual to send
a message back to her sire in Cuba, telling of "the Aztecs'
Methuselahs." Because of this, Alverdo and Guzman re-
fused to venture into Tenochtitlén and waited at Cortés's
garrison in Veracruz for reinforcements.

Back in Cuba, the Lasombraknew they couldnothandle
this problem alone. If Tezcatlipoca was Lasombra, he was of
the old clan before the Anarch Revolt. The descriptions of
Huitzilopochtlialso cast him as Tzimisce or Nosferatu, mean-
ingthe Lasombra were outmatched. The clan neededalliesin
the New World, if only to help conquer it, so they sent
messages to the other Sabbat clans asking for aid.

While the Lasombra communicated their wishes to
Spain almost immediately, thanks to the thaumaturges
among them, it took four months before the first mixed pack
of Tzimisce and both Nosferatu and Brujah antitvibu landed
in Cuba, with another two months to reach Veracruz.
When they finally arrived at Tenochtitlén with Alverdo
and Guzman in tow, Cortés had already besieged the city.

HulI?TZILOpOCHTLI

VERSUS QueTZALCOATL

Thepack, nowcallingitselfNignm Tristeor BlackSorrow,
snuck into Tenochtitlan weeks before its fall. Theconquistadors
had cut off fresh water to the city, turning the local reservoirs
stagnant and fetid. This in turn weakened Tlaloc, who chose
to conserve his strength for the final assault.

‘Mexco Cry By Nicat

16

Huitzilopochtli was still immense, but substantially
weakened from hunger. His herd was starving or dying of
smallpox, thinning the potency of their vitae. Toci had
apparently fled, but by far the deadliest opponent re-
mained Tezcatlipoca who thrived on the suffering.

till, despite their information-gatheringattempts, the
pack could not determine the nature of their opposition
Huitzilopochtli and Tezcatlipoca were certainly undead,
but ofa sort the pack had never encountered. Tezcatlipoca
seemed Lasombra, but his command of shadows was unprec-
edented. His temple consisted of solid shadow artifacts and
doors, and his victims hung from pulsating shadow arteries
that siphoned their blood directly to the would-be god.
captured priest even said the interior was so dark that
Tezcatlipoca could "resist the sun's hold over him," appar
ently remaining awake throughout the day.

Nigrum Triste decided the best option was to attack
these beings when the conquistadors and their alli
tered the city. The pack needed the confusion to weaken
and distract their opposition.

Itdidn't take Cortés long to force Tenochtitlén into
submission. In the following week, the Spaniards and their
allies ransacked the city, slaughtering two-thirds of its
00 inhabitants. Likewise, the pack used ghouls to set
Huitzilopochtli's temple ablaze during the day; Tlaloc,
now reconnected with fresh water supplies after Cortés
al aqueducts, summoned a rain shower to

douse the blaze and flood the city, thus allowing him to
escape into the lake, where he vanished. The fire hurt
Huitzilopochtli enough to send him into torpor, however,
leaving the leviathan Cainite at the mercy of Nigrum
Triste. The pack claims it took them four whole nights just
to stake and diablerize the so-called hummingbird god.
Despite this, they never uncovered his nature
Tezcatlipoca was not as easy to destroy. When the stench
from therottingcorpsesproved too great, the Spaniardsand the
Indians withdrew from Tenochtitlin while they planned their
nextstep. Nigam Triste remained behind to hunt Tezcatlipoca
in the city's abandoned streets and homes, but the creature
proved too cunning for even their combined skills, One by one
theyperished, finally leaving Alverdo to reporttohersire, "The
. send better help next time."
ollowing the message, Alverdo vanished and has
never been found.

Mexico City

As told by Lady Cortanos, Fiend of the Hollow Bone

The Lasombra, haughty bastards as ever, committed a
fatal and almost unforgivable error in the years following
Tenochtitln'sfalland the building of Mexico City (named
after the Mexicas, one of several names pertaining to the
Aztecs) over itsruins. They refused to sacrifice any Cainites
from Cuba and Hispaniola for fear of weakening their

game is done.

Charmer One: Scr oF Boon

7

precious position there. Instead, they waited for reinforce-
ments to trickle in from Spain, a prospect often eight
months or more in the making.

The Lasombra had the arrogance to claim they were
sharing their resources, The truth is that Tezcatlipoca
frightened them, and they needed help destroying him.
While the Lasombra waited for new packs, the conquistadors
built Mexico City free from our influence. When Cainites
finally arrived at Veracruz and made the two-week journey
inland, itwas that much harder to insinuate themselvesand
digTezcatlipoca out from his hole. This situation continued
fordecades, with Tezcatlipoca claiming ournumbersslowly.
He flitted in and out from the shadows with ease, dragging
victims back into the darkness.

Ie was a difficult time and one of much anger and
dissatisfaction. We Tzimisce were impressed by what we'd
heard of the Aztecs, and were curious as to their customs
andmagics. By delaying our arrival, however, the Lasombra
ensured we could not possess a strong power base from
which to draw allies. Smallpox, the pollution of vital
waterwaysand the harsh repartimiento (forced labor system
imposed on "infidels") devastated the Indians, culling
their population by 90 percent in over a century. They lost
their lands to cattle and their customs to the missionaries.

The Lasombra refused to Embrace Indians, and
instead strengthened their ties to the New World
through the Church and the steady influx of Spanish
émigrés. It was we Tzimisce, the Gangrel and Nosferatu
antitribu who fostered alliances with the Aztecs and
other tribes. It was we who Embraced Aztec priests and
taught them of our blood and flesh ways. In turn, Aztec
Fiends refined the Sabbat's existing blood rites into the
Vaulderie; it was they who initiated the Blood Feasts in
honor of Flower War banquets, and they who created
such rituals as the Blood Rush, Eyes of the Night Hawk
and Mirror of Second Sight.

Naturally, the Lasombra were resentful ofour growing
influence in the New World, and instead convinced
mortals within the Church to move Indians tocongregaciéns
or Church-run communities and neighborhoods to "pro-
tect them from tyrannical conquistador land owners."
Ironically, both Indians and hacienda owners ingratiated
themselves to the Church by bequeathing their lands
upon death to local clergy. The Church became the largest
landholder in this so-called New Spain, which in turn
benefited the Lasombra, who took some prize properties
for themselves.

By hampering the Indians, the Lasombra could also
restrict our access to them and thus our power base. The
Church educated Indian children, who then betrayed
their parents by leading Catholic priests to hidden shrines
dedicated to the ancient gods. We tried keeping Aztec
practices vital if only to establish our own cults among the
Indians, but the Lasombra brokered no threats to their
Catholic institution. This struggle continued over the
decades. Fortunately for us, the Lasombra had greater
concerns that required their attention.

Goin & SILveR

The first of the Lasombra's tribulations came in 1540
with the discovery of silver north of Mexico City. With
most of Europe's precious metals bound for Asia, New
Spain became the world's foremost supplier of silver,
doubling Europe'sstores. One-fifth of the newfound wealth
was set aside for the Spanish crown, greatly increasing the
wealth and power of the Spanish throne. This newfound
opportunity also had the effect of significantly increasing
traffic to the New World, as men and women searched for
new chances to gain wealth and power.

Ships arrived from many different ports in Spain. With
the huge influx of people, immigrants were no longer required
to stay in Cuba and Hispaniola for five years. Suddenly the
Lasombra couldn't monitor the majority of Spanish traffic
bound for New Spain, except at the terminus point in
Veracruz, Even then, it was chaos. The annual fleet from the
Seville, for example, numbered 100 ships with several galle-
ons protecting the shipments from pirates. Naturally, the
Sabbat managed to send more of its members into the New
World aboard these massive fleets, as did the Camarilla.

With the huge silver trade, the Spanish crown sent
auditors and men of finance and law into New Spain. The
Camarilla took advantage of the situation and cemented
a small presence in Mexico City through these litrados
(lawyers) and members of the powerful Mesta (the
cattlemen's association who owned land). This foothold
would haunt the Sabbat in the centuries to come.

THe OLp Gops

Although subjugated by Catholicism, many Indians
worshiped their ancient gods secretly. The Church tried
disrupting the practice by converting children to play their
eager spies, but we Tzimisce and several Nosferatu antitribu
kept the oldcultsalive by assuming the visages of their deities.
Only the worship of Tlaloc and Tezcatlipoca remained free of
our intervention, primarily because these two beings still
made their presence felt throughout the valley.

Tlaloc eventually vanished, presumably destroyed
during the Great Flood of 1629. Before then, he appeared
on occasion, using his sorcery to capture Cainites who
ventured into the water. Although drowning was never a
threat we feared, Tlaloc kept his captives trapped under-
water until sunrise before forcing them to the surfac

We knew Tlaloc was growing stronger and tried repeat-
edly to destroy him, without success. The valley was a basin
with no natural drainage system: Deforestation eroded the
soil and built a layer of silt on the lake bed, causing it to rise
and worsening the floods. Tlaloc thrived in this situation, for
all Mexico Valley was becoming his pool. Finally, a wet
summer in 1629 saturated the valley floor, followed by a
torrential shower in September that lasted 36 hours. The
mountains funneled the rain into the valley, flooding Mexico
City beneath six feet of water. Itremained submerged for five
years, killing 30,000 Indians and driving out the Spaniards.

Those Cainites without ghouls or revenants lay buried
beneath the water, unaware of the danger until too late.

‘Mexico Cry By Nica

18

Many, unable to budge the thick layer of mountain silt and
waterblocking their cryptsand havens, fll into murky torpor
(we couldnotfindmostofourlost, includingthe archbishop).
We were ready to abandon the city as the mortals had done.
The thaumaturges and sorcerers among us, however, sensed
powerful magic at work, and believed the storm was Tlaloc'
doing. Although we were scattered and diminished, a Torea-
dorantitribu by the name ofMelinda Galbraith —aname well
know to our Brothers and Sisters — organized the stragglers
and forced usto remain behind and contend with Tlaloc. The
threat he posed was too powerful to ignore.

Fortunately, with the city mostly abandoned, we
hunted openly across rooftops. Ourkoldun brethren led the
charge, wielding their control over water and earth. For a
year we hunted Tlaloc, before finally trapping him behind
an earthen dam and mixing his essence with earth. We
coagulated his muddy residue into a hardened clay and
shattered it to bits before committing the remains to the
flame. That was the last we saw of Tlaloc.

Tezcatlipoca proved more difficult, especially for the
Lasombra who discovered that this would-be deity could
sometimes manifest through Obtenebration and turn their
Discipline against them. Finally, on August 23, 1691,
following massive flooding, crop ruin and near starvation,

an eclipse blotted out the sun. The Lasombra all awoke for
that brief moment to face a cacophony of laughter from the

shadows. Before they could act, shadow tendrils shot out
from the darkness, impaling many Lasombra in their
scattered crypts; when the eclipse waned, everyone fell
back into troubled slumber. In the end, three perished
from the assault. The ones who survived bled a black
humor from their wounds for the next few nights. The
Tremere antitribu believed the ichor was somehow tied to
Tezcatlipoca and collected several samples.

Afterward, Goriatrixand the Tremere antitribu claimed
they had destroyed Tezcatlipoca using the ichor as a link
ina ritual reminiscent of Cauldron of Blood. There were
many doubts, as they had no evidence to show for their
efforts. Despite this troubling lack ofevidence, Tezcatlipoc
never reappeared after the eclipse.

Unfortunately, following the recent disappearance of
the Tremere antitribu, several Cainites of dubious wisdom
raided their missing brothers' and sisters' havens. One
grave robber claims to possess a sealed urn etched with
protective rituals. Reputedly the urn bears the name
"Tezeatlipoca." I loathe to think of this as anything but a
prank in the poorest taste.

CASTE FRICTION

The Spaniards believed it their right to make slaves of
infidels, but their introduction of new diseases thinned
their potential Indian labor force significantly. Then in
1540, the Spanish crown abolished Indian slavery, though
the practice continued as a form of criminal punishment.
Instead, New Spain relied on African slaves, who num-
bered 60,000 by the end of the fifteenth century and
150,000 blacks and mulattos by 1650.

The Lasombra refused to Embrace slavesand "common,
laborers," and fully supported the notion of limpieza de
sangre, or purity of blood. Among mortals, this doctrine
demanded that any Spaniard applying for secular or clerical
officesprovide documents proving themselves free of Jewish
ot Moorish blood. The Lasombra took that practice a step
furtherand only Embraced (in private Creation Rites) orfed
from gachupines (recent arrivals from Spain who could prove
their lineages more easily). They all but ignored the creoles,
those of Spanish extraction born in Mexico.

The gachupines grew in strength and prestige because
they supposedly remained untainted by exposure to the
inferior Indian culture and climate, and were thus more
"white" than creoles. The drawback was that the children
of gachupines born in New Spain were now "tainted,"
becoming themselves creole, and less likely to secure im-
portant positions than a newly arrived Spaniard with few
contacts, The Lasombra were equally guilty of this prac-
tice, preferring to draw their blood and childer from purer
European stock like the gachupines.

Indoingso, the Lasombra limited their feedingbase, while
we strengthened ours by cementing ties with the so-called
inferior castes and creoles. This included the mestizo (children
of white and Indian unions), mulattos (white and black),
zambo (Indian and black), morisco (white and mulatto), and
castizo (mestizo and white unions). This was not to say we
didn't have to fight for these mortal "resources," though.

When Spain annexed Portugal in the 17th century,
they inherited her massive slave trade and her accompany:
ingSetite and Giovannislave merchants. With the decrease
in Indian workers, colonists willingly paid for the more
expensive African slaves, thus providing the Setites and
Giovanni with both steady income and eyes and ears into
most haciendas. Then, when Indians realized Africans
were more resistant to the European diseases and bred with
them to protect their future offspring, the Giovanni Setites
gained valuable inroads with these mortal communities as
well. One Setite even owned several pulquerias, or taverns
that catered to Indians and blacks mostly.

Already beleaguered by the Lasombra's attempt to
impede our power in New Spain, we did not tolerate the
interference of outsiders. We fought the Setites' blighted
influences over several decades, trying to destroy them.
You can imagine our surprise when the Snakes suggested
a temporary alliance. They knew tensions between the
Lasombra and Tzimisce were rising, but they believed the
Lasombra would eventually lose their hold in mortal
affairs. The gachupines may have been in power, but the
creoles were slowly gaining supporters and positions of
strength in the Church and government. Already by 1624,
the creoles had helped oust Mexico City's viceroy through
a show of force, and the new viceroy, Juan de Palafox,
opened many bureaucratic and military posts formally
available only to gachupines. Eventually, the Setites ar-
gued, even the slaves would rise up against gachupines, for
no people ever remained subjugated forever. Already one
slave riot in 1611 and another in 1691 proved that these

Caartex One: Scret oF Boon

19

"inferior" people would win their freedom or die in the
struggle. Our support of the creoles, Indians, blacks and all
their varied children would eventually see us equal to the
Lasombra, whose powers waned even now.

In exchange for ignoring the Setites, the snakes offered
us an annual tribute of 100 choice slaves for our Creation
Rites and Blood Feasts. In a city fast swelling with Cainites,
where disease and disaster was already driving the indig-
enous populations into extinction through attrition (and
thus affecting our ability to feed), the opportunity was
unparalleled. We agreed, unknowingly cementing the ini-
tial ties that would later encourage a branch of Setites called
the Serpents of the Light to break from their clan.

CAMARILLA

ASCENDANT

Astold by Calderén Diego, Ductus of Pepenadores Scavengers

The fact the Camarilla once seized power in Mexico
City is to our great shame. They fought their war on
multiple battlefields, several of which we never saw until
too late. And they maneuvered their pieces over the span
of a century like patient little spiders.

TheCamarilla initially established footholds in Mexico
City through ghouls in the silver trade and auditors parti-
tioning the profit yields. The Spanish still distrusted
finance at this time, leaving only a handful of experts
whom the Camarilla could approach and manipulate.
Kindred then offered patronage to or made ghouls of many
litrados or lawyers emerging in the colonies. We were blind
to their cunning, and they played their assets masterfully.

When Indian slavery was abolished, many Indians tried
reclaiming their ancestral lands from the Church and land-
owners. Infact, he Indiansourpaced the Spaniardsforlitigations.
Those who already possessed some property paid the lawyers
with their estates in the hopes of greater retums through the
courts. More often than not, the Indians lost property to the
lawyers, who in tum sold the land to their "Kindred" masters.

The Camarilla used these properties to eam steady in-
comes (through agriculture and leasing) and support the rise of
several merchant dynasties. You see, Spain feared Mexico, if
only because of its massive ilveroperationsand the huge profits
fillingthecoffersoflocals. To ensure that they would keep their
cash cow docile, Spain maintained a stranglehold over the
colony bypreventingthe creation of any industries within New
Spain that competed with luxury items arriving from the
mother country. Most of Mexico's wealth went into high taxes
and buying these luxury goods, thus supporting Spain's indus-
tries. The Camarilla realized this and used their properties to
sponsorcreole merchant familiesin Mexico City. Afteracouple
of generations of patronage, these merchant dynasties became
filthy rich on trade.

By this time, most ofthe surface silver mining operations
were tapped out, causing silver yields to drop substantially.
Only the truly rich families could afford investing the re-

quired capital in deeper mining ventures. Being creole was no
deterrent either; these families allowed their daughters to
marry recently arrived and wealthy gachupines, who in turn
cut through the red tape prohibiting creoles from gaining too
much power and influence at the time.

After these families made fortunes in silver, they
bought more real estate and grew richer through agricul-
ture (certainly not as lucrative as silver mining, but it was
asmaller risk venture with guaranteed steady profit). With
their assets, they then lent money to farmers against future
harvests, but ata fixed price, thus dictating market values
for crops. The lesson in all this? Control the market forces
instead of falling to their mercy.

Outside the colony, the Camarilla attacked the
Lasombra's power structure in Spain through equally insidi-
ous techniques. Put simply, the Spanish monarchy relied on
Mexico's silver to finance campaigns and purchase goods.
Unfortunately Spain squandered her riches foolishly and
lost several major battles against rival nations, including her
vaunted Spanish Armada to the English. Even worse at
home, the influx of silver raised inflation by 400 percent,
because silver drove consumer costs up.

Additionally, the Seville fleet sailed only once a year;
Spain had to borrow merchandise from Britain and France,
and money from banking states like Genoa, all against
their projected shipments. The Camarilla used this to its
advantage by encouraging its allies to lend Spain as much
money and merchandise as possible, so when the silver
shipment finally arrived, little to none of it remained in
Spain's coffers — it was all bound for the moneylenders.
The Camarilla then sent its agents to collectany outstand-
ing debts with offers of trade. If someone important could
not pay adebtin cash, they could repay it in services, favors
and even deeds to seaworthy vessels. With little warning,
the Camarilla accrued enough boons to maintain strong
influence in both sides of the silver trade. Spain was merely
a channel for European interests.

The final blow came with the death of Spain's Habsburg
dynasty. The ineffectual Charles II failed to sire any heirs,
so he named Philip of Anjou, grandson to French Bourbon
King Louis XIV, his successor. England was determined to
prevent France from acquiring Spain's holdings and so
declared war, instigating the War of Spanish Succession
that lasted for 13 years. Behind the scenes, the English
Ventrue were determined to prevent the "Toreador fops"
from gaining more power in the New World. Unfortu-
nately, we were in no position to take advantage of the
situation. The First Sabbat Civil War had yet to manifest,
but forall intents and purposes, we were already bickering.

SABBAT SUNDERED

Following the War of Spanish Succession with France
retaining Spain and its holdings, the Camarilla slipped into
power in Mexico City on the coattails of the Bourbon ruler
Charles III. The Sabbat recognized the Camarilla threat in
Mexico City and elsewhere, but we could rarely agree on a

‘Manco Cry By Nest

20

Pureue

In pre-Colombian times, the Indians learned to
ferment cactus sap intoa green alcoholic drink called
pulque, which has the viscosity of spittle and a shot of
every vitamin and mineral imaginable. The drink was
so potent that the Aztec priests gave it their victims
to prepare them for sacrifice. Many. chilango Sabbat
still partake of pulque, but only after inebriating
mortals to toxic levels with the liquor and draining
them. One pack of mestizos skilled in Thaumaturgy
actually impales victims on the cactus's long needle.
They then gather a mixture of the bloody sap and use
thaumaturgy to ferment the concoction into some-
thing palatable for Cainites. The mixture doesn't
offerany "nutritional" value and the Cainites eventu-
ally vomit it up, but it still produces euphoric effects.

common goal. We collided with increasing frequency for
North American resources. In Mexico City, that meant the
Trimisce and Lasombra struggled over many issues.

The first was position in the Church. Creole priests
were tising to the fore, though only gachupine priests
attained the upper echelons. The Lasombra tried keeping
the creoles "in their place" while the Tzimisce and other
antitribu clansattempted to force the Lasombra out of their
monopoly by toppeling the gachupines in power. The
struggle for "racial purity" eventually divided the Church
between the regular clergy who belonged to the monastic
orders and the "secular clergy" who served the bishops.

The ruling crown played upon this schism, hoping to
divide the Church and prevent it from gaining more
power. Meanwhile, we aggravated the situation by nip-
ping away at the Lasombra's mortal infrastructures.
Truthfully, though, we acted like children, corrupting
priests by encouraging vice or inspiring creole padres to
seize control of parishes. The Lasombra in turn sent
gachupfne clerics into a frenzy and turned them against the
"upstart creoles." Several battles between armed priests
occurred throughout the 1700s, forcing the intervention
ofthe Royal Army. Unfortunately, when the war of pawns
finally degenerated into skirmishes between the packs, the
Sabbat could no longer contend with the Camarilla vul-
tures circling over our heads.

The final blow came in 1767.

Charles III used the secular priests to spy on their
monastic brethren, and received reports of widespread
debauchery and immoral behavior. Finally, Charles III
expelled the Jesuit order from Spain and all overseas
territories, setting off riots among Mexico City's poor.
While he claimed the Jesuits were plotting against him, it

s likelier the crown sought the order's impressive hold-
ings and assets for themselves.

The move stunned the Sabbat, but the Lasombra mortal
infrastructure in Mexico City nearly collapsed with the loss
of its preeminent order. All the land and riches accrued

through the once-largest landowners in New Spain suddenly
evaporated. The Lasombra blamed the Tzimisce for thisstate
of affairs, even suggesting collusion with the Camarilla. The
Tzimisce responding by attacking Lasombra and openly
calling for all fiends to take that which the Lasombra had
"denied them." Already stretched to the breaking point by
thinning resources and frustrated by their lack of success
against the Camarilla, the various packs directed their anger
against their own brothers and sisters. It was war.

EBBAND RISe

‘That the Camarilla could not hold power in New Spain
was more a testament to mortal ineptitude and circumstance
than our cunning. The Sabbat, however, is never one to
ignore opportunity. By 1785, matters were at their worst for
our sect. The fighting claimed many Cainite unlives need-
lessly and invalidated what little progress we had made in the
New World. Then an eatly frost in August destroyed most
crops in the Valley of Mexico, precipitating a famine that
claimed 300,000 mortals. Our fight for resources became a
desperatestruggle forsurvival,and the Civil War degenerated
into packs protecting what little blood remained.

Fortunately, the Camarilla suffered more than we did.
Their vaunted landowners were losing prestige to a new
military elite, and the cycle of frost followed by various calami-
ties ruined several estates. The soft "Kindred" could affect
market forces, but they could not control the weather. The
Camarilla also fought for vitae, with few willing to feed off the
common Indian and minority rabble. Those who did, like the
Nosferatu and Gangrel, found us waiting in the shadows.
Initially we destroyed these Kindred, but more came, this time
hoping to join us. This lot had tired of the petty Jyhads that
netted them nothing but misfortune. We accepted the stron-
gest among them and feasted upon the weak.

The Camarilla's power over New Spain and the im-
provement in our fortune coincided with Charles III's death
in 1788. His successor, Charles IV, foolishly declared war
against France for executing Louis XVI, but Spain lost and
fell under Napoleonic rule. The demand for tribute from
Mexico rose to such ridiculous levels that the crown then
decreed the Consolidation of Ecclesiastic Funds. The Church
had to turn over all properties and outstanding loans owed
by colonists to the Royal Treasury. Suddenly, where the
Church was willing to forego loan payments from. the
colonists, the crown demanded sudden restitution. With
the exception of the very rich, this bankrupted many.

The local Camarilla watched their investments and
riches siphoned away by mortal institutionsin France.Slowly,
they pulled out of the colonies following Spain's declaration
of war in 1793, leaving behind neonate scapegoats and
lackeys. They knew little good would come of the following
decades and left behind Kindred whom they could blame for
the failure. At the same time, our Civil War was ending, one
pack at a time. When we realized the Camarilla was losing
strength in New Spain, we also realized they had cemented
their position in the remainder of North America. Their

‘Guasren One: Scr oF Boop

21

success was ourshame, but we had the opportunity toseize the
largest settlement in the New World, Mexico City.

SABBAT ASCENDANT

Astold byex-Templar Letradis, Pack Priest of Guadalupe Roja

Emerging from our first Civil War, we were resolute in
our goals and settled our differences through the Purchase
Pact of 1803. Regent Gorchist of Europe journeyed to Mexico
City, where notables Cardinal Bistri, Priscus Czernzy, Arch-
bishop Marquez and Bishop Montaigne gathered. We
recognized the implications: While once Europe was our
home and benchmark of the Sabbat's success and failure, our
goals now rested on our ventures in North America. Already
the infant United States had thrown off British rule, and we
believed Spain would follow suit if Charles IV continued
alienating New Spain. The crown's annual levy against the
colony was seven times that ofa century ago, and ithungered
for more. The colonies would endure it no longer.

More than just a declaration of our intention to take the
New World, the Purchase Pact signified that as the largest
settlement in North Americaywhen Mexico City fell to the
Sabbatit wouldbecome ourcapitalandblack heart. The regent
even discussed moving his haven here, and honored Arch-
bishop Galbraith by bringing her into his consistory. The
promise of victory was heady indeed. If it was victory we
wanted, however, we had to move swiftly. The Consolidation
of Ecclesiastic Funds had already enraged the colonists, and we
quickly searched for those currents of dissatisfaction among
mortal society. We found iteasily enough... itwaseverywhere

The kine bristled over the consolidation decree, and
were further incensed when they discovered that Spain's
first minister, Godoy, had surrendered their wealth to
Napoleon. Swift upon that insult's heels was France's
invasion of Spain. A junta government formed in Seville,
and the white colonists debated their next course of
action. The gachupines still retained most of the political
power and demanded the colony join with the Seville
resistance until France withdrew from Spain. Naturally,
the creoles opposed this view and convinced Mexico City's
viceroy, Iturrigaray, to support neither the French puppet
rulers in Spain nor the junta in Seville. Iturrigaray then
rescinded the consolidation decree, but the gachupines,
fearing the formation of a new creole-controlled govern-
ment, captured the viceroy in a quiet coup. They named
army officer Pedro de Garibay acting viceroy. Garibay in
turn announced New Spain's support of the junta forces.

Working together for perhaps the first time since hunt-
ing the Aztecs' last gods, we used our mortal contacts for the

ELEVATOR PARTY
Ever hear of an elevator party? It's simple, We
invade the basement of a building and hotwire the
elevator. So whenever the elevator picks up a passen-
ger, it brings them right down to our basement party no
matter what button they pushed. Voila, free delivery.

‘Mexco Cay By Nicat
2

(2S) IMIG ES LD a) PINS LTODUOS EDLC) Oo fes(ONE8

GOW)

DE DE

benefit of the Sabbat rather than for our own glory. The
Lasombra warned us the gachupines would probably seize
power themselves, and instead advocated supporting the
revolutionaries in the countryside. The Tzimisce and Brujah,
Gangrel and Nosferatu antitribu agreed as well. The country-
side was a haven for creoles and Indians, many with little love
forthe gachupinesorthe crown. They were starving, they were
poor and they were angry. We also knew that the consolida-
tion decree alienated the lesser clergy from Spain, and that
most of the country clergy were creoles. Wedidn'texpect that
thefirstcry for freedom, however, would come fromapriest...
Father Miguel Hidalgo, to be exact.

La Revo.iucion

Father Hidalgo was creole with some Indian blood, and
he admired the Indian culture. His grievances with Spain are
toomany to discuss here, but they included centuries ofabuse
against the Indians and blacks, gachupfne domination and the
Spanish crown's treatment of the Church. Truthfully, we
didn't care, so longas Hidalgo lit the fuse. He did, uttering his
famous cry for revolt or grito in Dolores and claiming he was
fighting against the gachupfne's coup in Mexico City. Hidalgo
hoped to gain creole support, but the revolution swiftly
snowballed beyond his control when his Indian and caste
mob slaughtered gachupine and creole alike. The two factions
briefly united against this threat, and Hidalgo eventually died
at the hands of royalist troops.

Again, we didn't care. Hidalgo was a dreamer who
proved ineffective at controlling his unruly mob, but he
inspired others to revolt. When Father José Maria Morelos
revolted as well, Cainites numbered among his flock,
helping in the campaign of guerilla warfare. Morelos later
died as well, but more men and women took his place; the
seeds of revolution were blooming.

The creoles had supported the gachupines during
Hidalgo's and Morelos' campaigns because they feared the
Indians and cé well. When Spain finally achieved its
freedom in 1813 and Ferdinand returned to the throne,
however, he ordered the arrest of any creole who spoke of
independence too strongly. He also rescinded many of the
creoles' aristocratic rights through reforms — those same
creoles who supported his junta government. The gachupines
were naturally delighted, but the creoles were infuriated.
From the ranks of these disgruntled mortals rose Agustin
de Iturbide, a military officer and supporter of the Church.

Iturbide recruited soldiers who were unhappy with the
royal crown, eventually amassinga well-disciplined army larger

than Mexico City'sgarrison. The viceroy and Spanish emissary
had little choice but to recognize Mexico's independence in
the face of such adversity. The revolution to free Mexico from
Spanish control took 11 years, from Hidalgo's grito to Iturbide's
coronation as Agustin I, Mexico's first emperor.

Last STAND

The Camarilla Cainites who remained in Mexico City
were the young scapegoats left behind by their elders over a

decade ago. The Ivory Tower hadall but abandoned hope for
the remaining enclave, leaving them to the capricious fates.
If they survived this tumultuous time, their elders would
return and reclaim the city as though they themselves had
won the battle. If their childer lost, however, it was their fault.

Toreador Prince Parian knew we were preparing to
launch our own coup and instead preempted us masterfully.
She hired a retinue of Assamites and Nosferatu to infiltrate
Mexico City and eliminate as many Sabbat as they could
find. She then let slip rumors that she and the nascent
primogen were fleeing the city, knowing we would ambush
their escape. While Iturbide and his army marched on
Mexico City, five packs descended on a convoy that we
believed carried the cowardly Kindred. Instead the assassins
swept through our ranks like a scythe through wheat,
striking down our generals inasilent ballet of Assamite fury.

We were fortunate, however, for our plan to retake
the city had already drawn notables into our ranks like
Jalan-Aajav of the Black Hand and the paladin Vincent
Day. We were far from defenseless, but what we believed
was going to bea riotous massacre turned intoa protracted
battle through the night streets. Many of the Gifts of
Caine were our safeguards against the silent Assamites and
Nosferatu. The mortal herd suspected little of the nightly
battles save for the odd shift of shadows, the momentary
silence on certain streets, the sudden rush of mist that
vanished as soon as it appeared and the packs of wandering
mongrels who bore a discomforting resemblance to wolves.

The battle for Mexico City endured for two months
before Prince Parian exhausted her resources fighting us
and we caught up with her, draining her corpse. Her
lackeys followed suit shortly thereafter, but their deaths
were far less noble than their prince's quiet destruction.
The Tzimisce took Parian's skin and preserved it in honor
of the Kindred who faced destruction bravely. Her skin is
one of many displayed at our Blood Feasts.

THe MARCH OF TEARS

Mexico City was finally ours, and as Regent Gorchist
had promised, it was now our capital and rallying point.
Montreal would soon follow, and afterward, we believed,
the rest of the continent. Meanwhile, the next 50 years saw
the country decay socially, spiritually and economically,
and each slip entrenched us further. Military coup precipi-
tated military coup following 10 months of Agustin I's rule,
and Mexico City experienced 42 changes in government as
one general replaced the next. The disparity between rich
and poor increased greatly, creating anew underclass called
the leperos. The Nosferatuantitribu drew their numbers from
these sore infested, black-toothed beggars with the audacity
to steal into aristocratic compounds just to beg at their
windows. Inhovels called vecindades, entire familiesslepton
the concrete floor of one room, turning these poorly venti-
lated dens into deathtraps during epidemics.

The Camarilla mistakenly believes we reveled in these
conditions for the sake of mortal misery, but truthfully, they

Carrer One: Scxet oF Bion

B

THe CHurcH's Dower
The reason Mexico City's Church remained so
popular: for 60. long wee, bec ems tietlercest
landowner for centuries. To their credit, they allowed
the ssortolive cache nroneries onlin Sean
is why the poor almost always supported the Church in
conflicts and why Catholicisin remained strong:

simply served our purpose. People overlooked unexplained
deaths, and the poor rately trusted the police enough to
notify them of crimes. In fact, the capital maintained only
25 policemen and several dozen market guards. Three
hundred and fifty men also served as a paramilitary security
force, but they refused to patrol. We had free reign to act as
we pleased. The night belonged to the Cainites.

Theone mortal eventof interest in those yearsstemmed
from Antonio Lépez de Santa Anna. Santa Anna earned
notoriety for several incidents, including launching the
first military coup following Mexico's independence and
serving as Mexico's corrupt president 11 different times.
The Americans also know him best for the Alamo massa-
cre, which Santa Anna led in order to prevent Texas's
succession from Mexico. An American force later cap-
tured Santa Anna, forcing him to signa treaty that would
eventually earn Texas independence. That's also when
the rumblings of the Second Sabbat Civil War began.

THe HeRALps
OF Renewed DestRUCTION

The Mexican government refused to acknowledge
Texas's independence because Santa Anna had signed the
accord under duress. When the United States brought
Texas into its union, Mexico declared the action illegal and
declared war against its northern neighbor. Santa Anna, in
political exile after surrendering Texas, returned to lead an
army against the Americans. He stalemated them in north-
em Mexico, then retreated to Mexico City to cement its
defenses. After a dispute with another general over garrison
command, however, Santa Anna withdrew his army, allow-
ing the Americans to occupy Mexico City with ease.

Naturally, the Sabbat expected Camarilla scourges
and Assamite lapdogs to follow the American army. The
Camarilla, however, played at a different game. It had
little interest in Mexico City, given its battered infrastruc-
ture and the extent of corruption. Instead, when the
American settlement for the war sliced off and annexed
Mexico's northern half (the Southwest and California) for
a miserly $15 million, the Camarilla swept through those
territories and "pacified" them. They whittled at our
domains slowly, and as was typical, we reacted by accusing
each other of failure. The Lasombra and Tzimisce once
again drew their lines in the sand.

With the Camarilla gaining more ground throughout
the US,, the conflict galvanized packs to one camp or the
other (Tzimisce or Lasombra). Regent Gorchist enforced

peace in Mexico Cityand outlying areas through the Black
Hand, but when mortal violence rocked the capital or
regions, the packs used the bloodshed to disguise their own
battles. The war nearly escalated out of control when
mortal President-General Miguel Miramén's army fought
ex-President Judre7's forces for three bloody and brutal
years in the capital and territories. Many packs and Cainites
simply vanished in a puff of ash, but Gorchist maintained
an admittedly tenuous sense of order through force of will.
When the conflict repeatedly threatened to erupt into
wholesale violence, he pulled the Sabbat back from the
brink. Unfortunately, it wouldn't last.

THe MODERN SABBAT

As told by Lady Sonora, self-proclaimed Bride of Caine

Regent Gorchist's assassination came as a shock to us all.
He stood at the bridge's center, holding the Tzimisce and
Lasombra away from each other. When he fell, the bridge
collapsed with him and we fought each otheron the way down.

The catalyst for all this began after deposed mortal
President Judrez reclaimed his office through revolution.
Mexico's economy was such that even after the sale of
ecclesiastic lands to cover its crushing debt load, President
Judrez still declared a two-year moratorium on repaying
Mexico's creditors. The response from France, Britain and
Spain — the creditor nations —was immediate: invasion
The Mexican clergy and conservatives moved to save
their assets by suggesting a monarchy, one under the rule
of Maximilian, Archduke of Austria. In aseries of political
ploys to spare Mexico another war, the monarchists ap-
proached Napoleon III, since France was most in favor of
invading Mexico. The plan called for Napoleon's support
of Archduke Maximilian to represent France's interests in
Mexico. Napoleon agreed, if only to recapture France's
foothold in North America.

The initial invasion consisted of Spanish, British and
French troops with the understanding that they would fight
only to reclaim their debts. When it became clear France
intended to conquer Mexico, Spain and Britain withdrew
their support. Undeterred, Napoleon's army marched on
Mexico City, and despite yellow fever, guerilla snipers and
a route at Puebla, the French took el D.F.. Emperor
Maximilian followed shortly thereafter. This mortal snap-
shot is important because the Sabbat and Regent Gorchist
heard rumors that Camarilla Cainites from the Old World
had accompanied the French forces to reclaim Mexico City.

The United States was embroiled in a massive Civil
War, and both the Sabbat and the continental Camarilla
were too involved in that conflict to intercede. In the year
it took French forces to reach us, however, we entrenched
our positions in Mexico City, our local feud temporarily
forgotten. Then, on the eve of invasion, a Ravnos assassin
felled Regent Gorchist in a suicidal gambit. Chaos swept
through the city with several bishops trying to rally the
Sabbat behind them.

Moaco Crry By Nick

4

Hor Tamates

[fucking love the tragafuegos. These guys are fire-
eaters who perform their actat intersections for waiting
drivers. They take a swig of alcohol and use a torch to
spray out a fireball, or they jam a kerosene-lit stick
down their throat. [like to mind-fuck the occasional
tragafuego into walking up to waiting autos with open.
windows so he can blow a fire plume into the car.
Fucking hilarious.

Afterward, the truth surfaced. The rumors of Camarilla
scourges among the French were only that — rumors. The
Ravnos responsible for Gorchist's destruction turned out to be
antitribu. Itseemed the Camarilla was far more interested in the
‘American Civil War that netted them new territory. Accusa-
tions flew between the factions and with loyalties torn asunder
once more, the local Sabbat fell into chaos; the Second Sabbat
Civil War was now underway in bloody earnest.

THe DARK AGes

The Mexicans drove the invading French out after
only five years. Mexico City saw the rule of the great
Porfirio Diaz between 1876 and 1911. Despite the recov-
ery of the mortal Mexico, the Sabbat Civil War raged
unabated, sparing few in its violence. Several regents
appeared across the world, each claiming stewardship over
the Sabbat. Europe's Sabbat founders said its New World
brothers and sisters had failed the cause, so the Lasombra
suggested Archbishop Mongada for the role. Vladimir
Rustovitch reluctantly bore the Tzimisce's support. In
Detroit, Archbishop Pierson claimed regency for eight
nights before a pack drained him of his ambitions.

In Mexico City, Melinda Galbraith had risen to pre-
eminence in Gorchist's consistory. They, in turn, supported
her grab for the regency. Fortunately for her, Mexico City
was also enjoying Porfirio Diaz's rule, creating a period of
relative stability that helped cement her position.

Porfirio Diaz was an advocate of order and progress, two.
ideals he pursued with an iron fist and a skillfully hidden.
brutality against his country's poor. He decided to make
Mexico City an international showcase of modernity, advo-
cating reforms and changes to fit his vision. Electricity,
modern plumbingand the wide gamut of artsall made Mexico
City an attractive draw to tourists, while new railroads
crisscrossed the country. Torid Mexico City of herreputation
asa fetid Venice from all the floods, the government spon-
sored a massive project to build a canal and tunnel to pipe
excess water out of the valley. To combat rampantcrime, Diaz
created new policing forces calledrurales (Mexico'sanswer to
the Texas Rangers) and gendarmeria (Mexico City police
modeled after the French police).

The previous revolutions had created an army of
armed and disciplined peasants-turned-soldiers. Peace-
time saw these well trained and equipped soldiers return
home and embark on a life of crime to survive. Diaz
recruited these bandits for his police forces, and improved

their wages and hours to draw competent and educated
men into his service.

During this period, the Cainite conflict in Mexico City
proper also began to die down. Some heralded this as a
return to sanity. Melinda Galbraith, however, realized that
fighting in Mexico City was quieting down simply because
the gendarmerfawas proving effective. Atone policeman per
153 people in Mexico City, it was more difficult to fight
openly without bringing these well-armed and well-trained
forces to bear against us. Two packs discovered that fact in
a hail of gunfire that cut them to the quick.

While Diaz's reforms applied only to the heart of the
city, leaving the outlying and poorer districts to the mercy
of the Sabbat war, Regent Galbraith used the local respite
to reconcile the immediate packs slowly. Mexico City
became a tenuous neutral zone for the sect, a safe harbor in
a world where the Civil War threatened to drive us into
extinction. Our hoary Brothersand Sisters from Spain and
the Carpathians came to Mexico City to reconcile their
differences, and though such ventures failed more often
than not, it proved we still had a chance for survival.

Still, if Mexico City was the eye ofa hurricane, then the
true storm ripped through the countryside with devastating
results. In Tijuana, Veracruz and other Sabbat enclaves,
Cainite packs fought one another with the ferocity of wild
beasts. Cainites emerging from self-fulfilling mass Embraces
often never survived the night, and entire villages were
decimated when two large packs collided like tornadoes.

W WIAnND RECONCILIATION

I'm frankly surprised we survived the march into
WWI, much less the decades afterward. Diaz's reign ended
in a series of revolutions that strove to return Mexico's
lands to the poor instead of the aristocracy and foreign
investors. Francisco Madero, a politician with aspirations
of helping the downtrodden, usurped Diaz in a revolution
that barely touched Mexico City. His successor, General
Victoriano Huerta, seized power during a conflict called
the Decena Trgica or "Ten Tragic Days."

While pretending to serve Madero by quelling an
insurrection, Huerta laid waste to a radius of 20 city blocks
around the Zécalo, destroying hundreds of buildings under
cannon fire. Huerta later fled before the combined armies of
rebel leaders Carranza, Obreg6n, Pancho Villaand Emiliano
Zapata. In turn, the four revolutionaries betrayed each
other, resulting in a bloody dervish-dance of coups and
revolutions. Carranza and Obreg6n took power before Villa
and Zapata marched on Mexico City and occupied it. They
then withdrew when Carranza and Obregén regrouped and
retook the city. Both Villa and Zapata were later killed,
while Obreg6n eventually overthrew Carranza.

Over 2,000,000 mortals died in those conflicts.

Alll this mortal stupidity and thirst for power should
have ended Mexico City's position as a neutral zone for the
war-torn Sabbat. On several occasions, it did. Violence was
rampant and the revolution had spilled much blood

Gaarrtr Ont: Screr oF Bio

5

Galbraith tried using her typical charm to keep the allied
packs in line, buther efforts suffered setbacks when one pack
or another settled old grudges. Eventually Galbraith su
ceeded if only because of the skirmishes gripping the city

Huerta's actions during the Decena Trdgica crippled
several Mexico City packs in the fighting, forcing "or-
phaned" Cainites to seek shelter with Galbraith and her
allies. The trouble was that these battles mostly occurred
during daylight hours, when Cainites were most vulner-
able. We lost many Brothers and Sisters to random cannon
fire and blazes, but that wasn't the worst of it

To strengthen his army, Huerta drafted 1,000 men
into service a day through raids and forced conscriptions

His press gangs were most effective, however, at night
Peddlersand transients scattered for safety when nightfell,
which also restricted both our movement and ability to
feed. More than one Cainite encountered the press gangs,
and more than one young Lick was destroyed when he
tried fighting the mob of soldiers. With disease and warfare
culling the herd, blood became a valuable commodity
Suddenly, survival was a larger concern.

The disquieting truth was that we'd become bystanders
caught in the crossfire of mortal revolutions with nochoice but
to stand our ground. We had nowhere left to run. Europe was
fighting WWI and the Camarilla was using the Sabbat's
predicament to seize our domains. Galbraith knew a momen-
tous decision rested upon her shoulders. Already, she had

managed to ally the packs in and around Mexico City because
they needed mutual protection against the mortals. With news
that Mexico City had become neutral ground, many packsand
Cainites who survived the ruination of theirnorthem holdings
drifted south for guidance and support. Mexico City became a
rallying point for war-weary Cainites who had tired of fighting
one another. Galbraith naturally used this to her advantage by
"converting" supporters for her bid to stop the war.

When WWI with the last of
Mexico's revolutions as well. The Sabbat's internecine
fighting had cooled considerably, but the hostilities re-
mained. Ina show of force, Galbraith summoned the sect's

ended, it coincided

Nacuaes

Have youheard ofthese woolen dolls callednaguales?
They'tedemonic figures from Indian mythology with four
legs and an ugly human face, using demonic powers to
frighten bad children. Now, something is destroying lone
Cainites in their haven and leaving behind a naguale on
their ashes. I found one on my last victim and I can't get
ridofthedamn thing, Itkeeps turing up. I heard thesame
thing happened to the other Cainites before they were
destroyed, but I don't know who can help me. | did hear
aboutsome street vendor who sells the naguales to mortals,
but | haven't found him yet. Maybe if I twist his head off,
Pil get rid of this damn thing. I'm not sure though

Mexico Cry By Nice

26

stranking envoys to Mexico City. Galbraith, as
senior consistory member, now presented herself
as Regent of the Sabbat and demanded a cessation to all
hostilities among Cainites. The sect had lost much because
ofits Civil War, and the time for reconciliation wasat hand.
Of course, it helped that she made her ultimatum while
flanked by Seraphs Jalan-Aajav, Izhim Ur-Baal and the
newly appointed Elimelech the Twice-Damned. Protected
by these grim angels, Galbraith tolerated little argument
from the already weary Lasombra and Tzimisce, especially
since it was rumored she had secured the allegiance of
Mexico City's 12 most powerful packs.
It was over. The Second Civil War had grudgingly
ended, and Mexico City remained the Sabbat's bulwark
with Regent Galbraith at its head.

Epm_oGue

As told by Juancho, Ductus of the Knotted Rose

Yes, there was a Third Sabbat Civil War, but it was brief
and barely touched Mexico City. Instead, mortals came and
went in their rule over el D.F., sometimes rescuing her from
the malaise of Third World status and sometimes dragging
herback down. President Miguel Alemén, a champion of the
former, made Mexico City anational hub fortransportandan
industrial powerhouse. President Dfaz Ordaz brought the
Olympics in 1968. Ordaz, mind you, also quashed a series of
student revolts in the same year that eventually resulted in
the army opening fire on a crowd of approximately 10,000
protesters about to disband and go home. Armored vehicles
blocked their escape routes, however, and several hundred
people died in a hail of machinegun fire.

The Tlatelolco Massacre, as it is known, just proved
what we Sabbat knew all along. Regardless the reforms and
promises of equality and democracy, Mexico City will
remain tarnished and an authoritarian regime ruled by
duly elected dictators. The poor continue growing poorer
and the rich are measured in the five-finger percentages.
Crime is rampant and corruption a vocation. The Church
has lost and gained so much land and property over the
centuries that in a supposedly Catholic-dominated city,
faith holds little power here.

Why does the Sabbat love this city like no other? Not
because we celebrate evil for evil's sake, but because el
D.F. is electric, the closest thing to living we'll ever
experience. It's like sleeping near a live wire. Mortal blood
runs hotter here than anywhere else because chilangos are
the hardiest motherfuckers around. The American Wild
West was a clumsy onanism compared to the raw sex of the
revolutions. Mexicans know thisand revel in theirstrength
because they are chilangos. They've survived worse, just
like the Sabbat. That's why the Camarilla fears Mexico
City, and why they never tried retaking it. They know
Mexico City is just one big gathering of Sabbat members
waiting to be Embraced. The Camarilla knows we'll Em-
brace the whole city ifwe have to, and that scares them. As
long as Mexico City exists, we'll never fall.

ADDENDUM: EL TEMBLOR

About 250 miles west of Mexico City, in the Pacific
Ocean, the Cocos plate encountered a snag in the North
American plate and stuck briefly. When it overcame the
snag on September 19, 1985, it jolted forward over 10 feet.
In Mexico City, where the muddy sediments under the
city acted like Jell-o and magnified the effects, it registered
as an earthquake of 8.1 magnitude on the Richter scale.

This wasn't the work of "dark rapacious forces of the etermal
night." It was just an earthquake, albeit one of incredibly poor
timingthatstruckat 7:19 AM, acouple ofhoursafter we'dsettled
down inourhavensto rest. Given theseverity ofthe damage, the
quake could have done what the Camarilla failed to do in
ctippling the Sabbat. While violent, the quake mostly destroyed
buildings and structures within a 13-square-mile zone, which
accounts for two percent of Mexico City's surface area. Still,
many packs made their havens in the affected area.

Havens, many of them underground or in ancient
hovels, collapsed like houses of cards, burying entire packs
beneath rubble and dirt. The fortunate ones remained
buried until nightfall when they could awaken fully and
extricate themselves from the mess. The unfortunate ones
(estimated at 30 Brothers and Sisters) were exposed to
sunlight when the ground cracked open, when "good
Samaritans" pulled the "survivors" from the wreckage, or
when fires ripped through some of the structures.

The earthquake was natural, most Sabbat agree, but some
Cainites wonder why this was a "quiet" event. The quake
caught those capable of divining the future or sensing danger
completely off-guard. They didn't see it coming. Additionally,
after the quake occurred, a pack found an unearthed Toltec
burial chamber, while some mortals found gold jewelry dating
back to Aztec times. The Sabbat believes el Temblor, or the
great quake, disturbed the sediments of the former lake, push-
ing things best forgotten to the surface. If this is true, some
wonder if the ancient Cainites who once ruled Mexico Valley
might not be stirring from Torpor beneath the surface.

Most have forgotten those fears in the nearly 20 yearssince
the quake struck. Afterward, the government paved and built
overeverything. .. well, almosteverything. Fracture cracksstill
punctuate the shantytowns where nothing permanent was
ever built, and many forgotten flooded basements were simply
covered up after the quake. If el Temblor truly awoke ancient
beasts, the like of which ruledalongside orfought Huitzilopochtli,
then itis in these places where they will likely retum. Afterall,
given the impact the Aztecs still have on Mexico's identity, it's
hard to believe that something from our past isn't still fueling
those dreams. This is Mexico City, after all.

AutHors' Notes
Most of Mexico City's history as recounted here
deals with her distant past, particularly those events
pre-20th century. The reason is because Mexico City's
contemporary history is recounted in the sections with
more bearing and relevance upon roleplaying and
storytelling in the history of the supporting characters.

Ghiarrer Ove: Sct oF Bion

a


Two ranges of mountains run down the east and west
of Mexico. They cup a vast plateau between them, more
thanamile high. In the south, where the two ranges join,
the folded land encloses the broad Valley of Mexico. The
surroundinghillsand mountains trap the rain, and streams
run down from the mountains.

Water and fertile volcanic soil attracted settlers from
the greatest antiquity: Mexico City is only the latest
metropolis to dominate the region. The Toltec city of
Teotihuacén once ruled these parts. Centuries after its
fall, the Aztecs built Tenochtitlan not far from the older
city. The Spanish conquistadores destroyed Tenochtitlan,
but they too found its location a natural spot for an
imperial city. The Sabbat recognized the same compel-
ling logic. The new Ciudad de Mexico held the greatest
population of kine in the New World, and the greatest
concentration of power for the Sabbat to exploit.

Herman Cortés wrote that when hesaw Tenochtitlan,
he thought he had stepped into a fairy tale. He saw lush
gardens and a city many times larger than any in Spain,
apparently floating on the surface of a broad lake. He
found a land of flowers and gold.

Mexico City still holds many a gorgeous temple and
palace, and flower-decked boats still ply remnant water-
ways. Skyscrapers proclaim the wealth of international
corporations. Around the glories of empire, however,
miles of slums replace the farmlands of the Aztecs. Smoke
from factories, automobiles, burning garbage and the
wood and coal fires of the poor hovers cover the city in a
toxic, gray-brown cloud. A third ofall the trees in Mexico
City's parks and suburbs have died. On the worst days,
dead birds fall from the poisoned sky. Mexico City still
has good hours and days, when the rain or a fortunate
wind cleanses the air and the sky burns intensely blue —
but that sapphire sky is for mortal eyes, not for Cainites.

The city has grown larger than one can easily im:
ine. Population estimates range from 20 to 30 million
kine. Mexico's Federal District contains 16 boroughs,
called delegations. The city covers most of them, and
sprawls into 21 more municipios or counties of the sur-
rounding states. The delegations and municipios, in turn,
are divided into hundreds of colonias (neighborhoods)

Mexico City by Night lacks the space to describe all
the delegations and municipios, let alone the colonias

Guarrer Two: A Fiower Grownc Iv Poson

29

ADDRESSES:

The street names within a colonia often follow a
theme suchas flowers, European cities or government
ministries; for instance, Peony Street or Avenue of
the Rural Electrification Department. Streets gener-
ally change names when they cross to a new colonia,
while differentcolonias may use the same street names.
Because of this, an address in Mexico City generally
includes the colonia after the street name.

Instead we settle for even broader divisions, and sketches
ofa few neighborhoods that seem particularly important,
distinctive or useful for the Sabbat

As usual for the by Night supplements, we do not
guarantee absolute fidelity to the real world. No doubt
readers who live in Mexico City will discover many
amusing or infuriating differences from the city they
know. Some errors are unavoidable errors in research;
others are deliberate simplifications to make the city
easier for outsiders to understand.

This chapter gives a Cainit iew of the city
Mariano Pomposo, the Black Hand's census taker,
estimates that as many as 500 of the undead dwell in
Mexico City and gather in dozens of packs and fac-
tions. Storytellers can use this chapter as a starting

s-eye

point to design their own Sabbat packs and place them

in the world's largest city.

A SENSE OF DLACE

Shallow lakes used to cover much of the Valley of
Mexico. Over the centuries, the lakes silted full or were
drained, but a layer of waterlogged lake sediment still
underlies most of Mexico City. Drill nearly anywhere in
the city, and you can pump out the remnant waters

As the water table sinks, the loose subsoil compacts.
This causes a slow, perpetual subsidence that can tilt
buildings or break their foundations. That's why the
Angel of Independence sinks. What is more, any haven
dug too deeply may flood — which does not intrinsically
bother the undead but could damage possessions.

The soft, wet subsoil also magnifies the effect of
earthquakes. Hard rock resists bending, but the sedi-
ment layer heaves and ripples when the earth shakes.
The last great earthquake, in 1985, killed thousands of
people and destroyed many buildings. Some of them
were never repaired.

On a clear day, city residents can see a longer-
term threat to their city. To the east and southeast
tise the volcanic mountains of Ixtaccihuatl and
Popocatépetl. "Ixty" is dormant, but "Popo" often
puffs out clouds of ash.

Maxcio Cry By Nicat

30

Mexicans know that volcanoes can erupt anywhere,
anytime: In 1941, the brand-new volcano dubbed
Paricutin sprouted in a farmer's cornfield in nearby
Michoacan state. In a few years, Paricutin buried two
nearby villages. Mexico City's sprawling slums now ap-
proach the flanks of the two volcanoes. The city already
covers the lower slopes of Mt. Xictli, an extinct volcano
whose lava buried the pre-Columbian city of Cuicuilco.

The city's wiser Cainites know of the earth's treach-
ery, too. The 1985 earthquake collapsed the
underground havens of several packs as well as indi-
vidual Sabbat. Many could not dig themselves out
before they starved into torpor and were never res-
cued, It's not unreasonable to assume that workmen.
digging new subway tunnels or skyscraper foundations
may one night receive a nasty surprise...

CLIMATE

Mexico City enjoys a temperate climate. A tropical
latitude prevents extreme cold; a high altitude prevents
extreme heat. Daytime temperatures do not vary much
throughout the year from a 64-degree Fahrenheit average.
Nights occasionally drop below freezing in December and
January, but Mexico City never endures truly bitter, pro-
longed cold. The Sabbat appreciates the mild climate
because cold weather seldom clears the kine from the

night streets.

On average, Mexico City receives 26 inches of rain
per year. The rainy season extends from May or June to
September. Much of the rain comes in cloudbursts that
can recur at the same time of day for months. The sky
suddenly clouds over, rain pours down for about 15 min-
utesand the clouds dissipate with equal speed. Exceptionally

tough and daring vampires may actually use these daily 15-
minute periods of heavy overcast to move outdoors for
short distances — if they can stay awake.

The junior Priscus Efrain Sortano obtained his
position by observing this feature of the city's weather.
Priscus Liesl Geier took a profound dislike to Sortano
and, in front of two dozen witnesses, threatened to fight
him to the death if they ever met again. Sortano sought
her haven the next day. The quarter-hour of overcast
gave him time to run from a subway station to her
haven. They "fought to the death," but since Geier was
asleep, the fight was brief. He diablerized the priscus in
short order. The consistory accepted Sortano's sugges-
tion that he had proved himself more fit to be part of
that august body

Temperature inversions and the southern cup of moun-
tains trap wind and smog, giving Mexico City the worst air
pollution in the world. Four million cars spew exhaust into
the air, where it joins smoke from factories and household
fires. Columns of stinking, black smoke rise from the city's
dumps. The government forbade the burning of garbage,
but the city has run out of space for landfill. The poor do
not receive garbage collection anyway, soany garbage they
do not burn ends up in the street.

GeTTING THERE
(on GeTTING Out)

Even if a chronicle does not take place in Mexico
City, characters may want to visit or Sabbat characters
may wish to leave the city for a variety of reasons. Fortu-
nately, Mexico City is the transportation hub of Central
America, Characters can easily go to or from Mexico City
by road, rail or air

Road

Mexico's highway system converges on Mexico City.
As long as driving vampires stay close to other vehicles,
they run little chance of encountering Lupines or other
hostile supernatural creatures. A pack with a ghoul anda
bit of money can use a panel truck as a traveling haven.
Such trucks frequent Mexico's highways, so a mobile
haven attracts no attention in the cities.

Ratt

In the 1990s the Mexican government privatized the
country's extensive railroad system. The new railway
owners cut back on passenger service to concentrate on
cargo. Four train lines to Mexico City still offer "general
first-class service," but this merely consists of a reserved
reclining seat.

Sabbat of a certain age deeply miss the good old nights
of private rooms and berths. They could sleep through the
day and emerge at night to stalk the passengers as a test of
skill and discretion. A few very wealthy Sabbat keep
private cars for the ultimate in luxury travel. Most Cainites,
however, can travel Mexico's railways only by shipping
themselves as freight.

AIR

Mexico boasts several airlines. As with everything
else in Mexico, the nation's capital forms the hub. Most air
travel goes through Aeropuerto Internacional Benito Juarez
on the east side of the city. The airport used to be well
outside the city, but the suburbs and shantytowns swept
around it years ago.

AIBJ offers service comparable to any other North
American airport. Arriving passengers can obtain Mexi-
can pesos at their choice of banks, currency exchanges or
ATMs (locally called cajero automatico). The airport also
offers a parking garage, cell phone rental and the usual
overpriced souvenir shops.

A food court services the kine. Mexico City's
elders request that visiting Cainites not view the
masses of travelers as their own buffet. Dead bodies in
the airport attract government and media attention,
reduce tourism and provoke hostile inquiries from
other supernatural creatures.

Atravelercan go directly to Mexico City's subway system
from AIB], catch a bus, rent a car or hire a taxi. Counters
marked transportacién terrestre (ground transportation) sell

Caarrer Two: A Flower Growwnc In Poison

3I

tickets to the various districts of the city for state-
regulated taxis. Flocks of freelance taxi drivers called
piratas (pirates) and native guides also offer to help
visitors with their luggage, transportation, lodging and
entertainment. One particular young man keeps an eye
peeled for arriving undead: Feo Ramos, the one guide in
AIB] who can help a newly arrived Cainite with her
special needs. He can guide a visiting Cainite to almost
anyone ot anyplace in the city.

TRAVEL INTHE City

Once characters reach Mexico City, they can getaround
ina variety of ways. The city center and inner ring of suburbs
are well supplied with paved roads and mass transit. The outer
ring of shantytowns are not. Mexico City transportation
ranges from ultramoder subway trains to burros.

Car

Most chilangos do not drive; nevertheless, four million
cars clog Mexico City's streets. Roads in the capital range
from the Paseo de la Reforma, the city's main arterial, to
unpaved tracks in the shantytowns.

Driving in Mexico City requires strong nerves.
Capitalinos take a casual attitude to traffic safety. One-way
streets complicate navigation. Many major intersections
take the form of traffic circles, called glorietas, with cars

going both directions. An unwary driver can find himself
trapped in a glorieta for many minutes, circling around and
around while waiting for an opportunity to zip between
other vehicles and reach his exit.

In an attempt to limit the air pollution, the Hoy No

Circula (Today My Car Can't Circulate) law defines one
day a week in which acar cannot operate. The last number
or letter of the car's license plate determines when it
cannot circulate. The police impound a violator's vehicle
and assess a heavy fine. City residents circumvent the law
by owning two cars.

TAXI

The difficulties of operating a private vehicle make
taxis popular in Mexico City. Unmarked turismo sedans
wait outside major hotels and in tourist areas, hired by the
hour or the day. Sitio taxis operate out of stands and take
radio calls. Negotiating fares in advance saves arguments
later. Taxi drivers charge 10 percent more at night. On the
other hand, drivers do not expect tips unless they have to
help with luggage.

Many freelance cabbies belong to kidnapping and
extortion rings. They drive customers to ATMs and force
them at gunpoint or knifepoint to withdraw as much
money as the bank allows. Victims may be held until after
midnight, so the robber can force the victim to withdraw
to their limit again. Only about one in 10 of these robberies
is reported to the city police; locals know that many of the
cops are corrupt and probably in league with the robbers.

The Sabbat find the whole racket vastly amusing
— isn't it cute, the kine acting like wolves? Local

custom holds that any mugger or robber who draws a
weapon on a Cainite invites the Sabbat to dine, The
local Sabbat recommend the freelance cabs to visiting
Cainites. If the driver is honest, you get cheap trans-
portation; if not, you have a free meal. The police do
not investigate the deaths of robbers whose victims
turned the tables on them.

Busanp DeserRo

Many capitalinos use the city bus system. Buses go
everywhere in the city, and the maximum fare is 3.5
pesos (about 35 cents). Of course, they do not run as
often at night.

Peseros are minibuses that supplement the main bus
lines. They, too, charge up to 3.5 pesos for long trips.
Peseros operate on fixed routes. Passengers can board at
regular bus stops and at most of the subway stations.

Supway

Mexico City has a large subway system. Its 10 inter-
secting lines transport five million people each day. The
metroconnects to the four main busstations, the Buenavista
train station and the airport.

In contrast to the street chaos above, the metro is
quiet, safe, efficient and reliable (if crowded). The clean,
well-lit stations gleam with marble. Some stations include
shopping centers. The Zécalo station features models of
central Mexico City during three historical periods, while
the Pino Suérez station boasts a small Aztec pyramid
discovered during construction.

Subway trains run about two minutes apart. The
metro operates 5:00 a.m.—midnight on weekdays, 6:00
a.m.—2:00 a.m. Saturday and 6:00 a.m—1:00 a.m. on
Sundays and holidays. The regulation that men must ride
in separate cars from women and children during rush hour
to reduce sexual harassment is not strictly enforced. The
crowded trains do attract pickpockets, though.

The Nosferatu antitribu consider the metro part of
their kingdom and are very proud of it. The Creeps
occasionally host soirées in their subway stations, and are
most particular that not a trace of blood or litter mar the
station when the kine return in the morning. Hidden
doors in the tunnels and maintenance areas open onto
other sections of the Nosferatu kingdom.

A Tour OFTHE City

Mexico City extends outward from the Historical
Center, the colonial city built on the buried ruins of
Tenochtitlan. North, south, east and west, each quad-
rant of the city has its own character. The northern
suburbs are chiefly industrial, but include vital religious
centers. The west is upper-middle class, with many new
business districts. The south is a patchwork of old
villages engulfed by working-class neighborhoods. The
east is most notorious for the shantytowns of the ex-
tremely poor.

‘Mexcio Cry By Nicst

32

Alll these generalizations have
major exceptions, though. None of
the delegations or municipios are ho-
mogeneous. In every direction, the
city swallowed up older villages that
remain like crystals embedded in rock;
the southern quarter merely presents
especially interesting case studies.
Every quadrant _ includes
shantytowns; the east merely has
more of them, and some of the more
infamous examples thereof.

The city's haphazard growth
also created extreme contrasts of
wealth. A shantytown may enclose
islands of wealth and privilege; an
upscale district often holds pockets
of squalor. Indeed, such intimate
juxtaposition of great wealth and
appalling poverty is one of Mexico
City's most notable features. Look
out the windows of a posh hotel or
modern apartment block: You may
well see a hovel of corrugated iron
and plastic sheeting right across
the street.

Because of the city's chaotic
growth, Storytellers can create
whole-cloth colonias with any mix
of social classes they want and place
them nearly anywhere they want.
Oddsare, something like their made-
up neighborhood probably exists.

Downtown: THE
CeNnTRO HistORICO

As with most cities, the oldest
part of Mexico City occupies its
center. Some of the public build-
ings date back hundreds of years. Some of them are
older than Mexico City itself.

Atits center, Mexico City has a town square. The vast
Plaza de la Constitucién is better known as the Zécalo. It
occupies the site of Tenochtitlan's religious and political
center, the teocalli; the buildings have changed but the
function has not.

The Spanish built the viceregal palace on the site of
the Aztec emperor Moqtezuma's palace. After indepen-
dence it became the National Palace, the formal seat of
Mexico's government. The building features a huge mural
by Diego Rivera that portrays Mexico's history from pre-
Columbian times to the revolution of 1912-1917.

The Metropolitan Cathedral fills another side of the
Zécalo. Colorful paintings, statues andaltarpieces of Christ
and the saints decorate the interior of the largest, oldest

MEXICO CITY AND VICINITY

cathedral in North America. Subsiding foundations give
the cathedral a perceptible tilt. Engineers have worked for
decades to stabilize the foundations and prevent a col-
lapse, and a web of scaffolds lines the interior.

Many of the older buildings in the Historical Center
are now museums of some sort. For instance, the Palace of
the Inquisition, built in 1571, later became a medical
school and is now a museum of both medical and Inquisi-
torial history. The Templo Mayor archeological site
includes a museum of pre-Columbian civilization, with
artifacts from Tenochtitlén and other sites.

Businesses converted other historic buildings for
their use. Banamex (Banco Nacional de México) occu-
pies the palace of the short-lived Emperor Iturbide. The
Casa de Azulejos, once the palace of a colonial aristo-
cratic family, is now a restaurant.

Carrer Two: A Flower Grown In Poson.

3

Despite the cultural magnificence of government
buildings and museums, much of the Historical Center is
aslum. During the late 19th century, wealthy Mexicans
moved out of the city center. The houses they left behind
became vecindades, or tenements for the poor. A decrepit
mansion of 20 rooms might now house 20 families.

The concentration of government and big business
offices makes the Centro Histérico a haunt for those
Sabbat who care about such things. Las Emblemas, the
coven charged with covering up Cainite "indiscretions,"
operates from a vecindad and spends much of its time in
government, police and media offices.

Another vecindad held an important Tremere
antitribu chantry in its secret sub-basement. Esteban del
Agua y Tierra and the Harbinger of Skulls called La
Viuda Blanca, the city's leading koldun, now occupy the
chantry and attempt to decipher the occult secrets of its
former owner.

The elder ambassador Eleiser de Polanco also roams
the nighted streets of the Historical Center, on foot or in
his chauffeured car. He pretends for a moment that the
darkened palaces hold sleeping aristocrats instead ofempty
offices and cultural exhibits. In his melancholy moments,
he feels like a cultural exhibit himself.

Torre LATINOAMERICA
Mexicans sometimes call the Latin-American Tower
their Empire State Building. Although the Torre

Tue INDepeNDeNCcE Bett

On Independence Day, the President of Mexico
rings Father Miguel Hidalgo's bell from a balcony of the
National Palace and repeats his call for independence,
the Grito de Dolores.

Few mortals realize that this isnot the original bell.
Over the decades, hell-raising Cainite packs stole the
Independence Bell many times, and elders who did not
want to draw attention to the sect replaced it just as
often. By now, various Sabbat packs own a half-dozen
Independence Bells. No one knows anymore which one
is the original.

Latinoamerica is considerably shorter (44 stories) than
the more famous skyscraper and built decades later, the
two buildings do look quite similar.

The toweralso resembles the Empire State Building in
its eclipse. The Torre Latinoamerica remained the tallest
building in Latin America for decades, but a few taller
skyscrapers recently rose in the city's western business
districts. The Latin-American Tower retains its distinc-
tion ofthe highest aquarium in the worldon the 38th floor.
Nets around the building prevent suicides from jumping
off the roof.

The Torre Latinoamerica also retains its importance
as an office building for business, especially to the Sabbat.

Plaza
Ganbold

mexico cir. cenreo nstonco RAI — ITT
: LJ 22 ae
a 1


From his officesin the tower, the revenant Pablo Grimaldi-
Salamanca oversees the financial interests of numerous
elders and covers up Cainite indiscretions. Now and then
Pablo takes the elevator up to the observation deck to look
down on his city — his city, no matter what the Cainites
may think.

ALAMEDA DARK

Alameda Central Park is another of the city's parks. It
takes the form of a geometrical Renaissance garden, with
an oblique grid of paved paths. Every day, many capitalinos
take a lunchtime stroll in the park to enjoy the shade and
relatively clean air.

In colonial times, the park had a darker function.
When the Spanish Inquisition found Indians guilty of
heresy and backsliding into pagan ways, it burned them in
Alameda Park. La Viuda Blanca sometimes walks the park
at night, listening to the memory of their screams.

Ptaza GARIBALDI

This square in the northern part of the old town is
the center of the mariachi industry for Mexico City.
Every night, numerous mariachi bands play in the
square, hoping that someone will hire them for a party
ora midnight serenade to a wife or lover. Restaurants,
nightclubs and bars surround the plaza. One end of the

plaza holds a statue of a mariachi musician; the other
holds a statue of Mexico's Valentino, the singing and
movie idol Pedro Infante.

The Sabbat love Plaza Garibaldi. Imagine dozens of
kine who wait around all night for a chance to go off with
acomplete stranger! It's like an all-you-can-eat diner, with
music. If you like, you can even let the band play at your
blood feast before you drain them.

Prudent Sabbat advise newcomers that they should
not take advantage of Garibaldi Square very often. The
bands will stop coming if too many of them disappear,
and they might go to the police if they notice that
musicians hired by a certain person never come back.
Drunken revelers from the bars, however, are fair game
inall seasons.

Pasco DeELA REFORMA

This magnificent boulevard is Mexico City's chief
east-west axis. In the Centro Histérico it is 200 feet wide
and belts of trees divide it along its length. Mirror-surfaced
office towers along the Paseo furnish the city's most
prestigious business addresses

Each glorieta along the street's length holds a
monument. The largest glorieta contains the Angel of
Independence. The statue's pedestal holds the severed
head of Miguel Hidalgo and the remains of other
Independence heroes. The other nine glorietas boast
statues of Christopher Columbus (Cristobal Colén in
Spanish), Simén Bolivar, the last Aztec emperor
Cuauhtémoc and a few other national heroes. Hernén
Cortés is conspicuously absent from this parade of

fame. The westernmost glorieta features a nude statue
of Diana the Huntress.

Nothing about the Paseo de la Reforma holds any
special attraction for the Sabbat, though a pair of
Giovanni once set out to snare the ghosts of Insurgency
heroes and never returned. As the city's central boule-
vard, however, the Sabbat can hardly avoid the Paseo.
Particularly for excursions into the western suburbs,
directions often start from the Paseo or the city's main
north-south arterial, the Avenida Insurgentes. The two
avenues cross at the Cuauhtémoc monument, in the
famous Zona Rosa neighborhood.

Zona Rosa

The "Pink Zone" used to be Mexico City's premier
shopping district, as well as one of its most upscale residen-
tial neighborhoods. The French-styled, 19th-century stone
mansions survive in some areas, and the prices in the glitzy
tourist shops remain quite high. Sculptures, fountains,
murals and other public art add an air of culture. Fashion-
able chilangos still go to the Zona Rosa to see and be seen,
and the neighborhood still boasts many posh hotels,
nightspots and boutiques.

As evening comes, however, sleazy hucksters take
over the sidewalks to entice passers-by into strip joints.
Petty grifters, pickpockets and purse-snatchers likewise
emerge to separate the unwary from their money. A
hungry Sabbat can usually find a convenient juicebag no
one will miss.

The Zona Rosa also holds the twin Ripley Museum
and House of Wax (asingle fee pays for entry to both). The
Ripley Museum, also called the Museo del Increfable and
connected to the well-known Believe It or Not organiza-
tion, holds a collection of high weirdness — everything
from New Guinea shrunken heads to a landscape painted
ona potato chip to tiny figurines made of cockroach parts.
Some Sabbat develop a taste for the utterly bizarre — a
Tzimisce scientist looking for a new experiment or a
Lasombra schemer pondering an innovative revenge can
always find inspiration at the Ripley.

Next door, the House of Wax offers the usual
figures of royalty, celebrities and famous people from
history and fiction. The basement features the inevi-
table Chamber of Horrors. Hollywood icons like
Frankenstein's Monster and Linda Blair (with a genu-
ine spinning head!) mingle with tableaus of Spanish
Inquisition tortures and Jeffrey Dahmer snacking on
human viscera. Some Sabbat find it all quite entertain-
ing. The House of Wax management prudently does not
argue when certain people want to rent the Chamber of
Horrors for a midnight party. Visiting Sabbat can have
their photo taken pretending to bite Mother Theresa or
arm in arm with Bela Lugosi's Dracula — something to
show the packmates back home.

The Zona Rosa itself is an open territory. The
adjacent Colonia Judrez, where more of the 19th

‘Cuarrer Two: A Frower Grown I Poson

35

century mansions survive, is the domain of Bishop
Rodolfo and his protégé Eliza. These two Malkavian
antitribu explore the outer fringes of madness to
prepare themselves for the ultimate reckoning of
Gehenna. Colonia Juérez looks like a quiet, shabby-
genteel neighborhood, but around it spread the
crime-ridden vecindades. Bishop Rodolfo smiles as he
reads of local murders in the daily news, and makes a
little roach-part figure of every victim. He has even
sent a few of his best over to the Ripley.

Connesa

Just south of the Zona Rosa lies the hipper-than-thou
Condesa neighborhood. Condesa has gentrified in the last
decade or so. Restaurants, trendy bars, cafés and galleries
now occupy the late 19th century mansions and commer-
cial blocks. Many of the old buildings remain in poor
repair, but that just adds ambiance for Condesa's too-cool-
for-you crowd.

Many Toreador antitribu visit Condesa to hunt and
mingle. The murder artists and pain poets delight in the
culture, and draw would-be hipsters to them like the
proverbial moths toa flame. The Priscus Venere Carboni
reigns over his fellow Perverts in the guise of a bar's hired
guitarist. Anyone who wants to hunt in Condesa must beg
Venere's permission, and then amuse the Demon Maestro
with the grace and cruelty of their hunts.

CHapuLTepec DARK

Mexico City's borders enclose many parks. The
Bosque de Chapultepec ("Woods of Chapultepec") is
certainly the grandest of them. It anchors the southwest-
ern end of the Paseo de la Reforma. The great avenue
continues to the west, through the park and beyond, but
it is reduced in size.

When the Aztecs came to the Valley of Mexico, they
first settled on the park's hill. Chapultepec ("Grasshopper
Hill") later became a country estate for the Aztec emper-
ors. The park's acres of gardens and woodland now surround
Los Pinos, the residence of the President of Mexico. The
park also holds a few small lakes, several museums, a z00,
a sports club, a mirror funhouse, amusement parks for
children and grown-ups, a cemetery, a riding academy, a
rodeo arena, an auditorium and a castle.

Chapultepec Castle began as a military academy.
During the war with the United States, the cadets tried
to defend Chapultepec Castle from the American army.
The story goes that rather than surrender, six cadets
wrapped themselves in Mexican flags and leaped to
their deaths from its battlements. The monument to
these Nifios Heroes ("Boy Heroes") graces the main
entrance to the park. In his brief reign, Emperor
Maximilian remodeled Chapultepec Castle as one of
his residences. In the 20th century, Mexico's presidents
lived in Chapultepec Castle until 1940, when the Mexi-
can government turned the fortified palace into the
National Museum of History.

Chapultepec Park also holds the National Museum of
Anthropology, with a massive statue of the rain-god Tlaloc
at its entrance. The first floor exhibits artifacts from
Mexico's pre-Columbian cultures, while the second floor
is devoted to contemporary tribes. The artifacts on display
are only a tiny fraction of the complete collection, one of
the world's greatest troves of pre-Columbian art, artifacts,
documents and folklore. Its chief rival is the Templo
Mayor museum just a few miles away.

Asamysterious new enemy strikes down Cainite after
Cainite in Latin America, Sabbat researchers led by the
Lasombra Zadkiel ben Aron conduct frantic after-hours
research at the two museums. So far, the Sabbat's only clue
is a name, "nagual," that can refer to any sort of shape-
shifting supernatural creature. Discovering what else stalks
the night in Latin America has become critically impor-
tant. The researchers hope that some ancient statue,
petroglyphic inscription or collection of folklore can re-
veal the nature of their enemy.

Chapultepec also includes a large and modern
zoo. Several enormous domes of netted metal stand
out; the zoo's lions, tigers, jaguars and other big cats
live in these open-air cages. Sabbat who follow the
Path of the Feral Heart sometimes visit the zoo to
observe the big cats, and maybe sneak into a cage to
test themselves against these fellow arch-predators.
Chapultepec Zoo is the domain of Efrain Sortano,
one of the Sabbat's youngest prisci and a paragon of
the Path of Metamorphosis.

West

The westem side of Mexico City holds many of the
city's most prosperous colonias. Most neighborhoods are
also quite new. Life in Polanco, Ciudad Satélite, Santa Fe
and other colonias looks much as it does for middle-class
and upper-middle-class Americans, The neighborhoods
described here are fairly typical of Mexico City's western
quarter. Other West Side neighborhoods include
Tecamechalco, Interlomas, Lomasde la Herradura, Lomas
de Bezares and Anzures.

OLp Mone'
PoLanco AND Lomas DE CHAPULTEPEC

In the latter half of the 19th century, wealthy families
left central Mexico City to live in new suburbs beyond
Chapultepec Park. Polanco is located just north of the
park; Lomas de Chapultepec ("Chapultepec Heights") is
just west. More than a century later, these neighborhoods
present a mix of nice homes, high-rise apartments, retail
and office skyscrapers —and a smattering of walled estates
with armed guards at the gates. "The Lomas" holds Mexico
City's most expensive homes, while Polanco boasts three
of the city's best hotels.

Polanco also hosts a sizable Orthodox Jewish minor-
ity. Some chilangos jokingly call the neighborhood
Polanski" because of all the East European-descended
Jews. Several synagogues serve this community.

‘Maxco Cry By Nice

36

\ ——f)____| WEST MEXICO CITY

podromo=

de}las'Américas

[2alSeccion.

Bilos'P

f
Chapultepec
glalSeccian)

\

z_ (Presidential Palace)

For the Sabbat, Lomas de Chapultepec is "Elder
Country." At least a dozen elders claim walled estates in
the colonia. First among these dignitaries is Charles
Delmare, called Charles VI, one of the Sabbat's older and
more celebrated Cainites. He is the cardinal who estab-
lished a Sabbat presence in South America, a signatory to
the revised Code of Milan, and a stalwart defender of
Melinda Galbraith's Status Quo faction in the Consistory.
Sabbatadvise visitors not to linger in Lomasde Chapultepec
and, for Caine's sake, not to hunt there. The elders take
vengeance on poachers.

Tue TLALOC Fountain

Immediately to the west of Chapultepec Park lies
a large pumping station for the city's water system.
Diego Rivera decorated the pumping station with
mosaics and murals. The largest mosaic graces a foun-
tain across the street from the station. This fountain is
a trapezoid over a hundred feet wide. Rivera's mosaic
of Tlaloc, the Aztec god of rain and water, covers most
of the fountain's basin.

The fountain possesses mystical properties. Ifa vam-
pire or othersupernatural creature comes near the fountain,
a perceptive person might see a goggle-eyed face appear

World Trade
dl Center jg

and disappear in the flowing water. The proper sacrifice to
Tlaloc — either a child's heart ripped from its chest or a
criminal drowned in the fountain — summons the god
himself, or at least a spirit who claims to be Tlaloc. The
mosaic rises from the fountain's basin and assumes three-
dimensional form, with water still flowing across it. Tlaloc
offers the sacrificer an hour of itsservice. Only thesacrificer
or supernatural creatures can see the god.

Tlaloc cannot leave its fountain, but it can see and
hear any location in Mexico City where water is present,
from a canal in Xochimilco to a dripping tap in Satellite
City. The god can also control the weather. It knows a
great deal about Central American mythology, religion
and spirits, but doles out its knowledge slowly.

Tlaloc never fights. If someone attacks the god in any
way, it sinks back into the fountain and becomes an
unliving mosaic again.

No one knows who enchanted the fountain, appar-
ently noteven Tlaloc itself. No other Rivera mosaic shows
supernal properties. Some of the new Tzimisce koldun
recently discovered how to summon Tlaloc; the fountain's
magic feels somewhat koldunic to them, insofar that blood
sacrifice invokes a spirit of the land.

Cuarrer Two: A Flower Grown In Poson

37

TLALOC, THE VENGEFUL GoD

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Guru

The hideous God of Waters possesses a formi-
dable intellect and occult knowledge. It can teach
koldun the Paths of Neptune, Weather Control and
Spirit Thaumaturgy. Tlaloc's disciples follow the rules
for Dark Thaumaturgy because they do, in fact, sell
their souls to a demon (or rather, a god). Rather than
signing a formal pact to Tlaloc, however, sacrificers
sell their souls bit ata time. Sky-blue veins appear in
a sacrificer's aura and grow stronger with each offer-
ing, as Tlaloc gains a greater hold on its disciples.

Tlaloc appears to care only that sacrifices con-
tinue, but in truth it hates the Sabbat. The early
Sabbat destroyed the hierarchy of native vampires
who worshipped Tlaloc and other gods. Tlaloc in-
tends to destroy the Mexico City Sabbat, and the
heedless koldun further this plan.

Storytellers must decide for themselves how the
god expects to use the koldun. Perhaps the sacrificers
become slaves of the god. Perhaps each: sacrifice
strengthens Tlaloc's connection to the material world,
until eventually the god can appear whenever it
wants. Perhaps it intends to "destroy" the Sabbat by
drawing them into the beliefs of the vampires who
dominated Mexico before the arrival of Cortés, and
Mexico City becomes Tenochtitlan again. Clever
Storytellers can think of other possibilities.

Less thana dozen Cainites know about the fountain's
power, and they keep their knowledge secret. On the one
hand, the god is too useful as a hidden ally. Tlaloc spies
on their enemies and teaches magic of weather, water
and the Central American spirit world. On the other
hand, human sacrifice to gain occult power looks a lot
like Dark Thaumaturgy, and the Sabbat Inquisition is so
inflexible about such things. Esteban del Agua y Tierra
warns against calling on Tlaloc: He avoids powers that he
cannot command outright. Other mystics dismiss these
concerns. A few koldun now adapt Tlaloc's teachings to
their own style of magic.

Crupap Sateétite

In the 1960s, urban planners advocated building
"atellite cities" to draw growth away from overburdened
central cities. Mexico City followed this suggestion with a
planned community to the northwest of Mexico City, in
Mexico State. Logically, they called the new development
Satellite City. Ina few years, however, the ever-expanding
suburbs met Ciudad Satélite and are already sweeping
beyond them.

Ciudad Satélite looks very much like suburban
California, right down to the shopping malls. Many
companies keep their offices (or Mexican branch of-
fices) in Satellite City, in generic office parks and

towers. The traffic is Californian, too: It crawls along
the freeway in a rush hour that never ends. The
Satellite City slicker with his trendy norte clothes,
hair gel, gold chains and chrome-wheeled car is a
standard figure of mockery for chilangos.

The Sabbat have their own reason to laugh at
Satellite City. Decades before the government built its
planned city, a Cainite built a refuge in the area for the
sect's conscientious objectors. These Cainites, the
Calpulli Rojo ("Red Family") believed in the Sabbat's
political and mystical ideals but objected to the sect's
pervasive, deliberate brutality. Their compound now
consists of three haciendas and four smaller, newer
homes on a Satellite City side street. Now and then
Sabbat packs invade Satellite City to mock and hara
the Calpulli Rojo, but the coven's members have shown
that they object only to meaningless violence. They do
not object to violent defense of themselves and their
domain. Sabbat do not have to join the Calpulli Rojo if
they want to exploit Satellite City's business opportu-
nities, but they must abide by its rules: No attacks on
other Cainites, and clean up after you eat.

Satellite City features a monument as cryptic as any-
thing left by a lost civilization. As one drives north into
Ciudad Satélite, one passes a cluster of trapezoidal pylons
painted different colors. This work of abstract public art
has become Ciudad Satélite's defining icon.

BosquespeLas Lomas,
Lomas pe BtZARESAND VISTAHERMOSA

These three neighborhoods greatly resemble the other
new suburbs. They are chiefly notable for the degree to
which the inhabitants hire private security guards to
patrol the streets. This gives these colonias unusually low
crime rates. The Cainites who live in these wealthy and
well-guarded neighborhoods take care to avoid the notice
of the guards — or they pay their salary and make them
their accomplices.

In a small irony, the inhabitants of the West Side
colonias include many successful gangsters. A house in the
West Side is a mark of respectability as well as wealth. The
former kidnapper-enforcer and current Black Hand mem-
ber Mariano Pomposo took great pride in reclaiming the
home in Vistahermosa that he owned as a mortal. In his
usual quietly terrifying way, he has warned all the major
covens that it will go badly for them if some silly game of
theirs makes his property values drop.

SANTA Fe

The newest planned suburb on the West Side was
built on a gigantic landfill, but one would not know it to
look at it now. Santa Fe offers high-class, high-priced
office space. Major companies like GE, IBM and Daimler-
Chrysler place their Mexican main offices in Santa Fe
office towers; so do major Mexican companies such as
Televisa. This makes Santa Fe the premier playground for
those Sabbat who engage in high finance.

Mexcio Cry By Nicer

38

Santa Fe also features many gated communities built
ona "townhouse" row-housing plan. The residents pay
for very good security. Any Sabbat gangbanger who tries
invading these high-priced enclaves is in for a deadly
fight. Conversely, it's just as hard to get out undetected.

Behind the high brick walls and armed guards,
some of these row houses hold herds bound by fear of a
bloody master. In one small, very elite development,
everyone's name includes Grimaldi. Luckily, the neigh-
bors are entirely too polite to ask about the odd noises
that occasionally drift across the walls. After all, one
does not accuse such moneyed and fashionable people
of being a public nuisane

NortH

Mexico City's northem quarter is best known for
smokestack industries such as oil refineries, paper mills and
auto plants. Much of the bulk cargo for Mexico City —and
therefore much of Mexico — passes through the many
railyards of Azcapotzalco and Gustavo A. Madero Delega-
tions. Azcapotzalco also contains the city's stockyards.

The industrial north also sports the National
Polytechnic Institute and one of the three campuses
of Autonomous University of Mexico, one of the
nation's leading schools of science and engineering
These two institutions often host international con-
ferences of scientists and engineers. Tech-loving

—

NORTH MEXICO CITY

Sabbat will make a special effort to seem mortal,
simply for the sake of attending.

One of Mexico City's leading Cainite scientists dwells
in Azcapotzalco. Dr. Vermudo de Sancha, MD keeps his
haven in a derelict factory that he converted into an
operating theater and clinic for injured Cainites. He also
hosts meetings of the University of Night, an informal
group of Cainite scientists and scholars.

The mortal inhabitants of the northern districts are
chiefly working-class. These districts have a rough reputa-
tion, and none more so than the Barrio de Tepito.

BarRiope Teprro

The famous boxer Kid Azteca came from this colonia
on the border of the Historical Center. The 1985 earth-
quake wrecked much of Barrio de Tepito, and the
government encouraged many of the people to move
away. Not everyone left, however, and after dark, the
Barrio de Tepito becomes a den of prostitutes, gangsters
and the Sabbat. The heart of Tepito also still holds a huge
market where vendors sell cheap electronics, used cloth-
ing by weight, and odd stuff scavenged from junkyards and
the street. Tepito's market isa godsend for scroungers both
living and undead.

Tepito's gangsters include a Sabbat pack called Los
Encapuchados (the "Hooded Ones"). These Cainites seek

to take over a share of the trade in illicit narcotics and

/ Teotihuacan'

Gaarrer Two: A Fiower Grown In Poison

39

become a major cartel in the Mexican Mafia, Mexico
City's senior dominion, the Nosferatu antitribu called
Teresita, keeps her haven on the northern edge of Tepito.
Teresita trains new recruits for the Black Hand and finds
Tepito an excellent training ground: Her cadets, whom
she calls her own Nitios Heroes, can practice their lethal
lessons on tough mortals before they graduate to more
dangerous "Kindred" prey.

TLATELOLCO:
Tue PLAZA DeLAS TRES CULTURAS

The northern quarter retains several relics of na-
tive civilization. The Tlatelolco neighborhood, located
north of Paseo de la Reforma, holds one of them. This
neighborhood was Mexico City's first suburb:
Tenochtitlan became so crowded that people moved to
anearby island and built Tlatelolco. This satellite town.
held the greatest market in the Aztec Empire. The
market plaza still exists, and one can see the remains of
walls and a pyramid. The Spanish built a church, con-
vent and school for missionaries on another side of the
plaza. A third side holds the modern offices of the
Ministry of Foreign Relations. Near it lies a gigantic
housing project called Ciudad Tlatelolco. The old square
is now called the Plaza of the Three Cultures for the
three ages of Mexican history thus represented.

After 1968, Tlatelolco gained a more sinister repu-
tation. In that year, government troops massacred
university students who gathered in the Plaza to dem-
onstrate for reforms. The troops did not wear uniforms
and they waited until nightfall to fire, so that no one
could testify that any particular soldier had actually
killed anyone. Mexico's then-president, Gustavo Diaz
Ordaz, did not want protesters — he thought they were
"Communist agitators" — to mar the Olympic Games
held in Mexico City that year. The next day, the lead
story in the city's chief newspaper dealt with the weather.
The government did its best to suppress any word of the
massacre and it still does not appear in Mexican history
schoolbooks. Some of Mexico's leading writers and
intellectuals gathered testimony from survivors, how-
ever, and Diaz Ordaz ended up with an international
scandal. At home, the PRI lost the last of its credibility
as a "revolutionary" party.

A few Cainites claim that they were at the massa-
cre and fed well on the students. A few other Sabbat
say that they were students at the demonstration,
Embraced after their mortal wounding. The Sabbat
does not take great care in documenting its members'
past, so any of these Cainites could be telling the truth
or lying. Saying that you were "at Tlatelolco" has
become a standard boast for Sabbat who particularly
enjoy bedeviling the mortal authorities. The coven
called El Grito de Dolor, which compares Mexico's
reformist struggles to the Sabbat's fight against elder
tyranny, holds a yearly memorial ritus at the Plaza of
the Three Cultures.

So WuarlsIt?

No one knows the secret of Teotihuacén ex-
cept Tlaloc... and you, the Storyteller. We leave
this as a deliberate mystery that you can explain
however you want.

TeormuacAN

Tlatelolco is not the only Aztec remnantin the north
of the city. The ruined pyramids of Tenayuca and Santa
Cecilia exist further north, on the border of the Federal
District. Even farther north, beyond the suburban sprawl,
squats the massive ruins of Teotihuacén.

The Aztecs regarded Teotihuacan as an ancient, holy
and uncanny site. Its name means "place where the gods
began." In their legends, the gods were bornat Teotihuacan,
and two gods sacrificed themselves there to create the sun.

The largest monuments at Teotihuacan are called the
Pyramids of the Sun and Moon. They are much bulkier
than the Great Pyramid of Egypt, though they are made of
earth rather than stone. These and smaller pyramids and
platforms cluster around a gigantic plaza.

Teotihuacan isan Aztecname. No one knows what its
builders called this complex of pyramids, platforms and
temples, but beyond doubt it formed the center of their
religion. Teotihuacan is now an archeological site and
national preserve, but still accessible to tourists.

Some younger Sabbat hold ritae at Teotihuacan when
they can evade the archeologists (any security guards are
too easily bribed to matter). Sabbat elders avoid the vast
pyramids. Over the centuries, too many uncanny events
have happened at Teotihuacdn: packs that never came
back; inquisitive thaumaturges who fell prey to strange
obsessions; undead archeologists who suffered horrifying
nightmares. Speculations about sleeping Methuselahs re-
main unproven. Sabbat haye seen the rare and elusive
were-jaguars of Mexico at the ruins, but no Cainite has yet
produced a reliable account of their rites and powers. Other
Cainites spin tales about the ghosts of sacrificial victims
from longago, or even stranger creatures. La Viuda Blanca
visits the pyramids, but even she cannot yet define what
power lurks in the Place Where the Gods Began.

ViLLApe GuapALupe,
SANCTUARY OF THE VIRGIN

Northern Mexico City also contains many living
religious sites, including several baroque churches. The
basilica of the Virgin of Guadalupe, on Tepeyac Hill, is the
greatest of them all.

According to legend, in 1531 the Virgin Mary ap-
peared to a native peasant called Juan Diego, who came
from the village of Guadalupe. She miraculously im-
printed her image onto his cloak. This apparition proved
critical in converting the Indians, because the Virgin
appeared with the brown skin of their race. The basilica
was built to honor the miraculous cloak.

Movco Cry By Net

40

RELIGION

Most chilangos, like most Mexicans, call them-
selves Roman Catholic Christians. The small
percentage of non-Catholic chilangos chiefly follow
various Protestant sects. The city also has a minor
population of Jews (some, like the elder Zadkiel ben
Aron, descended from Sephardim expelled from Spain
centuries before). Mexico City also claims a small
community of Buddhists, who worship at their own
temple and community center. Mexico has received
Asian immigrants since the 19th century; Mexico
City even has a small Chinatown near the Historical
Center. A few non-Asian Mexicans adopt Buddhism
as well, and do not consider this inconsistent with
Roman Catholicism.

The cult of the Virgin of Guadalupe became so
popular that the Pope declared her the eternal Em-
press of Latin America and Queen of Mexico. Some
historians doubt the authenticity of the whole story
— or that Juan Diego even existed. Ethnologists
note that the Virgin of Guadalupe looks just like the
Aztec goddess Tonantzin ("Our Mother"), and that
the present basilica occupies Tonantzin's old shrine.
Such arguments, however, mean nothing to the
Mexican people.

The Basilica of the Virgin of Guadalupe now receives
more pilgrims each year than any other Roman Catholic
shrine. On the Virgin of Guadalupe's December 12 holi-
day, countless Mexicans gather in the square before the
basilica and hundreds of Mexicans dance in traditional
Actec garb.

Wise Sabbat clear out of Villa de Guadalupe for a
few nights around the festival, because the celebration
as a whole creates an uncomfortable degree of faith
throughout the neighborhood. A few devotees of the
Path of Night, or other Cainites who preserve some
twisted remnant of mortal faith, hover at the edges of
the colonia — the echo of sacred power hurts so good.
Among these Cainites are Villa de Guadalupe's resi-
dent Sabbat pack, the Machete Cross, and their mad
priest Father Yoel Rosen.

SouTH

Mexico City extends quite far to the south. Avenida
Insurgentes is the chief thoroughfare from the Historical
Center to the southern suburbs. Most of southern Mexico

City is working-class housing and blue-collar industry, in
colonias such as Tacubaya and Ixtacalco. This region does,
however, hold a few upper-class enclaves. Most of these
enclaves began as towns of their own, some dating back to
before the Conquest, that Mexico City encircled as it
grew. The southern districts also holds the campus of the
Autonomous National University of Mexico, a veritable
city ofits own.

Lucua Lippe!

The masked wrestlers of lucha libre are one of
Mexico's most distinctive cultural tropes. Masks were
popular in the 1930s: "El Enmascarado" came at the
same time that The Phantom debuted in newspaper
comic strips and The Man in the Iron Mask was a best-
seller in Mexico City. A young wrestler named
Rodolfo Guzman Huerta put it all together to create
the wrestling character of El Santo, the heroic Man
in the Silver Mask. Through wrestling matches,
movies and comic books, El Santo became a cultural
icon — Latin America's answer to Superman and
Batman — and cemented the mask as a necessary
adjunct to any luchador.

Lucha libre bouts express the struggles of Mexi-
can life. The fair-fighting wrestlers called cientificos
or técnicos fight the rudos who personify hated en-
emies of urban Mexicans, from street bullies to US
border guards to Death itself. Each match is a body-
slamming, high-testosterone morality play. Lucha
libre is Mexico's second most popular spectator sport,
second only to soccer.

The craze quickly spread to the Sabbat. It's a rare
Mexico City neonate who did not know of lucha libre
before his Embrace. Itwas only natural that someone
notice the resemblance between Sabbat Monomacy
and the duels of the squared circle.

Mexico City's Sabbat now enjoy their own lucha
libre spectacles. The-Cainite wrestlers reverse the
usual morality play: The "heroes" are rudo characters
inspired by famous Sabbat warriors, kine villains such
as Nazis and drug dealers, predatory animals, natural
disasters and the like. The técnico "villains" pose as
Sabbat enemies such as Camarilla archons, Lupines,
witch-hunters and the sun. Some characters, how-
ever, come from neutral sources such as Central
American gods, Disciplines or whatever else pops into
aCainite's active imagination. Sabbat lucha libre is far
less scripted than the mortal version, but the promot-
ers usually decide in advance who wins.

Sabbat lucha libre merges with Monomacy in the
mask vs. mask battles. Among mortals, the loser of such
afightis unmasked and can never wear that mask again.
The winner keeps the loser's mask. Among the Sabbat,
mask vs. mask Monomacy can go to Final Death,
leaving the losers mask and fangs asa trophy of the kill.

Very few luchadors make it into the Black Hand,
although many apply. The Seraphim and Dominions
also discourage Black Hand members from adopting
masked and costumed identities. They do not like to
see the Jyhad against the Camarilla treated as a game;
the Dominion Teresita openly despises lucha libre. Ifa
Cainite luchador should prove himself an especially
apt fighter, though, anything is possible.

Crarrer Two: A Flower Growinc In Poson

4

| Ns

TAcuBAYA AND IZTACALCO,

These twodistricts lie due south of the Centro Histérico.
They are fairly old, working-class suburbs. Sport is
Tacubaya's claim to fame: It holds the City of Sports and,
nearby, the Plaza México — the largest bullring in the
world, with seating for 50,000.

Bullfighting remains popular in Mexico. The Sabbat
likes it too. Unfortunately, the Plaza México is too
exposed for a clandestine bullfight. In the past, Sabbat
packs won glory for themselves by finding a way to stage
adecent bullfight somewhere else — in one of the larger
parks, perhaps. The trick was to build a corrida (bullring),
hold the fight and tear everything down again without
leaving traces.

A few years ago, however, the Toreador antitribu
Priscus Venere Carboni purchased a large warehouse in
Iztacalco and turned it into a small sports arena. By raising
the audience on catwalks, Carboni left the entire factory
floor free to use as a corrida. It lacks the scale of the Plaza
México, but Carboni rents out the facility whenever
anyone wants to sponsor a bullfight.

The Sabbatalso place a few Cainite spins on the sport.
A ghoul bull is only the simplest variant. A ghoul in
frenzy, with horns strapped to his head (or created using
Vicissitude) provides its own sort of amusement. Other
variations includea kidnapped human set againstaszlachta

or bull, with the Embrace as his backhanded reward if he
survives. Cainites also use Carboni's arena for other sport-
ing events, including Games of Instinct and Monomacy.
Dozens of Cainites may attend these events, and any
mortals drawn by the lights and sounds of excitement are
a pleasant bonus.

Carboni acts as master of ceremonies for bullfights or
other spectacles, but on most nights he stays in Condesa.
He leaves the night-to-night operations of his arena to a
large coven called the Partido Devolucionario Institucional,
led by a Malkavian antitribu who calls himself General
Perfidio Dfos. The PDI, with more than 20 members,
dominates Cainite affairs in Tacubaya and Iztacalco.

CovoacANn AND SAN ANGEL

Hernan Cortés occupied Coyoacan after his initial
flight from Tenochtitlén. Suburban sprawl engulfed this
village 50 years ago. The megalopolis surrounds Coyoacén,
but does not absorb it. Like many such encircled towns,
Coyoacan has narrow, cobbled streets and older buildings.
The university to the south is the chief outside influence
on Coyoacan. The neighborhood features many book-
stores, galleries, coffeehouses and other businesses that
cater to the highbrow.

Cortés was not Coyoacdn's only famous resident
In the first half of the 20th century, Mexico's most

‘Mexcio Cry By Nicat

4)

famous artist, Diego Rivera, lived in the town with his
legal wife Frida Kahlo, his later common-law. wife
Angelina Beloff (both also artists of some fame) and
his houseguest Leon Trotsky. Not far away is the house
where Trotsky lived after his affair with Kahlo became
socially awkward. The Trotsky house is also now a
museum. Visitors can see the bullet holes left by an
assassination attempt led by Rivera's fellow muralist
David Siqueiros, a fervent Stalinist. A Soviet agent
later murdered Trotsky in the house. El Grito de
Dolor, the city's largest coven, models one of its
ignoblis vitae on the Trotsky assassination.

Coyoacan also holds the urban haven of Szechenyi
Jolén, one of Mexico City's oldest and most powerful
Teimisce. This priscus prefers to reside in a small southern
hamlet that she owns completely, but two of her ghouls
always occupy the small, vine-wreathed stone cottage and
can pass messages to Jolén.

San Angel, due west of Coyoacén, greatly resembles
it. The elder Eleiser de Polanco, ambassador from the
Sabbat of Spain, claimed San Angel as his domain by
destroying the Sabbat pack who previously resided in it.
San Angel reminds him of the past... and college students
out late make a convenient dinner.

Tue DeprecaL, UNAM anp CulculLco,

A huge lava flow from the extinct volcano Mt.
Xictli created the Pedregal, a ridge of barren rock south
of Coyoacdn and San Angel. Part of the ridge now forms
one of Mexico City's upscale suburbs, the Jardines de
Pedregal. The Pedregal area also holds the massive
Azteca Stadium and, to the west, the Olympic Stadium
and Village.

Avenida Insurgentes follows the Pedregal south to the
main campus of the Universidad Nacional Autonom{o de
México, called the Ciudad Universitaria. This is Mexico's
premier institute of higher learning. It is enormous, with
about 250,000 students. UNAM highlights include the
inevitable mosaic murals (this time by Juan O'Gorman
and David Siqueitos), theaters, sculpture and botanical
gardens, and a 10-story library. One of the more enigmatic
features is a massive environmental sculpture. This con-
sists of massive, slanting concrete piers around a knob of
bare volcanic rock.

UNAM is probably the world's greatest center of
Noddist scholarship. Some of the professors are blood-
bound ghouls working for undead patrons. Others are
conditioned, suggested or nudged to research in certain
directions. Some Noddists simply offer cash incentives to
investigate certain problems in history, archeology, poli-
tics and other fields, with plausible but false explanations
for their interest. Most Noddists consult UNAM's library
and scholars at some point. Uncovering the past and
present machinations of Methuselahs and Antediluvians
requires vast amounts of information and top-notch schol-

arship, and UNAM supplies both.

No Sabbat reside in the Jardines de Pedregal, how-
ever, or UNAM. Over the decades, several packs tried.
Within a decade, pack members developed the fabled
Methuselah's thirst, devoured their packmates and had to
be put down like rabid dogs. The reason lies south of
UNAM in the lava-smothered ruins of Cuicuilco, a civi-
lization older than Teotihuacén,

Around 100 AD, the Pedregal lava flow buried
Cuicuilco in lava more than 16 feet deep. Only a few
of the tallest structures rose above the lava. The
largest of these is a circular step pyramid 75 feet tall
and 390 feet wide. At the top, a deep pit holds an oval
stone altar. Excavations in the 1930s revealed other
structures and altars. No further excavation has taken
place since that decade.

Asthe archeologists dug by day, blood sorcerers and
Noddist scholars worked by night to decipher inscrip-
tions and artifacts that never made it to any museum of
the kine. They found that when the Pedregal buried
Cuicuilco, it trapped a sleeping Methuselah — one so
powerful that even in torpor, its will and its thirst
reached out to overpower Cainites who spent too much
time near it. Gorchist, the regent of that time, re-
sponded by declaring the entire Pedregal his domain.
Other Cainites could visit but not stay. Melinda
Galbraith repeated that prohibition.

The Sleeper of Pedregal is not a very great secret in
the Sabbat. Every Cainite of bishop or higher rank
knows about the Methuselah; they just do not talk
about it very much, Now and then, some whelp suggests
digging out the Methuselah and diablerizing it. Isn't
that what the Sabbat is about? Elders respond by saying
that of course the Sabbat will destroy the Sleeper... in
time, when they know how to do it safely and without
tearing up half of UNAM. If the neonate persists, the
elder takes her head off for impertinence.

HOCHIMILCO

Like Coyoacén, this upscale suburb used to be a town
of its own. Before that, Xochimilco was one of the five
interconnected lakes in the Valley of Mexico. The Indians
farmed in Lake Xochimilco using chinampas.

The usual description of chinampas as "floating gar-
dens" is not correct. Chinampas do not actually float;
rather, they are a form of land reclamation. The Indians
created the gardens by heaping up reeds and dredged lake
sediments into platforms that reach a few feet above water
level. Willows planted on the platform anchor it to the
lake bed with their roots. The Indians did (and still do)
employ floating seed-beds of reeds and mud, however, and
early authors confused these floating seed-beds with the
chinampa gardens themselves.

Over the centuries, the chinampas filled more and
more of Lake Xochimilco until there was no lake left —
just a network of canals. The people of Xochimilco still
farm the chinampas, though, and the delegation still

rare Two: A Flower Grownnc In Poison

4B

deserves its Nahuatl name of "The Place of Flowers."
Xochimilco's flower gardens supply Mexico City with a
vast and steady stream of blossoms.

Gaily painted trajineras (gondolas) carry visitors
through the canals that run between the gardens. Each
gondola's name is spelled out in flowers, and some boats
are almost covered in blossoms. Touristsand chilangos both
enjoy an afternoon out on the flower boats.

Most Sabbat do not care much about the scenic
beauty of Xochimilco butsome of them find the canalsand
gardens useful for hiding their victims' bodies. Even better,
theycan deliver the bodiesto Xochimilco's leading Cainite,
the gardener and Cathari priestess Caridad de Flores. This
Cainite occupies a mansion and estate that faces a canal
Tall hedges and an iron fence surround the estate; a gate
accesses the canal for "deliveries" by water. The splendid
gardens around the house are nothing compared to the
garden inside it.

DesIeERTO DELOS Leones

Desert of the Lions is Mexico City's second-largest
park. It is located in the southwest of the city, near the
Pedregal lava field. The park consists ofa pine forest on the
lower slopes of Mount Xictli. Itis much wilder than Bosque
de Chapultepec, and lacks the museums and other enter-
tainments. [talso suffers much more from the air pollution.

fAucodnomo 7

At night, the park becomes a favored haunt of the
Black Hand. The Sabbat's most dedicated warriors
often train in the park through games such as hide-and-
seek or blindfolded tag. Sometimes these Cainites kidnap
a convenient mortal and hunt him through the woods.
Country Gangrel antitribu also roam the park or sleep
through the day in its soil. The two groups generally stay
away from each other (except for the Gangrel in the
Black Hand, of course). Additionally, the recent influx
of Gangrel from the Camarilla has tipped the balance
between the two groups, and some Gangrel now grumble
about sharing the park.

Bast

In the 1950s, millions of peasants left their farms and
villages to seek their fortune in Mexico's premier city. The
booming oil and construction industries promised jobs
and wealth. Of course there were not enough jobs for
everyone who wanted one. Many couldn't even find
housing. Most of them squatted on vacant land or illegally
rented land on the communal farms called ejidos. They
built hovels of whatever materials they could scrounge:
mud brick, corrugated iron, cinder blocks, plastic sheet
ing, marsh reeds and the like. These desperately poor
people made Mexico City the biggest metropolis in the

(Almada)
[Griente'

Maxco Cry By Nice

4

world. The Mexicans call these shantytowns the ciudades
perdidas — "lost cities."

These squatter neighborhoods now ring the city,
but they are most extensive on the city's eastern and
southeastern fringe. The municipios of Nezahualcoyotl,
Texcoco and Chalco are particularly notorious in this
regard. Some of these shantytowns grew so large that
they could be major cities of their own. Now and then
the Mexican government extends electricity, water
lines and other utilities to a shantytown, even though
the people do not legally own their homes or land. The
ciudades perdidas multiply faster than the government is
willing to act, however, and far beyond the ability of
private charities to help the people. Some people esti-
mate that more than 500 ciudades perdidas cluster around
Mexico City, compared to about 350 legal colonias.

The shantytowns receive policing as much as they
receive utilities and other government services. Drug
abuse is rampant. So are domestic abuse, assault and
robbery. Fathers are often absent, and drunken or brutal
when present. Many of the people have no jobs, no
education and no hope. Indolent youths often join gangs.
What can they do except fight for scraps and seek a
moment of chemical escape? The Sabbat feels right at
home in these environs. If Cainites leave a few dead bodies
inthe street, the police shrug and write them off as victims
of gang violence... and a few more people who will never
trouble their betters again.

BcaTepec,
VENUSTIANO CARRANZA AND IZTAPALADA

Closer to the city center, the east side consists of
industrial and working-class neighborhoods, much like
the northern quarter. These also include some of Mexico
City's most populous delegations.

The delegation of Venustiano Carranza lies between
the Historical Center and the AIBJ. Mexico City's largest
coven, El Grito de Dolor, has its parish in Venustiano
Carranza. This coven boasts more than 30 members, which
grants its ductus, Bishop Natalio, greater influence than his
age or rank would suggest. Coven members hunt and
maintain personal havens throughout the eastern quarter.

etapalapa puts on Mexico City's second-largest reli-
gious festival, surpassed only by the festival of the Virgin
of Guadalupe. Every year at Easter, kine in Ictapalapa
mounta passion play of epic proportions. Like the celebra-
tion of the Virgin, Iztapalapa's dramatization of the life,
death and resurrection of Jesus Christ generates a frighten-
ing degree of faith that most Cainites prefer to avoid. The
Little Sisters of Zillah, a coven with a missionary bent,
remains in Iztapalapa as a penance for their crime of
existing as Cainites. The Little Sisters have recently
gained greater prestige in the Sabbat thanks to the pro-
phetic zeal of its pack priest, Josefa Teotalco.

NeZAHUALCOYOTL
Ciudad Nezahualcoyotl takes its name from an Aztec
emperor who wrote beautiful poetry. The name means

"Starving Coyote." Fifty years ago, Nezahualcoyotl was a
rural municipio made up of communal farms, called ejidos,
and drying mudflats left by the vanishing Lake Texcoco.
Immigrants found they could not find housing in the city,
so several thousand families built adobe shacks in
Nezahualcoylotl at once. They guessed that the govern-
ment would not risk a riot or bad publicity by evicting so
many squatters at once. The first settlers laid out a grid of
streets and divided the land into plots. They hooked their
neighborhoods to Mexico City's electricity, water and
telephone systems without paying. Hundreds of thousands
of other squatters followed.

As the shantytown grew, however, Mexico City's poli-
ticians started looking at its people through new eyes: as
prospective voters. The government gradually legalized the
squatters' land titles, paved the roads and arranged for legal
utilities. People opened shops and small businesses. Brick
replaced adobe. "Neza" seemed on the way to becoming an
ordinary, working-class neighborhood, though its squatter
roots still provoked scorn and mistrust from chilangos

In the late 1980s, however, Mexico's oil boom col-
lapsed and unemployment surged. Young Nezans sought
work in the US. Many of them came back with gangster
styles and attitudes learned in American inner cities. An
urban punk ethic enhanced Neza's reputation as a danger-
ous, lawless place. Now more than 1.4 million people live
in the world's largest slum.

Nezahualcoyotl's very notoriety sometimes bringssmall
benefits. International boxing matches have taken place
there. A UN development agency held a concert in
Nezahualcoyotl to draw attention to the Third World's
urban poor. As the poster child for shantytown squalor,
the Starving Coyote actually receives more government
help than do most of the ciudades perdidas

The Nezans may not have asecond chance to gentrify
themselves, though. From the beginning, the Sabbathunted
freely through Neza. Bored, frustrated young men easily
moved from kine gang life to the Sabbat. Now, however,
the Nezans face something even worse than Sabbat
gangbangers. A brood of Blood Brother Cainites escaped
after the destruction of the Tremere antitribu. These
"Hungry Sisters" find densely packed, impoverished, vio-
lent Nezahualcoyotla perfect environment, and the lineage
grows with frightening speed. So far, neither witch-hunt-
ers nor Sabbat elders notice the Hungry Sisters, but these
mad Cainites could easily at least expose the existence of
vampires as they overrun the neighborhood.

Carto LANDIA

The name means "Cardboard Land." It is one of
Mexico City's newer ciudades perdidas, in the eastern
fringe of the Chalco area. Squatters build their one-
room huts out of pressed cardboard because that's what
they can scavenge.

The Mexican city or national governments could not
afford to help the Carto Landians for many years, even if
they wanted to do so. In many ciudades perdidas, help

Caarrer Two: A Flower Growinc In Powson.

45

comes only from private charities. Churches sponsor many
of these charity offices. For instance, the Asociacién
Mexicana de Transformacion Rural'y Urbano (AMEXTRA),
a charity group sponsored by the Evangelical Lutheran
Church in America and other denominations, built a
small medical clinic in Carto Landia. The charity workers
also teach women about small businesses they can run
from home, such as cutting hair, cooking, baking, arts and
crafts. Such charities are the squatters' only advocates to
the rest of the world.

As charity workers gain the trust of the squatters,
they may learn about more personal threats to the people
of a ciudad perdida. The Mexican government may not
notice dead squatters, but charity workers do. The Soci-
ety of Leopold regularly sends witch-hunters into Carto
Landia and similar shantytowns to question the charity
workers about deaths and disappearances that seem more
than usually strange. Indeed, some of Mexico's most
dedicated witch-hunters began as charity workers in the
ciudades perdidas.

THe Lowest

Carto Landia is not the lowliest habitation of Mexico
City's poor. In some areas, sand-quarries left shallow,
man-made caves. People live in them. The caves are prone
to collapse, but they are free shelter.

Other people live in graveyards. It's free space. Per-
haps they sleep under a shrub, or turn a tarp into a crude
tent. Mexicans sometimes leave offerings of food on their
relatives' graves; the dead might not care, but the homeless
appreciate it. They can resell the flowers and candles left
on the graves as well.

The poorest of the poor live in garbage dumps. A
house of cardboard still beats a junked car and a plastic

Lane Texcoco

From covering much of the Valley of Mexico,
Lake Texcoco has shrunk to a small patch of marsh
and a salt-frosted basin of dried mud. A patchwork
of squatter shacks and small farms surrounds the
lake's remains.

The Mexican government wants to build a new
airport on the Texcoco lakebed, to replace the aging
Benito Juérez International Airport. Environmen-
talists protest that the airport would disturb migratory
birds that nest in the remnant wetland. The farmers
do not want to lose their land, especially at the price
offered by the government. Some engineers object
that the Texcoco mudflats could not support the
weight or the airport. The Sabbat doesn't give a
damn one way or another. Pablo Grimaldi-
Salamanca, however, positioned his assets so that
his revenant family will make a fortune off the new
airport — money that he needs for his long-term
plans. In Pablo, the Texcoco Airport has a powerful
hidden supporter with a stronger voice in the Sabbat
than even the Consistory realizes.

tarp. The squatters pick through trash in search of any-
thing they can use or sell for a few coins. They live amid
filth, breathe the stinking smoke from illegal garbage fires,
eat spoiled food and drink polluted water. Their death rate
from disease is appalling.

Noone looks out for the people of garbage, sand-caves
and cemeteries. The Sabbat can prey on them with impu-
nity. Some packs claim communities of the homeless as
their herds, and treat them as kine in truth. They exercise
no discretion because their prey is invisible to the authori-
ties. Some people even accuse the police of organizing
death-squads to thin the ranks of the homeless.

One Sabbat pack, the Filth Angels, draws its member-
ship from the garbage-pickers ofa dump in Iztapalapa. The
Filth Angels rarely venture beyond that dump, so few
Sabbat know of them or care.

UNbDeRGROUND

In its central districts, Mexico City has all the under-
ground spaces ofany metropolis, and a few unique to itself.
Mortals built most of it. Ever since the Sabbat came to
Mexico City, however, Cainites exploited kine civil engi-
neering works as cover for their own digging.

In 1607, the Spanish colonial government ordered
the city's first big dig. Fifteen hundred Indian laborers dug

tem of drainage canalsand the Desagiie de Huehuetoca,
a five-mile tunnel through the northern hills, to draw off
excess water. The project was left incomplete, and so it did
not prevent a flood in 1629 that left most of the city under
water for five years. The government ordered the drainage
system expanded... and the Sabbat diverted work gangs to
delve tunnels of its own.

As the city expanded, so did its secret underground.
The Nosferatu antitribu arranged for the construction and
sealing of excess subway, sewer and utility tunnels, accord-
ing to their usual plans. As skyscrapers like the Torre
Latinoamerica were built, Cainites added subcellars for
their private use. Sometimes they duped contractors into
doing the work. Other times the Sabbat enslaved kine
laborers: Itwas, andis, easy to find cheap, disposable workers
in the slums. Mexico City now boasts one of the largest
Nosferatu kingdoms in the world, and many other Cainites
enjoy their own secret, subterranean havens and passages.

The Sabbat were not the first vampires to dig beneath
the city, either — because neither they nor the Camarilla
were the first undead in the New World. When the Sabbat
came to Mexico, they destroyed a handful of elder mon-
sters who stalked the Aztec nights and feasted on blood
that poured down drains in the sacrificial altars. The
Spanish never found the elder vampires' hidden cata-
combs, but the Sabbat did and took them for their own use.

The Sabbat faces a constant challenge in steering
subway tunnels, sewers, telephone cables and other exca-
vations away from their own tunnels and vaults. The
Sabbat elders face a second challenge in hiding their
private diggings from each other. Not a few elders con-

‘Maco Cry By Newt

%

struct crypts and passages that they hope
remain unknown to their rivals. The
elders bury many secrets and scandals in
their vaults, from torpid rivals to secret
treaties with Camarilla princes

UNIVERSIDAD DEL TERCER
CIRCULO DEL SERPIENTE
Dorapo

The Tremere antitribu called their
central chantry the "University of the
Third Circle of the Golden Serpent."
Like the chantries of the parent clan, it
served as their communal haven, col-
lege and sorcerous research laboratory.
The Cainites of "House Goratrix" built
their chantry more than a thousand
feet below the surface, deep in the
volcanic bedrock of the valley. Some
terrible and unknown force destroyed
the Tremere antitribu, but their under-
ground chantry remains — albeit
scorched. The sorcerous wards and
curses that protected the chantry ap-
parently vanished with the Tremere
antitribu themselves.

Before one can investigate the re-
maining secrets of the chantry, one must
find it. We do not provide a specific
location for the entrance to the chantry:
That is best left for each Storyteller to
decide for herself. For inspiration, how-
ever, here are three possible locations for
the entrance to the labyrinth:

¢ A disused grain silo in
Azcapotzalco. A trapdoor in the floor is
known only to Cainites... for now.

© The basement ofa run-down man-
sion in the Centro Histérico. Pushing the

MEXICO CITY METRO LINES

carefully ord
everywhere!
Rats are everyw! ey.

right brick opens a secret door.

* A skyscraper in Polanco. Pressing
the correct sequence of buttons in the elevator takes one
to the chantry.

Once characters find the entrance, they must navi-
gate a descending, seven-layered labyrinth to reach the
chantry itself. The labyrinth is not enormous, but safe
passage from each level to the next depends on passing
some test. For instance, the Guide to the Sabbat men-
tioned a large albino alligator on one of the upper levels.
Assuming that this was a supernatural guardian (and not,
say, a Nosferatu's animal minion), the alligator could
recognize Tremere antitribu and let them pass, but would
try to stop Cainites of other clans.

Other tests depend on occult knowledge. For in-
stance, two levels might be linked by a 200-foot shaft
between two small, round chambers marked with the
signs of the zodiac. A character who touches the sign

currently in the descendant (just passing below the
western horizon) can drop down the shaft and land
without harm. A person who jumps down the shaft but
does not touch the right sign probably makes quite a
mess. Touching the ascendant sign (the one rising over
the eastern horizon at that time) gently wafts a charac-
ter up the shaft. To repeat, this is only an example.
Storytellers should devise their own "tests" for passage.
Bear in mind, though, that the Tremere antitribu did not
want to make reaching the chantry too difficult for
clanmates who knew the proper route.

At the Storyteller's option, the chantry discovered by
Esteban de Agua y Tierra might provide access to the
Universidad labyrinth. This does not constrain the loca-
tion of the labyrinth's main entrance: Esteban's looted
chantry might hold some sort of magic portal that trans-
ports characters to the labyrinth.

Cxarren Two: A Flower Growin In Poson

4]


Mexico City is home to more Sabbat than any other
city in the world. With so many Cainites swimming in the
human muck, some take their coven very seriously, while
othersflitfrom loose association to loose association. There's
alwaysanother vato totake the place ofone who'smovedon.

Packs

Los ANGELES SUCIEDAD
(THe FutH ANGeLs)

The Filth Angels are one of the Sabbat's newest packs,
and the least respected. Most Cainites do not consider
them True Sabbat at all. They have no influence in the
sect or the mortal world. Indeed, for the most part, they
have no goal except to survive another night.

Mexico City's poorest denizens live in garbage dumps.
These garbage-pickers are the city's most disposable mor-
tals. That's why two packs chose a garbage dump in
Irtapalapa for a rumble. They didn't want to tire too
quickly, so they sportingly agreed that each pack could
stock a "recuperation" area with half a dozen vessels —the
Cainites grabbed some of the garbage-pickers as their
sports drink of choice. Of course both sides cheated and
attacked each other's feeding station. The captive gar-
bage-pickers were slaughtered as vitae sprayed from frenzied,
slashing vampires. In the end, three of the dying garbage-
pickers rose again and joined the blood-madness.

Neither pack wanted to take responsibility for these
unwanted childer, but Bishop Natalio took an interest. He
decreed that the two pack ducti should bring the Embraced
garbage-pickers into their own packs, on pain of lethal
Brujah annoyance. Regardless of the threat involved, how-
ever, both ducti cutthe neonates loose assoonas they dared.
That suited the new childer just fine. They distrusted
outsiders anyway. The castoff neonates formed their own
small pack, the Filth Angels, and invented their own rites
that loosely imitate Sabbat ritae. Two of them Embraced
friends or relatives in turn. Natalio encouraged the Filth
Angels to join El Grito de Dolor, but the garbage-picker
Cainites rebuffed him and all other Sabbat. Recently they
took in Jaggedy Andy, however, and might tolerate other
Cainites who seem as wretched as they are themselves.

The Filth Angelsdwell apartfromall otherCainites. They
feed upon the mortal garbage-pickers, or any homeless person
who wanders too near the dump atnight. The garbage-pickers
fear the monsters who used to be their kin, but they fear the
Mexico City police justasmuch. At least the Filth Angelshave
a reason to keep the garbage-pickers alive; the police would
rather kill them outright. Jaime Sangriento, the leader of the
Filth Angels, also tells them horror-stories about the stronger
monsters that walk the night —like the ones who tured them
into the undead. Only the Filth Angels, he says, can defend the
garbage-pickers from the terrifying Sabbat.

So far, no one cares enough to try exterminating the Filth
Angels. Any Cainite who tries might find a shock. At the

Chapter Tote: CHARACTERS

49

behestofthe Filth Angels, the garbage-pickersstockpile home-
made spears, machetes and torches, and build simple deadfall
traps in the hills of refuse. The living and undead garbage-
pickers know their squalid little realm extremely well, and can
appear from and disappear into dozens of hiding-places.

La CRuz pe MACHETES

(THe Macnete Cross)

This small pack dates back to the 1980s. It began
when liberation theology met the Sabbat. For centuries,
the Roman Catholic Church acquiesced to Latin America's
gross inequalities of wealth and power (when it was not
actively complicit). The liberation theology movement
argued that the Church ought to challenge the established
power elites and fight for human rights. Of course, many
ideologies about "fighting the power" appeal to the Sabbat.
Not all inductees lose their mortal religious and political
convictions upon experiencing the Embrace, as evidenced
by the fact that Sabbat packs have fought on both sides of
every Latin insurgency of the past century.

Father Corbacho, a village priest in Guatemala, was
Embraced specifically for his religious and political radicalism.
A Lasombra used him as a catspaw in a scheme to sabotage a
rival's plantation. The undead priest played his part like a good
little dupe, then set out on his own. He joined a few other
Cainite insurrectionists to form the Machete Cross. The pack
took direct action against rich landlords, exploitative foreign
companies, oppressive military commandersand such ilk. The
members Embraced new childer, and occasionally fell to the
Beast or the rifles of private guards or military death squads.

In 1989 the pack made a pilgrimage to the basilica of
Our Lady of Guadalupe and never got around to leaving
Mexico City. Father Corbacho, now near Wassail, heard
the message of the Path of Night from the abyss mystic
Zadkiel. The priest — who still thought of himself as
Catholic — would not "stoop to learn from a Jew," but
found another teacher who imparted the rudiments of the
Path. Several years later, the Tzimisce scientist Dr. de
Sancha asked the Machete Cross to take in his mad childe
Father Rosen. The pack agreed, out of respect for a priest.
When Father Corbacho finally slid into Wassail and had
to be destroyed, Father Rosen took over as pack priest.

The Machete Cross combines piety with crude vigilan-
tism and sensational violence. Its members believe that
they are God's scourge upon the wicked. They murder
wealthy people whom they regard as oppressors or exploiters
of the people, take their money and fence their possessions.
Victims range from drug dealers to businessmen and politi-
cians. The Cross gives the proceeds to religious charities or
directly to the poor. None of the members are very stable—
though a few hover ata very low Humanity —so they are
not too picky about their choice of victims or vessels. If
anyone kills an "innocent" vessel by accident, Father Rosen
assigns 10 Hail Marys and a charitable act of contrition.

The pack does not fear to fight fellow Cainites, either.
They may attack Sabbat who damage churches, exploit

the poor (apart from feeding on them) or kill priests,
monks or nuns. Characters can encounter the Machete
Cross because of their depredations, or in the course of
their "charity work" and "revolutionary struggles."

Zadkiel looks in on the Machete Cross every few
months. The abyss mystic hopes that he can penetrate
Father Rosen's madness and lead him to the Path of Night.
So far, however, no one in the pack has made the full
conceptual leap from Humanity to Path. Failing that,
Zadkiel figures that when he needs some expendable
pawns he can direct through his persuasive talents, the
Machete Cross can fit the bill.

The Machete Cross communal haven consists of a
church in Gustavo A. Madero delegation that partly
collapsed in the 1985 earthquake. The pack sleeps in the
crypt, while Father Rosen keeps his religious accouter-
ments in an intact vestry.

LAS HERMANITAS DE ZILA

(Lirtre Sisters OF ZILLAH)

This lowly pack has gained new prestige because of its
priest Josefa. These female vampires describe themselves
as Noddists, but their approach is more pietistic than
scholarly. Like their supposed Second Generation name-
sake, they consider themselves to be "childer and brides of
Caine" — undead nuns. The Little Sisters see themselves
as humble servants of the Sabbat and therefore of Caine.
They eschew the Sabbat's usual militarism and avoid the
sect's internecine struggles. Instead, they seek to spread
the word of Caine to all his descendants.

To this end, the pack sponsors readings from the Book
of Nod with commentary from noted Cainite scholars.
Members also hand-copy sections of the Book of Nod as a
pious act and paint icons of Caine, the martyred Second
Generation and Saulot, the "good Antediluvian" who
obeyed Caine (and is believed safely destroyed). They
trade these items for minor boons. Hermanita icons and
copies of the Book of Nod may travel far beyond Mexico
City because of the pack's most remarkable pious activity.

The Hermanitas do not care about the Sabbat's Jyhad
against the Camarilla and the ancients. Instead, they con-
centrate upon the prophesied night when Caine shall judge
all his descendants. The Hermanitas de Zila train mission-
aries who spread the word of Caine to the ignorant vampires
of the Camarilla and independent clans. A member leaves
‘on such a mission once every few years, so the Hermanitas
see high turnover. Their communal haven holdsa list ofthe
missionaries and how each met her martyrdom.

The pack originated some time in the late ninteenth
century. Its history remains somewhat obscure because
Sabbat internal conflicts and surges in missionary callings
have nearly destroyed the pack several times. In 1964, just
cone Hermanita survived to begin the pack anew. Las
Hermanitas de Zila now has six members, and only one
member has been a Cainite longer than Josefa. The pack
never received status asa founded coven because of this lack

‘Mexco Cry ay Nicat

50


of continuity. The pack once had a male counterpart, Los
Hermanitos de Enoch, but the last members met their end
in 1993 when they tried to proselytizea Camarillaconclave.
Las Hermanitas maintains amicable relations with El
Calpulli Rojo. Some of Mexico City's Noddists donate
money to support its works, and might venture a diffident
word in the pack's defense. Las Hermanitas say nice things
about them in return, however, the pack has noreally strong
allies. Its current haven is a rotting house in Iztapalapa.

Los NiNos Heroes
(THe Boy Heroes)

Every Mexican schoolchild knows about Los Nitios
Heroes, the six military cadets who leaped to their death
rather than surrender to invaders from the United States.
They are one of Mexico's great symbols of fervor and gal-
lantry. Teresita, the diminutive Nosferatuantitribu who trains
potential Black Hand cadets, offers them as role models for
her students. These neonates form her coven, though few
Cainites stay for more than five years before graduating into
theBlack Hand orsuffering Final Death. Teresitais their pack
priest and ductus as well as their commanding officer. The
little dominion currently seeks a new batch of trainees.

The Nifios Heroes dwell in the cellar of a building that
collapsed in the 1957 earthquake. The kine replaced the
building, but the Sabbat arranged to have the old cellar sealed
away. Access now comes through the storm drains. The cellar
isdivided into several chambers forsleeping, trainingandritae
Teresita keeps the haven clean and well lit: She says that Blood
Feasts are no excuse for dirt and stink. Her private boudoir
features four-poster bed with lace curtains and delicate tables
crammed with knickknacks and vases of flowers.

PARTIDO DEVOLUCIONARIO
INSTITUCIONAL (INSTITUTIONAL

DevoLuTIONary Party)

This coven's name is a play on the name of Mexico's
longest-lived and most successful political party. The
bishop who calls himself General Perfidio Dios leads the
coven as its ductus and chief intellectual, with the de-
bauched and enigmatic Caridad de Flores as pack priest.

The coven's parish is a small courthouse in south-central
Mexico City. The 1985 earthquake did not damage the
courthouse too seriously, but General Perfidioarranged to have
it condemned and abandoned. About a half-dozen Cainites
share the courthouse, while more than a dozen other Cainites
associate with the PDI more loosely. The PDI also operates a
sports center for Cainites in the same neighborhood.

The PDI strongly supports the Sabbat's war against the
Camarilla. Every year it sends small pack intoa Camarilla-
held city to gather intelligence. General Perfidio trades this
information to the Black Hand in return for boons, while
Caridad helps the Hand with unusual assassinations. Gen-
eral Perfidio also argues that the Sabbat should involve itself
in mortal business and government to a greater degree.

LAs EMBLEMAS (THe Bances)

In many ways, this coven has the dirtiest job in all of
Mexico City: These Cainites must clean up after all the
others. When crazed Sabbat rip out throats on the Paseo de
la Reforma, when a fleshcrafted horror terrorizes a shop-
ping mall, when a millionaire's son becomes the guest of
honor at a Blood Feast, someone has to hide the indiscre-
tion lest the kine discover the Sabbat.

Las Emblemas began with Captain Isidro de Saldanha.
This cop-turned-Lasombra protected the Sabbat from its
own carelessness for 30 years before the consistory granted
him his first deputy. Once or twice a decade, Captain
Isidro finds another Cainite willing to join the coven.

Most of the Badges' work deals with mortals. They dress in
awide variety of uniformsand flash police badgesorcivilservice
ID to gain access to victims, crime scenes, police stations and
government offices. Members erase the memories of witnesses
and investigators, destroy paperwork and physical evidence,
and cajole, bribe or Dominate governmentofficials into quash-
ing investigations. After a visit from a Badge member, news
directorsdecide thatastory istooabsurd torun. Ifnecessary, the
Badges set up a mortal criminal to take the blame for a Sabbat
atrocity. After a bit of Cainite influence, their chosen petty
thug may himself believe he committed the crime. In extreme
cases, the Badges kill to protect the Sabbat's secrets; Captain
Isidro dislikes this because killing people involved with a
strange crime tends to attract even more attention.

When the regent ordained Las Emblemas as a founded
pack, she ordered all Sabbat to cooperate with them in
covering up indiscretions. Failure to do so would violate the
Code of Milan's stricture for Sabbat to protect each other
from the sect'senemies. Asa token of theirauthori
members receive a ritual brand on their forearms, using the
same process that marks members of the Black Hand. The
stylized badge of Las Emblemas, however, commands far less
respect than the Black Hand's mark. Many Loyalist Sabbat
consider Las Emblemasa special betrayal of the sect's ideals.
Emblemas pack members who suffer Final Death usually do
so at the fangs, claws, torches or chainsaws of other Sabbat

Las Emblemas accepts any Cainite who sufficiently im-
presses Captain Isidro. Some Cainitesask to join. Captain Isidro
may pressure neonates with special skills to become deputies of
the pack. He has few threats to use on reluctantneonates, but he
is persistent. The coven currently boasts about half a dozen
members from a variety of clans. No member besides Captain
Isidro has been a Cainite more than a few decades.

THe SCHICHIRIEL

The "Black Ones of God" consist of the abyss mystic
Zadkiel ben Aton and his disciples. Members study the
Path of Night, abyss mysticism, or both. Disciples often go
for weeks without contacting other members, and Zadkiel
does not insist that his disciples renounce membership in
other packs or covens.

The small, loose-knit coven hasa subterranean haven
somewhere in the Mexico City storm drain system. Some

Canoren Three: CHaRacters

51

of the Nosferatu antitribu know where it is, but they charge
a hefty fee to disclose its location. The haven is a large
brick vault crisscrossed with pipes. A stream of water
constantly falls into a central pool. The disciples sleep on
bare slabs of brick and stone, while moisture-proof cabi-
nets hold Zadkiel's occult texts and tools forritae. Pedestals
support 10 statues of gods and goddesses of death and
darkness, each bearing a Hebrew word on their forehead.

The pool is actually a well 100 feet deep. Zadkiel
sleeps in the bottom of the pool. Five abyssal entities haunt
the depths of the well and attack anyone except Zadkiel
who descends more than 20 feet into the black, unnatu-
rally icy waters. See Chapter Five for infomation about
abyssal entities and abyss mysticism.

UNIVERSIDAD DE NOCHE
(University oF NIGHT)

One of Mexico City's loosest associations consists of
several Cainites with interests in science, orsomething that
looks like science. Doctor de Sancha opens his personal
haven to meetings of the University of Night, so the
members can share their research. Members are welcome to
bring guests, whether fellow scientists or interested layper-
sons. The Universidad's leading members, de Sancha and
his sire Efrain Sortano, take a classically Tzimisce offense to
gate-crashers. Most members also feel at least a mild con-
tempt for sorcerers, and the pack's name is a deliberate
challenge to the "University" of the lost Tremere antitribu.

Dr. de Sancha built his laboratory-haven in an aban-
doned factory in Azcapotzalco delegation; the police never
visit his neighborhood of industrial derelicts. The factory
floor is now an operating theater. The doctor built a row
of small, sturdy cells in his factory and fills them with
kidnapped victims who serveas both lab animals and herd.

EL Gritope DOLOR
(THe Cry or Pain)

Literally "The Cry of Pain," this coven's moniker is also a
play on words, echoing the Grito de Dolores, the call for
independence from Spain launched by Miguel Hidalgo in 1810
from the town of Dolores, northwest of the capital. El Grito is
the pack of Bishop Natalio, and its name captures his blend of
Sabbat philosophy and Mexican revolutionary nationalism.

El Grito is one of several unusually large packs that call
Mexico City home. BeyondNataliohimself, itincludesa core
of six of his most trusted fellows and a dozen others whose
commitment is still being tested. The core members partici-
pate in the Vaulderie most often and serve as "visiting priests"
among the loose packs of eatos and chicas who follow Natalio's
lead in the shantytowns and Mexican hinterland.

Los H€CHICEROS DEL TEOCALLI

(THeSORCERERSOFTHE TEOCALLI)

"The Sorcerers of the Teocalli" (the old Aztec ritual
district around the current Zécalo) area loose association of

occultists and mystics who have picked up the pieces of the
disappearance of the Tremere antitvibu. The young koldun
Esteban del Agua y Tierra and the Lazarene Viuda Blanca
are the two most well-known, and they form a coven of two.
Other hechiceros gravitate around them, bound by interest
in the arcane lore and the wisdom of the Final Nights. Their
associates include many Noddists, as well as the Malkavian
Bishop Rodolfo and his student Eliza Villanova.

Er CatputLt1 Rojo
(THe Rep Famny)

During the extended conflict between Spanish-Em-
braced gachupin Sabbat and creole Sabbat, several packs fell to
Final Death in the intemecine sect fighting of the eighteenth
century. Frances Derossi, a Brujah antitribu with moderate
leanings, was furious over the needless waste. The Camarilla
still posed a grave threat, but the Lasombra and Tzimisce
continued feuding while mortal politics managed to affect
many Brothers and Sisters of Caine who still bore mortal
grudges. Derossi believed in the Sabbat, but was not support-
ive of the savagery inherent in those Cainites stalking the
New World. He believed violence wasa tool, nota habit, and
certainly did not condone its prolific usage among sect
members. Something had to be done, and while Derossi had
few illusions of grandeur, he knew he would have to serve as
an example if only to save other Cainites like himself who
found themselves caught in the middle of sect feuds.

Armed with the conviction of his beliefs, Fran
slowly purchased tracts of land ftom poor farm
supplement income from failed crop harvests and floods.
Although it required a few years to buy the handful of acresand
interconnect some of the haciendas into a walled compound,
Detossicreateda communal haven for Cainites willingtoserve
the sect but uncomfortable with the Sabbat's violent tenden-
cies. Eventually, the gathered Cainitesbecame an interim pack
forthose bereft ofa group or uncertain who they wished to join,
Derossi called this pack El Calpulli Rojo or "The Red Family."

Although Derossi met Final Death in 1971, his neutral
haven for Cainites seeking alternatives within the sect re-
mains. Derossi also financed the construction of a newer
compound, but itis currently in dilapidated condition thanks
to decades of neglect, thinning financial resources and the
1985 quake. Fortunately for ElCalpulli Rojo, RegentGalbraith
declared it a Founded Pack. They also enjoy the support of
Bishop Natalio, who appreciates the merit of their function.

El Calpulli Rojo's main objective is to provide a haven for
Sabbat looking to escape the sects violent nature. While the
pack currently comprises four permanent members, the com-
pound sees as many as seven visitors at a time, with guests
residing there from weeks to months. Most vampires who
remain a year or more become permanent members. The
compound is open to anyone seeking sanctuary and who
willingly takesan oath not tocommit violence within its wall.
Unfortunately, thisis mostly perfunctory since, often, the only
punishment for such transgressions is banishment from the
compound. Still, with the regentandanotable bishop support

‘Mexico Cry sy Nica

52

ing the endeavor, few Cainites are stupid enough to enter the
communal haven with the express purpose of wreakinghavoc.

Meanwhile, pack ductus Joseph O'Grady scouts out
other packs and factions, trying to find permanent havens
and Paths of Enlightenment best suited for the compound's
residents. Many wind upasadministratorsforRegentGalbraith
orthe bishops, as information gatherers for the Inquisition or
aslibrariansfor the occult-minded Los Hechicerosdel Teocalli.

While many Brothers and Sisters in Caine frown upon
the "spineless" members of El Calpulli Rojo, few deny the
secondary service the pack providesin keeping their Cainite
wards loyal to the sect. El Calpulli Rojo conducts ritae like
the Vaulderie, as well as Sermons of Caine, and requires all
members and guests to attend these functions; the pack
surrenders anyone who refuses participation in various
Sabbat rites over to the Inquisition as heretics. While
O'Grady dislikes such extreme and final measures, he knows
his group walks a thin line despite their support. Should
anyone ever accuse El Calpulli Rojo of heresy or undermin-
ingthe cause, both Regent Galbraith's and Bishop Natalio's
support will evaporate. As such, O'Grady offers the Inqui-
sition full cooperation and disclosure asa preemptive measure
against any accusations leveled against his group.

ENCAPUCHADOS
(Hoopep Ones)

The sect has long maintained its aversion to and
dissimilarities with mortals: The kine are fodder, the kine
are weak, the kine are playthings, etc. Unfortunately, the
Sabbat sometimes relies too heavily on defining itself ac-
cording to how it differs from mortals. Hardly surprising,
therefore, that some Sabbat don't bother with such descrip-
tions, and go about pursuing wholly material and personal
agendas. It's even less surprising that these few buck the
trend further, and remain active in mortal organizations.

The Encapuchados, or Hooded Ones, trace their
beginning to the early 90s, when the Gulf Cartel was still
partof Mexico's big four, and Judrez Cartel kingpin Amado
Carrillo Fuentes was the most powerful drug baron in
Mexico. At that time, the Tijuana Cartel under the
Arellano Felix brothers was riding high following its 1993
assassination of Guadalajara's Catholic Cardinal Juan
Jesus Posadas-Ocampo. The assassination impressed a
Mexico City pack called Los Muertos Alegres (The Happy
Dead), who Embraced two local gangsters from the Tijuana
Cartel. The two men, Carlos Diaz and Miguel Orozco,
became True Sabbat and quickly earned reputations for
their efficiency and brutality. They also, however, re-
mained loyal to the notion of making money.

Over time, Didéz and Orozco convinced their packmates
thattheundirected violence inherentamong younger Sabbat
was like charity: Nobody profited. Instead, Los Muertos
Alegres focused on inflicting lucrative misery, whether it was
running prostitution rings with ghoul hookers (they healed
with ease and their need for vitae kept them servile), selling
drugs to mortals or engaging in kidnappingschemes (contrib-

uting to the Mexican "cottage industry" that as a whole earns
$165 million in ransoms each year). Didz and Orozco argued
that while the Sabbat prided itself on its independence and
freedom from mortal concerns, money still talked and inde-
pendence couldn't buy fine suits or expensive cars without
resorting to the scavenger existence of theft. Los Muertos
Alegres made a fortune, and its members liked being rich.
That's when Diaz and Orozco convinced their packmates to
sell their services to Benjamin Arellano Felix. They would
protect the Tijuana Cartel's interests and territory in Mexico
City against the Gulf, Sonora and Juarez Cartels, and they, in
turn, would be rich Cainites.

For three years, the newly christened Encapuchados
worked for the Tijuana Cartel as enforcers, hit-men and
couriers, reaping substantial profits while providing the
cartel with some of its reputation as a ruthless syndicate.
Unfortunately, this also earned it censure from the Sabbat
bishops, who discovered and disapproved of the
Encapuchados' dabblings with mortal concerns so heavily.
Faced with sect sanction and possibly destruction, Diéz and
Orozco once again provided their pack with an alternative
direction that would allow them to reap some profit while
serving the Sabbat in a satisfactory manner. They would
seize the cartel's massive methamphetamine operations
supplying narcotics to North America, thus using the drug
pipeline to gain stronger Sabbat footholds in US cities
where the supply chains turned into distribution networks.

So far, though, the plan is not progressing well. The
Tijuana Cartel is a juggernaut with ties all the way into
Mexico's presidential office, which is proving stubborn and
justas ruthless as the Sabbat, and the Encapuchados have yet
to take any of the major drug producing factories or distribu-
tion networks. Meanwhile the bishops watch the
Encapuchados to ensure their behavior benefits the sect.
Under such scrutiny and desperate for some success, Diéz and
Orozco are now pursuing alternatives including picking up
the pieces left behind by the disintegrating Gulf Cartel,
which once supplied the US with a third of its cocaine. With
the arrest of cartel members across the continent, the Gulf
syndicate is losing power rapidly, and rumors claim the once-
allied Cali Cartel in Columbia, which pipelines cocaine
through Mexico, grows chummier with the Judrez Cartel
every day. The Encapuchados are hoping to pick up stray
supply lines used by the Gulf Cartel and grow from there.

CHARACTERS

LASOMBRA

Cuar.es VI, THE Peopie's Cuorce
8th generation, childe of Chlodobert the Lame
Clan: Lasombra
Nature: Rogue
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Embrace: 1236
Apparent Age: Mid-30s

(Corarren Thre: CHARACTERS

53

Neonates who hearaboutCharles Vloftenask ifthe Sabbat
really Embraced a king. If Charles' plans work, it will have.

Charles Delmare followed a fairly common course fora
young Lasombra in the Renaissance. In life he was a French
knight who distinguished himself by fighting on both sides
of the Albigensian Crusade. Such enterprise attracted the
notice of a Lasombra lord, who Embraced Charles rather
than let him die ofa fever. Charles then fought on both sides
of the Anarch Revolt until his grandsire discovered his
double-dealingand warned otherelders. After that, Charles
had to commit to the anarchs. In the aftermath of the
rebellion, Charles joined a pack that rampaged through the
south of France for several decades, then overran a small
town in the Central Massif. When the Sabbat moved to the
New World, Charles followed.

The Lasombra knight became a bishop in Montreal,
then an archbishop in French Guiana. Thanks to machi-
nations of enemies within the sect, in 1808 Charles
became the sixth cardinal to claim sway over the Sabbat in
South America. The previous five cardinals all suffered
Final Death within five years of their appointment, cour-
tesy of South America's werecats, werespiders and
were-God-knows-what-all-else. Everyone wondered how
long "Charles the Sixth" would last. To everyone's sur-
prise, Charles lasted 150 years before he retired to the
consistory asa priscus. He joined the junta that appointed
Melinda Galbraith to the regency.

Charles VI tries to be all things to all Cainites. He
joins the Ulera-Conservatives in arguing for more central-
ized power, but reaches out to moderates and listens to the
concerns of neonates. He rallies the Loyalists with fiery
speeches about elder tyranny, though never about Sabbat
elders; he arranges the destruction of neonates who ac-
tively oppose his fellow elders, and so places those elders
in his debt. Charles expects to become regent himself
some night, and that night cannot come too soon for him
—for the hour is late and the Sabbat's enemies are strong.

For centuries, Charles thought that power was its own
purpose and reward. Through his decades as cardinal, how-
ever, Charles realized that the Camarilla and Sabbat knew
only a fraction of what haunted the night. He met Cainites
from India and Africa who held traditions and grudges that
did not fit into the Sabbat's worldview of Jyhad. His agents
collected information about the continent's shape-shifters,
though very littleabout them made sense. Ghosts, sorcerers,
things without a name — more than he had imagined.

Ifhe could find so much in less than two centuries, how
much did the Antediluviansknow?Howcouldhebesure that
the Ancients limited theit machinations to their childer?

Charles seeks to reshape the Sabbatasa disciplined army
because only that, he thinks, can defeat the Ancients and
whatever minions they may possess. The abyss mystics of his
own clan frighten him because they deliberately open them-
selves to unknowable, alien powers. Serpent of the Light
houngans and koldun sorcerers apparently make the same rash
mistake. The Sword of Caine must not invite fifth columnists

into its centers of power! Charles helped unleash the Inqui-
sition to purge the Sabbat of infernalism, and when he
becomes regent, he intends to grant it even wider powers.

Charles also believes that the Sabbat must gain more
influence over mortal business, politics and organized
crime. He spends an hour a night with his revenant "man
of affairs," trying to learn modern financial practice. Many
Mexican city and federal officials know Charles as a rich
man who can make or break careers, though they think
he's a Mexican Mafia kingpin or old-money aristocrat.

The Lasombra elder stands 5'4" tall, with a stocky
build, a square, bony face and a winning smile. He has
shoulder-length auburn hair worn pinned back, and a
short beard and mustache. He wears a brown suit and
fedora, with flashy cufflinks, tie tack, watch-chain and
jeweled rings. He loves fine clothes, though he refuses to
change his wardrobe's style more than once every 50-100
years, and the last time came in 1935.

Charles dwells in a mansion in Lomas de Chapultepec.
His old suit of armorstands by the main staircase (as he hasn't
wom it in centuries). Hundreds of portraits further adorn the
house: Once or twice year, Charles hires painterso he can
see if his appearance has changed. It never has, but he still
worries. When the burden of deceit grows too great, however,
Charles retreats to a small, bare room paneled in mirrors. A
few hours spent looking at the infinitely multiplied absence
of himself leaves Charles drained and despairing enough to
commit any treachery or abomination for the sake of power.

ELeIser DE DOLANCO, ENVOY OF MOTHER SPAIN
7th generation, childe of Hector Aguilera
Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 1031

Apparent Age: late 30s

History isastrange mistress indeed. What, he often asks
himself, is a Castilian caballero like Don Eleiser de Polanco
doing walking around in the nightsof the early 2stcentury?
Certainly that was not the destiny he saw for himself in
those far-off days of his mortal life, when he rode against the
Moor and claimed lands for his family and lords. Visions of
praying in medieval Toledo still come unbidden to his days
of cold, dead slumber and he wakes an hour after dusk with
a hunger for light he cannot admit to any of the monsters
about him. But Fate has dealt this child of Castilla la Vieja
the hand it has, and he has no choice but to play it

A millennium ago, when he was first brought into the
night, it was as service to lords more powerful than any kingor
caliph hehadknown. Then it wasas the unlivingpower-broker
of Toledo in the nights of the War of Princes, a time of
conquest, intrigue and revelry that still brings a smile to his
flawless face. But if that war was fought by princes like him, it
was fought for elders who saw them all as game pieces to be
sacrificed and consumed. The Camarilla calls the Third Gen-
eration a myth, but Don Polanco thrice traveled to Sicily to
stare over Montano's shoulder at the Founder itself. The

‘Mexico Cir By Nicat

54


darkness there was like nothing else, a hunger to consume
absolutely everything. If that was what he served, de Polanco
hadno more interest in service. Thus when the flames of revolt
spread actoss the clan, he stood with Gratiano and helped the
greatdiableristenter the Castle of Shadows tocommithisgreat
crime. He remembers with a chill the smile on the Eldest's face
when the final act took place, the satisfaction that one of his
childer had, at long last, bested his father.

Over the centuries, de Polanco has been accused
many times of being an unliving relic. He flirted with
unlife among the scattered antitribu immediately after the
Convention of Thorns, but those wretches seemed only to
dream of past glories. In the seventeenth century, he
returned to the bosom of the clan and helped to found Los
Reyes de las Sombras — the Kings of Shadow — a
movement among Lasombra to salvage their tradition of
subtle, quiet manipulation of humanity in the service of
the purportedly inhuman Sabbat. Los Reyes brought reli-
able resources to the regent and cardinals, and a way to
counter the efforts of the Camarilla. They also provided
Lasombra elders with a way to ensure that the various
Toreador antitribu and Tzimisce revenants didn't gain a
stranglehold on mortal institutions in Sabbat domain
Forde Polanco, Los Reyes gave him a way to serve his clan
and advance the laudable goals of the sect (such as sur-
vival) while distancing himself from the petty tyrannies of
crusades and the delusion of the Paths of Enlightenment

Still a child of the Reconquista at heart, de Polanco
moved to the wilder frontier of the New World soon after
founding Los Reyes. This had the great advantage of putting
distance between himselfand Archbishop Mongada, whose
power in Madrid was stifling, He operated out of Argentina,
Chile and Peru, fighting the Camarilla when necessary, and
always ensuring that a certain amount of the colonial
revenues made it into Sabbat coffers. First sea and then air
transport made his existence far more mobile in the nine-
teenth and twentieth centuries, and he abandoned holding
specific territory, becoming an emissary at large for those
cardinals who understood the importance of a pliable mor-
tal herd and the usefulness of a flush bank account.

When Mongada, by then a cardinal, ended up on the
losing side of an Assamite's blade in 2000, de Polanco held
aquiet Blood Feast in which the victims were all priests he
deemed corrupt. He flirted with the idea of settling in
Spain again, perhaps in Toledo, but fate had other things
instore for him. He participated in the Court of Blood that
judged Mongada's childe Lucita, an infamous antitribu, for
complicity in the death of her sire. He watched her make,
and perhaps helped along, the same realization he had
made so long ago: that despite its numerous faults and
excesses, the Sabbat was really the only hope a Lasombra
had to survive these Final Nights. He supported her in
assuming Mongada's old archbishopric, and when she
looked for a representative in Mexico, he stepped forward

De Polanco has been in Mexico less than a year and
spent most of it untwisting the knots of rivalries and
paranoia that grip the sect's heart. Lucita's main concern

has been tobe left alone to cement her new position, and in
that de Polanco has served her well. His analysis that the
Sabbat hold on much of the East Coast of the United States
is largely untenable in the long term was met with scoffs and
challenges from some, but quiet understanding from the
cardinals who authorized the Kings of Shadow to undertake
some efforts to stabilize the situation — efforts de Polanco
had already initiated months earlier. He has also supported
those focusing on strengthening other Sabbat holdings,
such as Detroit, Montreal and even Mexico itself, to avoid
another debacle like the fall of New York. In arguing his
case, he has come to suspect that Regent Galbraith has
somehowbecomea thrall tothe Salamanca brood of Grimaldi
revenants, to whom she allows a great deal of freedom and
protects with an iron hand. Thisbears further investigation,

ZADHIEL BEN ARON, THE ABYSS Mystic
Background: Zadkiel's history extends long before
his birth. When Spain and Portugal expelled their
Sephardic Jewish populations, many Sephardim fled to
Brazil, where they discovered that country's diamond
mines. Later, Portugal purged Brazil in turn. The re-exiled
Jews moved to the Low Countries and New York, bringing
the diamond trade with them. This time, however, the
Portuguese missed a few Sephardim who pretended to
convert to Roman Catholicism. A few false conversos
stayed in the diamond trade and became very rich. Zadkiel
was born to a family of these "hidden Jews." His family's
wealth enabled him to seek a first-rate education in
Holland — ostensibly as a lawyer, but also as a rabbi.
Another group fled Iberia along with the Sephardim.
At about the same time, the Sabbat Lasombra tightened
theirgrip on the Iberian night. Some of the nascent Lasombra
antitribu hid among other exiles to establish lineages in
Brazil. One such lineage chose Zadkiel for his erudition.
The Schichiriel lineage followed an abyssal version of
the mystical Kabbalah, which was itself another export

Cornrren Taree: CHarAcTens

55

with the Sephardim. Kabbalism speaks of 10 "emanations"
that manifest aspects of the otherwise unknowable
Godhead. For every light, however, there isa shadow. One
school of kabbalism posits that each positive emanation
from God creates a corresponding negative emanation of
sin, evil and unbeing. The Schichiriel, the Black Ones of
God, pursued mystic comprehension of divinity through
these negative emanations or qlippoth, for they believed
that God contained all evil as well as all good.

The Sabbat found South America difficult to invade,
in part because of the Lasombra antitribu. In 1803, how-
ever, a Lasombra came to Brazil who could match the
antitribu in cunning and exceed them at lies. Charles
Delmare, sixth Cainite to attempt the cardinalcy of South
America, deceived the Schichiriel and destroyed them.
Zadkiel alone survived by selling himself to Charles.

The grim rabbi served the Sabbat cardinal throughout
his tenure —as faithfully as Montano served the Lasombra
Antediluvian, some said. When Charles' junta broke up in
the aftermath of the third Sabbat civil war, Charles left his
advisor in Brazil. Several years later, however, Zadkiel
came to Mexico City on his own.

In the ensuing decades, Charles found no reason to
suppose that his former advisor resented being cast aside.
Zadkiel became Mexico City's leading teacher of abyss
mysticism, and spiritual advisorto youngandoldLasombra.

Zadkiel rarely involves himself in Sabbat politics and
eschews Jyhad. He speaks only to defend the interests ofother
Cainites who prefer mysticism to fighting the Camarilla.
Other Lasombra awarded him a bishop's recognition simply
because they thought a Keeper of his age and power should
owna title. Zadkiel himself uses no title except "rabbi." He
and Efrain Sortano feel a cool, distant solidarity because of
their teaching roles and neutrality in sect politics.

The abyss mystic is not an easy Cainite to find as he
stalks the city as a shadow. The persistent seeker finds
Zadkiel ready to counsel any Cainite (Sabbat or other-
wise) who suffers under the burden of undeath. Zadkiel
explains the Shadow Side of God. He teaches the Path of
Night inall its forms, and knows enough about other Paths
to counsel their followers as well.

Image: Zadkiel seldom resumes the form ofa man. Even
then, a subtle chill and shadow follow him. He seems dark,
despite the pallorofhisskin. Hestands5'8" tall, withaslender
build and short, gray hair slicked back from a receding
hairline. He dresses all in black, with a flapping black over-
coat. Zadkiel prefers to spend his nights transformed into a
shadow. In this form he looks likea gaunt, manlike silhouette
ofdarkness when he walks orstands. When he movesquickly,
hisovercoatswitlsout likeacowl and his head looks distinctly
birdlike. Feral Claws used while hunting make him look even
more like a huge, predatory bird of tangible darkness.

Roleplaying Hints: You haunt the city asacold enigma
that swoops from the shadows to clutch and feed. Sometimes
you erase your victim's memory. Sometimes you leave your
victim in terror to remember darkness, the Kiss and your

warning to fear God for death can comeatany time. Logically
dissect the Cainites and kine you meet, to show them the
selfish passions and weaknesses that drive their choices. If
they wish to improve themselves, help them, no matter what
they consider improvement. You do not condemn evil; you
condemn thoughtless evil. Ifa person resists self-examination,
inflict all the terror and misery you can devise until he makes
a definite moral choice, even if it is suicide. You do not
command any other Cainite except in self-defense: Let them
make their own choices, and endure the consequences.
Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Aron ben Aretz

Nature: Guru

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1749

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Instruction 4, Intimida-
tion 3, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Performance 2, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Academics 3, Cryptography 2, Expert Knowl-
edge (Talmud) 2, Law 1, Linguistics3 (Hebrew, Portuguese,
Dutch, English), Occult 5, Sabbat Lore 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 5, Obfuscate 2,
Obtenebration 5, Potence 2, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Rituals 1, Sabbat Status 3
Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 3, Courage 2

Morality: Path of Night 6

Willpower: 8

Merits/Flaws: Controllable Night Sight (see Clanbook:
Lasombra). Zadkiel can see in darkness and shadow as if
they were light, but light obscures his vision as if it were
darkness. He can turn this condition on and off at will.

CapTAIN IsIMRO DE SALDANHA,
BISHOP WITH A BADGE

Background: Someone has to keep the cops in line.
Although most of the Sabbat fun and games take place in
the slums, now and then a pack commits an atrocity that
the mortal authorities cannot easily ignore... but Isidrode
Saldanha helps them.

Isidro was a mortal captain among Porfirio Diaz's
federal police. He broke strikes by breaking strikers' heads.
He kept the poor from bothering the rich. He recognized
that some laws do not apply to some people, and he
received money in return for his discretion. He had a wife,
a mistress and several stout children.

Then his children died, one by one. His wife left him for
abutton-maker. His mistress gave him gonorrhea: She was the
mistress of several other men as well. Captain Isidro's scowl
grew fiercerand prisoners in his precinct did not alwayssurvive
his interrogations. His men trembled when he walked by.

‘Mexco Cry ay Nicer

56

At last the author of his misery revealed himself. Don
Vicente had tested adozen other policemen that year, and
only Captain Isidro had not broken. As a reward, Isidro
would receivea new assignment in service to Mexico's true
masters. Of course the captain tried to kill Don Vicente,

but the Cainite knocked the gun from his hand, laughing,
and held Isidro as helpless as a puppy while he drained the
policeman's blood. As compensation, Don Vicente let his
new childe vent his frustration on his former wife and
mistress, held ready for Isidro's first meal.

Isidro learned to obey his new masters. He mastered the
arts of memory-manipulation, bureaucratic snafu and making
evidence disappear. As Mexico City grew, Isidro recruited
assistantstohelpwith the workload. They became LasEmblemas
— the Badges. The consistory rewarded him with the title of
ductus, and then bishop, but he still prefers "Captain."

The Sabbat's policeman does not speak of the quan-
ptain Isidro believes in
order and protecting those in power from the rabble. His
job demands that he protect rabble —and he sees that the
packs running wild through Mexico City are rabble —
from the mortal authorities. He has not lost his distaste for
small-time mortal criminals, either. Whenever possible,
Captain Isidro sets up mortal drug-pushers, muggers, purse-
snatchers or gangsters to take the fall for the Sabbat's
depredations. He openly supports the Ultra-Conservative
cause, in hopes that a centralized Sabbat would rein in the
sect's more brutal and crazed membei

Image: Captain Isidro is a large, strong man with a
pronounced gut, a fleshy face and a heroically bristling
black mustache. He usually wears some sort of uniform,
froma modern police captain toa sewer inspector, all with
the appropriate documentation

Roleplaying Hints: Animalsandfilth. You'resurrounded
byanimals and filth. Speak deferentially to Sabbat of higher
rank, butlet the rabble know that you expect obedience from

dary that he has never resolved. C:

them. The first punk who mouths off gets his arm broken.
That usually keeps the rest in line, even if broken bones don't
mean as much to the undead. And the next smartass who
hears your pack'sname and brays out "Badges? We don'tneed
nosteenking badges!" gets his guts ripped out— those lessons
from your Gangrel deputy have really paid off

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Don Vicente Ortiz y Peralta

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Soldier

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1906

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership
3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Security 1

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Mexico City) 2, Investi-
gation 3, Law 3, Politics 1, Underworld Lore 2
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Potence 3, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Influence 2, Sabbat Status 2
Virtue:
Morality: Humanity 4
Willpower: 4

Caripap Dt FLores, THE FLOWER OF NIGHT

Background: The Cainite who now calls herself "Charity
of Flowers" has won unusual respect for such a young vampire;
she was Embraced only 70-odd years ago. She distinguishes
herself as a member of the Black Hand and as a priestess and
teacher of the Cathari Path. She calls herself a gardener.

Caridad's story began in the 1920s. She came from a
very rich family and turned her young life into an endless
round of dances, parties and cruises. She spent as much
time in Paris, New York and the nascent Hollywood as in
her native Mexico City. When she returned to her home
town, she taught her more straight-laced, traditionally
Catholic peers how the '20s roared. Yes, she shocked
them... but they usually invited her back.

The Great Depression struck Mexico as well as the U.S.
There would be no more cruises to Europe or dancing ‘til
dawn for Caridad. Instead, her father arranged for her to
marry an olderman whom he wanted asa business associate.

Her husband treated Caridad asa treasure, something
to show off to other men then lock away. She loathed him.
Cut off from her old social set, Caridad returned to her
childhood interest of gardening. With little else to pass her
time, she became very good at it. Seducing visitors and
their male servants became a spiteful second hobby, just so
she could soil her husband's "treasure." When Caridad
could not stand her husband anymore, she combined her
interests. She easily duped the butler into giving the old
man a poison she concocted herself.

Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Charmer Tote: CHARACTERS

57

Caridad was not quite clever enough. The butler had
loose lips; the police found the residue of the poison. Caridad
faced a noose and the lusts of her jailers. She then received a
nighttime visit from Donna Ferfa. Her situation intrigued the
older vampire. Caridad agreed to become Donna Ferfa's
childe in return for an escape from jail and hanging.

Over the decades, Caridad learned the mysteries of the
Path of Cathari and abyss mysticism. She identified strongly
with Persephone, the Greek goddess of the underworld, a
flower-maiden consigned to a world of death. Over the
decades, Caridad drifted away from Donna Feria to associate
with several packs. She quietly established her own haven,
traveled now and then, and learned how to poison the
undead as well as the living. Eventually someone in the
Black Hand noticed Caridad's talents and she became an
associate to that subsect of warriors and assassins.

Caridad now plays several roles. She serves the PDI as
pack priest. She introducesneonates to the Path of Cathari,
and guides them along the Path as best she can. She
supplies drugs to addicted Cainites. The Assamite sorcerer
Ikraam depends on her for the kalif drug that he uses in his
blood-magic. Once in a while the Black Hand calls on
Caridad to poison some "Kindred" that it wants destroyed.

Caridad prefers, however, to stay near her mansion in
Xochimilco. A gate opens from her extensive, walled gar-
denontoone of Xochimilco'scanals. The mansion's windows
are bricked up on the inside, with cunning paintings on the
glass to counterfeit views of an interior. Caridad removed
most of the interior floors to create a second, indoor garden
lit by grow-lamps. Flowers, shrubs and vines twine around
and through the cadavers of her victims, and perfume
mingles with the stench of rot. Many of the flowersare black
or odd silver-gray hues. In the center grows a pomegranate
tree that C | fertilizes with her own vitae. The garden
also includes potent, drug-producing plants, of which opium

poppies and mandrakes are the least exotic. Among the

plants and cadavers loll a dozen or so mortal addicts,
stupefied by drugs and the gifts of the Damned.

Few Sabbat consider the Charity of Flowers much of a
political player. The elders may employ her in the short term,
but they think that she is too erratic to make much of a long-
termally orseriousrival. Caridad doesnot want to be thought
ambitious. The local Black Hand leaders know better, but
they realize that Caridad seeks the sort of behind-the-s
influence that does not make her a target for Monomacies.

Image: The Charity of Flowers has pale skin, an oval
face, jet-black hair worn long and loose and a somewhat
zaftig figure. She wears loose robes or caftans of translucent
black silk, asilver pomegranate pin and flowers in her hai.

Roleplaying Hints

cenes

Neverexplain youractions. Seem

to pursue one pleasure after another without rhyme or
reason. Pepper your speech with enigmatic non sequiturs
about sex, death and flowers. Give random gifts of flowers
Nobody else knows whether you pursue a plan or simply
pursue some nihilistic new debauch.

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Donna Ferfa
Nature: Enigma
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Generation: 11th
Embrace: 1935
Apparent Ag
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2
terfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 1, Performance 3, Professional
Skill (gardening) 4, Security 1, Vamp 4

Knowledges: Academics 1, Black Hand Lore 2, Linguis-
tics (English, French) 2, Medicine 1, Occult 4, Science 3
Disciplines: Dominate 4, Obtenebration 3, Presence |
Backgrounds: Black Hand Membership 2, Herd 3, Re-
sources 2, Rituals 3, Sabbat Status 2

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 3, Courage 3
Morality: Path of Cathari 5
Willpower: 6

early 30s

Sub-

CLova HAINES, THE CAPITALIST OF CAINE
Background: Clova Haines' parents moved from Ja-
maica to New York. She worked hard to escape the slums
and, in time, earned a business degree and found work ata
brokerage house. She could not imagine that one of her
clients was a Lasombra bishop in the retinue of Archbishop
Polonia. Her work sufficiently impressed the bishop, how-
ever, and he made her his personal financial manager. She
spent 10 years as the bishop's doting ghoul before Polonia
ordered her Embraced to better capitalize upon her service
A few years later the Camarilla drove the Sabbat from
New York City. Clova was the only survivor from the
bishop's pack because she felt less blood-inspired loyalty to

Mexco Cry ay Nicat

58

the other members. She ran, hidand finally walked to New
Jersey along the bottom of the Hudson River.

Clova faced the choice of regrouping with Polonia or
setting out on her own. She chose the latter course. Of all

the Sabbat-held citi

s, which offered financial opportuni-
ties to match New York? Clova decided to aim high and
her fortune in Mexico City itself.

Soon after Clova arrived, she realized that her place in
Polonia's extended staffhad insulated her from the more brutal
and raucous aspects of the Sabbat. Mexico City showed her
violence and madness beyond anything she imagined — but
wherecouldshe go? The New York assaultshowed herwhatthe
Camarilla did to her kind. She attended every ritus she could
find and offered her services as a financial planner to the Sons
and Daughters of Caine. Most Cainitesjeered, butnotall. Even
better, she found the Calpulli Rojo coven, which existed
specifically for idiosyncratic Cainites like herself.

Clova Haines now operates the Grupo Triskélion, or
‘Triskelion Group," out of a basement office in Satellite City.
(The company name holds no special significance. Clova
simply liked the three-legged triskelion symbol and thought
thename sounded intriguing.) Clovahas two mortal employ-
eesin her thrall, a bed ina back room anda small but growing
list of Cainite clients. As her clients discover the pride and
pleasure of wealth, the jeering diminishes. Clova looks for-
ward to the night when prisci and archbishops give her the
investment capital to grow into a major investment firm.

Ima Clova is a dark-skinned woman with crinkly,
dark-brown hair that she pulls back in a bun. She dresses
in business suits during work hours. When Clova attends
ritae to drum up business, she loosens up a bit.

set

Roleplaying Hints: Don't let that blood-gods-of-the-
nightshit impress you, or that end-of-the world shit frighten
you. Most of these guys couldn't balance a checkbook
without setting it on fire; if they weren't Cainites, they'd be
on welfare or in jail. They need you, but just don't know it

yet, so let the mockery bounce off your austere smile. Share
the blood, yeah, sure, play along with the rituals so they'll
talk to you. Ditch the jacket, it's too formal. It's not too
different from the wilder parties youremember fromcollege,
after all, or the loopier bonding-games the consultants had
youplay. Think of tas networking. Everybody's dancing, so
join in. Really, some of them are okay beneath the bragging.
Laugh at the jokes, let your hair down. Jump the fire? Why
not? It's kind of fun, really. Oh my, how did you end up
naked and covered in blood-sweat? Ahem. Better find a
shower or a towel before you return to the office.
Clan: Lasombra
Sire: Hector Wilson
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Capitalist
Generation: 12th
Embrace: 1994
Apparent Age: 28
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Expression 1, Leadership 1,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Fire Dancing 1
Knowledges: Academics 3, Computer 3, Finance 4, Law
2, Linguistics 1 (Spanish), Politics 1
Disciplines: Dominate 2, Obtenebration 1, Potence |
Backgrounds: Resources 2, Retainers 2

Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity 5

Willpower: 4

TZIMISCE

SzecHenviJoLAN, MOTHER OF HORRORS

6th generation, childe of Baian

Clan: Tzimisce

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1150

Apparent Age: late 20s

Jolan carries both great shame and great honor in her
lineage. By Embrace, she descends from Lugoj the Bond-
Breaker. By birth, she comes from the Vlaszy family —
Hungarian revenants who fought Lugoj's rebels and were
utterly destroyed. Forsix centuries, Jolén hasused her mother's
surname of Szechenyi (Hungarians traditionally place the
surname first). Ever since her kin's destruction, Jolan has
striven to prove herself a loyal Sabbat and scion of her clan.

Her diligence brought Jolén political and supernatu-
ral power. She performed several prestigious diableries.
Her knowledge of Tzimisce history and tradition has few
equals. She assisted Velya the Vivisectionist, the Sabbat's

Caaoren Tones CHARACTERS

59

mightiest koldun, in developing a purely Discipline-based
method of generating the terrible vozhd war-ghouls. For
this she gained her nickname as the Mother of Horrors.
She also supervises the breeding of Mexico City'srevenants,
and her oversight prevents the Grimaldi from suffering the
same physical and mental degradation as the Bratovitches
and the Zantosas. Few Tzimisce wield greater influence in
a Consistory's debates, or attend more frequently.

Itisn't enough. Jolén knows that some among her clan
still consider her blood tainted. She must show themall that
she is true Tzimisce, perfect Tzimisce, and so she defends her
clan's traditions and heritage at every opportunity. She
supports every Tzimisce's right to absolute power within his
chosen domain, no matter what his age or generation. This
makes her a standard-bearer for the Moderate faction.

For all that Jolin gives lip service to the war against
the Camarilla and the Ancients, she does not believe that
Gehenna is nigh or that the Sabbat must regiment itself.
She takes pride in her many enemies among the Ultra-
Conservative faction, for a Tzimisce is known by the
enemies she defies and destroys... and destroy them she
will, when she completes her great work.

The Mother of Horrors collects children born with
major birth defects. She brings them to a tiny hamlet
called Sechenia in the mountains southeast of Mexico
City. About 20 people seem to live in Sechenia; the actual
number is closer to 60, but the others dwell in a labyrinth
of subcellars and tunnels that connect Jolan's hacienda to
the adobe houses clustered around it.

Jolan subjects all the children to her blood bond. She
corrects the deformitiesofsome adopteesso they can farmand
support the others. The strongest and healthiest children
grow up to become her ghoul bodyguards. On rare occasions,
Jolin even Embraces one of her deformed orphans. These
childer form her coven, and Jolén destroys any other Cainite
whoentersher village. Jolan protectsherchilderand children
as they protect her, and they love her very much.

The Mother of Horrors does not collect deformed
children out of mere eccentricity. She believes that
revenants bred from such stock would possess a greater
potential for Vicissitude — perhaps enough to learn the
Discipline beyond a minimal capacity without the need
for low-generation Cainite vitae. Her experiment has not
yet succeeded. Jolén now offers a reward for a living
Lupine, werecat or other shape-shifter. She hopes that
breeding them into the lineage will unlock the human
form from stasis and create a revenant of perfect mutabil-
ity. Jolén believes that such an achievement will establish
herasaparagon of her clan... and in the meantime, she has
abundant starter material for vozhd. Jolan knows that the
spectacle of a vozhd or three devouring her enemies will
also enhance her reputation

Jolan also owns a house in Coyoacén, staffed by a pair
of her ghouls. She uses it for meetings with other Cainites
and revenants. If Jolin is not in residence, petitioners may
ask the ghouls to send hera message requesting an audience.

The Mother of Horrors prefers to look young, beautiful,
female and mostly human, buteverythingelse can vary. Het
favorite nonhuman forms are snake-haired Medusa and the
avian wingsand legs ofa harpy. She seldom wears more than
a plain white robe. Jolén often appears at consistories
carrying a severely deformed infant — armless or legless,
conjoined twins, or the like —whom she suckles with vitae
from her breast. Joldn also keeps a half-dozen ghoul body-
guards nearby. She reshapes them into Greek-god icons of
masculine beauty, or semi-human mythological creatures
such as headless blemmyes or one-legged sciapods.

ErRAIN SORTANO, THE ZOOKEEPER

Background: Mexico City's Sabbat call Efrain Sortano
the Zookeeper because he claims the 200 in Chapultepec
Park as his personal domain. Any Cainite who wishes to
hunt in the zoo, or feed upon (or play with) its animals,
must join the Zookeeper in a Vaulderie. Sortano is easy to
meet: Just sit quietly on a bench in the zoo, and Sortano
will notice you within the hour.

Sortano was Embraced more than two centuries ago.
He speaks little of his past or his sire, but he claims that the
great naturalist and explorer Alexander Humboldt set him
on his path as a Metamorphosist. The Zookeeper still calls
Humboldt the greatest man he ever met, even if the
naturalist was only mortal. Sortano decided that to dis-
cover the secret of transcending vampirism, he must
understand the animal world from whence humanity
emerged. As he puts it, "You must start at the base of the
mountain before you can scale the heights." Before Sortano
learned the shapeshifting arts of the Gangrel, he used
Vicissitude to warp his own body into animal forms. He
also reshaped one animal into the form of another, people
into animals, or animals into people —all to discover how
much an animal's character survived changes of form. He
seized the zoo as his domain so he could study animals from
around the world.

The Zookeeper's twisted pets proved so useful to the
Black Hand that he became a dominion in that august
body. When stalking and diablerizing Camarilla elders lost
his interest, Sortano attained renown as an exemplar of
Metamorphosist research. The consistory appointed
Sortano to the rank of priscus specifically to represent the
interests of the sect's other Metamorphosists. Although
the Sabbat includes many older and far more powerful
Metamorphosists, most of them are too detached from
worldly affairs to attend consistory meetings.

The very factors that make Sortano known asa great
Metamorphosist ironically limit his advancement in that
Path. The Zookeeper cannot keep the Path's injunction
not to teach. Would-be Metamorphosists find Sortano a
reliable but challenging mentor. He tries to send his pupil
into learning experiences—such as forcing them intone
forms for a week or so — instead of lecturing them about
the Path's philosophy. The city's Sabbatalso recognize the
Zookeeper asa teacher of Disciplines, not least because he
occasionally instructs non-Tzimisce in Vicissitude.

Meno Cry sy NH

60

Both mortal and Cainite politics bore Sortano. He
wields some influence over the z0o's policy and funding, but
he uses other Sabbat as proxies. Although Sortano is less
active in the Black Hand than he once was, now and then he
supplies an animal war-ghoul or reshapes a Cainite soldier
into some deadly abomination. As the Sabbat's youngest
priscus, representing an interest group whose members tend
toward isolation, the Zookeeper's voice carries little weightin
consistory intrigues. Only a sense of duty to his fellow
Metamorphosists keeps Sortano showing up for consistories.

Sortano commands more power than the other prisci
realize, though. Dozens of Sabbat neonates and ancillae
around the world owe him boons for his instruction
Mexico City's followers of the Feral Heart Path respect
Sortano as well. Sortano's "pack" is a loose assortment of
his students or Cainites with an interest in the 200. Most
of them are Tzimisce and Gangrel antitribu; he is also a
member of the University of Night. He can claim five
prestigious diableries of other Cainites, two of which
lowered his generation. His most recent diablerie (in
1978) destroyed a priscus who had threatened to slay him.
Perhaps most importantly, large numbers of Mexico City's
nighttime animals — the feral cats and dogs, the bats and
tats — obey Sortano and serve as his Contacts. So far,
Sortano remains neutral in the Sabbat's political disputes.

Image: The Zookeeper seldom looks the same from
week to week. He takes one animal or half-animal form after
another, but retains speech in all of them. He rarely takes a
fully human form, and no longer remembers what he looked
like in life. A hidden locker in the zoo's maintenance
tunnels holds a change of nineteenth-century clothing,
which Sortano wears on the rare occasions when he must
impersonate a mortal; he prefers to look like an animal.

Roleplaying Hints: You prefer animals to your fellow
Cainites, except for your students. Two centuries are not
enough to plumball the mysteries of the animal world, even

when you can see them from the inside. You are extremely
possessive and protective of the zoo, and keep it stocked
with fine specimens of rare species. Dozens of animals in the
200, and other zoos around the world, used to be humans
before you experimented on them. Sleep in the earth using
your Cainite powers, to stay closer to the natural world.
Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Fyodor Andreyev

Nature: Pedagogue

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1780

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Instruction 3, Intimidation 3

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Body Crafts 4, Fire Dancing 2,
Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2
(German, Russian), Medicine 2, Occult 1, Science 4
Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 2, Fortitude 2, Protean 4,
Vicissitude 4

Backgrounds: Black Hand Membership 2, Contacts 4,
Influence 1, Sabbat Status 4

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instincts 4, Courage 3
Morality: Path of Metamorphosis 6

Willpower: 6

Note: The Zookeeper possesses a combination Discipline
power that enables him to take the form of any animal or
bird between the size of a buffalo and a rabbit. See "Shape
of All Beasts" in Chapter Five.

Dr. VeRMupo DE SANCHA, PAIN SCIENTIST

Background: Most Sabbat know the infamous Sascha
Vykos as the paragon of the Path of Death and the Soul,
but few see that august priscus up close or for long. When
most Mexico City neonates think of Death and the Soul,
they think of Dr. de Sancha, and Sabbat of other clans
consider him an ideal, archetypal Tzimisce.

When the Tzimisce naturalist Efrain Sortanodecided that
he needed to learn more about modem forensic medicine, he
pickedadoctorto teach him. Vermudode Sancha, MD taught
medicine at UNAM, Mexico's premier university. Sortano
picked de Sanchaafter hearing the doctorexplain the necessity
of animal vivisection in medical research and training. Better
that dogsand monkeysand guinea pigssuffer, he said, than that
humans die. Medical discoveries came only through direct
observation of actual living creatures.

Sortano made Dr. de Sancha his ghoul for several
years. Eventually the force of the Blood and the strain of
serving a monster took its toll on de Sancha's sanity. His
experiments, teaching and opinions became... erratic
When two faculty members walked in on Dr. de Sancha

‘Charmer Toe: CHARACTERS

él

vivisecting a man while explaining points of interest to a
large dog, the doctor's career was over. Sortano— the dog
—knewitwas ime either to kill or Embrace his ghoul, and
he chose the latter course.

The Zookeeper hoped that his childe would follow
him into Metamorphosist research. Over the years, how-
ever, de Sancha drifted into different research priorities.
He found the Death and the Soul philosophy more appro-
priate to his work. His fervent research earned him the
nickname of El Torcedor, the Twister, from other Sabbat.

De Sancha now spends his nights in a grisly quest to
understand how pain and mutilation affect the mind, in
both the short and long terms. He has attained some
renown as an interrogator. Sabbat consult de Sancha
when they cannot force a person to talk through Disci-
plines, or simply want to break an enemy's will.

Image: Unlike many Tzimisce, Dr. de Sancha never
uses Vicissitude to alter his appearance. As he says, he's a
scientist, not a sideshow freak. He remains a small, neat
man with gray hair and a short mustache. He wears a gray
business suit, a white lab coat or a green surgical smock.

Roleplaying Hints: Remain courteous, even solici-
tous, while you inflict horrible mutilationson your victims.
Carefully record their suffering. Administer tests before
and after, to measure how their mental abilities change. If
anyone asks why you study pain and death, explain that
you do not cause gratuitous suffering; it's only to help you

understand the vampiric condition. It's better that kine
suffer than that Cainites suffer Final Death or wasteful
torpor because no one knew how to treat them. You
haven't actually found purely surgical procedures that

help wounded Cainites, but you do not give up hope.

Cainites or kine who enter your operating theater will-
ingly can leave healthy and whole. Anyone who deliberately
asks for your medical help is a patient, not a lab animal, and
entitled to the protection of the Hippocratic Oath — even

against other Cainites. Mortal patients, however, receive
merely mundane care, without the use of Vicissitude.
Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Efrain Sortano

Nature: Scientist

Demeanor: Monster

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1943

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 1, Interrogation 4
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Body Crafts 3, Etiquette 1, Melee 1
Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2
(English, German), Medicine 4, Occult 1, Science 3
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 4, Vicissitude 3
Backgrounds: Herd 2, Resources 4, Sabbat Status 2
Virtues: Conviction 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Morality: Path of Death and the Soul 5

Willpower: 5

FatHer YoeL Rosen, SIn-EATER

Background: The Tzimisce researcher Dr. de Sancha
sought to test mortal piety. He abducted a dozen kine who
seemed more than usually religious, and tortured them. Oneby
cone his test subjects cursed God, and Dr. de Sancha gave them
the release of death. At last only Father Yoel Rosen remained
alive. This elderly priest's faith seemed to grow as the torment
continued. One night he forgave his torturer, and his forgive-

ded Dr. de Sancha like fire. Fascinating!
One experiment remained: To pit Rosen's faith against
the Curse of Caine directly. Dr. de Sancha Embraced Father
Rosen. The priest knew he was damned the first time he fed,
and saw the child he had slain in his hunger. He prayed that
God might strike him dead. His prayer was not answered.

Father Rosen tried to starve himself, but his hunger
always overpowered his will in the end. In the long nights,
he prayed unceasingly for forgiveness or destruction. Atlast,
miserable and near torpor, Father Rosen receiveda vision of
Christon the cross, suffering to take sin from humanity. The
priest's dead flesh rippled as wounds appeared on his hands.
As Rosen stared at his stigmata, his sire tossed a kidnapped
beggar into his cell. Rosen reflexively fell on the poor git!
like a starving dog — and his mind broke.

Dr. de Sancha eventually decided that he could lean
nothing more from his mad childe. He found Father Rosen a
place ina pack that shared the priest's religious devotion... ot
something like it, anyway. After a few years, the pack's priest
fell into Wassail and had to be destroyed. Father Rosen took
over as the new pack priest. So far the Machete Cross pack
seems satisfied with their eccentric spiritual leader.

Father Rosen now believes that when he feeds, he
takes his victim's sins along with their blood. Anyone
slain by him dies ina state of grace. Greater love hath no

ness

Mexco Cry ay Nit

62


man than to give up his life for another, the Gospel says,
and sacrificing one's life for faith is holy martyrdom.
When he hunts, Father Rosen makes himself look like a
conventional portrait ofa saint. One nighthe might look
like St. Jerome, an old, balding man. Another night he

takes the guise of St. Roche, a young man with a sore on
his leg. Since people occasionally see Father Rosen and
live, the Mexican police receive some highly peculiar
crime reports — which they ignore as too ridiculous to
investigate. Somebody saw St. Francis of Assisi bite a
guy's neck? Obviously they were drunk, on drugs or
playing a sick prank.

Image: In his own form, Father Rosen looks like a
short, elderly man with a fringe of short, gray hair around
his bald pate. He wears the typical sober black of a
Catholic priest unless he performs Mass for his pack, in
which case he assumes full vestments. When he hunts, he
warpshis flesh to look like one of the better-known saints
and dresses to match. The Machete Cross haven includes
aroom full of various gowns, habits and props suitable for
cach saint. For instance, when he dresses up as St.
Benedict he wears a black habit and miter, pins on a
corsage of thorn bush, and carries a stuffed raven. As St.
Clara (he does female saints too), he wears a brown
Franciscan habit and black veil, and carries a lily.

Roleplaying Hints: React to what people say with
dreamy detachment. Quote or misquote Scripture, if you
can think of anything remotely relevant to the topic at
hand. (Storytellers: A Bible concordance or online search
can give you every line that mentions blood. Write them
down and keep them handy.) Pause in your feeding to
absolve your victims of their sins. Use your Vicissitude to
perform the occasional "miraculous" healingof the wounded,
orfeed a sick person your blood to make them a ghoul for a
month. Ir's the closest you can come to healing the sick.

(Charen Tote

63

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Dr. Vermudo de Sancha

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1987

Apparent Age: late 50s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2,
Leadership 2

Skills: Body Crafts 3, Etiquette 2, Performance 3
Knowledges: Academics 3, Expert Knowledge (Catholic
Theology) 3, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Presence 1, Vicissitude 3
Backgrounds: Herd 2, Rituals 1, Sabbat Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 7

Derangements: Sanguinary Animism, Fugue. Father Yoel
hears "confessions" from his victims. Under extreme stress
he produces stigmata and recites the Lord's Prayer and
Catholic liturgy.

EsTeBAN DEL AGUA ¥ TIERRA,
KKoLtpunor THE FINAL NIGHTS

Background: Esteban del Agua y Tierra — literally
"Esteban of the Water and Earth" — knows an opportunity
when he sees one. For centuries, the occult scene in Sabbat
Mexicohad been dominated by two majorfactions: Lasombra
Abyss mystics and the antitribu of the Tremere. Neither
group was ever especially influential over the body of the
sect, but they had great sway in Mexico — the Lasombra
thanks to theirpresence since the early nightsofNew Spain,
and the Tremere renegades simply because their founder
Goratrix chose to place his great chantry there.

Despite the great legacy of Tzimisce mysticism so
evident in the Vaulderie and the various other auctoritas
ritae, however, the Fiends had never been all that numer-
ous in De Effe. Most of them have been far more interested
in the pursuit of a variety of petty political and personal
agendas than in occultism. Koldunism remained the pur-
view of the Old World.

Esteban, however, has always been a scholar, and an
ambitious one. He learned much from his great aunt, a
withered old witch-woman whose ancestors had once lived
in Greece and Spain. Tia Oberta—she never had any other
name — told him of the secret world of the night, not only
of the monsters, but of the hidden avenues toward power
that lay open to those ready to take them. He watched in
awe when on his seventh birthday, his seemingly all-
powerful father was made to beg — to beg! — for mercy by
this withered old woman with but a glance. Esteban knew
such power had to be his and he was willing to pay any price

CaRACTERS

for it. For the simple price of his baby brother's left eye, Tia
Oberta taught him of el Dragén, the monstrous font of
wisdom who blesses his children with power. For the price
of his father's flayed scalp, she instructed him in the hidden
power of Earth and Water. For the sewn-shut genitalia of his
twin sister Angela, he was brought to the capital to feel the
power of those elements underpinning the city. Five years
later a stranger came to the house and pulled him out of his
bed. His life ended that night and his true existence began.

That was 60 years ago. Much of that time has been
spent in the business of readying himself for the power to
come. Tia Oberta's tales were one thing, but achieving
true koldunic understanding is a long and arduous process.
He thought physical purity of the Cainite form might be
the first step, and Esteban was briefly a member of the
Children of the Dracon, rejecting the ways of Vicissitude
forasupposedly deeper truth. He honed his mind to see the
hidden world and researched alll he could.

Later, he thought that understanding must come from
the Old World, where the ancient koldun still hid. A
journey there in the late 1970s taught him only that the
old country was just that: old. Clan Tzimisce, he discov-
ered, was too concerned with contemplating its own
bleeding anus to be of any real use. The glories of the
medieval nights seemed never to have been left behind,
despite inquisitions, revolts, diableries, the New World
and countless conflicts, Elder Tzimisce, most especially
the few remaining authentic koldun, pretended nothing
had changed. Even the Children of the Dracon ended up
being nothing more than a pantomime of some half-
remembered Byzantine morality. Pathetic, really

So Esteban returned to Mexico. There he sought out
the places where koldunic learning had evolved despite the
elders' stasis. He became ascholar of the Sabbatritae, a priest
of the Path of Caine and an innovator. With every new
ignoblisritae he participated in, with each new perversion he

explored, he came one step closer to a breakthrough. The
world itself was changing, and he would change with it. Tia
Oberta had always told him that el Dragén was a master of
the body crafts, so he rejected the austerity of the
Methuselah's purported children and learned Vicissitude,
though it has only ever been of passing interest to him.

In 1985, the first real breakthrough occurred when his
touchstone elements brought the city to its knees. He felt
every shift of the great earthquake and learned many
secrets from it. Suddenly all the potential of earth and
water was made manifest and in the death throes of the
buried masses he heard secrets that unlocked the power in
his own blood. He acknowledged his estranged site's
destruction in the quake only as a sign of his maturation

By the late 1990s, he had taken his insights and begun
to make them manifest. His koldunic connections with
the elements were growing and he had established some
useful contacts with elders unhappy with Goratrix and his
brood. Between 1985 and 1998, he clashed repeatedly
with Elena Vasquez, a Tremere antitribu witch who main:
tained a chantry in the center of the city, which had once
been the ritual heart of Aztec culture.

Then the Tremere vanished. Or were destroyed. Orself-
destructed. Whatever the truth, it was an opening for other
occultistsin the Sabbat. Esteban's connections weresuddenly
very well placed and his status grew, a process that only
accelerated when he brought La Viuda Blanca, one of the first
Harbingers of Skulls, into the fold of the Sword of Caine. Not
only was this a major feather in his political cap, but she
possessed a wealth of arcane knowledge and helped him open
up Elena Vasquez's chantry, which had remained sealed and
warded since her disappearance. From her laboratories and
libraries, he has recovered many of the secrets thought lost
with Goratrix and gained further prestige. In the aftermath of
this coup, several koldun from the Old World have under-
taken correspondences with him, trading in secrets and lore.

Esteban is one of the best-informed occultists in
Mexico. Although his understanding of Tremere
‘Thaumaturgy remains limited, hisaccess to Elena Vasquez'
chantry records make him a useful source for others. The
portion of the library he has released to others has already
helped preserve Thaumaturgy in the sect.

Many Sabbat pay careful attention to Esteban. His
time becomingascholar of the ritae has given him contacts
among the paragons of the Paths of Enlightenment and
with Bishop Natalio, a font of new ritae. His connection
with La Viuda Blanca and his successes in recovering
Tremere secrets have made him very valuable to the sect.
Old World koldun, cardinals and seraphs act as his patrons,
which gives him the freedom to continue his research
largely undisturbed. All these patrons expect future ser-
vices in return, of course, so Esteban plays an
ever-more-precarious political balancing act. Itremainsto
be seen if he is as skilled a diplomat as he is a sorcerer.

Esteban maintains several havens, but now spends
much of his time in the old Vasquez chantry, which he

‘Mexco Cry sy Nicat

64


shares with La Viuda Blanca. He sleeps in a room filled
with the muddy silt of the Lago de Texcoco, the lake that
once covered the capital's basin and his elemental touch-
stone. A series of basements, however, under the
tenements of the northern colonias serve as his most
personal refuge. It is in a small closet there that he keeps
Tia Oberta, the withered Obertus revenant who first
opened his eyes to the truth. Keptalive by small infusions
of his blood and kept in place these last decades by the
removal of her limbs, she still occasionally whispers
secrets to him through parched lips.

Image: Drawn from aristocratic roots, Esteban is fair-
skinned and finely featured. He has made only slight
modifications to his body with his arts, the most obvious
of which was removing all his body hair. He usually wears
very simple, dark clothing. He eschews the ritual robes
once used by the Tremere.

Roleplaying Hints: All you have worked for is finally
coming to fruition. You understand that great cataclysms
are in the offing, but cataclysms have always been good to
you. Trade in secrets and lore, but always remember to
ensure your own power. Push the limits in all things.
Achieve mastery over the secret world of blood, water and
earth. Then, perhaps, Tia will be pleased.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Rafaela Lapaz

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Perfectionist

Generation: 8th (Embraced as 10th)

Embrace: 1942

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Expression 1,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Body Crafts 1, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 3, Computer 1, Koldunism 4,
Investigation 3, Linguistics 3, Occult 5, Science 3
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Koldunic Sorcery 4, Thaumaturgy 1,
Vicissitude 1

Koldunic Paths: Way of Earth 4 (primary), Way of Water 3
Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of the
geance 1 (primary)

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Mentor 3, Resources 3, Rituals 5,
Sabbat Status 2

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 4, Courage 4

Morality: Path of Caine 7

Willpower: 8

JAIME SAN

Father's Ven-

1eNTO, VoIvopeor GARBAGE
Background: In life, Jaime was a petty bully with a
knack for catching rats. He lived in a garbage dump, and
soa wicked chance turned him into a Cainite. He soon
established himself as pack leader. He beat up his rivals,

cowed the mortal garbage-pickers into submission, and
convinced both mortals and Cainites that the rats of the
dump saw everything and told him everything.

Jaime hates what he fears, and he fears all Cainites
outside his pack. The Filth Angels terrorize the mortal
garbage-pickers through their predation, but Jaime tells
the kine that only he can protect them from even worse
monsters who prowl beyond the dump's border

Ironically, one of Mexico City's mightiest Cainites
defends "Bloody Jim." Szechenyi Jolan investigated the
new pack and declared Jaime a ductus in good standing.
The Mother of Horrors respects Jaime's claim of exclu-
sive domain as an example of their clan's traditional
values. When an established Tzimisce ductus scornfully
asked why he, a master of ritae, should respect this
ignorant "voivode of garbage," the Mother of Horrors
pithily responded by switching his head and his but-
tocks. The scornful title stuck, however, among the few
Sabbat who know that the Filth Angels exist. Jaime has
never heard it.

Jaime sleeps in a 1973 Pontiac station wagon buried
beneath a mound of garbage. A three-foot section of corru-
gated pipe just large enough to crawl through leads from one
of the car's windows to the north side of the mound.

Image: "Bloody Jim" is a tall, wiry young man in
ragged, too-short jeans, a baggy T-shirt and ripped, stained
sneakers. He has swarthy skin and a bony, beaky face
marred by acne and knife scars. His hooded, brown eyes
constantly dart back and forth, searching for attackers or
something he can grab for himself.

Roleplaying Hints: Trust no one outside your pack
and your little community of garbage-pickers. Remind
them that everyone else is against them. Protect your
people — they are your people, and yours alone. Stay
vigilant. Prepare. Don't let the monsters take you again,
even though now you are one of them.

Chinrrzn Tre: CHARACTERS

65

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Lita Dumas

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 2000

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3,
Leadership 1, Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Melee 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Dump) 3, Linguistics 1
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Potence 1

Backgrounds: Herd 3, Retainers 1, Sabbat Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 5

Social

Ana Rita MontaNa, THE BARREN VIRGIN
Background: Ana Rita Montafia should have been a

typical lady of leisure in turn-of-the-nineteenth century

Mexico City, but there was nothing typical about this

upper-class creole woman. She was a difficult child who
became an embarrassment toher parents after growing older
and more beautiful. Exasperated with her expensive tastes
and frivolous spending, her reckless gambling and her
libidinous behavior (especially with other women), her
parents sent her to a Carmelite convent, believing God

would help her abjure her wickedness. The convent's harsh
conditions, however, had a far more deleterious effect on
the young woman. Between the cold cells, thedaily regimen
of self-mortification, and the nightly masses that disrupted
a proper night's sleep, Montafia contracted a terrible fever.

During her illness and fever-induced hallucinations,
she imagined a ghostlike figure descending upon her and
implanting his seed within her loins. She claimed it was
the Holy Ghost, butinall likelihood, it wasa groundskeeper
takingadvantage of her condition. The fever left Montafia
with brain damage, under the delusion she was the Virgin
of the Carmelites. She suffered seizures and visions, and
soon after proved very pregnant.

The Carmelite abbess panicked. It wasn't the first time
anun had become pregnant, but the Church was losing the
Spanish Crown's support. The Crown had already driven
the Jesuits from Spanish domains. It had demanded and
recieved the Church's loan chits and properties to bolster
the Spanish Empire's flagging economy. The upper-class
creoles were among the Church's few remaining supporters
The abbess feared that if the creoles discovered Ana Rita
Montafia's condition or her poor treatment while suppos-
edly under the care of the Church, they might hesitate to
donate lands or send their own daughters to the convents

To avoid that possibility, the abbess hid Montafia in
the dungeons of the Belén women's shelter, an infamous
Church establishment that exorcized "possessed women."
The abbess then told the Montafia family that Ana Rita
had escaped and fled with an Indian lover. The Montafia
family, already scandalized by their daughter, let the
matter drop and thanked the abbess for her discretion,

Within the deplorable so-called shelter, Montafia went
from delusional to psychotic. Her baby was stillborn, with the
umbilical cord wrapped around its neck, She suffered from
rigorous monthly exorcisms. Then, in 1813, a mysterious fever
struck down 20,000 people in Mexico City. Montaiia was
merelyill, butthatdidn'tstop Belén'spriests from mistakingher
near lifeless body for dead and dumping her into a common
grave with the shelter's dozen o so deceased. Montatia should
have died, but Mexico City was flooded, thanks to garbage
buildup that backed up sewage systems and blocked drains
Packs of hungry dogs filled the streets, attacking cattle and
humans, invading homes, and digging up corpses.

One hungry mongrel pack dug at Montatia's fresh
grave, pullingher from the earth. They bit into herscalpand
flesh, but when her wounds bled warm rivulets of blood, the
Tzimisce accompanying the dogs realized the woman still
lived. Intrigued, Efrain Sortano ordered his hounds back
and fed her some of his blood. She awoke, but was still neat
death. Sortano asked her name, to which she replied: "The
Barren Virgin." "Whoever she was," Sortano reasoned
before Embracing her, "hers was surely an interesting tale."

Montafia spent her early nights learning from Efrain
Sortano before becoming Rodolfo's lover and one of his
first allies. In fact, Rodolfo's own madness allowed him to
foster and strengthen Montafia's own delusions of divin-
ity. The two Cainites eventually parted company before
Rodolfo's rise to bishop, with Montag still believing
herself a barren virgin for the death of her child

Montaiia maintains a haven in the apartment of a
defrocked mortal nun named Ursula Zamudio. Zamudio

‘Meoco Cary ay Nica

66


was already a follower and lover of the Barren Virgin when
she was expelled from the Carmelite convent for her
indiscretions with other nuns. The apartment is boarded
up and in squalid condition, with Zamudio plying an
escort's trade for other women. She desperately loves
Montafia, but the Barren Virgin has no interest in Zamudio
now that she is no longer a nun. Still, Zamudio feeds from
Montafia occasionally, which is enough to both satisfy her
and provide Montafia with a place to rest during the day.
While Montafia refuses to Embrace, she does still
believe herself the Virgin of the Carmelites. She even
appears to nuns of that same order as a vision of divinity,
fostering cult worship. Unlike the conquistadores and their
Virgin de los Remedios or Mexico's Lady of Guadalupe,
however, Ana Rita Montafia is the Barren Virgin, ashadow
of terrible truths. She encourage: mortification and
even whips her worshipers using her flail-like fingers. She
teaches her blood-enthralled nuns to await insemination by
the Holy Ghost, believing it is her duty to find the next
blessed virgin in atonement for losing her own child and
messiah. Of course, to attract the Holy Ghost, one must
arouse it first, which Montafia attempts to do by seducing
and bedding the nuns during their menstruation cycle.
Montaiia possesses some influence with the Carmelite
order through her followers (which includes the current
abbess), and isstill on good terms with her sire Sortano and
ex-lover Bishop Rodolfo. If she needed, either Cainite
would likely come to her side to protect her
Image: Montaiia slowly reworked her countenance to
appear as an imperfect Virgin Mary. Her clothing consists
of simple and conservative robes, while her face is a
sculpted embodiment of serenity, right down to its plaster-
like hue, downcast face, and unblinking eyes. Of course,
Montafia recognizes her failures as the Barren Virgin, so
her facade bears minute cracks like a timeworn statue.
Additionally, Montafia often distends her own fingers
to the point where each is three feet in length. The finger
joints become fully articulated likea chain, while bone spurs
break the skin, turning her hands into mortification flails to
use on her devoted sisters or herself. Because visions of the
Virgin often manifest to only a handful of select mortals,
however, Montafia spends most of her time Obfuscated,
unless it serves her better to move among the shadows.
Roleplaying Hints: Despite your critics, you truly
believe yourselfa manifestation of the Virgin Mary, albeit
afailed manifestation. Your baby emerged stillborn, choked
by its own divinity; obviously your imperfections as a
Virgin Mother ruined the birth of your son, the Prophet.
You failed and are now forced to dwell among monsters
and beasts. You don't mind, however, for they are like
family in the way they share the sacrament of their blood,
and you thrill to their touch and company. Besides, your
road to absolution doesn't come from refuting your allies,
but rather in consecrating the next Virgin host. You serve
Her, but until you find Her, you must continue searching
and continue fostering her cult of protectors.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Efrain Sortano

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Guru

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1813

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, For-
tune-Telling 2, Intimidation 1, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 1, Etiquette 2, Survival 3,
Vamp 3

Knowledges: Linguistics (Creole, English) 2, Occult 4
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Obfus-
cate 3, Vicissitude 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 1, Herd 2, Mentor 2
Virtues: Conscience 3 , Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 5

ASSAMITE ANTITRIBU

IkRAAMAL-BIRUNI, REFUGEE SORCERER

Background: Ikraam al-Biruni's sire Embraced him
because of the aging scholar's knowledge of obscure Kurdish
and Turkic dialects. For more than a century, Ikram served
the Assamite sorcerers' order without great excitement or
distinction: He preferred a quiet unlife untroubled by the
political rivalries within his clan. He counted his post-
Embrace pilgrimage to Mecca as his greatest achievement.

The resurgence of the Methuselah ur-Shulgi, eldest
childe of Haqim, forced Ikraam out of comfortable obscurity.
Ur-Shulgi demanded that all Assamites renounce young
faiths, suchas Islam, to follow the most harsh and ardent form
of the Path of Blood. Ikraam could not do it, but he lacked the
strength to become a martyr. When one of ur-Shulgi's
partisans came to demand his submission, the scholar fled to
America. His unplanned flight took him to a Sabbat-held
city, so perforce he petitioned the Sabbat for protection. He
hoped he could join his clanmates in that sect

Ikraam and the Assamite antitribu found little in
common. The younger Angels of Caine knew little of their
clan's Middle Eastern customs and sorceries. Many of the
elders had, ironically, returned to Alamut's fold. Ikraam
found himself in Mexico City as a stranger.

More importantly, Ikraam needed a source for the
potent kalif — cannabis fed on vitae, smoked by mortalsand
imbibed with their blood — that Assamite sorcerers use in
their magic. Eventually he found Caridad de Flores, the only
Cainite in town with the skill to produce the occult drug.
Ikraam also found, however, that he had to buy the drug
(and mortal vessels) with service to Caridad. Ikraam hopes
to arrange an alternative source of kalif with the help of the

‘Carnrrer Tree: CHARACTERS

67

Mexican Mafia. He would also like to find others of hi
— real Assamites, rather than the city's ignorant antitribu.
Until he can make the necessary contacts for either goal,
Ikraam must endure the unequal partnership.

Unfortunately, Mexico City's Cainites scare Ikraam
with their hectic unlives and casual brutality. Ikraam
defers to other Cainites, which makes many Sabbat
think he's a wimp. Neither he nor the neonates who
bully him appreciate that Tkraam is older and more
powerful than most of Mexico City's Cainites. It takes
all Ikraam's courage to treat with other Cainites or with
mortal criminals.

Caridad sends Ikraam on missions to spy on, curse or
steal from other Cainites, but Ikram can stay Obfuscated
while he does such things. His honor demands that he
repay Caridad for his kalif, no matter how shameful or
frightening the task

Image: Ikraam al-Biruni is an elderly man with swar-
thy skin and gray hair, a short gray beard and a neatly
trimmed mustache, He usually looks uncomfortable in his
Western-style gray business suit. In his haven he changes
into acaftan and turban of white linen. This also forms his
working garb for sorcerous rituals.

Roleplaying Hints: As a sorcerer, you can face down
angry djinn.... butMexico City overwhelms you. You want
out, Unfortunately, you also want kalif. If only you could
find someone you can trust! Culture shock and anxiety
over your occult drug supply gut your nerve and obscure
your formidable intellect. If you can neither run nor fight,
stand on your dignity and demand a hearing with your
attackers' superiors. Never, ever be rude. If anyone tracks
you to your haven, a cheap hotel room just outside
Coyoacén, offer whatever hospitality you can: You won't
break the laws of hospitality just because someone breaks
down your door. If anyone calls you an Arab, gently but
firmly tell them that you are a Kurd.

‘Mexco Grr sy Nice

68

Clan: Assamite (sorcerer caste, now antitribu)
Sire: ‘Umer Siraj

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Child

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1878

Apparent Age: early 50s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 2, Expression 3

Skills: Crafts (calligraphy) 4, Etiquette 3, Performance 2,
Stealth 1

Knowledges: Academics 4, Investigation 2, Linguistics 4
(English, French, Spanish, Arabic, Turkish, Farsi and
related dialects), Medicine 2, Occult 4, Science 1
Disciplines: Celerity 1, Obfuscate 2, Quietus 1,
Thaumaturgy (Assamite Sorcery) 4

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 4, Evil Eye 3, Spirit
Manipulation 3

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Resources 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 7

Note: See Blood Sacrifice for the Path of the Evil Eye. If
you don't have that book, the Path of Curses from Blood
Magic: Secrets of Thaumaturgy or the Path of the Father's
Vengeance from Guide to the Sabbat make adequate
substitutes as "cursing" magic

Matias CazIMIRSKI, THE BIKER OF BLOOD
Background: Matias Cazimirsky came from a middle
class Jewish family in Polanco. That didn't stop him from
falling in with a street gang. Matias worked hard to prove he
was as tough and brave and bad as the kids from rougher
neighborhoods. That's why he took abet tospyon some older
gangsters who had a reputation as real badasses. They were
actually Sabbat, and they caught Matias. His bluster amused
them, soone of them Embraced him instead of merely killing
him. That night Matias ate most of his former gang.
Matias' sire, Juan Brazos, was in the Black Hand, so he
gave Matias a chance to make it in the world's toughest
gang. Once again, Matias worked hard to prove himself.
Brazos recently decided that his protegé needed exposure to
the Sabbat beyond Mexico City, so they took a trip to New
York — right in time for the Camarilla's recent attack
Brazos met Final Death in the battle, leaving Matias to find
his own way home (with the help ofanotherneonate, Clova
Haines). His sire's colleagues did not treat Matias kindly;
some flatly accused him of cowardice because he survived
Matias was crushed. Becoming a Cainite cut him off from
everythinghe'dknown before;he investedhis identity andsoul
in the Black Hand. Rejection cut him adrift. He compensates
by pursuing other identities. The Institutional Devolutionary
Party took him in, and in return he set out to prove himself as


the coven's most enthusiastic soldier. Matias hopes that glori-
ousdeeds will winhim asecond chance to join the Black Hand.

Hissire also taught Matias to feel pride in his lineage as
one of the Assamiteantitribu, the Unconquered. The young
Cainite now wants to understand his heritage more fully
but since so many of the older Angels of Caine left the
Sabbat to rejoin their parent clan, Matias can't find anyone
totell him what beingan Assamitemeans. He collects every
scrap of information he can find about his clan. He knows
a few fragments of clan history, a few ritae that other
Cainites think draw upon old Assamite practices, and the
names and deeds of several famous Black Hand members.
He would very much like to meeta "real" Assamite (such as
Ikraam) who could impart the traditions he desires.

The Cainites of the PDI would rather have Matias stay
with them. General Perfidio particularly values Matias' skill
with his motorcycle and brutal efficiency. Matias was an
excellent biker before his Embrace, and he keeps getting
better because he can risk stunts that would kill a mortal. If
Matias fails a jump or his bike spins out of control, he just
closes the woundsand tries again. Matias isat his best on the
streets, but on occasion he's roared into buildings to chase
his prey. Although he carries a pistol and a bowie knife, his

favorite tactic is a drive-by slash with a chainsaw — and
thanks to his Quietus, victims don't hear him coming.

Image: Matias is a muscular young man with crewcut
brown hair, gray eyes and high Slavic cheekbones. He
wears biker leathers with lots of studs and — of course —
incredibly cool mirrorshades. The ensemble looksa bit less
street-chic when Matias is drenched in blood, which is
often. His motorcycle is jet-black with blood-red racing
stripes and the spiky Sabbat ankh on the front fairing.
Roleplaying Hints: Never let anyone think you fear
anything. Be first in any attack (not that anyone can keep
up with you on your bike). Swagger, but try to look stern
and impassive, like a great Assamite warrior should. Talk

Carte

a lot about the Lessons of Caine (which you don't know),
pursuing the Amaranth, the Great Jyhad, and any other
capitalized Cainite buzzwords you've heard.

Clan: As
Sire: Juan Brazos

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1989

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 1, Streetwise 3

Skills: Crafts (mechanics) 3, Drive 4, Firearms 1, Melee 3
Knowledges: Academics 1, Black Hand Lore 1, Linguis-
tics 2 (English, Polish)

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Quietus 1

Backgrounds: Rituals 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 4

amite antitribu

BLOop BROTHERS

Las HenMANAS HAMBRIENTAS
(THe Hunory Sisters)

Background: The sudden disappearance ofthe Tremere
antitribu in the late 1990s was hardly a clean break, Al
though Goratrix'shouse itselfseemsto have been swallowed
up in some sudden reckoning, it left behind it countless
experiments and thaumaturgical workings. Many of these
have come tonaught, buta few have grown unchecked. The
Hungry Sisters are one such experiment.

The pseudo-Cainite shock troops known as Blood
Brothers were the product of Tremere antitribuexperimen-
tation in the Old World, undertaken in cooperation with
afew especially twisted Tzimisce sorcerers. For most Sabbat,
these "Frankensteins" were little more than a sometimes-
useful tool. They worked well to undermine stability in a
city being targeted forcrusade or toenforce thearchbishop's
dominance at home if need be.

A few of Goratrix's followers, however, hoped to
improve on the design. One such antitribu, Elena Mendoza
Vasquez, created a single Blood Brother capable of repro-
ducing itself. Vasquez developed this variation on the
Embrace from Tremere research on altering blood po-
In it, this Frankenstein (a female) locks herself ina
mutual feeding with her victim, allowing their blood to
flow from one to the other and back again in a perverse
circuit. Both sire and childe become immobilized as their
common blood supply mixes and distills itself toa concen-
trate of vampiric vitae. Between three to 10 nights later, if
all goes well, the feeding ends and sire and childe rise. This

tenc

HREE: CHARACTERS,

69

artificial Embrace utterly transforms the childe, remaking
itintoa physical duplicate of its sire and erasing most of its
memories to integrate it into the hive mind of the brood.
Innate and learned capacities shift, so that the only thing
that truly distinguishes the childe isherhigher generation.

This process is hardly universally successful. Elena's work.
was very much in progress when she vanished, and only about
one in 10such Embracesresult ina viable, properly integrated
new brood-mate. Most fledglings simply never rise from their
death, while a small minority awake ina frenzied state similar
to Wassail, fom which they never recover. Even when the
transformative Embrace is successful, there's a heavy price to
pay, as both sire and childe awake starved for blood. Not only
do they rise with only a hint of vitae distillate left in their
systems, but their vampiric metabolisms are so charged that
they burn blood ata phenomenal rate. Itisnot uncommon for
freshly risen Frankensteins to consume the blood of a dozen
mortals before feeling sated. They earn their "hungry" moni-
ker with ease —all the more since this post-Embrace feeding
is highly ecstatic for the vampires and makes them crave
further reproduction.

Elena Vasquez never intended to let the three "broth-
ers" she had created loose in Mexico. According to some of
the notes she left behind in her chantry, she was working
toward a thaumaturgical ritual with which she could grant
and withdraw the ability to Embrace to other Blood Broth-
ers, presumably as a way to make them personally loyal to
herasasort of "hive mother" of their kind. She died with the
rest of the antitribu before her research progressed any
further, and her three "prototypes" remained in torpor in
her subterranean chantry until November of 2000, when
the koldun Esteban del Agua y Tierra and the Harbinger of
Skulls known as La Viuda Blanca broke in to exhume
Vasque2's research. They freed one of the Frankensteins in
the process, who escaped into the shantytowns of the
eastern fringe, where she has gone to ground.

In her two years of freedom, the escapee has spawned
again andagain. Wholeneighborhoodsof the poorhavebeen
slaughtered to feed the ravenous hunger offirst one, then two,
then 10 and now 20 Hungry Sisters. They have only the
sketchiest memories of the nights before the escape from the
chantry, but the Sisters have established a sort of petty
domain of fear among some of the city's poor. The locals do
not know exactly what they are — theories include ghosts
seeking vengeance and saints come down to exact holy
justice —buta small cadre of men now serve as their eyesand
ears in the day and choose victims to feed to the brood. They
are rewarded with sips of their mistresses' blood, which gives
them strength and a hint of the sisters' bottomless hunger.

The entire brood of Hungry Sisters nests in the basement
of a disused hacienda that has seen the shantytowns grow up
around it. Mostof the above ground partof the building isgone,
destroyed in the 1985 earthquake, but the large basement now
crawls with the Sisters and is littered with the bones of their
victims. The Sisters aren't privy to any deep secrets beyond
their own existence. The brood, which shares thoughtsas well
as blood, is aware that their hunger grows ever stronger. With
every reproduction, their need to consume and bum blood
grows. Soon, the shanty will not be enough to sate them.

The Sisters keep a clutch of a dozen or so ghouls, who
help them to keep much of the surrounding shantytown
paralyzed by fear. Unbeknownst to them, the Sisters are also
under observation by Esteban del Agua y Tierra and others in
the local Sabbat. The young koldun hopes to learn the secret
ofcreating more sistersasa weapon against both the Camarilla
and his own rivals. He is well aware that they are on the edge
of Wassail, but is unsure what to do about it. Bishop Natalio,
meanwhile, sees them as a threat to his own herd in the
shantytowns and is readying a purge of the creatures.

Image: All the Hungry Sistersend up looking identical,
much like broods of more traditional Blood Brothers. They
do not, however, go in for the skinhead motif many Fran-
kensteins do. Instead, the sisters have long luxurious black
hair and swarthy skin; it is likely that the first sister was
mestizo in background. Much of the time, the Sistersare very
beautiful, either glowing with vitality when sated on blood
or infused with a predatory beauty when hunting. When
their hunger goes unsated for more than a few hours,
however, the Sisters become horrific shrews, all pretense of
humanity giving way to long fangs and animalistic rage.

Roleplaying Hints: You wake famished every night and
the hunger never goes away. Only the orgiastic feeding after
having made another can sate you, and even that content-
ment is fleeting. You have dim memories of an existence
before this one, of torture ina lab of some sort, of others who
feed on the living, butit's very hard to remain focused on that.
Those concerns are just shadows before the fire of hunger.
Clan: Blood Brothers
Sire: None (artificial Embrace)

Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Monster

Generation: varies (first sister was 10th, youngest is 14th)

Manco Cry By Nest

10


Embrace: 1997

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,

Intimidation 4, Streetwise 1
Skills: Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: None

Disciplines: Potence 1, Sanguinus 3

Backgrounds: Herd 4, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 1 , Self-Control 2 , Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 2

Willpower: 5

BRUJAH ANTITRIBU

BisHop Nata io, EL INSURGENTE

Background: Natalio is one of the fervent Sabbat bish-
ops, a true believer. Others may use ritae and stories of the
Antediluvians primarily to secure their own power, but
Natalio is entirely convinced that the Final Nights are here
at lastand thatsomethingmust be done. He is desperate tosee
the Sword of Caine finally live up to its true calling of staving
offGehenna, orat least the consumption of the young by their
elders. Natalio is well aware that many of his colleagues in the
sect do not share his zeal, and he has seen too many abortive
coups and civil wars to think challenging the cardinals to
Monomacy or any such foolishness has any hope of changing
the sect. No, Natalio believes the key is in the young.

The neonates and ancillae are likely to be the first
casualties in any great upheaval, and thus are a more
receptive audience. More importantly, because their bet-
ters often see them as something of a disposable resource,
Natalio can organize and reeducate these masses without
arousing a great deal of suspicion. After all, once outside
the city proper and the domains of the luminaries, very
little detailed intelligence exists on the young Sabbat.
With the population explosion of the last century, Mexico
City is a teeming cauldron of mortal sheep and young
wolves who exist on the periphery of the sect proper.
Nomadic packs come and go, covens break apart and
reform, using the ritae only sporadically, and countless
Cainites flock to the city for the annual Palla Grande,
Many of the poor colonias and shantytowns around the
capital are terra incognita even for most Sabbat. Natalio
builds his revolution in this shattered landscape

Mimicking the early developmentof the Sabbat itself,
Natalio finds neonates and the occasional autarkis and
brings them together in covens and packs. He doesn't
preach the Paths of Enlightenment or other dogmas of
"true vampirism," though. As far as he is concerned,
inhumanity for inhumanity's sake is pointless if it doesn't
help anyone survive. He uses some of the auctoritas ritae,
most importantly the Vaulderie, to forge unity among the
packs, and has created some of his own ignoblis ritae.

Embraced at the time of revolutionary fervor, Natalio
strongly believes that the only part of mortal society worth
paying any attention to is the popular sector, and he
constantly derives practices and rites from their behavior.
These include ritual killing of enemies with ice picks in
emulation of the murder of Leon Trotsky (in Mexico City)
and the designation of deserving victims as representations
of despised or honored figures from Mexican folklore. A
favorite practice is the Embrace of a woman to play the role
of La Malinche, the hated Indian woman who aided Cortés,
who is then released to feed on choice victims. Many other
Sabbat find Natalio's penchant for Mexican nationalism to
be apathetic mortal attachment, but he pays them no heed.

Natalio's great strength is his ability to keep his ear to
the ground and feel the pulse of young packs of Cainites.
Through his contacts and confederates, he picks up a mass
of intelligence about the agendas of various Sabbat luminar-
ies. The regent has revealed herself to be a weakling, for
example, and that has many of the elders of the sect
scurrying for power. Healsoknowsofthe Hungry Sisters and
considers them a threat to his dominion over the
shantytowns, but isas yet unaware of where they originated.

As many as a dozen packs and covens look to Natalio
forsomething akin to leadership. El Grito de Dolor, his own
large coven, is firmly dedicated to his vision. Of the others,
only the three most loyal could truly be called followers of
his, and the rest are more akin to fellow-travelers. Concern
about the coming of Gehenna continues to grow, and with
every neonate who realizes he'll be the first to be swallowed
up, Natalio gains another potential recruit. One of the more
interesting recent candidates is the Freak Eliza Villanova, a
student of Bishop Rodolfo's. Unbeknownst to him, the
Black Hand also has its eyes on the bishop.

Natalio maintains several havens across the
shantytowns he uses as recruitment grounds. As a bishop,
he also has quarters within the communal haven and often

Charen Tote: CHARACTERS

1

meets there with sympathetic packs from across Mexico
and other Sabbat holdings.

Image: Natalio's body is a testament to a long road
traveled. A framing accident in his mortal days left his face
scarred and his right arm mangled and he has never sought
out a Fiend's touch to repair the damage in a century of
unlife. A large mustache and a mop of black hair give him
the look of a peasant from the north, an image that his
choice of simple clothing does nothing to dilute. He
sometimes wears a pistol or other weapon, in emulation of
the instergentes of the Revolution, but itis mostly for show.

Roleplaying Hints: You're the only one who seems to
really understand the situation. The seraphs and archbish-
opsjustscoff and follow their own agendas. Many neonates
chomp at the bit to fight the Camarilla or just have their
own fun and you're left to pick up the pieces. Such is the
burden of a man of vision, dead or not
Clans Brujah antitribu
Sire: Eva la Prima

Demeanor: Pedagogue
Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1899

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Expression 2,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Firearms 2, Fire Dancing 3, Melee 2, Stealth 3,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 1, Linguistics 3,
Occult 1, Politics 3

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude 1, Presence 3, Potence 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 3, Retainers 3, Rituals 4,
Sabbat Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self:
Morality: Humanity 5
Willpower: 6

La MALINCHE

Background: Rosa had an unpleasant life andan even
worse death. Escaping poverty and civil war in El Salvador,
she fled toward el norte. American border guards turned
her back, however, and a few unscrupulous "coyotes," the
men who run refugees like her across the Mexican-Ameri-
can border, used her as a plaything.

Aftera couple years of turning tricks in Tijuana, Rosa
was traded for a couple dime bags to a dealer from the
capital who thought she'd be fun for a few nights while he
was in Baja. She didn't cry much and reminded him of a
schoolgirl who'd mocked his manhood 20 years before, so
he brought her home with him asa souvenir. The next few
months she spent under the limp-dicked wonder in a dirty
apartment off Avenida Cinco de Mayo. Having long since

‘ontrol 3, Courage 4

hitrock bottom, Rosa eventually shed her fear and realized
she had nothing left to lose. The next night she stabbed
her captor through the eye with a screwdriver.

She ran, clutching her dead captor's worldly posses-
sions: 28 American dollars, 4,000 pesos, a knock-off Rolex
and a .38 caliber revolver with three bullets. She made it
precisely six blocks before a gang of vatos came out of the
shadows. They smiled and one of them smacked her across
the jaw with a baseball bat. After that it was pain, darkness
and hunger, in that order.

She woke updeadand pissedall tohell. Shewasnaked and
tied to a pseudo-altar made from the half-rusted carcass of an
early 80s Ford pickup. Some cabrénwasdrippingchicken blood
into her mouth, and what's worse, she was gulping the thin
gquel down. She wanted more, and if that meant tearing these
pendejos tobits, somuch the better. Especially the lead one wh«
wasrecitingsomesortofbullshitritual,callingher"LaMalinche,"
whom she dimly remembered was some native whore who'd
sold out the Aztecs for a Spanish lay. When they let her loose,
all she wanted to do was rip into the assembled idiots, but they
had makeshift torches, and fire, she somehow knew, was not
her friend. She ran, with the others chasing after her and
hanrying her toward who knew what.

Fat Americans, as it happened. A tour bus full of them.
She ripped out the first one's throat without even thinking
about it and his blood tasted much better than the chickens'
had. Thescreaminggringawith the Heart El Paso" sweatshirt
was next, followed by her bleating child. The vatos chasing
her joined in the fun and painted the bus red with gore. One
of them got so distracted, he let her take his torch. The look
on his blood-smeared face when she stuffed the flaming stick
into it was priceless. His screams were even better. After that
she ran again, but they weren't chasing anymore.

That was only a few weeks ago. Much of the intervening
time has been spent hiding. She's learned some of the basics of
unlife: Fire and sunlight are altogether unwelcome. Blood

‘Mxko Cry sy Niet

n

makes her strong and fast, very fast. And there are others like
her out there. La Malinche ended up in the shanties east of the
airport, and has had several run-ins with a long-haired mestiza
who is, if anything, more murderous than her. The mestiza
keepson mutteringabouther "sisters" and Rosa hasbeen trying
to find out where she nests. Maybe she needs another sister.

A woman, dressed all in white and wearing a death's
head, visits Rosa in her daytime dreams. She attempts to
speak, but Rosa cannot hear the words. She is sure that
following the mestiza is part of the ghost's plan, however.

La Malinche is a political nonentity in Mexico, but
that gives her some unwitting influence. Bishop Natalio is
anxious to deal with her before the story ofher escape from
his ritus spreads. Others see her as a useful pawn and work
to draw her into their schemes.

Image: La Malinche's broad features and chocolate
skin mark her as a descendent of Mayan Indians, but her
dress isa modem patchwork of items taken from her victims.
One night a sundress, the next a pair of jeans and a rough
cotton shirt. She wears these as trophies, testaments not
only to her ability to kill, but to survive night to night.

Roleplaying Hints: First, you must survive. That means
killing, which is not a problem anymore. But survival is
starting to take on a larger meaning than night-to-night
existence. The vatos are still out there; you've seen them, and
that means you need to either get away or find out where they
are and kill them too. You've done enough running, so that
means finding some help, starting with the mestiza's sisters.
Clan: Brujah antieribu
Sire: Natalio
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Rebel
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 2002
Apparent Age: early 20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 2
Skills: Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: None
Disciplines: Celerity 3
Backgrounds: Mentor 3 (despite her not yet recognizing it)
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 4
Willpower: 3

MARIANO

Pomposo,
BLACK HANpb Census TAKER

Background: Most Cainites are speechless when they
initially encounter a Black Hand census taker, but few
mistake these zealous Sabbat for run-of-the-mill bean
counters. In simplest terms, the informal census is the
Black Hand's domestic information-gathering arm in

Mexico City. Given the extraordinarily large Cainite
contingent, keeping track of packs, much less individuals,
is paramount to Mexico City's security and continued
existence as a Sabbat stronghold. This simple truth in-
spired the formation of the census as a means of tracking
the various packs and loners running around Mexico City,
as well as determining their loyalties and abilities should
the Sabbat ever need to mobilize its Cainites en masse.
When a pack appears at a Blood Feast after prolonged
absence or for the first time, a Sabbat census taker may
interview them. When Cainites Embrace someone, the census
taker might appear soon afterward to classify the new Lick.
When a pack disappears or moves on, the census taker tries to
uncover where they went and when they might return. To be
certain, given Mexico City's size, it's impossible to keep track
of everyone, but damn if the census won't bust some stubborn.
Thwack's skull to uncover the information they need.
Mariano Pomposo wasa real badass in life. Although born
to a good family, he enjoyed the fear and so-called respect
people paid him as a gang member. Eventually, however, it
wasn'this family that rescued him from street life, but Pomposo
who pulled himself out. Mariano didn't want to bea petty gang
thug or working for the cartels, because it meant he would
always answer to a boss or be stuck pulling penny-ante crimes.
Instead, Pomposo studied and worked out, eventually
becoming an independent los chombos, a mercenary fixer
hired by companies to deal with labor disputes and union
members. Pomposo quickly developed a nasty reputation
for his efficiency, especially following one incident when
he picked up a labor leader's daughter from school and
took her to a traveling carnival for the evening. The girl
was unharmed, but the message to her parents was clear
enough: "I could have killed her just as easily."
Unlike other los chombos, Pomposo was known for
coercing his targets into acquiescing, turning intimidation
into a fine art and only resorting to bone-shattering

(Cornpren Tre: CHARACTERS

B

brutality when all else failed. That's what attracted the
Sabbat to him. His soon-to-be-sire, Maria de Zumarraga,
believed the Sabbat had lost the finer arts of coercion and
persuasion, Freedom somehow equated with brute force,
and if the Sabbat couldn't beat it to a pulp, it fled and hid
until the next opportunity arose. Pomposo, however, was
astute enough to recognize weakness in its many guises,
whether physical or emotional, and capitalize on them.
That's why Maria de Zumédrraga Embraced the young man.
Pomposo adapted fairly easily to the Sabbat, though he
preferred his methods over those of the Shovelheads'. Maria
agreed, and trained Pomposo in the art of intimidating and
threatening Cainites without resorting to violence immedi-
ately. She taughthimthe Sabbat'sweak points, fromdeficiencies
in certain Paths of Enlightenment to the merits of vitae and
how to use the familial connections established through the
\Vaulderie. Then she sent Pomposo out to leam for himself.
Asinlife, Pomposo proved astone badass in death. Once
he understood how a Cainite's needs and priorities differed
from a mortal's, it made manipulation simpler because a
Cainite's needs were far more visceral and immediate. Black-
mail, intimidation, stings and framejobs were all perfectly
legitimate tools in Pomposo's repertoire, but if it came to

violence, well, then Pomposo was equally as capable. Amus-
ingly, the Black Handliked Pomposo's tacticsand appreciated
his skill. That's when they offered him the position with the

census... if he passed their indoctrination requirements.

For the last few years, Pomposo has been the census
most efficient and capable agent. This isn't surprising, since
his job requires a deft touch with encouraging information
from Cainites, remembering the Licks he's encountered and
not accepting no for an answer. It's a dangerous duty in some
respects, but few Cainites are willing to make enemies of the
Black Hand or its agents. His main influence rests with the
Black Hand, though he deliberately keeps some information
about certain packs quiet, thus earning their gratitude and
support. How or when he calls upon this assistance depends,
but Pomposo is currently "saving" the favors owed him for
whatever unforeseen circumstances may arise in the future.

Pomposo still maintains his mortal residence, a hacienda
under a false name with state-of-the-art security, and four
ghoul bodyguards. While he maintains his property using his
saved earnings as an independent los chombos, Pomposo has
extended his finances by blackmailing former clients and
targets with the information he's uncovered over the years.
He has enough money to finance his hacienda for another
seven years before seeking an alternate cash flow.

Image: Pomposo has a bodybuilder's physique, which
is hard to hide despite the conservative black suits he
wears. Healso dons sunglasses when interviewing Cainites,
keeping them offbalance. Pomposo looks like the consum-
mate bodyguard or security agent, with his brush-cut,
clean-shaven square jaw, and unflinching demeanor. He
also carriesa PDA torecord his information andaholstered
gun beneath his black jacket. If the police ever stop him,
he also has a consular firearms certificate, permitting him

to carry a weapon. Everything with Pomposo is above
board until the situation dictates otherwise.

Roleplaying Hints: "Mr. Freeze" — that's what some
packs call you, and for good reason. Nobody's ever seen you
lose your cool, even in a fight. Your demeanor is five degrees
colder than your dead heart, but that's the mantle of a
professional like yourself. When you speak with Licks, you're
always studying them, trying to figure out their psychological
weak points. Sure, they may be cooperating with younow, but
that doesn't mean they won't turn on you eventually. When
that happens, you need to know their agenda before they do,
and you need a contingency plan to cripple them before they
can act. That's why the Black Hand uses you. Your files on
Cainites go beyond just keeping track of their movements.
Your reportsare damn near psychological profiles, with astute
observations and a fair share of hidden dirt.

Clan: Brujah antitribu

Sire: Maria de Zumarraga

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Perfectionist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1972

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 4, Leadership 2, Streetwise 1,
Subterfuge 1

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Academics 1, Black Hand Lore 3, Computer 1,
Investigation 3, Politics 1, Science 1

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Potence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Black Hand Membership 2, Con-
tacts 2, Mentor I, Resources 4, Retainers 4, Sabbat Status |
Virtues: Conviction 2, Instinct 4, Courage 5

Morality: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 5
Willpower: 8

GANGREL ANTITRIBU

Jess Acard, Et Lono ne Canto

Background: Jestis Alcala supported his family by
playing the accordion and singing songs. A Mexican
Mafia thug liked his performances and recommended
Jestis to his associates, and so Jestis and his band often
played for gangland figures. Jestis obligingly wrote
narcocorridos about his patrons. He won a small repu-
tation as a musician who could write a song about
anyone on short notice.

His gangland connections drew the attention of Venere
Carboni, a powerful Cainite musician who had associated with
criminals back when he was alive. Jestis reminded Venere of
himself from his breathing days — and so the elder spitefully
decided to ruin his life. Such is the favor of the Toreador

Mouco Cry ay Nigar

74


antitribu. Venereused hissupernatural powersto send Jestisinto
a spiral of jealousy, despair and rage that climaxed with the
musician murdering his wife. The Toreador smiled. Now his
fellow musician had material for an etemity's worth of songs.

Venere was not the only Cainite interested in Jestis. A
City Gangrel Embraced the musician mere hours before
Venere planned to do it himself. Hartmann Strauss, aCainite
in El Grito de Dolor, thought that the coven needed someone
towrite Loyalist protest songs. The Gangrel knew nothing of
Venere's manipulation, and picked Jestis because he had
heard him play in a bar. Venere destroyed Strauss for his
impudence, but had to leave Mexico City on a month-long
embassy before he could execute a really fiendish punishment
on Jestis. When Venere returned the moment had passed and
the elder set aside vengeance for the time being.

Jestis fulfilled all of Strauss' hopes. Sabbatneonates love
his vampirocorridos about Lupine hunts, murdersof Camarilla
elders, Monomacy and sect festivals. The musician has
become the Loyalists' greatest propagandist: His songs extol
the rugged independence of Loyalist packs and mock the
elders who try to impose discipline on the Sabbat. Jestis can
singasongataBlood Feast or fire dance andwithinamonth,
half the Sabbat in Mexico City have heard the song and sing
it themselves. A satiric song from Jestis can inflict a short-
term loss of prestige upon another Cainite.

The musician looked up three colleagues from when he
was alive and forced blood bonds on them, so he could have
aproper band to accompany his songs. This group calls itself
Los Lobos de Canto — the Wolves of Song. The ghouls rent
apartments in Barrio de Tepito, while Jests sleeps at the El
Grito de Dolor communal haven. Jestis and his band often
hang out at Garibaldi Square, where Sabbat packs can hire
them for a night's entertainment. Mortals also hire Los
Lobos de Canto. Jestis retains his Mexican Mafia contacts
and plays the occasional gangland gig. He hears a great deal
about who does what in the city's underworld.

Jestis keeps one great secret from the rest of El Grito de
Dolor. He lost track of his young son and daughters during his
Sabbat indoctrination. For all that Jests talks the talk about
abandoning mortal connections, he worries about what
happened to his children, who would now be teenagers. He
seeks them through his gangland connections. If he finds
them, he plans to find them a new home with a prosperous
drug dealer. If necessary, he will subject the dealer toa blood
bond in order to make him agree. Such concern for mortal
relatives could hurt Jestis' own prestige within El Grito de
Dolor if it became known. It would also give other Cainites
a powerful hold over Jestis if they could find his children first.

Image: Jestis is a tall, wiry man with swarthy skin, black
hairand mustache, anda long, hound-dog face. He defies the
Sabbat's stereotype about Gangrel antitribu by dressing in a
natty mariachi uniform, with boots polished mirror-bright.
He wears sunglasses to conceal his pale-green, wolflike eyes,
while his sombrero and carefully curled and pomaded hair
conceals the canine points of his ears. He plays the guitarand
uses his supernatural speed to pick with amazing dexterit

Roleplaying Hints: Smile and give the people what
they want. Courting couples, drug dealers or bloodsucking
monsters, it'sall the same to you— just customers who want
entertainment, whom you must please to win your fee. You
see the poor, and you see what happens to Sabbat who make
toomany enemiesand too few friends. Don't letthathappen
to you — or your children, if only you could find them!
Clan: Gangrel antitribu (City)

Sire:
Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1995

Apparent Age: 33

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4,
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 2, Expression 2, Streetwise 3
Skills: Crafts 2, Firearms 2, Etiquette 2, Performance 3,
Professional Skill (mariachi) 4, Survival 1

Knowledges: Finance 1, Sabbat Lore 2, Underworld Lore 2
Disciplines: Celerity 2, Protean 2, Presence |
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 2, Sabbat Status |
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 4

Hartmann Strauss

‘tamina 3

HARBINGERS OF SKULLS

La Viupa Bianca (THe WHite Wipow)
Background: Centuries ago, there was life and obses-
sion, a terrible hunger to understand the secrets of the
universe hidden from man. From pagan witches hiding in
the seeming of washer-women and priests in need of physi-
cal sating, the woman who would become the White

(CuapreR THRe: CHARACTERS

5

Widow leamed a few of the whispered truths of the hidden
world. She saw the spirit of her husband leave his diseased
body one cold night, and she lay with the cooling corpse to
learn its mysteries. Sometime after that came the Blood and
with it an altogether different hunger. Then, not so much
later, she was drawn into the ravaged lands of the dead. The
petty secrets of ghosts and decay she had longed to under-
stand were finally laid bare, but they paled before the great
storm there. Here was death in its most primal form — not
a quiet rest, not a reward or punishment for living acts, not
astate of higher being, but a final end to all things

Innumerable years later, the stormsweptherbackontothe
shores of the living. With the sound of ripping skin and crying
mothers, the shroud between lands tore open and the White
Widow slipped out. Her girlish faith had long since eroded
away, but in that moment she knew God had a sense of irony.
For why else would the dead spit her out into a birthing ward?
Why else would the fresh-bom blood of babes be laid out tosate
her hunger? Her skin, ash-white and wrinkled from the rigors
of walking among the shades, flushed fora sweet second as the
hot vitae of the first infant passed her lips. The screaming of
children, mothers, nursesandothers waslikesweetmusicto her
dry and cracked ears, But the hunger never ended.

She stumbled through the night, lurking in shadows,
hoping against hope to find some sort of peace. Semi-
delirious, reeling from the cacophony of the strange city, she
found herself drawn to an archeological site in the midst of
this modern megalopolis, the Templo Mayor. There, she
collapsed before a carved wall of skulls, hoping against hope
that they would lead her back to the lands of the dead. That
is where the koldun Esteban del Agua y Tierra found her. He
sheltered herand brought her blood — that of infants, which
she now found sweetest — and introduced her to the Final
Nights. He helped her piece together not only the realities of
modem life and unlife, but the reality of dawning Gehenna.
Whathad been mere myths in her early nights were now true

and the reality of her current situation was clear: Death w.
coming on an unprecedented scale, and she was here to
witness it. This belief, and the circumstances of her discovery
in front of the wall of skulls known as the tzompantli, helped
baptize her bloodline as the Harbinger of Skulls.

Since then, she and the Tzimisce Esteban have grown
closer, bonded as a pack of two by a ritual he calls the
Vaulderie. In 2000, they cooperated to unseal the chantry of
the vanished Tremere antitvibu Elena Vasquez, which laid
open to them a vast array of thaumaturgical research and
othersectets. Esteban' interests lie in power in the face of the
apocalypse, and she is glad to help him along, despite such a
gambit's futility. In the end, everything will meet death.

La Viuda Blanca nests in the chantry that once sheltered
the Tremere antitribu Elena Vasquez. Essentially a series of
subterranean vaultsunderagentlemen'sclub in the teocall, the
chantry is a warren of libraries and laboratories, dissection
tablesand blood distilleries. The Widow has transformedmuch
of the space to suit her mortuary needs, including starting her
own tzompantli made of the skulls of her infant victims.

One of Mexico's greatest unlivingoccultists, the White
Widow is privy to many arcane secrets. The most critical
come from her analysis of the research of Elena Vasquez, a
brilliant thaumaturge obsessed with the End Times. The
warlock herself seems to have been convinced she was
working to prevent or forestall Gehenna, but the Widow
suspects Elena was a dupe. It's entirely possible her experi-
mentation was part of the lead up to these Final Nights.

Asa prominent Harbinger of Skulls in the sect's epi-
center, the White Widow has significant influence in the
Sabbat's occult circles. Ever since she and Esteban opened
up Vasquez's thaumaturgical libraries, the two have re-
ceived the shadowy support of several Old World koldun as
well Unre issaid to keepa close eye on their research as well,
though the two Harbingers have different agendas. Alll this
attention, paired with the fact that she chooses not to play
political games, means that the Widow has leave from the
cardinals and seraphs to pursue her research. Unknown to
them, she isalso recruitinga variety of neonatesshe believes
will play a role in the coming apocalypse.

NARCOCORRIDOS

Corridos are Mexican ballads, often accompanied
by guitar, accordion, trumpet or other music, with a
waltz or polka beat. Every sort of folk hero or current
event becomes the subject of corridos. Ballads about
drug traffickers began in the 1970s, if not earlier.
Mexican poor folk admire drug smugglers as people
from their class who became rich through courage,
cunning and defiance of the government — and who.
spread their money around by, among other things,
paying musicians to write ballads about them.
Narcocorridos are most popular in northwestern
Mexico, along the main drug-running route to the
United States, but the genre has spread throughout
the country and even to el Norte.

‘Maxco Cav sy Nicxt

iy


Image: Like all Lazarenes, La Viuda Blanca is a desic-
cated wreck of a Cainite. Seventy pounds of dried, pale
leather hanging off a wiry skeleton of ancient bones, she is
a horror to behold. She dresses in long white robes and
drapes a hood over her drawn face, so that she resembles
nothing so much as the grim reaper on her wedding night.
Eyes blacker than pitch and a maw of needle-pointed fangs
are all her victims see of her when she feeds.

Roleplaying Hints: Yournightsarespentin thiscacopho-
nous world of bright lights and belching industry, but you
remember the centuries in the lands of the dead. There is a
terrible storm there, and it is only growing fiercer. It is only a
matter of time, you're convinced, before it swallows life and
unlifewhole. Thesecretistobe ready toreceive the final insight
before all is consumed. You plan on being front and center
when the end truly comes, even if that means helping italong.
Clan: Harbinger of Skulls
Sire: unknown
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Visionary
Generation: 8th
Embrace: unknown
Apparent Age: indeterminate
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Leader-
ship 1, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 3, Etiquette 2, Melee 1,
Performance 1, Stealth 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 4, Investigation 4, Law 2, Lin-
guistics 4, Medicine 3, Occult 5, Science 2
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Fortitude 2, Necromancy 5, Obfuscate 2
Necromantic Paths: Mortuus Path 5 (primary), Ash Path
5, Bone Path 3
Backgrounds: Rituals 2, Sabbat Status 3
Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Path of Death and the Soul 7
Willpower: 6
Merit/Flaws: Prey Exclusion (The White Widow feeds
only from children and infants).

MALKHAVIAN ANTITRIBU

BisHop Ropo ro,
WITNESS TO THE END TIMES

6th generation, childe of Tryphosa

Nature: Guru

Demeanor: Deviant

Embrace: circa AD 150

Apparent Age: late 50s

It has been a long wait for the ancient Freak known in
these nights as Bishop Rodolfo. Born among Phoenician
traders and initiated into mystery cults among them, he came
face to face with his godhead in the person of the Methuselah

Tryphosa, an unliving oracle of unparalleled might. He served
as his sire's acolyte and herald, traveling the ancient world to
deliverherdire wamingsofdoomand destruction. Regrettably,
the Brujah of Carthage did not heed the wamingshe delivered.
Neither did the Ventrue of Rome some time later.

As his own oracular gifts grew, he and Tryphosa shared
their insights. As they did, a slow rift grew between childe and
sire. The elder Malkavian believed that, as beings removed
from life and death, they were in a unique position to rewrite
destiny — to avert or engineer great disasters as they saw fit.
The younger Cainite was more fatalistic, believing that a great
cataclysm (what some call Gehenna) would eventually con-
sume everyone and everything. In his view, the best one could
do was decide on one's own place in the greater devastation.

What started as a philosophical debate became dis-
trust, anger and eventually outright hostility, even hatred.
By the time of the so-called War of Princes, he had
mastered the art of adopting other identities and vanished
into the chaos of Europe. He spent some of this time with
groups of Roman Inconnu, even representing their inter-
ests with certain Byzantine clanmates, but soon tired of
their vacillation between vengeance for the end of their
imperial heyday and endless navel-gazing.

During the Anarch Revolt, he flitted from identity to
identity, shapingsome of the chaos butsimply observing most
ofit. He was Stephen of Kent, who rode with the Brujah Tyler
into Castle Hardestadt. He was Melchis of Crete, an atten-
dant to the Methuselah Unmada at the Convention of
Thorns. The formation of the Camarilla and the subsequent
birthing of the Sabbat was of relatively little import to him
until hissire became involved. Along with some of her fellow
ancients, she agreed to deny her clan its right by blood to the
curse of Dementation for the sake of Camarilla stability. This
was one more futile attempt to forestall the inevitable, and
one that robbed much of the clan of its ability to determine
its own fate. In that instant he became Sabbat, and plunged
into the act of keeping Dementation vital.

He toyed with power in the new sect, serving as the
purported Archbishop of Athens under the name George
the Red in the 18th century, but it was nothing but a
distraction. His interest was with those willing to learn the
arts of Dementation, so George vanished and the simple
Rodolfo arrived in Mexico in 1848. Supposedly a young
Freak of little import, Rodolfo was largely left alone. He
cultivated repulsive personal habits involving the purpose-
ful ingestion of miscellaneous foodstuffs, which he promptly
vomited to augment his aura as a Cainite worth ignoring.

After 50 years of isolation (punctuated by the occa-
sional outbreak of sect warfare), Rodolfo realized that to
advance his studies of the Discipline, he would need
students and aids, people who understood his endeavors
and might provide additional insights. Throughout the
twentieth century, he headed an informal symposium of
the mad, with students, colleagues and rivals trickling in
from across the globe to debate, challenge and learn.

In the midst of the great Palla Grande of 1949, he
conducted an experiment into the effects of spreading

Cornrren Tre: Craxacrens

1

dementia. He and his acolytes spread the madness of the
Cainites to the mortal population of the city, and itsparked
a night of riots and debauchery unlike any seen up to that
point. Goratrix is said to have called for Rodolfo's head for
the "prank," which ruined a thaumaturgical working. The
regent, however, toasted the Malkavian for his "artistry"
and elevated him to bishop. Rodolfo looked on the results
as confirmation that once Dementation escaped the limits
imposed on it by Tryphosa and her Camarilla allies, events
would spiral out of control for Cainites.

In 1997, the bishop felt the knot in the Madness Network
give way and watched his own students leave for Camarilla
cities to gift their estranged clanmates with Dementation.
Rodolfo braced himself for the inevitable — without the
structure provided by teachers or cults, the return of the
Discipline to the body of theclan couldonly lead todevastation.
Two years later, during the Week of Nightmares, he saw his
predictions of doom come true and sat back to watch the end.

But the end didn't come. Instead of consuming the
world, the single raised Antediluvian fell, not even quite
wiping out his own clan. Rodolfo also received reports that
the Camarilla's Lunatics were taking very well to the return
of their birthright. He suspects that Tryphosa and her allies
have something to do with that, but to what end he is as yet
unsure. Regardless, this turn of events has awakened hope
in a monster who hadn't felt it in many centuries. His
clanmatescan once again make their own fates, and perhaps
— just perhaps — the apocalypse can be averted.

Allthishas led Rodolfo toa flurry of activity in Mexico,
centered on uncovering signs of the Final Nights. He has
returned to his oracular ways, looking to predict the signs of
the End Times so that he can intervene. This has meant
establishing ties with various other occultists and prophets
of Gehenna, the so-called Hechiceros del Teocalli, and
seeking out other Freaks gifted in the arts of prophecy.

Last year, a Camarilla turncoat named Eliza Villanova
came to him seeking instruction. She has proven an apt
pupil and oracular aid. Together, they have undertaken the
task of recovering some of the more obscure applications of
Dementation once used by the scryers of the ancient
Malkavian orders destroyed during the Anarch Revolt.

He has seen several signs that his own diablerie is in the
offing, possibly at the hands of Eliza. He isas yet unsure what
role, ifany, this plays in the larger course of the Final Nights,
but has taken the precaution of isolating his student from his
bloodier tasks. These include, of late, studyingand eliminat-
ing the aberrant Cainites who are hallmarks of the so-called
Time of Thin Blood. He has already destroyed a score of
14th and 15th generation whelps and is now pursuing
rumors of a pack of feral Caitiffin the eastern shantytowns.
Several recent auguries point toa brood of vampiric "sisters"
playing an important role, possibly by eliminating Sabbat
who could help defeat the Antediluvians.

ELIza VILLANOVA, THE SEARCHER
Background: Eliza was just another of the beautiful
monsters of Camarilla Atlanta until 1997. Then, like a

spike driven straight into her brain, the madness returned.
She'd heard whispered stories of course, about how once
upon a time the manias that plagued her clan's blood had
been infectious, that Malkavian oracles and witches could
reduce living and unliving kings to drooling lunatics with
a glance. She'd never really believed, however, just like
she'd never believed in the trite stories of Caine and Abel,
of Nodand the Second City. It was all so much unsubstan-
tiated bullshit to frighten gullible feebs.

Then it all came true. A clanmate came to Elysium
from one city or another to introduce himself. He looked
at Eliza, smiled once and her world exploded. The ability
to inflict madness, the lost art of the clan, bubbled up from
within her blood. For an instant, she felt the entirety of
what she's come to recognize as the Madness Network, an
ephemeral bond between all Malkavians. In it she saw
glimpses of other places and other times, of a night not far
off when ancients would rise to feed on their young. That
split-second past, Eliza's bond with the web faded, but she
remembered her own prophecy of Gehenna and it de-
stroyed any faith she had in the ways of the Camarilla.

Overthenext few years, ElizafelttheseedofDementation
grow, but ata frustratingly slow pace. Ifshe was to be ready for
the Final Nights she knew were coming, she had to know
more. The clanmate who had infected — no, liberated —her
was gone. She drove mortal after mortal mad with her
experimentation and it gained her precious little.

Finally, in 1999, the Sabbat took Atlanta. Many
locals were terrified, some died, most fled. She joined up.
The antitribu, it seemed, had never lost the gift of
Dementation and she had to know all its secrets. When
some shovelhead comered her, she stripped the Sabbat's
mind of his appropriate memories and took her place
among the mass-Embraced canon fodder. Fora few months,
it was a wild ride with the packs of Sabbat rampaging up
and down the East Coast of the US.

By the time some petty priest told Eliza she'd earned
the right to become True Sabbat, she was more than ready
for the Creation Rites. After watching her hunt down a
Camarilla renegade (once upon a time, Eliza's coterie-
mate), that same priest applied a flaming brand to Eliza's
forehead and dubbed her a full member of the Sword of
Caine. That title meant little to her, but the freedom of
action it gave her did. To understand her vision of the
coming apocalypse, Eliza needed to hone her skills at
Dementation, and that meant finding a mentor. The
search brought her to Mexico.

She arrived at the Terminal Norte bus station two
years to the night after the Sabbat attack on Atlanta. One
of the city's countless homeless shuffled by and smiled at
her, with the same smile as that which had infected her.
She followed the soiled man and he brought her to a
colonial era mansion in the Zona Rosa. There, among the
desiccated corpses of the family that legally owned the
building, she found a corpulent vampire shoveling a cold
gruel of coagulated blood and mashed roaches into his

Mexco Cry sy Nickt

8


maw. He grunted, vomited bug juice into a silver spittoon
and said, "Ah, you're here. Final!

This, she soon discovered, was Bishop Rodolfo, and
he had been expecting her. He made her his student and
began instructing her in Dementation and the shadow

history of the Sabbat Malkavians. She learned to see
patterns and oracles in the spatter or blood and dance of
flames, to look with what Rodolfo called the "Eyes of
Chaos." She learned of the ancient mystery cults that
once unified the clan and of the Madness Network that
still bound them together. Using it, she has touched the
minds of the mad across Mexico and even — in a heady
moment — a madman in Gdansk and another in
Montevideo. With the bishop's help she has met others
concerned by the dawning of the End Times and shared
blood with them.

Study and prophecy, however, cannot avert disaster.
Eliza knows that Gehenna iscoming and she isdetermined
tobe ready for the battle. Rodolfo and the Lazarene Viuda
Blanca (his most influential ally) are more fascinated than
concerned by the coming end, and are thus unlikely to
make useful allies when the time comes. Eliza isnot wholly
comfortable with adding more betrayals to her resume, but
she doesn't have much choice.

Eliza has an immaculate suite in the coach house of
Bishop Rodolfo's mansion. She allows in none of the dust,
gore and muck in which he revels, and often changesall her
clothing after visiting her mentor. Asa relative newcomer,
Eliza has no direct influence in Mexico. Her association
with Rodolfo and the occultists known as Los Hechiceros
del Teocalli, however, give her a certain prestige.

Unbeknownst to her mentor and coven-mates, Eliza
is seeking allies beyond the circle of End Time occultists.
The Brute Natalio is the most promising candidate. While
something of a hooligan, he understands the stakes at
hand and is very wary of complacency. Eliza has also had

some discussions with the Keeper Don Polanco, who
seems concerned with a rot at the core of the Sabbat itself.

Image: In sharp contrast to her mentor, Eliza is
fastidious about her appearance and has a cold, sharp
beauty. Her skin is a perfect pearl in color, which allows
her auburn hair and bright blue eyes to stand out in sharp
relief. She dresses for the occasion, but always on the
serious side of things: formal suits and cocktail dresses
rather than casual clothing. Her wardrobe tends toward
whites and blacks, and is perfectly tailored.

Roleplaying Hints: Close your eyes and you see that
one, terrifying image of the ancients rising to consume you
and your kind. That vision is what has guided you for the
past five years, leading you to abandon old ways, betray old
compatriots, and sacrifice shred after shred of your soul. If
that's the cost of survival, however, you'll pay it willingly.
If Rodolfo has to be added to the tally, so be it.

Clan: Malkavian antitribu

Sire: Rebecca Belmont

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Perfectionist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1912

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 3, Finance 1, Investigation 3,
Linguistics 3, Occult 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Dementation 4
Backgrounds: Mentor 4, Rituals 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 6

Genera PDerrinio Dios, tHe MocKER

Background: In the 1890s, General Porfirio Diaz was at
the height of his power, and making fun of him was not safe.
That did not stop Andrés de Hojeto, a political science
graduate student with a taste for comedy, from using the
persona of "General Perfidio" to mock the cronyism and
repression of the Diaz regime. The police regularly arrested
Andrés for minor, imaginary infractions of the law and the
University expelled him. Andrésresponded witheven harsher
satire. Finally a gang of cops grabbed Andrés off the street,
beat him and left him in an alley with several bones broken.

That was when his sire noticed Andrés. The young
satirist, dressed in his medallion-spangled "General
Perfidio" coat, obscurely reminded Diego Diego of his
mortal father, whom he had devoured at his own Embrace
Diego Diego felt that he somehow redressed this crime by
rescuing Andrés, feeding him vitae until he healed, and
then Embracing him.

Socia

Conor Tce: CHaRacreRs

nD

The deadly beating, mortal death and the blood of
Malkav unhinged Andrés' mind, and the Creation Rites
sent him into the full-blown madness of the Malkavian
antitribu. Andrés completely abandoned his former self.
He became General Perfidio Dios, betrayer of all the laws
of God and man.

Over the decades, General Perfidio distinguished
himself through his skills of satire, street theater and
political sabotage. The Malkavian antitribu first waged a
one-Cainite war on the Diaz regime. His methods ranged
from forging strange and contradictory government direc-
tives to murdering and dismembering bureaucrats. When
the Mexican Revolution began, Perfidio decided that he
was satisfied and turned his attention to the Camarilla.
Another d
Camarilla princes won Perfidio leadership ofa pack. After
another fighting the Jyhad another 20 years, Perfidio and
his pack settled down in Mexico City to train the n
generation of warriors. Perfidio's pack grew into a large
coven, the Institutional Devolutionary Party, and the
General himself received a promotion to bishop.

General Perfidio enjoys a reputation as one of the
Sabbat's youngest masters of political subversion. He has
made a systematic study of how governments crumble into
incompetence and civil war, and advises other packs in
how to attack Camarilla princes politically. Perfidio ar-
gues that invading a Camarilla-held city with guns blazing
should be the last stage of a Jyhad, when the city's "Kin-
dred" are so fractured by suspicion, discontentand personal
ambition that they cannot mount a meaningful defense.
Sabbat coalitions that recruit the General as their political
consultant win their Jyhads more often than not.

de of "revolutionary activities" against

The General lacks the rank to wield real power in the
politics of Mexico City's Sabbat, but quite a few neonates
listen to him. Perfidio makes his rhetorical points through
slapstick and satire: He leaves his audience laughing with

scom at the Camarilla and its dupes, and confident of
victory against the Antediluvians.

Notall of Perfidio's ideas find wide acceptance, though.
For 30 years, the General has warned about the sect's
dependence on revenants and argued that the Sabbat
should not scorn to dirty its talons with business and
politics. The minions of the Antediluvians use these tools;
the Sabbat must take those tools away and claim them for
its own ends. He puts his words into practice through
business investments.

Perfidio also meddles in city politics to protect com-
munal havens, ot simply to keep in practice by destroying
a minor ministry. Cainites who listen to his political and
economic arguments agree that Perfidio makes a lot of
sense. On the other hand, the General argues with equal
passion that the Ventrue Antediluvian wrote NAFTA
and that snake-men from the Hollow Earth infiltrate the
Institutional Revolutionary Party. Perfidio's tendency to
see conspiratorial hands in everything hurts his credibility
with some Cainites.

Image: General Perfidio has luffy sideburnsandhandle-
bar mustache like his namesake General Porfirio Diaz, but
isa youngish man with brown hair. He wears black velvet
greatcoat slathered with gold braid and costume-jewelry
medals, in a parody ofa Latin generalissimo. The General can
deftly mimic the pompous oratory ofan old-time politician,

or lay out an argument with the logic and precision of a

professor. He often performs comical imitations of other

well-known Sabbat when he criticizes their positions.
Roleplaying Hints: Keep the others laughing, so they

listen to the rest of what you say — the part that matters.

You've felethe hand of tyranny break your bones. How can

you not fight back? But there are so many tyrants — layers

and layers of them, heading back to... who? The

Antediluvians, surely, but other powers as well. Play the

fool when you must, but you have to warn them. They

have to know. They need the tools to fight, the tools you

can give them, the tools of politics and economics. Didn't

New York show you were right? Whoops, too intense —do

your imitation of Bishop Natalio exhorting the masses to

revolution. Keep the others laughing...

Clan: Malkavian antitvibu

Sire: Diego Diego

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Trickster

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1900

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Empathy 2, Expression 3, Instruction 2, Leader-

ship 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Firearms 1, Performance 3, Professional Skill (com-

edy) 2, Stealth 1

Mexco Cry sy Nicer

80


Academics 2, Economics 2, Expert Knowl-
, Occult 1, Politics 4,

Knowledge:
edge (conspiracy theory) 3, Law
Sabbat Lore 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dementation 3, Obfuscate 3
Backgrounds: Influence 2, Resources 3, Sabbat Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 2

Willpower: 4

NosFeRATU ANTITRIBU

Teresrra, GODMOTHER TO THE DAMNED.

Background: The female Creep called Teresita does
not admit to any surname, or speak of her mortal past. She
says that her true existence began when Gerhardt the
Lizard took her from life, an event she calls an improve-
ment in every way but one: Gerhardt belonged to the
Camarilla. He was an archon, and he used Teresita as his
assistant... a disposable assistant, he let her know. He
Embraced her only because he needed someone small to
pass through narrow pipes. If she wanted to survive, she
would have to work very hard to please him and his master,
and avoid the notice of the Kindred they hunted.

Teresita worked very hard indeed, and Gerhardtnever
found an excuse to force her into a blood bond. After a few
decades, he granted his midget assistant a measure of trust.
He learned his folly when Teresita led a Sabbat pack to
their haven.

Joining the Sabbat meant further decades of hard
work to gain trust. In time, Teresita not only earneda place
in the Black Hand, she became a dominion. She won great
respect for her cunning schemes to infiltrate Black Hand
agents into Camarilla-held cities. When no seraph is in
Mexico City, Teresita is the city's ranking member of the
Black Hand. She regularly interacts with prisci, archbish-
opsand cardinals. She deals with outside contractors such
as Caridad de Flores and Efrain Sortano. The Sabbat
entrusts the tiny dominion with a great variety of secrets.

Since the ancient Assamite seraph Izhim ur-Baal aban-
doned the Sabbat, the Black Hand has needed a new seraph.
Teresita lobbies for the spot. Has she not proved herself
enough times, both as a strategist and in the field? While
attending ritae, she wonders aloud if the "egalitarian" Sabbat
intends the Black Hand to have a glass ceiling for female
Cainites, or for Nosferatu. Appointing a new seraph remains
fairly low on the Consistory's agenda. Gossiping Sabbat say,
however, that Teresita is the leading contender for the post,
ifonly because she spends more time in Mexico City than any
of the older and putatively stronger dominions.

Teresita carefully hides that she still has long-distance
contact with the Nosferatu information network, including
access to SchreckNet. With the help of computer-savvy
Black Hand members, she created a fairly detailed online
persona as a Nosferatu anarch in Los Angeles. Through this
persona, she gathers clan gossip and trades information
about Sabbat whom she dislikes in return for information

about Camarilla Kindred. She hasneversold outany Sabbat
of higher rank than a ductus, and can present plausible
evidence that each victim failed or betrayed the Sabbat in
some way. Nevertheless, the revelation would destroy any
chance of Teresita becoming a seraph.

Image: Teresita stands 3'8" tall, with a slender figure.
She dresses in frilly petticoats with lots of lace. A lace
mobcap on her head hides her few tufts of short, gray hair
Like her long-destroyed sire, scales and warts cover much
of Teresita's mottled, bluish skin.

Roleplaying Hints: You are not angry, you are very
disappointed, and your reprimands do not mean that you
love the childer in your care any less. (Compared to you,
most Sabbat are childer.) Ask them to tell you their
problems, and tell them how proud you will be after they
crush their enemies and the foes of the Sabbat. When one
of your Black Hand soldiers or cadets performs well, give
him a treat by abducting some tasty mortal child from the
streets. You adopt a winsome manner, like a cheerful
nanny. You call neonates and your Black Hand soldiers
"darling child" (nifio querido) and similar endearments as
you pinch cheeks, tidy their clothes, and crush the bones
of anyone who fails you.

Although the Black Hand remains officially apoliti-
cal, you support the Ultra-Conservative faction. You
know that the Sabbat cannot defeat the Camarilla with-
out absolute unity, discipline and strong leadership.
Clan: Nosferatu antitribu
Sire: Gerhardt the Lizard
Nature: Creep Show
Demeanor: Caretaker
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1672
Apparent Age: unpleasantly indeterminate
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Coane Three CHARACTERS

81

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Brawl 3, Empathy 2, Instruction 3, Intimidation 3,
Leadership 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 2, Security 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Black Hand Lore 4, Camarilla Lore 2, Com-
puter 1, Investigation 2, Linguistics 1 (French), Sabbat
Lore 4

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 3, Fortitude 2, Obfus-
cate 4, Potence 4, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Alternate Identity 2, Black Hand Member-
ship 3, Rituals 2

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 2, Courage 3

Moralit
Willpower: 6

Path of Power and the Inner Voice 5

Icarus, THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE

Background: Douglas Portillo was an Atlanta
Nosferatu when the city still belonged to the Camarilla. In
fact Portillo was card-carrying Kindred, participating in
the nightly Jyhad as an information broker for the highest
bidder. He was good enough that he earned the nickname
"Pawnshop," as in a pawnshop of secrets. In the weeks
before the Camarilla found the Sword of Caine thrust into
itsbosom, however, several Kindred met with Final Death
The Camarilla launched an investigation, not realizing
the seemingly random murders were a decoy for the
Sabbat's invasion. Kindred agents under the sheriff and
prince swept through the city, using Auspex to detect the
telltale black lines of diablerie in a vampire's aura. They
found those fractured webs in Portillo's aura.

Douglas Portillo was as bewildered as his associates.
He even spoke with the conviction of truth and inno-
cence, leading the primogen to wonder if Portillo was a

Manchurian Candidate (someone conditioned into be-
lieving his false identity, but acting on the enemy's behalf
in moments of lucidity). That's when the Sabbat launched
its initiative. The primogen, rushed by the assault, tore
through Portillo's thoughts, leaving shredded memories
and tom identities behind. They were hoping Portillo's
real persona had some clue as to the Sabbat's strategy, but
their efforts left him traumatized and frightened out of his
wits. The Sabbat was now sweeping through the city like
a flood, leaving the primogen little time to escape. They
ordered Portillo's destruction before departing for safety,
but a moment of confusion allowed the Sabbat spy to
invoke one of the gifts of Caine and slip away.

Portillo realized his memories were too fragmented to
be real, but his real identity as Vicente Loizillon was
equally broken by the primogen's heavy-handed attempt
to breach his secrets. Portillo was no longer sure which
scrap of memory belonged to the conditioning and which
was actually his. Worse yet, when the Sabbat finally found
him, theirhalfhearted attemptat restoring his real identity
met with failure. Portillo/Loizillon knew the reason why;
Sabbat didn't fix what was broken — they replaced it.
Again, Portillo/Loizillon vanished, though the Sabbat was
less concerned with tracking down a basket case. They
simply reported him as a casualty of the Atlanta struggle
and went about securing the city.

Portillo/Loizillon realized he was now a pariah to
the Camarilla and beneath the Sabbat's notice. Yet his
only hope rested with the Sabbat who conditioned him
in the first place, and with Mexico City, which seemed
integral to some of his memories. Because he was nei-
ther Portillo nor Loizillon, the fractured spy renamed
himself Icarus Falling and made his way south, to where
he believed was once home.

Icarus has been in Mexico City for the last two years
now, trying to unearth his real identity. He remembers
enough about the Sabbat to participate in sect activities,
but he also retains some of Portillo's values, like maintain-
ing the Masquerade. Icarus is particularly uncomfortable
with the sect's violent nature, but is finding allies in like-
minded individuals such as Joseph O'Grady. Unfortunately,
the information-gathering portion of his existence is very
slow going since he has little information to bargain with
just yet. None of the younger Cainites recognize him, and
he is afraid of approaching elder sect members for fear of
their reaction if they do know him. It's the same reason he
avoids the local Nosferatu. To worsen matters, Icarus saw
a glimmer of recognition when he encountered Teresita,
and has the vaguest recollection of being part of the Black
Hand. If he was, however, he's ata loss to explain why he's
missing their brand on his right hand.

Tearus shifts around from cemetery to cemetery using his
Obfuscate and squatting in windowless mausoleums and
crypts. Occasionally, when the desire for a real bed or clean
clothing proves overwhelming, Icarus spendsa couple of days
restingat the El Calpulli Rojo compound as O'Grady's guest

Mexico Cry sy Nica

8

Image: Icarus wears filthy and dark-colored poncho
and wide-brimmed sombrero to hide his face and frame.
Otherwise, he has a fish-like head, compacted at the sides
with an almost pucker mouth and bulging eyes. His almost
non-existent chin accentuates the two fangs jutting down
from under his upper lips.

Roleplaying Hints: How do you know who to trust
when your own damn memories are a shattered parade of
non-sequiturs? You've managed to separate many of your
thoughts into those belonging to Portillo and those of
Loizillon. Because neither seems any more real to you
than the other, however, you've managed only to pick
and chose your preferences instead of sticking to one
identity. That's the problem. Portillo is every bita part of
you as Loizillon, so when the time comes to really
discover yourself, can you destroy one identity in favor of
the other? You don't know, buat the very least, you want
the option. Hopefully you'll have one soon, because after
coming in contact with Teresita of the Black Hand, you
suspect someone's watching you.

Clan: Nosferatu antitribu

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Enigma

Generation: 8th (apparently through diablerie)
Embrace: Unknown,

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Panhandling 1, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Firearms 2, Fire Dancing 1, Melee 2,
Performance 2, Security 1, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: Black Hand Lore 2, Camarilla Lore 1, Com-
puter 2, Investigation 1, Occult 1. Sabbat Lore 1
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 5, Po-
tence 4, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Alternate Identity 1, Contacts 1
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 4

PANDERS

Feo Ramos, THE CaINiTe CABBIE

Background: Young Feo Ramos came from a poor
family in Chalco. He spent much of his time at the
Aeropuerto Internaciénal Benito Judrez. He asked rich
American tourists if he could carry their bags, find them a
cab, help them any way he could — for a small fee. Some
of the money went to his parents. Feo spent the rest on
American magazines, music and clothes. He desperately
wanted to go to the United States, where everyone was
rich. He himself would become rich, and fly in jets with
beautiful women on his arm...

The Sabbat who plucked Feo off the street knew
nothing of this. They simply wanted a few shovelheads to
draw outa Lupine they had vowed to kill. Feo survived the
plan through sheer good luck, instinctive Celerity and
‘American runningshoes. Hedoes not know which Cainite
sired him —half the pack met Final Death anyway. Left to
his own devices, Feo returned to the airport and resumed
as much of his old life as he could.

Twenty years later, Feo still waits in the terminal for
tourists in need of, well, anything. Feo owns his own cab
and boasts that he can find anything or anyone in Mexico
City, for the lowest price. He can deliver on that boast,
too. As he drives, Feo quizzes his fares about life in their
country. A tourist who tips generously and answers Feo's
questions with good humor finds him the best darn cabby
and all-around arranger they ever saw — though he can
drive them only at night. He seems to know what they
want before they speak

Feo eagerly flirts with pretty American women,
who sometimes fall for his puppy-love charm (and lose
abit of blood asa result). A surly or high-handed tourist
finds Feo less useful, and one who travels alone may find
Feo drinking him dry and dumping his body in a
shantytown alley.

Thanks tohis well-developed Auspex, Feo spots many
vampires who fly into AIBJ. He makes a special effort to
meet foreign Cainites. Scare-stories about fiendish
Camarilla elders and their diabolical manipulations dis-
suade Feo from actually moving to the United States, but
he still loves hearing the stories of American Sabbat. In
return Feo guides visitors to temporary havens, open
hunting grounds, cultural attractions and other Sabbat. If
Feo cannot arrange a meeting with a Sabbat, he knows
someone who can.

Feo tries to be every Cainite's confidant, but he never
forgets that some Licks make better company than others. If

Caarrer Three: CHARACTERS

83

a visiting character makes an influential enemy in Mexico
City, Feo will cheerfully deliver that character into that
enemy's grip (though he personally eschews violence). A
local bishop's favor matters more than the enmity of more
distant Cainites. Sometimes this comes asa pleasant surprise
toaCainite whodid not know that his enemy was in town...

The Cainite Cabbie sleeps in a basement room in
Venustiano Carranza district, not far from the airport. He
payshisrenton time, so his landlord asks no questions. Feo
associates with El Grito de Dolor because they are the most
powerful coven nearby, but until a few years ago he rarely
attended ritae.

Image: Feo Ramos looks like a gawky young man with
pomaded black hair, a wide-eyed smile and clothes from
trendy, moderately upscale American stores such as
Nordstrom's. Most of these clothes, however, are actually
pirated imitations. He keeps up with the myriad fads in
American male clothing and ornament. His fares endure
a near-constant chatter about clothes, music, TV and
other light topics, with the occasional leading question to
draw out the other person's interests and opinions.
seems nice, and well worth a generous tip. Everybody
knows Feo, and seems to like him.

Roleplaying Hints: You can't be too helpful. What-
ever someone wants, from Siamese twin hookers to a
meeting with an archbishop (and not the Sabbat kind), you

eagerly do your best to arrange. Use Auspex to read the

minds of mortals and gauge the emotions of your fares.
Spend that Willpower point to hear the thoughts of Cainite
fares; you may find something of advantage to you or to
someone you can please. If you find yourself disagreeing
with someone, change the subject. If someone asks about
your past, say something vague and then change the subject.
If you sell someone out, smile, say it was nothing personal
andbe grateful that youstill wear the best runningshoes that
money can buy. Never get into a fight if you can possibly
help it; talk your way out of a situation, or run away.

Clan: They say you're a Pander. Isn't being a Sabbat enough?
Sire: Don't know, don't care

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Capitalist

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1977

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Yharisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Hobby Talent (pop cul-
ture) 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Area Knowledge (Mexico
City) 4, City Secrets (Mexico City) 4, Linguistics 1 (English)
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Social

Mexco Cry
84

Morality: Humanity 5
Willpower: 3

Jaccepy Anpy, FirtH ANGEL

Background: It'san odd distinction to say "Sascha Vykos
tried to kill me." Actually, most Sabbat know that Sascha
Vykos rarely tries killing a mortal. If it wanted you dead, you'd
be dead; otherwise Sascha is just torturing you. In fact, in
Andy's case, Sascha did kill him. Andy just can't admit it yet.

Andy Jeffries was a typical gringo tourist stereotype in
Mexico City on a group excursion with friends. He'd heard
about the high crime rate and dangerous streets, but his badge
of invulnerability was his citizenship. He was an American,
and nobody fucked with Americans, especially a group of
them. Andy and friends acted invulnerable as well, laughing
loudly at all the "jobless, lazy spics," shouldering their way
through crowds and being obnoxious wherever they went.

On the tail-end of their Mexico City excursion, Andy
and his four friends piled into Feo Ramos' cab, demanding
he take them to a strip club so they could watch "some
Mexican whores dance." Ramos smiled with the gratuitous
si, senor that the five gringos expected from all Mexicans,
and deposited them at the communal haven where a
hunting party was gathering mortals for an upcoming Blood
Feast. Andy and friendsremained caged guests of the Sabbat
fora week, an ordeal horrifying enough to frighten and cow
Andy's entourage — but not Andy. He howled protests and
expletives at these "cultist freaks,"and demanded his release
asan American. The hunting party might have drained him
on the spot, but they wanted to savor his death.

Finally, on the night of the feast, the Sabbat hung all
itsmortal sacrifices upside-down beforeslitting their throats
one by one. Each victim died at the hands of Sabbat
notables in town for the feast, and Andy earned Sascha's
knife. Frightened and at wits end, however, Andy ex:
ecuted his last act of mortal defiance.

8y Niet

Andy spit in Sascha's face

The gathered Sabbat howled and descended upon
Andy, but Sascha held them back with a gesture. It then
passed its hand over Andy's face, burying his mouth, eyes,
ears, and nose behind a shield of skull-bone and flesh.
While Andy twitched and convulsed, suffocating to death,
Sascha told the closest Cainite, "Embrace him."

Andy awoke on a garbage pile, his world dark, silent,
and in raging torment. Jaime and his Filth Angels found
Andy thrashing about and realized his predicament. Like
them, he was a throwaway victim; like them, he was
garbage to the outsiders. The Filth Angels held Andy
down, then took a lead pipe and cracked open his mouth
and eyes. Weak and drained of vitae, Andy had little fight
left in him. He simply accepted the blood they poured
down his throat, and wept bloody streaks at his fate.

A year has passed since Andy suffered Sascha's ministra-
tions, and while he doesn't believe he's dead, he knows he isn't
living either. Andy has also learned to crack his own face open
with a hammer and chisel when he rises at dusk and his shield
of bone and flesh is rejuvenated. His Vinculi with the Filth
Angels prevents him from leaving their landfill despite his
contempt for them. Still, that night with Sascha taught Andy
somethingabout fear,andhe now keepshisopinions to himself
lest someone commit a greater atrocity against him. Besides,
looking the way he does, Andy knows he has no existence left
back home; he's a freak, and Mexico City is his prison.
Eventually, however, when he learns more about himself and
thesect, the formerbully will reemerge,and Jaime, ductusofthe
Filth Angels, may have a threat to his leadership.

Andy is willing to ingratiate himself to any "white"
Cainite. Despite Jaime's edict against outsiders, Andy has
been sneaking out at night, tentatively exploring his
surroundings. That makes him a tool or scapegoat for
anyone seeking a dupe, or a potential footman/enforcer if
someone recognizes his potential for grunt work.

Image: Andy's face is a normally a curved plate of
skin over featureless underlying bone. Every night, how-
ever, Andy goes through the miserable torture of chiseling
open holes for his eyes and ears (he ignores his flat nose).
To open his mouth, however, Andy cracks and breaks
open a ragged slash where his lips once were, past the
jaw's hinges to the edge of the skull's facial plate. This
allows him to bite victims, perforating their skin with the
jagged and broken bone around his maw, and giving him
a wide, ear-to-ear gash. He dresses like a derelict with
soiled clothing and filth-matted hair. Most people, how-
ever, can't look past the face.

Roleplaying Hints: This is a nightmare... it must be.
Nothing can be this horrible, this vivid, right? The nightly
pain of breaking open your face, the jitters and clawing
anxiety that screams for blood every evening... none of it
real. Wake up, Goddammit! These spics treat you like
family and you can't stand them... wait... did you just say
that out loud? It's hard to tell anymore. Gotta be more
careful... there are other nightmares out there worse than
this one, or at least that's what they say. Can't be, but

you're not taking the risk. Just shut up and don't say
anything and maybe you'll wake up... please...

Clan: Panders

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Bravo
Demeanor: Conformist (r
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 2001

Apparent Age: early 20s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 1,
Intimidation 3

Skills: Crafts 2, Drive 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 1, Law 2

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Fortitude 1, Potence 2
Backgrounds: None
Virtues: Conscience
Morality: Humanity
Willpower: 3

Note: Because Andy deliberately hurts himself every
evening tosee, hear, and feed, he suffers one level of lethal
damage automatically. Should he heal that damage by
expending blood, the bone and caul return, as it does
anyway every dusk. Should he attempt to soak the damage,
he cannot break through the bone.

ent change)

2, Self-Control 2, Courage 2
5)

RAvVNOS ANTITRIBU

Josera, Voice of APOCALYPSE

Background: As a mortal, Josefa Teotalco joined the
Church as a nun. She was not pious, but Mexico held few
other escapes from grinding poverty. As Josefa mouthed

Caunrrer Tht: CHaRacters

8

the worlds and went through the motions, however, her
faith grew with practice.

Her sire's pack wanted an all-nun auxiliary for some
bizarre scheme now long forgotten. Josefa received the
Embrace and a shovel to the head. Her damnation horri-
fied her at first, but she adapted with her usual practicality.
How could she advance herself in this society of monsters?
Especially when, at 14th generation, she was significantly
weaker than the other Cainites in her pack?

Once again, Josefa chose religion. The Path of Caine's
faith and practices seemed at least a little like the Church
she already knew. She mouthed the words of the Book of
Nod and went through the motions of the ritae. What she
lacked in Cainite power, she strove to remedy with a show
of devotion. It helped that Josefa sometimes showed un-
cannily shrewd insight into the hidden motives of the
sect's elders. Once again, her faith became genuine with
practice. Josefa joined the Little Sisters of Zillah, a pack of
other female Sabbat who honored Caine.

Her unlife changed in 1999 as a terrible Week of
Nightmares and fratricidal frenzy swept over the Ravnos
antitribu. Josefa's packmates held her in chains, defended
her from other Ravnos antitribu who sought her vitae, and
marveled as strange, apocalyptic visions played out above

Josefa as she screamed and thrashed.

Josefa emerged from her frenzy a changed Cainite.
She had seen Gehenna, and survived the judgment of God
and Caine upon her clan. The other clans would receive
their trials before long. The Sabbat must prepare itself for
the last judgment, now. The priest for the Little Sisters of
Zillah doubted her; Josefa challenged her to Monomacy on
the spot, and diablerized her.

The Little Sisters of Zillah now exhort Mexico City's
Sabbat to revive their faith in Caine as sole prophet and
redeemer of the Cainite race. They say that the Sabbat
must make a final, great push to overthrow the
Antediluvians' conspiracy of elders. No more strategizing,
Josefa says; no more husbanding of forces. The Sabbat
must fight like there's no tomorrow, because there isn't.

Josefa's new fervor and apocalyptic charisma make hera
rising star in the Sabbat. Dozens of common Sabbat regularly
attend her revival meetings and chant her slogans. Josefa's
prestige now exceeds her actual Status as a pack priest;
consistory members speak of promoting her to a bishopric or
guidingherinto the Sabbat Inquisition. Nota few bishopssee
her as an emerging rival they should co-opt or destroy.

Although her Noddist fervor is entirely sincere, Josefa
does not actually know much Noddist lore. An influential
elder noticed her fanaticism and charisma, and now men-
tors her. The elder vampire supplies Josefa with Noddist
information and rhetorical points to use in her sermons
and revival meetings. This elder is not a devout Noddist,
but Josefa's gratitude for the help — and her limited
knowledge — blinds her to the distortions and outright
lies that her mentor plants in the Noddist lore. When
Josefa lowered her generation, she lost her intuitive sense

for the plots of fellow Cainites. The elder uses Josefa as an
unwitting mouthpiece for his or her own agenda. We leave
the identity of the elder for Storytellers to choose for
themselves, but any of the three senior prisci described in
this chapter would suffice.

Image: Josefa looks like a short, middle-aged Indian
woman ina nun's habit. Her black wimple frames a broad,
dark-skinned face. Sometimes her eyes wildly dart back
and forth, and she speaks slowly and softly. When Josefa
speaks of Caine and Gehenna, however, her gaze locks at
middle distance. She ignores what's actually in front of her
as she speaks louder and louder, harder and faster, until the
words tumble out like a hail of bullets.

Roleplaying Hints: Turn conversations to the wis-
dom of Caine or preparing for Gehenna. Tell your fellow
Cainites what they must do to survive the terrible judg-
ment to come. They must slay all the elders who serve the
vile Antediluvians, destroy the Camarilla, and follow
proper Cainite Paths of Enlightenment. You express strong
opinions on which Sabbat leaders you consider properly
zealous, and which are lax or misguided.

You still feel some connection to your mortal faith.
The kine also need to revive their faith in these End
Times. When you hear mortals express doubt about the
Church, you feel a powerful urge to give them a "religious
experience" using your Chimerstry. You feel an equally
strong compulsion to provide "visions of Caine" to Sabbat
who scoff at your devotions.

Clan: Ravnos antitribu

Sire: Luisa Montoya

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1974

Apparent Age: 46

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 2,
Leadership 3, Streetwise 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 2, Fire Dancing 4, Melee 2
Knowledges: Academics 1, Law 2, Linguistics (Latin,
Zapotec) 2, Occult 1, Sabbat Lore 2

Disciplines: Chimerstry 2, Fortitude 2, Presence 1
Backgrounds: Mentor 4, Rituals 2, Sabbat Status 1
Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 2, Courage 5

Morality: Path of Caine 3

Willpower: 5

Merits/Flaws: Face the Flames (see note below, or Time
of Thin Blood, p. 81)

Note: Josefa does not fear fire as much as other Cainites
do. In her nightmare frenzy she saw angels of God's wrath
walk the earth as pillars of fire, and the sun multiplied in
the heavens. A mere bonfire is nothing: She receives two

Mexco Cry ay Niet

86


extra dice for rolls to resist Rétschreck, on top of her high
Courage and Fire Dancing Traits.

SERPENTS OF THE LIGHT

Asspie NORBERG, Fat_ep TEMPLAR

Background: Abbie married her high school sweet-
heart Jack immediately after graduation, and proudly
changed her surname to Norberg. A month later her
husband was drafted for the Great War, leaving her alone
in New Orleans. Abbie promised to stay faithful, while
Jack promised to come home alive. After two years,
however, Abbie weakened, just once, with a handsome
grocer. Abbie kept herself from completing her infidelity,
but she had wanted... and a few days later, she received the
letter telling her that Jack had died Over There.

Abbie blamed herself. Crushed with grief and shame,
she became an alcoholic. Jack's military pension was not
enough for food, booze and a roof over her head, but men
offered her money if she would break faith with Jack one
more time. Prohibition made alcohol harder to obtain and
of a lower quality. A tainted bottle of homebrew hooch
nearly killed Abbie and left her blind. By that pointshe did
not much care what happened to her.

That's when a Setite coterie found Abbie. She was a
perfect specimen of self-degradation and self-loathing... a
perfect recruit. The Setites pulled Abbie out of the gutter,
gave her the death she sought, and pulled her back through
the Embrace. They trained her to compensate for her
blindness, and Abbie excelled. She found her advancement
in the cult limited, however, by her secular temperament.

Decades later, a religious struggle within the Follow-
ers of Set drove Abbie's cult to seek refuge in the Sabbat.
The cult become part of the Serpents of the Light. Abbie's
blindness and hyper-developed other senses fascinated
scientific Tzimisce and Toreador antitribu. They gave
Abbie more respect than her clanmates ever had. Efrain
Sortano (then merely adominion) made Abbie his templar
so he could study her, and she strove to excel in this new
role. After a few decades Efrain retired from active warfare
to become a priscus, and he decided that he did not need
a templar anymore. Abbie feared that she had failed, but
soon found an even better position — as one of the
templars who guarded the regent herself! Abbie served
Melinda Galbraith to the utmost of her abilities. Melinda
trusted Abbie enough to have her guard her door at the
2001 Palla Grande.

Ever since then, however, the regent has shunned her
faithful paladin. Abbie does not know why. She drives
herself to distraction worrying that she has displeased the
regent in some way.

Image: Abbie Norberg wasa notable beauty once, but
a decade of alcoholism and self-abasement left her faded
and worn. The Embrace did not entirely heal her broken
veins and jaundiced yellow skin. She has straight, shoul-
det-length blond hair and a narrow face with strong
cheekbones. As a templar, she wears ballistic armor be-

Carrer Tote:

87

neath a tailored business suit and carries a silver-plated
bowie knife, nightstick and taser.

Roleplaying Hints: You were so happy. You had a
duty and you did it well. You know you did it well. You were
someone special. Now... How did it all go so wrong? How
did you not notice? You know where this cycle of brooding
and drinking leads, but you don't care anymore. You don't
know what to do. You knew what to do as Jack's wife. You
knew what to do as a whore. You knew what to do as a
Serpent of the Light and asa templar. Won't someone tell
you what to do again?

Clan: Serpents of the Light
Sire: Missy Shillingford
Nature: Perfectionist
Demeanoi
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1927
Apparent Age: early 30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
ial: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

al: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Streetwise 3
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Melee 4, Vamp 1

Knowledges: Linguistics 3 (Braille, Creole, English,
French), Occult 2, Setite Lore 1, Sabbat Lore 1

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Obfuscate 2, Serpentis 3
Backgrounds: Sabbat Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Morality: Path of Honorable Accord 3 and dropping
Willpower: 4

Merits/Flaws: Alternate Sense (see Chapter Five).

Note: What follows deals with Abbie's future — how she
reacts when the regent is exposed as an impostor. The

+ Soldier

HARACTERS

revelation crushes Abbie all over again. She failed. She
was not good enough and someone died because of it. Even
worse, some Cainites think she may have betrayed the
regent in some way. Abbie withdraws from Sabbat society
to seek solace in the blood of alcoholics. She can be roused
from her misery, however, if someone offers her a chance
to find the real murderer of Melinda Galbraith, or some
other way that she can redeem her honor.

TOREADOR ANTITRIBU

Venere CARBONI, THE DEMON Maestro

7th generation, childe of Malabranca

Clan: Toreador antitribu

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1530s

Apparent Age: mid-20s

The priscus Venere Carboni was Embraced not long
after the Anarch Revolt, in the decades when scattered
bands of anarchs swore blood-pacts to each other and
defined themselves as the Sabbat. As a mortal, Venere
wandered through central Italy as a troubador. Bandit
attacks followed wherever he wandered, for as he sang and
played his lute, Venere watched and learned when mer-
chants were due to travel. The small company of brigands
met their match, however, in one of the new Sabbat packs.
The Cainites decided that they wanted music after dining
on the rest of the bandits, and so they spared the minstrel
Venere played for his life, and played a little too well: A
Toreadorantitribu in the pack Embraced him. The troubador
continued to scout out victims, but now for the Sabbat.

Over the centuries Venere rose through the Sabbat's
ranks until he became a priscus in the late nineteenth
century. He moved from Italy to Mexico so he could watch
the revolution. Venere spent much of his time in Mexico
City after that, but made occasional short sojourns abroad
on sect diplomatic missions or junkets to watch civil wars
and make them worse.

Centuries of practice make Venere one of the greatest
musicians in the world. If it has strings to strum, pluck or
bow, Venere can play it, and likely better than any mortal.
He learned how to interweave the Toreador's emotion-
twisting power into his songs and music. Venere amuses
himself by playing the guitar in mariachi bandsand trendy
Condesa bars and nightclubs. He reweaves the emotions of
the mortals around him to create playlets of lust, jealousy,
hate, folly, ambition, rage and fear. His current haven is
the back room of one such café. Venere also owns a derelict
factory that he converted into a sports arena for Cainites
— or rather, his Grimaldi retainer owns it for him.

The Toreador antitribu appears asa pale young man with
mouse-brown hair, a sparse mustache and fringe of beard and
anarrow, mobile face. He usually dresses in jeans anda t-shirt
or in his mariachi costume. Venere stands 5'8" tall.

Venere joined the coalition that placed Melinda
Galbraith in power. During her regime, Venere served as
"party whip" by charming, persuading and negotiating with
the coalition's supporters to keep them loyal. He became
the consistory's most visible advocate for the Status Quo
viewpoint. He also possesses excellent connections among
prominent antitribu and presents himself as the consistory's
advocate for these smaller lineages against the Lasombra-
Tzimisce duopoly. Some antitribu even believe him.

Venere regards himself as Melinda Galbraith's natural
successor as regent. Few Sabbat in Mexico City, and none
within the Galbraith coalition, can match his connections
among the city's bishops, ducti and priests who form the
backbone of the sect. Rank and file Sabbat know him as the
impresario responsible for popular Cainite bullfights and
lucha libre spectacles. His many embassies from Galbraith to
cardinals and archbishops around the world give Venere a
network of boons and connections beyond Mexico City as
well. Asa true Status Quo follower, Venere fully supports the
waragainst the Camarillaand the Antediluvians. He believes
that the Sabbat's best strategy, however, isto stalk andkill the
Methuselahs who serve as the chief agents of the Ancients.

Micuet Orozco

Background: Miguel Orozco remembers poverty too
well. He remembers his family's dilapidated shack in the
slums and he recalls hating his father for begging and
scavenging for money to feed his alcoholism. When Orozco
was 12, he approached a local drug dealer and asked him
for work. He became a lookout, then a courier, but his
father stole most of whatever money Orozco earned for
himself. When his father beat him within an inch of hislife
for withholding pesos, Miguel ran away.

By the time he wasin his late teens, Orozco had become
an enforcer for a Tijuana Cartel drug dealer of some stand-
ing. Orozco, in turn, wasn't magnificently bright or
sharp-witted, but his distaste for the pauper's life turned him
into a brutal and efficient enforcer. He was destined for
underworld respectability as someone's bodyguard. That's
when Los Muertos Alegres Embraced him, and that's when
Orozco met Carlos Diaz, another enforcer working for a
Tijuana Cartel brothel. The two became fast allies.

To Diaz and Orozco, the Sabbat seemed like nothing
more than infants playing in the mud. The Sabbat wielded
tremendous power and it acted like a lion among men, butt
wasn't investing or using its abilities lucratively. In fact, it
dwelled ikea pauper in many instances, relyingon petty theft
to bankroll its activities for one more evening of partying.
Diaz and Orozco wanted more than a hand-to-mouth exist-
ence, and they convinced their pack of the same. They ran
small prostitution rings, sold drugs, and kidnapped rich locals
for cash. They bought expensive clothes and jewelry, and the
members enjoyed a standard of existence unknown to them
previously. Unfortunately, Orozcoandhismaterialisticagenda
was also responsible for driving two members from the pack.
The two complained to Bishop Natalio, who secretly inves-
tigated Orozco's activities.

(Mexico Cry ay Nicat

8

Orozco used his contacts within the Tijuana Cartel to
help his pack work as enforcers, couriers, and even distribu-
tots. The money was good, and the cartel, which wasalready
known for its violent measures, welcomed the brutality of
Orozco and his pack without realizing their curse asCainites.
Diaz and Orozco hoped to rise within the cartel's echelons,
eventually assuming positions of power and importance, but
Bishop Natalio exposed them and punished them with

combined sanctions from the other bishops, stopping their
activities cold. Since the Sabbat's interdiction, Orozco has
been looking for profit he could disguise as beneficial to the
Sabbat. Relying on his contacts and underworld connec-
tions, he's hoping to usurp one of the cartel's distribution
pipelines into San Diego or Los Angeles, giving the Sabbat
a stronger foothold in the region while netting him profit.

Unfortunately, the Tijuana cartel is armed to the teeth.
Orozcohas yet to win one fightagainst them. Ifhe
one lieutenant, the Tijuana cartel kills of a handful of his
contacts trying to find him. Because of this, Diz and Orozco
have decided to switch tactics and go after the beleaguered
Gulf Cartel and its cocaine network. Instead of attacking
personnel, Orozco now Embraces cartel members to obtain
their loyalty through the Vaulderie. Alternatively, he ap-
proaches ex-cartel members and young thugs within the
Sabbat. This has proved to be a more successful gambit,
though Orozco still has much to learn about the fine art of
balancing personal self-interest with that of the Sabbat.

Orozco and Dide maintain strong ties to Mexico's
underworld, and their influence grows steadily. With each
person they Embrace, turn into a ghoul or torture, they
gain more crucial information and more power to create
ripples in Mexico City's criminal counterculture. Unfor-
tunately, their influence also translates as roads leading
back to them, and if the major cartels ever discover the
would-be drug monarchs trying to claim a kingdom in the
heartof established territory, Orozcoand the Encapuchados
will have a cartel war they cannot win. Unfortunately,
whether Orozco understands the risks or not, he's never
been one for patience or prolonged subtlety,

Orozco is a contrabandista to the core, and still mea-
sures his successes against that of the cartels, He hopes to
pick up the pieces of what he believes is the Gulf Cartel's
impending collapse. To facilitate this, Orozco has made
ghouls of several dealers working for the Gulf s
and uses their knowledge to feed the Sonora and Juér
Cartels crucial information. He's hoping to sparka feeding
frenzy over Gulfinterests, then secure men and contacts in
the chaotic fallout. With that, he plans on building an
Orozco Cartel... for the Sabbat, of course.

Image: Orozco's appearance betrays strong Indian
blood in his veins. His skin is dark, though not so much as
when he was living, and his lips are full and thick. Other-
wise, his wavy black hair falls to his shoulders and he wears
imported silk suits when the occasion permits. He is tall,
fit and handsome, and his penetrating black eyes draw
their share of women, especially single tourists.

issassinates

ndicate,

Roleplaying Hints: The Sabbat's single-minded de-
votion to certain principles is maddening. You believe in
the sect's principles just as you believed in Catholicism
when you attended church regularly as a mortal. At least
the Catholic Church permitted you your extravagances
on the side, as long as you donated money and offered
confession. The Sabbat, however, is even more heav'
handed, blind to the fortunes it could be reaping. You like
being rich and well dressed, and you see little contradic-
tion in playing the faithful and pious Cainite while pursuing
your indulgences. After all, if the sect advocates personal
independence, then why the hell are the bishops riding
you so hard?

Clan: Toreador antitribu

Sire: Conchita Morales

Nature: Capitalist

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1993

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 1, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Security 1, Stealth
1, Survival 2
Knowledges: Fi
Disciplines: Celerity 3, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Resources 3
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 1, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 5

ance 1, Underworld Lore 3

Cornpmen Three: CHARACTERS

8

VENTRUE ANTITRIBU

Josep O'Grapy,
Ductusor Et CarpuLtr Rojo

Background: Despite his name, fair skin and straw-
berry blond hair, Joseph O'Grady is as much a chilango
(Mexican City denizen) as his swarthier brethren are. Five
generations of O'Gradys have lived in Mexico City, and
they are not the only Irish-Mexicans in the region. In fact,
the Patricios — or "Patricks" — maintain a sizable com-
munity, since many fought in every significant skirmish in
contemporary Mexican history. Their contribution dur-
ing the Mexican-American War was enough to earn them
a statue dedication in Mexico City.

Joseph O'Grady never felt different from other
chilangos, and was thus shocked when a gang of Patricios
attacked him specifically because of his Irish heritage.
They wanted more "green-blooded kinsmen" in the pack,
and forced the Embrace upon O'Grady before subjecting
him to the even more dubious Creation Rite called "pitch-
ing" (as in pitching someone offa high building to see ifhe
survives). That wasall the violence O'Grady could handle,
though he didn't realize it at the time.

Forced into an existence of brutality, O'Grady tried
convincing himselfhe wasa fiend anda monster. Afterall, his
pack of Patricios, the Bean-Sidhe (banshees), acted like
beasts, and he was now supposedly no different from them.
Despite his rationale, however, each murder and act of
brutality sickened Joseph and eroded hisalready waning spirit
through attrition. Still he felt no other recourse available,
especially since he knew the Bean-Sidhe would end his
existence if he rebelled or questioned their principles.

Fortunately, O'Grady eventually discovered more
about the Sabbat and the options available to him. He
realized he wasn't relegated to an unlife of brutality nor to
the Path of the Feral Heart like the Cainite Patricios who

Embraced him; he also learned about packs like El Calpulli
Rojo and Cainites like Frances Derossi. Exasperated with
the mindless carnage of his kin, O'Grady fled to El Calpulli
Rojo's communal haven and asked for asylum. Derossi
accepted the young vato into his care, then asked Bishop
Natalio to intervene with the Bean-Sidhe on his behalf to
forestall any actions against O'Grady.

Although the Bean-Sidhe proved a constant thorn
in O'Grady's side, nearly destroying him on a couple of
occasions, they eventually drifted north and fell with
New York. During those latter years, O'Grady discovered
the Path of Honorable Accord and even succeeded
Derossi as ductus of El Calpulli Rojo. Since assuming the
pack's leadership, O'Grady has been far more active than
his predecessor, actually meeting with packs and locating
Cainites trapped by circumstance and ignorance as he
once was. Unfortunately, some packs barely tolerate
O'Grady's evangelical efforts. A few Cainites challenged
him to Monomacy, but O'Grady's time with the Bean-
Sidhe instilled him with a surprisingly strong fighting
spirit. Few opponents properly account for O'Grady's
hidden ferocity.

The El Calpulli Rojo compound is the only "home"
O'Grady has known since the Embrace. O'Grady is privy to
many minor secrets, thanks to those seeking asylum or
sanctuary from him. He has become a confessor of sorts,
discovering tidbits of information about the various packs
from their expatriated members. Most of his bits of info are
embarrassing foibles more than gritty secrets, but it does
offer O'Grady some leverage over his adversaries. His prin-
ciple influence lies with Regent Galbraith and Bishop
Natalio, though the Regent has been distracted of late.
Otherwise, O'Grady knows many of Mexico City's Founded
Packs, and is on cordial terms with some of them. A few
Cainites owe O'Grady thanks for helping them in personal
matters, which O'Grady capitalizeson when the needarises.

Image: Whatever tan O'Grady earned beneath the
Mexican sun is long gone, leaving him with his pale,
white, Irish complexion. Strawberry blond hair tops his
head while his smirk disarms most mortals. People are
generally surprised to hear him speak Spanish fluently.
O'Grady isalso lanky and topssix feet in height. He dresses
casually with loose-fitting cotton shirts and jeans.

Roleplaying Hints: Cainites call you a coward because
you avoid conflict when possible. They don't know the
truth. Youkilled and murdered with the Bean-Sidhe, even-
tually fighting that pack off as well. You are tough in any
arena, but you see no need to waste that strength battling
your sect brethren and sisters... unless it's necessary to keep
the jackals off your back. Your prime concerns right now are
finding money to maintain the communal haven ,as well as
rescuing Sabbat who've been deluded into believing vio-
lence is their only recourse. The Sabbat needs fighters as
much as they need spies, administrative assistants, teachers
and even counselors. You're here to help Cainites serve the
sect with whatever talents they possess.

Méxco Cav ay Nicer

%


Clan: Ventrue antitribu
Sire: Angel Shaunessy
Nature:
Demeanor: Architect

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1949

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 4, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 1, Survival 2
Knowledges: Finance 2, Investigation 1, Linguistics 1,
Politics 2, Underworld Lore 1

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Dominate 2, Fortitude 3, Presence 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 4, Sabbat Status 2
Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 2, Courage 4

Morality: Path of Honorable Accord 7

Willpower: 6

Rico Loco, tHt MAD BOMBER
Background: Ricardo Alvarez came from a middle-
class family in Guadalajara. He was frail and needed braces

Suru

and glasses; he got picked on a lot, until he discovered the
joys of homemade fireworks. Things that went boom
brought him the admiration of the other kids and set the
course of his life and undeath.

College brought Ricardo to Mexico City, and like
many students, he fell in with a radical leftist crowd.
Having a real live bomb-maker in their group made
Ricardo's new friends feel wonderfully dangerous. Once in
a while they made a statement by blowing up a billboard
belonging to a corporation they disliked.

The Tlatelolco massacre changed Ricardo intoamore
genuine radical. He did not attend the rally butsome of his
friends did, and one died. Ricardo decided to retaliate by
bombing a police station... and his friends decided that
they were not quite that radical. Ricardo found himself all
alone and on the run.

The Sabbat found him. His sire, a member of El Grito
de Dolor, thought that the coven could use a bomb-
throwing revolutionary. Ricardo fell in love with
Rosa-Maria Obregén the moment they met, though he
knew nothing about her, and her causes became his. Rosa-
Maria told Ricardo about the Camarilla, the secret masters
behind all the oppression in the world. As Rosa-Maria's
ghoul, Ricardo demolished or burned the havens of several
Camarilla "Kindred" and a few of the coven's enemies in
other packs. That was fun, and it pleased Rosa-Maria, the
most entirely wonderful creature in the universe.

Eventually, Ricardo earned the Embrace and Cre-
ation Rites. Ricardo found that his Cainite existence
carried blessings with its curses. The subtle shrinking and
tightening of his undead body fixed his myopia just fine.

He could roughen his frail body with vitae, and it kept
growing tougher and tougher. Vaulderie with his
packmates convinced him that he finally had compan-
ions who would never abandon him. He lost sex, but then
he'd never had that much anyway, and gained the Kiss
instead. He fought the power and got to blow shit up
Being Sabbat fucking rocked! A few years later, Ricardo
received an even greater honor when the Black Hand
dominion Teresita invited him to become a cadet. She
honed his skills and sharpened his obsessions to make
Ricardo the laughing fanatic he is tonight.

Most Sabbat think that Ricardo is out of his mind,
hence his common nickname. That doesn't prevent some
Sabbat from admiring him. El Grito de Dolor is proud to
have him as a member, though Bishop Natalio insists that
he keep his workshop far from the communal haven. Like
Natalio, Rico Loco sees the Jyhad against the Antediluvians
as part and parcel with Mexico's revolutionary struggle for
freedom and justice. If the Black Hand has one complaint
about Rico, it's that when he kills an enemy he generally
leaves nothing to diablerize.

Rico doesn't care. He freely joins any faction or plot that
promises him a chance to make a big boom. Camarilla,
independent, Sabbat, mortal, other — the target makes no
difference. Rico justifiesattacksonotherSabbaton the grounds
that anyone who would become an enemy of El Gritode Dolor
musthave allen from true loyalty to Sabbat ideals, buthe really
just likes the thrill of power he gets from destruction. Rico is
highly skilled at making and planting bombs and incendiary
devices. He can builda variety of remotely controlled, timed or
booby-trapped devices, but prefers to watch his explosions.

Image: Rico Loco looks like a pale, skinny and un-
shaven young man with unkempt black hair. He wears
inexpensive jeans and shirts and a scorched, chemical-
stained leather jacket. He never wears synthetic fibers:
They melt and stick when they burn. He smells of gasoline

Caapren Tyree: CHARACTERS

ot

and chemicals. He often asks people to speak up and talks
loudly himself, because his explosive experiments in his
mortal days left him slightly deaf.

Roleplaying Hints: Laugh as you toss around sticks of
dynamite and Molotov cocktails, or when you leap froma tall
building to belly-flop on the street. You're tough, so flaunt it
Laugh even more if someone warns that "tough" does not
mean "indestructible" and you're likely to blow yourself up.
Instant death in a massive, fiery explosion? Yeah, that's the
way you want to go. Rico feeds only on service station
attendants: He likes the hintofoil and gasoline in their blood.
Clan: Ventrue antitribu
Sire: Rosa-Maria Obregén
Nature: Celebrant
Demeanor: Complete Fucking Maniac (okay, Deviant)
Generation: 13th
Embrace: 1972
Apparent Age: early 20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Intimidation 2, Streetwise 3
Skills: Crafts (electronics) 3, Demolitions 4, Drive 1,
Firearms 1, Fire Dancing 2, Security 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Black Hand Lore 2, Linguistics 1 (English),
Science 3
Disciplines: Fortitude 4, Potence 1
Backgrounds: Black Hand Membership 2
Virtue:
Morality: Humanity 3
Willpower: 5
Merits/Flaws: Daredevil, Hard of Hearing

OTHERS

onscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 5

Paste SALAMANCA ¥ GRIMALDI,
EVENANT INTHE KNOW

Background: The Salamanca branch of the Grimaldi
revenant family has served the Sabbat of Mexico with

distinction since before Independence. Bankers, finan-
ciers, diplomats and majordomos to their Cainite betters,
they help maintain the coffers of the Sword of Caine and
turn prying mortal eyes aside lest they offend those who
have abandoned the concerns of the day. Or at least, so
goes the official family history.

Inactuality, the Salamancas are—like revenants and
ghouls across the globe — the Sabbat's bitches. They tend
to some purse-strings, keep key politicians too busy with
bribes, whores and smack to care much about stories of
nasty shit in the shadows, and have to deal with the after-
effectsof every wannabe bishop's new and oh-so-disturbing
ritus. Of course, the Salamancas enjoy the benefits of being
one of the richest families in Latin America — they have
the best cars, the best drugs, the best homes and suffer the

least grave consequences for their indiscretions. But ulti-
mately, the Salamancasarea family ofslaves, and somewhat
tawdry ones at that.

Pablo Salamanca y Grimaldi has spent almost two
decades trying, very carefully, to change all that. He is the
only son of the family patriarch Ernesto Rivera Salamanca
and his eighth wife (and third cousin) Francesca Grimaldi
Francesca was brought over from the Grimaldi homeland
around Florence to reinvigorate the Salamanca breeding
stock, but Ernesto kept her for himself, She complained of
course, but plucking out her tongue and eyes solved all
that. Her only revenge was to die during childbirth.

Pablo was born during the Revolution. He grew up
watching his father and uncles gain concessions and
build the family's wealth on the backs of every petty
general and president who came along. When he became
a man, he drank the blood of Rafaela Lapaz, one of the
Teimisce who tended the Salamanca line. He spent 60
years as her loyal thrall, and she blessed him with several
fleshcraftings and other marks of her favor. Then, in
1985, came the earthquake.

When the ground split open, he rushed to his beloved
mistress's lair only to find her cowering in a comer in a
small patch ofshade— the rest of her haven exposed tothe
sun. He saw the last bit of masonry crumble and the flesh
of his undead mistress bubble, tearand crack. She screamed,
collapsed and burst into flame. Within a few minutes, the
perfect monster Pablo had worshipped for six decades was
exposed as nothing but a terrified weakling. The bond of
blood that had kept him enslaved was broken.

Pablo's father also died in the earthquake. Pablo
quickly rose to a leadership role and now serves as presi-
dent of El Grupo Salamanca , the family's diversified
financial and legal services company. From his offices high
in the Torre Latinamericana, he manages the numerous
accounts, properties and holding companies needed to

Mexco Cry sy Next

2


assist the Sabbat asa functional entity. Most Cainites take
his services for granted, and that's what he wants —for the
time being. While they see him as the powerless fool, he
uses his influence to goad key members into dangerous
situations — be it raids into Los Angeles or ill-advised
Monomacy duels and fire dances. None have noticed just
how much of the natural Sabbat attrition over the last
couple decades has come from the ranks of those who serve
as domitors for Grimaldi revenants. Or just how many of
these revenants are now free of the blood bond imposed to
keep them loyal.

For his own part, Pablo does his best to hide the fact
thathe isnow dependent on vampiric blood. Approaching
a century in age, he needs vitae to keep himself capable,
but is all too aware of the emotional effects of drinking
vampire blood. Even were he to avoid the all out blood
bond, but a single sip creates loyalties and emotions to
which he is not anxious to subject himself. To solve this
problem, Pablo has created a network designed to bring
neonates and other weaklings (mostly American refugees
from the chaos in California) to Mexico, where his rela-
tives exsanguinate and destroy them. Although the blood
loses its potency quickly, he and many other Salamancas
can restore their inhuman reserves by drinking on the
spot. The few Cainites who have escaped from the
Salamancas met their fate at the hands of Mexican Sabbat.

Pablo maintains a variety of properties, including his
high rise offices on Eje Central and a large home in San
Angel. He is most proud, however, of the family holdings
in the town of Guanajuato. Once the site of the richest
silver vein in the Americas, Guanajuato was quite literally
carved into a ravine. It includes such strange sights as city
streets dug entirely underground and others sunk into
crevices with overlooking balconies blocking out sun-
light. Guanajuato was once the haven of a clutch of
Nosferatu antitribu, most of whom met their ends during
the earthquake of 1985. Those who didn't ended up on the
sharp end of Salamanca stakes.

Pablo was to meet with Regent Galbraith during the
Palla Grande of 2000, both to discuss some financial
matters and to satisfy her hobby of parodying mortal sex-
acts. When he arrived, she simply ignored him and
proceeded to the ball. He investigated and found signs of
a struggle. Over the following months, he came to under-
stand that the current regent was an impostor, and a
less-than-brilliant one at that. Pablo has since expended a
great deal of resources to keep this secret, both because a
weak leader suits his needs and because he suspects the true
Galbraith is still out there.

Many members of the so-called Sword of Caine never
even wonder about the resources required to maintain the
sect's presence in the city. They think such things are
quaint mortal concerns. Pablo is constantly amused by just
how panicked his targets become when they can no longer
access the resources they once took for granted. This
advantage is now very much under threat from the newly
arrived Eleiser de Polanco, one of the rare Sabbat who pays
attention to mortal affairs. An accident, it would seem, is
once more in order.

Image: Pablo is the image of the sophisticated Mexi-
can executive. Slightly more relaxed and significantly
more suave than his Anglo counterparts on Wall Street,
Pablo wears his wavy hair a little long and his suits are cut
onan Italian instead of British model. His eyes, a deep sea
green, are often hidden behind slightly tinted sunglasses.
Under his haute couture attire, Pablo bears the signs of
other, less human designers. His former domitor used her
fleshcrafting arts to make him more to her liking, most
notably transforming his nipples into small fanged mouths
with long probing tongues.

Roleplaying Hints: You are very good at playing a
very dangerous game. Were the Sabbat — any Sabbat —
touncover your plans to liberate the family, your life would
be forfeit. Maintain a fagade of calm whenever dealing
with the unbreathing things and find ways to vent yout
rage safely. The city is full of people who won't be missed,
whose screams won't ever be heard.

Revenant Family: Grimaldi

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Conformist

First Thrall: 1920

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Expression 4, Intimidation 2, Lead-
ership 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Finance 4, Law 3, Linguistics
3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Potence 1, Presence 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Influence 4, Re-
sources 5, Retainers 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

(Corarren Three: CHARACTERS

93


Asettinganda bunch of characters do not, by themselves,
make astory. This chapter suggests ways to make Mexico City
come alive — or undead — through plotlines. Some are large
and splashy, with the potential to change the Sabbat forever.
Others are more personal, but could affect the characte!
as deeply. The chapter describes three plotlines in detail, and
concludes with a few other plots that a Storyteller can develop
on her own. Each plot thread comes with suggestions about
how to involve the players' characters, soa troupe should have
no trouble making its characters part of the story.

Before starting a Mexico City chronicle, the Story-
teller should decide which plot threads to use. Trying to
workin toomany plot threads at once can make achronicle
too busy and confusing — everything's happening at once
and the players do not know which potential story to
follow. Giving the troupe just one plot thread, however,
can make a chronicle too narrow and forced.

The length ofa chronicle affects how many plot threads
it can accommodate. If the troupe decides to play a short
chronicle with a single story arc, one plot thread is quite
sufficient. The Storyteller can hold the other threads in
reserve for some later chronicle. In the course of along, open-
ended chronicle, however, a Storyteller might visit every one
ofthe plot threads — just notevery plotatonce. For instance,
along chronicle might open with a few stories that introduce
anew pack to Mexico City and foreshadow the defection of
the Grimaldi revenants. Pablo Salamanca-Grimaldi reveals
that the regent is an impostor, so his family can escape the
Sabbat in the confusion. By the time the troupe deals with the

consequences of the Grimaldi defection, the leadership crisis
storyline is in full swing. As the characters play their part in,
Sabbat politics, however, the menace of the Nagual War
slowly appears. Alll the while, characters may grow disgusted
with the treachery and hypocrisy in the Sabbat and seek
meaning for their unlives in a religious subplot.

Storytellersshouldalsoconsiderthestyleoftheirchronicle.
The leadership crisisand Grimaldi defection plot threads work
wellforheavily political chronicles. Forasplatterpunkchronicle,
however, the Grimaldi defection hardly merits more than a
single briefstory and the subplotof faith in the Sabbat probably
does not fit at all. The leadership crisis, the Nagual War and
vendettas with other Sabbat packs afford better opportunities
forthe SwordofCaine'shallmark violence. A mysticalchronicle
might tum the religious subplot into the main plot and reduce
the political struggles to sidelines.

‘See ChapterFive formoreadviceon the craftof Storytelling.

LEADERSHIP CRISIS

Ever since the 2001 Palla Grande, the Sabbat's Regent
Melinda Galbraith has concealed a terrible secret: She is
not Melinda Galbraith. She is actually Zachary Sikorsky, a
Tzimisce impostor of great skill and relative youth. When
Zachary found the regent's crumbling body at the Palla
Grande, he feared that the elders would accuse him of her
murder. He took her place in an effort to save his own life.
Zachary intended his deception to last just long enough to
finish the festival, and then he would slip away toresume his

Garter Four: Por Tireans

95

unlife. Nights turned to weeks, and then to months, and he
never found his chance to escape from the regent's retinue
of bodyguards, aides, supplicants and cronies.

The fraud cannot last forever, though. When the
sect's regent is revealed as an impostor, the resulting
struggle for power shakes the Sabbat from the mightiest
consistory elder to the youngest fledglings running on the
streets of Mexico City.

Three candidates vie to become the Sabbat's new
regent. Each candidate represents a different Sabbat faction
and a different view of the sect's purpose. The candidates
gather pledges of support from leaders of every rank, while
undercutting the Cainites who support their rivals. Eventu-
ally one candidate builds a coalition large enough to win a
vote in the consistory... or the Sabbat falls apart into a
fourth civil war. The sect's fate is in each troupe's hands.

CRITICAL DERSONALITIES

Thisplotthreadcan draw in any Cainite in Mexico City,
or beyond it. The most immediately important character is
Zachary Sikorsky himself, but he soon drops from the plot
unless the player's characters take action to save his unlife.
Three elders then emerge as prime movers of the story. The
players' characters can find their role as the action moves
from the consistory to the streets and they choose which
candidate to support. The characters cannot force the choice
of regent, but they can find plenty todoamid the high politics
and low skullduggery of the leadership crisis.

THe CANDIDATES

In the nights immediately after the exposure of the
impostor, several prisci in Mexico City declare their wish to
become regent. Within two weeks, however, the field nar-
rows to three prisci. Each elder commands impressive raw
force, though none of them are in the top tier of age or power.
Each candidate can draw the support of an important ideo-
logical faction in the sect, as well as a major demographic.

* Charles VI, a Lasombra, voices the Ultra-Conser-
vative viewpoint. He sees the Sabbat as an army caught in
a desperate struggle against the Antediluvians and their
minions. Charles draws support from other Ultra-Conser-
vative elders, Jyhad fanatics such as Josefa and Teresita, as
well as a fair number of Lasombra who want a fellow
Keeper as head of their sect.

* Szechenyi Jolén, a Tzimisce, supports Moderate
reforms. She believes that the Sabbat's strength lies in
diversity and the self-cultivation of its members. Jolén
draws support from clanmates who chafe at Lasombra
pretensions of leadership, Path mystics such as Zadkiel,
and some of the less extreme Loyalists

* Venere Carboni, a Toreador antitribu, represents the
Status Quo. He sees the Sabbat asa ladder, and he has one rung
yet to climb. Venere likes the Sabbat as it is, or at least he does
not care how it might change. He draws support from Melinda
Galbraith's coalition, Cainites comfortable with their posi-
tions, and antitribu who seek a greater role for themselves and
a breach in the traditional Lasombra-Tzimisce duopoly.

Tue Facts InTHE Case
OF MeLinpA GALBRAITH

The 2001 Palla Grande was the most magnificent
festival the Sabbat had thrown in decades. After the
previous year's losses and setbacks, the sect's leaders felt
they needed to raise everyone's spirits with a good show,
and the new millennium made a good excuse (the
Storyteller can replace the millennium celebration with
some other year if that suits her chronicle better).

Regent Melinda Galbraith took a few hours before
the celebration to meet with a number of other Cainites
who wanted to present reports or petitions. Her last guest
was Zachary Sikorsky, avery young Tzimisce with a great
knack for impersonation. Galbraith wanted Sikorsky's
help with her fleshcrafted "costume" for the ball. Like
every other visitor, Sikorsky first presented himself to
Galbraith's templar Abbie Norberg. The templar had a
list of Cainites who were allowed to meetthe regent. The
paladin also checked off each visitor as they left.

When Sikorsky entered Galbraith's room, how-
ever, he found the regent's crumbling body anda strange
sign painted on the wall in blood. Sikorsky realized that
the Sabbat's elders would accuse him of murdering the
regent and execute him for the crime. Never mind that
mind-reading, mesmeric commands and any of several
other truth-forcing powers could prove his innocence;
Sikorsky was young but not stupid. He knew that the
elders would want a scapegoat, not the truth.

In desperation, Sikorsky altered his own appearance
to Galbraith's. He had often impersonated the regent to
amuse other Sabbat, Now he had to fool Cainites who
had known her for decades. He intended to finish the
Palla Grande in her guise, then slip away. Everyone knew
that the regent sometimes slept in torpor for weeks at a
time; Sikorsky hoped to be far away before anyone
realized that the regent was missing, not asleep.

Sikorsky never got the opportunity. The regent is
never without her aides, or fellow consistory members
presenting their views, or couriers delivering reports,
or Cainites who simply want to tell the packs back
home that they shook the regent's hand, The hapless
Trimisce's imposture continued fornights, then weeks,
then months...

ExposuRe

The power struggle cannot begin until circumstances
expose the regent as a fake. Storytellers can do this in
several ways, depending on how dramatic they want to
make the revelation, and how much they want to involve
the players' characters.

Some Sabbat know already, but they keep the secret for
their own purposes. For instance, Pablo Salamanca-Grimaldi
noticed slight changes in the regent's mannerisms and larger
gapsin herknowledge. Discreet investigation quickly suggested
who replaced the regent. Pablo doesnot care about the reasons,

Manco Cry By Net

%

He wants a regent who leaves him to his own devices. Some
prisci saw the changes in the regent's aura; others possessed
Holmesian perception and deduction. Some elders assumed
that Galbraith herself arranged for a body double while she did
something else. A few held off revealing the imposture while
they sought to discover who had murdered Galbraith and
installed Sikorsky in her place. They assumed that the imper-
sonator was part of a cunning plan instead of a random factor.

One elder might know that Galbraith isa fake because he killed
Galbraith himself... Each Storyteller must decide who knows
about the imposture and what they do about it.

Covert Exposure?

Atthe Storyteller's option, the player's characters might
learn about the imposture before the rest of the Sabbat. This.
becomes easier if Zachary already knows the characters.
Unless the chronicle actually starts with the characters'
Embrace, they could have met quite a few of their fellow
neonates, and the Storyteller can say that Zachary traveled
more than his background currently suggests. Perhaps they
even met at the fateful Palla Grande where Zachary replaced
the regent. If the Storyteller simply cannot arrange a past
relationship, the false regent might have heard about any
noteworthy deeds the characters have done.

Whatever the reason, Zachary findsa way tobealonewith
thecharactersand entrusts them with hissecret. Heneeds their
help to escape from his situation. He knows he cannot main-
tain the fraud forever, and if discovering the body looks bad,
taking the regent's place for months looks even worse!

If the characters betray Zachary, the Storyteller can
proceed to Public Exposure stories. The characters' treach-
ery may win a few boons from influential elders.

If the characters merely threaten to expose Zachary and
try to exploit his faux-regency for their own benefit, they
become co-conspirators. When public exposure comes, the
Storyteller can judge who knows of their collusion, and what
those persons will do with their knowledge. Perhaps an elder
uses his knowledge to extort service from the characters.

If the characters agree to help Zachary escape, the
players take over most of the storytelling work as they come
up with a plan. The storyteller merely has to look for flaws
in the plan, and define who customarily associates with the
regent. If the characters fail, Zachary is publicly exposed; if
the characters succeed, the Sabbat is left with a mysterious
disappearance and the leadership crisis begins anyway.

Pustic Exposure

Whether or not the Storyteller has Zachary contact
the characters, the imposture fails — preferably in some
spectacularly public way. This is most dramatic if the
characters are present tosee the great event. Here are some
options that Storytellers can use:

* Accident. Melinda Galbraith attends coven ritae the
way presidents attend rotary clubs, veterans' groups and
high-school graduations: It's a way to stay in the public eye
and butter up constituents. The regent was an excellent fire
dancer; Zachary is not. He cannot always talk his way out of

Wuopunnit?

Storytellers must decide for themselves who mur-
dered Regent Galbraith and why. The killer's identity
may become important if the players want to run an
investigative story, or if the killer strikes again. Most
members of the consistory do not care who destroyed
Galbraith, except insofar as the murderer might present
a threat'to them too, or that they might want to
destroy a rival' using the same method.

Some possibilities include:

* The South American enemy. The unknown foe
who murders Sabbat in South and Central America
has struck in the very heart of the sect —a blow meant
to terrorize all Sabbat and send the sect into chaos. The
killer escaped and reported his success. The enemy is
greatly puzzled that their victim still walks around. The
bloody symbol is a way of signing the work, to give a
focus to anxiety.

© The Tremere. A symbol drawn in blood suggests
magic — perhaps a getaway ritual. The Tremere cer-
tainly have no monopoly on blood magic, but they are
better at it than anyone else and could mount the
resources for such a sorcerous assassination. In the
aftermath of the Camarilla's triumph in New York,
highly placed Tremere might try assassinating Sabbat
leaders. The Camarilla's leaders would gain further
victories... and owe boons to the Warlocks.

© Internal Enemies. Someone in the Sabbat did the
deed, orpossiblyaconspiracy ofseveral someones. Galbraith
led a coalition of Status Quo prisci. Any elder in a rival
coalition — Ultra-Conservatives, Moderates or other Sta-
tus Quo who simply want someone else in charge — could
murder the regentand try topin the blame onaconvenient
neonate. Alternatively, the killer might have hated
Galbraith for entirely personal reasons. In either case, the
bloody symbol could be a bit of misdirection.

Devious Storytellerscan think of otherpossibilities, too.

jumping through a few bonfires. He trips, burns himself and
suffers Rétschreck. His fleshcrafted disguise slips and he
resumes his true form in front of numerous Cainites.

* J'Accuse! One of the elders who figured out the
fraud confronts "Galbraith" at a Blood Feast or other sect
function. This elder believes that exposing the fraud is the
only way to draw out the neonate's puppet-master... or he
has figured out that there is no puppet-master, and delib-
erately provokes the leadership crisis.

© Confession. The clever elder might herself try to
become Zachary's puppet-master by threatening to expose
him. In this plotline, the regent suddenly favors a new
faction and supports their policies and partisans. The elder
tries for too much, though, and Zachary his own
fraud in the course of a nervous breakdown.

* Aaaack! The regent has enemies. Someone killed
Galbraith once already. Someone does it again. Maybe it's the

Caaorer Four: Por Treaos

7

same someone, or maybe it'sadifferent enemy. Zachary reverts
to his normal appearance before suffering torpor or Final Death.

+1 Can Explain... Zachary attempts to flee, perhaps
with the help of the players' characters. He is caught and
forced to admit to his imposture.

However Zachary is exposed, his unlife is over. Elder
Cainites hate to be fooled. Itdoes not matter that the city's
elders can wring the truth from Zachary in half a dozen
different ways: They need a scapegoat. A consistory of
elders sentences the neonate to Final Death within a
week, unless someone helps Zachary escape.

CONSISTORIES

Mexico City's Sabbat receive a singular honor. They
can see their sect's consistory in action and present their
pleas and grievances to that mighty assemblage of Cainites.

Well, actually they cannot. The Sabbat's elders do not
like curious neonates seeing how they reallydo business, any
more than Camarilla elders do. The elders do not advertise
consistory meetings to the rank and file. Lesser Sabbat see
the consistory if a priscus summons them to give evidence,
present grievances or submit to punishment. Sabbat see
consistory members quite often, though, at the major ritae.

The Sabbat consistory consists of all the sect's prisci
and Seraphs, plus the regent and the occasional cardinal. A
Consistory, capitalized, is a formal meeting of these wor-
thies. The consistory has no fixed meeting place. A priscus,

cardinal or seraph sends out word that he wants to call a
meeting, and suggests a time and place. Other members
show up or not, as they choose. A feared and respected
member can call a Consistory at a garbage dump and her
fellow prisci will attend. Such calculated humiliations re-
mind the others of the priscus' power. A less powerful
Cainite must exercise more discretion if he wants other
members to respect his call. No-shows demonstrate their
lack of respect for the Cainite who ordered the Consistory.

Colonial-era palaces and churches, museums, public
monumentsand private mansions are unlikely to offend any
consistory members. Government ministry offices or the
boardrooms of major corporations carry some cachet as well:
The priscus can show off his influence by how he arranged
access to such a place and kept the kine away. Any Cainite
can rent a Polanco hotel. Holding a Consistory and Blood
Feast in the National Palace without leaving a trace the
next morning — now that's an achievement. Outdoor
meetings are abit too safe to win any respect, unless the host
pulls off some superior stage-managing. A Consistory held
during a raging thunderstorm on the barren heights of the
Pedregal honors the assembled Cainites as lords of the
night; a rainy hillside in Chapultepec Park does not.

A few locations combine sufficient grandeur and dis-
cretion that theysee many Consistories. The most fantastical
is probably a subterranean Aztec temple built in the shape
of ahollow step pyramid. The walls of this large, rectangular

Porice PROcepuRE

Once the Sabbat knows that Melinda Galbraith is
destroyed, the question of who killed her naturally arises.
The consistory orders Isidro to investigate the regent's
murder: Ifthe players' charactersareon amenable termswith
the Sabbat's investigator, they can assist Isidro in his inquir-
ies. Ifthe characterscareaboutZachary, they may investigate
on their own, or ask Isidro to let them help. Otherwise, this
merely plays out in the background of other stories.

Isidro interviews everyone he can find who attended
the last Palla Grande. He takes statements about who saw
Galbraith and Zachary, and at what times. Everyone must
say where they were through the night and to whom they
talked: Isidro pays special attention to Abbie Norberg,
the templar who stood outside Galbraith's door and
screened her visitors. If Zachary talked to the characters,
Isidro grills them about what he said.

The Sabbat's investigator compares everyone'sstate-
ments, then announces that Zachary Sikorsky murdered
Regent Melinda Galbraith. Infernal forces may have
influenced him. If Zachary still exists, Isidro executes
him the next night.

If the players' characters become part of the investi-
gation, they see that the investigation is a sham. Isidro
does not follow up inconsistencies in the testimony of
prisci, cardinals or other luminaries. Neither is he a
member ofthe Inquisition, to whom matters of infernalism

would defer the case. One inconsistency appears particu-
larly suspicious: Abbie Norberg heard and smelled each
visitor enter and leave Galbraith's chamber. She remem-
bers that the visitor before Zachary exchanged a few final
words with Galbraith as they stood in the doorway. No
other Cainite who was nearby remembers that scene.
Instead, at least one Cainite remembers that the visitor —
a known master of mesmeric mind-control — spoke to
the blind templar. The visitor has high rank, however,
and loyal Isidro protects his masters.

The characters can try to pursue this lead if they want.
No one in the consistory supports them. If the characters
persevere, perhaps they can show that theirsuspect had the
means, motive and opportunity to murder the regent; their
suspect mighteven confess to them. It will normatter. The
characters find that no one in the Sabbat hierarchy really
cares who murdered Galbraith — they are all too busy
takingadvantage ofher Final Death. The consistory simply
wants a show of retribution against a scapegoat (though
they may quietly support the "removal" of the confessor,
should one appear). On the other hand, the characters
receive several offers of boons in return for accusing rival
prisci, or for confirming Zachary's guilt through their
independent investigation. The point of thisstory isnot to
find whodunnit. Ir is to see how much hypocrisy and deceit
the characters can stomach from their leaders.

‘Mexico Cry By Nicer

98

vault stair-step inward. The walls of the steps bear accounts
ofnotable Sabbat victoriesand consistory decisions, written
in Nahuatl pictographs. Native Mexicans who did not want
toabandon their old gods dug out this strange temple in the
decades after the Spanish conquest. The Sabbat seized it a
few decades after that.

The Monument to the Revolution in the Centro
Histérico is another safe choice for consistories. This monu-
ment (not to be confused with the angelic monument to
independence) isa grim, heavy dome of black volcanic stone.
Itsbasement holdsa museum devoted to the 1910 revolution.

Once a meeting begins, the Cainites follow very simple
rules of order. The Cainite who ordered the meeting speaks
first, to give her reasons.
consistories may appoint archbishops and other esteemed
leaders of the sect. Fairly regular meetings discuss new develop-
ments in the eternal war against the Camarilla, as well as local
conflicts. Members often call Consistories to present griev-
ances against other members, or do so on behalf of clanmates,
followers of their Paths or other Cainites whom they patronize
In these cases, the Consistory serves as a rudimentary Supreme
Court for the Sabbat. It makes decisions based on a mixture of
precedent, raw power politics, favor-trading and face-saving
rather than a detailed code of laws. The Sabbat's "constitu-
tion," the Code of Milan, is so vaguely worded that a clever
elder can twist it to support any action.

No custom says how many prisci make up a quorum, and

In addition to electing regents,

9

—at least, no way except the threat of Monomacy, the Black
Hand or reciprocal snubs from other elders. If a few prisci
gather and announce that their Consistory decided such-
and-such— but ifthe otherelders ignore their proclamation,
the presumptuous prisci only embarrass themselves.

Power STRUGGLE

Now the real fun begins, as the various factions try to
force the election of their candidate. To become regent, a
candidate must convince more than half the consistory's
members to vote for her. Some prisci, cardinals and Seraphs
support candidates because they agree with their plans for the
Sabbat — but that is not enough to win the regency. Most
members give their vote because of favor-trading, blackmail,
deception or outright fear. Let the dirty politics begin!

RECRUITMENT

Only the consistory members vote forthe regent, but the
opinions of other Sabbat still matter. A regent who lacks
credibility with the rank-and file Sabbat cannot lead the sect
and will not stay regent for long. No one wants to be
remembered as voting fora failure. By thesame token, noone
wants to be remembered for opposing a popular regent too
strongly. Endorsements from Sabbat officers — all the way
down to pack priests and ducti— influence an elector's vote.

Each candidate, therefore, seeks togain endorsements rom
the coven leaders. Some Sabbat officers make up their minds

rightawayand leavenodoubtabout which candidate they prefer


They choose for ideological reasons, to expunge lingering boons
or from clan loyalty. Most officers, however, must be wooed.
Eithertheirinterests pull them in different directions, orthey just
want to extort favors from the candidates.

In the weeks following the false regent's exposure,
each candidate visits the major undecided covens in
Mexico City. Minor packs are invited as well, or show up
on their own. The candidates sponsor Blood Feasts or
other ritae to show their piety and generosity. They make
speeches about what they would do as regent, for the
Sabbat as a whole and for the coven. They meet privately
with the ductus and priest to tender more specific offers of
boons, promotions and other opportunities. Coven lead-
ers seldom announce their endorsement right away: The
coven waits to heat what the other candidates offer.

Such campaign festivals give the players' characters a
chance to rub elbows with the sect's most exalted members. If
the characters play some important, visible role in making the
party come off well, they may attract the notice of someone
who can help them advance in the sect. Conversely, ifsome-
thinggoeshorribly wrong, they may leave quiteabadimpression.
Even a losing candidate remains a priscus of great influence.
Characters can also try to make deals of their own with the
candidate or some other sect officer who attends the party.

Dirty TRICKS

The process of endorsements and election does not
proceed honestly. The candidates and their coalitions do
everything in their power to extort endorsements and
undercut their rivals. The players' characters can work to
perpetrate dirty tricks, or they can become victims. Either
approach can generate stories.

Each coalition seeks intelligence on its rivals and on
prominent Sabbat who have not declared for one side or
another. The players' characterscan involve themselvesin the
political struggle by spying on senior Cainites or other packs.
‘An elder might even demand that the characters spy on their
allies, ifthe elder thinkshe can bribe the characters or frighten
them enough. The faction leaders want to know the plans of
their rivals, as well as any potential blackmail information.

One faction can counter an endorsement for another
faction by completely humiliating the endorsing Cainite. It
does not matter if the humiliation has nothing to do with
the victim's beliefs or basic competence. Simply making a
Sabbat look ridiculous reduces the importance that other
Sabbat place on his opinions — at least for a while.

Of course it is not rational for Cainites to discount
someone's opinion because he tripped and fell on his face.
Icisnotrational for mortals either, butit happens. The sect's
elders may see through crude, slapstick humiliations, but
they calculate how much the victim's reputation suffers
with the less sophisticated neonates. A more serious faux
pas, such as an indiscretion that Isidro must cover up, could
provoke a Monomacy challenge within a pack... especially
if the challenger receives covert help ftom a rival faction's
elders. On the other hand, the players' characters might
become the victims of a plot to ruin their prestige.

Quite a few Cainites might initially pretend to sup-
port one candidate while actually working for another.
Most simply, a Cainite might try to win favors from more
than one candidate, or change his endorsement when she
receives a bigger bribe. More subtle Cainites might try to
spy on nominal allies and pass along disinformation, then
reveal her true allegiance when it can most humiliate the
Cainites whom she deceived.

The most cunning Cainites try to deceive Sabbat
leaders into endorsing their chosen candidate. Such plots
typically involve making an unaligned Cainite believe that
someone connected to a particular candidate is out to get
her. The duped Cainite throws her support to a different
candidate. The deceiver further tries to make his candidate
look more attractive, but even a 50 percent chance of
support is better than the previous 33 percent or complete
abstention. Cainite manipulators can deceive their targets
using forged documents, mesmerized mortal agents, Vicissi-
tude-produced look-alikes, Chimerstry illusions or a wide
range of other techniques. The hoax has only to stand up
until the election, and maybe not even then: A proud
Sabbat might not want to admit that someone fooled her.

Even ifadirty trick does not fool anyone for long, itstill
serves its purpose. A successful fraud, humiliation or treach-
ery establishes that a candidate is a slick and dangerous
operator, supported by other slick and dangerous operators
whom other Cainites would be wise not tocross. That matters
at least as much as an endorsement gained or negated.

JKNOCHING OFF THE COMPETITION

Assassination is the ultimate dirty trick. A ductus or
bishop who has met Final Death cannot tender an en-
dorsement, and a destroyed candidate no longer competes
for the regency. When the three candidates emerge from
the pack of contenders, their factions begin plotting how
to murder their rivals.

On the street level, such murders tend to be blatant.
A pack of hotheads will try to ambush the leader of a pack
that supports a different candidate. Even if the assassins
cannot destroy the rival ductus or priest, they can render
her endorsement meaningless: A torpid leader cannot
muster a pack to defy an unwanted regent, or to fight for
adesired one. The new priest or ductus might also think
twice about repeating the endorsement.

Some Cainites seek more subtle murders or incapaci-
tations of their rivals. They hope to prevent anyone from
tracing the attack back to them, so as to avoid becoming
the target of revenge attacks. Assassinations may involve
arson, snipers or a wide variety of staged accidents.

The candidates themselves also try to murder each
other, orat least the other prisci ina rival faction. Szechenyi
Jolan wields one of the most potent weapons in the Sabbat's
arsenal, the vozhd. If she can surprise a gathering of rival
prisci with this rampaging ghoul-monster, she can thin her
competition a great deal — or provoke an alliance of fear
against her. Charles VI and his Lasombra supporters can
hypnotically condition any number of mortal agents toserve

Moxco Cry By Net

100

asassassins. Venere, meanwhile, has the best connections beyond
Mexico City. Ifany priscuscan hire top-notch Asamite killers or
foul sorceries from unaligned Cainites, itis him. Each candidate
knows, however, that such flagrant campaigns of murder must
succeed quickly, or they could provoke enough bittemess to tear
the Sabbat apart.

Then again, some Cainites might want exactly that.
A fourth Sabbat civil war would certainly achieve the
Loyalists' aim in spades. No regentanda dissolved consistory
means no restraint on Sabbat packs — total freedom. An
ambitious and confident Cainite such as Bishop Natalio
might even believe thathe could direct such anarchy into
a revolution that reshapes the Sabbat.

ResSOLurTION:
THe New Recency

This plot thread cannot go on forever. You have to
bring the leadership crisis to. a conclusion — or at least toa
resting-place. Of course, how long you prolong the intrigue
and infighting depends on the interest of your players.

Most simply, a coalition of elders can gather enough
votes to secure their candidate's election, and the new
regent has enough raw power to dissuade challengers.
That, however, is only one possibility.

Junta Option
Whoeverbecomesregentdoessowith the support ofother
powerful Cainites. They expect promotions for their partisans,
advocacy for their pet projects, and other special privileges.
Thus, the new regime could take the form of a junta with the
regent as its public face. The other elders in the clique wield
nearly as much real power in the sect, and the regent cannot
afford to displease them too much. Mortal history shows that
juntas tend to fall apart after a few years, as the members try to.
grab more power for themselves. The Sabbat could face a new
leadership crisis at any time. The regent can prevent such a
collapse by marginalizingormurderinghispartnersin the junta

before any of them do the same thing to him.

PRacror1an Option

Inthe latercenturiesofthe Roman Empire, the Praetorian
Guard meant to protect the Emperor often murdered their
changes and installed emperors of theit own. This could
happen to the Sabbat. The Black Hand stayed neutral in past
internal conflicts. Thistime, the Seraphs might forcea regent
upon the Sabbat. The sect's mostskilled fighters belongto the
Black Hand and the Hand's soldiers feel great loyalty to their
commanders. The Seraphs might feel especially tempted to
install theirown regent ifnoclearly dominant faction emerges
from the prisci— and by extension, no strong and organized
force that could oppose the Hand.

Itshould be obvious that such a regent could never feel
safe. She would lead the sect only at the sufferance of the
Seraphs, who would become the true leaders of the Sabbat.

PeRONIST OPTION
Argentina's dictator Juan Perén gained power by
promising every significant power-bloc in the country that

he was on their side. His supporters knew that Perén could
not keep all of his promises — but he could not keep any
promises if he fell from power. Priscus Charles VI follows
this strategy. Other Cainites might attempt the same
strategy. A Peronist regent then faces the challenge of
stringing along all the Cainites to whom he made prom-
ises. Some of the promises inevitably contradict. For
instance, the regent cannot centralize the Sabbat to please
the Ultra-Conservatives while decentralizing it to please
the Loyalists. Instead, the regent must grant smaller boons
to minimize the discontents. If that means betraying
minor allies to please major allies, so be it.

BOLSHEVIK OpTION

Then there is force majeur. The Bolsheviks gained
power by holding the Russian Duma hostage in its chambers
until it voted the Bolsheviks into power. Other radical
groups have attempted to seize power in the same way. A
would-be regent could extorther election by revealingsome
force that could destroy any elder who stood against her. If
the Storyteller decides that Szechenyi Jolan can turn loose
a controllable vozhd using her dozens of "children," the
Mother of Horrors could attempt sucha coup. Just to be safe,
she has her monsters eat all the other candidates.

No ResoLuTIon:

THe FouRTH SABBAT Crvit WAR

Foragrimmerchronicleanda longer-term plotthread, the
consistory could split into two (or more...) factions that each
elect a regent. Instead of compromising, the most powerful

elders within the Sabbat attempt to crush their rivals as part of
naked grabs for power. None of them completely succeed —
and the Sabbat collapses into its Fourth Civil War.

The war can last as long as the Storyteller wants, and
affect rank-and-file Sabbat as much or as little as she wants.
The Second Sabbat Civil War lasted decadesand affected the
entire sect, while the third war lasted about 100 nights and
chiefly involved elders. A fourth civil war could take place
largely outofsight from the packson thestreet. .. butit'smore
interesting if the fighting spills out to engulf the entire sect.

In this case, Mexico City becomes even more violent
and chaotic than it is already, as partisans of each faction
attack their rivals. Once again, the Black Hand retreats
into neutrality... or bides its time to let the factions
exhaust themselves. Cardinals and archbishops send their
own soldiers and assassins to Mexico City to slay the
leaders of opposing factions. The fighting can spread to
other Sabbat cities as well, so that characters cannot easily
escape it. The Camarilla and the independent clans can
hardly ignore the opportunity to seize territory and influ-
ence from the Sabbat. The Sabbat itself does not die as
long as a single Cainite espouses its cause, but the sect
could lose a great deal of its power.

Storytellers, don't entertain this possibility lightly —
throwing one of the two great sects into crippling turmoil
can change the face of the setting as you know it with
unforeseen circumstances later.

(Charter Four: Poor Trans

101

Exopus

For centuries, the Grimaldi revenants have served the
Sabbat's leaders as their financial managers, major-domos,
chiefs of staff and agents in the sunlit world. The revenant
family collectively amassed one of the world's great private
fortunes, but none could truly claim to own the clothes on
their backs. Alll that they own, even to their lives, they own
at the pleasure of their Cainite masters —and the Grimaldi
love their masters, thanks to the power of the blood bond.

At least, they used to.

First, a quirk of fate freed Pablo Salamanca y Grimaldi
from his domitor. He helped other Mexico City revenants
free themselves by murdering their domitors. Through years
of such efforts, more than two dozen Grimaldis — a hefty
fraction of the extended family — now operate in Mexico
City without anyone in the Sabbat realizing that they lack
domitors. If anyone asks, the revenants say that they are
bound to a master in another city. These Grimaldis also
believe they have located Cainites willingand able to protect
them from the Sabbat's wrath:aselect group of Ventrue elders
in Europe and the United States who can appreciate the
talents and resources that the Grimaldis bring.

In this plot thread, the Grimaldis attempt their flight
to freedom — and the Sabbat learns the consequences of
depending on slaves

CRITICAL DERSONALITIES

The prime mover of this storyline is Pablo Salamanca y
Grimaldi himself. Pablo fosters the sort of hatred that only
grows from love betrayed. The blood bond made him an eager
slave. He understood the violation of his soul only when his
Cainite mistress burned in the sun. The prospect of freedom
and revenge enabled him to swallow his hate and smile at his
overlords through the long years of patient labor and seeming
loyalty, but he can wait no longer. Succeed or fail, he will be
free — and the Sabbat will feel the fire of his vengeance.

chenyi Jolin also plays an important role. Since the

Sabbat's inception, some Cainiteshave advocated the destruc-
tion of all revenants. The hereditary ghouls know a great deal
about the Cainite race and the Sabbat, and that makes them
asecurity risk, as Pablo is about to prove. Jolin anda few other
Trimisce elders blocked plans to exterminate the revenants, on
the grounds thatthe hereditary ghouls were useful servantsand
part of the clan's heritage besides. The Grimaldi defection
makes the revenants' defenders look like trusting fools — a
humiliation that mars these elders' reputations for all time to
come. Jolin suffers a special embarrassment, since her mortal
lineage comes froma long-deceased ghoul family that opposed
the nascent Sabbat. Her rivals in the consistory can use the
Grimaldi scandal to destroy her influence in the sect

For this story, however, drawing in the players' char-
acters demands a little extra work from the Storyteller.

FORESHADOWING

For this plot thread to mean anything, first the characters
must become aware of the Grimaldis. Storytellers can start by

Moxco Cry By Necxt
102


workingrevenantcharactersintootherstories. PabloGrimaldi,
forinstance, wields far-ranging powers for the sake of his global
duties. When Sabbat elders need high-ranking government
officials bribed, the media manipulated or businesses acquired,
they turn to Pablo. If the characters become involved with
Mexico City's mortal elite, they encounter Pablo. The suave
revenant may help them achieve a goal (fora price) orcover up
a blunder or indiscretion (for a bigger price).

A formal audience with Pablo can feel very strange. The
characters must come to him, for Pablo's time is extremely
valuableto theeldersheserves. Alltherevenant'ssurroundings
—hishugeandopulentoffice high in the Torre Latinoamerica,
his secretaries and security guards, his wealth and social graces
— suggest that the characters should approach as supplicants,
with cap in hand and on their best behavior. Pablo treats them
with utmost deference, however. If Pablo can do what the
characters ask, he tells them that he lives to serve their every
whim. Ifhe cannot, or if he feels that the characters' objective
clashes with his own goals, Pablo grovels and says that nothing
would please him more than toserve them, butotherdutiesand
commands forbid it. He may even offer to let the characters
beat him and anyone on his staff they choose, to expiate his
shame for denying their command.

The charactersshould meet other revenants, too. Many
of Mexico City's luminaries keep a Grimaldi as their "man
of affairs." Whenever the characters want to meet an elder,
they might have to arrange it with a Grimaldi secretary.
Other Grimaldis tend the communal havens of the older
and more powerful covens, including El Grito de Dolor.
When characters visit such parishes, they can see how the
Cainites ignore their revenant lackey when they do not
demand some task or inflict some petty cruelty. The Story-
teller can show the importance of the Grimaldis without
ever coming out and saying that they are important.

The Storyteller can also lay the groundwork for the
defection through events that make sense only after the fact.
For instance, a blood bound Grimaldi might discover the
planned defection and try to warn the Sabbat. Pablo must
move quickly to "silence" his hapless relative by whatever
means necessary, as well as anyone else she might have told.
The players' characters might wonder at the senseless murder
ofarevenant. Iftheyalready knew that revenant, Pablo might
try to find out if they also know about his plans. He must work
through mortal agents or Cainites from independent clans
who remain ignorant of their employer, but Pablo has more
than enough money to arrange such things.

DEFECTION

The Grimaldis sensibly flee Mexico City by day. When
the banks open, they transferall their masters' assets to other
accounts. Then they head for the airport, where Pablo waits
with reservations and false identifications. They board a
plane to Chicago, where a delegation of Ventrue ghouls
awaits them. From there the Grimaldis fan out to a dozen
other cities, and effectively vanish. At least, that's the plan.

Some Grimaldis encounter other daylight-capable ser-
vants of the Sabbat, such as the sect's few ghouls, or Grimaldis

who remain bound. One or two defectors might have to shoot,
stab or poison their way out, and that could alert the police.
Other Grimaldis might unwittingly tip their hand tostill-loyal
servants who then try toawaken their sleeping masters, orwho
follow the defector to the airport and try to stop the escape.
‘Some Grimaldis bearsuch hatred for Cainites that they cannot
resist trying to kill their masters before they leave, whether by
arson, beheading or dragging the Cainites into the sunlight.
That might awaken a vampire and compromise the plan.
The Storyteller must decide whether ornot the Grimaldis
carry through their plan with minimum disruption, and
whether the players' characters become involved. If the
characters deeply antagonized a Grimaldi, that revenant
might try to burn their haven before departing. The charac-
ters face a desperate attempt to flee their haven by day. If the
players do not become directly involved, they and the rest of
Mexico City's Sabbat awaken the next night to find the
Grimaldis vanished —and the revenants' money with them.
Fora final option, perhaps Pablo was himself deceived.
Some of the Sabbat's elders possess superhuman cunning and
awareness of other beings' thoughts and motives. It might
amuse such an elder to let Pablo weave his little scheme. His
"Ventrue" contacts were not in the Camarilla. The airplane
does not go to Chicago. Through an unfortunate mix-up, the
pilot flies the plane to Atlanta or some other Sabbat domain.
The plane lands at nightfall... and the city's Cainites are
waiting outside the terminal. The ensuing mass blood huntis
a nine days' wonder in the sect. This option does not
significantly affect the defection's aftermath, though.

AFTERMATH

Many of the city's leading Sabbat find themselves out
of funds, after leaving all their money matters in the hands
of their pet revenant. Perhaps they do not even own their
havens — the property was held in the revenant's name,
and it's just been sold. Grimaldi-managed companies go
bankrupt; in the coming weeks, audits show massive em-
bezzlement — and the money has vanished. Cainites who
deigned to keep some authority over their companies find
themselves under investigation because they apparently
signed for everything and will look like co-conspirators.
The Cainites who claimed that they did not need the mortal
world have a chance to test their boast. It isn't the fall of
New York City, but plenty of Sabbat find themselves
gravely inconvenienced. They may include the players'
characters, if they entrusted any of their affairs toa Grimaldi.

Quite a few Cainites need new havens, communal or
otherwise. Characters who retain commodious havens
may receive unexpected houseguests. Clever characters
can offer to board other Cainites asa way to collect boons.
Some of the more stupidly brutal Sabbat might try seizing
another pack's haven, as if Mexico City did not have
buildings and tunnels enough.

Some Sabbat do engage in business or handle their
own money. After the Grimaldi defection, Cainites such
as Clova Haines and Miguel Orozco look a lot wiser. Snide
remarks about "juicebag" activities die down.

(Cavrrer Four: Por THreAns

103

Eventually, someone figures out how the Sabbat lost
their influence over the fled Grimaldis, and if it can
happen once it can happen again. Revenant-hating
Cainites such as General Perfidio call for the Grimaldi's
extermination, and no one seriously opposes them. Some
of the wilder packs do not wait for a Consistory to decide
the revenants' fate and murder Grimaldis, or people they
think are Grimaldis, on their own initiative. The paranoia
throws the Sabbat into greater chaos. Characters who
previously treated a Grimaldi well might find the revenant
poundingon their haven'sdoor, witha bloodthirsty Sabbat
pack right behind him. Any history of kindness to or trust.
of revenants might lead to other Sabbat accusing the
characters of being "soft on the Grimaldis."

‘As word of the defection spreads through the sect, all
revenants — not just Grimaldis — come under suspicion of
treason. Small groups ofotherrevenants mightseek protection
from the Camarilla or Cainites of the independent clans, as
they sce relatives slain in Sabbat pogroms. The consequences
can spread as far, and for as long, as the Storyteller desires.

SOMETHING
To BeLieve In

The Sabbat's very name speaks of the sect's religious
character. The Camarilla exists to serve practical, political
goals, but the Sabbat exists to pursue a spiritual purpose. In
making war against the Ancients, the Sabbat seeks to reshape
or avert Gehenna — the Last Judgment upon all Cainites
Some Paths of Enlightenment emphasize specifically religious
concepts. The Path of Metamorphosis seeks transcendence
Death and the Soul investigates two of the great religious
concepts. The Path of Nightaddresses the problem ofevil. The
Path of Caine reveres a once and future prophet-king. Many
Sabbat even retain a twisted Christian piety. Explicitly reli-
gious stories work very well indeed in a Sabbat chronicle, and
Mexico City provides an excellent setting.

RELIGIOUS PLOTLINES

Religion does not offer simple, linear plot thread like
the previous two examples. The stories in a religious plot
thread are linked by common themes rather than cause
and effect; and while external events drive the previous
two plots, a religious plot chiefly grows from the characters
themselves. This makes religious plots more difficult to
storytell than straightforward action dramas. Fortunately,
religious plots can masquerade as other sorts of stories.

THe Quest

Thisisone ofthe easiest religiousstorylines. A queststory
functions on two levels. On a literal level, the characters
receive some difficult task that requires them to travel. As the
characters move from scene to scene, they face various tests,
challenges and dangers. The quest becomes religious when
the challenges are spiritual or symbolic. Whether a character
succeeds or fails at a challenge, he receives some lesson that

can guide his further spiritual progress. Success in the quest
depends on understanding these lessons.

The literal, material goal of the quest can be arbitrary.
In a quest story, the journey matters more than the
destination. A goal that somehow symbolizes the quest's
spiritual purpose, however, emphasizes the religious aspect
of the story. For instance, the Holy Grail — the most
famous quest-object in Western myth—symbolized Chris-
tian salvation and redemption.

Asan example, let's builda Sabbat Grail quest around
the Path of Metamorphosis. It does not matter if the
characters do not actually practice the Path of Metamor-
phosis. Sabbat can take Paths as their moral ideals even if
they retain Humanity in rules terms.

A literal magic cup is too obvious, but the "Grail" can
be anything that could enable a Cainite to overcome the
limitations of undeath. It could be an Assamite genera-
tion-reducing potion, an amulet that grants succor from
sunlight, or whatever else seems appropriate. The charac-
ters receive some clue that this object exists somewhere in
Mexico City, and they're off!

Asthe characters travel about Mexico City they gather
clues to the location of their "Grail." The characters also
encounter tests and dangers based on Cainite weaknesses:
fire, the compulsion to sleep during the day, frenzy at pain,
anger or frustration, and so on. They can overcome these
challenges by pushing against their limitations, altering
their bodies (by Vicissitude or mundane disguise) and
understanding when to curb the Beast and when to let itrun
wild. The quest leads the characters toa properly Arthurian
chapel ina wasteland —say, a missionary clinicin one ofthe
shantytowns — where they pit their will and intellect
against the faith of the missionaries. The characters not
only gain their "Grail," they have already become greater
beings than they were through the challenges they over-
came. Pethaps they are even ready to make a complete
switch from Humanity to the Path of Metamorphosis.

Crisis oF FaitH

Another classic religious plot hits the characters with a
challenge to their beliefs. Every ideology presupposes that the
world works a certain way, and Sabbat ideology is no excep-
tion. If events violate that presumed order in some extreme
way, a person may doubt the beliefs that form a comerstone
of her life (or unlife). For instance, a typical Christian crisis
of faith grows from tragic death: If God is both good and all-
powerful, why does he let the innocent suffer so much?

The Sabbat, of course, espouses different ideologies
with different weak points for doubt. For instance, the
Sabbat preaches loyalty and equality between Cainites.
Suppose that a character sees an elder Sabbat commit some
grave treachery against a weaker Cainite — perhaps even
against the sect as a whole — and escape punishment
through use of status and raw power. The character might
wonderin his dead heart ifhissect is built on lies. In thesame
way, a would-be Metamorphosist might suffer some humili-
ating proof that she remains all too human. A Path of Night

Mexco Cry By Nicxt

104

devotee might encounter an atrocity that even he cannot
swallow, ot a Cathar follower might encounter true virtue.

A Crisis of Faithstory traditionally ends with areaffirma-
tion of the character's faith. A Sabbat character could realize
that the Sabbat's ideals are worth upholding despite their
betrayal by some leaders, or a Path of Enlightenment offers
useful guidance even if it is not infallibly true. As with a
successful quest, a Crisis of faith story makes a good opportu-
nity fora character's formal switch from Humanity toa Path.

Ontheotherhand, thestorycouldendwith thecharacter's
complete disillusionment. A character might see so many
cases of Cainite hypocrisy that she abandons the Sabbat, or

decides that she might as well seek power as the biggest
hypocrite of all. A Sabbat might conclude that the Path she
hoped to follow isa delusion, and set out to debunk it instead.
Considering the nature of Sabbat faith, either vindication or
disillusionment offers the potential for personal horror.

AHIGHER DLAN

Most religions argue that worldly events are not truly
random or meaningless. To those with faith and wisdom,
the trials of existence illuminate a divine plan that gives
life its meaning. Storytellers can work this idea into a
Sabbat chronicle in many different ways.

The Sabbat believes that the Antediluvians remain
active and potent. Even in their millennial sleep, the
Ancients shape events that range from world wars to
mayoral elections. The Storyteller can decide that the
Sabbat's paranoid belief is true, and build a story around it.
In thiscase, the divine plan ismalevolentand the characters
seek to escape it and oppose it. Paranoia is the rule as
mortals, Camarilla "Kindred" and even the characters'
fellow Sabbat are revealed as puppets of the Ancients. For
an all-Mexico City chronicle, perhaps the characters dis-
cover that the Sleeper of Cuicuilco has quietly suborned
dozens of their fellow Sabbat and thousands of mortals.
These lackeys now labor to exhume the torpid Methuselah
from its volcanic prison. Perhaps the characters discover
that they have served the Sleeper without knowing it, and
that some course of action they took in the past actually fit
into some plot to further an Ancient's goals. This sort of
story takes the conspiratorial aspect of Vampire: The
Masquerade and pushes it to lunatic extreme:

The Sabbat calls itself the Sword of Caine and treats
the First Vampire as a figure of judgment and salvation for
the undead. For another storytelling option, the Higher
Plan can be Caine's. Perhaps the characters notice that a
current situation resembles a scene in the Book of Nod, or
illustrates some maxim attributed to Caine. Perhaps they
find themselves in the right place, at the right time, to foil
some infernalist's scheme against Mexico City's Cainites.

Some Paths of Enlightenment suggest other forms of
divine providence that could guide the faithful. For in-
stance, the Path of Night argues that Cainites' evil serves a
greater good, by testing the faith and virtue of others. A Path
of Night storyline could challenge characters to fulfill their
role in this divine plan. They can triumph by exposing the

sinful nature that some powerful mortal (or fellow Cainite)
masks with a show of respectability, or by frightening and
goading someone into a life of true virtue. A Death and the
Soul storyline could show the characters the folly and
unimportance of any remaining connections to mortals, as
well as the importance of closely observing how they die. A
Feral Heart storyline could show the vanity of Cainites
imagining themselves to be anything but predatory animals.

CRITICAL DERSONALITIES

The most critical personalities in a religious storyline are
the characters themselves. To a large degree, a plotline be-
comes religiousto the extent thatthe characterssee it that way.
Ifthe players donot want toexplore the Sabbat'saspects of faith
and perverse holiness, the Storyteller cannot force them.

Ifa religious plot does appeal to the players, then the
Storyteller needs characters who can explain possibly
unfamiliar points of view. A few of the sample characters
actively teach Paths of Enlightenment, and several more
are well known as paragons of various Paths.

The Tzimisce elder Efrain Sortano is Mexico City's
chief exponent of the Path of Metamorphosis, though he
also imparts the basics of the Path of the Feral Heart.
Characters who seek to transform themselves, physically or
spiritually, find Efrain willing to guide them. He has little
patience, however, for Cainites who seek easy answers.

The Zookeeper often takes a sink-or-swim approach to
teaching, For instance, a Cainite who seeks Efrain's guidance
in becoming less dependent on mortal society might find
herself warped into the form of a hog. Efrain tells the Cainite
he will restore her human form in a week. She must survive
as an animal that several million poor people want to eat.

TheLasombraelderZadkiel ben Aron principally teaches
hisown interpretation of the Path of Night, but can also teach
the rudiments of many other Paths. He is far more of a
professional guru than is Efrain. Once in a while he also sets
out to teach students who do not request the favor. Young
Cainites who strike Zadkiel as "too human" may find them-
selves cast into situations that push them to become more
brutal, more ruthless or more manipulative. The Rabbi of
Nighteasily mesmerizesmortals into playing their parts for his
harsh lessons. Zadkiel prefers not to condition fellow Cainites
into getting themselves in trouble. He regards that as cheat-
ing: His pupils may not want his lessons, but they must choose
how they respond or the lesson is meaningless.

The Malkavian antitribu Bishop Rodolfo offers wisdom.
as well, or at least he offers a madness that he considers
wisdom. He cares more about divining the coming events of
Gehenna than about teaching mystic revelations. If charac-
terscan help Rodolfo in some way, however, he may counsel
them. His remarkable mastery of the Eyes of Chaos enables
him to see "higher plans" in characters' unlives, assuming
that they trust a Malkavian's word. Rodolfo seeks the
Cainites fated to play important roles in Gehenna, and he
may take an interest in characters ifhe foresees this possibil-
ity. For Rodolfo, however, "important role" can include

Carmen Four: Por Tucan

105

destinies like "First to be eaten by a ravenous Methuselah."
The enigmatic bishop wants previews of Gehenna; he does
not yet seek to change or avert the disaster.

Father Yoel still considers himself priest. Assuch, he
would gladly counsel any Cainite in spiritual turmoil,
though his madness may render his advice a bit incoher-
ent. He administers sacraments, takes confessions and
grants penance and absolution to Cainites who still feel
driven by Roman Catholic we

OTHER STORIES

A mere three plotlines cannot cover all the stories that
can happen in Mexico City. No matter how important sect
leadership struggles, mass defections or the demands of faith
may seem to some Cainites, other Sabbat follow concerns of
theirown. These concerns can generate side plotsasachange
of pace from the chronicle's major storyline. Storytellers can
also turn this chapter's main plots into the side plots, or throw
them out completely to pursue some other storyline entirely.
The Sabbat is about freedom, after all, and you are certainly
free to tell the stories you want! Mexico City characters,
history or locations may suggest new plotlines, or you can
expand on one or more of the suggestions below.

@TERNAL VIGILANCE

The Sabbathasenemies whowouldsee thesectdestroyed.
Only someone very brave, very clever of very foolish would
attempt espionage or terrorism in the Sabbat's black Babylon,
but the sect's enemies include Cainites of all three sorts. None
ofthe Sabbar's enemies can strike acrippling blow at the heart
of its power, but they can still try to wear down the Sword of
Caine. Such attacks can form the basis of thrilling espionage
stories with an edge of supernatural horror.

The Camarillais the sect's most powerful foe, with the
greatest resources overall. No Camarilla elder would ever
set foot in Mexico City, but the sect's leaders can send in

aboteurs and assassins. These agents, most of them.
are not necessarily volunteers: The elders of the
Ivory Tower equal the Sword of Caine's best at condition-
ing neonates into becoming "Manchurian candidate"
sleeper agents. There is no reason why the Nosferatu
Icarus could not be such a Camarilla agent who broke,
instead of a Sabbat agent; perhaps Icarus has everything
backward. A Storyteller could construct a thrilling
chronicle of counter-espionage as the characters race
against time to uncover a nest of Camarilla spies before
they can assassinate an important priscus or cardinal.

Another enemy advances on the Sabbat from South
America. So far, that nameless enemy concentrates on
destroying the Sabbatof South and Central America. Sabbat
luminaries now receive packages containing severed but still
animate Cainite heads that gibber in mindless horror. The
enemy can also turn once-loyal Sabbat into suicide bombers
who carry explosives and incendiaries in their own bodies

The only name the Black Hand has yet found for this
enemy is "nagual." Unfortunately, in Mexico this word

refers toa wide variety of supernatural beings. Some legends
describe nagualsas evil spirits in animal form. Other legends
say that naguals are witches who take animal form to play
pranks and steal, or to drink the blood of the living. The
Black Hand suspects that their nagual enemy is a pre-
Columbian lineage of Gangrel, possibly aided by Followers
of Set or Tremere Cainites. Their list of shape-changing
supernatural creatures extends far beyond Cainites, though.
The Black Hand knows of Lupines and several other breeds
of were-folk. It also hears dubious tales of totemic spirits,
skin-changing mortal sorcerers and — they have a really
hard time taking this claim seriously —an animalistic breed
of the fey or even more otherworldly creatures. As yet, the
investigators cannot rule out any of these legendary reports.

A Storyteller who wants to bring the campaign of
terrorism home to Mexico City may want to make one of
the sample elders or senior neonates an agent of the
nagual. This Cainite directs terrorist attacks against Sabbat
leaders, but does not participate in person. Tlaloc also
works with the nagual to the best of his limited ability.

The sect's most insidious enemy lurks within it. The
Sabbat Inquisition exists for a very good reason: Cainites
who sell themselves to the infernal undermine the sect's
cause of freedom at its roots. The Inquisition tends to
sweep up every Cainite it finds, however, and sifts the
innocent from the guilty under torture. A story about a
hunt for infernalists can gain a special edge of terror
because the characters have as much to fear from their
nominal defenders as from the Devil within.

Newin Town

The descriptions of the main plot threads assume that
the players' characters have dwelled in Mexico City for
some time and know the names of at least some of the city's
most important Cainites. It could be fun, however, to begin
achronicle with the characters' arrival in Mexico City. The
pack has come to the bigcity to seek their fortune, to be neat
the sect's movers and shakers, or for whatever other reason
appeals to the players. The characters might know the
names of a few Sabbat luminaries, but do not know who's
who in town, the major covens or who has claimed what
neighborhoods as their domains. The characters are likely
to get in trouble through no faule of their own.

VENDETTA

Unlife in Mexico City tends to be nasty, brutal and short
due to the battles between packs. Sabbat squabble for all roo
human reasons: rights to hunting grounds and other resources,
real or imagined insults, differences of ideology, who supports
the better soccer team.... Mexicans and Sabbat also share a
macho ideology that can get in the way of backing down or
negotiation. What is worse, machismodemands retribution for
attacks, no matter what the cause. Once two packs come to
blows, the cycle of revenge can goon for decades, longafter the
Cainites who began the vendetta are all destroyed.

The sect's elders manipulate the neonates through their
touchy pride. Anelderwhowantsa rival destroyed seldom does

Mexico Cav By Nica

106

between her victim and another pack — or simply promises
favors if her hirelings can deliver Final Death,
methods and feigned motives to the pack's dis
suffers such a dearth of ancillae in part
knock off these up-and-coming Cainite rivals.

A vendetta between the players' charactersand a rival
pack is probably too thin a plot for an entire chronicle. A
deadly rivalry can supply an ongoing subplot, though.
Vendetta can also add continuity to other conflicts, as the
rival pack allies with any other Cainite enemies of the
characters. By the same token, the characters might ally
with any foes of the rival pack. If the characters offended
a local elder, they might become the target of proxy
attacks; or an elder might try to use the players' characters
as his pawns to threaten someone else.

and leaves the
retion. Mexico
cause the elders

INQUISITION

The Sabbat Inquisition remains alert to enemies within
the sect, with special emphasis on Cainites who sell them-
es to demons. The koldun who propitiate Tlaloc «
The God of Waters is not the Inquisition's usual sort of
demon, but the Inquisition does not concem itself with
technicalities. A koldun who offers sacrifices to a spirit in
exchange for magical power isan infernalist, and that is that.

If the secret of Tlaloc surfaces, Inquisitors descend on
Mexico City and question everyone. Any koldun found to have

G

107

sacrificed to Tlaloc likely suffers an auto-da-fé. Any sorcerer
who cannot somehow prove that he did nor sacrifice to Tlaloc
risks the same fate, whether she is a koldumn or not. Esteban del
Tierra, thenecromancerLa Viuda Blanca, the Assamite
zee Ikraam, Abyss mystics such as Zadkiel and Caridad de
Flores —all come under suspicion. The Inquisition questions
every Cainite known to possess sorcerous skill, or who ever
associated with known sorcerers or mystics.

Insisting upon innocence despite torture does not
satisfy the Inquisition. The Inquisitors want leads. The
characters can please the Inquisitors only by delivering
other Sabbatto interrogation... and betraying the Sabbat's
cherished ideal of loyalty

CHARACTER STUDIES

Not every story has to be a desperate bravwl for survival,
a mystery thriller or a drama of high politics. As a change of
pace, the troupe might enjoy a story about their characters'
nightly unlives. How do they hunt? How do they interact
with other Cainites, or with the mortal world? If they possess
any influence in the mortal world, how do they maintain it?
Whatrrtae do they observe? The purpose of such astory isnot
so much to achieve a goal as to explore a character's person-
ality and place in Mexico City. The better the players know
their characters, the more easily they decide how their
characters react to each other and to unexpected challenges.

‘oun: Pror Treans

Berens, i »

Cutty


We assume that Storytellers already know the basics

oftellinga Vampire: The Masquerade story. This chapter
discusses some of the factors that set apart chronicles using
the Sabbat in Mexico City. From there, Storytellers can
move on to consider the tastes of their players and at that
point, it's up to each Storyteller to select plot threads,
create more characters and settings and set up stories. The
players then bring in their characters to make the stories
come alive.

PoOweR SCALE

Mexico City by Night assumes that the players'
characters are all relatively inexperienced Sabbat neo-
nates. Most Sabbat are neonates, period — the sect has
tremendous turnover. Most Sabbat survive no longer as
Cainites than they would have as mortals. Sabbat culture
limits their "immortality" through murderous vendettas,
Monomacies for leadership, attacks on the Camarilla and
high-risk recreations such as jumping through fires.

The book's themes are also geared toward neonate
characters. The hypocrisy of the sect's elders bites less
sharply if the characters are elders themselves. Likewise,
the question of whether the Sabbat enjoys true freedom or
mere anarchy means little to elder characters. The elders
have power, which automatically grants them the leew

to do pretty much anything they want. Sabbat neonates
can do pretty much anything they want, too — but the
elders can usually escape the consequences of their ac-
tions, at least in the short term.

Thisis not to say that Storytellers cannot run an elders'
chronicle in Mexico City. It merely means that such a
chronicle will develop a different style than what Mexico
City by Night presents, and the chronicle will approach the
city and the Sabbat from a different perspective.

If a chronicle runs for some time before moving to
Mexico City, the characters may be significantly more
powerful than most of Mexico City's Cainites without being
significantly older. Such a pack can fight an equal number
of fledgling Sabbat with afair certainty ofovercoming them.
This matters less than one might think, however, for the
city's Sabbat possess a number of "equalizers."

Most simply, the long-established covens such as El
Grito de Dolor include characters who have even more
experience than the players' characters. The coven may
have many more members overall. A pack that finds itself
outnumbered three to one, or even more, receives a
graphic lesson in how the comparatively young Cainites of
the Anarch Revolt slew their powerful but similarly out-
numbered sire

Prudent characters should also remember that the
city's covens prefer to fight on their home ground. The

(Carter Fove: StoRvreine

109

closer an attacker comes to a coven's parish, the greater
their chance of running into traps, ambushes or other
prepared defenses. The Filth Angels take this concept to
the extreme: These Cainites are probably the city's most
callow fledglings, but they and their Herd know every
hidden recess of their landfill haven. Cainites who swagger
into the dump expecting to push around some weakling
childer find either no trace of the Filth Angels or a deadly
gauntlet of deadfalls, burning oil, spears and machetes.

Packs and covens may also have ties to more powerful
Cainites. For instance, Father Yoel of the Machete Cross
is the grandchilde of Efrain Sortano. The junior priscus
does not personally care what happens to his afflicted
grandchilde, but he cares about his reputation among
other Sabbat. A pack that leans too heavily on the Ma-
chete Cross may find Sortano leaning on them in turn.

Does this mean that characters must meekly tiptoe in
constant fear of the city's elders? Hardly. Many of Mexico
City's elders ignore most of the neonates most of the time.
They involve themselves only when they see their own
interests involved. For example, Szechenyi Jolin sees
herself as the guardian of Tzimisce clan honor and tradi-
tion. Ifa pack's members show a special hatred of Tzimisce
Cainites, orpublicly insult the clan in some way, Jolin may
call them to task for their disrespect — anda vendetta with
a Cainite who remembers the Crusades is going to be
memorable, to say the least.

Sabbat packs get away with a lot, including the
murder of other Sabbat. A pack that slaughters fellow
Cainites too wantonly, however, attracts dangerousatten-
tion, Covens form alliances against them; elders ask why
the characters fight their brothers and sisters in Caine
instead of the Camarilla. If a character or pack becomes
too dangerous to her fellow Sabbat, someone finds a way
to neutralize them.

CHARACTER CONSIDERATIONS

A Mexico City chronicle can accommodate an aston
ishingly wide variety of characters. The Sabbat includes
Cainites of nearly every clan, plus a few bloodlines of its
own. Cainites of every lineage can find reason to dwell in
the Sabbat's capital. Sabbat packs can include a broad
spectrum of clans, Disciplines and Abilities, and nowhere
is that more true than in Mexico City.

The city's Sabbatalso includes followers of most of the
Paths of Enlightenment. Few neonates have existed long
enough to fully abandon their Humanity, but they can
sympathize with particular Paths and strive to uphold the
Path's ideals. Path sympathies provide another source of
character diversity.

Under most circumstances, the Sabbat frowns on
ghouls. A pack that included a ghoul as anything but a
terrified and tormented abbot might raise eyebrows, if not
open concerns. Revenants, however, receive a little more
leeway. The Sabbat at large would probably not regard a
revenant character as anything but a moderately favored

slave, but some troupes may want to explore the issues of
equality and bigotry raised by a revenant character. Per-
haps the Cainite characters are unusually broad-minded,
or learn to be so. Such a character would also render the
Exodus storyline (see Chapter Four) peculiarly relevant,
even if the character was not a Grimaldi. If the revenant
character is a Grimaldi, she faces the choice between
loyalty to her kin and loyalty to the packmates who treat
her like an equal... or do they?

The sheer scope of Mexico City also providesa myriad
of options for character backgrounds. Characters can
come from any district — anything from Lomas de
Chapultepec's old-money families to the post-apocalyptic
squalor of the Ciudades Perdidas. Players and Storytellers
can draw upon the city's rich ethnic mix, political history
and ties to the rest of the world as well. The character
Clova Haines is an example of a young Sabbat drawn by
Mexico City's glamour as the premier city of the Sabbat.

While creating characters fora Mexico City chronicle,
players need to follow only two rules, and these apply to
any Vampire chronicle. We've said it before and we'll say
it again: Characters are more than dot ratings in Traits. A
character with no personality, background or motivations
may be a very fine tactical exercise, but will probably
become quite boring — to the other players, at least.

Players also need to think about why their characters
associate with each other. Brute-force compulsion such as
the Vaulderie or a command from an archbishop ("You,
you, you and you — I want you to do something for me.
You're a pack now.") will not keep characters together for
long if the characters hate each other or simply cannot
work together. While good players can cultivate a pack
rapport from such situations (which might make for an
interesting story in and of itself), just having an arbitrary
group convene for its own sake smacks of the old man at
the inn waiting for a party of noble adventurers to... you
get the idea. Itshould also be obvious that a character who
is a compulsive loner or back-stabber — or who simply
does not care about anything that matters to the other
characters — does not work well in an ensemble story.

Some backgrounds are also hopelessly incompatible.
For instance, a Cainite who was a Black Panther in life will
probably not accept a packmate who was a white suprema-
cist. (Even this hasexceptions, though. Players mightcreate
such characters specifically to show how induction into the
Sabbat wipes away mortal bigotries.) Some shared factor in
the characters' history (either as mortals or Cainites) or
some common interest or objective helps the pack to stay
together and display the Sabbat's famous solidarity.

VIOLENCE

The Sabbat is notoriously violent. Packs fight the
Camarilla, Lupines, each other, and damn near anything
else that crosses their path. Some exceptionally brutal
Cainites kill mortals with relative impunity.

‘Mexco Cry By Neat

110

Mexico City is also notoriously violent. Street gangs
brawl against each other in the slums. Criminals rob motor-
ists who stop for red lights. The Mexican Mafia murders
government officials who refuse bribes. The Federales —the
Mexican federal police — are so riddled with corruption
that some people consider them a drug and crime syndicate
of their own. Mexican pop culture idolizes the gun and its
wielders, from revolutionary heroes to drug-runners who
kill cops. Tens of thousands of Mexicans flock to the
bullfight arenas to watch ballets of death, and cheer on their
masked heroes brawling in the lucha libre ring.

With all this violence in the air, a Mexico City
chronicle should be one long fight scene, right?

Wrong. Violence should be common — almost omni-
present—butthatdoesnot mean one combatafteranother.

The violence among the mortals does not need toaffect
the characters directly. They need only see its effects. If the
characters see a teenage boy dressed in gang colors, shot
dead in the street, the players remember the brutality that
saturates the city. A news story about a murdered judge has
the same effect. A cockfight in a bar also suggests the
violence that can erupt at any time, particularly if the
Storyteller draws the comparison between the roosters and
the men strutting and posturing in the bar.

When packs meet, Cainites might indulge in their own
sham violence — showing that they are ready to fight
without actually fighting. Just like mortals, Cainites can
exhibit their machismo through shoving, displaying weap-
ons or fangs, cutting each other off in mid-sentence,
trash-talking and other forms of mock-aggression. Such
displays tend to become ritualized with time. Everyone
knows the drill, everyone has shown that they won't be
pushed around, and the packs can get down to business. A
newcomer, however, might not know the code and take the
gestures as genuine threats. Vendettas that last decades can
grow from one hothead's touchy pride or temper tantrum.

SoutTH-OF-THE-BORDER
BARBED WIRE
Carinire DeaTH Matcu!

Sometimes packs deliberately arrange to fight. A
Game of Instinct such as Cowboys and Indians may
involve two packs dueling each other. Ducti may schedule
a rumble as a way to channel and defuse aggression
between their packs — or the macho posturing may
escalate of its own accord intoa challenge to battle. In that
case, ducti who can resist the group fury seek a way to
satisfy honor before the nascent grudge boils over and
someone meets Final Death. A pack ductus may also call
outa rival pack asa way to impress higher-ranking Sabbat.
Some fights are just for fun.

In the "fun fights," the Sabbat feels free to parody
itself. The Mexican Sabbat loves the overheated, grand-
opera excess of lucha libre and other forms of pro wrestling,
and adopt them with relish. Before the fight, the pack

Caarrer Fove: SrorvTeLuNG
11

members strive to outdo each other with their extravagant
boasts and threats. Participants may put on masks —
anything from colorful hoods to celebrities, cartoon char-
acters or movie monsters. The packs might brawl in asteel
cage, or a ring of fire, or wrap their arms in barbed wire to
draw blood from themselves and their opponents. At the
end, winners and losers toast each other with a Blood Feast
of drugged or drunken mortals. On some occasions, the
battling packs invite other Cainites to watch; packs can
gain prestige for putting on a good show.

Even the most serious chronicle needs a break now
and then. Particularly aftera harrowing story arc, it can be
alot of fun to break out the dice and play through a simple
brawl, especially one that the characters themselves do
not take seriously.

THe Rear THING

Sooner or later, a Sabbat chronicle runs into violence
that the characters do take seriously — not the camarade-
rie of rough-housing or an angry brawl, but attempts at
vicious, bloody murder. Itmay bea Monomacy, an ambush
by a rival pack or a cold-blooded assassination attempt.
The players' characters may be the target of an attack, the
perpetrators or a third party caught up in the mayhem.

When this happens, the Storyteller should strive to
show the pain and terror of fighting for one's life or unlife.
Don't just mark off health levels lost or healed: Describe
the bones broken and the flesh punctured, ripped or
burned. Ifany character frenzies, describe how their bestial
fury sweeps away any trace of human thought or feeling.
Make the fight ugly — spectacular, perhaps, but in an
awful, horrifying way.

Give thought to the consequences of a fight as well.
These can extend far beyond the characters involved. Did
the fighters cause property damage that the city media and
mortals in power would notice? Then they had better fix
it quickly or come up with a plausible cover story, or
answer to the sect's elders for their carelessness. Did any
mortals — people those whose word the authorities might
take seriously — see the characters perform blatantly
supernatural feats? Then someone must silence those
mortals, one way or another, but not ina way that attracts
even moreattention and raises more questions. The Sabbat
claims to scorn the Masquerade, and woe to the Cainite
who even uses the word, but the sect's leaders frown on
members who show a lack of discretion.

Potttics

Despite the endemic violence of the Sabbat, the sect
experiences just as much internal politics as the Camarilla
—maypbe even more, ifsucha thing is possible. The Sabbat
unites many clans, each with its own culture and tradi-
tions, as well as numerous Paths of Enlightenment and
views about the sect's basic purpose and organization. The
Vaulderie helps curtail some of the resulting conflict. So

does the constant pressure from the sect's many enemies:
The Sabbat puts aside its internal differences to fight
everyone it perceives as tools of the Antediluvians. All
this means that the sect's Cainites must resolve their
differences through politics.

The deal-making, compromise and intrigue begin
within the packs. The most stable packs share a mission
and perhaps even a Path of Enlightenment (or at least the
Cainites all sympathize with a Path), but many packs are
not stable. Perhaps one Cainite wants to climb the Sabbat
hierarchy while another pack member wants to diablerize
Camarilla Kindred and a third thinks they should seek a
mentor for a Path of Enlightenment. Strong Vinculi
prevent them from simply going their separate ways. So...
they negotiate. The diableristtells herambitious packmate
how they could impress their archbishop by destroying
Camarilla enemies. The ladder-climber points out that
Path gurus do not take just anyone as their disciples, and
he could help the Path mystic if he had more clout in the
sect. The would-be Path mystic counters that successful
devotion toa Path would impress their superiors and make
them all better warriors for the Jyhad. The ductus, mean-
while, tries to find a plan of action that does not displease
anyone so much that they abandon the pack or challenge
her to Monomacy.

Some packs do become virtual hive-minds, where high
Vinculi encourage conformity of belief and action. The
Machete Cross from Chapter Three is an example. Such
packs require shared and strongly held attitudes to begin
with. They are the exception for the Sabbat, not the rule.

A megalopolis like Mexico City can support several
packs, each with its own little culture and interests. A
well-established coven with business ties seeks different
things than a roving pack out for blood and glory, but the
city's archbishop may need them both. Most Sabbat also
understand the basic truth that fighting is dangerous.
When Cainites fight each other, they risk Final Death;
when Sabbat fight each other, they weaken the sect and
render itlessable to pursue its missions. Some Sabbat don't
care, but they rarely last very long. Wise Sabbat channel
the enmities between packs into courses other than fight-
ing. The packs compete for favor with their archbishop.
They try to put on a better show at the ritae. They boast,
and sometimes find they must make good on their boasts;
they target smear campaigns against rivals, and become
targets in turn. Packs try to puta member of a rival pack in
their debt — not even because they get much real advan-
tage, but just to be one up on the competition. Ducti
negotiate small deals — perhaps a shared War Party, ot
trading tutorials in Disciplines — to build allegiances
against common rivals.

Higher-ranking Sabbat, meanwhile, seek a careful
balance among the Cainites they lead. A certain degree of
rivalry spurs packs to greater efforts, and their deeds
burnish the prestige of their bishop or archbishop. If one
pack becomes powerful or prestigious enough to threaten

Mexco Cry By Nit

112

a coup against the archbishop and her favorites, she can
mobilize rival packs to weaken her own new rivals. On the
other hand, too much rivalry tears the city's Sabbat apart,
which makes an archbishop look bad to her cardinal, the
consistory and the regent.

As the world's largest Sabbat community, with the
greatest concentration of the sect's leaders, Mexico City
sees the most intense politics between packs and leaders.
Mexico City lacks an archbishop because the regent fills
that role. Covens can win favor from the regent herself,
not to mention a few dozen prisci and visiting cardinals
and seraphs. A prestigious Mexico City coven, with access
to one or more of the sect's highest-ranking leaders, can
sell that access to Sabbat from around the world. For
instance, the Institutional Devolutionary Party hasa known
connection to Priscus Venere Carboni; a Cainite who
seeks a meeting with Venere first curries favor with the
PDI. By the same token, however, an enemy of the priscus
may seek to weaken the PDI — if Venere cannot protect
the PDI, his reputation suffers.

The subtle web of Sabbat politics and rivalry extends
beyond individual cities, too. Sabbat chilangos may call
their city the Sabbat's "capital," but Mexico City is not
unchallenged. The Sabbat themselves have a saying that
Mexico City is the sect's heart but Montreal is its soul.
Mexico City's Sabbat lead the sect's politics and the war
effort against the Ancients, but Montreal predominates in
Path mysticism and esoteric Cainite lore. That gives
Montreal's Sabbat their own authority within the sect,
which can breed the Sabbat's own version of church and
state conflicts. If one of Montreal's leading Path practitio-
ners sends out a message advocating a certain course of
action, other followers of that Path give the idea serious
thought, and the sect's officers have to pay attention.
Chaos in the consistory means that power gradually slips
to Montreal — not the power of direct command and
administration (for the Sabbat does not have this), but the
power of prestige and persuasion. This high-level sect
politics probably would not affect most Mexico City
Cainites directly, but it is something for Storytellers to
consider in a lengthy and highly political chronicle.

IMAGERY

Storytellers can use images to underscore the theme
and mood of a story. Symbolic images can be used literally
or through a variety of representations or allusions. For
instance, if the Storyteller wants to use fire asa repeated
image, she does not have to work actual flames in every
scene. Instead, she could include fire in a billboard image
or allude to fire through mention of a fireplace, barbecue
or cans of gasoline.

A little of this goes a long way, though. Symbolic
images are accents to a story, to increase the sense that
events have meaning beyond themselves. If the players do
not notice a symbolic image right away, that's okay. Too

much symbolism, applied too blatantly, suggests that the
Storyteller cares more about her own cleverness than in
providing a rich, scary, exciting story for the players.
Characters themselves can use symbolic images as
much as the player or Storyteller feels is appropriate.
Cainites who feel great pride in their clan or Sabbat
identity might deliberately surround themselves with as-
sociated images. The elder Szechenyi Jolan, for instance,
sees herself as the voice of Tzimisce clan tradition. She
underscores that self-appointed role by wearing the clan's
snake-swallowing-its-tail icon in the form of a ring, brace-
let or pin. She may also suggest the image through devices
such as a sash wound many times around her waist. For
another example, the neonate Matias Cazimirsky paints
the Sabbat's inverted ankh on his motorcycle. He is not at

all subtle in his pride as a member of the Sabbat.

SABBAT SYMBOLS,

Images associated with the Sabbat clans and the
auctoritas vitae work well in Sabbat stories. Such images
emphasize the sect's pervasive presence in Mexico City.
References to clan and sect symbols in advertisements,
murals and other public places can help create a mood of
conspiracy and paranoia: The Sabbat is everywhere. Do
the characters see a billboard for Corona beer? "Corona"
means crown — the Lasombra symbol. The "A" of a
stepladder with its cross-brace can suggest the Brujah
antitribu. The little candy skulls from Day of the Dead
celebrations evoke the Harbingers of Skulls, the Path of
Death and the Soul, or the Festivo dello Estinto. Anything
serpentine could refer to the Serpents of the Light or the
Tzimisce; any sort of cup suggests the Vaulderie.

The Sabbat has a notorious fondness for fire, and
Storytellers can use flames to symbolize the state of the
sect. A vigorous blaze in a fireplace suggests controlled
strength; a few candles in a dark place evokes the sect's
occult mysteries. A flame guttering in the wind can suggest
the Sabbat retreating before attack. A building burning
down warns of the fury and chaos that could tear the sect
apart. Ashes speak of exhaustion, defeat and loss — the fire
has burned out.

ANTIQUITY

Pre-Columbian ruins dot Mexico City, while the
older neighborhoods sport colonial-era churches and pal-
aces. They serve as a constant reminder that the present
grows out of the past and that the past is never truly dead
— a concept that holds a special relevance for Cainites.
The childer of Caine not only meet figures from their
race's past, their elders can sweep them up in conflicts and
agendas that date back centuries. When the characters
meet an elder, setting the scene in a colonial-era building
reinforces the sense of the past intruding on the present.

Pre-Columbian ruins and artifacts evoke a greater
antiquity. The Spanish tried to destroy Tenochtitlan, but
the Aztec city still haunts the modern metropolis. The
Templo Mayor and other ruins stand as architectural re-

Carrer Fove: Sroavretne

113

minders of the ancient city, but Tenochtitlan is not
confined to ruins of stone. The Day of the Dead festival,
the Virgin of Guadalupe and the chilango's love of flowers
pullsa shadow of Tenochtitlan into present life. Including
pre-Columbian relics and customs ina scene can hint that
forces older than the Sabbat may be at work. This works
particularly well if the Storyteller includes the Nagual
War in her chronicle.

RELIGION
Natives of Mexico take their religion seriously. So does
the Sabbat, in its fashion. Even if a story is not primarily
religious, images taken from religion help give a story an
aura of supernatural force and meaning. Storytellers can
draw upon both Aztec and Roman Catholic traditions for
images, and the two traditions sometimes intersect.

‘Any image connected to Aztec gods or worship sug-
gests survival from the remote past. Such survivals seem all
the more mysterious and menacing if they are somewhat
hidden. Diego Rivera's murals of an idealized pre-Con-
quest Mexico are simple and obvious. Placing the symbolic
animal of an Aztec god within a scene is subtler, more
equivocal and therefore spookier. For instance, every year
the Aatecs sacrificed thousands of human victims to the
state god Huitzilopochtli, whose symbol was a humming-
bird. A picture of a hummingbird in the same room as a
grisly murder gives the death-scene an extra, uncanny
edge. For another example, any depiction of the heart can
recall how the Aztecs offered human hearts to their gods.
In such a context, a graffiti heart with two names and an
arrow can assume a sinister meaning. A heart-shaped box
of candy becomes downright perverse, if the charactet
know that some Aztec gods also demanded offerings of
chocolate!

Roman Catholic imagery provides more familiar sym-
bolism with its own connotations of blood and death.
Anything cross-shaped hints at the crucifixion of Christ,
with all its associations of blood, salvation, pain and life
beyond death. Not a few Sabbat twist Catholic images to
suit Cainite purposes; the Path of Night and the Path of
Cathari are especially blatant in their use of warped
Christianity. The tainted power of vitae to sustain ghouls
can ironically recall the power of Eucharistic bread and
wine — the body and blood of Christ — to grant salvation
and eternal life. Angels furnish associations with revolu-
tionaswellasreligion, through the Angel of Independenc:
An angel knickknack falling off a shelf can foreshadow
danger or ruin. The Sacred Heart combines Catholic and
Aztec imagery, especially when depicted still in Christ's
body with the chest opened like a display cabinet — or like
an Aztec sacrificial victim

Unique ABILITIES

Considering how many Cainites dwell in Mexico
City, it should surprise no one that a few Sabbat develop
novel powers or manifest unusual Merits. Few of these

Cainites ever teach their special abilities, however, and
some abilities cannot be taught at all. A character who
wanted to learn a new combination Discipline or the like
would probably have to offer a significant boon or some
similar payment — with no guarantee of success. Combi-
nation Disciplines and other rare powers are often unique
expressions of Cainite's personal obsessions. Storytellers
do not have to let players' characters learn these (or any
other) unique powers, if they think that this would disrupt
their stories.

New DIscIpLine Powers

HApE OF ALL Beasts
PROTEAN © © ©®, VicissiruDE © ®®)

Cainites with the Protean power of Shape of the Beast
can take their choice of two animal forms in a matter of
seconds. Cainites with Vicissitude can reshape their bod-
ies into the form ofany animal of the same mass, given time
and enough vitae to power the Discipline. A Cainite with
both — and some knowledge of zoology and comparative
anatomy — can learn to take the form of any animal
between the size of a tiger anda rabbit. They can also force
other beings into animal form.

Aswith Shape of the Beast, the transformed Cainite
retains her psyche but can use the natural abilities of her
animal form: keener senses, flight, rapid swimming or
even venom (but no more lethal than would be normal
for the species).

System: Changing form costs one blood point and
takes three turns. Each additional blood point spent
reduces the time by one turn, toa minimum of one turn.
If the character uses the power to transform someone
else, the transformation takes minutes instead of turns.
Additionally, an unwilling character can resist, with
the player making a contested Willpower roll (difficulty
6) against the would-be flesh-shaper's Dexterity + Body
Crafts (difficulty 7). If the potential victim gains more
successes, she successfully resists the restructuring of
her body.

Unlike Shadow of the Beast, the transformation does
not assimilate the ¥
possessions. While in animal form, a character can use any
of her Disciplines except for Necromancy, Serpentis,
Thaumaturgy or Vicissitude. The Storyteller defines the
natural abilities of the various animal forms.

A character with Shape of All Beasts can stay in
animal form as long as she wants. She can resume her
human form at will, without the need to expend more
vitae. So can another character who has Shape of the
Beast. Cainites of equal or lower generation than the
character can heal back the transformationas if it were five
health levels of lethal damage. Mortals and Cainites of
higher generation than the character cannot reverse the
change at all without extensive reshaping by another
master of Vicissitude.

This power costs 24

Cainite's clothing and small personal

perience points.

Manco Cary By Nicer

114

Brace ror Impact
(Fortirupe & ® © ®, DoteNce ® ®)

A Cainite who possesses both the unnatural strength
of Potence and the supernatural toughness of Fortitude
can learn to apply that strength to resisting some forms of
damage. The power does not help against normal combat
damage such as fists, bullets or blades. It does not grant
extra protection against fire, electricity, sunlight or other
energy-based sources of damage. The power only helps the
character soak physical impacts thataffect the entire body:
falling damage, car crashes, explosions, or being struck
with very large objects. The character must also expect the
impact, so he can brace against it.

System: A character with this power can automati-
cally soak one health level of impact damage for each dot
of Potence that she has. This can be bashing, let
aggravated damage (as from falling off a skyscraper), but it
must come only from impact — no cutting, piercing,
burning or other forms of damage. At the Storyteller's
option, Brace for Impact can also help a Cainite resist
crushing pressure or vacuum decompression:

Sse

or

This power costs 21 experience points.

New Merit

ALTERNATE SENSE
(7-pt. SupERNATURAL Menit)

The character does not require vision because she
possesses another sense with equal discrimination. Typi-
cal examples include a bat's sonar or a bloodhound's sense
of smell. The character does not suffer the usual penalties
from operating in total darkness, though specifically visual
tasks (such as reading) remain impossible. The character
can also identify other characters by non-visual means.

Alternate Senses tend to "see through" Chimerstry
illusions and Obfuscate concealment because few Cainites
understand nonhuman or superhuman senses. When a
character with Alternate Senses encounters a character
who uses Chimerstry, Obfuscate or similar powers, use the
system for "Seeing the Unseen" in Vampire: The Mas-
querade p. 152 — but treat the first character as having an
Auspex rating two higher than it really is. For these
purposes, a character who lacks Auspex entirely has an
effective rating of two.

Alternate Senses often show some connection to
Auspex or to the body-altering Disciplines of Protean,
Serpentis and Vicissitude. They also usually occur only in
Cainites who suffer blindness or other extreme impair-
ment of their normal senses.

Apsyss Mysticism

Obtenebration places a Cainite in contact with a
mystic realm of darkness that the Lasombra call the Abyss.
Strange, alien intelligences dwell in the Abyss, and a
master of Obtenebration can contact them, call them into
the material world and force them to serve. A sufficiently
powerful abyss mystic can travel through the darkling

Carrer Fove:

115

realm with enormous speed, or temporarily merge with
potent entities in its chilling depths.

Abyss mysticism generates other strange manifesta-
tions as well, but this art is far more limited than actual
Thaumaturgy. Many manifestations are unique expres-
sions of a Lasombra's personal understanding of the Abyss,
as filtered through his occult studies and propitiation of
dark and deathly consciousnesses. Few mystics learn how
to command the Abyss in more than one or two ways,
beyond the basic Obtenebration powers.

To practice Abyss mysticism, a character needs at
least five dots total in Obtenebration and Occult, and at
least two dots in each. Each mystical feat calls for a ritual
that lasts at least an hour, the expenditure of a blood point
and a successful Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty 7).

Clanbook: Lasombra_gives further details on sum-
moning abyssal entities and traveling through the Abyss.
Inbrief, abyssal entities manifest as Arms of the Abyss that
act with a will of their own, They have the Physical
Attributes of normal Arms of the Abyss and as many total
dots of Mental Attributes as the summoner has dots of
Obtenebration. Successes on the Intelligence + Occult
roll and extra blood point expenditure can increase these
Trait ratings. Travel through the Abyss requires the Level
Six Obtenebration power of Shadowstep (see Guide to the
Sabbat, p. 111). Caridad de Flores and Zadkiel ben Aron
have developed unique feats of their own.

ZADUICL'S GUARDIANS

Abyssal entities normally remain on Earth for only a
short time. Keeping them around longer requires re-
peated summoning rituals and feeding them fairly large
amounts of vitae each night. The abyssal entities in
Zadkiel's well can stay on Earth until something destroys
them, and he does not need to feed them more than one
blood point per month. In mystical terms, Zadkiel has
infused the well with abyssal energies to make the dark,
cold water a shelter for the entities. In game terms,
Zadkiel has turned these entities into actual Retainers, so
he does not have to keep summoning them or feeding
them more than he would a ghoul.

The abyssal Retainers have Strength and Dexterity
Traits of 5, and ratings of 2 in each Mental Trait. They
never leave the well unless Zadkiel commands them out to
defend the haven.

Caripan's GARDEN

The Lasombra Caridad de Flores feeds her tenebrous
vitae to her plants as part of rites to honor Persephone, the
Greco-Roman goddess of death. Her vitae-fed cannabis
plants produce the kalif that she trades to the Assamite
sorcerer Ikraam. She has also produced other prodigies of
occult gardening. The plants in her interior garden show
death-pale tints or dark, Abyss-tainted hues, and a few
masterpieces display unusual powers of their own. Caridad
spent years breeding her ghoul plants, and they would take
at least as long for anyone else to duplicate.

RYTELLING

* Ghoul Bamboo: Bamboo shoots can grow a foot a
day. Caridad's ghoul bamboo grows three feet a day, and
their Potence lets the shoots punch through inch-thick
wood or similar barriers (though this process is slow, and
unlikely to work in any capacity as an attack)

* Cainite Asphodel: The Greeks believed that as-
phodel, or white narcissus, grew in the Underworld
Caridad has bred a ghoul asphodel that grows and blooms
in less than an hour, but only in the crumbling flesh of a
destroyed Cainite. The flower has no other occult prop-
erties or powers

* Pomegranates of Persephone: According to her
myth, Persephone had to spend half the year as Queen of
the Dead because she ate six pomegranate seeds while a
prisoner in the Underworld, For her greatest feat of Abyss

mysticism and occult gardening, Caridad imbued a pome-

granate tree's fruit with that mythic power of death. A
mortal who eats one of Caridad's pomegranates or drinks
the juice from the fruit falls into a deathlike sleep for
several days. The fruit has a weaker effect on Cainites who
consume the blood of a mortal dosed with the juice.

System: If a mortal consumes a Pomegranate of
Persephone, his next sleep becomes a vampire-like torpor.
Each day, the mortal character's player makes a Stamina +
Survival roll (difficulty 6): The mortal awakens when the
player accumulates 12 successes. A mortal who has been
autopsied or embalmed, of course, is truly dead. Detecting
that a torpid mortal is actually alive requires an Intelli-
gence + Medicine roll (difficulty 9).

Ifa vampire feeds upon a mortal dosed with the magic
pomegranate juice, she too may enter torpor. In this case,
however, the character can awaken again if the player
simply makes a Stamina roll (difficulty 6), which she may
attempt once per night at the normal time she would rouse
from the day's slumber.

Maxco Cay By Niet

116

stronsbold of the sabbat

The city teems with over 20 million mortals. Since the dawn of the New
World, Mexico City has been the bastion of the Sword of Caine. In the modern
nights it remains that way, though plagued by Cainite overpopulation and
sundered from within by internal dissent. Although it presents a bold facade,
how strong is the Sabbat's sprawling home?

MeuHico city by Night

Includes:

~ e A complete setting for Vampire stories
° Suitable for characters of any age or power level

e Allows characters to have an effect on the fate of the Sabbat itself, should
they choose to investigate its bleakest secrets
