# File: Midnight Circus.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

PRE MR, BS, Coe fame Ss

5 SOURCEBOOK

eS ee a =] mae

A WORLD OF DARKNES

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A_A—A—A—A_A

BY CHRISTOPHER HOWARD AND RUSTIN QUAIDE

vy iVvivy Vv'. Vv' viv wv wavy YoY VOY
TABLE OF CONTENTS I

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A_A__

CREDITS

Authors: Christopher Howard and Rustin Quaide

Development: Ethan Skemp

Editing: Cynthia Summers

Additional Gruntwork and Material: Phil Brucato, Cynthia
Summers, Richard Dansky & Laurah Norton

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Katie McCaskill

Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly and Aileen E. Miles

Art: Andrew Bates, Mike Chaney, Leif Jones, Brian LeBlanc,
Vince Locke, Matt Milberger, Steve Prescott, Andrew
Ritchie, Ron Spencer

Front Cover Art: Dan Brereton

Back Cover Art: Steve Prescott

Cover Design: Katie McCaskill

White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.

trademark or copyright concerned.

of Darkness candy store!

©1996 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without the written permission of the publisher is expressly
forbidden, except for the purpose of reviews. Vampire the
Masquerade and Mage the Ascension are registered trade-
marks of White Wolf, Inc. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming and World of Dark-
ness: Midnight Circus are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by

The mention of, or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the

Because of the mature themes involved, reader discretion is advised.
Check out White Wolf on the World Wide Web at http://www.white-wolf.com It's like the official World

SPECIAL THANKS

Rob "Da Ref" Dixon, for figuring out how to work Blood
Bowl into all sorts of places it doesn't belong.

Emory "X" Hester, for the Great Elf About-Face.

Justin "Gummy Bonesnap" Achilli, for unmitigated money-
laundering cheatery.

Brad "Glug-Glug" Butkovich, for gleefully revelling in car-
nage and bloodshed that has nothing to do with the Blue
and the Gray.

Pauly "Chico" LePree, for the piscine insanity he wasn't
even there for.

Tan "Stinky" Lemke, for hornswoggling an innocent group of
tourists into Haiti.

Jeff "Wild Thing McThud" Holt, for the B'scui Belly Flop.
Banzai!!!

And to Ron "Brass Polisher" Spencer, for agreeing to be a
Danzig roadie for White Wolf.

BEY go Suite 100
"st ae 7a un uy Bu
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

GAME STUDIO

PRINTED IN CANADA.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

VV TV Vv Vv TV TV Vv "VV Fv ry fy TY VY rv =v vv

‘

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Carte Gers a Tarr00

INTRODUCTION

CHarter ONE: THE History OF THE CIRCUS
Carrer TWO: THe Wrote Sicx Crew
CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS

CHAPTER FOUR: BREAD AND CIRCUSES
Carrer Five:THe Waste LAND
APPENDIX

14
20
30
66
90
96

Y(VT Vv Vv Vv vv vv vivYsv i iV sv VY VY wivYioYVvyiefveowvVoq«YV

TABLE OF CONTENTS


= A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A _A_A_A_A

aN
—_ "as>

3 (Kr 4 0 »\ 4 v 4 Se Nol oye

Z YA\\ e, a olo\e

i ne <6) a\ \y TO» U U 2

od WV TV eV 3V FV TV TV sv cV TV FV SY ee ey PV SVT Sy FV TV

4 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A__A_A _A_A_A_A—_A_A

A__A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CHERIEGETS A TATTOO

Cherie Leblanc snapped colored plastic bands about the
wrists of the carnival-goers, sweating even in her tank top and
cut-offs. She was pushing a lank piece of hair from her eyes,
when she noticed Alexander. He was a tall youth, slender and
exotic, with dark curls and an olive complexion. It was a sight
that overpowered the heady combination of tourists' sweat
and the strains of Bonnie Raitt on the radio. She watched him
work in his dark turtleneck (odd for this heat), fascinated with
his wild brown eyes which drank in the world, casting the fair
and the surroundings into a fathomless calm.

Alexander didn't notice her. He was engaged in conver-
sation with two boys, juggling red rubber bands in one hand
with swift grace while he spoke. Cherie's friend Denise saw
her staring and laughed. "He just joined three days ago. Make
a grab for him."

Cherie blushed. She pulled her brown-blonde hair back
and tucked it under a purple scarf, glaring at her friend. She
hit Denise playfully, then thought, Why not? I finally got rid
of Michael. The sun's hot and I need some fun. She looked in
Alexander's direction again, but he was gone, vanished
between the ice cream and cotton candy stands.

The men in black caps and T-shirts continued to line up
at the stand. The more conservatively dressed women (save for
the two in Jack Daniels T-shirts), lanky blue jeans-clad teen-
age boys with their dates, cigarettes dangling from their
mouths: all came to Cherie's booth to throw down their
crumpled dollar bills and tarnished coins. In return, she
strapped on the plastic bands, admitting them to unlimited
rides at the Fairfax County Summer Fair. Here Bealle and Son
("Fifty Years of Quality Family Entertainment") provided the
mechanical rides from the Ferris wheel to the Snow Blizzard.

Cherie was 17, but had an ID that said she was 21. She
was beautiful. The boys and men would drink the sight of her
in, as if her image were ice water in a desert. It was something
she had gotten used to. She was merely there to strap on red,
yellow or orange (four years old and under) bands, allowing
them to enter the gateway to the bumper cars, merry-go-
rounds and mechanical octopuses that kept them entertained
well into the summer night.

The thought of the new worker played across her mind.
Why hadn't she noticed Alexander before? Probably because
Michael was always skulking around, getting plastered and

vvevevrevrevrevrevrevyvvreivev ivrowvywevyv wv Vv ‘WT WWW

CHERIE GETS A TATOO


crying all over her. He was a ride operator; he was also 24 and
took their breakup hard. Michael was falling apart, and she
had to comfort him, prop up his shattered ego. All the while
she wondered, Why do I have to be the mature one? I'm younger.
Denise understood. She was Cherie's age and had gone
through "the older man thing" too.

Alexander, now, he looked young and approachable.
She saw herself with him, talking and laughing. She en-
joyed the pleasant fantasy until Denise shook her arm.
Reality crashed over her like a wave at high tide. Suddenly
the fair was incredibly loud and bright; even the faint
buzzing of a fly in her booth sounded sharp and harsh.

"What time you off?" Denise asked.

"10:30 tonight, but I got a half-hour for lunch. Meet me
in 20 minutes."

The trailer where she lived with Patrick Delany, her
foster father, was empty when they arrived for lunch. The
two girls grabbed some barbecued chicken and soft drinks
that were set aside for the carnival employees. Her mother
had vanished last December with a professional card shark
(John or Jake?) to Mexico ("just a couple of weeks, hon").
There she met Jorge Domingo, owner of a radio chain in
Baja, CA. She never came back. After wiring all her family
and friends for money, she simply vanished into that unac-
countable realm of distance and silence. Cherie didn't
really mind. Patrick was easygoing and didn't ask for favors.

At the end of a workday, after Cherie made dinner,
Patrick would break out a small bottle of Jim Beam and
regale her with tales about his life on the streets. He was
all the family she had. Her father (colonel, US Army) left
when she was eight for a Korean woman. She received
occasional checks from him, but unlike Patrick, he wasn't
there for her.

Patrick was handsome in an unkempt kind of way —
blond hair going gray, a quick smile and a face reddened by
the sun. There was a charm in him like a light prism in an old
7up bottle, sparkling and leaping to life at odd moments.

Patrick's job as head mechanic and accountant for
Bealle and Son kept him out a lot, even at night. She would
wake up in her room and know he was gone, prowling
somewhere. Cherie imagined him as something half-wild, a
roamer of cities, a beast-dog with predator eyes who pro-
tected her.

And then there was that humid, murky night when the
chirping of crickets anda broken air conditioning unit drove her
crazy. At 3:17 a.m., she walked into the kitchen for a glass of
water. She recoiled when she saw the massive figure in the
shadows, but for some reason, she didn'trun. A huge wolf looked
back at her with understanding sad eyes, panting from the heat.
"Patrick," she whispered. Even now it was hard to tell if it was
a dream; the realistic touches of oily hair, rubbing dirt balls off
her hot skin and the disorientation upon seeing the reclining
wolf seemed real. A restless dream, but not at all scary.

A_A_A_A

It was a strange life, but uniquely hers. When Cherie
thought about it, everything fit together like a bright glass
mosaic. There was decay all around her, but she survived.
Cherie was adaptable.

Patrick showed up as they dug into the chicken. "Hey,
girls," he waved, lighting up a cigarette. Patrick was a jack-
of-all-trades with no point of origin. The list of street people
and hoboes he had known was endless. At some point, his life
had intersected with the carnival. "Best thing that happened
to me," he'd say, eyes distant and melancholy.

"You see that new kid, Alexander?" Denise asked.

"Who's askin'?" Patrick returned.

"We are."

"Yeah. Chatted with him. Smart guy. Seemed nice. Only..."

"Only what?" Denise asked.

"His scent. Couldn't place it... you live in some areas I
have, you get to know tastes and odors intimately. Like
Cherie's mom. There was a suggestion in her, more so in
Cherie, which this shnoz can pick up on. Almost like you're
kinfolk. But Alexander..."

"Pat-rick," Cherie laughed. Patrick was always mutter-
ing that they were ‘kinfolk.'""

"Hey, he's all right. The old man's just giving you a hard
time." He opened a can of beer, squinting in the harsh noon
sunlight.

"Anyway," Denise said to Cherie, "a bunch of us were
thinking of going driving about midnight. You coming?"

"Sure," Cherie answered. "Where are we going?"

"Skyline Drive, up in the Appalachians. Scott, Jason —
Jason's driving — Scott's new girlfriend, Andra. You and me.
And that new guy, Alexander."

"He's killer cute," Cherie said. She thought about the
hint of innocence and wildness.

"Tl have him stand inspection for you," Denise said.
They giggled together.

Cherie looked at her watch. "Look, if you want him...
Michael's kind of spoiled romance for me the moment."

"No, I'm into Jason right now. He's normal after Greg."

Cherie nodded her head. "Catch you about 10:45," she
said, and sprinted back to her booth.

Patrick swallowed a lukewarm mouthful of beer. "Keep
an eye on her," he told Denise. She smiled, and was gone.

Patrick sighed. In some way he realized he was among
people without a world view, or one that clutched at the odd
ends of Americana: soap operas and sports events, rock shows
and bad advertising. All these people lived in a kind of
prolonged eternal present where things just happened, vic-
tims and passive observers of their own lives. At some point
you have to take charge or just drift away into nothingness.
Patrick had learned that lesson all too well. And the fair? It
just gathered all these drifters under one banner, kept them
out of everyday invisibility.

VV VV Vv Vv Vv Vv Vv Vv OV =v sy FV =v VV oY ov VY Y

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A

After 10:30 they counted out the money, and Cherie
walked back to the trailer section. The lights of the Ferris
wheel, spiraling cages and carousel made the night ethereal,
not quite real. She slipped into her trailer, changing into a T-
shirt and a pair of blue jeans. Denise soon showed up, sweaty
from helping her father shut down the kids' rides. Johnny was
with her, ready for a friendly card game with Patrick. Johnny
was the "Son" in "Bealle and Son" anda recovered alcoholic.
He was in his early 40s with dark hair and carried himself in
an easygoing, friendly fashion. He plotted the seasonal trav-
els of their operation. After Fairfax County, they'd make
their way for the Shenandoah region.

The girls hurriedly applied their make-up in the cramped
bathroom, then ran out between the trailers and the parking
lot to meet Jason and Scott. Andra was there as well, waiting
with Alexander. He still had on his long-sleeved black
turtleneck and jeans, with heavy hiking boots.

"Hey Alex, this is Cherie," Denise said, shoving Cherie
slightly toward him.

"Hi, Alex," Cherie said shyly, and extended her hand.

"A pleasure," he said, taking her hand. His accent was

exotic, but she couldn't place it.

"I work over at the entrance," she said. "I saw you juggle
today..."

"I'm over at the Ring Toss booth." he offered, smiling.
Jason pulled up, and they all piled into his old Duster. The
wheels spun and they tore out, kicking up clouds of dust in
the midnight summer air.

Cherie and Alexander held on, cramped and perspiring,
while the car radio blasted Soul Asylum's "Runaway Train."
All the while, they sped down Route 7 against a panorama of
strip malls and lights.

They found a late-night diner and ordered food. Cherie
and Andra sat on either side of Alexander in a crowded
booth. She hadn't noticed how thick his curls were before.
His scent was strange and powerful; autumn, mulch and
clove cigarettes all came to mind.

Two hours later they'd driven out of the suburbs
of Washington, DC and to the feet of the Appala-
chian Mountains off Front Royal. The ancient hills
loomed dark before them as they plunged up Skyline
Drive toward Big Meadows, halting off an overpass .
that looked down onto the Appalachian Valley. Down
below glimmered the isolated lights of the separated
farmsteads. Above them the fierce canopy of a thousand stars

glowed and twinkled in the deep heavens.

The couples paired off, walking about the scenic overlook.
Cherie and Alexander looked off the stone wall embankment
into the valley. Shyly, she asked Alexander about the night.
"T've always liked night in the mountains," he replied.

"You see, people look up at the stars and they no longer
see wonder," he said. "It's as if the curiosity of people, all that
desire to know and feel, has gotten caught up in television

2 i A> a oa a Ca a ae aa a Mi A Ma mi Be mae Mae 4

CHERIE GETS A TATOO

A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_,

and mundane life. Once a man could look up at the Big
Dipper, say, and see gods in the heavens, a fine symmetry to
the universe. Now that security is gone. Science removes the
comforting mask and is busy with expanding energies, black
matter and I don't know what all. The end result is that it
makes people smaller. They ignore the night now. ‘Let us go
to the lit places, let us make day longer,' because people are
afraid of the dark. At least ancient men and women could
look up and tell stories about various gods; the night was
beautiful and full of magic."

"T used to like to take walks at night when I was
younger," Cherie said. "I would hear my mother snoring, and
then I would sneak out. And | thought, the night is so
familiar."

"The night can be many things," Alexander said. "I feel
free in this night...it is hard to express."

"It's good up here."

Alex fell silent for a long moment. "In the Other
Carnival, it was hard to see the stars," he murmured, as if
talking to himself, then he looked into her eyes and laughed.
His hand gripped hers briefly. Then suddenly, he leaped
silent and dolphin-graceful over some rocks near the preci-
pice. She scrambled after him, only to find him dancing
joyfully on the rocks, breathing in the scent of sap and pine.
He stopped, then, and smiled hesitantly at her.

Every break and every night after, they were in each
other's company. Before long, their coworkers considered
them a couple. Patrick approved; he and Alexander got
along well, discussing everything under the sun together.
Patrick had visited more than his share of museums in his
wanderings, and could wax poetic on painters and their
styles, both of which fascinated Alexander. Michael stopped
coming around, too. He confronted Alexander once one
night. Alexander talked with him alone, and Michael de-
clared him "a hell of a guy," and that was that.

Everyone seemed to like him. He had an easygoing
manner and a calming presence. When asked where he was
from, he said Greece, but he had traveled all over. However,
Cherie also had a nagging question. She still couldn't tell if
they were a couple or "just friends." After three weeks of this,
she complained to Denise, and the girls plotted to get her and
Alexander alone. Bealle and Son had moved on to the
Loudon County fair; the next day it would reassemble in
Woodbridge, VA, for a summer carnival on the race grounds.
On the day after the assembly in Woodbridge, Cherie
and Alexander found themselves walking alone through the
empty fair grounds. The carnival would open on Friday. The
wind flapped through festive flags; a few lone birds cried out
into the summer sky. Signs above empty tents beckoned to
future crowds. "Madame O'Donnel's Palm & Tarot Read-
ing." "Fool the Guesser." "Killer Man-Eating Crocodile
Inside!" "Creep Show Featuring the Ugandan Mummy!"
"Girls! Girls! Girls! Dancing Paris Show!"

The rides were also still. A lone Ferris wheel, the Ice
Express, the Spinning Octopus, the carousels — all were
abandoned as if humanity had disappeared that quiet Thurs-
day morning. They walked through a ghost town before they
arrived at the Poultry House, a small wooden building where
the local valley farmers displayed their prize-winning fowl.
Corrugated tin covered the roof, contrasting the red, blue
and yellow banners of the carnival.

They stepped inside. Rows and rows of cages filled with
Japanese Black chickens, Plymouth Rock roosters and hens,
Rhode Island Reds and others stared at them from behind
mesh wire. The silence was deafening.

"Oh, look," Cherie whispered, pointing to a white
feathered bird that looked as downy as a chick. Alexander
shifted uneasily among so many cages. He pressed her hand
to leave.

Suddenly, all the birds cried out at once. The roosters
crowed, the hens clucked, the turkeys warbled — a pande-
monium of sounds suddenly assaulted the two at high volume
from all sides. They ran out and fell to the earth laughing,
surprised to hear the sound of their own voices against the
tumult of the birds.

"It's me," Alexander said, gulping for air.

Cherie's eyes filled with tears. She fell onto him and
kissed him, her hands running through his dark curls. Her
fingers touched two knobs beneath his thick hair. Gently
parting his hair, she saw two goat's horns sprouting from his
scalp.

"Cherie...," he whispered.

"It's okay," she found herself saying. "I think I guessed all
along."

"Later," he said.

That night they drove up Highway 81 toward Front
Royal, then abruptly turned down a dirt road that lead to a
swift river. Alexander had become more bold, holding her
and running before her into the damp night, laughing. She
followed, shafts of moonlight touching the tips of pines and
illuminating the waters. The sound of frogs croaking filled
the night.

Alexander shed his clothes and dove into the cold water
while she waited on a rock. When he emerged, she could see
by the pale moonlight that his lower body resembled a goat's,
dark fur ending in hooves which left tracks in the mud.
Cherie scrambled down the rock, taking his hand.

"You mustn't tell anybody," he pleaded in a soft voice.

"T won't. Ever."

They walked hand in hand, lost in their thoughts.
Alexander finally broke the quiet sounds of the night.

"T used to work...well, no. The Other Circus, the Old
Circus took me. From where I do not know or remember, a
place of mountains and small pines, shepherds and wild
places. They caught me in a trap, mimicking the distress call

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS


LK_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

of my kind, although I have seen few others like me. The
Ringmaster and his woman — she was young and old — they
crafted a spell which held me. I was displayed with the other
old ones, an iron collar about my neck." He drew with his
fingers where the collar used to be; it had bitten deep into his
flesh, leaving a shadowy scar around his neck.

"Oh, God...How long ago?"

He didn't answer immediately; the only noise for a space
was the rising sound of distant frogs. "You cannot measure
time in the Old Circus, Cherie. It defies time, it slides before
it, a graceful matador; it cheats time and goes its own course
with phantom lights, luring many moths. A year? Centuries?
The old doctor who was my keeper read Goethe and
Schopenhauer to me. From him I began to understand new
things, transcendental notions. My mind awoke while I wore
that collar. It began to breathe for itself. How odd it all was.
The doctor considered me an abnormality, a freak, so he
thought little of discussing Plato or Schiller with me. The
Ringmaster and some of the others knew | was a rarity. They
treated me with some deference. It was a sad place. You could
feel that the very air was heavy and full of corrupt things.
Even the doctor thought that time passed differently there."

"How did you escape?"

"The Fish Woman, the Sphinx and I often discussed the
possibility of breaking free. You have to understand, they had
their pale horse riders and dogs who could hunt anything
down. Yet a young lady rescued me. One evening, in the still
hour, she came in and shattered the chain with a word. We
slipped out into the night as the Old Circus wound its way
between destinations. | doubt I was missed for some time. I
put distance between myself and my captors; yet not without
irony, for] have no home to return to. Where to go? The only
places I feel drawn to are carnivals, familiar and melancholy
to me. | am home here."

"Alexander," Cherie whispered, trying to grasp it all.
Alexander seemed suddenly old and fathomless. She dug her
fingers into his.

"No, no," he hastily explained. "I have a gift for you."

He pressed a small wooden jewelry box into her hand.
She ran her fingers over the carved designs of grapevines,
then opened the lid. Inside were a set of small vials, each
holding a dye of a separate color. Cherie sighed and rested her
cheek against Alexander's.

Three days later the carnival was up and running.
Cherie was enjoying her dinner break with Patrick and
Johnny Bealle, eating coleslaw and corn.

"Patrick, have you ever heard of a carnival called the
Other Circus, or the Old Circus?" she asked.

"The Other Circus," Bealle repeated. "I've seen them
once. They had great shows. Their joeys were a little weird,
and they had the human oddities... but they were always
followed by a black cloud. I was a boy when | went; my old man
wanted to check out the competition. I saw a man, bareback,

covered with eyes. That's a little much for a kid. One of their
hired hands was found dead some years ago, the police inves-
tigated. They're always trailed by that sort of publicity."

Patrick added, "You know, circuses always exist in zones of
unpoliced spaces. Oh, they can be fined or shut down, but the
normal laws just don't apply. The Old Circus, you said. I
remember this hobo, we called him Snake Man George, he
made me swear I'd never go there. ‘It's a trap,' he told me,
showing me these marks on his arms and hands. I listened to
him. Cherie, he told me things I won't repeat to this day. It's got
an evil rep."

The sounds of the day were no longer young; the cries of
birds seemed tortured and old, the chirping of crickets a
mindless mechanical rhythm. Patrick turned his head to
where Cherie sat, hugging her knees.

"Did Alexander work for them?"

"] think so," she answered. "He doesn't like to talk about
it. Alex says he can't remember much; you just couldn't sense
time there. I think he left on bad terms." She bit her lip, hoping
she hadn't betrayed too much of Alexander's confidence. A
bitter taste that was a little like lemons filled her mouth.

"That explains it," Patrick muttered, staring into the ice
cubes of his whiskey. "They don't usually get out. Hell."
Johnny and Cherie looked at him, worried.

Patrick tried to smile. He saw the two clearly: butterflies
gathering the sweet nectar of flowers ina sun-drenched field.
They didn't notice the night was approaching. And with the
night came a dark wind, with the hint of crumbling souls and
hunting eyes.

The next day began uneventfully enough. A crow
flew about the place all day, pestering the workers. Some
of the younger hands were amused by its persistence, and
tossed stones at it while it clung to a flag pole or tent
canvas. It kept coming back, so eventually they grew
bored and returned to work, irritated with its constant
cawing. Cherie took lunch with Alexander, where he
showed her a picture of himself at the Ring Toss in a local
Loudon County newspaper, backdated a few days. "I hope
they captured my better side," he told her.

Late that afternoon Denise came to the entrance, a
ripped poster under her arm. "I found this plastered on the
refreshment stand," she said, unfolding it. In letters and
design reminiscent of the circus ads of the previous century
it read: "SEE THE AMAZING GOAT BOY! WHAT IS
THE SECRET OF THE SATYR? COME ONE, COME ALL
TO THE MUSEUM OF ODDITIES!" There was no picture.
Cherie felt nauseous.

"When did you find this?" she asked Denise.

"On my way here. I wanted to tell you, this lady came
by, asking for Alexander. It was weird. I thought, why
should I tell you? But she had this spooky stare.... So I told
her to check the pens near the race track, because I knew
he wasn't there."

r_vvvovovovvvrevrivrevrvr~evreviv TW WY WW

CHERTE GETS A TATOO


A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_

"Denise, do you know where he is?"

"No. He wasn't at the Ring Toss. I thought he might be
with you. The lady... she was beautiful, but strange. She wore
these flowing robes, kinda Stevie Nicks retro."

"I need to find Alexander. Fill in for me?"

"Sure."

Cherie dashed away, racing between the crowds. She
passed the Ring Toss booth — he wasn't there. His coworker
Bobby Leale said he went to help with one of the toddler

carousels that had broken down, over near the parking area.
Cherie raced toward the ride, lungs aching in the dry air.
Images flashed past her: rows of old people, children, cheap
frescos of clowns and ancient rides. And still no Alexander.
She slammed into someone and stumbled back. It was
Alexander.

"What is it?" he asked, resting a hand on her shaking
shoulder.
"Looking for you. They're looking for you," she
gasped, handing him the crumpled advertisement.
His face went white.
"Let's get you to the trailer," Cherie said.
A metallic hissing froze them to the spot. Turning, they
saw a large, shirtless bald man turn the corner by the pizza
stand. He was covered in eyes, a thousand eyes focusing
and blinking on his chest, stomach, arms and back.
\ Cherie's stomach lurched in revulsion; she fought the
urge to throw up. The huge man folded his arms,
looking over the crowd for someone or something.
Behind him two clowns in white grease paint, carry-
ing clubs, peered this way and that.
The large man turned a corner and was gone,
eyes glancing with mute imperturbability. The clowns
followed.
Cherie slipped her hand in Alexander's, and they ran.
They reached the entrance, turned right for the trailers.
Behind a crowd emerging from a Senior Tours bus, they
saw a man ina top hat and bright red coat with tails. He
hada theatrical black waxed mustache and was chewing
on a cigar, barking orders to a mime. They cut an
immediate right toward the trailers, leaving the new-
comers ignorant of their swift passing.
"Him," Alexander panted. "It's him."
The trailers were empty. The thin light of late after-
noon was gone now, chased away by the sad colors of
early evening.
"Whoa there!" Patrick said, appearing in
the doorway with an open beer in his hand.
"Daddy, they're here," Cherie said. "The
Other Circus. They've come for Alexander."
Patrick's large hand fell on Alexander's shoulder. "It's
true?" he asked.

"Yes," Alexander quickly answered.

TT
10

VV VV VV OV VON SV Ve = re ov Oo
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A

"Let me guess. You had to escape."

Alexander nodded, slowly collecting himself. At last he
said, "Let me run. I don't want them hurting you or Cherie."
He gripped her hand hard. Her eyes began to moist over.

"Cherie's safe," Patrick said, running his hand through
his hair. "Here, honey, I got something for you." He went
back inside the trailer, emerging a minute later. In his right
hand he carried a small pendant bearing the image of a
rodent. "I know it isn't the prettiest thing, but it'll come in
handy." He clasped it about her neck.

"What about you?" she asked.

"The kid and I have some surprises," Patrick said. "I have
an—"

Patrick's words were cut off by the kawk of a giant crow
perched on the TV antenna above the trailer. The great bird
flapped its wings and darted between the mobile trailer
homes.

"Hell," Patrick muttered. As if in reply to the crow's
cries, the Ringmaster appeared. The large bald man with the
thousand eyes walked with him, as did a slender mime attired
in the costume of a Renaissance jester, waving a staff of bells
in their direction. The mime's lucent eyes shone on them. A
sly smile crept across the Ringmaster's face.

"Run, boy!" Patrick shouted, shoving Alexander in the
opposite direction. Alexander stumbled and caught himself.
As Cherie reached for him with trembling fingers, a low
growl reached her ears. She slowly turned to see Patrick
changing, growing, wild hair and claws and teeth replacing
the familiar man she knew. Patrick became a great half-wolf,
howling a lonely and challenging cry.

The Ringmaster stepped back. The bald man dropped
into a wrestling position and smiled, a thousand silent eyes
watching the werewolf. The two opponents began slowly
circling each other.

Alexander made a wild scream, like no sound Cherie
had ever heard before. It echoed off the trailers and rides and
food stands. A thousand birds shot skyward and the mime fell
back, clawing the air. The Ringmaster covered his ears, and
Alexander struck him hard in the stomach. He doubled over,
clutching his belly. As he struggled to his feet, the Ringmas-
ter whistled. Far off came a response of chiming bells. A
single note split the air.

"Run," Patrick growled.

Alexander and Cherie ran, scrambling through the
sparse crowds and red dust. They reached a wooden fence and
broke through to the field beyond. Cherie stopped. "I... have
to help... Patrick," she burst out, her head swimming with
fear. "He's my only... family."

Alexander nodded, and looked furtively at the dark
Appalachian mountains. "Save him," he whispered. Then he
kissed her and was off through the fields and orchards
beyond. Cherie, blinded by tears, began jogging back, search-

ing desperately for some sort of weapon. The best she could
find was a spare metal tent support from an empty supply cart.
She balanced it on her shoulder and ran on.

She raced down the empty lanes back toward the growl-
ing and blood. Patrick had covered the large man in bloody
claw marks. A hundred eyes wept red; a hundred eyes were
blinded in pain. Patrick caught the man up in a crushing
embrace. She could hear ribs cracking, see the man's face
turn blue from lack of oxygen.

A thousand eyes blinked and shut; the light in them
died. Patrick threw the body down. The corpse bubbled
away, oozing into hot wax, seeping into the earth. A smell of
decay filled the area.

The mime raised his staff in mockery of Cherie's tent
pole. He silently laughed at her, revealing sharp, curving
teeth. Cherie instinctively pulled out her pendant of the
rodent, trying to keep him away. The mime fell back, stum-
bling into Patrick's lupine form.

"Patrick, here!" she yelled, tossing him the tent pole. In
one blurred motion Patrick caught it and plunged it com-
pletely through the mime's chest. Then Patrick leapt on him,
his furry weight crashing into the ground. Clouds of dust
puffed up, and the mime let out a hideous scream. Patrick's
huge clawed hands tore the head from the body and tossed it
at the foot of the Ringmaster.

The body went up in a blaze of blue fire. The head shot
off sparks and red smoke, just like a Fourth of July toy.

"What a poor exit," the Ringmaster said. "A true mime
should never break character." He pulled a large whip from
his belt, eyeing the werewolf before him.

"This isn't your fight," the man said. "I'm only collecting
on the return of an investment, ‘recouping my collateral' as
the Board of Directors would say. Why don't you run off toa
moot, you garbage-sniffing mutt?" The whip cracked twice in
the air. Patrick picked up the tent pole. The whip snapped
with electricity, binding the werewolf's hands to the pole, a
red spray of blood shooting up from his wrists.

"The Board, Mr. Gnawer, is never wrong," the Ringmas-
ter intoned. He snapped the whip across Patrick's back,
knocking the werewolf away from the pole. Panicked, Cherie
held out the pendant in the Ringmaster's direction — who
knew if it would have any effect, but what choice did she
have?

It distracted him. Patrick leaped onto him, knocking off
his top hat, crushing him into the ground. The man hastily
removed his left glove, revealing his palm to the eyes of the
maddened Garou. The jaws of the werewolf were inches from
his throat. Specks of saliva fell onto his red coat — and then
the werewolf stopped.

A single eye, dark as the void, stared at Patrick from its
place in the Ringmaster's palm, capturing his predator eyes,
blinding him.

vvvovivivivrvvyvrev vvyvvyv ivy iv WwW WwW YW

CHERIE GETS A TATOO


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_{A_

Patrick froze, lost in the darkness of the eye. He could
not see, feel, or hear. The man loosened himself from the
werewolf's embrace, and got to his feet. He flashed his
hand toward Cherie. She felt the black and evil gaze bore
into her. Her chest grew warm where the pendant rested,
and some of the darkness abated. She was rooted to the
spot in a trance.

The Ringmaster smiled, brushing the dirt from his
coat. He smirked at Cherie and shrugged, pulling out a
gold watch from his vest. Snapping the watch case open he
placed it before the still werewolf and began to quietly
chant, "Vermis Unus, Infernus Daemon, Tempus Fin."

Suddenly, Patrick's wounds bled like fountains. The
werewolf aged before the strange clock. His fur became
gray and then white, his whiskers long and eyes sad,
staring into the pitiless sky. He painfully turned his head
in Cherie's direction.

"Remember," Patrick whispered. Then he collapsed,
clutching at his chest in stiff jerky motions. The Ringmas-
ter raised an eyebrow. "52 seconds," he remarked.

The Ringmaster smirked, and looked down at the
prostate body of the werewolf. The body had stiffened,
and was quietly dissolving back into a human form, an
antiquated mockery of Patrick's healthy form. The with-
ered mouth was shut, the arms and nails frozen. "Too
bad, Mr. Gnawer," the Ringmaster said. "We could have
used you for an act. Ah, well, you should have seen the
one who got away," he chuckled to himself, shaking his
head. He glanced over at Cherie. "Got to stay on top in
this business," he told her, and tucked his gold watch
back into his vest.

"Not much time for speculation on the stock market
where every captured soul is a percentage gain in your
assets. After the old stockholders take their cut, of course."
A vial appeared between his gloved fingers. Beneath him
Patrick's metamorphosis continued. The stench of rot and
dead meat hung heavy in the summer night.

The decay was swift and brutal, like perverse stop-
motion photography. Patrick's corpse withered away into
a skeleton; the brittle bones cracked into fine dust. The
Ringmaster unceremoniously scooped up a vialful of the
powdery grains. "Essence de Lycanthrope!" he exclaimed.
"Still fetches a price on the infernal market. Real werewolf,
ground to a fine powder! Lacking stamina and courage
with the lasses, sir? Try this rare remedy, ground from the
heart of a lycanthrope hunter and warrior! Lacking animal
magnetism? Not anymore! Brings out the beast! Half-
price discount under the full moon."

The Ringmaster walked away, top hat bobbing. Two
thuggish clowns appeared from between two trailer units.
He spoke quickly and quietly to them, and then was gone.
Cherie was in tears, shaking as her limbs slowly thawed. She
collapsed onto Patrick's ashes, smearing her tear-stained

face and hair with his dust, vainly trying to rub away the
pain. A strong wind burst down the trailer alley, swirling up
the ashes until they were gone into the humid blackness.

Far off, a lone crow cawed, "Dead, dead, dead."

Cherie struggled to her feet and bolted for Denise,
stumbling and crying. She found her friend in the en-
trance stall, and almost fell at her feet with fatigue. Denise
caught Cherie by the arms, and gasped, "Whoa! Easy!
What happened?" Cherie was still trying to catch her
breath when a shout cut across the midway.

Johnny Bealle was shaking his fist at the Ringmaster's
two brute clowns. "Get out of here!" he yelled. A clown
sneered in reply. Bealle's fist connected with the clown,
sending him to the ground. The gathering crowd ap-
plauded, thinking it part of an act. The other clown raised
a club and bore it down on Johnny's head. He pointed
conspiratorially at the audience, and they howled appre-
ciatively. Johnny shook his head and struck out wildly,
smashing the tramp clown in the face. Blood flew, but the
clown genially produced a red silk scarf from his throat.
The audience was delighted.

The first clown rose, theatrically waving his club.
He grinned and struck Johnny on the head with a loud
crack, smashing Johnny to the ground. Bealle's blood
pooled and clotted in the red dust. The onlookers ap-
plauded as the clowns made a show of kicking his prone
form, then bowed to the crowd and ran off. Denise and
Cherie dashed over to Johnny as some more of Bealle's
employees ran up.

"Someone call an ambulance!" Cherie shouted
through her tears.

Somewhere from the fields beyond the fairgrounds,
the sounds of drums and trombones echoed in the air. A
funeral dirge piped up, advancing toward the two girls.
Sorrowful notes drifted by in a strange rendition of
Chopin's funeral march, mixed with a New Orleans
wake. Clowns began shuffling slowly onto the fairgrounds,
playing musical instruments as they came. There was the
Ringmaster, holding his top hat in one hand, People
attired in flowing robes, leaves in their hair, followed
him. The last of them carried a harp, playing on while
her face remained expressionless. Finally, two clowns
brandishing their blunderbusses and carrying a pole be-
tween them brought up the rear. Alexander, stripped
naked, was tied to the pole like a bagged deer: a satyr
captured in a hunt.

Cherie cried out. Alexander opened his eyes and gave
her a sorrowful, defeated glance that bored into her. Then
he stared blankly into the crowd before his eyes slid shut
again. The crowd at the fairgrounds cheered as the mem-
bers from the Other Circus made their way to the entrance.

»

Cherie leaped to her feet and ran after them. "Stop!

»

she screamed. "Please, stop!

, a Mo Ao A Se i) ae mie Mame, Ge aa) ae (ie a> aa a ai a ie

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Only the harpist halted. She was every inch a princess
out ofa fairy tale, and her harp wasas beautiful as she was. She
nodded to Cherie and half-shrugged one elegant shoulder.

"He's going home," she said with solemn sympathy.
Then she walked on, beginning to play again. Cherie felt the
world give way at the new song. Her eyes saw only faint
twilight, and she heard only beautiful singing. As the distant
voices beckoned, Cherie wordlessly joined the procession.

When they found her two hours later, she was wan-
dering a country road, smiling to herself. Every pebble,
every blade of grass was singing to her with fierce love and
sorrow. The workers brought Cherie back, and gradually
the beautiful world that the lady sent her to slipped away.
Eventually she heard that the strange parade had long
passed, taking Alexander with it. Denise stayed with her
through the night.

Cherie held on. She was tough. She'd lost her foster
father and her lover, but she mechanically kept up with
work and sleep. Patrick's small inheritance became hers.
She kept traveling with Bealle and Son. Still, she thought
of Alexander late at night. Had he escaped again? Were
there others like him? And as she wondered, the summer
slipped by to no purpose.

Then one night, she picked up the gifts that
Patrick and Alexander had given her. She'd worn
the strange rodent pendant since then, but she
hadn't touched the dyes in weeks. After a bottle of Jack
Daniels for courage, she found a tattoo parlor and
cajoled the proprietor into a custom job. Using
Alexander's dyes and her specific instructions, he gave
her a one-of-a-kind work.

When the last of the ink was under her skin, she began
to feel Alexander's presence. She could feel him, lost and
sad in a stall on display, or hear his strange and sorrowful
flute-playing. At night she comforted herself by listening
to his heartbeat. She knew, somehow, that he was aware
of her as well. Some invisible bridge had been crossed.

The dyes had connected them; Cherie understood
that. Plans began to shape in her mind, sharp and clear.
With the tattoo as her lodestone, she would find the
Other Circus and free Alexander, free all the trapped, sold
souls who haunted its gossamer tents and sideshows.

She would raze the Old Circus to the ground.

In the last fading days of summer, the people contin-
ued to stare at her as she wrapped plastic bands about their
wrists. A satyr danced on her chest, picked out in beautiful
earth tones. He played the Pan pipes as he frolicked, and
he was rendered in a style both foreign and ancient.

When someone noticed her tattoo, she would smile a
secret smile, feeling the beating of his heart somewhere
and hearing the sad notes of a forgotten flute. She would
find him again, but for now she had his image, wild and
happy, with her forever.

vv Vv vv Vv Vv Vv Vv Vv
CHERIE GETS A TATOO

ae
=<


A_A _A_A A _A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Under the charm of the Dion)

sian not only is the union

between man and man reaffirmed, but nature which has become
alienated, hostile, or subjugated, celebrates once more her
reconciliation...Now the slave is a freeman; now all the rigid,

hostile barriers...are broken

— Friedrich Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy

Secrets abound in the World of Darkness. The more one
knows, the more terrifying and intricate the universe becomes.
Vast forces, unknown to humanity at large, are at work. The
Technocracy, the Kindred and agents of the Wyrm seek to
bend reality to their own dark desires. Millions of lives are
affected by unseen hands. Much of human history has been
shaped by one conspiracy or another. Yet there are other
forces, sublime and beautiful. Paths to the Umbra, the change-
ling realms and the land of the dead lead from the everyday
world. The ancient forests contain marvelous spirits and
guardians. Old forgotten areas are strong in the essence of
mag

nd some things survive by escaping the notice of the

powerful, or by concealing their trails with ancient rites.

Relegated to the side show stands the remnant of centu-
ries, the Midnight Circus. Amusement rides and performances
common to most circuses are found here. They seem initially
harmless, yet already there is something at work in the circus,
dark and draining. What appeared to be harmless entertain-

d, a trap that lures the
unwary. Far from powerless, Anastagio's Olde Time Lunar
Carnival and Midnight Circus is a web of infernal energies,

ment becomes darkness personifie:

mighty even by World of Darkness standards.

The circus has always captivated crowds. People like the
spectacle, the unusual, which temporarily binds the community
closer together. For a brief moment daily concerns give way
before physical feats and unusual sights. This is what the ancient

vvovivvvyvVvyvVvVyVVvyvVvyvVvyv vy vy Wvyvywvyiyw?yiy

INTRODUCTION


A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A__A__A_A__A__A__A_A_
carnival and modern

4 circus offer, a chance to

J lose oneself in the astonished
crowd. And it's fun —forget your troubles
as the ringmaster casts his spell on the audience!
EE The Midnight Circus is far older than appear-
ances suggest. Powered by infernal energies, it is
the remnant of a cult which traveled in procession across
the ancient world. Originally devoted to aiding the emerging
human race against the forces of darkness (e.g., Garou and
Kindred), it decayed until it became tainted by infernal
powers. Now possessed by dark spirits, the Midnight Circus
cuts a destructive spiritual swath through human communi-
ties, leaving entire regions drained of protective energies.
Mages, the Garou and wraiths interpret the vast de-
vouring carnival under the biases of their disparate
cosmologies. This may not mesh with Kindred or change-
ling views. Like a house of mirrors, many dark reflections
smile back. The enemies of the Midnight Circus are pow-
erful, but divided. The Technocracy's scientific experiments
are subject to random chaos upon the mere appearance of
Anastagio's carnival. Legends among the Garou state that
it is Wyrm-tainted, but between the Uktena and Wendigo
tribes there persists a rumor of one of the Croatan tribe,
held captive within its demonic mazes. Changelings have
heard that there is a pathway to Arcadia woven among its
illusions. The dead, at least, are uniform in avoiding it.
Some wraiths have been fed to it against the laws of their
leaders; others have entered it searching for lost comrades.

THEME

When encountering the denizens of the Midnight
Circus, remember that all is masked. Powerful-seeming
performers are frauds; petty barkers and money-counters
possess infernal secrets. All is illusion. Once within its
boundaries, the laws of the natural world slip away, and
the nightmare quality takes hold. The feeling is every-
where — the smell of death and old attics, the lost look of
the hired hands, the frenzied barking of two-bit con men.
The carnival's layers unfold like the peeling of an onion;
every layer discards the previous one until the dark,
gluttonous heart stands revealed.

This game assembles elements from all of White
Wolf's roleplaying lines. It is a crossover campaign,
eg * allowing for various denizens of the World of Darkness to

1 ae cooperate or compete. A group consisting of a Celestial
Lg ria Chorus mage, a Tremere vampire, a sidhe changeling
s and a Silent Strider Garou may have a better chance of

uncovering the carnival's secrets than a pack of angry
Garou cubs or newly Embraced Kindred. This is not to

oe a %
aly il i Vi a"
sana a Lay) ; A say that a homogeneous group can't function well against
!

Is Fe the Midnight Circus. Yet the Midnight Circus itself is an

Ga? A> dD Gam Me wee, ae. coe) ae a Sm ai a Ain Gee Cae, aan Mae iar fe
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

alliance of diverse groups (changeling,
mage, Kindred), anda diverse player group
may have a better chance against them. The
Storyteller can create a challenging game
for powerful characters or new initiates. Far
from being a petty carnival run by fomori rejects,
the power level is quite ~s>

high. The deeper one
plunges, the more maca-
brethesecretsbrc ait. YTD

to light.
Y=

Moo

The motives that bring characters to Anastagio's
strange playground may vary, but the themes of discov-
ery, recovery and conflict generally hold them together.
Within the ancient carnival, confusion and disorientation are
the rule. The subtle vibration of decay grows until the charac-
ters are almost strangled by the malevolent powers within the
circus. This is also true on a metaphysical level. The longer
they are involved with the circus, the more drained they
become. Even the most casual visitor leaves with an odd
feeling plaguing him for weeks afterward.

The highest achievements of civilization are mocked
and ground into the dust, while trinkets and side show actors
hold forbidden knowledge. Some see the circus asa metaphor
for civilization. It masks the depredations within and re-
moves the mask to hook its prey. Secret dreams and desires
are the honey it offers to lure the unsuspecting down a
hellish labyrinth. Once they are devoured and ingested, it
spits out the wrecks and searches for more.

Paranoia and fear grow with exposure to Anastagio's
Midnight Circus. Different factions within the carnival
befriend, use or attack the players. Eventually the players will
succumb or confront it. The mood should be one where
powerful antagonists use veiled diversions to confuse the
players every step of the way.

HOW 10 USETHIS BOOK

This book is for Storytellers. Players can create characters
of the Midnight Circus if they want (see Appendix), but the
Storyteller should hold the history and secrets of the carnival.
The book gives the history of the Midnight Circus, a descrip-
tion of the denizens who inhabit it, the metaphysics at work,
various strategies and reactions to it, and possible game sce-
narios. This book is a guidepost. The Storyteller holds the map
to uncharted territories of imagination.

Midnight Circus is usable with Vampire: The Mas-
querade, Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Mage: The Ascension,
Wraith: The Oblivion and Changeling: The Dreaming.
Some of the characters detailed hereafter, however, have

set
i, Ul

Z (WW
| Dy

g

ni
'

|

\ J Me aa mn Ma ao me ie a me Co Me Mab we ie Be Bee,

INTRODUCTION


been created using certain supplements from each line. In
particular, The Vampire Players Guide, The Werewolf
Players Guide, Book of the Wyrm and Nobles: The Shining
Host all offer variant character creation possibilities upon
which Midnight Circus has capitalized. For mature players,
Freak Legion: A Players Guide to Fomori and Dark Reflec-
tions: Spectres may also prove invaluable information.
However, if you don't have these books, don't panic.
Storytellers can use this book even with troupes who only play
one of the World of Darkness game lines. If you aren't quite
sure what a certain character's statistics or abilities allow him
to do, make an educated guess based on his power level and
motif. Also, don't be afraid to convert circus characters from
one system to the next, or add your own. There's no reason why

Ringmaster Cavendish can't be a vampire in your chronicle,
or why Calabris wouldn't make a good changeling. Enterpris-
ing Storytellers may even make dramatic changes, such as
making the Midnight Circus a troupe of wraiths that tour the
Shadowlands or a twisted band of Marauders that spread their
reality-warping influence from town to town.

The practical upshot of all of this is that the characteristics
are here for those who want to make use of them, but Storytellers
shouldn't feel shackled by them. Midnight Circus is a book
intended to spark your imagination and add a new element to

your stories. Use what you like; modify or discard the rest.

Enjoy the show.

Tue Snow Tat Never Expos (Resources)

Storytellers wishing for inspiration or further ways to
enhance their troupes' excursions into the Midnight Circus

have a number of resources on which to draw. The cultures of

the circus and the carnival have fascinated many creative
people, whether to amaze or to horrify. Sometimes they do both.

What follows isa taste of the magic of the carnival, whether
in literature, music, or film. Come inside and be amazed...

Fis

¢ Freaks — Tod Browning's very disturbing excursion
into the culture of circus freaks was banned as too extreme in
its time, and is still viewed with misgivings today. Many of the
freaks seen are true oddities. Based on the short story "Spurs."

© Nouvelle Experience — A special on the creation of
the wildly popular Cirque du Soleil. For those who are
‘anada-based circus, this should whet
your appetite for the fantastic.

© Something Wicked This Way Comes — The movie
based on Ray Bradbury's classic with Jonathan Pryce as the
Ringmaster loses something in the translation, but is worth

unfamiliar with the C

seeing for the visuals.

¢ Killer Klowns From Outer Space — Hordes of nasty
clowns invade Earth with carnivorous balloon animals and a
big top full of horrors. Very over-the-top cult-stuff.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvovv Vv Vv VY WY WY WY WY WY WY WY WY WY VY WY WW"

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

¢ Vampire Circus — A Gothic creaker from the early
‘70s, but good campy fun.

¢ The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari — A silent film from the
‘20s, with a mad narrator, a madder hypnotist and the eerie
somnambulist in a strange visiting circus.

¢ The Seven Faces of Dr. Lao — A strange Asian
magician brings his circus to town, and madness follows.

Books np Comics

* Blind Voices — Tom Reamy.

¢ Something Wicked This Way Comes and The Illus-
trated Man — Ray Bradbury. If you read only one thing for
this, make it Something Wicked, and make time for The
Illustrated Man. Enough said.

¢ 1T—Stephen King. Skim this dinosaur for the encounters
with the demonic Pennywise the Clown. His back story should
inspire your own for your chronicle's run-ins with the circus.

¢ The Big Book of Freaks and The Big Book of
Weirdos — Gahan Wilson. Comic-book style vignettes of
freaks, oddities, scaries, and just plain strange folks. Drawn by
some of the best in the business. Freaks has a good section on
P.T. Barnum and his freaks.

¢ "Hop-Frog" — Edgar Allen Poe. Short story about a
court dwarf whose patience and sanity finally snap in the face
of humiliation and degradation.

© Sandman and The Books of Magic — Neil Gaiman.
Good atmospheric reading.

¢ The Circus of Dr. Lao — Charles Finney. The novel
that created the film "The Seven Faces of Dr. Lao."

© Geek Love — Katherine Dunn. Creepy and occasion-
ally stomach-turning. This novel about a woman taking
teratogenic drugs to make her unborn children into freaks is
not for the faint of heart.

© The Last Unicorn — Peter S. Beagle. A more fantas-
tic circus takes up a portion of this classic.

© Nightmare Alley — William Gresham. A novel on
life inside the circus from the freak perspective.

Music

© Cirque du Soleil, Nouvelle Experience, Saltimbanco,
Mystere and Alegria — The music of Cirque du Soleil is at
once evocative and haunting, mysterious and beautiful. No
calliopes, but still true circus music.

© Good for Your Soul, Dead Man's Party and
Nothing to Fear — Oingo Boingo. Three very good
albums for background music or brainstorming. And while
we're on the subject, many of Danny Elfman's movie
soundtracks have pieces that would work wonderfully
with creating mood.

¢ The Black Rider — Tom Waits

© "To the Shock of Miss Louise" — Dig out your "Lost
Boys" soundtrack for this carousel tune.

© Dead Can Dance — Soundtrack to the World of
Darkness, this duo's amazing repetoire ranges from the high
mystical to ethnic to Goth.

¢ The Changelings — This Atlanta-based band is at
once eerily beautiful and unashamedly different. Reminis-
cent of Dead Can Dance.

vvovvvvrvrevriv vv vy Ww Ww Ww YW

INTRODUCTION


A_A _A_aA _a A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A A _A_A_ A A A

oe hm
Fae
v

oS
Qi,

—
LelF JON&S


A_A
A A A
AA A A AA ee
| oy wee %

". (HAPTER ONE:
THE HISTORY OF THE CIRCUS

But when the amphitheater became mpty she 4 erformer. not enly disappear
You would fi a ate e only empt y shells, the old perfor s dit
; : in ai ; ‘mers did not su y dis
drawing a crowd at a fair: the wi : ways of this old Roman world, stopping at a bar! * on cl z
bear.... The monks' chronicle would : x ‘ i a : : er ev : 7
Jen 10 . eee Te : 2
fy ; echt not notice them, nor, if awa e of th i bi =
en ut as shadows or substance, the circus rer et e 2 ° T ntually e bac
ln mB . ' precrn oI eir existence, even be able
identify them. But is ‘ nained in existence and Il k
<a e and eventually came k
— Lewis Mumford, The City ir yr rigt ransjorm m, ar rospect:
, The City in History: Its igi
story: Its Origins, Its ransfo' nation d Its P.
s , and Its Prospects
) spects

a ~_ go ~
Jde Time Lunar Carnival

The History of Anastagios O
and Midnight Circus {
¢. The Curse of Lilith shall follow her, and the Y
d her Sires. giving 10 the Adamites such spells
x

wed from the Blood of Lif
fs, aiding their priestesses

©
nd fled the city. and rejecte
her gifts tot!

jd. That the Mysteri

{ the Enochite shall be rem

The name of Namsac'
fneir dances and ritual

gns against US. 4
ies be given, ort

or she has placed si
he sheep rise UP against \

and protection as she can. Yea, she has b
bartering for small price t
Jave against the master.

doom of Caine: f
ecome Abomination, spreading
fat which should m

is against all that

ot ever be to!

and holy men.
has been ordained.

the wolf, or the s
_—The Apocrypha of
_.And in the dry season. the

and who hungers always, broke its
Jways, circle onc
rt our wheel of continuance, and she made
— fragment from "The Lamentations of Elath the Kenite".
eS ——~_ "we

id whom those of the Nile call Apophis

ius and Isharra sayin
a, thou

Lilith
spirit of the underworl

he children of Ampel
of Isharra said. ye
ich devours its ow tail, w

g, let me in, that your
hungry and devouring
orld without end.

spirit of the waste places. the
ponds and fled. And it came tot
ircle, world without end. And the priestess
he sign of the serpent wh

The Book of Baal-Gad.

festivals may continuca

spirit, now thou a

ee oN

\ ar se vvyiyv
Vv
vveveieyv vv
vvy
CHAPTER ONE: THE HISTORY OF THE CIRCUS 1

A_A_A_A_A _~_A _4A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_

It was in the city of colophon in tonia, after reading the

works of Heraclitus the obscure that 1 observed the followers

of Dionysus perform their cites, of whom the priests of apollo

at pelphi made inquiry. they traveled with a sacred tree

tended by priestesses, and various white-masked holy men.
within their tent city were things hard to explain, care and
exotic animals from the indus and beyond, even satyrs, butof
the
fes
nign. The priestesses told me they came to protect men from

e and other secrets they were loath to tell, save this: their

vals wer

re old before the acheans and mycenae, and be-

those dark elements in the cosmos, Titans and certain ghosts
who feed on blood. The rites believed that two unseen deities
held power over their festivities: cara, a female goddess
whose worship resembles the karnei festivals in sparta, but
also having healing attributes akin to those of Hermes, anda

dark cthonic power embling the snake god python whom
apollo slew at pelphi, which is why they believed apollo's
priests made inquiry of them. pionysus is worshipped openly.
one of the priestesses gave me anemblem of the moon, the
sign of their festival, to distinguish it from similar orders. Butthe
men of crete, who are liars, say that these festivals have always
been so, andthat the goddess aphrodite has chained adack spirit
with the aid of poseidon tarth-shaker, giver of horses. It Is as
Heraclitus of ephesus wrote: "Hades and pionysus are the same,
in whose honor they go mad and celebrate the acchic cites.""

— erymanthos of corinth, 486 B.c.

so 1 have described to you, guartus, the banquet our
emperor Domitian presented; a cooked chicken inside a
coasted lamb; itself inside a boar prepared by the cooks.
after the f

ast the

>mperor asked me to attend to him in

. In private he had one of his guards, a deaf
ort his followers from the room, and then

his quarter

syrian,

inquired if 1 was the same vitus who gathered intelli-
gence against theJacians. 1 replied that 1 was. He then
asked me if 1 would undergo a mission for him, to spy

into the Luna circus which has recently set itself in our
city. He let on that a wealthy senator, Linus, of old and
reputable family, had lost a daughter, one pomela,
sixteen and of good reputation, to the circus. An actor,
the scourge of the emperor, is suspected. 1 readily agreed;
a life of retirement on my family villa had grown dull.

1am asking you, guartus, as you did in antioch, to
infiltrate the place of our concern and report. Be dis-
creet, as the circus's stay in Rome is being generously
funded by pomitian, who only asks that actors not be

allowed to take the stage. as you know, Lucius Antonius
the traitor had spies in this city, some of whom still
operate for other masters and listen for any scandal
that may damage the emperor oc his allies.

1 inquired about the tuna circus and found it
came from Greece. Three sisters who work there for
the sibyls told me that it was once benign, but that

vvoviveivvvyvvyvvyetwywewywésé+e'q'?=s+w~*ésé'vreéré«‘wwsvyveétiEOY oWYOWYSWw?

4_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A

the masters had changed and the old gods were for-
gotten; the ciccus had fallen on evil days. any crone
who styles herself a soothsayer in the countryside
repeats the same tale: we are in bad times, give me
coin and 1'll wail more.

1 entered, disguised as a Roman Gaul in the city
for business, and a most peculiar thing happened.
actors in white-painted faces accosted me and led me

to a show where one of their number, dressed as the

emperor, held a banquet where a cooked senator

was presented to the guests. The senator is carved

openand alegionnai
He I

ited, equally coasted.

S pre

gutted, and a roman citizen, also prepared,

comes out. "The backbone of our tax sy ," one of
the fools cr

then the emperor clapped his hands, and the fools

and they all laugh before dining.

fled, save for one dressed like myself, only a gro-

tesque fawning look was in his eyes, and the emperor

made him beg for scraps and then spy on the circus.
ue then kicked him out in a bit of comedy 1 found
distasteful. How did they know? my fear mastered
me, and 1 fled.

1 cannot go back, my confidence is shaken,
and1 find myself sick with sores. please, guartus,
1 beg you...

— vitus eligius, 90 a.p., letter to Quartus Maximillus

ofofdshe wasknownasastarte the Beau-
tful, and named in her youth Autumn Queen
and the maid of petals. the gofden rays of the
sun played down ber bair fike a waterfall,
vetastarte's foue was given to the fight of tbe
moon and aff things which come out in se-
crets during the fong night's reign. such was
ber joy in ber youth, the efdest daugbter of
criann, ford of the bost. the bards of the sidbe
composed twenty-and-seven songs bonor-
ingberbeauty.TWwenty-and-seven handsshe
refused in union.

there came a time of storm in autumn,
when feaues blew off the skefetafbranches
of trees and in the dark wind promises of
distant fands and distant things were
brought to every sidbe beart: fongings and
terrors and beart's anguisb. and astarte
rose, and faughed at the storm while the
people of criann cringed, and sbe said,
"come and carry me away, hope beyond
bope, for 1 am the Queen of winds and pe-
spair, of Anguish, and the High Hope of my
race." and the winds carried ber, and on the
morrow she was gone.
— The crimson Book of rhe sidhe

lany Vv VV VV Vw VY VV VV VY NV Vou hv CY

CHAPTER ONE: THE HISTORY OF THE CIRCUS


A.

Nabil thn Saqy dif not heed Muhammed ion A-Hasan
A~Khalidi's in junction to avoid associating with evil peoyle,
for fe often tok to the marketyCaces a6out ‘Bagdad to sek them
out and debate with them. "When the tents of the wandering

ormers and dervishes were pitched for the enjoyment of the
court and prorte, he entered and debated with the white-painted
ests of that place. They fied out to the noble S ifs of
wisdom and truths Nabit sougt, and so caugt ike a
fisherman migit with nets. He (eft with the wandering fotk,
still debating now dressed in the odd garments of the whitefaced
ests, So we (ost one of our most noble teachers, fleeing with the
strange folk of, tty desives. If we must associate with traveling
folk, Cet tt be with believers.

= Rashad iin L.ufti, Teachings of Horahim Abd Amir (ca.
97 AD)

Oure Lord has stricken us with Hligtt, allowing a carnival
to enter this payee, which did cause ruin amidst people with
works of Satan and divers mages. J did inform His Grace, the
Bishop, who saide the carnival fol ave of Gaine and Lucifer:
and saide for the good of all souls to.preach a sermon with a
morality play after about Everyman and his figtte with the
Worlde.

— Father Wickam of York, Ghronide of York, B79.

i in circle eating j
os tee Fre poraus reduced to scale
0m that stran, i
stan hunger from the ae uae oe
il powers |
And a third, unh ree

— Sir Geoffrey ae ee

"7

ts tail

at space

" minine grace
The Book Writ Small,"

7s


Section C-1 Entertainment, Sept. 2, 1994

Spencer W. Hall, Washington Tribune,

Old Lunar Circus Produces Fun, Controversy
in Falls Church

Charles Musil is a long-time resident of Fairfax County,
Virginia. He remembers when Route 7 was farmland, and has
seen more than his share of change. Yet one thing remains the
same for the 76-year-old World War II vet — Anastagio's Olde
Time Lunar Carnival and Midnight Circus.

"Ithasn't changed a bit, not a bit," Mr. Musil said, watching
his granddaughter Jessica on the merry-go-round. "Why, I'd
swear some of the characters are the same." Similar reactions
have been voiced among the older residents who are attending
the traveling show set up near Bailey's Crossroads.

According to ringmaster Devyn Cavendish, the success of
the carnival is no secret. "We try to provide an atmosphere where
people's memories are cherished," he said, donning his red
tailcoatand top hat moments before introducing the main acts to
an overflowing crowd. "As far as traveling carnivals go, we're
a fairly conservative bunch," he added as an aide brushed his
coat in last-minute preparation.

Conservative may not be an entirely appropriate term for
the delights and displays of the Midnight Carnival. Posters and
acts advertising such shows as "Vesuvius the Amazing Human
Fire-Eater" harken back to the golden heyday of the circus in
the late 19th century. Acrobats, elephants, juggling clowns,
stilt-walkers and snake-charmers can be found within the
confines of the festive atmosphere which runs August 30
through Labor Day.

"They still have the oddities," Clara Bass, 79, told her friend
Doris Henderson. While the classic freak shows seem a thing of the
past, aproduct of a less sensitive age, crowds can still marvel at "The
Horned Man-God" and "The Human Canary" within the Olde Time
Lunar Carnival. The show is currently under the watchful eye of
various advocacy groups representing the disabled. "We're back to
the medieval ages," said Paul Retting, a little people spokesman.
Other organizations have joined in the chorus of criticism.

the remaining architectural structures of the Falls Church Cony Fairgrounds
- the-century circuses in American

represent, the popularity of turn-of-
"other, similar circuses also crisscros:
Harris Nickle Plate Circus and Anastagio's Olde n
This was not far from land owned by the Bailey family,
Crossing Leesburg Tumpike and Columbia Turnpi
The Midnight Circus made use of the Falls Churc! ,
police inspector, Sgt. Walter Kimm, was mauled before ali
Clara Kimm, was granted a large sum by the manageme!

beyond the stone wall (fig. 3), and the animals were kept in the fiel

to the railroad industry, began to decline when trucking...

— Falls Church County Fairgrounds, Falls Church Independent City, Virginia, 7.

life. Aside from The Ringling Brothers and Barnum
i them were W. W. Col :
nee feta ae Seat and Midnight Circus, the last known for its magic acts and sideshows,
oa which served as an animal training ground and winter quarters for various circuses.
ke, the Bailey property was used by many traveling shows.
h County Fairgrounds, gaining notoriety in
ve audience by a puma which escaped
nt in a gesture of condolence. The place w

Cavendish answered these statements with, "They are here
voluntarily. None of our employees are unhappy here. I share the
concern of these groups, and if they want statements to that
effect, we will be happy to provide them, or they are welcome to
come here to check out conditions for themselves." Hugh
Hollister, a representative for two advocacy groups, seemed
satisfied with Cavendish's claim after an inspection and half-
hour talk with the ringmaster. "They're happy here," Hollister
said. "We should stick to more important issues."

The Lunar Carnival and Midnight Circus has been in opera-
tion for over a hundred years, and is one of the few to have
survived the turn of the century. While it never reached the size of
Barnum & Bailey's, it has maintained a reputation for the quality
of its magic and animal acts, even among rival circus companies.
"They always had great acts," said retired stage magician Mat-
thew "Marko the Magnificent" Lipton, who worked the state fair
circuits in the Mid-Atlantic for thirty years, and was visiting
relatives in town. "Some said they were bad luck, though."

County authorities point to the 1974 deaths of Karl and Flora
Backbridge, both of whom suffered fatal heart attacks during an
illusion act, and the more recent death of an unknown circus hand
in 1979 as indications of past troubles. The circus hand was found
to have lied about his identity, and is believed to have died from
severe alcohol consumption, although there is some dispute.

"We've had outside investigators come in to make a report,"
Cavendish explained, apparently used to this line of questioning.
"According to them, the autopsy found alcohol and paint thinner in his
stomach. Since then, all new employees go through a psychological
exam as part of our hiring practice." Cavendish indicated that
necessity in the past had forced the circus to hire some people at short
notice for seasonal work. "But there's nothing like it," he added with
asly wink. "Who wouldn't bargain away their very soul fora day and
night at the Olde Time Lunar Carnival and Midnight Circus?"

are not as important as the cultural significance they
& Bailey Circus,

le' Circus (noted for its quality acts), Sells Floto Circus,

1905 when a retired Washington DC
from the Wild Cat Show. His widow,

here the tents were pitched was

id beyond. The economy of these nostalgic circuses, closely tied

CHAPTER ONE: THE HISTORY OF THE CIRCUS

3009823, National Register of Historic Places (excerpt from file).

25


To my colleague Dr. Sarpedon,

I have undertaken, at your request on
behalf of our order, the study of the
Infernal carnival which makes itself known
to the public under the guise of "Anastagio's
Olde Time Lunar Carnival and Midnight
Circus." The scraps I have gathered here
are dear bought. Suffice it to say, we are
not the only group hunting for these
records. My history is brief by necessity.
It is not complete, and much is educated
speculation.

I have been dogged by a strange crow for
three days. Evening approaches and I fear
the Man With No Name has assumed form and
waits for me here. Things of wax and clay
and swift decay....

History of the Carnival: As the
scraps above mention, it is far older than
we originally guessed. There have been
celebrations among humanity since the dawn
of our race; the written record came much
later.

The original Incarna, or spirit, of the
festivals which later degenerated into the
ghostly trap of souls it is today, was a
female spirit referred to by many names in
the Indo-European family of languages, but
is perhaps best known as Cara (related to
the Roman deity Carna, goddess of festi-
val). Cara was a spirit of masks and
exchange, and the idea of exchange was
always central to her rites. The country
folk sacrificed to her; in return her
priestesses cured infirmities and blessed
crops. The rites associated later with the
god of the dying and reborn vine, Dionysus,
began under her cultivation. Her symbol
was a holy tree, guarded by her male
followers, the White Priesthood. These
ancient rites fell under the attention of
one of the earliest vampires, some believe
a scion of legendary Caine. (Vampire lore
is contradictory and confusing on this
point; what follows is educated specula-
tion.)

Namrael the Enochite broke from the
undead city of her sires and joined herself
as a priestess to the rites of Cara.
Whether she did so believing that the
Cainites' preying upon early humanity
constituted a sin, or whether she desired
to found a new religion with herself as

* a Si 2 2 Ga MD A. Ge, AE Ga Gee, Gee Liem, GET. Gam Gar. GaN AR a.

—_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

ruler is impossible to say. She offered
charms and protection to the race of Adam
against her own kind and the other terrors
of the outer dark, the lycanthropes and
angry spirits.

The spirit of Cara called on Namrael to
sacrifice herself to the rites in exchange
for their continuance, perhaps with the
possibility that to refuse the exchange
would be a denigration of their value on
her part. So the vampire willingly bled to
death to feed the power of Cara, and upon
her blood the traveling rites flourished;
even then they traveled about the Near East
and Mediterranean world.

Lesser spirits joined themselves to
Cara's rites. The original purpose of the
voluntary exchange was forgotten when Rome
rose. The Dionysian reveries had by then
overrun the rites of Cara, becoming the
carnival, and the carnival took from
people unknowingly what it felt it was
owed. What did the spirits of carnival
take? Whatever the individual placed the
greatest value on. Beauty, power, wisdom,
religious insight: all could be taken from
a person in the form of exchange.

The demonic element of the carnival is
equally ancient, although I cannot with
any certainty date when it came about.
Apophis he was named by the early scribes,
a cthonic power who had associations with
the Egyptian god of the underworld.
Apophis represented the primal forces of
chaos who crushed the souls of the dead
into nothingness, a state greatly feared
by the dwellers of the Nile. When the
serpent-spirit fled the waste places,
hungering for worship, it bargained with
Cara to keep the rites continuing in return
for sacrifice. This seems to have been
struck early on. For years the power of
Cara kept the dark spirit in check, yet the
snake who eternally sheds its skin became
an apt metaphor for the rites which ever
changed location.

The original rulers of the rites (next
in line to the deities) were the White
Queen, the White Priest and the Lord of
Rains. All three were positions granted by
the three high priestesses of Cara.
Namrael replaced the Lord of Rains with the
Ruler of the Two Worlds (symbolically, the

> a> a. ma me wa ma ci i mi Sa aie aa See eae, Al Sad A
CHAPTER ONE: THE HISTORY OF THE CIRCUS 21

A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A

living and the dead). Even after her
sacrifice, a vampire has always been
chosen for this position.

The rites of Cara became the Lunar
Circus when Rome rose in the Mediterra-
nean world and then slowly fell to decay.
During the reign of Augustus, the holy
tree died. This stripped Cara of her
ancient power, and Apophis usurped the
rites to such an extent that the White
Priesthood became frightened. They sought
to counter the infernal influence with
the influence of the Wyrm, fighting fire
with fire. (I make mention of the term
Wyrm, a peculiar term borrowed from the
shapeshifters. We might as well say
entropic spirits.) The partisans of Cara
slipped from power, and the White Priest
was usurped in this time by the growing
power of the Ring Master, who saw to the
day-to-day operation of the circus.

After the fall of the Western Roman
Empire, the vampire member of the triad
was Theodoric the Goth. During the reign
of Charlemagne (AD 771-814), Astarte of
the sidhe joined her small changeling
troupe to the larger carnival and took the
place of White Queen. She is the oldest
of those who currently serve with the
carnival. With her addition, the entropic
spells surrounding the carnival were
raised, and doorways were opened which
had been closed before. The carnival
traveled about the lands of men and the
borders of imagination; accounts of the
haunted carnival crop up in the legends
of changelings and mages visiting far
realms. She took the symbol of the
crescent moon and made it hers. She is
named Autumn Queen and Queen of the
Carnival.

It was in the early Middle Ages when the
White Priesthood fell fully to the back-
ground. They attempted to explain holy
truths to the illiterate masses of Europe
through acts and plays, and they became
known as fools and clowns. Their leader
was always known as the King Fool,
originally a sacred title.

The greatest Ringmaster, Anastagio
the Nephandi, joined in the 15th century.
It was he who increased the entropy
spirits' stake in the carnival, and he
played the mediating balance of power

between the infernal and entropic influ-
ence, reveling in his task. Anastagio made
alliances with other infernal powers, and
it was under him that the decay became a
nightmare. Aligning with Astarte, he
defeated Mordblund, the vampire who had
replaced Theodoric. It is believed that
Mordblund had planned to wrest control of
the circus from his two rivals. Mordblund
was replaced by Calabris, and the alliance
of Anastagio, Astarte and Calabris con-
tinues to this day.

The modern circus was founded in 1768
by Philip Astley, an English trick and
bareback rider. The tent became popular in
the United States about 1825, and the
great European and American circuses used
the newly formed railroads to travel
about; the economic boom of the one
affected the other. Anastagio's traveling
fair soon became a traveling circus, with
horseback riders, animal acts and addi-
tional lures to captivate audiences. They
never reached the size of Barnum & Bailey
or Adam Forepaugh's circus, but they
established their reputation on the qual-
ity of their acts and side shows, as well
as their willingness to visit smaller
community locations, which the larger
circuses tended to avoid in their search
for capital. They had a reputation during
the last century of being a very mysteri-
ous, tightknit organization. Their
performers could not be lured away by
larger competitors. Anastagio's travel
arrangements were very secretive, and
they would appear in a town almost
unannounced, which only added to their
reputation.

The circus left human debris in its
wake, stripping entire areas of spiritual
and physical power; small towns and rural
areas were devastated. This was never
officially charged to the circus, al-
though some clergy decried their infernal
energies from the pulpit. While these
pamphlets have an antiquated, even humor-
ous charm in their usage of a past
century's idioms, they are amazingly
sophisticated in their understanding of
what the community was up against: an
infernal carnival which endangered the
spiritual and physical well-being of the
members of the community.

Vv VV Vv VO OW TV TV Vv OV Ty =v VY YY OY rv

A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A

What the internal power structure
currently is or future information on
these three is difficult to articulate.
Calabris is a master of dark mirrors and
illusion. Astarte has held the powers of
time and entropy from the carnival while
calling to her people in siren song. The
Ringmaster collects souls, feeding the
dark deities of the carnival with the
hapless spirits of innocents. As for the
rest of the carnival, it comprises cap-
tured spirits, chained souls and
unfortunates withering away into nothing-
ness under the heavy coils of the dark
forces. If any part of Cara's influence
remains, it is very little or tainted
beyond recognition.

Of some import—

Hexze the xepoxt ends. Our friend Professor Thomas
Jpon close

Brusai s found strangled at his desk.

x about

inspection, the authorities found traces of \

his neck and aims. I am passing this on to you, as he

intended. I am too old to pursue the matter. I

to sound callous, but why not give the information to
one of the other Traditions? The Order of Heimes and

Chozus might have vested interest in

stial

stopping this strange phenomenon. Thomas does seem to

know much about vampive love, a Study I pursued once

in my you until I nearly suffered a heart attack

in the London se encountex With a

ivom an

tive of the species. It

2x, and I am amazed

of the matter. My woxvk on tonal

tions continues with great success. But back to

poor Professor Brusaw — the Sons of Mther lost an
excellent Scientist. Sorry to impart this tragic news.
I look forwaxd to seeing you at ouxy annual meeting.

Yours in soxyrow,

Lore Riverthrush
P.Se —

vived.

this sur=

oda that

report
Thomas was working on
Per=

attack to

sement expexviments.

2d upon

latex. Entropy transference was his

hough I confess it is not my
It s a shame his research into

many troubling matters has ceased. as you were
i I hope to reaffirm that Thomas

explox vyhose pexsonal kindness

all of us who knew him.

tad

‘eS 4 oar

igre

S
i Zs)

2X ,

cA
(*)

STO
wr
Y

SHEN

Y

()

De ee ee ee ee ee ee eee en
Oz 2 ae ae ee a a a a a a



—A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A

CHAPTER TWO:
THE WHOLE SICK GREW

Power in the Midnight Circus is divided into five circles,
orranks. At the top of this is the Infernal Trinity, which rules
over the circus and deals with its powerful infernal and Wyrm
patrons. The circle of power refers to the person's relative
standing in the carnival's hierarchy, but not necessarily to
his powers as an individual.

FIFTH CIRCLE

The fifth circle consists of only the lowliest of circus
outcasts. Even most of the freaks look down on those of
this circle.

Divitat Basioy — Gurant (WereseaR)

Position: Animal performer, Koba's Progressive Clown Show
Breed: Ursine

Auspice:Full Moon

Physical: Strength 5 (8/10/9/7), Dexterity 4 (4/3/1/3),
Stamina 4 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/1/1/0), Appear-
ance 2 (0/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 5, Brawl 2, Empathy 2, Intimidation 4

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 3, Occult 3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Past Life 3

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Mindspeak, Mother's Touch,

Razor Claws, Spirit Speech; (2) Luna's Armor, Scent of

the Prey, True Fear

Rank: 2

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7

Rites: Rite of Rending the Gauntlet, Rite of the Pure Earth
Image: Dimitri is a large black bear. In human form, he

is a bearded giant of a man with a lost look in his eyes.
Roleplaying Notes: You have nearly forgotten any life

outside the circus. In dreams you vaguely recall the power

and freedom that was yours. Chained to the will of Koba,

yours is a half-conscious existence where sleep offers the only

release. You no longer think of escaping, and have almost

given in to the identity of a trained circus bear. A spark in you

remembers, however, and if it is ever properly fanned, the

flame of your rage would consume your tormentors.

TW VVvyvwvyveewvpypéséséWwW'iW'"YW'YYWwwWwestqwvyeséé'NWVYTvyvyvyvyvwvyw?yw?yéie'_'? YW

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A_A__A_A_A__A__

History: Living in the wide-open spaces of Siberia,
Dimitri watched humanity to learn their customs and lan-
guage. "Dimitri Babinov" was the name he gave his human
form, though he preferred to walk in his bear form. Most
people he encountered believed him to be a trapper. Cap-
tured during his slumber by Koba, Dimitri awoke to life in the
Midnight Circus. Coming under Koba's will and the dark
entropic pull of the place, the once-proud werebear became
sluggish and slow. Serving as his ultimate enforcer and
protector, Dimitri hates the man who enslaved him. It is not
too late to save Dimitri, but a major effort will be needed. If
he truly awakes, he will be a powerful ally, but he will need
many years to recover from the Barbs and Snares of the
Midnight Circus.

Note: General information on the Gurahl and other
non-Garou shapeshifters (such as the Corax and Bastet) can

be found in The Werewolf Players Guide.

Quote: (low growl)

Tus oF First
Position:Freak

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Unknown

Generation: 8th

Embrace: Early 1600s

Nature/Demeanor: Child/Child

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimi-
dation 5

Skills: Stealth 5

Knowledges: None

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 3, Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 2

Backgrounds: None
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 1, Courage 3
Willpower: 6
Humanity: 3
Merits/Flaws: Acute Senses/Monstrous, Prey Exclusion
(Children), Mild Phobia (Light)

Image: Tub of Flesh is a liquefied Nosferatu vampire.
Its body consists of ropy strands of moist, purple-black
meat. This writhing mass of flesh continuously bubbles
and oozes, occasionally taking near-human form before
falling into its usual protean mass. Dozens of blinking eyes
stare out from the roiling mass. Multiple fanged mouths
also gape from the morass, emitting plaintive wails or
ominous hissing.

Roleplaying Notes: Hatesssss zircuz, zey srow sings atss
yu. Stay hidenz in darks placessss. Mozt all you protectzez
childrlenz from ze bad onez. Zey scrreemz when zey seez you,

but you undrztanz, zey iz childerlenz juzt zezame.

VV eV FV oO ov =v ov SV TV eV OV HV SV CV ev Sv av eV
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

History: Born in a small Norwegian fishing village
during the 1600s, young Hans was an adventurous boy, often
exploring places forbidden by his parents. One evening he
became lost in a mist-shrouded fjord. At last taking shelter in
asmall cave, he did not realize that he had found shelter in
a mad Nosferatu's lair until it was too late.

Forced to wander, the newborn childe subsisted on the
blood of animals and avoided inhabited regions. It was then that
Sascha Vykos found him. Whether as an experiment or simply
for a mad whim, the Tzimisce warped the boy into his current
monstrous form and abandoned him. Wandering for many more
years, the unfortunate Nosferatu was eventually ensnared by the
carnival. Used asa watchdog, Tub of Flesh is reviled by even the
worst of the other circus freaks who subscribe to a strong
hierarchical system. A circus pariah, he is protected by their
general fear of him and by an edict from the Infernal Trinity.

Quote: kzsjdgfklajdfgihjkssssssss

Note: While usually seen as Cone of Flesh's pet, Tub of Flesh
still retains a modicum of free will and hates the carnival. Tub of
Flesh can be a remorseless killer, but will under no circumstances
attack another child. Besides his Disciplines, Tub of Flesh can
heal two Health Levels for every Blood Point spent. He is
essentially a liquid and can seep through almost any size of hole.

TAMIKA TANAKA

Position: Mime-Entertainer

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Albrecht Ausberg

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1926

Apparent Age: 19

Nature/Demeanor: Bon Vivant/Traditionalist
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Mental: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Social: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Dodge 4, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Etiquette 4, Music 3, Survival 5

Knowledges: Investigation 4, Linguistics 5, Medicine 3, Politics 2

SS

SSsss

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 3, Presence 3,
Thaumaturgy 3 (Lure of Flames 2, Movement of the Mind 3)
Backgrounds: Allies 2 (Baroque and Carmody), Resources 3, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 4

Willpower: 7
Humanity: |

Image: Tamika looks like a cross between a traditional
mime and a Japanese Noh player. Her straight black hair
pours down her back like water. Her face is almost never seen
out of make-up, a strangely elegant combination of clownish
mime and geisha. A long, loose kimono floats over her black
leotards. Her eyes sparkle disturbingly through her make-up.
The clowns and other minor circus denizens shudder at her
complete silence, calling "NightMime" and "Hellsister."

vvvvY =a
CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW 33

vy Vor -v

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__4_

Roleplaying Notes: You have such freedom! Every night
is magical, every night you want to play. It is a beautiful world,
this night theater. Your part in this strange play is an ancestral
spirit who feeds on the blood of the guilty. Looking at people,
you can tell who has shameful secrets. You have not spoken a
word in over 60 years, so well do you play this traditional part.
It is like when you saw snowfall as a child, and suddenly the
world was quiet and magical. Icicles hung from the temple and
the wind hissed over the white world. You see the people, they
laugh, you laugh quietly, then you find a sad person or a
beautiful child, or a man who resembles your beautiful father,
and you hunt him. You drink from them, that they may
remember never to forget the proper rites. Lately, you have
been sad. Your companion of many years, the white-masked
one the others called Angelo, was killed by a Garou. Now you
perform the bereaved widow. The Animal-spirit had to win,
and now you weep silent tears before the audience.
History: Born near Kyoto, Tamika was raised by country
relatives when her father found work in the United States. She
loved the country life of her grandparents, and was sad when
her father had enough money to send for her and her younger
brother. America was strange. They lived in San Francisco,
where her father ran a goods store that catered to the large
Asian community. Embraced when she was 19 by a Malkavian
actor, Albrecht Ausburg, she believed that an ancestor-spirit
had offered her a part in a strange night drama. Silently she
followed his instructions. Though much adored by the Torea-
dorcommunity, Tamikastill feltshy. When Angelo, a Toreador
mime, arrived with the Lunar Circus, she fell in love and
followed him to the big top. Initially at Calabris' direction, the
two formed a team that both entertained the night-goers and
terrified the other circus hands. Angelo was the only one who
could rein in Tamika. They made an odd couple, but an
excellent team and considered themselves man and
wife. From time to time they performed favors for
Calabris or Cavendish.
Angelo was slain by a Bone Gnawer Garou
when the circus recaptured the Horned Man. With
her last link to reality severed, Tamika became a wild
card. Viewing the world through the eyes of Noh
theater, Shintoism and her own imagination, she be-
came lost in an intricate fantasy life. The night has truly
become her stage.
Due to her familiarity with the circus people, she does
not usually attack them, looking on them with a stoic eye.
They, too, have their parts to perform in this strange play.
Tamika sleeps in a hiding place known only to her (beneath
the animal trailers). Baroque and Carmody seem to be the
only ones not bothered by her, and treat her kindly. Still, she
could turn against anyone if the play calls for it. She often
hunts in the towns the circus is visiting.
Agenda: It is the second act of the play. In the third act you
accuse the white lady and the dark man of killing your husband.
Quote: ...

vvvvovvivivvyvvyvvyvvypeystwvy+eséjie+'qg?=s#ioo+w°wéséeée+;e, WV WY YW
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

LA_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

A tall man with goatee and glasses, Tattoo Tim wears a NN
sleeveless T-shirt. His arms are decorated with tattoos of the [XC
Midnight Circus moon logo and a mermaid. Tattoo Tim lives in S
his trailer office, where he gives Bane-infected tattoos to an
unsuspecting public. He is a nervous chainsmoker and heavy
drinker. Empty bottles of cheap whiskey line the floor of his trailer.

Tartoo Tim \S \

Tim was a struggling art student drawing caricatures at
a major theme park when he went berserk. Working in the
sweltering July heat, he snapped and pushed a popular
costumed character-actor, Poacher Possum, into a water
tide. He joined the Midnight Circus soon after. Working so
closely with Bane materials has warped Tim into a mum-
bling, drinking wreck. When drunk he likes to slamedance
against the walls while mouthing old Sex Pistols lyrics.

Bunt Bitoc (Aximat Tater)

This overweight alcoholic is nearing the end of his rope.
After a salary dispute with Mr. Flint, one of the lions
mysteriously attacked him. Biloc's shirt hides the scars.
Biloc's brutality to the animals and Black Spiral Dancers has
earned him their undying hatred. A few times he has been so
drunk that Aubrey Dutetre has had to step in and perform the
show. Biloc's days are numbered, and the circus is actively
searching for a new animal trainer. It is only a matter of time
before an unfortunate accident with the wolves takes place.

THE FOURTH CIRCLE

These are the rank and file circus performers, concession
workers and roustabouts. They have little power, but form
the backbone of the circus. There are more in this circle than
in any other level.

Aubrey Durerre — Bastet (Werecat)

Position: Acrobat, part-time animal trainer

Tribe: Bagheera (Panther)

Physical: Strength 3 (4/6/5/4), Dexterity 5 (6/8/8/8), Stamina 3
(5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4)
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empathy 3,
Expression 3, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 4, Occult 2
Backgrounds: Allies 4 (Acrobatic partners and Belle
Starr), Den-Realm 1

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Catfeet, Razor Claws;
(2) Shriek, Touch the Mind; (3) Purr

Rank: 3

Rage 3, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5

Rites: Rite of Claiming, Talisman Dedication
Fetishes: None

iv VY VV Vv Vv Vvvwy¥y sv Vv vv vy yy sy
CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Image: Aubrey Dutetre is a young, dark-haired man of
average height with wiry muscles. In Crinos form, he is a
beautiful mix of man and panther with jet fur. Aubrey's
Feline form is a sinuous black panther projecting an aura of
hidden power.

Roleplaying Notes: Although somewhat aloof, you
are genuinely fond of your fellow acrobats. You have a
need to display your athletic talents as well as your intel-
ligence. Your interest in existentialist philosophy led you
to Camus, Sartre and Kierkegaard; you enjoy discussing
their ideas when someone lets you. You're genuinely fun
to be around once you open up. You know that the circus
contains horrific elements and is Wyrm-tainted; you just
don't have the energy to leave. You justify this through
existentialism ("Life is absurd"), and by reminding your-
self that you came here to spy on the place. Lately you've
befriended Belle Starr, and the two of you have quietly
discussed leaving. You are now shaking off your lethargy
and readying yourself to escape.

History: The son of an Indian woman and a French
diplomat, Aubrey was a cosmospolitan child, growing up
in New Delhi and then Paris. Relishing sports and acro-
batics, he spent his adolescence dreaming of entering the
Olympics as a gymnast. He also grew fond of philosophy.
Then the Change came, and his cousin Jarita guided him
in the ways of his birthright, explaining his Bastet and
Bagheera heritage.

When his parents were stationed in Ottawa, Aubrey
chose to go to the University of Montreal to perfect his
gymnastic skills. There he met Guy and Jean Raison, as
well as Collette Blanche. His friends signed up with the
Midnight Circus after seeing it near Trois-Rivieres. Aubrey
sensed something wrong with it and mentioned it to his
cousin. Jarita couldn't believe his luck — the Bagheera
had been seeking information on the strange circus for
years. Aubrey volunteered to infiltrate it for his tribe,
secretly fearing for his friends' safety. After he tracked the
circus to upstate New York, his friends recommended him,
and Aubrey joined as an acrobat.

Aubrey learned much about the carnival, including
that the preceding acrobatic troupe had died in a myste-
rious fire in their quarters. Still, he rationalized, and
unfortunately blinded himself to the true horror of the
situation until Belle Starr began talking to him. Aubrey
distrusts her, but knows that he must make strong allies to
survive. The two have discussed escape, but have not
formalized their plans.

Note: Aubrey hasaden in the Parc Du Mont Tremblant,
over 100 kilometers northeast of Montreal. He hasn't seen it
since he joined the circus.

Agenda: Escape the circus.

Quote: Yes, the circus has a dark effect. It is like the plight

in Camus' Stranger; you cannot honestly be remorseful.

Beuwe Stank

Position: Sharpshooter

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: John Wind-Walker

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1889

Apparent Age: 40

Nature/Demeanor: Cavalier/Pedagogue

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4 (Barroom), Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Fast-Draw 4, Firearms 5 (Trick Draw), Melee 3, Ride 4
(Trick Riding), Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: History 2, Law 1, Linguistics 2 (Spanish, Chero-
kee)

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Fortitude 3,
Obfuscate 1, Potence 1, Protean 4

Backgrounds: Allies 1 (Aubrey Dutetre), Contacts 4, Fame 2,
Resources 1, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Willpower: 7

Humanity: 7

Merits/Flaws: Code of Honor, Higher Purpose (Escape Cir-
cus)/Dark Secret (Escape Circus)

Image: A stocky woman in her early 40s, Belle Starr
wears chaps, a rawhide coat and a cowboy hat. She is more
striking than beautiful; she shuns makeup and seems awk-
ward if she has to dress up for anything. She always carries at
least three guns.

Roleplaying Notes: You were laying there, dying in a
pool of your own blood. Your life was flashing before your
eyes, and you didn't like what you saw. Suddenly Wind-
Walker appeared. He told you that there was something
worth saving in you and that you wouldn't die. True to his
word, he saved you as a vampire and saw you through your
early years as a Gangrel.

You tried to put your desperado years behind you,
making up for the harm you'd done while living. Then one
night, you crossed paths with the circus. You resisted the call
at first, but the carnival has a way of confusing things. You've
been with the circus for over 60 years now and never quit
trying to escape. You've managed to get really away several
times, but the circus always just reeled you back in like a fish
ona hook. Recently you made the acquaintance of Aubrey
Dutetre, the trapeze artist. He feels the same way you do, and
the two of you are making some plans.

History: Originally Myra Belle Shirley, Belle Starr was
born in Carthage, MO, in 1848. She was an outlaw, working
for first the Confederacy during the Civil War and later as a

Bie Me A a a oe a a a a oe A Se ee Me Me Mak

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

member of various gangs. An unknown assailant shot Belle
Starr in 1889, but she came out of the ordeal as a vampire.
She attempted to make restitution for her past misdeeds
through good works. By becoming a protector of the inno-
cent, she also became an easy target for recruitment by the
carnival. The circus sent one of its child actors to plead with
her for aid. Belle Starr plunged headlong into the carnival on
her rescue mission, never suspecting duplicity. Since that
time she has attempted escape on numerous occasions,
always returning as her willpower dwindled away.

Equipment: Remington M-700, two .45 Revolvers,
9mm Uzi, silver bullets, dagger, lasso, ghouled horse

Agenda: Escape the circus, and destroy it in the process
if at all possible.

Quote: If you want I can show you a few tricks with your
gun. Come back later and we'll talk.

Lee Carmopr

Position: Tunnel of Love Operator, Carnival Barker
Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/Loner

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Cult of Ecstasy barabbi

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Awareness 2, Intuition 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Firearms 3, Research 2, Survival 4
Knowledges: Cosmology 4, Culture 3, Linguistics 3, Occult 5,
Science 3
Spheres: Entropy 2, Life 3, Mind 3, Prime 2, Spirit 2
Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Dream 3, Influence 2
Willpower: 5
Arete: 6
Quintessence: 2
Paradox: 5
Image: Lee Carmody is a thin man, almost spectral in appear-
ance. He wearsa Stetson hat, a white suit witha bolo tieand a bored
expression, and is almost never seen without his lemur riding on his
shoulder. Little, if anything, ever seems to surprise him.
Roleplaying Notes: Boy, youchose the right place to feed your
disgust with humanity. After a long life of exploring the unex-
plained, you seemed to find a home with this demonic circus. Sure,
it's corrupt, but so what? It's no worse than those hypocritical
Sunday-suited old ladies in the Nebraska town of your youth, and
frankly, the circus is more honest. It makes no bones about
devouring souls. There's a sublime beauty to it, the kind you tried
to find in your experimental photo-montage poetry. Now you find
yourself more sympathetic to animals. If a man's beaten by Koba's
clowns, no big thing, but if one of the sickos here tortures a harmless
animal, you make sure they pay. At times you daydream about a
strange plague that will wipe out humanity, leaving the earth to the
innocent beasts. Your best friend is your trained lemur, Cezanne.

vvevevevvrvrevrevrevrievv wv
CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW 37


= A_A _A _A _4 A A_A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_
|

History: The son of a wealthy Nebraska family, Lee
\ Carmody was always an outcast. From a young age he
explored the unnatural, which gave him an odd reputa-
tion at various private schools and later Yale. He had
already Awakened when he met the Cult of Ecstasy.
Carmody joined their Tradition, finally gaining a sense of
belonging. Exploring for rare Native American hallucino-
gens and the Soma mentioned in old Middle Eastern
N\ sources, Lee finally came to the conclusion that external
stimulation was a dead end.

Carmody became a counterculture figure to the beat-
niks and hippies with his poetic work, "Jamshyd's Dream."
But fame brought him little joy, and he became bitter and
cynical as he watched the rise of Orwellian capitalism, the
stupidity of the masses, and the early deaths of many
friends. Then a colleague asked him to help explore a
strange carnival that had recently arrived in town. Carmody
had heard rumors of the Midnight Circus and asked the
management if he could run the Tunnel of Love. They
agreed, and Carmody has been with them since. He still
occasionally has a problem when Cone of Flesh gets inside
the ride.

Agenda: Lure people in the Tunnel of Love to con-
front themselves. Scrape Cone of Flesh off the exhibit and
the patrons. Occasionally give advice, but nothing more.
Buy chemicals and other materials to construct your
dangerous dream: a virus which will kill only smug, stupid
and power-hungry people. Granted, that's most of the
population of the planet, but...

Quote: Hey, kid, come back to the ride tonight when the
real action begins, and tell ‘im Uncle Lee sent you. What?
Monsters and demons in the circus? Sure, but what're you
going to do? I'm only the clerk at the front door. Just be worried
about that Cone of Flesh, ‘case he gets loose, schlup, schlup,
schlup, looking for young morsels like you.

THE FOUR HORSEMEN OF THE
APOCALYPSE

The DeEquesto family is of ancient Florentine lin-
eage, and has been in the service of the Wyrm for centuries.

Originally mercenaries, by the early 19th century they
were animal trainers for the royal house of Sardinia. In
1854 Galtero DeEquesto started the Circo Royal, which
featured his family in daring horse acts. Their perfor-
mances gained fame across Europe. It was not long before
Anastagio's circus and theirs met. Sharing similar phi-
losophies, the DeEquestos merged their smaller circus
with Anastagio's greater one. Today the DeEquestos are
represented by three brothers and one sister. In addition
to their horse act, they are the messengers and hunters for
the Infernal Trinity. They are called upon to hunt escap-
ees and rid the grounds of interlopers.

ad 2 Sa i" a) sr a a i co a a aa a a ma i a a sae dale
36 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Messona DeEouesto (Dearu)

Dressed in black, with a captivating white face and long
dark hair, Messora dedicated her studies to the forces of
entropy. She is serious and quiet, but with a touch of her
scythe, she can make someone feel her wrath. She is the most
studious and proud of her family traditions.

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Performance 5 (trick riding), Survival 3
Knowledges: Investigation 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 4
Numina: Animal Psi. This grants her telepathy with animals
(Perception + Animal Ken, difficulty 8).

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (Infernal Trinity and siblings)
Weapons: Scythe (Difficulty 4, Damage: Strength + 3 —a
gift from the Ringmaster).

Benuicus DeEquesto (Wand

Tall, broad-shouldered and strong, Bellicus is a loud
braggart. He is brash and easily picks quarrels, fancying
himself a ladies' man. When performing the tasks of the
Infernal Trinity, he wears a medieval helmet with the visor
closed and chain mail (Armor Rating 6, Penalty 2). He
carries a broadsword that does aggravated damage, and goes
into frenzy in battle. His horse is also armored.

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Melee 3, Performance 5 (Trick Riding),
Security 2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 2
Numina: Animal Psi (see Messora)

Weapons: Broadsword

Fiuiro DeEquesto (Famine)

Of the brothers, the tall, gaunt Fillipo most resembles
Messora. A creature of music and poetry, he is known as a bit
of an intellectual among the circus denizens. Fillipo is studi-
ous, but vain. He believes his family, being of ancient roots,
are the natural elite among the circus performers. Fillipo is
generous, if aloof, to his coworkers, believing he has a
responsibility to the less fortunate beings around him. He
wears black when on missions from the Infernal Trinity. He
is "close" to his sister, a relationship that brings a few leers
from the cruder circus hands.

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Dodge 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Melee 2, Performance 4 (Trick
Riding), Stealth 4, Survival 1

Knowledges: Linguistics 4, Culture 3, Occult 3, Politics 2,
Science 2

Numina: Animal Psi

Weapons: Spear of Famine. Those struck with the spear are
crippled with painfully intense hunger, and must make a Stamina
roll (difficulty 7) to take any action. If this roll fails, the victim
is treated as Crippled (-5 to Dice Pools) for two rounds. The
spear is difficulty 6 to hit, and causes Str + 3 damage. Like
Messora's scythe, it was created by Cavendish.

Monnet DeEquesto (Sickness)

Shorter than his siblings, Morrell is withdrawn, prefer-
ring the company of his own family. Like Fillipo, he is an
elitist, but Morrell holds that the DeEquestos should re-
ceive more recognition. The other performers should work
for less, so that the riches fall to the deserving. He views the
acrobats as upstarts, "half-French pretenders." To his secret
shame, he has a clubfoot which he has overcome by sheer
talent. Morrell wears a red and black Renaissance costume.
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Subterfuge 2, Intimidation 4
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Performance 3 (Trick Riding), Sur-
vival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 3, Medi-
cine 4, Occult 2
Weapons: Morrell uses Wyrm Arrows shot from a hunting
bow of primitive design. The bow has a 60-pound pull,
requiring a Strength of 3 to draw. It can shoot 90 yards and
does three dice of aggravated damage. Any area struck swiftly
becomes a festering wound. The victim must be magically
healed (such as Garou Gift: Mother's Touch, the Discipline
Obeah, Life magicks), or pestilence will spread throughout
his body. The arrowheads are similar to the Wyrm Fang
Daggers possessed by the Black Spiral Dancers, and said to be
made from the teeth of the Wyrm.

Horses

The DeEquestos' horses are possessed by Banes sent by
the Duke of Hate, Lord Steel. These steeds can see in the
dark. When the hunt is on, they can run tirelessly for two
hours. They make a horrible whining noise akin to the Power
Roar of the Wyrm. The steeds are black, but not the broad-
backed horses generally perferred by bareback riders.
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Perception 3
Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2

The way you walk is thorny through no fault of your own.
But as the rain enters the soil, the river enters the sea, so tears run
to a predestined end.

— Mileva the Gypsy Woman, The Wolf Man

vvvovovovovvvvrevievrevrevrievvvwvr wvwyieyv

_

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Tue Sentbunpa Sisters (Avro, Meripia, Para)
Position: Fortune Tellers
Nature/Demeanor: Caregiver/Survivor
Physical: Strength 3 (Fata 2), Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance varies
(Aurora 5, Meridia 4, Fata 3)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Empathy 5, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2,

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Performance 4, Survival 5
Knowledges: Linguistics 4, Medicine 4, Occult 5, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3 (Gumilyov, Klaus Rahn and some-
times Calabris)

Numina: Hedge Magic Divination: The Sisters Scribunda
can receive glimpses of the future by spending a Will-
power point and rolling Perception + Occult, difficulty
of the power's level + 4. In ascending level of power,
their capabilities are Fortune Telling (very basic), Dows-
ing (locating a lost object or person), Augury
(determining the outcome of a future event using ritu-
als), Premonitions (revealing flashes of insight about a
possible future event), and Vision Quest (receiving a
vision of future events). For more information on this
Numina, see Project: Twilight.)

Willpower: 7

Image: The three sisters are seldom seen together.
Aurora, the youngest, is the archetype of the beautiful
Gypsy daughter. She is slender with long jet-black hair
that curls slightly and dresses in traditional Romany
clothing. Aurora's appeal lies in her shy demeanor. She
works the fortune-telling booth in the day, specializing
in Tarot readings and palmistry.

Meridia is a mature Gypsy woman with striking
looks. Brisk and business-minded, she calls out into the
crowd, searching for potential customers. Meridia also
dresses in traditional Gypsy clothes, and works late
afternoons and evenings.

Fata is an old Gypsy woman with white hair, who
takes over the booth at night. She wraps herself in a
shawl and patiently waits for customers. Her readings are
the longest and most insightful.

Roleplaying Notes: Aurora: You like to tell the
future. People come to you with their problems, and you
take your time trying to help. Their hidden secrets
captivate your imagination, and questions of romance
and quests particularly fascinate you.

Meridia: You look deeply to answer people's ques-
tions, and do not take the ancient art of divination
lightly. You know of Cara's path, and tell those whom
the carnival has harmed to come back at night.

Fata: Other members of the circus are nervous around
you and tend to leave you alone. You read deep into the
future, giving warnings and advice. You also heal those
injured by the circus, for your tent is one of Cara's
healing sanctuaries.

History: For centuries the worship of Cara as patron
deity of the carnival remained strong. Yet with the
interval of ages, Cara's vision became secondary to the
hunger of Apophis, and was finally lost altogether. Now
only a few remember her at all.

The Scribunda sisters are among those who hold to
the path of Cara. Their loyalty has endured in secret, and
they have aided people for years. The sisters are looked
now upon as a quaint side show. Fata, the oldest sister,
believes that one day Cara will return and cleanse the
place; she claims Cara is already on her way. Meridia and
Aurora also believe this, but are not as vocal about it.
The three sisters are of Gypsy stock, and were raised in
the Midnight Circus. They sometimes sew clothes while
waiting for customers. All three sisters usually charge
money, but will barter for an item they like if the mood
takes them.

Items: The Sisters have a peculiar Tarot deck, de-
picting personnel from the Midnight Circus. For example,
Bishop is the Fool, Calabris is the Magician, Astarte the
High Priestess and Cavendish the Emperor. The Tower
depicts the Big Top being struck by lightning with
Cavendish and Calabris falling. The World card depicts
a resurrected goddess, Cara triumphant. Players may see
depictions representing themselves in various cards, es-
pecially those denoting outcomes of various inquiries.
The sisters also possess a small mirror for divination
purposes. From medicine bottles and herbs they can
create a potion called "Durga's Cure." Once swallowed,
this removes up to two Barbs. They can only do this once
per supplicant.

Quote (Fata): The way is long and dangerous. You
must learn to become your own light when all about you is
darkness.

Onenoa Foan-Sincer (Ganou)

Position: Storyteller

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Wendigo

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5), Stamina
4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appearance
3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvvvvvvyvvyvvypeéqwywes+wqwy?éséseéeéef,wesi+'Wvy?®éi'G'?,T vy WwW WY WY sY


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_—A_—_A—A__A_A_A

Talents: Athletics 4, Empathy 3, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Leadership 4, Performance 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Occult 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Fetish 2, Kinfolk 1

Gifts: (1) Aura of Confidence, Camouflage, Call the
Breeze, Resist Pain, Truth of Gaia; (2) Cutting Wind,
King of the Beasts; (3) Sky Running, Wisdom of the
Ancient Ways

Rank: 3

Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 4

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Summoning

Fetishes: Harmony Flute, Phoebe's Veil

Image: Orenda dresses in somewhat old-fashioned
clothes. She has black hair, deep brown eyes, and appears
to be about 30. Orenda sits under a common tent, where
she tells Native American legends three times a day,
mostly tales of the Eastern and Northeastern tribes. She
has made elaborate costumes to go along with these tales.
These shows have become quite popular.

Roleplaying Notes: You are the last Croatan. You
were left behind to guard a sacred caern when your
people sacrificed themselves to the Wyrm to save the
Pure Lands. You tell others not to worry, that you will
find a way to bring your people back. It is a delicate
matter, but there are strange things in the circus, old
powers who manipulate time. Once you learn to manipu-
late them, you will return your vanished people to the
living world. Although the place seems dark to many of
your Garou kin, there is a kind of balance between the
Weaver, Wyld and Wyrm here not found elsewhere.

History: Orenda grew up on the Five Nations reser-
vation in Ontario. Showing signs of her Garou nature in
adolescence, she was helped by Wendigo elders into the
Rite of Passage. Orenda was always deeply moved by the
tale of the Croatan, the tribe who sacrificed themselves
to the Eater-of-Souls Wyrm to free the Pure Lands.
Orenda vowed to go on a quest and find any remnant of
the Croatan she could. Going to New Mexico, she heard
legends of Old Red Eagle, a Uktena who witnessed the
death of the Croatan. The clues led her to the Carolina-
Virginia coasts.

On her way, she entered the Midnight Circus to
investigate its Wyrm-taint. She met Cavendish and
Astarte, who said they understood her quest and put her
at ease. Hypnotizing her, Cavendish suggested that she
was the reincarnation of a Croatan wise woman. Gradu-
ally she was led to believe that she was the last of the
Croatan. After much subtle hypnosis and suggestion, she
reworked her life story. Now she fully believes that she is
Croatan, and was left to guard a sacred caern when the
tribe sacrificed themselves. The caern later fell to the
Get of Fenris and the circus saved her. Or so she says.

Cavendish altered Orenda's beliefs because the Garou
have always been the deadliest foes of the Midnight
Circus. Cavendish and Astarte gambled that having one
in the circus might deter the werewolf attacks. So far,
their gamble has paid off. Garou still attack the circus, but
many leave upon hearing Orenda's tale. It would take a
master hypnotist to awaken her to her former identity.

Orenda is aware of the dark presence within the
circus, but justifies it by claiming that the circus is a
mirror of the world. Given time, she will explain that
the forces of the Wyrm, Wyld and Weaver are perfectly
balanced in the circus. She is aided by a young Hopi
man, Qaletapa Rainbow, who is Uktena Kinfolk and
believes her. Orenda gets along well with the other
employees.

Agenda: Orenda wants to tell other Garou that she
is the last of the Croatan, and that she will find a way to
bring her people back. Her plans always seem vague —
apparently she will use certain properties of the circus to
this end.

Quote: Yes, I know it is funny. But here I am, the last
Croatan daughter.

THE HETAERAE

The Hetaerae are courtesans who lure new converts to
the circus through sexual attraction. As a group, the He-
taerae are the most cohesive force in the circus. While few of
them hold much power as individuals, as a group they wield
considerable influence through seduction and skillful politi-
cal manipulation. In deference to the carnival's infernal
"shareholders," the Hetaerae are further classified as incubi
and succubi. (For a fuller description of the Hetaerae's
activities, see Semiramis' Loft in Chapter Three.)

ToLANTHE

Position: Succubus

Court: Unseelie (formerly)

Legacies: Pishogue/Orchid

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

House: None (formerly Scathach)

Romantic Legacies: Gamester/Romantic

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 4, Kenning 3, Seduction 5, Sex 5, Style 4
Skills: Etiquette 4, Performance 3, Stealth 4, Temporal
Sense |

Knowledges: Linguistics 2 (French, Irish), Mythlore 2, Occult 2

vvvvevvvrevievrevrevrevvev~ev~ vv wy vy WY

4

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


A_A_A_A_A _A~A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_

Arts: Chronos 1, Dream-Craft 1, Legerdemain 5, Primal 2,
Sovereign 2

Realms: Actor 5, Fae 4, Scene 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 2 (Cat), Contacts 4, Dreamers 2,
Gremayre 1, Resources 3, Treasures 1

Glamour: 7

Banality: 1

Willpower: 5

Merits/Flaws: Self-Confident/Amnesia

Image: Iolanthe is hauntingly beautiful. She is very fae
in appearance with tapered ears and slightly upturned eyes.
Her hair is white with a touch of gold and her eyes are
stormcloud gray. She is otherworldly, almost ethereal in
appearance, and yet there is something of the huntress in her,
much in the way of the goddess Diana. In her fae seeming she
wears sidhe court finery.

Roleplaying Notes: You do not remember who you were,
but you know who youare. Youarea bringer of joy and light. The
universe isan endlessly benign place if one's eyes are open to see.
You see the carnival as a truly benign instrument and don't
understand those who think otherwise. A fragile hothouse
flower, you avoid unpleasant situations at all costs.

History: Iolanthe was one of the few Unseelie knights in
House Scathach, and was soon ejected for her Unseelie
excesses. Joining the commoner Shadow Court, she became
a mercenary, hunting down the few sidhe nobles who re-
mained on earth after the Shattering (see Changeling: The
Dreaming). She recognized Astarte as a sidhe noble from
House Fiona—a great prize during the Interregnum. Astarte
drew the young knight farther and farther into the circus,
eventually enslaving her to its will. Transforming Iolanthe's
personality into its mirror opposite, Astarte installed her
among the Hetaerae.

Equipment: Stylish clothing, chimeric knife

Note: Like all changelings in the circus, Iolanthe is also a
member of Astarte's court. If she somehow regains her memory,
she will recover the Abilities of Brawl 4 and Melee 4. She will
revert to Unseelie, and be unhappy with the carnival (and
dislike most other people as well).

Quote: You look as if you have the weight of the world on
your shoulders. Come in, and I will help you forget.

Rant

Position: Succubus

Clan: Toreador

Sire: Calabris

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1725

Apparent Age: 18

Nature/Demeanor: Judge/Gallant

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 4, Intimidation 3, Sex (Tantra) 5, Style 4, Sub-
terfuge 5 (Seduction)

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 4, Music 5, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 1
(English), Occult 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 1, Chimerstry 5, Fortitude 1,
Obfuscate 3, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Herd 3, Resources 4,
Retainers 2, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Willpower: 8

Humanity: 3

Merits: Iron Will, Luck

Image: Rati is a slender, young Indian woman. Her
night-black hair falls to her hips, and her black eyes shine
like dark pools. Her sensuous movements are hypnotic
and somewhat serpentine in nature. She wears brightly
colored Indian clothing, especially in red and gold, and all
manner of gold jewelry.

Roleplaying Notes: The role of the Hetaerae is a
holy one, for you are a high priestess of the fundamental
force of life. You are a master of sexuality in all its forms,
but you also cultivate the intellectual and spiritual side
of your being. All things are as one, and you strive to
unify the cosmic principles of Shiva and Shakti within
yourself. You look upon Calabris as both a lover and a
father figure. You protect his better interests, especially
from fiends like Baroque.

History: A member of the Brahman caste, Rati
never wanted for any luxury and came to expect it as her
due. When the carnival came to Bombay, its many
delights intoxicated her. She was especially attracted to
the tall, turbaned magician who so astounded the crowds.
A whirlwind romance ensued, after which Calabris Em-
braced her. While their romantic inclinations toward
each other have faded somewhat over the centuries, they
remain close allies.

Equipment: Richly illustrated copies of the Kama Sutra,
exotic clothing, poison dagger

Note: Besides her own mastery of Chimerstry, Rati knows
how to activate most of the "sleeper spells" left by Calabris.

Quote: Walk the path of Tantra, that you may know true
ecstasy.

ALEXANDER

Position: Incubus

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Ronin (previously Silver Fangs)
Nature/Demeanor: Conniver/Reveler

_w VY VY VY WY VY VY OY
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvovovVvVVvVVYVvY VY WY WY VW

A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A_A_A_A_A_A

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7), Stamina
5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 4 (Animal Magnetism), Manipulation 3
(2/0/0/0), Appearance 5 (4/0/5/5)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 4, Kenning 3, Leadership 4, Seduction 5, Sex 4,
Style 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 2,
Melee 4, Performance 3 (Sing), Stealth 2, Survival 4
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 1, Linguistics |
(English), Occult 3, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Pure Breed 4

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Lambent Flame, Persuasion, Sense
Wyrm; (2) Awe, Dreamspeak; (3) Eye of the Cobra, Wrath
of Gaia; (4) Shadows by the Fire Light
Rank: 4
Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7
Rites: (Mystic) Rite of Talisman Dedication
Fetishes: Klaive

Image: Alexander is a tall, handsome Russian man in
his late 20s. He has angular features, softened only slightly
by his long blond hair. His eyes are icy blue. He only wears

the most expensive, custom-tailored clothing, and looks
as if he has just stepped from the pages of a fashion
magazine.

Roleplaying Notes: "If this is what serving the Wyrm is all
about, sign me up!" Sure, you feel a little guilty about abandon-
ing your pack, but Russia is a nightmare right now. The circus
is, for some reason the only thing you've seen that can
penetrate Baba Yaga's Shadow Curtain. You saw your chance
and you took it. It's not like you joined the Black Spirals.

History: Born to Russian Silver Fangs, Alexander's

fame as a warrior against the Wyrm was already renowned.

Some even whispered that he was destined for greatness.
Unfortunately, most of this fame resulted from his tireless
PR efforts on his own behalf. Shortly after Baba Yaga's
awakening, a seemingly endless horde of Wyrm monstrosi-
ties infested the Russian Umbra. A great magical curtain
surrounded R and no supernatural creature could

leave. The battl

gainst the Wyrm was no longer a game.

Alexander lost his nerve during a battle. Fleeing through
the Penumbra, he ran into the carnival which was passing
through the region. Seeing the Wyrm caravan's Umbral
reflection, trailed by a thousand Banes, shocked him almost
out of his senses. He fainted, but when he awoke, he was
among some of the most beautiful people he had ever seen....

vvvvvrvvriovrivrivrevrivreqyrvovyvyv vv ivy iW WY WW

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


Note: Alexander is the newest of the Hetaerae, and the
others don't completely trust him. They have planted a
dormant Bane in him that will make him insanely brave at
just a word from any of them.

Quote: You don't know how lucky you are to be with me.

Furxipie Henéa

The posters advertise, "Amazing Helga! Her desires know
no bounds! Watch as the wanton lady of carnal cruelty seeks
to fulfill her amorous appetites! Thrill to the woman who kept
your grandfathers' hearts afire in World War I! Gasp at
Vienna's vivacious Venus! It is said that the last Hapsburg
Emperor died in her arms! Kafka's inspiration for the Meta-

morphosis began one night in Prague after seeing her show!"

Helga is a large, older woman who does an interpretive
veil dance and other acts to the tune of an old organ. Her green
eyes still sparkle with the memories of Paris while she performs
her Josephine Baker impression. Not quite a full Heterae, this
aging temptress is rumored to be Mr. Smiley's lover. Her acts
run through the night and fall between the other dance
routines. She is not completely spent, though; her red hair is
still vivid, and her sly wink manages to make some blush. Mr.
Smiley reserves her for those with "special tastes."

/ Fe
2 =
he
= x ; ri \ = a
cane ¥
0 ee .
V. che
mS \\ RK " 3
oe ie K
= linia RA
" NG MI
ps = \ll
4 ig SS rr
\

FREAKS

One of us! One of us!

Gooble-Gabble, one of us!

— Tod Browning's Freaks

Besides the characters listed below, the circus has the
usual collection of midgets, pinheads, geeks, freaks and even
several fomori. Most of the freaks live in a huge pressboard
maze named "Freak City."

Mr. Biue

Position: Geek

Breed: Freakfeet

Nature/Demeanor: Show-Off/Show-Off

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Dodge 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Firearms 1, Melee 3 (club), Performance 2, Stealth 5,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Occult 1, Pentex Lore 2

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvovivivivevvvyvrvyvwye wVvywyyVyt'vyiwywVvy Ww WwW YW


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Backgrounds: Resources |

Powers: Fangs, Foot Pads, Malleate, Mouth of the Wyrm,
Rat Head, Slobber Snot, Stomach Pumper, Second Head
Taints: Breed Prejudice, The Crusties, Derangement
(agoraphobia), Infections, Second Head, Worms
Willpower: 7

Equipment: Plastic tube, Putty Buddy, blender, motorized
compressor, food and beer

Image: No Hollywood special-effects wizard could cre-
ate acreature more bizarre and sadly whimsical than Mr. Bile.
Looking more than anything like a demented, booze-sodden
Muppet, Mr. Bile is in many ways a typical Freakfoot. His
upper body is normally proportioned except for his long,
apelike arms. He propels himself forward on his knuckles
because his diminutive legs aren't up to the task. His most
startling attribute, however, is a second head. His second
head (named "Little Ralph") sits slightly off-center on his
shoulders. It is a slightly smaller, but otherwise exact, dupli-
cate of the first. Both heads are intelligent and seem to get
along. Mr. Bile usually wears either a ratty green plaid jacket
complete with squirting flower or a leather S&M outfit,
depending on the sort of crowd he is entertaining.

Roleplaying Notes: Do you know what it's like to wake
up and realize that you are too much of a freak for even the
Freakfeet to handle? You still remember their cruel and oh-
so-clever taunts: "Two heads! Two heads! You and you have
two heads!" Here in the circus, everything is different,
though. Here you're a star! "Mr. Bile" they call you. Bored
Gen-Xers come from everywhere to see Freak City, and
you're top of the bill. The kids think you're cool. You've even
gotten laid! The only drawback is working for that Cone of
Flesh guy. Brrrr — now he's a freak!

History: Freakfoot #149-] was created by Pentex in the
early '90s. Part of a failed experiment, he was born with two
heads. They were going to grind him down and recycle him
as fomorach when a band of Garou raided the plant. Escaping
in the confusion, #149-J sought out other escapee Freakfeet,
but they rejected him as well. Depressed and alone, he was
overjoyed at the acceptance he found in the circus. Chang-
ing his name to Mr. Bile, he now performs feats of gastronomic
skill undreamed of by the sane.

Mr. Bile now snakes a pair of plastic hoses through his
nostrils on both heads. He forces a nauseating mixture of
food and beer down the tubes and into his stomach. He then
uses his stomach pumper power to projectile vomit all over
the delighted crowd. He is not allowed to perform this feat
everywhere, only in places where the people are jaded enough
to accept such an act.

Note: Like all Freakfeet, Mr. Bile is a more adept sewer
dweller than most Nosferatu or Bone Gnawers. He can
escape down a toilet! (For more on Freakfeet, see Freak
Legion.)

Quote: What do you mean this circus is evil? It's the only
place in my life where I've been treated with human dignity!

Muvetia (Tie Mute Giri)

A recent addition to the carnival, Mulella has "ac-
cepted" her physical appearance, or so she claims. Mulella's
face does not look exactly like a mule's, in that it is hairless
and white. Starved for any kind of attention, she is a some-
times easy target for those who would abuse her. She may also
share some of her impressions of the circus with anyone who
treats her with compassion. She is increasingly erratic and
prone to sudden fits of violence against those she thinks are
making fun of her.

Burar Bor

Noone is quite sure what to make of this silent scarecrow
that only appears at night. He never speaks, but amazes the
crowds by dancing in mid-air and performing amazing feats
of contortion. Most compelling is his haunting, wordless
singing which seems to come from deep within his burlap
chest. Burlap Boy appears to be made out of animated cloth
— in fact, he is. He is really an Atrocity Realm Bane who
follows the carnival for unknown reasons. Some believe that
he is a spy for the carnival's patrons. He also whispers from
the Penumbra into the ears of circusgoers, urging normal
people into the most heinous of acts. Burlap Boy is a mali-
cious, remorseless killer, attacking his enemies with a long,
cruel sickle. He likes to surprise his victims by silently
hovering over them before slitting their throats. He is an
active and very persistent adversary against any who attack
the carnival. No matter how much damage he takes, he
always reappears eventually.

Rage 10, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Power 55
Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Corruption, Material-
ize, Reform, Tracking

Herw-Aruxopite (Beanpep Lapr)

The innocent Herm-Aphrodite is with the carnival
only because Cavendish decided "every circus needs a bearded
lady." She was born to an aristocratic German family, but her
parents were horrified by her hairy appearance. Shunted
from one orphanage to another, she narrowly escaped exter-
mination in Hitler's death camps. Despite her hirsuite
appearance, she is an otherwise pretty girl, though a trifle
slow. More of a victim than anything else, Herm-Aphrodite
is paraded around on an ostrich during the freak show and
then forced to undergo the humiliations of Dr. Owl's lecture
series on human oddities. Tormented by most of the other
freaks, she has been befriended by Mr. Bile. She may be
helpful to those who treat her kindly, but in more subtle
ways. She does not want to risk the "attention" of Dr. Owl or
jeopardize Mr. Bile.

iV oV VY VO Voy

, > A SP ae a Ma i Me Me a, Me eee

SET
CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW 45

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Te Bartows

The Barlows are a family of midgets who serve as Cone
of Flesh's secret police. Ruthless in the extreme, many
underestimate them because of their size. Canny and well-
organized, they are an effective team, even against a band of
supernatural creatures. All of them carry silver daggers and
guns with silver bullets. Furthermore, they possess Bane
fetishes that allow them to disguise themselves as children.

McTanaant, THe Dod-Facep Detective

McTargart knew that his physical appearance would not
let him achieve in the outside world, so he took work in the
Midnight Circus. The bloodhound-faced man is the in-
house detective, manning the information booth at the
carnival grounds. Genuinely nice, McTargart usually helps
look for children separated from their parents or missing
items, and may help the characters if approached in the right
manner. Raised on Mickey Spillane and old film noir movies,
McTargart is convinced that he is a good detective, a man
with a heart of gold in a cruel world. He relishes Bogart lines
and tough-guy dialogue, but can become sidetracked by dog-
related activities (like marking his territory) in the course of
his investigation.

Vesuvius THe Fine-EateR

Ali Nyerere is a new recruit to the Midnight Circus, and
the most recent of the long line of fire-eaters to carry on the
tradition of Vesuvius. Tanzanian by birth and distantly
related to one of his nation's prominent politicians, it was
fairly easy to get into George Washington University with an
eye for international law. Falling into student apathy, Ali
grew nostalgic for his homeland. He researched African
folkore and worked his finds into poetry which he would read
on open mike night in coffee houses. Finding audience
reaction lukewarm at best, Ali learned the art of fire-eating
from a street entertainer. He added it to his next reading,
with great enthusiasm from the audience. When the circus
found him, he was an easy hook to showmanship. Ali has
found friends among the denizens of Freak City as well as Lee
Carmody. He has no permanent stand, but carries his act
about the carnival grounds, quickly gathering a crowd when
he begins his fire-eating and juggling act.

HUMBUGS, PICKLED PUNKS AND THE PIG
LADY

Like almost every carnival, the Midnight Circus
occasionally stoops to low trickery to attract a crowd.
Between Freak City, the Museum of Oddities and various
other sideshows, it has perhaps the world's largest collec-
tion of oddities. Some of these are pure humbug, in the
spirit of Barnum's Fiji Mermaid. They are odds and ends,

fictional oddities created from used animal parts and
papier mache. One of the circus's most popular sideshow
acts is the so-called "pig-lady," which is really a shaved
bear in a dress. Cavendish exhibits these obvious hoaxes
both because it is a carnival tradition, and because a
little obvious fakery goes a long way toward allaying
people's suspicions of the carnival's true nature. "Pickled
punks" are dead human and animal freaks preserved in
formaldehyde. Two-headed calves, "missing links" and
cyclops babies are but a few of these exhibits. While
some of these monstrosities are fakes, the majority are
real. The World of Darkness spawns such unfortunates in
ever-increasing numbers.

CARNIVAL HANDS

While many of the clowns and dancers double as
various vendors and ride operators, the day-to-day opera-
tions are handled by a crew of dutifully responsible people.
The chief of these isa man named Mike Ellis, who oversees
the rides and is responsible to Mr. Flint. Maria de la
Montana is the overseer of the vendors and is also account-
able to Mr. Flint.

In general, the workers have a lost, wasted look about
the eyes, and perform their tasks with minimal enthusi-
asm. They are normal human beings who are rapidly being
ground down by the Midnight Circus. Although generally
unaware about the true nature of the place, they have
their suspicions, which they wisely keep to themselves.
Sometimes their reasoning comes quite close. A large,
burly man, pulling the lever to start a ride, once told a
visitor, "Yeah, since signin' up I've been to places beyond
your dreams, man. It's like we're being tested. Me, every-
body who works here. I caused a lot of grief in my life, and
this is like Purgatory, and the verdict's waitin'." Said
operator was replaced in two days.

Superstitions abound among them, and most carry
good luck charms. Some of the employees are ex-prisoners
with few skills, while a few others are reformed alcoholics
or drug-users (a number have returned to their former vices
since joining). Ex-bikers, con men and losers — all share a
sort of camaraderie and bitter humor. Their loyalty to each
other can be touching. During their off-hours, they drink
and huddle at Bacchus's Tent, swapping gossip and stories.
In general, they distrust the denizens of Freak City and
admire (from afar) Astarte's court.

Kaus Rann

A middle-aged Bavarian German, Klaus is the el-
ephant keeper for the circus. Deeply attached to the
two pachyderms under his care, Klaus is a kind man, and
one of the few workers to know something about the
path of Cara.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

a Me a a ee A A Sa I Se a a a ES | ak a

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A—_A—_A_A_A_<A

Jean, Covverre Ax Gur Raison

Jean is Aubrey Dutetre's close friend from Montreal.
The handsome, auburn-haired acrobat has become some-
what numbed to circus life, but likes the adoration of the
crowds. Collette, his petite blonde wife, is more sensitive and
alarmed about their situation. She has developed a strong
friendship with the shy Klaus Rahn. Guy Raison intends to
leave, but looks to his older brother for guidance. Tall and
dark-haired, he is a favorite with the female circus patrons,
but is somewhat shy about the attention.

THETHIRD CIRCLE

The third circle consists of those who have, through
force or caprice, gained some real influence within the
carnival. They usually have a fair degree of personal power,

and have personal followers.

Dr. Gentac Augustus Bue ("De. Ow.")

Position: Curator of the Museum of Oddities
Nature/Demeanor: Director/Critic

Convention: Electrodyne Engineer

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Awareness 2, Intimida-
tion 5, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Leadership 4, Meditation 4,
Research 3, Survival 5, Technology 2
Knowledges: Cosmology 2, Culture 5, Enigmas 5, Linguis-
tics 3, Occult 3, Science 3
Spheres: Entropy 2, Life 4, Matter 5, Mind 4, Prime 4,
Time 2
Backgrounds: Avatar 3, Destiny 4, Node 2 (the Tass
takes the form of an old book titled "Griechische Kulture"
kept in a portfolio behind glass)
Willpower: 9
Arete: 6
Quintessence: 3
Paradox: 6

Image: Dr. Owl resembles everyone's picture of a mad
scientist. Tall and gaunt, with white, wispy hair and hard
features, Dr. Owl walks with a silver-headed cane and dresses
in dark clothing, black cape billowing after him. He seldom
smiles, and his laughter is unnerving. His voice is often
contemptuous, and he treats others as if they were ignorant
schoolchildren.

Roleplaying Notes: You run the Midnight Circus. Yes,
the Ringmaster draws them to the side show acts, and
Calabris does his childish illusion displays. As for Astarte's

vvvovovevvvivrivivrievrievrevreivroevevye«éw7vwyvywyiey

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


quaint folk show, the less said the better. But the Museum
of Oddities brings the citizens face-to-face with cold,
hard, scientific truths. Since childhood you felt that it was
your duty to bring the world into an age of scientific
reason, dispelling the myths of a less-enlightened past. To
this end you have gathered a collection of Nature's oddi-
ties, mutations and freaks. In former times these specimens
were considered gods by the ignorant masses. Herein lies
your point; by displaying and bursting the divine myths of
the ancients, you hope also to storm the citadels of
modern reactionary conservatism. All gods are dead or
fakes behind the bars. Vain and contemptuous of all
around you, you love to lecture the citizens on the impor-
tance of your museum.

History: Gerlach Augustus Eule was born in 1850 to
a prosperous family in Frankfurt. Taken by the ideas of
Voltaire and Rousseau in his youth, Gerlach left the study
of law (to his father's sorrow) to pursue the natural
sciences. Studying first in Frankfurt and later in Vienna,
young Gerlach soon mastered the science and philosophy
of his day. In Vienna he came under the influence of Dr.

Kristian Sonne, a mage of the Electrodyne Engineers
(later the Sons of Ether). Soon Gerlach, too, swore to put
an end to the quasi-religious superstitions of the past.
Gerlach also had friends in the Cabal of Pure Thought, a
forerunner to the New World Order.

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Gerlach took to the Order and its aims quickly. Set-
tling in Paris soon after, he turned to teaching. Some
friends took him to a traveling country carnival. When a
few oddities were presented as Greek gods, Gerlach de-
bunked their manager before an audience, stating that it
was criminal to cloud the minds of county folk with super-
stitious nonsense. The Ringmaster offered the naturalist
the chance to run the exhibit. To the surprise of his friends,
Gerlach agreed. As Dr. Owl, he has collected and displayed
the strange beings in his museum ever since.

Dr. Owl is a paradoxical figure. Worshipping at the
altar of science, he himself is an accomplished mage. He
would never call himself such, of course. He can explain
everything by rational principles, even the miracles he
performs with Mind Sphere. A current of Banality inun-
dates his very being, further depowering his captives.
Blind to the miracles and horrors that surround him,
zealous in debunking the myth of magic, to him the circus
is just a circus (albeit one run on peculiar scientific
principles). In many ways Dr. Owl is the prisoner of his
18th century enlightenment world-views. Rationality will
wipe clean the wicked who have held sway over the
ignorant masses by claiming divine favor. The Ringmaster
supports his museum and his ongoing quest for new speci-
mens because the collection feeds the infernal and Wyrm
powers with vast energies.

WORLD OF DARKN

MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

V=eVc¥Y eV 0 vey v ov oY ov rv ov ov ov ey = Se


The ultimate irony is that Owl does collect beings of great
power to present as Nature's mishaps. He is blind to them, a
jailor unaware of the wealth he regards as Darwinian discards.
The "collection" is guarded by Husk, a large man-shaped
construct of flesh, clay and wax, which Dr. Owl animates with
Matter procedures. Dr. Owl calls Husk an experiment in energy
displacement theory. Paradoxically, the limitations of Owl's
vision are what have kept Husk alive so long.

Agenda: Continue collecting and displaying specimens
in the interest of public enlightenment.

Note: Dr. Owl studied under a mentor who belonged to
the Electrodyne Engineers, who later split off from the
Technocracy to form the Tradition of the Sons of Ether. Dr.
Owl joined the circus before this split took place, and would
not understand the later reasons for it. Philosophically, he is
a member of the Technocracy with enough alchemy in his
training to make him a proto-Son of Ether.

Quote: A Greek god, you say? Magic, you say? All this can
be explained by the rational light of science!

¢ Husk: A large human-shaped creature created from
flesh and human parts by Dr. Owl, Husk stands behind a
display case as an example of gigantism. Dr. Owl can infuse the
body with life for brief periods, giving it primitive commands.
Husk serves as a watchdog over the museum's exhibits. Husk
was created after the first escape of the Horned Man.

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Percep-
tion 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 5

Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -5, destroyed.

Note: For the various live exhibits, see Chapter Three.

Leoy CARPENTER

Born in Tonopah, NV, Leon unfortunately suffered
from a birth defect which gave him his distinct lion-faced
appearance. His father blamed the radiation from the old
testing sites; his mother, who worked for a Pentex subsid-
iary, just saw it as "Heaven's test." Their marriage broke
apart soon after in mutual accusations of blame.

Raised by his aunt and uncle, Leon found it hard to
endure the cruelty his physical difference engendered,
and joined the Midnight Circus after being in smaller side
shows. Tiring of being displayed, he drifted toward help-
ing Dr. Owl until he became his assistant. Strong and
silent, Leon is accepted by Dr. Owl, and Leon returns this
in loyalty to the bitter naturalist. Leon is compassionate,
and makes sure the "collection" gets plenty of attention,
but he will not turn against the circus as he has found a
place where his abilities matter and his appearance is
accepted.

Sz > AD a ae a a ma aa a i

Vuy ov ev TV Vv Vv Te
CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A_A_A

Cone or FLesn

Position: King of the Freaks

Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/Avant-Garde

Physical: Strength 10, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 5 (Wheedle), Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Artistic Expression 4 (Flesh
Sculpture), Brawl 2, Empathy 2, Intimidation 4, Leadership
3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5 (Find Weaknesses)

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 4 (Whip), Music 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 2, Investigation 4,
Linguistics 2, Medicine 3, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Fetish 5, Resources 4

Powers: Body Barbs, Cause Insanity, Ectoplasmic Extrusion,
Hide of the Wyrm, Malleate, Mega-Strength, Mouth of the
Wyrm, Procreation, Regeneration, Size (6), Tar Baby
Taints: Addiction (Cocaine), Derangement (Phagomania),
The Fading, Limited Mobility, Ugly as Sin, Worms
Willpower: 7

Equipment: Devilwhip, muu-muu, jewelry, something
unmentionable in a bag

Merits/Flaws: Huge, Pitiable/Intolerance (Beautiful People)
Image: Many who see Cone of Flesh (a.k.a. CoF) for the
first time may mistake it fora giant pile of rancid mayonnaise.
Shaped more than anything like a nine-foot-tall chocolate
chip, CoF's body is a grotesque series of bulbous fat rings.
These rings grow larger as they near the ground, and tend to
collect slime and roaches. The "Cone" is over nine feet tall,
and over three yards wide at base. It has no apparent legs and
is usually pulled around on a cart by the Barlows. Topping
this mass is a malevolent, piggish face, wide at the chin and
pointed on top. The features are effeminate, though CoF is
really asexual. CoF likes to wear makeup, massive amounts of
jewelry and a small diamond tiara. It speaks in an affected
high-pitched tone. It also smells like bad cheese, and is rarely
seen by the general public.

Roleplaying Notes: Oooh, those Hetaerae. They're
such snobs, not letting you play in their little reindeer games.
You could show them a few games of your own, and maybe
someday you will. You know you're a freak now, but at the
rate the Wyrm's devouring the world, you'll be one of the
beautiful people in another 15 years or so.

History: The Fomorach pits of the Seventh Genera-
tion are not a clean place. During the 1920s a member of
the Medical Caste noticed that most of the "subjects"
thrown into the pits were not emerging fomori as ex-
pected. He investigated the pits, never to return. An
armed party went in to find him. Half-eaten fomori lay
everywhere, and five of the team died screaming, crushed
by a shadowy blob. Eventually bringing the beast to bay,
the Medical Caste determined that it was sentient and

decided to use it to further their plans. The creature's
voracious appetite for other fomori soon outweighed its
usefulness, though. Barely escaping the Seventh Genera-
tion, the Cone of Flesh was captured by the carnival and
put in a cage. Serving for a while in Dr. Owl's museum,
CoF was later moved to Freak City. CoF quickly took
control of the freak show through a combination of brute
force and low cunning.

Note: CoF can move on its own volition, leaving a
trail like a slug. This takes energy, however, and it must
make a Stamina roll (difficulty 6) every round or lose all
mobility for five rounds. CoF is a cannibal, but prefers the
taste of other fomori to humans. This does not mean
humans are safe from the blob, however. CoF turns people
into fomori through Procreation and then uses Malleate
to make them into pleasing food shapes. Sometimes it uses
these powers to create harmless new fomori for Freak City.

Quote: I may be ugly on the outside, but you're the real
monster here! (Sob!)

Kosa Tue Kiows (Jenicur Sactia, Foon)

Position: Head clown of Koba's Progressive Klown Show
Nature/Demeanor: Plotter/Director

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 5,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Firearms 3, Performance 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 5

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 2,
Politics 5

Powers: Animal Control, Immunity to the Delirium,
Mindblast, Prolong Life, Shadowplay, Succubi's Veil (see
Freak Legion for full descriptions)

Willpower: 7

Backgrounds: Resources 4

Merits/Flaws: Hidden Power

Image: Koba is a short man of indeterminate age. He has
jet-black hair and a mustache, and smokes a pipe. Always in
clown makeup, he moves with a calm air of command. Koba
speaks slowly, even sympathetically, giving the air of the
wise, fair-minded leader. He is usually surrounded by two
burly clowns with large sticks ("my cleanup detail"). Koba
himself packs a .38 Special. His clothes are odd for a clown;
he usually wears a military trenchcoat.

Koba's Clowns are usually auguste and character clowns
(tramps, firemen, etc.), with a working man/hobo look. They
all wear red noses. They dislike the traditional whiteface
clowns represented by Bishop's troupe; if any of Koba's
clowns dress like Bishop's, it is in mockery. Both Bishop and
Koba despise the "new vaudeville" look of Blotto's group.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvovovvvivvvvvveivvyv vv WV WY WY WY

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Roleplaying Notes: You have risen to the head of your
own show by hard work and cunning. You seek to supplant
that tired icon, Bishop, from his role as Chief Clown of the
Midnight Circus. It is only a matter of time when his
outdated, hackneyed performances genuflecting to bour-
geois values will be replaced by the more socially progressive
performances of modern clowns, not the remnants of medi-
eval superstition and capital derision. Your power has been

growing ever since you confronted Pyotr on the Kirghiz
Steppes. He passed something to you before he died. What,
youare not sure of, but since then you have been stronger and
your men have fallen in line.

History: Koba does not speak much about his past, but
his followers have pieced together some of it from various
statements he's made. Jerigif Sacha was destined for seminary
school in his native Russia when he ran across modern
scientific writings, which, as he states, "broke the orthodoxy
fever." A thief and street performer since childhood, Jerigif
joined a comedy troupe of subversive actors led by the
underground genius, Tosya Karolek.

Karolek had trained in cabaret shows in Germany, and
introduced progressive comedic ideas to his followers. Often {INO Acs
blacklisted by the authorities, the small group finally found LAK
employment in a circus run by Kiril Nicolai. Kiril was a rich See
patron but unaware of the day-to-day operations of the circus. ND
When the political climate changed, Tosya seized control of the
circus in the name of the performers. At last his modern ideas !
would be given a chance with audiences! Unfortunately, Tosya Wil V/
died of heart complications soon after. Jerigif, taking the stage uN
name of Koba, succeeded Tosya as the leader of the circus. il

Nobody knows the rest of Koba's story, not even Koba
himself. One of the magicians in the circus, a man named
Pyotr, was possessed by a Mind Feeder Bane. He had been
chosen by certain dark powers to open Russia up to Baba
Yaga. Pyotr was slain on the Kirghiz Steppes by a Silent
Strider Garou who had the power to cleanse the Wyrm in the
immediate vicinity. The Strider did not hesitate to do so,
killing Pyotr. The Mind Bane in him was dying when the
ever-suspicious Koba, tracking Pyotr down, found the magi-
cian. What was left of the Bane changed hosts. and Pyotr
died. The Bane never regained its former power, however,
and instead shared a symbiotic relationship with Koba. Koba
was already on a dark road, and did not need any Bane
possession to nudge him on. However, he learned useful
powers from the Bane, which essentially remains ina crippled
position. Both benefit from the other's presence.

Koba found he could combine Animal Control and Mindblast
to control the Gurahl he found. Eventually joining the
Midnight Circus, Koba and a few followers became part of

Bishop's troupe. But one clown act could not contain two
such large egos. Finding Bishop's comedy too mystical and
reactionary, Koba opened his own show. Now that the
theory of progressive comedy has a stage, the world can see

the utopian clown acts of tomorrow.

ZV VvVYiVYsVvYs¥yYoeVvy VveVvyo6Vvy VvvwevyeivpeséyvyveévVfwisveé73#t‘YyYfYi iv
CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A_~A

Agenda: Destroy Bishop; take over all the comedy acts
of the circus. To this end Koba has placed a spy in Bishop's
troupe, as well as made shifting alliances with various circus
personnel.

Equipment: Koba carries a SW M640 (.38 Special)
revolver at times. So do his bodyguards.

Quote: The reactionary forces of regressive comedic exploi-
tation will be dwelt adeathblow by the wisdom of Koba's Progressive
Clown Show!

Koba's Clowns: Koba has nine clowns working for him.
Character creation: Attributes 6/5/3, Abilities 13/9/3, Back-
grounds 6, Willpower 5. Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings
of 2, except for Dexterity and Stamina, where you can assume
a rating of 3. Mikhail is the second-in-command. He wears
a fine black suit and acts as Koba's toady. Two of Koba's
clowns, Boris and Sergei, are his bodyguards (Strength 5,
Brawl 4). An air of intimidation, spying and bootlicking
keeps the group in line. At times, one of the Infernal Trinity
will send Koba and his group as muscle for a large-scale
operation.

LIMBRA

Nature/Demeanor: Monster

Demeanor: Monster

Caste: Nephwrack

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 5,
Dodge 1, Intimidation 5

Skills: Melee 5 (Lasso & Whip specialties), Stealth 3,
Soulforging 2

Knowledges: Linguistics 1

Arcanoi/Dark Arcanoi: Argos 3, Contaminate 4, Hive Mind 3,
Larceny 3, Moliate 5, Puppetry 2, Shroud-Rending 2, Tempest
Weaving 3

Shade Powers: None

Backgrounds: Shadowlands 4

Dark Passions: Torture wraiths into Oblivion (Sadism) 5,
Serve Apophis (Fear) 3, Serve Baroque (Greed) 2, Serve
Astarte (Lust) 1

Fetters: Executioner's Block (Now in the Tower Museum) 4
Permanent Corpus: 10

Being (Sadism): 9

Angst: 10

Psyche: Savior

Passions: Redeem Zimbra (Love) 2, Save Zimbra's future
victims (Compassion) 2

Composure: 6

Fronds: Memories of Life, Mirror

History: An executioner in Old London Towne, the
man once known as Godfrey Townes expressed too much
enthusiasm for his work. In an effort to dispense justice as
he saw fit, Townes began executing criminals ahead of
their scheduled date of death. This went unnoticed for
several months until the worst happened: a prisoner whom
Townes had already relieved of his head received a par-
don. When the truth was uncovered, it was Townes
himself whose head went on the block. Cursing fate, he
lost his life to his own axe.

Recruited by the Artificers' Guild after death, Townes
rapidly fell prey to the machinations of his Shadow. Personal-
ity quirks turned into manias: spikes and excresences appeared
on his work, his mask grew more and more grotesque, and his
appetite for souls to forge grew to a monstrous hunger. Un-
subtle in death as in life, Townes and his atrocities were
quickly discovered, and he was caught by some of the more
ethical members of his Guild. Rather than face the forges
himself, Townes ripped out his own throat and plunged
himself into a Harrowing. Rather than struggle against his
Shadow's machinations, though, Townes embraced them. An
executioner and soulforger entered the Harrowing; Zimbra
emerged.

Still bound to the Skinlands by his single Fetter,
Zimbra wandered the Shadowlands in search of prey and
amusement for centuries. Fate brought his path across
that of the circus, and after destroying the Ferris wheel's
initial Spectral guardian, Zimbra took its position for his
own. Since that day, he has served the circus and its
masters well, as doing their will allows him to sate his
own dark appetites.

Image: Zimbra is huge, rippling with muscles that
seem to writhe underneath his ghostly pale skin. Garbed
in the bloody leather apron of the executioner, he wears
no other clothing save nailed boots and gore-encrusted
black gloves. A mask of Stygian steel, taken from an
unlucky Hierarch, hides Zimbra's undoubtedly hideous
visage; Zimbra has gone so far as to physically bolt it
into his Corpus. At his waist he wears a broad leather
belt which holds both a relic whip and a potent Arti-
fact: a lasso which duplicates the effects of Nhudri's
Embrace.

Roleplaying Hints: You miss your days of hammer-
ing souls into senselessness, but now you have found
something so much better. Destroying consciousness is
nothing compared to the pleasure of destroying souls,
and you can hear the whispers of your brothers and
sisters complimenting you on work well done. There
are always more souls, though — more whom you must
cast down.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A a ao a a a wee we Ma Sa ae md a fe ie Me Me Bee Mee i

Tinona's Honve

Zimbra is never alone, though frequently he is unaccompa-
nied. However, he can use the power of the Spectral Hive Mind
tosummon eight Mortwights whoserve asservants/shocktroops.
Zimbra will only call forth his allies if hard- pressed; otherwise
the other Spectres will not be seen around the Circus.

Mortwight Statistics
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empa-
thy 2
Skills: Leadership 4, Melee 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Politics 1
Arcanoi/Dark Arcanoi: Argos 1, Contaminate 2, Hive-
Mind 1, Tempest-Weaving 4
Backgrounds: Relic 3, Shadowlands 2
Dark Passions: 6 points
Permanent Corpus: 10
Being (Rage): 5
Angst: 10

THE THREE MYSTICS

In a small unobtrusive tent, three magicians peddle
their wares, offer sage advice, and even bring enlighten-
ment to the public.

Kuanyn

Born to a humble Chinese family near Xi'an, Kuanyn
learned healing from her mother and grandmother. Pos-
sessed of unusual curiosity, she left her traditional village
life with her husband Li to study in Tibet. Li perished on the
way there, but she eventually found an instructor, who
taught her to speak with the dead. Kuanyn eventually went
on to study from the Gypsies of Europe. Interested in the
doings of the dead, she joined the Midnight Circus, sensing
that the Restless were drawn to the place. Genuinely
helpful, she aids the living in healing and the dead in
escaping the circus (sometimes for a price — information is
key to her survival). She is familiar with Chinese folklore,
mythology and exercises as well as Tibetan, Indian and
Gypsy lore. Kuanyn wears traditional Chinese clothes. She
is shy and somewhat reserved upon first contact, and ap-
pears to be middle-aged.

vvvovvrvvrevrevrevrevv vwvwiey

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW

ms

Wu su So —

Seraet Guairov

Position: Hypnotist, dance instructor

Essence: Primordial

Nature/Demeanor: Director/Visionary

Tradition: Orphan

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Awareness 4, Dodge 3,
Intuition 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Leadership 5, Meditation 5, Survival 4
Knowledges: Cosmology 3, Culture 4, Enigmas 3, Medi-
cine 5, Occult 3, Science 2

Spheres: Forces 2, Life 3, Mind 4, Prime 3, Time 2
Backgrounds: Avatar 3, Mentor 5, Node 5

Willpower: 9

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 13

Paradox: 7

Image: Sergei Gumilyov is an Armenian man of inde-
terminate age. Physically short and stocky with a military
posture, he has dark hair and a beard. His long blue Cossack
coat reaches his knees, and he tucks an ancestral dagger into
the narrow belt. He wears a black astrakhan hat.

Roleplaying Notes: You understand what the circus is,
but you use it to sharpen your discipline. Your proximity to
this danger has allowed you to aid many. Your role is verified
by ancient doctrines as well as various proofs you have
worked on. There are laws at work which few know about.

History: In his youth Sergei followed various esoteric
traditions, traveling in Persia, Tibet and Ethiopia. He came
back with a teaching he called Triatosophy, which some
have said is nothing more than Hegel's dialectic mixed with
Eastern traditions.

After joining the Midnight Carnival, Sergei proved to
be quite durable. The circus's infernal energies have not
crushed him; rather, he has used their constant presence to
hone his skills. He believes that there is much to learn by
placing himself in the heart of darkness. Sergei is aware of
the tradition of Cara, and will aid those who seek him. He
can heal wounds, but has taken vows not to physically harm
the carnival. If there is a danger in him, it is in his strange
charisma, which causes some to forget their previous goals
and follow him.

Sergei Gumilyov believes that humanity is composed of
unreflecting machines which perform the hypnotic tasks
under the cultural conditioning of their era. Gumilyov's
followers are his dancers and call his teachings the Synthesis
School. Under it, they say, essence and personality are
balanced while the higher goals become obtainable.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvVvVvrTVvrVvrVvTVvTvewvTeVvyeVyYwh#$e°vé-OVv vishviVv¥itw°vijefw=#ésuvs@


AA _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A_A_A_A_A_A_<A,

Agenda: Teach; experiment with strong primal forces

Quote: You idiot, you don't defeat a hungry demon by
jumping down its throat!

Hern Fipuer

Fidler was an SS colonel during World War II and an
arch enemy of Doc Eon (see the Sons of Ether Tradition
book). Fidler fell into a Scandinavian volcano at the end of
their final battle, and would have perished save for some
vulgar Correspondence magick. Hideously scarred by molten
lava, he returned to the nearby fishing village. There he
wandered into the visiting circus, coming at last to the
magicians' tent. It was as if he belonged there. Herr Fidler was
a Son of Ether barabbi, though most of his Nephandic ties
have since atrophied. He is still an ardent racial supremacist,
but has been warned by Cavendish not to announce these
sentiments too loudly (they're bad for business.) Herr Fidler
isa mage of medium power, and is particularly adept with the
Spheres of Matter and Forces. He is a hugely fat man with
long flowing hair, but is bald on top. He has grown a large,
bushy beard to cover up the worst of his lava burns.

Claiming to master the "Thule method" of divination,
he claims that his "magic" (to him, Science) can predict the
future based on the customer's racial and ethnic origins.
Fiddler is most receptive to attractive young women, and
may suggest that he teach them certain "Thule-Tantric"
exercises he learned from "the lost Atlantean Masters of the

Hollow Earth."

THE COURT OF ASTARTE

The Court of Astarte are all members of the Third
Circle, simply because of their association with the Autumn
Queen. Besides those listed below, Astarte's court also in-
cludes Iolanthe and six other changelings. Three of these are
Unseelie troll guards.

Tue Summer King

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Peacock/Arcadian

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sidhe

House: None (Formerly Ailil)

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empa-
thy 3, Intimidation 4, Kenning 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 5, Leadership 3, Melee 3, Performance 3,
Seduction 4, Temporal Sense |

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Mythlore 3, Occult 2, Politics 3

Arts: Chicanery 3, Chronos 2, Dream-Craft 3, Primal 4,
Sovereign 3, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 5, Fae 3, Scene 4

Backgrounds: Chimera 3 (golden wolf), Dreamers 1,
Gremayre 2, Retinue 3, Treasures 3, Title 5 (Circus only)
Glamour: 6

Banality: 3

Willpower: 6

Flaw: Overconfident

Image: Fair as a summer day, the Summer King is the
quintessential, wise sidhe noble. He is beautiful beyond
human ken, and both the joy of youth and the wisdom of the
ages dance in his eyes. He has long silver hair and the bearing
ofa fae lord of antiquity. He wears flowing robes of green and
silver (even in his mortal seeming) and a crown of summer
leaves and berries. Despite his great grace and beauty, there
is an air of sadness about him.

Roleplaying Notes: This world is so flawed, unlike your
own great beauty and wisdom. Astarte tells you that someday
you may tule all of Arcadia when she returns there, but for
now youare king of the carnival, and of the Arcadia fragment
she keeps in her Spriggan's Jar. You are more beautiful, more
polished and generally superior to everyone you meet. The
rest of the world exists only to serve your secretly jaded
pleasures.

History: The Summer King remembers neither his
years in Arcadia, nor any other time — he cannot even recall
his real name. Captured by Astarte during the Resurgence in
1969, the Summer King is a blank slate on which she may
write anything she wishes. Recognizing his raw charisma, she
set him up as the ruler of the Renaissance Fair. In this
capacity he serves as a lightning rod for any trouble while
Astarte keeps to the shadows. The other fae in her court obey
the Summer King, but know where the true power lies.

Equipment: Chimeric sword

Note: The Summer King is a practitioner of Morpheus
Sabinis (the crime of Dream Rape: see Nobles: The Shining
Host). He uses his Arts to bend others to his will, and then
orders them to forget through his Chicanery or Sovereign
Arts. Astarte indulges his predilections as long as they do not
endanger the carnival. Despite his puppet status to Astarte,
the Summer King is quite powerful in his own right.

Quote: Well met, thou noble Kithain. I deem thee worthy to
join our festivities.

Ruuvawaine (Giarsty Hanren)

Position: Singer/entertainer, Astarte's court
Court: Seelie

Legacies: Troubadour/Riddler

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

VT ov Vivo VW wv VW VV OV VV VV VY pvr

4

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_<A

he

rad
56

House: Fiona

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 5, Kenning 3,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 4, Leadership 2, Melee 2, Perfor-
mance 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Linguistics 5, Medicine 2, Mythol-
ogy 5, Occult 2

Arts: Chicanery 3, Chronos 2, Dream-Craft 2, Primal 2,
Soothsay 5, Sovereign 1

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 4, Nature 1, Prop 2, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Gremayre 5

Glamour: 9

Banality: 2

Willpower: 6

Image: Rhingwaine appears to circus-goers as a hand-
some, curly-haired minstrel in colorful medieval clothing.
He seems to shimmer as he walks, and a bright fire dances in
his eyes. Many mortals have fallen in love with the bard on
sight. He carries a harp with him and a flute in a pouch tied
to his waist. Friendly and approachable, Rhingwaine asks his
listeners questions about their family history and life experi-
ences, always looking for new material. His harp, while
resembling a Celtic harp, is of unique design. Serious musi-
cians, craftsmen and artists find welcome conversation with
the magical singer.

Roleplaying Notes: Songs of unearthly beauty unfold
from your magic harp, and your voice captivates the audience
into glimpsing visions of the Dreaming. You are happy
performing here, weaving dreams of enchantment around
weary mortals and allowing them to connect with the world
of beauty and fable. You have been with Astarte's court for
along time, joining after the Shattering. While others slowly
disappeared down Astarte's path to Arcadia, you left the
carnival to learn more technique and material. Returning at
the time of the Sundering, you have remained since. Re-
cently, tales of the sidhe's return from Arcadia have placed
a disquiet in your heart. Your mind now harbors a sliver of
doubt about Astarte's path.

History: Born before the Sundering into a minor distaff
house of House Fiona, Rhingwaine was called early to the
bardic arts. Taking up a life of wandering, he sought and
studied with various masters of his craft. When the Sunder-
ing occurred, Rhingwaine was traveling with the eshu,
learning talecraft. Hearing of Astarte's mysterious court, he
sought her out. Briefly her favorite, the two remained close
friends to this day. While traveling with the carnival,
Rhingwaine learned the songs of many cultures. He is a
master of the harp, flute and song (thus the source of his
"Glastyn Harper" nickname).

His beautiful playing and singing have kept Banality
at bay in the Autumn Queen's court. Many visiting change-
lings are amazed at the ancient songs he remembers about
their kind. He eagerly questions visiting changelings about
current events. His inner doubt about Astarte has made
him more sympathetic to the views of outsiders.

Agenda: Perform unearthly music for Astarte's court
and visitors; quietly learn about the return of the sidhe.

Quote: I can sing to you of Tristan and Isolde. Do you prefer
medieval French or the Welsh version?

Caurrso (Baro)

A beautiful eshu woman of Caribbean descent, Ca-
lypso is a talented singer and dancer. She tells stories of
faraway places to the children who visit the circus. She
does not limit her activities to the Renaissance Fair.
Seemingly benign, she is really Unseelie in outlook. She
is the Summer King's constant companion and encour-
ages him in his crueler activities. A petty plotter, she
unrealistically dreams of taking Astarte's place in the
Infernal Trinity, and may aid those whom she thinks has
a chance of harming the Autumn Queen. Calypso is a
master of the Wayfare Art and adept at both Chicanery
and Soothsay. Her Realms are primarily those of Actor
and Fae.

Mr. Quigter (Jester)

Small even by boggan standards, Mr. Quigley re-
minds some of Poe's demented Hop-Frog. Most humans
perceive him as a slightly sinister but admittedly hilari-
ous prankster. He leaps, capers and dances delightful
jigs. His humor is sardonic and at times cruel, reducing
his "volunteer from the audience" to tears for the amuse-
ment of others. Quigley often uses his skill at Chicanery
to destroy his victim's ego in complete view of an audi-
ence. These victims suffer hilarious "tortures" (pies in
the face, kicks to the butt, etc.) while Quigley delivers a
dialectic on their failings and secret shames. These
victims are rarely able to defend themselves, and any
appeals for aid are usually met by thunderous laughter.
His cavalcade of merriment has inspired more than one
suicide. Quigley is also a master of Wayfare and the
Actor Realm.

THESECOND CIRCLE

The second circle of power consists of beings who, for
the most part, have been with the circus for a long time. They
have gained power through either their own efforts or by
latching onto one of the Infernal Trinity. Some of the second
circle are ambitious and wish to ascend to the first circle of
power, while others fear the forces with which the Infernal
Trinity must contend.

vvwvweveWyegYVWYVv¥vWweg8¥v¥VSQ'ioov¥OG§

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Tae Bisnor

Position: Head Clown

Essence: Primordial

Nature/Demeanor: Fanatic/Visionary

Tradition: Celestial Chorus barabbi

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 4 (Clowning), Alertness 2, Athletics 3,
Brawl 3, Dodge 4 (Comedic), Intimidation 3, Leadership
3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 2, Meditation
3, Research 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Cosmology 4, Culture 2, Enigmas 3, Investi-
gation 4, Linguistics 4, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Arcane 3, Avatar 3, Dream 3, Library 2
Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 2, Mind 2, Prime 5,
Spirit 3

Willpower: 7

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 3

Paradox: 1

Merits/Flaws: Speech Impediment (sounds like Elmer
Fudd), Intolerance (Truly funny people/Koba)

Image: The Bishop isa tall, rail-thin man in his mid-50s.
He dresses grandly in a bishop's cassock, three sizes too large
for him. He wears a bishop's miter and carries a crozier. His
face is craggy and very serious under his clown makeup. The
left side is painted bright red and orange in a benign smile.
The right side is colored blue and purple with a sad frown; a
small diamond stud beneath his right eye denotes "a tear for
all humanity." His mouth has a nervous tic and constantly
alternates between smiling and frowning.

Roleplaying Notes: Some people call you a pompous,
self-important windbag. That reprobate Koba even insists
that you aren't really funny. Untrue. You merely feel that
humor should enlighten as well as entertain. Didn't Jesus
employ humor to debate the Pharisees? Yours is a loving God.
Jehovah, the One, the Prime Monad — you move in accor-
dance with His plans in all things. "And he sayeth unto them:
Follow me and I will make you fishers of men."

Roleplaying Notes: Your former sect declared
Manichaeism and its rejection of all things physical a heresy,
but you know the evil and corruption inherent in all matter.
This circus seems to be the height of materialistic decadence,
fleshly, flashy and evil. Only you realize that this glamour
hides its true purity — the purity of the void. The fallen one,
Astarte, recognizes this; but she is corrupt because of her
female nature, which tempts men to desire only worldly
pursuits. Your old colleague Cavendish is too concerned with

the world. Only you understand the circus's true nature. The
world is corrupt and must be cleansed. The wheel of Apophis
is not a tool of Satan, but a divine instrument of the Lord!

History: A fellow student of Cavendish in the Celestial
Chorus, the Bishop quickly split with his sect over his interpre-
tation of the Gnostic heresy of Manichaeism. Adopting only
the beliefs teachings about the limitation of the material world,
the Bishop has twisted these teachings into a fanatical yearning
for entropy. A follower of Apophis, he nevertheless grudgingly
acknowledges the need for the circus's Wyrm elements... for
now. The Bishop joined the carnival shortly after Cavendish,
but has not grown in power as swiftly. The victim of a severe
neural disorder, the Bishop has a split personality, alternatively
malignant and benevolent. Unfortunately for his clowning
career, neither personality is very funny.

Most of the Bishop's clowns are also his disciples. Dedi-
cated to his teachings, they recognized their master's desire
to enlighten the world through humor. They were also frank
about his shortcomings as an entertainer. The clowns thus
conspired to create a show especially tailored to his eclectic
ramblings, allowing the Bishop to proselytize about his
strange mishmash of beliefs.

Agenda: Bring salvation to the masses through comedy,
and cleanse the world of impurity.

Quote: Not many people know this, but Jesus, Confucius,
the Buddha and all other howy men were actuawy vewy funny.

Equipment: Squeak hammer, clown nose, floppy shoes,
bishop's staff

Mr. Funt — Conax (WeRreRavend

Position: Paymaster

Breed: Homid

Nature/Demeanor: Conniver/Autist

Physical: Strength 5 (6/4), Dexterity 5 (6/6), Stamina 4
(5/4)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 5 (3/2), Appearance 2 (0/2)
Mental: Perception 4 (7/8), Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 5,
Expression 4, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 4, Melee 3, Leadership 3,
Stealth 5, Survival 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 5, Linguistics 5,
Occult 3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3 (Cone of Flesh, Baroque and
Mr. Smiley)

Gifts: (1) Enemy Ways, Voice of the Mimic; (2) Omens
and Signs, Tongues; (3) Dark Truths, Hear the Corpse
Whisper

Rank: 3

Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Rites: (Mystic) Rite of Becoming, Rite of the Sun's Bright Ray

vvvvoevvvrvvrevevrevrievrevrevvvvwviwéeyY

_

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_

Image: In Homid form, Mr. Flint is thin and wiry, and
wears formal Edwardian clothes. He appears taller than he is
due to the stovepipe hat he wears. Dark sunglasses cover his
eyes, and long black hair falls down over his face. His shape and
dress cause his coworkers to call him "Ebenezer Flint," but not
within earshot. In Corvid form, Mr. Flint is a large raven.

Roleplaying Notes: You are aloof, conceited and Mr.
Cavendish's right-hand man. Your position enables you to
know the day-to-day operations, profit margins and interest-
ing news. The daily receipts and paychecks go through your
hands. You are the only one who's gained Cavendish's full
trust, and you're perfectly aware of his goals and dealings. You
have given him your complete friendship and loyalty. After
all, he took you in when your own kind abandoned you. He
is your mentor in many ways.

You purposely project a no-nonsense but mysterious
reputation, and so the other circus hands shy away from you.
Their fear is a good tool. You head Cavendish's spy ring and
use information on others in the deadly conspiracies which
lie beneath the circus. You mislead enemies of the circus and
spy upon them at every opportunity.

History: Charles Flint was born in Vancouver Prov-
ince, Canada, and has English and Tlingit blood in his veins.
When the Change came upon Flint, his uncle, a member of
the Hermetic Society of Swift Light, guided him into the
ways of Corax society. But while investigating a strange
circus that suddenly moved into the area, his uncle was slain
by an arrow shot from nearby forest covering. The other
Corax with them flew off, but Flint stayed, trying to revive
his uncle. The young Corax was adopted by Cavendish, and
soon fell under the spell of the circus. The Ringmaster
corrupted him so gradually that Flint doesn't see himself as
"fallen." Abandoned by his own kind, Flint became
Cavendish's head spy and confidant. If he were to discover
that Morrell DeEquesto killed his uncle, he would probably
try to kill Morrell without endangering his own position.

Agenda: To advance in the circus through Cavendish.

Quote: I'm responsible for every scrap of money that goes
through this place. You'd be surprised how much power a good

accountant has.

Banooue

Position: Keeper of the Dead

Clan: Samedi

Sire: Morlock

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1725

Apparent Age: 30

Nature/Demeanor: Manipulator/Avant-Garde
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge
3, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee 2, Music 3, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Linguistics 3, Occult 4
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 1, Fortitude 1, Mortis 4,
Necromancy 5, Obfuscate 3, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Herd 1, Resources 3,
Retainers 2

Virtues: Conviction 2, Instinct 2 , Courage 3

Willpower: 7

Path of Death and the Soul: 7

Image: Baroque looks like a tall, handsome black man
wearing a dapper white suit. He is completely bald and speaks
with a Jamaican accent. He is friendly toward everyone and
laughs in a booming, good-natured way. Baroque's physical
appearance is really an illusion covering a wizened old
Tibetan vampire named Shih Hsu.

Roleplaying Notes: The others tried to destroy you, for
the "good of the Kindred." They, with their foolish notions
about the importance of humanity, had the temerity to attempt
control your destiny? Phaugh! Their laws of comportment and
self-discipline were dung! And humans? Humans are play-
things, to be used and discarded as you desire. Even the dead
must fear a potent necromancer such as yourself. You will do
anything to make yourself even stronger. Calabris thinks he is
quite safe in his position — he is in for a big surprise. You will
soon take your rightful place in the Infernal Trinity over his
corpse. You are wholly a creature of the Defiler Wyrm and are
suspicious of Astarte, who is not.

History: A bully, a sadist and a rapist, Shih Hsu was a
predator almost from birth. A minor death-mage, he terror-
ized first his village, then the entire province. By the time he
was 60, he was considered the most wicked man in Tibet.
Growing rich through banditry, he built a great fortress in the
Himalayas where he and his men killed all who passed by
them. His evil deeds brought him to the attention of a
visiting Western vampire. The Westerner admired him for
his wickedness, and convinced him that the limited power he
would lose as a mage would be more than compensated by the
powers he would gain as a vampire.

The vampire Embraced him, and then taught him all
he knew. Asa reward Shih Hsu flayed his sire right down to
his bones. What Shih Hsu didn't realize was that his master
was a renegade member of the Eastern Black Hand. Shih
Hsu barely escaped their attack on his sire's cave. Running
for his unlife, he encountered the carnival and sold his soul
for immediate escape and a new identity. The circus's
Glamour Veil clothed him in a different form, and he has
been there ever since. He now plies his trade as a voodoo
fortuneteller, planning for better times.

Equipment: Fashionable white suit, silver-handled cane,
ruby pendant.

Vv Vv ov WW VOY Vv
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

VV VW uv VY VW SV OV OVO OY Ve

MA_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A—A—_A_A_A

Note: Baroque possesses a small jade Artifact known as
the Hand of the Yama Kings. The circus stole the Hand from
the Jade Emperor some time ago. Cavendish gave it to
Baroque to secure his loyalties and to aid in his ability to
control wraiths. The Hand is a powerful defensive Artifact.
All wraithly Arcanoi and necromantic powers (rotes, Disci-
plines, etc.) used against the owner are at - 4 with their Dice
Pool. The Artifact also allows vampires (or mages with
Entropy and Spirit) who are attuned to it to enter the
Shadowlands for brief periods of time. The Hand of the Yama
Kings looks like a severed hand made out of True Jade, and
only exists in the Shadowlands. Baroque carefully hides the
Hand each time before he returns to the Skinlands.

THE FIRST CIRCLE
THE INFERNAL TRINITY

The Infernal Trinity is a longstanding tradition, almost as
old as the circus itself. Although the Trinity is eternal, its
members are not. The current Trinity is but the latest link in a

chain that predates the Roman Empire. By comparison, Astarte,
the oldest of the modern Trinity, joined the carnival only in the
"LA ninth century. The Infernal Trinity are the most powerful
Gj, am li, members of the circus, but also the most strongly bound. The

) current three partially resist the carnival's entropic undertow

only through their great strength of will, canny maneuvering
and help from outside sources. They mostly stick to the shadows,
and any appearance they make should be accordingly dramatic.

CALABRIS

Position: Magician

AM

nu

Sire: Prince Villon of Paris

Clan: Toreador

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1595

Apparent Age: 40

Nature/Demeanor: Architect/Gallant

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge
4, Empathy 2, Intimidation 4, Leadership 2, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Art 6 (Painting), Etiquette 2, Melee
4 (Sword Cane), Performance 4 (Violin), Security 3, Stage
Magic 5, Stealth 5, Survival 2

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 3, Occult 6
(Glamour Veil)

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Chimerstry 7, Fortitude
4, Necromancy 2, Nihilistics 1, Obfuscate 4, Presence 5

rvvvvvvvrevrevrevrevrevrevvreve vv vw YW
CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW 59

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Herd 5, Resources 4, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience | (occasionally 5), Self-Control 3,
Courage 4

Willpower: 8

Humanity: 3 (sometimes 8 and growing)

Merits/Flaws: Eidetic Memory, Luck/Dark Secret (Benign
Tendencies)

Image: Powerful and sinister in appearance, Calabris is
the most formidable-looking member of the Infernal Trinity.
Calabris has black eyes, a pointed beard and arched eye-
brows, overall seeming quite Mephistophelean. He appoints
himself in Victorian style, wearing a top hat and a volumi-
nous black cloak. He carries a silver-handled sword-cane
that burns with a pale green light when drawn. In low light,
Calabris's form seems to shift unnaturally, as though viewed
through cloudy water.

Roleplaying Notes: Elegant, pure and perfect in your
predatory desires, you were the quintessential vampire lord.
The death rattle of a trusting victim was a symphony to your
ears. Cruelty itself became an art. In the carnival these
predilections increased. Beauty and pleasure were built on
the pain of others. You lived by that code, and everything was
once so easy for you. Now there is guilt, self-examination
and... compassion. These alien feelings began insinuating
themselves like a cancer into your psyche about 50 years ago.
At first they were an amusing distraction, but now they
undercut your position in the Trinity. If the others were to
learn of your weakness... You rail against these faults, seek-
ing to burn them on a pyre of elegantly butchered corpses.
Yet every time youkill, your conscience springs up phoenixlike
from the ashes, stronger than before. You are beginning to
fear for your sanity.

History: Calabris was the wayward childe of Prince
Villon of Paris. Unlife proved pleasurable to the young
prodigy. He quickly became the toast of Paris at the zenith of
its dominance over European culture. The power quickly
went to his head; he became cruel and decadent. If he saw
something or someone, that he desired, he took it, no matter
the pain that it caused. Eventually, however, his "indiscre-
tions" caused him to fall out of favor with Villon. Banished
under threat of a Blood Hunt, the pampered vampire was
forced to fend for himself for the first time.

Calabris took up with a murderous band of Ravnos
cutthroats in the Carpathians, and quickly became their
leader. He soon realized that of all his artistic talents, his
greatest one was that of illusion, and became one of its
foremost practitioners. During the mid-1600s Calabris came
across the carnival, which was undergoing a power struggle
within the Infernal Trinity. The Trinity's vampiric member,
a powerful Tremere named Mordblund, was close to gaining
dominance over the other two members. Astarte and
Anastagio (a.k.a. Devyn Cavendish) promised Calabris the

coveted third place in the Trinity in return for his aid.
Together the three drove the Tremere into the hall of
mirrors, where his screams are still heard to this day.

In the centuries since that time, Calabris has woven his
illusions throughout the carnival, remaking its surface ap-
pearance to fit his own desires. The other two members of the
Trinity encourage him, partially because he increases the
carnival's siren call, and partly because the occupation
prevents him from digging too much into the circus's deeper
secrets. In addition to his chimeric powers, Calabris is an
extremely talented stage magician and master of misdirec-
tion. He combines these skills to devastating effectiveness in
combat. He is an occasional guest at Astarte's court.

Agenda: Recreate the carnival in your own image

Equipment: Top hat, morning coat, enchanted sword-
cane (difficulty 5, Str + 3 aggravated damage), stage magic
props, various fetishes for maintaining and manipulating the
Glamour Veil.

Special: Calabris is the only one of the Infernal Trinity
who has not gained power through demonic Investments
(see Chapter Three). Of the Infernal Trinity, Calabris is the
least bound by the power of the circus, though his lack of
Wyrm or infernal patrons also makes him more vulnerable to
attack. Because of this he has taken extreme measures to
protect himself during the day. Calabris's illusions are so
ingrained into the fabric of the carnival that none can detect
his resting place. Even Baroque's wraith spies are mystified.
Calabris has woven countless "sleeper illusions" (Chimerstry
level four) into the fabric of the carnival over the centuries.
Calabris and Rati may activate these without expending
blood or Willpower.

His recent "slips" of compassion are due to brief periods
when he is possessed by Cara. The spirit is seeking to return to
power, and Calabris' lack of Investments makes him a good
host. The struggle may manifest itself at odd times, leading him
to perform a compassionate act "under the influence." He
despises these moments of weakness, but the guttering spark of
his Humanity is being slowly fanned back to life.

Quote: Don't worry about your companions. "It's all done
with mirrors," remember?

Astante

Position: Autumn Queen (Opener of Paths)
Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Schismatic/Arcadian

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

House: None (formerly Fiona)

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 7
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

vy VY VY yy oy ey CY ye ev,

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS


ZV VV VY VioVVY voy, Vv eVvy Vv Vv VY VY VY VvyYVv Vv OV

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A—_A__A_A_A

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empa-

thy 5 (Secret Desires), Expression 4, Intimidation 3, Kenning

5, Subterfuge 5 (Find Weakness)

Skills: Etiquette 5, Leadership 4, Melee 2, Performance 5

(Song), Stealth 3, Survival 3, Temporal Sense 4

Knowledges: Dream Lore 5, Enigmas 5, Investigation 3,

Linguistics 5, Mythlore 5, Occult 5, Politics 4

Arts: Chicanery 5, Chronos 4, Dream-Craft 5, Primal 4,

Soothsay 3, Sovereign 5, Wayfare 4

Realms: Actor 5, Fae 5, Nature 3, Prop 3, Scene 5 (Carnival

Affinity)

Backgrounds: Chimera 5, Contact 3, Dreamers 5, Gremayre 4,

Holdings 3, Patron 5 (Apophis), Retinue 3, Title 5 (Formerly a

princess), Treasures 5, Trod 5

Demonic Investments: Atrophic Touch, Gateway (see below)

Glamour: 10

Banality: 3

Willpower: 8

Merits/Flaws: Natural Linguist/Driving Goal (Recreate Arcadia)
Image: Of old she was known as Astarte the Beautiful, and

named in her youth Autumn Queen and the Maid of Petals. The

golden rays of the sun played down her hair like a waterfall... The

bards of the sidhe composed twenty and seven songs honoring her

beauty; twenty and seven hands she refused in union....

otherworldliness. A rare beauty by even sidhe standards, she
has sculpted features, with tapered eyes and ears, even in her
mortal seeming. Her auburn hair glows like late-afternoon
sunlight, and her clear eyes are a pale glassy green. Her fae
seeming has a beautiful and terrible majesty to it. Her eyes
and robes ripple with a lambent green flame of balefire,
punctuated by sparks of gold. When angered, her eyes flash
black with the Void.

Roleplaying Notes: Thou art Astarte, mistress of gates
and keeper of the void. Thou ridest the Apophis Worm, and
entropy is strong within thee, but thou art pure, holy one. For
thine is not the way of power, or desire, or corruption. All
these things are but tools, for thou art the Winter that
preceed from Autumn. Let those who wish to see another
Spring proceed only through thee.

History: Astarte is the oldest, if not the most power-
ful, of the Infernal Trinity. Although no one knows her
true age, her history with the carnival dates back to its
bloody encounter with the knights of Emperor
Charlemagne during the late eighth century. During this
period, the carnival's infamy was widespread, and the
Church ordered its destruction. Holy knights, led by Sir
Roland and aided by holy magics, descended on the
carnival. Astarte was a princess of the Fair Folk in those
lands and knowledgeable of the doings in the emperor's

> \a

Astarte's beauty is typical fae-ethereal with an air of

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


court. The emperor was no friend of the fae, and so Astarte
rescued the carnival by leading it through a secret trod. As
areward the carnival made her its guide through the many
netherworlds it traveled, luring her with promises of
knowledge and adventure. The young princess did not
realize the carnival's true nature until it was too late.

During the long years of the Interregnum, when most
sidhe fled the earth, Astarte was one of the few nobles left.
Arcadia is one of the rare places where the carnival cannot
go, and she hungers for it like a lost dream. Her desire is
ravenous, and the carnival fulfills these dreams, at a price.
Astarte is a disciple of the demon Apophis and derives
powers directly from it. She believes in entropy asa natural,
cleansing force, necessary for the world's rebirth. Her servi-
tude to Apophis reinforces these beliefs. Astarte
dispassionately believes that her good ends justify any
means. Unlike many in the circus she does not revel in the
pain of others. She kills only when "necessary," and is
careful not to cause undue suffering.

Agenda: Recreate Arcadia.

Equipment: Faerie Food, Mirror of Dreams, Sliver of the
Hunger Stone, Spriggan's Jar

Special: Through her Gateway Investment, Astarte
may move the carnival through all the inner and some of the
farther planes of existence. This power also applies to Astarte
personally, and she may enter most planes without taking the
circus with her. She must still enter many realms by way of
established portals, however. There is a vigorous etiquette to
entering many planes. The carnival may not reach Arcadia
through this Investment.

Mirror of Dreams: A full-length mirror in a heavy
gold dragon-shaped frame, the Mirror of Dreams allows
Astarte to view any object within the physical confines of
the circus, even if they are in another realm such as the
Umbra or the Dreaming. Any of the Infernal Trinity may
use the mirror for this purpose. The mirror is also the focus
through which Astarte casts her Wayfare cantrips when
moving the carnival from realm to realm. The carnival
may still do this without the mirror, but it requires most of
Astarte's Glamour to do so. Lastly, the mirror reveals the
true nature of anyone reflected in it. Astarte uses this to
study potential opponents.

Sliver of the Hunger Stone: Astarte owns a small
sliver of the black gem known as the Hunger Stone. Astarte
keeps the fragment in a golden ring on her finger. Those

who examine it closely discover that it is a small piece of the
Void. This fragment gives its owner prolonged life, but at a
price. The owner gains an affinity with the Void, becoming
over time (about a century) a living part of the Void.
Astarte's ownership of the fragment explains both her
rapport with Apophis and the circus's seeming inability to
grind her into Oblivion. The stone also confers an immu-
nity to entropy-based attacks (e.g., aging attacks).

vv = Vv VO <-v -v "Vv ry "VT VV TY -v rv TY -v 7 "ve
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Spriggan's Jar: The Spriggan's Jar is a powerful faerie
treasure containing a small fragment of Arcadia's essence.
To most the jar merely looks as if it contains colored sand,
yet changelings may see something else. Any changeling
who makes a Perception + Kenning roll (difficulty 7, two
successes needed) sees the sand shift, forming itself into a
dazzling, miniature vista of a woodland glade. The change-
ling must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 9) or be sucked
into the tableau. A faerie "captured" in this manner be-
lieves she is back in Arcadia and never wishes to leave.
Only Astarte may free a changeling ensnared by the jar.
(Breaking the jar scatters the sand and the jar's inhabitants
to the farthest corners of the Deep Dreaming.) Sand from
this jar instantly enchants those it touches. Mortals en-
chanted in this manner may be affected by all changeling
Arts, even if their Banality is high. Astarte only allows fae
she esteems into the Spriggan's Jar. The jar is her most
prized possession.

Quote: Walk with me a little space, and I will show you a
place of eternal Spring.

The Intention makes the crime.

— Aristotle

Devry Cavenpist
Position: Ringmaster
Essence: Questing
Nature/Demeanor: Fanatic/Conniver
Tradition: Celestial Chorus barabbi
Physical: Strength 3 (can be augmented to 5 when Cavendish
falls under Induced Rage), Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 6 (Captivating), Manipulation 5 (Silver
Tongues), Appearance 3
Mental: Wits 5 (Shrewd), Intelligence 4, Perception 4
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Awareness 5, Brawl 2,
Dodge 4, Expression 5, Intuition 5, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 5
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Leadership 5, Melee 3,
Research 4, Stealth 4, Survival 5, Technology 2
Knowledges: Cosmology 5, Culture 4, Enigmas 5 (Ancient),
Law 3, Linguistics 5, Occult 5
Backgrounds: Allies 6, Arcane 4, Avatar 5, Destiny 4,
Dream 2, Library 2, Mentor 4, Talisman 5
Spheres: Entropy 5, Prime 3, Mind 3, Spirit 4, Time 5
Willpower: 7
Quintessence: 16
Paradox: 3

Image: Devyn Cavendish is a tall, thin man, apparently
in his 40s. He has dark curly hair streaked with gray, and a
sharp nose and chin. A theatrical waxed mustache draws
attention to his face. His dark eyes cast about nervously;
when he's alone, they reveal the darkness of the void.

Cavendish wears the traditional top hat of the ringmaster, as
well as a red cutaway coat. He wears tall black boots and a
gold pocket watch. His hands are always gloved, and a coiled
whip hangsat his side. Cavendish possesses an infernal eye in
his right hand, part of a bargain he made long ago.

Roleplaying Notes: You are the master of the Infernal
Carnival. You alone remember the dark deals made with
forces from beyond reality. The old "stockholders" are very
demanding and constantly hungry. Even the remaining
members of the ruling triad have little idea how deep you
have plunged into debt. That's all right. Astarte is lost in
her dream world. The vampire may have to be taught a
lesson. To that end, you are grooming Baroque for the
vampiric spot in the Infernal Trinity.

Without you the hungry spirits would rip through the
circus like a fiery wind. You must keep them fed. You seek
to placate them and regain portions of the soul you sold.
Consequently, you run a brisk trade in the souls of inno-
cents; beings of power fetch a higher price.

All this you do in secrecy. It is difficult to balance
the hungers of the infernal demons and the Wyrm. You
pull it off with rare skill, making sure that you are the
power broker who skims off the top of every deal. Lately
their hunger has grown, demanding more of your atten-
tion. As you watch the rising tide, you secretly fear that
time may be running out. If it can buy you a bit of time,
placate them with the blood of their enemies. For now,
small-talk friend and foe alike. Show them that nothing
is wrong; you are in control. But your nerves are begin-
ning to fray under the pressure.

History: Devyn Cavendish's original name was
Anastagio Salvatorio. He spent his youth in the Italian
city-states of Florence and Pisa. The illegitimate son of a
priest, he was raised by the priest's brother, a minor artisan,
in the late 15th century. Young Anastagio was a quick
learner on the streets and at his studies. He possessed a
special skill in unlocking deep mysteries for the sheer joy of
it. Word spread when he found the fabled flowering rod of
St. Joseph in the ruins of a Florentine church. The young
boy had insisted that he had called it to him through
intense prayer, although the local priests relayed that he
had found it after a vision. Soon young Anastagio came to
the attention of the Celestial Chorus.

He was approached by members of this great order, who
believed that the power within him would be strong. They
offered him an education and calling. With the consent of
his foster father, Anastagio went to the Chantry in Rome.
Some felt that he would one day lead the order, for he was
intense in his studies, easily mastering ancient tongues and
difficult lessons.

His fall began when he lured two Nephandi into a trap
set by his Tradition. The slain two were proved to be
transporting a library of ancient tomes to a distant base in the

vvvvvvvvvivvyvyyvyéwvyeeéwvyveyvyeeéyvypsé iweiwvywWw YW

a

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


AA _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A__A_

Pyrenees. Anastagio claimed he had destroyed their offen-
sive codices, but in fact hid them for future study. He sealed
his fate when he opened the brittle pages of Libre Dam'are,
the book of Kurush the Doomed.

Kurush was great among the Nephandi. The Persian
mage was believed to have been slain in 1343 by Takshaka of
the Akashic Brotherhood. Deciphering the book, Anastagio
discovered an intricate code that suggested the Nephandus
still lived in the distant Caucasian Mountains. Anastagio
slipped from the Chantry, calling down an infernal spirit
and escaping in the confusion. Most thought him dead.

His wanderings and eventual apprenticeship under
Kurush are the material of many legends. Anastagio,
renamed Yawgild the Nephandus by his teacher, soon
mastered the arts of infernal exchange. Bargaining with
beings from beyond reality became second nature. When
the veiled Persian released the new Nephandus to the
world, he laughed and told his other disciples, "I have just
unleashed the dervish of Hell."

Some say he joined the carnival in India, others in
Asia Minor. He apprenticed himself to Mauritius the
Carnival Master, but it took scant time before he had
learned all that the elder could teach.

Mauritius had been a hedge wizard of note, as were
many of the Carnival Masters before him. But he should
have listened to his student's proposal: Anastagio offered
the hedge wizard his life in exchange for his position. The
day after Mauritius' refusal, he was found naked, barking
like a dog, and was soon hunted to death by his own
hounds. It seemed that Anastagio had fully understood
the laws of the carnival before he set foot within, offering
his services to the strange powers which dwelt there.

Anastagio allied himself to Astarte, sensing her needs
and proposing a partnership in mutual aid. Astarte was
taken by the charismatic young mage; the lady of the elder
world soon struck up a friendship with the practitioner of
the dark, varied as their backgrounds were. The Nephandus
found a deep sea of endless forgetfulness within the sidhe
lady, and it briefly calmed his fevered dreams. Theodoric
the vampire accepted him at face value as a man who'd be
good for the day-to-day administration of the traveling
carnival.

Mordblund the Tremere slew Theodoric in 1499, and
rose to take control of the carnival from his two partners.
Astarte and Anastagio struck first, and wrested control
back from their rival. They had the aid of Calabris, who

S: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

a? a a? a> me Ge Cb Ce aan a Mam ma aaa a Ae a

a, dia i

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

took his place as the youngest of the Infernal Trinity.
Originally Anastagio and Calabris were close allies, but
Calabris has fallen to solitude in recent years.

Anastagio bargained with the forces of the outer
darkness, gaining much power ina short time. He became
the most powerful of the Infernal Trinity and the driving
force behind the carnival. Anastagio allowed the Wyrm's
influence within the carnival to grow to balance the
infernal powers headed by Apophis. Without his daily
tending to the spiritual appetites of the carnival's two
masters, the whole show would quickly fall apart. He is the
center that barely holds, the eye in the infernal storm.

So tenaciously has he kept the balance that a tip in
either direction could ruin everything. Devyn Cavendish
(his most recent name) has skimmed off the sacrifices to
the two "stockholders in the business" (his whimsical
term, not theirs). He bargains with both for power and
attributes, giving even portions of his own soul for future
mastery over the dark. For this reason he has a "patch-
work" soul and the heart of a calculating machine. He sees
all things in terms of profit and exchange.

Devyn Cavendish is the most aware of the true nature
behind the illusion. Astarte knows the history, but
Cavendish is familiar with the beings who power the
circus. If Cavendish learns that the place is being investi-
gated, he will claim that Dr. Owl is the real master of the
place. This is a claim the old scientist is swift to comply
with, fully believing it. Cavendish will apply all of his fast-
talk and charm to this direction, stating that he does know
some hedge magic and believes that the circus itself traps
souls and unfortunates (like himself) there. Once away
from any investigators, he will do all within his power to
protect his home against interlopers.

Note: Cavendish is in charge of the acts under the Big
Top. He is a showman and diplomat, possessing an eye for
talent. In a pinch he must be able to fill in as an animal
trainer, a clown, a juggler or equestrian director.

Agenda: Cavendish seeks to pay off the Wyrm and
infernal powers and recreate the circus in his own image.
He gathers most of the spiritual profits from the daily soul
exchange. Ultimately this process would make him a dark
Incarna, able to cast his own presence over the entire
carnival. To a small extent this has already begun;
Cavendish is already skimming from the profits in such a
way that it is impossible to follow the ghost trail of
exchange and counter-exchange.

Only his servant, Mr. Flint, has an inkling of what
Cavendish is planning. If Cavendish reaches his goal, he
may keep Astarte and Calabris on. Failing this, he'll try to
escape with some of the profits and set up his own carni-
val. The first option is much easier, as he has infested the
place and concentrated himself there. The second option
is only viable if he loses to the Wyrm and infernal forces
that are gaining on him.

Personal Items

eeee Eye of Kadir

Arete 4, Quintessence 20

An emerald-pupiled eye peers out of the palm of
Cavendish's right hand. Cavendish usually covers the eye
with a glove, but reveals it to various authorities and
enemies of the circus. The Eye of Kadir is an infernal
Investment, bargained for at great cost. The eye is a mirror
replica of the original Eye of Kadir, an item beyond value
in certain mage and Garou groups. Cavendish's eye pos-
sesses level four in Mind Sphere (used for Possession and
Control Minds). Cavendish alters the memories of those
who look into it, or possesses the people as slaves. He uses
the eye on local authorities, reporters and enemies of the
circus, and considers it a good investment. Not all of its
properties are known; it does run on its own Quintessence.
Bargaining as much as he does with Apophis and the
Wyrm, Cavendish wanted a third Investment as insurance
against the other two.

eeeee The Entropy Watch

Arete 5, Quintessence 15

When pointed at a life-form when the stop-hand
button is hit, the watch causes the target to decay and
deteriorate with frightening rapidity. Much as if hit by
the Entropy Effect "Blight of Aging," the life-form will
effectively age five years for each success scored on the
magick Effect roll. Cavendish can have the watch run
backward to reverse the Effect; he may use this as a
bargaining chip.

The Entropy Watch's power is not drawn from a Node,
but from the Quintessence of life energy. An ornate Edwardian
watch, carried in a gold casing, it hangs from a chain on
Cavendish's vest. It is the focus of much of Cavendish's
magick, and is attuned to Cavendish only.

Quote: I have 53.7 percent controlling interest in my own
soul! Those fools on the Board of Directors can't even get their act
together to collect. You there, sir, you look like a betting man. I
have a little wager . . .

i Be Ca > mn a aa a ae me Me ia a i MD Se Se Se Me

CHAPTER TWO: THE WHOLE SICK CREW


tH Ps ry
DAY A AZ

66 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CHARTER THREE:
THE CIRCUS

GENERAL APPEARANCE

During the day, the Midnight Circus appears as a
somewhat shabby, medium-size circus. The tents are
gaily festooned, but badly weathered and the colors are
faded. The canvas is mildewed, and the carnival's brightly
painted wagons are peeling.

As night falls, the carnival takes on a sinister, neon
grandeur. The lights glowing through the tents and the
many rides are lurid cascades of color. The circus may
take ona hypnotic, nightmare quality that drives some of
its victims to strange acts of desperation. Its perimeter
becomes indistinct; tents that weren't there a minute
ago appear unexpectedly. Some people, trancelike, even
enter these tents, only to walk into a completely unex-
pected vista such as their childhood homes or the Atrocity
Realm.

ATTRACTIONS

Next comes the Valley of Bewilderment,

A place of pain and gnawing discontent

Each second you will sigh, and every breath

Will be a sword to make you long for death;

Blinded by grief, you will not recognize

The days and nights that pass before your eyes

— Farid-Din Attar, The Conference of the Birds

The actual playbill of the circus varies from town to
town and night to night, but there is a consistent core of
standard acts. Storytellers are encouraged to embellish
the acts to strike personal chords with the troupe; if one
of the characters is being hunted by the Followers of Set,
a snake-handling act, carefully and elegantly described,
may well send chills down the player's back.

Pee ap ee a a a a a a a a i a a a a a A

CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_—A_A—_A_A__A_

What follows are descriptions of the "generic" shows
circus visitors may well encounter.

THE BIG TOF

Small in comparison to the big tops of most world-class
circuses, the big top here still dwarfs all the other structures in
the carnival. The tent is dark blue and decorated with stylized
astrological symbols. Most of the tent's ceiling is predominated
by the circus's symbol, a stylized crescent man-in-the-moon
with a serpent coiled around his eye. The big top houses all the
circus's headline acts. These include Calabris's magic show, the
Bishop's "Family Clown Revue," and all the other animal,
aerialist and clown acts that one would expect to find in a
medium-size circus. The Big Top Show costs four dollars and
one Snare to enter. (For information on Snares and Barbs, the
carnival's mystical traps, see page 86.)

Crowds are ushered into the big top amidst the fanfare
of music and mimes. The tent seems somehow larger on the
inside. Clowns tumble, juggle and perform various antics
while the audience is seated. Then the spotlights go wild,
finally converging on the lone figure of the Ringmaster.
"Ladies and gentlemen, children of all ages , welcome to Anastagio' s
Olde Time Lunar Carnival and Midnight Circus!" he an-
nounces, doffing his top hat. Drums roll, and the clowns
release doves from cages. Beneath the lights the birds change
color into exotic, tropical displays of wonder before vanish-
ing into the upper air of the tent.

Tue Eouestrian Act

As the last birds disappear, four riderless horses thunder
into the tent, galloping around the ring. The clowns are
suddenly silent, and the Ringmaster steps out of the lime-
light. The clowns roll out a large hoop and set it in the path
of the horses; the Ringmaster lights it on fire. The horses leap
through, one by one, emerging with a rider as they do so.
"Ladies and gentlemen, the remarkable DeEquesto family!"

Bellicus and Morrell perform rare gymnastic feats on
horseback while Messora and Filipo shoot flaming arrows
into the audience. The arrows dissolve before contact.

Bellicus and Morrell somersault onto each other's steeds.
Messora plays the violin while riding, and Filipo balances a
sword on his chin, standing bareback as his steed rears up on
her back legs. At various points the horses perform tricks
with their front legs in the air, gallop backward, waltz and
march the Spanish Walk. Cavendish lights the hoop and sets
it in place. Rider and horse go through together to the
applause of the audience.

Tue Amazing Pactperms!

Next come two Asian elephants, Friedreich and Lou,
with their trainer, Klaus Rahn. Two acrobats, Jean and
Collette Raison, ride their backs. After introductions by the

Ringmaster, the performance begins. The elephants perform
various tricks with their riders, lifting them up and tossing
them on their backs, dancing with them (trunks holding the
person ina waltz), even sitting and balancing acts. Friedreich,
the male elephant, balances ona large pedestal stand with his
two front legs while Jean performs a handstand on his back.
Following this, Lou assembles a large seesaw, moving the
pieces into place with her trunk. Collette stands on one end
of the seesaw: Lou places her two front legs on the other end,
sending Collette flying into the air. Collette performs a
double somersault and lands on Lou's back.

At the close of the show Friedreich and Lou play Frisbee
with each other, tossing large hoops with their trunks. Then
they are led out of the big top as the acrobats prepare
themselves.

AERIAL PERFORMANCE

The acrobats appear on the trapeze, 40 feet above the
ground. Collette leaps into the air from her trapeze, caught
by her husband Jean. The other performers, Jean's brother
Guy and Aubrey Dutetre, emerge on the tightrope, juggling.
Guy and Aubrey join Jean and Collette on the trapezes,
performing amazing catches and somersaults over the abyss.
The aerial performers next crowd the tightrope, with each
member getting more daring. Aubrey does a forward flip and
catches himself; Jean balances Collette and Guy on a wood
piece on his head while walking the wire.

The final act of the aerial show is Collette's solo, an
aerial ballet act to violin music. Moving with aristocratic
grace, she performs intricate maneuvers through a series of
rings and swings. The contortionist acrobat's motions are
slow, almost languid, while the audience waits, enthralled in
her dance. Collette ends her display with a series of flips and
catches which leave the crowd breathless.

Dancing Dervisttes!

Sergei Gumilyov, attired in traditional Armenian at-
tire, claps his hands and his dancers enter. They wear native
Georgian and Armenian costumes. The men wear trousers,
white shirts and long Cossack-style coats; the women, velvet
jackets worn over long blue dresses. To the accompaniment
of Persian flutes, drums and the 72-stringed santur, the
dancers perform their spectacular show. During a traditional
dervish dance, Sergei claps his hands and the dancers be-
come perfectly frozen in their movements, maintaining
impossible poses. At a second clap of Sergei's hands, they
resume their dance. (During the day the performers are
mimes, ride operators and vendors.)

Tiders of Borneo ano Arctic Wowes Act

Four tigers jump through flaming hoops at the command
of the animal trainer, Bill Biloc. The tigers also sit up, jump
onto various platforms and stand upright in a line with their
front paws on each other's backs. After the tiger show ends,

vVivVvwgVT"TVYVWYYWYigy¥yYegSY¥YsS§¥iviivgvivy# vVegvyieviov vv vva

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

the spotlight lands on an additional cage where six large
wolves are waiting. The wolves also jump through flaming
hoops, play volleyball on teams, and perform various doggy
tricks. The performance concludes with the wolves howling
a wretched version of "Animal Fair" while Mr. Biloc con-
ducts. With a successful Perception roll, characters may
notice the unusual size and physical ugliness of the wolves. A
Garou may sense the kinship; these are Black Spiral Dancers
in Hispo form, now chained to the circus.

Note: These six Black Spiral Dancers allied with the
Midnight Circus long ago, believing it to be sent from the
Wyrm. Once there they sank to the dual role of watchdogs
and animal acts. Trapped in Hispo form, they serve the
Midnight Circus as guards and trackers. Together with the
DeEquestos, they hunt escapees and enemies of the circus.
Their life belongs to the circus now, but their names are/
were: Maggirk, Moon-Scar, Dugluck, BloodBane, Laff Dancer
and Shadow Splatter.

Sample Hispo Black Spiral Dancer:

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 7, Stamina 8

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Damage: +1 Bite damage, Difficulty: 7

Tue Maaie Snow

Calabris's show combines a light, humorous patter with
dazzling illusions. The master of misdirection's favorite tricks
involve transformation. Assistants leap through fiery metal
hoops, changing clothes and even metamorphing from one
person to another in the process. The big top itself seems to
change under his sway. Audience members may notice their
clothing changing colors. Flocks of ephemeral birds swoop
around the tent's ceiling, casting rippling shadows through-
out the crowd. These disappear and reappear with but a word
from the conjurer. Most audience members conclude that it
is all done with mirrors, though some credit "that new morph
technology they have these days." Calabris' magic show,
while brilliantly performed, contains no supernatural ele-
ments to it. Calabris is a world-class stage magician in his
own right and does nothing to arouse suspicion of his

Chimerstry powers.

Tue Bistor's Faw Crown Revue

The circus tries hard to project a "family values" image.
To this end, the Bishop's show is one of the circus's most
valuable assets. The Bishop is usually billed as a funny wise
man. His show has a bright and wholesome air to it. The
Bishop's disciples dance and caper around him, prompting
laughter, cheers and nods of agreement from the captivated
audience. The show varies from night to night, but always
contains gaudily produced parables. Overtly religious in
nature, they may nevertheless be interpreted in any number
of ways. (An atheist may see it as a sly parody of religion,

mv vViOoVvyOovVwWwivygYVYg$wiv VV V@&wWvVV«'G'VSésieke}'_iouev#+éiooqvivyv
CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS 69

while a religious person may see it as either a profound
religious statement, or as an attack ona rival denomination.)
Despite these varying interpretations, the show is, in the
end, rather banal. Those who prefer a bit more spice to their
comedy may prefer Koba's show.

This ends the big top show. To the fanfare of Bishop's
clown orchestra, the performers take their bows and the
audience empties from the stands. The Ringmaster an-
nounces additional performances and rides on the grounds,
stressing the Renaissance Fair, Museum of Oddities and

his own gambling tent as examples.

SEND INTHE CLOWNS

There are three clown acts in the circus. The big

top clowns belong to the Bishop's troupe, while Koba

and Blotto's troupes are "excommunicated" to
smaller venues.

Kopa's Progressive Crown Stow
ie Next to the big top is a red tent with
yellow stars. Outside the entrance a
clown wearing a sandwich sign advertises
"Koba's Progressive Clown Show!" People leaving
the big top are lured into this side tent. Spectators
can almost detect a feeling of historic anticipation as
they enter the stands. An unseen band plays a
happy tune with serious martial overtones.

The interior looms with large propaganda
posters dedicated to Koba's genius. The iconog-
raphy is amazing. Giant posters fall from above,
proclaiming "Progressive Clowning Will Lead Man-
kind To A Happier Future," "Under Koba, All Clowns
Are Fun, All Children Happy" and "Tragedy is Comedy."
Accompanying pictures display happy citizens applauding
the humble, messianic clown who is leading the forces of
progressive humor into a utopian future. In art reminis-
cent of the worse kitsch appeal of Norman Rockwell,
battalions of clowns march shoulder to shoulder down the
great road of history under their leader's beneficent gaze.

Suddenly horns sound. Clowns in working clothes
tumble out of a secret trap door on the arena floor. The
music builds. A clown dressed as a bishop steals the wallet
of a working clown. Then the music climaxes, a poster rolls
up into the rafters, revealing Koba the Klown surrounded
by two burly joeys with clubs. Koba puffs calmly on his pipe,
serenely observing the antics of the bishop. Shaking his
head slowly, he strolls behind the thief and nonchalantly
bludgeons him with a tire iron to the accompaniment of
tuba music. The working clown gets his wallet back. All
applaud the start of the show.

The antics of Koba's Progressive Clown Show are
crude at best. Koba is always in control. No tricks are
performed on him, nor does he go in for self-abasing theat-

m™ y vvvvVV VY VY VY VY VY VV VY VY VY WV WY WY WY
10 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_


A_A_A _A _A

ae

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A_A_A_A

tics; that is for the other clowns. Koba stands at \ : fF

attention, guarded by his thugs in greasepaint, |
|
i

introducing the acts and commenting in a soft-
spoken, reasonable manner. The other clowns defer
to his "superior wisdom." They juggle, steal, and
perform somersaults, mimicking Bishop's clown show
with crude anecdotes. Clowns tumble out of a nun's
dress; clowns chase dwarfs dressed as parodies
of Bishop's troupe. A lot of clubbing goes on.
Atone pointa lazy tramp clown tries to light
an oversized cigar and catches on fire. Koba
points at him and laughs as firemen clowns
struggle with a rebellious hose.

Between acts, Koba's head toady,
dressed in a three-piece suit, questions
the social value of certain actions. The
crowd is subjected to Koba kicking his
sycophant, inducing hilarious spins, rolls
and falls. Koba patiently explains to the crowd
the inevitability of humor evolving by certain
ironclad historical laws into a distant utopian future
where all will be allowed to laugh.

The grand finale comes when Koba gathers his
followers together. To the accompaniment of dramatic
music and spotlights, he solemnly announces
that there is a traitor in their midst, an unwit-
ting tool of the various retrohumor forces at
work under another tent. The spotlight falls
on Stephan, a thin clown clad in suspenders.
Koba points at him, and Stephan bolts as Koba's
followers pick up sticks. They chase him in and
out of the aisles and around the tent. Stephan
rolls his eyes and froths at the mouth, looking
genuinely terrified. Then he spots a unicycle in
the arena center and climbs on, trying to pedal
to safety. A dramatic drumroll follows.

Suddenly a large poster is unrolled
("Enemies of Progressive Humor Be-
ware!"), anda giant bear ona motorcycle
crashes through it. The clown sees the
bear and lets out a blood-curdling scream.
Stephan pedals furiously, but the uni-
cycle is soon overtaken. "Even brute beasts
understand Koba's wise stewardship of en-
tertainment and leap to defend his noble
vision," Koba announces. The bear
circles the clown like a shark, doing do-
nuts around the doomed unicycle. When
the drum roll reaches fever pitch, the
giant bear scoops up the traitor and de-
vours him. Koba's loyal clowns applaud
wildly, as their leader nods sagely. The
bear spits out a floppy shoe and is led
away by the clowns. The show ends.

av VviVviovyiwisivysés VW VY Viv vowyvysyvyg¥VvyYG§£ivVv VV
CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS

7
11


A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_|

Many spectators find the humor a bit barbaric, a combina-
tion of the Three Stooges and Attila the Hun. Others laugh,
"That guy with the hammer and flamethrower, he's funny!"
Characters whosuccessfully roll Perception + Empathy (difficulty
7) will realize that a pall of violence lies thickly over the crowd.
Some spectators are disgusted, but the majority applaud the show,
finding the dismal acts genuinely funny. If a player makes the
Perception roll during the show's climax, she will realize that the
clown really is being devoured by the bear. If she tries to prevent
this, the Glamour Veil cast over the Midnight Circus will compel
those in the stands to interpret a rescue attempt as part of the act.
Embarrassing anticsand tuba music accompany the players if they
tush the floor. Koba will be whisked away by his guards. One
clown will produce a flamethrower while another pulls a
handgun; the remainder spill oil on the floor and toss
marbles underfoot. The bear will also attack.

Garou using the Gift: Scent of the True Form will
tealize the bear isa Gurahl, one of the few werebears.
Attempting to stop the bear from devouring the
clown will only result in a battle; the Gurahl will not
listen to reason. Careful observation will reveal that

the Gurahl's will is enthralled. The best way to rescue
the Gurahl is to approach him in the Penumbra or find
him between shows. Chained to the circus and Koba's
will, he has forgotten his true nature. Appealing to the
captive's true nature (Charisma + Empathy, difficulty 7)
will gradually reawaken the Gurahl's memory. His human
name is Dimitri, and he can make an excellent ally.
Between the shows, Koba is surrounded by his
followers. Observant characters may spot a clown who
was in Bishop's show earlier reporting to Koba. There is
obviously bad blood between Koba and Bishop, based on
the parodies worked into Koba's act. A character who
talks with Koba will soon learn that the clown has far
more on his mind, namely usurping Bishop to be-
come the chief clown of the Midnight Circus.
Allying with Koba might notbea bad move; despite his
paranoia and dogmatic entertainment beliefs, he has a
spy ting of loyal, if not fearful, clowns and a werebear
servant. Koba is also not without his own abilities. In
return for any aid, he will demand that the players aid
him in his plans to remove Bishop from the scene.

Buorro rie Crown ano Crows ALLEY

"The mirth the clown creates grows in proportion
to the humiliation he is forced to endure," Buffo
continued, refilling his glass with vodka. "And yet, too,
you might say, might you not, that the clown is the very
image of Christ."

— Angela Carter, "Nights at the Circus"

Blotto usually stands before a side tent, dishev-
eled, hung over and puffing ona cheap cigar, where he
hands out balloons. Another clown performs a jug-
gling act. In the tent beyond, clowns lie collapsed on
Army surplus cots or languidly apply makeup. Blotto's

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A—A_A_A_A_A

seven clowns work the carnival, making balloon animals,
performing juggling and tumbling acts, or passing out fliers and
gifts. They become animated for the first couple of days at a
new location, but then disappear into their tent in Clown
Alley. It is easy to spot the wasted, helpless look in their eyes.
Unwanted by both Bishop and Koba, Blotto's clowns are
the rejects and outcasts of the circus hierarchy. The Midnight
Circus has ground them down and is about to devour them.
They are skeletal scarecrows stripped of all desire. Many turn
to mind-numbing drugs or alcohol provided by other circus
personnel. Within their tent they can be seen sleeping and
nodding off, aware of their fate but unable to fight it. The
stench of decay and cheap alcohol permeates their tent. It is
not uncommon for one of the clowns to be hallucinating with
acase of the DTs, screaming about gluttonous monsters. One
of the most unnerving sights is seeing the faceless men of
Clown Alley apply the greasepaint and create their faces.

Blotto is the leader and the most alert of the denizens of
Clown Alley. He drinks too much, chases the women, and tells
off-color jokes, but can be a genuinely funny performer. The
others perform, but only the bare minimum. Blotto's clowns are
soon to exit their earthly careers, victims of the infernal hunger
which waits for all those who enter the Midnight Circus.

Characters may gather information from Blotto's clowns.
The clowns are aware that there are dark, destructive forces at
work, but no concrete name or shape for their fears. They don't
trust most of the major players. Unfortunately, there is little
that can be done to help them. Even if physically removed
from the Midnight Circus, they will only have wasted half-
lives left to them. The scars of the circus are permanent.

RIDES & AMUSEMENTS

And the angels, all pallid and wan,

Uprising, unveiling, affirm

That the play is the tragedy, "Man,"

And its hero the Conqueror Worm.

-— Edgar Allen Poe, "The Conqueror Worm"

THE TUNNEL OF UNMENTIONABLE DESIRES

Lee Carmody sits in his booth before the Tunnel of
Love, a bored old man reading pornographic literature
from the 1950s. The lemur perched on his shoulder
seems to be following the book as well with a mildly
interested look. Over years of observation, he has learned
to pick up on subliminal body language. If someone has
an appetite for depravity, Carmody will spot them.

In the daytime the Tunnel of Love is harmless enough.
The ride (seating two to a car) goes through a dark tunnel
along a "river" (actually just a trough) where various
mechanical terrors pop out at the customers. By the ride's
end, most have a slight feeling of violation.

At night the tunnel entrance looms like a gaping mouth.
Carmody seats passengers, then pulls the lever. The car enters
the tunnel and suddenly splashes into a dark river, much
deeper than the trough. Greasy smoke hangs in the air. The
funhouse images take on a ghastly life of their own at night.
Floating corpses bob up against the craft, holding trays of fancy
chocolates in their stiffened fingers, with more stuffed into
their mouths. Behind a glass panel, a 19th century policeman
is chained to a monkey organ grinder. The miserable man
dances spiritlessly while the monkey turns the music box. A
hollow-eyed corpse, pinned to a cross with a red, white and
blue-ribboned stake, rises out of the water before the boat.

The craft turns a corner with a jolt, revealing a sensual
young woman lounging on fur pelts, ignoring the advances of a
desperate clown. She finally drops an article of her clothing in
the water. Laughing, the clown dives in after it. Phosphorescent
tentacles rise around him and swiftly drag him down, while the
maiden ignores his struggles. His bubbles eventually cease. A
grinning ape pounds a drum while strange shapes seem to dance
in the outer darkness. They approach the boat, but the tentacles
rise again, pulling the shadows downward. Suddenly the half-
light is extinguished, and frightening laughter echoes throughout
the cavern. The tentacles can be seen boiling up under the
waters beside the boat. The next thing the riders know, the boat
bangs through the end doors, and the ride is over. Carmody
winks and helps the passengers out of the boat.

Most people will leave the ride feeling disoriented, but
the details of what horrified them will tend to blur. Those who
take the ride at night gain three Snares and lose two points of
temporary Willpower upon leaving the ride.

The wraith behind the glass is real. The ingeniously con-
structed "shield" consists of the same substance that coats the lens
of the Ghost Glasses. The staked corpse is a vampire, the pelts are
werewolf skins, and the young woman is actually a sidhe. Players
may seek to free the wraith, or examine other aspects of the ride.

A Scrag spirit in monkey form guards the wraith (Rage 10,
Gnosis 4, Willpower 6, Power 40). If the wraith is freed, he will
reveal his history and some circus lore. His name is Luke
Carpenter, a police detective from Chicago who had been sent
to investigate some mishaps relating to the circus in 1880.
Slain by the pack of Black Spiral Dancers in the animal show,
his spirit has been chained to the circus eversince. He has no
Snares or Barbs. If the characters take Carpenter immediately
to one of Cara's safety zones, he can go free.

The tentacles do four Health Levels of aggravated dam-
age upon contact. They seek to drag down psychically weak
targets — people already consumed by the circus — to the
Defiler Wyrm. If pursued, the path leads into the Umbra and
eventually into the mouth of the Wyrm itself. The path
begins in the water of the ride and continues downward
through various Bane-infested challenges. The road is simi-
lar to the Black Spiral Labyrinth in Malfeas, where each of
the nine levels represents a different physical or psychologi-
cal battle. In the past, a few fanatic Black Spiral Dancers
have leaped into the river, attempting to free the Wyrm.

vyvyeeyvyesvyesvyee'vyvevevrevrevievrivvivrivreiv vv

CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

If questioned, Lee Carmody reveals that the Mid-
night Circus is a magic zone which reveals all desires. He
truly believes that there are beneficial aspects to it.
"When you see your desires stripped outta their cos-
tumes, you come out the wiser. It's the classic trip, the
heroes going to the underworld. I wish them politicians
could take it, but we usually have to scrape them off the
poles. Self-knowledge ain't meant for all." Mr. Carmody
believes in the existence of vampires, werewolves and
wraiths; if threatened, he explains that the creatures
within the ride are reflections of the viewer's mind.
Carmody is merely the barker at the front door; the
power behind the ride has its own agenda. He is unaware
of the Wyrm-tainted gateway.

THEPERRIS WHEEL

The Ferris wheel is mundane to all except those in
the Shadowlands. There it appears as a whirling vortex
of near-Maelstrom intensity. The howling, sooty wind
that blows through its skeletal frame exerts a nearly
irresistible pull on all wraiths who come near it. Wraiths
with Argos may even see a massive, black serpent coiled
around the wheel, biting its own tail. The serpent is a
manifestation of Apophis, and is strong with entropy and
Oblivion energies. Wraiths who get too close to the
wheel must make a Stamina + Argos roll (difficulty 7) to
escape. They may make subsequent rolls, but the diffi-
culty increases by one each round. Once the difficulty
reaches 10, the number of successes needed increases
each round. Wraiths caught by the wheel lose first a
point of Pathos each hour, then lose their Willpower and
finally Corpus as they are ground into Oblivion. The
only other possible route out is by riding the Maelstrom
to its center. This may be done by purposely inducing a
Harrowing (see Wraith: The Oblivion 2nd Edition).
Wraiths who escape via a Harrowing find themselves
inside one of their circus Fetters. They also gain two
Snares. Wraiths may escape the carnival by destroying the
Ferris wheel, but they must destroy its Shadowlands form
(via level three Castigate or level five Argos) and its
physical shell (probably with the help of allies) at the
same time.

XANADU'S MIRROR PALACE

A large, baroque-facgade building greets visitors with
the sign "Xanadu's Mirror Palace: Hall of Reflections and
Mirror Maze!" Oddly framed mirrors set outside the ex-
hibit display the usual funhouse delights: squat reflections,
elongated visions and various peculiar angles that distort
and exaggerate the body. Once inside, the visitor enters
the Hall of Reflections. Un-Awakened humans may feel

that there is something a bit odd and disturbing about the
wall-to-wall mirrors, but pass it off as part of the atmo-
sphere. Garou find that their reflections reveal their
frenzied animal natures, while Kindred are portrayed as
grotesque, bloodthirsty caricatures of themselves. A Per-
ception check (especially during the night hours) can
reveal flashes of alternate realities in the mirrors. Scenes
vanish and change, often confusing the viewer. Wraiths
may be visible in some mirrors, but never to the un-
Awakened.

As midnight approaches, the images become darker
and more personalized. Repressed memories and shameful
secrets are played out in the mirrors; shadowy figures
appear as lost or dead friends, beckoning the viewer to join
them. Each mirror now serves as a passageway. A few lead
to idyllic, peaceful places, but most open into strange
dreamscapes. The longer a person lingers in a "pocket,"
the greater her chances of becoming permanently trapped.
(Roll Perception + Alertness, difficulty 7 + 1 per minute
to find the exit passage.) Here the Infernal Trinity feeds
their enemies to the mirrors, sacrificing them to the
infernal powers which abound there.

Most of the mirror-realms are shadow-haunted places.
A few lead to stairways that wind in downward spirals,
coiling like a slumbering serpent. The overwhelming
sense of fear in these places is so thick that explorers
must make a Willpower check to continue (with the
difficulty increasing the farther down one goes.) The
alert will notice Egyptian hieroglyphics inscribed into
the walls, which an Egyptologist, linguist with hiero-
glyphics or occultist will recognize as similar to those
found in the Book of the Dead. The air grows thicker and
musty with age, along with a horrible sense of dread.
Invisible infernal beings dwell here, attacking any who
enter their realm as potential prey. Their laughter some-
times floats up the stairwell, warning of what lurks
below. The air at the bottom is almost too difficult to
breathe. Corrupted Snake Gafflings crawl in masses at
the end of the staircase. Only the mad or suicidal con-
tinue beyond this point.

Tainted Snake Gafflings
Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5, Power 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Corruption, Materialize, Paralyzing
Stare (Cost 1; Snake rolls Gnosis versus target's Willpower.
The target is frozen for one round per success the snake rolls
over the target's score), Possession

The Mirror Maze comes next. A true maze of mir-
rors, it isa confounding but entertaining mental exercise.
Unfortunately, some of the mirrors are gateways, and
people have entered this section late at night, never to
return. The maze is like the labyrinth of the Minotaur,
spiraling gradually to a central area with only one exit.
The central area is an open room surrounded by onyx-

14 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

VvvVvTVvT VvwviveigvTwWivwivpeétfevy#eOovéik#ewviovséiowytfv fe


AA _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A_A_A_A_<A4

adorned mirrors, each carrying interlocking snake de-
signs around their glass frames. A chill, damp wind blows
through this room. At night the mirrors take on a strange
luster. Two of them are infernal portals.

Entering the largest mirror will lead to a dark abode
where a massive intelligence will strip its prey like a cat
playing with mice. This is one of the passages to Apophis
(the other being the Ferris wheel). Those who enter this
portal are paralyzed by an invisible weight and ques-
tioned by a crushing intellect, merely interrogation for
interrogation's sake. The force remains invisible, but the
victim temporarily loses 1 point of Intelligence for every
turn the entity bears down. Characters must roll Will-
power (difficulty 8) to escape, or be spiritually devoured
and stripped of their intellect. Far too many circusgoers
have left the Mirror Maze as mindless zombies.

The other portal with the snake design opens to
reveal a vampire pinned down by stakes. He declares
himself to be Mordblund, a Tremere and a former
member of the Infernal Trinity. Begging to be released
from his infernal prison, the vampire will make any
promise to lure victims in. However, would-be rescuers
are punctured by invisible wounds, and Mordblund
feeds on their blood even as they try to free him, blood
flowing through the air to his thirsty throat. Mordblund
is thinner and more shrunken in appearance than his
mirror image suggests. He has been kept barely alive by
Apophis to be bait for vampires. The longer a visitor
stays, the more replenished Mordblund will become.
Mordblund can be slain, and a Kindred may try to drink
his blood (he is 5th Generation). Any rescue or diablerie
attempts must be quick, however; the portal is slowly
closing while the characters are in this pocket realm.
Once it closes, they are trapped as well and may become
food for the starving elder.

At night, characters may sometimes see a little girl
in ancient Egyptian clothing reflected in the mirrors
from every direction, but not physically appearing. She
wears two arm bracelets of intertwining serpents, badges
of her role as the Messenger of Apophis. Other mirrors in
the maze reveal trapped wraiths and dark spirits who
mock those in the labyrinth. The way out is difficult to
find, requiring time and several Intelligence checks. The
mirrors shift constantly, further altering the maze's
pattern. When the infernal powers are truly hungry,
they can block all exits. Some may opt for smashing
the mirrors to resolve things. This only complicates
the problem because it leaves gaping holes into the
world of Apophis.

By day the maze has a disturbing otherworldly feel;
by night it is truly a place of the damned. Possibly worst
of all are the images of a character's hopes which flicker
and die across the mirrors just before the final exit.

vrvvevvvvrevvrvvivrevi ivv iv VY WV WWW>
CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS 15

AA _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

MERRY-GO-ROUND

Fantastically carved beasts from fable and myth make up
this unique carousel. Dragons, griffins, unicorns and sphinxes,
asure to the eye if nota

painted with exacting detail, are a p
little unnerving. Minor infernal spirits hover about the place.
On acommand word given by one of the Infernal Trinity, the
beasts animate into fierce killers for the space of an earthly
hour. They were created to protect the Midnight Circus, and
are believed to possess infernal ephemeral spirits. There are 20
mythical beasts, four of each fantastic kind mentioned above.
Carousel Beast
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Manipula-
tion 3, Appearance 5, Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 5, Animal Ken 2, Brawl 5, Melee 5
Willpower 6, Rage 5, Gnosis 7; Power 45
Other: Bites are difficulty 5 and do Strength + 1 damage
(1 action per turn). The claws are difficulty 6, Strength +
2 damage, | action per turn (count the unicorn's horn as
a claw attack). The number of creatures that animate to
do battle depends on the Storyteller.
Note: These creatures can also attack wraiths, and should
be counted as barghests.

ARCADEIA

I dream in my dream all the dreams of the other dreamers,

And I become the other dreamers.

— Walt Whitman, "Leaves of Grass"

This wood building contains a collection of pinball,
video and interactive games from the 1940s to the present.
Mechanical Buddhas tell fortunes for a quarter. Nickel
pinball machines and cheesecake postcards line one end;
the other contains the newest Pentex-Tellus interactive
arcade machines. It's easy to get lost in the games, as
they're surprisingly cheap and enthralling. Several kids
enter in the day and leave well after dark, wondering
where the time went. While some games (especially the
Tellus ones) contain Banes, many are safe, overlaid with
slightly entropic energy-sapping spells. Two of the more
notable games are:

Kill Wolf: Help Ol' One-Eye get his elite troupe of
Action Bill commandos to the Indian village, bringing
much-needed medical supplies while being waylaid by
frenzied werewolves. The graphics are fantastic; the
game opens with an old shaman mocking the player,
"You will never save the children in time."

WORLD OF DARKN

: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

Viwivyvpev¥vi$vVV VitV¥iwWwivitvéivéese}_vitbwviYisVviewi=éov éf,


A_A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Urban Warrior: Play popular martial arts characters
Morgoth, Delores Rosa, Puncho Villa, T. Rhino and
Tojo Tanaka as they battle their way across the world to
earn the prize offered by the Snake Temple to the great-
est urban warrior of all. This game is the basis for the hit
film, cartoon, novella, TV series and T-shirt merchan-
dising empire which reigns supreme despite the growing
popularity of Black Dog Games' City Fighter.

Staying in Arcadeia long enough earns two Snares.
Returning day after day leaves one a candidate for Bane
possession, something like a Mall Walker (see Book of
the Wyrm). Arcade Walkers possess the same traits as
their shopping cousins.

Arcade Walkers
Rage 2, Willpower 3, Gnosis 4, Power 10
Charms: Drain Mental Attributes (Power Cost 5/week;
drains one level of Mental Attribute from the host per
week, converting it into 10 Power points for the Bane),
Possession

The victim becomes a witless idiot, drained of all
higher intelligence functions. The young are not the
only ones in danger; older patrons get addicted to video
blackjack, poker and especially solitaire. Arcade Walk-
ers haunt Arcadeia, and after the circus leaves they
migrate to various arcades in the local area.

Minox Divertissements

Kiddie Carousels: There are four carousels for the
four-and-under set. Their respective themes involve cars,
trains, animals and rocket ships. There is currently noth-
ing harmful about them.

The Tilting Cage: This is a circular platform where
people are locked into cages. The platform rises and
spins until centrifugal force holds the people in place.

Spinning Octopus: Eight arms hold barred seats
which spin clockwise, rising and dropping in the air. Like
the Tilting Cage, characters should avoid it after eating.

Bumper Cars: Done ina 1950s style, the bumper car
tide can cause minor damage. A zone of hostility sur-
rounds the area, and people tend to take out old grudges
on each other.

Mini Roller Coaster: The roller coaster has a couple
of steep climbs and drops before descending into a series
of little climbs and falls. It's nowhere near a major theme
park roller coaster, but fun nonetheless.

Ring Toss: A simple "Land the rings on the bottles"
game. It looks easier than it is.

Yukon Hunting Gallery: This air rifle gallery boasts
a variety of natural and supernatural targets (including a
representation of J.R. "Bob" Dobbs). Deer, moose, wolves,
cougars, UFOs, yetis and werewolves are some of the
moving targets. At night some of the figures briefly

appear as personal enemies and rivals. Like the bumper
car ride, an air of hostility hangs over the shooting
galley. Some people leave the stand muttering about
settling old scores. Sometimes a circus hand covertly
lends a real gun to the departing patrons.

Nevada Pete's Photo Saloon: Circusgoers can dress
in the uniform of a Confederate general, an old miner or
a saloon gal from the Old West. For the lovers of ancient
history, Roman togas, medieval robes and Renaissance
fashions are ready in the costume rack. The on-the-spot
photos are available for a moderate fee. Unfortunately,
the costumes are real and possess ephemeral memories of
their original owners, which seep into the minds of the
innocent costume-wearers. Dreams and memories of other
lives follow, striking in random fashion. These haunting
images have driven some mad and even to suicide.

ATTRACTIONS
THE QUEEN'S OWN THEATER & PUPPET SHOW

A makeshift wooden stage is set up near the en-
trance to the Renaissance Fair; the stage area is done
in a checkerboard design. The backdrop (where the
actors change) depicts the 15th century London sky-
line, with a crude representation of the Globe Theater.
Performers usually use the area between the puppet
theater and Shakespeare acts. Clown jugglers from
Bishop's and Koba's troupes perform here, as do Vesuvius
the Fire-eater, Rhingwaine the minstrel and Orenda.
Performers, mainly circus dancers and clowns, perform
"The Best of Shakespeare" twice daily. This act in-
cludes scenes from The Taming of the Shrew, Julius
Caesar, Romeo and Juliet, Much Ado About Nothing,
Richard III, Hamlet and Henry V. Although mere snip-
pets, they are quite popular with crowds.

The Puppet Show is an elaborate affair. Run by two
of Bishop's skilled clowns, a large theater is set up
where children laugh and squeal to performances, like
"Ivan the Hunter and the Bad Werewolf," "The Stingy
Shopkeeper" and "The Princess Who Loved The Moon."
Generally speaking, the themes are what can be ex-
pected from a Wyrm-infested and infernal carnival.
"The Princess Who Loved The Moon" is the sole excep-
tion. It is a beautiful piece about a young princes who,
tiring of clumsy suitors, loves the moon for its purity.
Visually, the princess puppet has a slight resemblance
to Astarte.

At certain unannounced times, Cavendish and
Astarte will play a human chess game on the black-and-
red stage floor, using audience members to portray the
pieces. Any pieces who are "captured" are released
unharmed.

vvvivovivvvivvyvevyvvyvvyvvyvwvyv iw Ww WW

CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

THE MUSEUM OF ODDITIES

This here's the manticore. Man's head, lion's body, tail of a
scorpion. Captured at midnight, eating werewolves to sweeten its
breath. Creatures of night, brought to light.

— Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn

The Museum of Oddities is a wood and metal building set
between Koba's tentand Arcadeia. The building isa windowless
structure where visitors are ushered through a labyrinthine maze
of walls by the spectral Dr. Owl. There is one entrance and one
exit. Photographs depicting famous natural and human oddities
adorn the walls; beneath them are placards giving brief histories.
The narrow exhibit area leads into the back and finally opens up
into a large space. The scent of hay often reaches people before
the exhibits become visible in the dim light. The museum's
attractions are exhibited in various aquariums, cages and stalls.
Dr. Owl and Leon Tilden escort groups of 10 to 15 people in at
a time, carefully monitoring their visitors. Leon's lion-faced
appearance and pawlike hands may startle the crowd, but Dr.
Owl and Leon tell his story, explaining that while Leon looks
unusual, in all other aspects he is fully human.

Dr. Owl serves as the public's guide, calmly explaining the
exhibited captives away as natural phenomena. He hasa love of
facts and statistics, and likes to quote the percentage chances of
birth defects and dwarfism in studied populations. To him, the
Museum of Oddities is a display of nature's unique mutations
and variations. Four-leaf clovers and six-armed starfish under-
line his point, along with two-headed snakes and albino guinea
pigs. The books on the walls are for the most part outdated; 18th
century encyclopedias by the philosophers and volumes by early
British naturalists predominate. His most recent additions seem
to be zoology and biology texts from the 1940s.

Tue Horvep Man

Alexander has escaped from the circus twice. He is a
satyr born in the mountains of Greece; he believes that he
was born to descendants of the great god Pan. Alexander
knows little about his kind (and his faerie soul), having
grown up in the circus. While he is on circus grounds, his
faerie seeming is visible to all onlookers.
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Empathy 5, Expression 4,
Subterfuge 3
Skills: Crafts 5, Etiquette 4, Performance 5 (music), Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 3, Mythlore 5, Occult 2,
Politics 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 2, Gremayre 2
Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 4, Soothsay 3
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 2, Prop 2, Scene 1
Glamour: 4
Banality: 3
Willpower: 7

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvvyeviv«wivVyvygyvyiyvyisiVyYStoYVY OV Vv wy

Note: Alexander is an accomplished flutist, and can
also produce a wild scream (The Cry Of Pan) which sends
fear into his foes. The Cry of Pan is similar to the Fianna Gift
Howl of the Banshee. All who hear the call must make
Willpower rolls (difficulty 8) or flee in terror for one turn per
success. This costs Alexander one temporary Willpower.

The Pipes of Pan are a changeling treasure which affect
the mood of those who listen to them. The pipes' music may
make people happy, lustful or melancholy. To activate the
treasure, Alexander must spend a point of Glamour and
make a Manipulation + Performance roll against the
listener's Willpower. If he succeeds, the listener has en-
tered an appropriate emotional state and will behave
accordingly. Each success Alexander wins over the
listener's Willpower roll makes the mood last for one
hour. Non-fae must be enchanted before they can be
affected. The character may make a Willpower roll once
an hour (difficulty 8, two successes needed) to throw off
these effects. Repeat performances may enslave a charac-
ter to Alexander's will permanently.

Fist Laoy

The Fish Lady is a mermaid captured off the Azores by
two Portuguese fishermen. Clymene was originally a chi-
meric spirit; she entered the physical world by accident.
She was kept with the merman Protoith before they es-
caped; unfortunately, she was recaptured. Kept in a large
tank, she can breathe in the air but longs for the warm
waters of her Near Umbra home. She went from the spiri-
tual to the physical by gradual degrees, aided by the heavy
pull of the circus and the Banality of Dr. Owl.

The beautiful Clymene has a fierce (if subtle) sense of
humor. Many have fallen for her, causing no end of
trouble for Dr. Owl. Would-be rescuers are always coming
to save her, stretching Owl's patience to the limits. De-
spite everything, she is fond of the old doctor; at times the
two discuss philosophy and poetry. Clymene and Alexander
are also great friends.

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Intelligence 3, Perception 4, Wits 4

Talents: Athletics 5, Empathy 4, Expression 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Performance 5, Survival 3
Knowledge: Enigmas 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3

Special: Speech of the Beast (as the Garou Gift), Haunted
Heart (as the Chicanery cantrip)

Glamour / Gnosis 7, Willpower 5, Banality 5

Serarwin (Tne Axget)

A young woman with blue and red feathered wings,
Seraphim resembles more the Persian depiction of angels.
Her hair is the color of dusky twilight, and her eyes are


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

alight with strange fire. The offspring of two Chimerlings,
she was caught in the Near Umbra. The heavy pull of the
circus has permanently altered her spirit self to a physical
form. She can still fly, and is the only one of Owl's
exhibits not caged. While on display, she plays her lute
and is shy with visitors. Her "native" language is soft and
musical, almost like strangely beautiful poetry. Seraphim
will not leave the circus unless the Horned Man does; she
is secretly in love with him. She could remember her
Chimerling heritage if she entered the Penumbra.
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 5
Mental: Intelligence 3, Perception 2, Wits 3
Talents: Athletics 5, Empathy 4, Expression 4
Skills: Crafts (Music) 5, Performance 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Mythlore 3, Linguistics 1 (a halting
mixture of Spanish and English)

Gnosis 5, Willpower 7

Tue Sruiny

A human head on a lioness' body — this is
Hathor, the circus' sphinx. The circus acquired her in
Lower Egypt, but her true origins are mysterious. She
serenely watches her surroundings without a word spo-
ken. At night, when Dr. Owl leaves, she will answer
questions, but only one per character, ever. Dr. Owl
believes she merely has a parrot's ability to mimic human
speech, but the sphinx has far more. Never one for conver-
sation, she spoke with Alexander and Clymene for a time,
but now speaks no more. The other captives believe that her
fate is entwined with Dr. Owl's — she will never fight or
attempt to escape. Hathor has the ability to look into the
future. Whatsecrets she has found there, she has kept to herself.

Hagri

A bird of prey with a woman's head, the harpy is kept
in a giant bird cage, where she glares ferociously at any
who pass. Nicknamed "Olga," the harpy was found near
the shores of the Black Sea, where she was summoned "a

from sleep to serve Baba Yaga. Dr. Owl believes it is the
result of Soviet nuclear testing in Kazakhistan. Her
battered wings cannot support her, and the feathers
on her left side are black and red and longer than the
feathers on her right. Her claws do aggravated dam-
age. Other victims of atomic testing line the walls
nearby — strange specimens floating in formalde-
hyde such as one-eyed cyclops babies and worse.

Prion

This gray and yellow snake's length reaches 18 feet.
Coiled in a special cage, the snake, Mehen, has oddly
intelligent eyes. No one is certain, but some believe
Mehen swallowed the young centaur the museum had

Se

, vv Vv Vv Vv ioviovioVéioYéoYioOViOVYiOYSOYSOoYCOYCTYCY
CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS 19


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_<A4_

found some time ago. Dr. Owl has since taken stronger
precautions to keep Mehen secured in his holding cage,
out of the main viewing area. At night the serpent chants
odd prophecies in Egyptian and Aramaic. The rest of the
"z00" becomes uneasy when they hear the incantations
wafting from his pen. Mehen is not of human intelligence,
but is a receptacle for Apophis, parroting his master's
wisdom. Mehen has a venomous bite (Strength + 1 dam-
age) and a hypnotic stare. Those who meet his gaze must
roll Willpower, difficulty 8 to look away.

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 1

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl (choking, striking) 5,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 5

Note: The Python's poison slowly paralyzes his victims, draining one
Willpower per turn. It takes seven hours for the poison to wear off.

THE RENAISSANCE FAIR

Elements of the Renaissance Fair are visible during the
day. Young men and women in colorful period garb act as
singers and storytellers, while selling their superior handmade
crafts. Changelings will notice that they are fellow faeries by
makinga Perception + Kenning roll (difficulty 6). Rhingwaine,
Calypso and Mr. Quigley are most prominent in the daytime

fair. Astarte rarely appears before dark. Any visiting fae
receive invitations to the circus's nighttime festivities. As
twilight falls, the fair packs up until the next morning. Enter-
prising non-changeling characters may follow the departing
fae, but inevitably lose them as they enter the Dreaming —
unless the changelings desire otherwise. Certain select hu-
mans and Prodigals (supernatural non-fae) may receive
invitations to attend the revels if their Banality is low.
Changelings may enter the faerie court as they would
any freehold, while non-changelings must first be en-
chanted (usually they receive a token). The path to the
glade appears as a trail of silver stones. The mundane world
melts away, replaced by a faerie glade. The air here is warm
and pleasant. Colored lanterns cast a soft glow over the
clearing. There is a great green fae balefire blazing at its
center. Colors here are incredibly vibrant, and visitors
immediately feel at home. The sound of merriment fills the
air as the faerie court and its monarchs, the Summer King
and the Autumn Queen, welcome the visitors. The food
and drink is heady, enchanting all non-fae for the remain-
der of the evening, or longer if Astarte desires. There is
mesmerizing music, intoxicating companionship and
otherworldly delights here to please the most jaded palate.
Despite the court's benign appearance, it isan Unseelie
freehold. Normal humans are Ravaged, but usually leave
with few other ill effects. Visiting changelings may undergo

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

Vv (Vv VW Vv Vv Vv Ve -Vv VV Vy vy <Vv Vv oy


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

an Epiphany (see Changeling: The Dreaming) while here
because of the intensity of the revels, but may find their
Unseelie Legacies dominating for the next few days. Only
select non-changeling powers work within the freehold.
Most vampire Disciplines work, though Dominate, Pres-
ence and Obfuscate are weakened. Necromantic powers
will not work here. Wraiths are incapable of entering the
Dreaming. Spirit magics (Garou Gifts and the Spirit Sphere)
work normally, but the types of spirits encountered here
are unfamiliar chimera and not easily controlled. The
Time and Entropy Spheres have no effect here, unless
permitted by Astarte.

FREAK CITY

Freak City is a large, press-board cubicle, gaudily
decorated with crude paintings and posters advertising its
performers. One-quarter of the hastily fabricated struc-
ture contains a small theatre where visitors are seated in
uncomfortable folding chairs. The nature of the show
varies depending on the venue and time of day. The
performers here consider themselves artists and attempt
to put on short plays. Most of these are morality plays
which caution people to "judge not, lest you be judged."
The visitors are then escorted to the "freak corral" where
they quickly forget this lesson. Here they see some of the
carnival's human oddities and other freaks of nature. The
most bizarre freaks, such as Cone of Flesh or Mr. Bile, are
only unveiled in more "progressive" areas. Despite this,
even Freak City's more mundane freaks are disturbing.
The circus discourages children and the "faint of heart"
from attending. (Some children manage to sneak in and
are never seen again.)

Most of Freak City consists of living space for the
freaks, though some prefer to live elsewhere. Bizarre sounds
emanate from within at all hours; even hardened carnival
veterans tend to give the area a wide berth. The better part
of the building consists of a maze. Most of the performers
here live in small garretlike rooms or even animal pens.
Those higher in the hierarchy have better quarters. At the
maze's center, Cone of Flesh holds its decadent court in
opulent, tasteless surroundings. It sits on satin pillows and
is fanned by minions wearing harem outfits. Only freaks
may enter the living area. The building's inhabitants
harry intruders, though most run from any real resistance.
The freaks are not the real danger here, however. Every
minute the character stays here she gains a Snare. For each
Barb gained here, a character picks up a strange deformity
of some sort and loses a point from any of her Social or
Mental Attributes (Storyteller's choice). If the character
reaches five Barbs, she becomes one of the freaks and takes
her place among them. If the character escapes the circus
before gaining five Barbs, the physical side effects of her
visit to Freak City fade with time.

THE MYSTICS' TENT

In a small, unobtrusive tent, three magicians peddle
their wares, offer sage advice, and even bring enlighten-
ment to the public. Oddly, none of these magicians are
here at the same time as the others, and each assiduously
denies the existence of the other two. The tent changes
appearance to match its current occupant; its true nature
is unknown. The tent exudes strong Prime, Spirit and
Time energies, while Garou may detect a strong Wyld
presence.

The first magician to enter is Kuanyn, a Chinese
woman attired in traditional clothes. While she occupies
the tent, brightly colored banners and kites fly from the
masts and good fortune symbols adorn the outside. Kuanyn's
tent is a safe area for wraiths while she's inside. She
discovered a natural tear in the Tempest woven into the
fabric of the carnival (some say by Cara herself) and placed
this in the tent. She employs traditional Chinese and
Tibetan fortune-telling methods, and can even contact the
dead through a form of hedge magic. The methodology she
uses contains some Tibetan elements. Kuanyn will barter
with the dead, wanting information in exchange for what
she knows. Not of the path of Cara, Kuanyn views the
Midnight Circus and its long history as relatively minor
matters in the vast cosmology of the universe. When she
leaves the tent, the dead also must leave.

Sergei Gumilyov is the second mystic. When he enters,
the tent takes on a Middle Eastern air. Gumilyov performs
hypnotism for interested parties (he can remove up to two
Barbs if the patient makes a successful Willpower roll) and
other tricks. He will explain that some of his tricks are real
phenomena and some are sleight of hand. He will also
perform sacred Persian music. Gumilyov knows about the
path of Cara and can be helpful. He has taken vows not to
actively harm the circus, however.

When Herr Fidler occupies the tent, it is black with red
trimming; it smells strongly of sulfur. Herr Fidler is only in
the tent about an hour a day. He is a practitioner of a strange
blend of magic and pseudoscience. Fidler usually can't be
bothered with entertaining the circus patrons. He is espe-
cially hostile to free-thinkers and small children.

FORTUNA'S WHEEL

Devyn Cavendish opens up his own small tent at night.
The tent is covered with large playing cards and flashing red
and blue lights; an electric sign reads: "Beat the House at
Fortuna's Wheel!" The interior is quite posh. There are two
blackjack tables and a roulette wheel, and slot machines
abound. Cavendish, in his red coat, with a coin changer on
his belt, greets visitors. Briskly shaking hands, he announces,
"We gamblers have to stick together," with a conspiratorial
wink. Although the tent ostensibly is running for various

vwitv¥vvvVvveev?ea Vvy@VvVTvepsGVYVY VvYwv#g¥iygvVséseyY

CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_{4_

charities, it is soon obvious that serious gambling is going on
here. Wax statues of Native American chiefs and a curious
man covered with a thousand realistic eyes line the entrance
way. Mr. Flint works a blackjack table along with Cavendish
in the earlier part of the evening. The slot machines are
typical of their breed; however, the card tables are different.
Cavendish possesses the Entropy Effect: Game of Luck,
which allows the mage to virtually determine the outcome of
any game of luck.

Cavendish is more psychologically adept than he ini-
tially appears. He allows players to win hands, gaining money
and confidence, before he stacks the house in his favor and
goes for the kill, ruining their hand and taking their money.
Using all his charisma and charm, he talks people into
continuing. "I've never seen anything like it. Luck is with
you tonight, sir. In 12 years of dealing I've never seen a better
player." When the night is over (and Flint and the half-
hearted gamblers have longsince left), people bitten seriously
by the gambling bug find they owe Cavendish considerable
sums. They may even stand on financial ruin. Again,
Cavendish acts very understanding. Realizing that he is
dealing with good, honest working people, he will agree to
give three-fifths back if they sign a piece of paper, promising
their immortal souls as collateral.

With that, the Ringmaster produces a piece of paper
adorned with a caricature of a 1950s spandex devil with a
pitchfork, giving a piece of paper to an astonished business-
man. It reads:

a hereby let
__ itbeknown that lost my soul gambling
| at Anastagio's Olde Time Lunar Carni-
| valand Midnight Circus. [hereby forfeit
\ all rights, entitlement and obligations
\ of said immortal soul to Devyn
| Cavendish, proprietor. Signed, on be-
| half of the Board of Directors,

} X Devyn Cavendish.

vw Vv Vv VV VY Vv VvVvVvVY Vv sVvVveVv OV OV oC Ve

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

People usually sign the above paper with a laugh, and keep
it as a souvenir. (Rolling Perception + Empathy vs. Cavendish's
Manipulation + Subterfuge reveals that Cavendish isn't kidding.)
The Defiler Wyrm and Apophis have just profited, with Cavendish
getting his cut. Cavendish then announces that the tent will be
opening the following night for gambling. However, the stakes
have subtly increased. On a subliminal level, some gamblers
realize that the Ringmaster holds their souls, and they go home to
nightmares. By the time the circus leaves an area, Cavendish has
collected numerous souls to feed the Board of Directors as well as
skim off the top to purchase sections of his own soul back. The last
nights of the circus in an area find the tent full of desperate
gamblers attempting to win their souls back. The smarter ones
attempt to strike up various deals with Cavendish, even sacrific-
ing innocents and loved ones to make the damning dreams stop.

It's not impossible to win a soul back. All you have to do
is make a deal, or win at the tables. Threatening Cavendish
with harm might work in the short run, but his response is to
summon the four wax statues to life (three Native American
chiefs and the Eye-Man). They are guardian creatures en-
slaved by the Ringmaster.

Guanoian CREATURES

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Manipula-
tion 5, Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 5, Awareness 4, Empathy 2, Intimida-
tion 5, Enigmas 3, Occult 5
Spheres: Forces 3, Life 3, Matter 3, Spirit 4
Willpower: 8
Arete: 5
Quintessence: 9
Paradox: 0
Note: Cavendish feeds these creatures Quintessence.
The Native American statures may indulge their opponents in
a riddle-game (the Storyteller may want to roleplay this or
handle it as an opposed roll of Intelligence + Enigmas). Eye-
Man will only fight and search for the enemies of the circus. He
was originally a human oddity who studied magic and became
the thrall of dark forces. Cavendish fed him to the circus,
making his spirit stronger while destroying his original body.
He is silent and never speaks. When the wax animated body
perishes, the spirits possess new bodies. The Midnight Circus
resurrects them again and again to perform its dark missions.
Usually the last night in town, the ambassadors from
Apophis and the Wyrm show up at the tent to collect their due.
The ambassador from Apophis isa little girl dressed in Egyptian
garb, while the Defiler Wyrm sends the InsideOut Man to
collect. The InsideOut Man is a walking inverted cadaver.
Blood vessels and raw sinews line the exterior of the ghastly
body. Cavendish is unusually humble before them (especially
the girl), and gives them their take in souls once the tent has
closed for business. The souls are kept in boxes which are locked,
sealed and engraved with the insignia of the Midnight Circus.


A _A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

\_A_A_A_A_A_A

SEMIRAMIS' LOFT

Even the most jaded sensualists of the World of
Darkness may find something new in Semiramis's
Loft. The carnival's brothel is innocuous, almost
demure, from the outside. The overall impres-
sion is always one of quiet good taste (as opposed
tothe rest of the circus). Entry is by invitation
se 2) only, and the bordello is open only at night.
y People may be lured in through the exotic
dance show performed in another tent
(anyone over 18 admitted). The circus
f  invitesaselect few people to enter the Loft
}, itself at each town it visits. Normal hu-
# mans and supernatural characters alike

may receive the engraved ivory and black
invitation from the club's proprietor, Mr.
Smiley. (Mr. Smiley is a dead ringer for Pee-
Wee Herman, and an adept Cultist of Ecstasy.)
Mr. Smiley or one of the Hetaerae greets
the guest. They serve refreshments (including
blood on request), and briefly interview the guest.
The host may answer questions, and even share his
or her thoughts on the circus. (They obviously think
it's great.) Then the visitor receives a silver key anda

room number. Within this room is the guest's deepest
fantasy. Each room isa pocket Horizon Realm (see Mage:
The Ascension). At least one of the Hetaerae will be

waiting within. Garou or mages with the Spirit Sphere
may notice that the entire room is filled with highly

specialized versions of the Wyld spirits known as
Color Clouds (see Umbra: The Velvet Shadow).

These clouds, in conjunction with the Glamour

Veil, Calabris' Chimerstry and the Hetaerae's
personal illusion powers, create an illusion that is
almost impossible to see through.

Even the most jaded Cultists of Ecstasy or
satyrs may not recall pleasures greater than those
encountered here. The Hetaerae cater to the
guest's every whim. Fantasies here may be raun-
chy, romantic or even demure. They may involve
just one partner or a cast of thousands. Sex that
spins into violence will result in the guest's
ejection into the Violence pocket realm, how-
ever (see the Glamour Veil, page 85). The
Violence Realm here has a sexual patina, but the
character still accumulates Snares normally un-
til she ceases violent action. Outside of this,
s dark ori-
gins, guests may gain certain temporary benefits
(restoredWillpower or Gnosis points, lessened
Banality, etc.). The Loft's staff does not ac-
knowledge wraiths, but the Restless may sneak

in a Skinride (see Wraith: The Oblivion).

anything goes. Despite the carniv:

aa

vvevvvvrvrvvysyvy
CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS

avy VV VV "Vv ¥ =v VY


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Tue Dowy Sie

Visitors to the Loft get screwed in more ways than
one. Every visit to Semiramis' Loft costs a minimum of
four Snares. The cost fora Skinride is three Snares (wraiths
get in cheap.) Additional Snares accrue for each Hetaerae
added. (The number of illusionary partners may be nearly
infinite.) Besides the Snares, the guest permanently loses
three dice from his Dice Pools when attempting any harm
against any of the Hetaerae. Barbs mount up quickly here.
Characters who join the circus via the Loft may end up as
Hetaerae themselves. though it's just as likely that they
will end up in Freak City. Caveat emptor.

CONCESSION STANDS

Numerous concession stands dot the carnival. These
sell all manner of circus foods and souvenirs. Games of
skill and strength allow circusgoers the chance to win
prizes. Most of the items won or purchased here are
completely normal, though some may contain minor Banes.
Some of the items may also cost Snares, or even full Barbs,
depending on their general use.

BACCHUS'S TENT

The largest dining-drinking area in the carnival, this
tent is marked by a sign depicting the reveling god of the
vine. Picnic tables and foldout chairs line the inside floor,
and a bar/order area stands to the back. The menu offers
the standard carnival fare (hamburgers, hot dogs, barbe-
cue chicken, pizza, soft drinks) as well as beers ranging
from inexpensive to imported. Run by Maria de la Mon-
tana, a tough Colombian woman, the place is a popular
watering hole for off-duty carnies. Blotto has a favorite
stool up at the bar. An observant visitor will notice that
the denizens of "Freak City" usually arrive in a group and
sit at a far picnic table. Their usual spot is Rudolf's Stein
Hall, a smaller food and drink tent close to their working
stations. The vendors, clowns and ride operators domi-
nate this place, especially late at night.

Fights have broken out here between the many circus
factions, especially Koba and Bishop's clowns. Romances,
friendships, breakups — entire lives of the employees of the
Midnight Circus revolve around this tent. It's a good place
for gossip. The human employees huddle here and feel
somewhat safer. The beer is cheap, and the good alcohol
comes out later, after most of the visitors have left. The tent
also serves Russian vodka, Kentucky Bourbon (for
Cavendish) and even Danish mead if Astarte should drop
by. A home brew, Anastagio's Olde Time Lunar Beer, is
also sold. A rich dark blend, it is Bane-tainted and a single
bottle bestows three Snares.

On Friday nights the tent holds a "theme night," usually
for the benefit of a local charity. ‘50s nights, country line-
dancing and lately disco-retro have hit the tent. These are
good for the circus and draw in more people.

TATTOO TIM'S PARLOR

Inone of the trailers near the entrance stands Tattoo Tim's
office. Tattoo designs adorn the inside of the small trailer. Tim,
a nervous chain-smoker, shows customers his photo-album of
tattoo samples, puffing away all the while. His art is top notch;
it's also Bane-infected. The tattoos are a major Snare and cause
their victims to lose interest in life. While the Midnight Circus
is in town, it draws the victims of Tim's art back over and over.

GUISEPPI'S PIZZA STAND

Guiseppi's Pizza Stand is not all it seems. Those who are
using any spirit detection powers (Spirit Sphere, or certain
Garou Gifts) may notice that his oven is baking more than
pizza. Burned into the back of the oven is an infernal sigil that
allows the oven to process the raw spiritual energies stolen
through Snares and Barbs. This oven is but one of several such
nodes. Destroying the oven releases all the spiritual energy
stolen that day. Soulstuff released in this manner returns to its
rightful owner (as long as she doesn't already have five Barbs).
The sigils on these devices vary. Most are harder to locate, and

Cost: Three Snares

may require different powers to disable them.

These are available at several concession
stands and at the bottle toss. They are cheap
plastic glasses with swirled lenses, highly
reminiscent of the X-ray specs advertised in
comics. They are billed as allowing the viewer
to see ghosts. While most humans merely see
the world in a ghostlike haze, Awakened
humans and other supernatural creatures can
see real wraiths through them. The viewer must
make a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 2
+ the local Shroud) to see any wraiths present.
Wraiths may hide from the glasses by either
fleeing into the Tempest or by using level one
Argos (Enshroud). The glasses also allow the
character to hear the wraith, though their
voices are never louder than a whisper. The
glasses lose power after about a week. »

"Ghost Glasses"

&

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vwvwev#e#vweéewvyvyyvyeywyivyeivyivyséeWVYievyseVvYséivyivy=ievy Vv OV V@


THE CIRCUS'S METAPHYSICAL
NATURE

The usual laws of reality do not apply to the circus and
its denizens. The carnival is primarily the tool of the Wyrm
and various infernal elements. These patrons supply the
carnival with powerful mystical tools to facilitate its mission.
The carnies live a strange, timeless existence and do not age
while within its clutches. Reality bends and flows around the
carnival, altering the perceptions of those who come into
contact with it. The carnival is able to seduce and destroy its
targets through myriad methods, though there are only three
primary forces at work. The first of these two powers are
supplied by the carnival's Wyrm and the demonic patrons.
Auras of illusion (the Glamour Veil) and corruption (the
Corruption Field) envelope the circus. Underneath these
twin evils is the almost imperceptible, original nature of the
carnival (Cara).

The various metaphysical aspects of the carnival may be
detected through the second and fourth levels of Auspex
(Vampire); the Gifts of Sense Wyrm, Name the Spirit or
Pulse of the Invisible (Werewolf); Mind, Prime and Spirit

%

ae

Reveauing THe Cannivau''s True Nature
AR USS
The Storyteller must walk a fine line
between revealing too much about the
carnival and not revealing enough. The
carnival is a mystical enigma. It has stymied
some of the greatest minds in the World of
Darkness throughout history. Reality itself
rebels at the carnival's presence. By all ac-
counts, it shouldn't even exist. The carnival
resists any easy answers, but clever characters
may eventually unravel part or all of the
mystery. This process should be a slowly
unfolding one — like a lotus flower unfolding.
Each new layer uncovered should reveal a new
mystery, as well as answers to old ones. This
process must not be played out purely along
mystical lines, but through roleplaying. The
characters must question the carnival's
inhabitants, gleaning what they can from each
encounter. No member of the circus has more
than a narrow view of the carnival's reality,
and the players must piece these disparate
% elements together like a giant jigsaw puzzle. &

A_A_A_A_A_A_4

magicks (Mage); Castigate or Phantasm (Wraith); and the
first level of Primal and Soothsay (Changeling). The mixed
nature of the carnival is so complex that even the most
learned occultists have trouble untangling the various mys-
tical paradigms from each other. The infernal energies
involved make this process all the more difficult.

For example, a mage who decides to map the carnival by
using the Effect: Sense Quintessence to analyze Patterns of
reality throughout the carnival is likely to be frustrated. In a
greater sense, the entire carnival reads as a Node, but there are
numerous anomalous readings from the other realms of reality
that seem to interfere with this Sphere effect. Combining
other Spheres in a Rote to widen the search parameters should
add somewhat to the mage's knowledge. The Spirit Sphere
indicates that there are Umbral energies involved, but the
mage is unlikely to be able to follow the pattern to its source.

THE GLAMOUR VEIL

The Glamour Veil is woven into the fundamental na-
ture of the circus. It envelops and permeates it, defying the
most rigorous attempts to examine it. It is part Chimerstry,
part Veil, part magick and part Glamour. (It doesn't nor-
mally extend into the Underworld.) It cuts across all magical
paradigms and is of unknown origin. It may be a construct, a
naturally occurring phenomenon or an alien entity. Cer-
tainly it has tinges of Wyrm, Wyld and infernal energies. The
nature of the Glamour Veil is primarily one of illusion, but it
has other abilities. It plays tricks with memory, and allows for
the carnival's transport between the realms it travels through.
The Glamour Veil primarily deals with the outward aspects
of the carnival and is predominantly the domain of the
vampire Calabris.

© Illusion: Nothing is as it seems in the Midnight
Circus. Although most of its inhabitants are natives of a
distant place or time, their outward appearance and even
their demeanor changes to match the cultures they visit.
Even in such a place as the Umbra, the carnival takes on
aspects of the dominant indigenous culture. The Glamour
Veil also acts as a translator, thus allowing the carnival
workers to speak the local language.

This chameleon power is not custom-designed for each
culture, but is more a natural extension of the local psychic
zeitgeist. This power even extends to a basic knowledge of the
local culture, thus allowing the carnival denizens to mix with
the localities they visit. People who visit the circus merely
"see what they expect to see." The descriptions given in this
book are primarily of the aspect seen in most of North
America and Western Europe. Even these descriptions may
vary from town to town, however.

One of the most useful components of the Glamour Veil
lies in its Veil aspects. Like the Delirium caused by Crinos-
form Garou, the Glamour Veil partially protects normal

vvvvvvrevrevrievrevrievrevrevve wv wv YW

CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS

65

wy

_A _A_A _A _A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

humans from the bizarre occurrences which regularly happen
at the circus. The circus's Veil affects all un-Awakened
humans in the same ways as the Garou Delirium. It freezes
them into place, more in confusion than fear, and then
allows them to rationalize any strange sights they have seen.
(For game mechanics see Werewolf: The Apocalypse —
Wraith players may substitute the Fog.) The Glamour Veil
automatically goes into effect, unless a member of the carni-
val desires otherwise. Awakened characters are immune to
the Glamour Veil and may act freely around it, but they still
only see the carnival's surface appearance.

¢ Travel: Enemies of the circus are astounded by how
easily the carnival seems to escape their best-laid ambushes.
The carnival is a transdimensional entity, crossing from one
plane of existence to another with appalling ease. It ranges
the Umbra, travels the winding trods of the Dreaming, enters
alien Horizon Realms and even pays infrequent visits to the
Shadowlands. This ability is powered by the infernal power
of Apophis and the Wyrm, but is, by itself, a crude and
unwieldy tool. Only Astarte is adept at opening the portals
between these realms and negotiating their alien paths.

© Defense: The Glamour Veil, along with its other
abilities, transports those who become violent toward the
circus to a pocket realm. The true nature of this realm is
unknown, but it resembles the real world in every way but
one. Here the offenders may vent their violent impulses on
screaming carnival barkers, side show freaks, innocent by-
standers and members of the Infernal Trinity. Real blood
sprays from open wounds; dying screams rend the air. The
carnival workers possess no supernatural abilities and don't
stand a chance. The only way out of this pocket realm is to
cease all violent action. The reemergence into the real world
is easily detectable, since all signs of carnage instantly vanish
and the joyful sounds of carnival again fill the air.

Those who stay in the pocket realm for more than five
rounds gain a Snare for each two rounds thereafter. Charac-
ters whostay too long in this realm quickly gain enough Barbs
that they may be collected at leisure by the Infernal Trinity.

The other defense measure afforded to the carnival by
the Glamour Veil is against mental tampering (Dominate,
Mind Effects, Sovereign, etc.) by outside sources. This aspect
of the Veil gives all circus denizens the Merit Iron Will against
any attempt to either gain illicit information against the
carnival, or to influence them against their fellow circus
performers. This aspect of the Glamour Veil fades somewhat
with distance. The Infernal Trinity therefore never allow
their subordinates to travel far from the fold.

Weannesses

Although the Glamour Veil is a potent tool, it is not all-
powerful and can be defeated. The Glamour Field collapses
temporarily if members of the carnival attack a character.

(The field only collapses for that character, and this only
happens if the carnival worker attacks first.) As mentioned

above, the Glamour Veil is an intricately woven skein of
illusion powers. This mixture is wholly unique in the World
of Darkness, in that it synthesizes five paradigms under which
the disparate denizens of the World of Darkness operate. The
"matrix" in which these five spheres of influence mix is
decipherable only by those with an advanced knowledge of
metaphysical dynamics (e.g., Occult), A character with such

a strong grounding in these matters may begin to analyze the
various properties that make up the Glamour Veil, though
this takes time to do. The character must also have access to
specific knowledge about the various aspects of the Veil (e.g.,
Umbral, Dreaming, Sphere and Infernal aspects).

The characters may temporarily sabotage certain as-
pects of the Glamour Veil by disabling various artifacts
hidden throughout the carnival. These artifacts include
various arcane instruments and diagrams which facilitate,
amplify and direct the Glamour Veil's functions. These
artifacts are disguised as elements of the carnival and often
appear as mundane as a cotton candy machine.

THE CORRUPTION FIELD

If the Glamour Veil represents the surface aspects of the
carnival, the Corruption Field is its heart. The carnival
corrupts by its very proximity. The Corruption Field is a
powerful construct created by the circus's twin patrons,
Apophis and the Defiler Wyrm (see Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse). The Corruption Field works its wiles in three ways:
Barbs, Snares and Investments.

Banos, SNARES AND INVESTMENTS

"What's your pleasure, sir?" Is it wealth, sex or power?
Perhaps something more noble? Maybe you are a soldier of
Gaia and wish to rid the world of the Wyrm. Perhaps you are
finally fed up with the Technocracy blocking your path to
Ascension. Whatever it is, the carnival will provide it for you
— for a price. Only by accepting nothing from the carnival
may a character remain free of its grasp, but even passive
contact has its dangers. Just watching a show or eating cotton
candy gives the circus a small foothold on the character's
soul. Even though the character may pay for carnival goods
with money or other coin, the carnival always exacts its true
price in terms of Snares, Barbs and Investments.

¢ Snares

Snares are the carnival's method of sinking its invisible
talons into its victim's soul. Everything worth having from
the carnival has a cost. The denizens of the circus do not, of
course, mention the true price. As the victim accumulates
first Snares and then Barbs, the reality of their "harmless"
trades will become apparent; but by then it may be too late.
As a rule, a character notices nothing amiss until she gains
her first Barb. If the character escapes the circus's clutches
before gaining her first Barb, all but two Snares will slowly
fade over time. Five Snares equate to one Barb.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vv vv VY VV Vv "Vv TY Tv vv TY rv sy

A_A _A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A

Snare Costs:
° A day of general shows and rides; a "magic"

tattoo; several drinks at the bar.

ee A lesser specialty show or ride; a minor fetish.

¢ A greater specialty show or ride; an average fetish;
an audience with one of the Infernal Trinity.
°

A greater fetish; a night with the Hetaerae.
© A level of a Discipline, Gift, Sphere magick,
Arcanoi or Art. (Snares of this magnitude may
only be granted by the Infernal Trinity, unless
otherwise noted.) Any greater favors cost Barbs
and require complex ceremonial preparations.
Note: Any powers gained in return for Snares are real
and permanent.
¢ Barbs
Barbs indicate to what degree the circus has gained
control over the character's soul. These eldritch appendages
have a real and profound effect on the character in game
terms. Each one gained makes it more difficult to escape the
circus's clutches. Even one Barb gives the carnival some
control over the character's life forever. The circus allows
most victims to leave after gaining only one Barb. As the
character gains each additional Barb, though, the circus's
hold on him grows. Barbs are permanent. Only a being of
great power and wisdom (i.e., an Incarna), one of the Infernal
Trinity, or a follower of the Path of Cara may remove them.

yovvvypevywvyevrevievrivrevrevrevrevriev~vy~vrevyvyééifesdgy

1 Barb: The circus has a minor toehold in the character's
psyche. The character suffers short lapses of memory, sees every-
thing with a slightly malevolent cast, and is disliked by animals.

2 Barbs: The Infernal Trinity hears everything that the
character does within circus grounds. The character also has
a desire to stay with the carnival (Willpower roll, difficulty
6 to resist). The character smells slightly of the Wyrm, and
believes she is being followed. Vampires who gain two Barbs
lose one Humanity permanently. The character loses one
Willpower for purpose of resisting the circus' pull.

3 Barbs: The Infernal Trinity can tap into any of the
character's senses, no matter where on Earth she is. The
character smells strongly of the Wyrm and causes strong
uneasiness in all she encounters (- 3 to all Social rolls). The
character feels as if she is being constantly watched. Mages
gain one permanent point of Paradox. The character is now
at - 2 Willpower for purpose of resisting the circus.

4 Barbs: The Infernal Trinity may keep tabs on the
character, as long as he is on any plane of existence that the
circus has previously visited. The circus may also exercise
temporary control over the character, using him to harm his
friends or perform other missions. (This is handled by one of
the Infernal Trinity rolling Manipulation + Occult versus the
victim's permanent Willpower.) The Trinity may exercise this
power no matter how far the character is from the circus. The
character is at - 3 Willpower for purpose of resisting the circus.

CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS


A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A

5 Barbs: The character is now a nonplayer character
and under complete control of the circus (and the Story-
teller), The character either leaves with the circus, or is
quickly rendered down into nothingness by Apophis.
Circus members may escape temporarily by making a
Willpower roll (difficulty 10). The character may then
stay away by spending a permanent Willpower point every
month until they run out. Willpower may only be restored
by returning to the circus; there it returns at the rate of
one point a year.

¢ Investments

Investments are favors granted by demons. While most
of the circus's members join the carnival through Snares and
Barbs, a few are ensnared through direct contact with de-
mons. These deals are mostly made when someone requests
a favor outside the carnival's power. A request for the death
of a hated enemy or the return of a dead loved one may
require more specialized talents than the carnival can supply.
Investments are covered at length in The Storytellers Guide
to the Sabbat and The Book of Madness. In general,
Investments may achieve anything that a reasonably power-
ful servitor demon could accomplish, either on its own or
through connections. Larger favors, of course, require more
Investments. Certain requests (such as "Bring me the heart
of the Antediluvian Nergal") are not likely to be fulfilled,
simply because the demon lacks the necessary power to
perform such a task.

A_A_A_A_A

Unlike Barbs and Snares, which accumulate without
the victim's knowledge, Investments must be consciously
entered into by both parties. Investments may "buy" any-
thing that Barbs do at an exchange rate of two Investment
points for each Barb. (The carnival completely owns the
victim's soul after 10 Investments.) The Storyteller should
consider requests for Investments carefully before granting
them. Of the Infernal Trinity, only Calabris has acquired no
favors through Investments.

THESPIRIT OF CARA

The spirit of Cara refers to the circus's original, primor-
dial nature. Before its corruption by Apophis and the Wyrm,
the carnival was a benign force in the world. Even before
Namrael the Enochite lent her protection to the Children of
Seth, the carnival existed after a fashion. Whether the
Goddess Cara really existed is still a matter of fierce specula-
tion to some, but most consider her a myth. Despite this,
some believe that beneath the Defiler Wyrm, beneath even
the soul-shattering power of Apophis, lies the true soul of the
carnival, unsullied and inviolate. Astarte knows more about
this path than the others in the Infernal Trinity. Calabris is
fast learning more than he wishes.

The spirit of Cara mystically manifests itself as areas of
relative stability where the more malign forces of the carni-
val have trouble gaining purchase. These "Sanctuaries" are

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvvovovwevrovrovrvvrvrvvrevrvivrvvvyévVs

YTvvovevvvrevrevrievvvrevre vrovvwvyvwvyv ww WwsY

_..

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

inconsistent in location, appearance and nature; sometimes
opening for short periods of time before closing forever.
Sanctuaries tend to open in places frequented by those who
follow the Path of Cara. There are three basic types of
Sanctuaries associated with Cara: Healing, Knowledge and
Illusion. The spirit of Cara may guide those in need to these
safe areas through visions, portents and verbal direction (in
the form of advice from those in the carnival who follow her
path). Attempts to directly contact the spirit of Cara fail
unless one finds a Sanctuary of Knowledge. A point of
Willpower, Gnosis, Quintessence, Pathos or Glamour must
be spent to open any Sanctuary.

SANCTUARIES

Healing: Cara was, among other things, a goddess of
healing. There are places where her medicinal arts still hold
sway. By opening one of these Sanctuaries (Intelligence +
Occult, difficulty 8), the character may either heal three
points of aggravated damage or remove three Snares. This
type of Sanctuary is not prejudiced in whom it heals — even
the worst minions of the Wyrm may gain healing here. A
Healing Sanctuary may heal up to 15 points of damage before
closing in on itself. The elephant stall is one such Sanctuary,
as is the Scribunda Sisters' tent.

Knowledge: The rarest of the Sanctuaries, these places
carry memories of almost everything that has ever happened
in the carnival. The characters may be guided to this type of
Sanctuary by a vision of a woman wearing a white cloak. She
does not speak and is as intangible as a wraith. Knowledge
Sanctuaries may be opened in a number of ways. These ways
include an Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty 7, two
successes needed), the Open Caern Gift, the second level of
the Spirit Sphere, the first level of Phantasm (a sleeping
mortal must be nearby), or the first level of Soothsay.
Anyone with more than two Barbs may not access this
Sanctuary.

Once opened, the character sees a randomly selected but
major event from the carnival's past (Storyteller's decision).
The player may also ask one "yes or no" question about the

carnival for each success rolled while opening the Sanctuary.
The answer, while definitive, always comes as a vision and
may require a Wits + Enigmas or Occult roll (difficulty 7) to
decipher. Only one person may use this Sanctuary before it
disappears, but the other characters may suggest questions.

Illusion: Both Cara and Namrael were said to be puissant
in the arts of illusion. This type of Sanctuary may appear
spontaneously when the characters are in dire need. The
illusions woven through this Sanctuary are similar to those
woven throughout the rest of the carnival (they cut across the
five paradigms), yet they may fool even the most powerful of
the carnival's denizens. The illusions cloak and protect those
who battle the carnival. When this form of Sanctuary first
envelops the characters, it may hide them completely from
any hunt party that pursues them. This camouflage dissolves if
the characters take any violent action against the circus.

CIRCUS TRANSPORTATION

The Midnight Circus traverses the various realms it
visits through the gate magics of Astarte and the power of the
Glamour Veil. The circus must also use more mundane
transportation. Although the carnival is in many ways a
metaphysical construct, it requires a more "real" shell to give
it form. The circus's inhabitants are flesh and blood beings
with physical needs. (The carnival requires transportation to
carry the many performers, their equipment, supplies, the
circus animals, etc.) The form of transportation they use
varies greatly, depending on the circus's destination. The
circus may travel by train, by truck or in a caravan of gaily
painted wagons drawn by teams of horses. In such realms as
the Umbra or the Dreaming, the circus may adopt even
stranger methods of transportation.

Despite this need, the circus can occasionally take the
form of ephemeral spirits in certain realms, or in case of
emergency. This allows the circus to flee areas of great danger
swiftly, without resorting to more mundane means of escape.
Traveling in sucha manner is very draining to both the circus
and Astarte.

CHAPTER THREE: THE CIRCUS


_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_—A_A_A_A

Vv ov uv ov ov cv tv °V «Y oF Tv GY vv ev oY -v ov ov ov V5
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

—v vy VY VY Tw VY Ww VY Vv VY vv VY ov Vv VY VY Vv YY

_.

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CHARTER FOUR:
BREAD AND CIRCUSES

STORYTELLING THE MIDNIGHT
CIRCUS

World of Darkness: Midnight Circus crosses freely
over all five World of Darkness games. To fully utilize all the
characters and situations herein, the Storyteller she ould be at
least somewhat conversant with all five games, though Mid-
night Circus can be customized to fit only one game. This
book gives numerous reference sources to assist the Story-
teller. The Storyteller may wish to consult the sources for
clarifying information, helpful tips and aid in running the
disparate supernatural forces and entities in this book.

This chapter includes a brief lesson on crossover rules,
hints on how to approach the game for each of the five World
of Darkness lines (together and separately) and notes on
circus tactics. There are also a number of short story arcs to
help the Storyteller trick — er, facilitate — player entry into
the fun of the big top.

CROSSOVER RULES

Midnight Circus is a full-bore, five-game crossover
project. As such, it's worth briefly touching on how each
group's powers affect the others in terms of game mechanics.
The following are general guidelines only a details of any
particular Discipline, Gift, Sphere, Arcanos or Art should
override any statement made below.

POWER LEVELS

When there is a contest between two powers the
Storyteller should first decide which contestant (if any) is
the more powerful. The Storyteller should compare a
vampire's Discipline rating, a Garou's rank, amage's Sphere
rating, a wraith's Arcanos rating, or a changeling's Art
rating. The supernatural with the highest score usually wins
outright. This does not necessarily apply to every Case; for
example, a vampire's Fortitude may still partially block a

CHAPTER FOUR: BREAD AND CIRCUSES

=
91


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_{_

mage's Force Sphere attack, even if the mage's rating is
higher. If the contestants are evenly matched in power,
make a resisted roll.

The scores compared reflect the being's overall ability,
but not necessarily the level or the rating of the power used.
In other words, a vampire with Dominate 4 will use the level
one Dominate, Command the Wearied Mind, more effec-
tively than a vampire with Dominate 1. Elements like
duration, damage and range do not change, but the effect's
potency against other supernatural powers does.

[A note: This ruling can lead to some difficulty, as a vampire
or similar entity allowed to exceed a rating of 5 in its abilities can
thereby defeat anyone oranything not part of its paradigm. These

<> ENawrit <X>
A vampire has Obfuscate 3 and is using
Obfuscate 2 Unseen Presence. A Rank Four
Garou attempts to use the level one Gift Sense
Wyrm to find any corruption in the area. If the
vampire is using Obfuscate, can the Garou
sense him? The Garou is Rank Four, and the
Kindred's Discipline rating is only 3, so the
Garou has a chance of detecting him.
"Has a chance" is the operative phrase
here. The Garou must still roll Perception
+ Occult (just like any other Garou using
Sense Wyrm). If he has no successes, he
doesn't notice the corruption. With one
success, he detects the vampire.
Now, what if the Garou were Rank Three?
He would have power equal to the vampire's
Obfuscate 3. The result would depend on a
resisted roll. The Garou would roll Perception
+ Occult, while the vampire would roll Wits +
Stealth (just like any other Kindred using
Unseen Presence). Whoever has the most
successes wins. If the vampire wins, he remains
undetected. If the Garou wins, he sees the
vampire. Ties go to the defender; in this case,
the vampire remains hidden.
What if the Garou were only Rank Two?
His Gift would not be powerful enough to
penetrate the Obfuscate, though the Storyteller
should let the player roll anyway so that she
cannot guess the vampire's Discipline rating.

tules can also tend to be weighted against low-rank Garou or low-
Arete magi (who cannot purchase level 5 Gifts or Spheres,
whereas neophyte wraiths may purchase level 5 Arcanoi). Re-
member that it's often preferable to give players a chance against
even the most powerful of opponents — after all, if the struggle is
truly impossible, why bother? Feel free to adjust this general
guideline as necessary to make the story run more smoothly,]

DIFFICULTIES

Sometimes a rule may call for a character to defend with
a Trait she does not have. For instance, some Garou Gifts have
the target's Rage as the difficulty for the activation roll. If the
character does not have Rage, what does she use instead?
When all else fails, the default difficulty is 6. If the target
actively resists, the Storyteller may choose to use the character's
Willpower rating instead. Willpower is another handy default,
since it is a Trait common to all the Storyteller games.

Changeling Note: In order for changeling Arts to affect
non-faeries, the changeling must first overcome the target's
Banality rating. To do this the changeling must expend a
point of Glamour and then roll her permanent Glamour
score versus the target's Banality rating. Banality ratings vary
heavily among the supernatural. A Fianna Garou or a
Malkavian vampire may have a 3 Banality. Verbena and
Dreamspeaker mages may have a 4 or 5, while most Virtual
Adepts have a Banality of 7 or 8. Technocracy mages and
very old vampires usually have a Banality of 10.

THE CIRCUS AND THE WORLD OF
DARKNESS

The circus is a cynosure of sorts, a nexus point where those
of the five largest supernatural powers cross paths. These
meetings are rarely planned and occasionally explosive. The
following information is presented to help the Storyteller
decide how the circus interacts with the five main groups.

Tne KinpkeD

The Midnight Circus was created to protect the Children
of Seth (humans) from the Children of Caine. Since antiquity,
however, the devouring serpent Apophis (see History) has been
the wheel that drives the circus. Apophis is vampiric in nature,
and the carnival may well show modern Kindred disturbing
reflections of their parasiticism. In some ways the Kindred are
less well-equipped to divine the carnival's true nature than the
other supernatural groups. Vampiric senses, as a rule, do not
extend into the other realms (Umbra, Horizon Realms, the
Underworld, the Dreaming, etc.) frequented by other super-
natural beings. They must, then, approach the carnival from a
more "human" perspective. This means that they should pay
closer attention to nuance and the psychological makeup of the

Vv vvyevyevyVvVYWvV sv
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

Vvvei+¥vV¥GGUOeVN'i=W¥ié+'se;élév Vv vv #

carnival's denizens. While some of the carnival's deeper secrets
are hidden in one of the above realms, the greatest mysteries are
"hidden in plain sight." Vampirism is an important component
of the circus for numerous occult reasons, and a vampire always
holds one of the three seats in the Infernal Trinity.

Tue Garou

The few Garou who know of the carnival
view it with suspicion and hostility. It is
clearly a tool of the Wyrm and Banes follow
in its Umbral wake, yet it is strangely
replete with strong Wyld energies. The
Penumbra here is seemingly a never-
a ‘ending battle between Wyrm and
Wyld. Hellholes open in the local
Penumbra, only to be overgrown

by grass and Wyldlings, which

are in turn devoured by Banes.

\) Although the Wyld and Wyrm
energiesseem tobe equally strong,

the Wyrm holds the balance of power

in this struggle, slowly depleting the

Wyld energies in any place it
s. The carnival rarely stays
in any area long enough to turn

' ‘ :
the balance of power irrevocably to the

Wyrm, but Wyld-spirits are hard-pressed to
spring back from such an incursion.

This overall process is difficult to
detect at first. The initial impression is
usually one of a dynamic state of equi-
librium, with neither Wyrm nor Wyld
gaining ascendancy. Perhaps the Wyrm

@* here is a fragment of the original Wyrm
ie of Balance. Despite this philosophical
¥ * caveat, the first reaction of many Garou is

to attack the carnival on sight. Most of the

Banes who follow the circus appear mind-

less and do not directly interact with the
carnies, though there are exceptions. The

Penumbra immediately surrounding the car-
nival offers quicker pathways to the Atrocity,

Flux and Legendary Realms. In each Realm

the characters may see faint reflections of the
carnival appropriate to it (e.g., the Atrocity

? Realm shows the carnival as a vehicle of tor-
ture and sadism, while the Legendary Realm
reflects its more mythological aspects). These
Umbral shadows of the carnival are archetypal,

and the characters may glean knowledge of the

carnival's true nature from studying them. The

carnival is equivalent to a great caern; the Gaunt-
; let surrounding is at 4.

vvevevevevevvvevevprevvvviwvwvyéwVvy WW y=
CHAPTER FOUR: BREAD AND CIRCUSES 93


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Tne Maa

The carnival is a powerful Node and stretches into several
Horizon Realms. The true number and nature of these Realms
are difficult to categorize, however, and few mages have cared
to risk the dangers implicit in studying them. Mages may draw
Quintessence from the carnival as though it were any other
Node, but the Quintessence here is tainted by entropy. Mages
gain a Snare for every two points of Quintessence they draw.
Besides this, Entropy and Time magicks are more likely to be
coincidental, while the circus impedes and perverts Corre-
spondence Effects, treating them as more likely to be vulgar.

However, due to the Glamour Veil, Effects cast by mages
(even those who do not belong to the carnival) are less prone
to Paradox when cast when within the circus's physical
boundaries. All vulgar magick usually works as though there
are no Sleeper witnesses around. Carnival members may
nullify this aspect of the Glamour Veil (usually when at-
tacked) by spending a point of Willpower.

Tue Resttess

From their vantage point in the Underworld, wraiths are
the only creatures in the World of Darkness who can usually
see through the Glamour Veil. Some turbulence perpetually

follows the circus — not enough to qualify as a Maelstrom,
but Nihils open with alarming frequency wherever the circus
goes. The carnival only appears in the Underworld when it
is traversing the Skinlands. It disappears from the Under-
world altogether when it travels to another realm such as the

Umbra.

In the Underworld, the carnival exerts a dark psychic
gravity like that of Oblivion in the Tempest. Any wraiths
who approach the carnival feel both a powerful physical
pulling at their Corpus and a strong mental resonance with
their Shadows. Rather than being seduced by the carnival,
wraiths are bodily forced onto circus grounds. Once in the
circus, wraiths are hit by a constant effect like that of the
Shade Power Rend the Lifeweb. While a wraith is on carni-
val grounds, all her Fetters are reduced to a rating of 1.
However, she may create temporary "circus Fetters" of al-
most any object or person within the carnival grounds. (But
be careful of attaching to one of the carnival's necroman-
cers....) A wraith may create circus Fetters by spending a point
of Willpower; each point of Pathos she invests increases the
rating by one, up to a maximum rating equal to that of her
highest normal Fetter. Circus Fetters can equal the wraith's

normal Fetters in value, but disappear once the wraith escapes
(without being thrown into into a Harrowing).

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvvvvrvvvvvvrovvyvevyvvyv wywyiwywW?y

A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A

Wraiths within the circus gain one Snare and one
temporary point of Angst per day. Some wraiths manage to
escape the carnival, but most are ground down into Oblivion
or turned into servant Spectres. Most Spectres remain out-
side in the surrounding Tempest, but some wander the
carnival grounds attacking any wayward wraiths and drag-
ging them in Stygian chains to the Ferris wheel. The two
greatest carnival threats to wraiths are obviously Baroque
and Zimbra (the necromantic Keeper of the Dead and the
Spectre Huntmaster).

Phantom winds blow sluggishly through the carnival
grounds. Wraiths here feel as if they are constantly in a gusty
drizzle of oily black rain and particles of soot. Any wraiths
cannot contact the Skinlands through Embody or Puppetry
unless the target sees them first (through "Ghost Glasses"). The
Glamour Veil also covers up any use of Pandemonium. Wraiths
who manage to contact the Quick may be able to help them see
the carnival's appearance from a wraithly perspective.

Te KitHain

The carnival casts no reflection in the Dreaming until it
has stayed in a given place for some time. Once it has had the
chance to interact with the population, it enters the local
psyche, scarring minds and polluting dreams. Only then does
it begin to appear in the Dreaming, growing stronger each
day it remains in the area. Astarte's membership in the circus
has greatly increased its impact on the Dreaming. It is now a
Lost One freehold (see Nobles: The Shining Host).

The denizens of the Dreaming that surround the circus
are almost without exception wicked chimera. Physically,
they are distorted versions of carnival members. Some seem
humorous, while others appear monstrous in the extreme. As
is the case with the carnival's Penumbral reflection, glimpses
of the circus' true nature may be gleaned by viewing its
reflection in the Dreaming. Information gained in this man-
ner is not necessarily accurate, however. The dreams and
imagination of those who visit the circus shape the appear-
ance of the chimera. Examples of chimeric carnival denizens
may include a feline version of Astarte, a demonic Devyn
Cavendish, or even a 25' high version of Cone of Flesh (a
truly disgusting proposition).

Chimera are created spontaneously, shortly after the
first guest arrives on opening day. These chimera become
more plentiful and powerful as time passes. Like the carnival
itself, there is a definite hierarchy of power in its double in
the Dreaming. The newly created chimera scramble for
power among each other. Although the circus' chimeric
doppelgangers resemble the members of the carnival, they do
not necessarily follow its hierarchical system. Chimeric
duplicates of fifth circle carnies may rule the carnival in the
Dreaming. Changelings may encounter a carnival in the
Dreaming ruled by Koba or Cone of Flesh, while Cavendish
or Calabris are near the bottom of the pyramid. The carnival's

appearance in the Dreaming reflects the whims of the more
powerful chimera. Most of the chimera created by the carni-
val fade away after it leaves. Some may stay on indefinitely,
haunting the Dreaming's scarred psyche.

CROSSOVER GROUPS

Homogenous groupings are too limited in powers and
perception to affect the circus on all of its myriad levels. Only a
troupe with characters from all five games has a chance of
seriously impeding (or even destroying) the carnival. Of course,
even given such a group, the circus will still likely survive.
Although a crossover team may have many advantages against
the carnival, it also has some disadvantages. The denizens of the
carnival are masters of evasion and misdirection. Even the
lowest of the concession stand worker may be adept at turning
the enemies of the carnival against each other. (The Infernal
Trinity are masters at this.) Vampires can be set against Garou
and changelings against magi, confusing and weakening unwary
characters while the carnival feeds on their strife...

THE HEART OF THE MATTER

Three primary forces control the carnival's destiny. The
players may hear Cavendish refer obliquely to the "share-
holders." This phrase refers to the circus's three patrons: the
Defiler Wyrm, the Infernal (as represented by the demon
Apophis) and the goddess Cara.

Tue Derive Wye

The Defiler Wyrm's influence is the most keenly felt of the
circus's patrons. While the carnival may ultimately be predi-
cated to entropy and destruction through the demon Apophis,
its most obvious power is in its corruption. The Defiler Wyrm
feeds richly from the souls the carnival consecrates in its name.
No place that the carnival visits remains unscathed. Few who
enter the circus gather enough Barbs to become enslaved, but
even the most casual contact corrupts. The circus defiles a town
by its very presence, and all who meet it, even if they only gain
one Snare, are easier targets for the Wyrm in the future. The
agents of the Wyrm visit the circus somewhat more frequently
than the carnival's demonic contacts. Of the Infernal Trinity,
only Cavendish has extensive dealings with this Wyrm. Astarte,
a disciple of Apophis, views the Wyrm as "unclean," while
Calabris avoids it out of general good sense.

THe INFERNAL

As a tule, the circus's infernal patrons do not deal
directly with anyone except the Infernal Trinity. Despite
this aloofness, they are highly protective of their investment
and guard it viciously from other infernal entities. The
circus's demonic patrons are shadowy figures, every bit as

vvvvvvvvvvvvovw7wevyeéstqweéi+qpeew%«w"®ew+48§g=#e«é#.}'?™=‘éeyv

4

CHAPTER FOUR: BREAD AND CIRCUSES


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

mysterious as the Defiler Wyrm. Cavendish has the most
experience with them, though Astarte is more knowledge-
able about their leader, Apophis. The ancient Egyptians
acknowledged Apophis as a force representing entropy and
decay, and it is the main energy that drives the carnival.

Tue Pari or CARA

Even the lowliest roustabouts know that there is a third
force at work, but few know anything of its true nature. Some tell
tales of seeing a ghostly woman in white whose presence
awakens long-forgotten emotions. Those who know something
of the circus's history are aware that the carnival once hada very
different purpose than it does today. The "goddess" Cara and

Namrael the Enochite originally created the circus to protect
humanity from the multitude of horrors that walk the night.
Now there is little left of the carnival's original purpose.

The way of Cara lies buried under the twin powers of

a the Wyrm and Apophis. Still, like a fragile blade of

grass, it sometimes pushes its way to the surface.

CIRCUS STORY HOOKS

VAMPIRE

— A vampiric mime attacks humans ran-
domly and blatantly, threatening the Masquerade.
The mime is part of the carnival, and any attempts to
destroy her inevitably involve other circus members.

— Setite activity in the area increases. The
Setites worship the circus as an agent of corruption,
and sacrifice people to gain its favor.

— The childe of an important elder joins
the circus against her will. The elder asks the
characters to retrieve the wayward neonate.

WEREWOLE

— Bane activity in the area increases
exponentially. These Banes are extremely vi-
cious, and some are of an unknown type. The
characters are sent to investigate.

— A well-respected Garou elder is going
mad. Although all outward signs point to possession, there is
no sign of a Bane. The elder is known to have visited the
carnival. The circus is leaving in two days; the characters
have that long to save his soul.

— There is a rumor of a member of the lost Croatan
living within a Wyrm-infested carnival. The characters must
either rescue, capture or destroy her.

—A powerful Wyld caern is swiftly depleted of its Wyld
energies as its guardian spirits assault the circus. There they
battle the circus's Wyrm elements, but the Wyld-spirits are
losing. The players must stop the circus before the caern dies.

VV "vv ¥
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

v

VV VwyvyokufewyvVy vV9vv «Vv sv 3

A_A _A _A

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A—A—A_A—A—A_A

Mace

— It doesn't take Master Porthos to see that magicks
are working differently around the circus. However, as
far as any observers can tell, the carnival's warping
effects come from a strange blend of static and dynamic
magick. It's strange as hell, and probably in need of
observation.

— A Nephandus mage believes he can gain power
through the circus by sacrificing a mage soul from each
of the Traditions (including Hollow Ones). Two mages
are already dead. Are the characters next?

Wrartn

— An important Hierarchy Anacreon is sucked into
the Tempest surrounding the circus. The characters
must rescue him before the circus grinds him down to
Oblivion.

— Wraiths are entering the Maelstrom and coming out
as Spectres. Furthermore, large numbers of Spectres follow
the circus. Attacks on local wraiths increase, badly disrupt-
ing the local Necropolis.

— Hundreds of new Nihils open spontaneously in the
surrounding Shadowlands. The carnival may be the pawn of
a powerful Malfean. A circle of Heretics believe the carnival
is a harbinger of the Sixth Great Maelstrom. They are
purging "impure" wraiths.

— There is a rumor of a powerful necromancer using the
carnival as cover for his schemes.

CHANGELING

— Human dreamers spontaneously begin to generate
rich but tainted Glamour. The circus may be some sort of
Lost One freehold (see Nobles: The Shining Host).

— Hideous chimera appear in the local Dreaming,
attacking fae and indigenous chimera alike. The longer the
circus stays, the more powerful these newcomers become.

— Local trods warp badly around the carnival, making
them unpredictable and dangerous. The Silver Path here frac-
tures and may redirect even the most dependable of trods into
such places as the Deep Dreaming or the Nightmare Realms.

— Rumor arises that the circus is a gateway to Arcadia.
Obviously, the truth of this must be tested.

> 2p Ze 4 D> A a a a a a a a i a a a, A, A SD.

CHAPTER FOUR: BREAD AND CIRCUSES

=
91


H-_t_p~ai~a A A A A AAA AA AA AAA AAA

LENE
si

4

aad Very "Vv "vv Vv -v¥ "Vv V-V-vVv Vv VY Vv Vv Vv Vv Vv ov ve
98 WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CHAPTER FIVE:
THE WASTE LAND

And I will show you something different from either

Your shadow at morning striding behind you

Or your shadow at evening rising to meet you;

I will show you fear in a handful of dust.

—T.S. Eliot, "The Waste Land"

The Waste Land is a multi-tiered adventure designed for
use with any or all of the five World of Darkness games. The
Waste Land may be played on a number of different power
levels. Some of the characters encountered here are relatively

weak, while others are quite powerful. The circus is but one of
the participants in The Waste Land. The carnival's arrival
shatters the area's fragile status quo, setting a chain of poten-
tially disastrous events in motion in the heart of New York City.

Storyteller's Note: The Waste Land is set in New
York City, but the Storyteller may wish to move it to her
chronicle's location. With only minor modifications,

this adventure may be relocated to almost any rundown
industrial region. Owing to the nature of having five
worlds converge, it does not generally follow the usual
linear game style of most adventures. Although the
adventure suggests a rough chronology, most of it may be
changed to accommodate the pace set between the Sto-
ryteller and the players.

The Storyteller should keep this adventure as
freeform as possible, and may change the power levels
listed here to fit her chronicle. The Waste Land can go
in any direction, the more creative the better.

vvvivivivvvyvvyvvyv vv Vv VY VY VY WW VW WW

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

PROLOGUE

Unless the players are native New Yorkers, or regular
listeners to the "Rod Lightner Show," they have probably
never heard of the Waste Land. The Waste Land is the
nickname of a small, semi-autonomous borough between the

southern tips of Brooklyn and Queens. Most New Yorkers
avoid the area. It has a dark reputation even among the city's
most hardened slum-dwellers. The area has a higher per
capita murder rate than any other place in the city, and
personifies the growing devastation of most major urban
centers in the World of Darkness.

Waste Lanp ApVENTURE Hooks

The following are a list of reasons why
the characters may enter the Waste Land. The
Storyteller should read the adventure thoroughly and
consider the characters' motives and general natures before

deciding which hook, or mixture of hooks, she uses to
engage them in the adventure. The Storyteller may

also wish to add elements from her own

chronicle.

VAMPIRES

¢ A Toreador
violinist was kid-

CHANGELINGS
¢ King David's
palace of Tara Nar

is in upstate New
York; he has an
additional palace
in Manhattan.
The arrival of the
carnival does not
go unnoticed by
him. Within a
day (of) the
carnival's arrival,
strange and un-
tuly chimera
pour forth from
the area. The
king'schamberlain
asks the players to
investigate.
 Tassia, the ward
of Duke Pwyffelt
(an influential
pooka noble), dis-
appeared while
attending school
in New York. She
was last seen en-
tering the Waste
Land. The duke
calls for volun-
teers to find her;
he promises both
knighthoods and
unlimited use of
his trod to those

who do.

S=>

¢ Three Fianna musi-
cians have disappeared over
the past two months. A Wisdom-
spirit believes that the missing musicians
may be in the Waste Land, but the area is too rife
with Banes for the spirit to go further on its own.
© Garou Monkeywrenchers have determined that there is
a dangerous Pentex project ongoing in the Waste Land.
© The Circus Lupus (a pack of Bone Gnawer cubs) are
involved ina pitched gang war with some bikers known as the
Young Bloods. The Young Bloods are now on the offen-
sive due to their new patrons in Pentex. The
characters are asked to aid the Circus Lupus.
© Bane activity in the Waste Land in-
creases dramatically. Greater

numbers of Banes based in
theareaattackGarou

The characters hear that the
Technocracy may be conduct-
ing mass _ brainwashing
experiments in this area.
Recent rumors of a majorsum-
moning by the Nephandi have
the local mage population onedge.
A Hollow One from the Waste
Land notices spirit activity going
through the roof, and asks one or
more of the characters for help.

Wrartis

© The Waste Land is ruled by a
Heretic despot. The characters
are "requested" by the local Hier-
archy to infiltrate his court and
bring back information on him.
© Spectre attacks have grown more
common around the Waste Land;a
contactoftheCirclefearsthatanew
Nihilmayhavepermanentlyopened
up. Heasksthe Circle to investigate,
and to close the Nihil if possible.

napped from his
Soho loft over
two months ago.
A couple of Cai-
tiffs in the Waste
Land saw a vam-
pire fitting his
description a few
nights ago. They
claimed the To-

reador was being

chased by
rbive-suiced
men. The

Toreador's sire,
an influential el-
der, will reward
the characters for
rescuing her
childe. The char-
acters receive the
Caitiffs' names
(the Parkers)
and are asked to
investigate.

¢ The Camarilla
hears the Sabbat
is pulling all of
its operatives out
of the Waste
Land. The char-
acters are senton
reconnaissance
into the area.

SS

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vuv:.Vv Vv Vv sv-VvYivywvWiiv Vows sv Vv vv -v Vv vee

t_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

LOCATION

The area known to most New Yorkers as the Waste Land
is actually the borough of Westborough, a small wedge-
shaped valley between Brooklyn and Queens. The area
borders marshy swamp and the lower New York Bay to the
south; it is about four miles from the Atlantic Ocean.
Sparsely populated by New York City standards, Westborough
still has a population in excess of a hundred thousand.
Because of bad management by the local town council, and
the fiscal austerity regime recently instituted by the city
government, many of the usual city services (health depart-
ment, garbage collection, sewer maintenance, etc.) do not
reach much of the population on a regular basis. As a result,
most of the streets here are strewn with garbage. Large,
marauding packs of rats and dogs wander through the rubble,
making walking an often-dangerous proposition.

History

The borough of Westborough grew with the rest of New
York City, completing its transformation from rural farm-
land to cityscape in the late 19th century. The borough drew
many immigrants and flourished during the 1920s and 30s.

During World War II, the area became a major producer of
naval vessels under the aegis of the area's main employer,
Nastrum Enterprises. Heavy industry kept the area artifi-
cially stimulated during much of the Cold War, and the area
still boasts a few military suppliers. Heavy industry remained
the backbone of the borough's economy. While this supplied
many jobs, it also made Westborough one of the most
polluted areas in the region.

Bad times started in the mid-1970s when Nastrum, the
area's primary employer, pulled up stakes for Mexico. With
little tax base and corrupt officials looting the local treasury,
the borough remains New York's most embarrassing example
of inefficiency and corruption. The area was dubbed the
"Waste Land" in the early '80s. Many Americans on the East
Coast now know of it, thanks to the ridicule heaped on it by
the charismatic talk-radio host Rod Lightner.

Seener History

The great psychic gravity that seizes the heart of the
Waste Land has its origins before Europeans first settled
the New World. The Nunnehi (Native Americans change-
lings) long recognized the area as a center of strong
negative dream energies. With the aid of the Wendigo
Garou, the Nunnehi managed to contain these energies,
slowly tapping and dispersing them in the hope that they

vvvvoevvvrvrevrevvvéiféy

vvevvvrvvyfey
CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND

101


A _d4_A_A_A_A _A _A_A_A

might eventually dispel them altogether. The evil was
contained for a time by both the native supernatural
beings and certain sympathetic European fae and Garou.
These forces cemented their alliance by planting a great
silver elm tree in the area known as the "Rift." The tree
served as a ward against the many dark chimera and Banes
which emanated from the Rift. When the alliance ulti-
mately fell, the tree burst into flames. Over the subsequent
centuries, balefire flames have eaten away at the great
elm, slowly destroying its efficacy as a sentinel against
incursions from the Atrocity Realm. This realm underlies
most of the Penumbra in the area.

When Pentex took over Nastrum Enterprises in the
1950s, they took advantage of their carte blanche status in
the area to uproot the borough's long-standing neighbor-
hoods. The borough became badly polarized along racial
lines, with most of the borough's white residents settling
in the area dubbed "Devil's Town." Most of the area's
African-American population wound up in the area known
as "Dog-Town." The two sides of the borough now look at
each other across a growing chasm of fear and distrust. The
area reached near bottom in 1990 when an invisible wave
of malign energies rippled through much of the borough.
40 neighborhood residents died, though Pentex covered it
up (see Experiment IV below).

(inoGRAPHY

'
Devit's Town

Devil's Town is predominantly populated by white blue-
collar workers of Irish and Italian descent. It is a mix of
boarded-up businesses and dilapidated brownstone apart-
ments. The main employer on this side of town is Mars
Electronics, a subsidiary and lone remnant of Nastrum Enter-
prises. (For more on Devil's Town, see Project Twilight.)

Doa-Town

Predominantly populated by African Americans, "Dog-
Town" was originally not a pejorative term, but referred to the
area's favorable location (i.e., "a dog's place in the sun"). Dog-
Town is mostly supported by service industry jobs, though the

high-tech incinerator, Ardus Enterprises, lies in asmall wooded
area on its southernmost end. A perpetual black haze from
Ardus' smokestacks lies over much of the borough.

No Man's Lanp

The long narrow strip between Devil's Town and Dog-
Town, No Man's Land is a recent addition to the Waste
Land. A direct result of the recent "Hell Night" riots, this

a a Mi Ma a A aa a aa wa i a fe a a a a a

MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

tA_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A_A—A_A_A_A

strip is a band of devastated buildings inhabited by only the
homeless, marauding gangs and rats. Compared to No Man's
Land, the rest of the Waste Land is a paradise.

Memortat Park

A small patch of green growing out of the urban decay,
Memorial Park is one of the few areas in the Waste Land not
completely given over to the ravages of the Defiler Wyrm.
Located on the waterfront, Memorial Park is bordered by Devil's
Town to its east, Dog-Town to its west and No Man's Land to
its north. The neighborhoods immediately surrounding it are
some of the few in the Waste Land that reach out across the
racial boundaries dividing the rest of the borough. It was for this
reason that the carnival located here. It is considered "neutral
territory," and is well-placed at a minor subway hub.

Tne Heiants

Many donot consider the Heights, a series of wealthy gated
communities, to be a part of the Waste Land. Most of the upper-
echelon management at Ardus and Mars Electronics live in the
Heights, commuting to their respective jobs in the Waste Land
(sometimes under heavy guard). The Heights are protected by
walls and their own private security force. Although Rod
Lightner claims to broadcast from the Waste Land ("the belly of
the beast," as he puts it), he is really located in the Heights.

Tre Waste Lanp's Psycric NATURE

The Waste Land is a psychic anomaly, even in the World
of Darkness. It is a place where dreams die and the worst
degradations are commonplace. The atrocities here are part of
a vicious circle. The people are victims of a deep psychic
scarring in the fabric of the Tellurian. Few can ever muster the
willpower to escape the area or change it for the better. There
are a few bright points of light that stand out in this miasma of
gloom, but most of these rapidly sputter and die.

This psychic deadness resonates in such "side worlds" as
the Penumbra or the Dreaming, and even the Shadowlands.
This sinkhole has become prime real estate for Pentex, which
finds it conducive to some of their ongoing experiments. The
risks inherent in conducting these experiments in such a
densely populated area as New York are greatly ameliorated
by the almost sheeplike nature of the local populace.

THe PENUMBRA

The Waste Land's Penumbra is a Wyrm-riddled maze of
Weaver constructs. As with most urban centers, Net and
Pattern Spiders abound; the Weaver here actively aids the
Wyrm. The Penumbra here borders the Atrocity Realm. More
than once the Defiler Wyrm's realm has encroached on the
local Penumbra, and even into the real world. The Gauntlet
here is 8, reflecting the high Weaver presence. Any Garou

who botches going into the Umbra will find herself in the
Atrocity Realm. The most prominent feature of the Penumbra
here is an area known as the "Rift" (see below). The Rift
appears asa great, festering sore traversinga long strip through-
out most of the Waste Land. This sore oozes a pink pus which
is greedily slurped up by the many Banes nearby. Banes here are
mostly Ooralath and Hoglings (see Book of the Wyrm).

THE SHADOWLANDS

The local Shadowlands mirror the Waste Land in many
ways, and are politically and geographically autonomous from
the rest of the New York Necropolis. The Waste Land Under-
world is unremarkable in most ways, though more wraiths seem
to become Drones here than is usual. A Heretic despot named
Guanab has set up part of the Waste Land as a fiefdom. Wraiths
who clash with him are usually Moliated into hyena-faced
barghests or parts of Heaven (Guanab's beehive-shaped hut).

Guanab becomes aware of the carnival almost immedi-
ately upon its entrance into his domain. He sends several of
his Thralls into the Tempest that surrounds it, but they do
not return. He learns by observing the living that there is a
Skinland carnival inside. He will pay a reward of 50 oboli to
any who can bring him more information. If he meets any
wraith player characters, he uses first bribery, then threats to
make them investigate the carnival for him.

The local Hierarchy's presence is small: several over-
worked Legionnaires and their commander, Miles Kline,
who maintain a small outpost in No Man's Land. They are
the unfortunate victims of "out of sight, out of mind" with
the Citadel, and Kline is forever trying to scrape together
enough weapons and armor to keep his legion together. They
would gladly take Guanab out if they had the manpower. If
Kline or his Legionnaires meet any wraith characters, they
will attempt to press them into service, asking them to look
into the carnival while they try to keep up with the Spectre
influx brought on by its arrival. Kline manages to dig up three
soulsteel weapons for the characters upon their "admission"
to the legion. Characters who perform well, no matter what
their faction, will gain an ally in Kline.

Tue DREAMING

The local Dreaming lies smothered under a Wintry blan-
ket of Banality. The few chimera who exist here are nightmare
creations born of the most twisted minds. These chimera are
predominantly Nocnitsa (see Changeling: The Dreaming),
mostly in the form of hideous scavenger beasts with little or no
intelligence. The carnival attracts these beasts like moths to
the flame. Due to the Waste Land's cruel humor, a chimeric
Koba the Klown quickly takes over the carnival's Dreaming
aspect. (Koba's show does record business here.) Huge banners
display Koba destroying the enemies of progressive humor
(i.e., the Bishop). This travesty does not reach into the
Dreaming surrounding Astarte's court.

Vv vveiVvyeVvrehGVvyTGCUVvCUVlCUVYTCUOVYTVvTVvTVv_OVYv_VvT Vv Vv Vv Vv Vv

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND

=
103


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

DECEMBER 31 /JANUARY 1

It is New Year's Eve when the carnival arrives in
Westborough. The clowns and Calabris entertain the onlook-
ers as the circus sets up in the Memorial Park festival area. All
its town permits are in order. With the arrival of midnight, the
big top is set up, and New Year's Eve partygoers are invited to
a short, free show of clowns and magic acts. The show is over
in 15-20 minutes, and the party folks are shooed homeward.
By midday on New Year's Day, word has spread about
the circus. Regional talk-radio host, Rod Lightner, notes the
carnival's arrival on his morning "mission report," and inter-
views Cavendish briefly on the air. The Ringmaster is
convivial and compelling, deftly avoiding the usual political
shoals encountered on Lightner's show. Lightner praises the
carnival for "bringing holiday joy" to the embattled people of
Westborough, and gives it his hearty endorsement.
Lightner, a Technocracy barabbi, is one of the first
supernatural beings in the Waste Land to notice the carnival's
arrival. He sees its arrival as an omen of good things.

Tue Rop Ligntyer Srow

The Rod Lightner show adopts a military format, and
features have titles like "roll-call" and "taps." When Lightner
doesn't like what a caller is saying, he cuts them off with a
grenade sound effect. Broadcasting from station WBNK in
the Heights, Rod Lightner is a favorite son in the Waste
Land. For years he has forwarded a political and social agenda
well in keeping with his Technocracy superiors. Over the last
few weeks, however, he has suddenly changed his format to
a frothing diatribe about the approaching "end times." The
abrupt change has scared some of his old fans away, but
attracted others. He also mentions on the air that he is
having a big party on January 3 (by invitation only.)

Circus AGENDA

The circus is in the area to collect "soul dross," soul
energies tainted with the darkest despair. Devyn Cavendish
has his own agenda, planning to steal Lightner's soul and sell
it to the circus's patrons in return for part of his own. The soul
of a mage as powerful as Lightner is worth a fair amount on
the infernal market. Astarte also has an agenda for the area
— to seek out the Silver Elm.

CHARACTER ARRIVAL

If the characters are actively hunting for the carnival, it
may take them a day or two to zero in on its location once it
arrives in the Waste Land. This is especially true if they have
to travel a long distance to arrive here. The Storyteller
should attempt to make getting to New York as easy as
possible for them, since it will increase the time they have to

investigate. If the Storyteller uses some of the adventure
hooks listed in this chapter, the characters may never have
heard of the carnival before.

Horeis

¢ The Monolith — The Monolith is a huge boondoggle
of a hotel. When the Westborough economy went belly-up
in the late '80s, the local chamber of commerce had the hotel
built to encourage tourist dollars (which proved nonexist-
ent). The hotel is large, luxurious and almost empty. Currently
a small gaming convention is underway here, and costumed
conventioneers wander the halls. One of these convention-
eers is Mars Electronics Director Eldin Kurtz.

¢ The Gilded Lily — A once-opulent hotel that has
fallen on bad times, the Gilded Lily is best known for its
ambiance. Decorated in Art-Deco style, the 30-story hotel is
an architectural masterwork with a torrid history (feel free to
invent anything from vampire princes to gangster shootouts).
In a side foyer is Basset's Antiques, where Mr. Basset has
worked since the 1930s. He is a curmudgeon with little
patience for those who are "just here to browse." He is also
Awakened, possesses a sizable occult library, and is fairly
knowledgeable about the supernaturals in the area (mostly
from observation). If the characters can get past his brusque
nature, they may find him a wellspring of information. Those
who gain his trust or respect may be told that there is
"something strange" in the main ballroom.

The ballroom is a grand affair, decorated mostly in
silver and green. It is usually empty, but unlocked. Every-
one notices that there is a "good feel" to the place, though
few know why. Growing at the ballroom's center is the
great Silver Elm. This spirit tree may only be seen from the
Penumbra or the Dreaming, burning with bright green
balefire.

Cente AND Lonp Rivertirust

There are currently two important guests at the Gilded
Lily. Cherie Leblanc (see "Cherie Gets a Tattoo") and Lord
Aldwyn Riverthrush (see History) are both guests on the
10th floor. Both are familiar with the Midnight Circus. They
have joined forces, and may aid the characters if they deem
the newcomers trustworthy.

Cenie LebLane

Nature/Demeanor: Survivor/Caregiver

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Empathy 3, Expression 4,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

104

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvovvvvyvyvvvrievrevrevrevrevrevvevypevpewwyvie


A&A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_—_A—A—_A—_A—A_A_A

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive 3, Performance 2, Repair 2,
Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigate 3, Medicine 1,
Occult 2, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Image: Cherie is a strikingly beautiful young woman
who dresses in a combination Goth-grunge style. She has
blonde-brown hair and intense brown eyes. There is a tattoo
ofa Pan figure over her heart, and she wears a rodent pendant
around her neck.

Background: Cherie met Alexander, the Horned Man,
while working in a small-time carnival where Alex was
hiding from the Midnight Circus. When the Midnight Cir-
cus reclaimed Alex, Cherie vowed to help him. Her tattoo
was created with dyes Alexander had given her, telepathi-
cally connecting them at times. By this, Cherie became able
to hunt the circus.

Cherie recently learned that she is Bone Gnawer Kin-
folk. By lucky chance, she met Lord Riverthrush in New
York, and he was moved to help her. With his information on
the history of the circus and her guiding tattoo, the two
believe they have a chance to hunt the carnival down.

Agenda: Free Alexander from the Museum of Oddities.

If there is time, or the opportunity arises, she will wreak as

much havoc on the circus as possible.

Special: Cherie has a rodent pendant she wears about her
neck. It works like the Wyrm Scale Garou talen (Gnosis 8) and
has limited resistance to the Wyrm. The sigil causes Wyrm
servants touching the pendant to lose two points of Willpower
per turn. Unlike Wyrm Scale, it is not made from a bound
Wyrm servant, nor does the sigil burst into flame when the
Wyrm notices it; it presumably contains a Rat Gaffling.

Cherie's tattoo telepathically connects her to Alexander
at times. Alexander stole the unique inks from Dr. Owl when
he first escaped the circus. She must make a Perception +
Empathy roll to activate it.

Quote: I'm getting him out. You with me?

Lon Auow1y Rivertanust

Essence: Questing

Nature/Demeanor: Architect/Curmudgeon

Tradition: Sons of Ether

Mentor: Sir Stanley Whitby

Cabal: Knights of the Isosceles Triangle

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 3, Expression 5, Intuition 3,
Subterfuge 3

vvvevevevevvrvrevrevveivev~ivev wv WW WW y=
CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND 105


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 5, Leadership 4, Stealth 2, Tech-
nology 5

Knowledges: Computer 2, Cosmology 2, Culture 3, Enigma 4,
Harmonic Radionics 4, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 4, Research 2, Science 5

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 2, Forces 5, Life 3,
Mind 5, Matter 4, Prime 3, Spirit 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Avatar 5, Influence 2, Library 2
Arete: 5

Willpower: 7

Quintessence: 5

Paradox: 6

Image: Lord Riverthrush is an elegantly dressed, silver-
haired Englishman witha mustache. Although an older man,
he is fit and trim, the result of the military exercises he
performs daily. Lord Riverthrush walks with a silver-handled
griffin cane, though not due to any infirmity.

Roleplaying Notes: You are somewhat reserved and
old fashioned, an Englishman who plays the role of the
curmudgeon to the hilt with a sympathetic heart beneath
it. You get quite enthusiastic about the subject of theoreti-
cal science, and are willing to help others in this area. A
gentlemanly conduct and high ethical standard keep your
reputation intact. You have no use for the Technocracy,
having lost friends to their deadly machinations. Now you

are in a bit of a quandary. This young American woman
you've met has told you of her problems with the Midnight
Circus. You have pledged to help her. This would avenge
the death of your colleague, Dr. Thomas Brusaw, but you
also have another task. The Technocracy has been experi-
menting with vibrational apparatus you fear may have
come from some of your early research in the area. You
mean to shut down their lab permanently. Both roads are
hard, and you hope you have enough time (and powerful
allies) to pursue them.

Background: Aldwyn Riverthrush was born in Tiverton,
England, a member of the aristocracy. Studying physics at
Cambridge, he worked for British Intelligence during the
War. He resumed his studies at Oxford after the war, becom-
ing interested in the process philosophy of Alfred Whitehead.
Always intrigued by theoretical science, he founded a jour-

nal, Vulcan's Forge, which addressed the topic.

This brought him to the attention of Sir Stanley Whitby,
amember of the Sons of Ether. Aldwyn succeeded to his title
and membership in the Tradition at about the same time.
Several of his patents in the area of enhanced hearing aids as
well as inheriting land in the Blackdown Hills guaranteed
him a small fortune, allowing him to pursue his studies of
vibrations and polarization of light. His greatest success came
when he reproduced sound frequencies from the fourth
dimension to an astonished group of Ether Scientists.

~

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvovvivvrvrvvvivyvvyvwyetysé+«¢8geéaétlép(Ryr iw iW WwW YW"

LA _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

The Technocracy heard of his success and attempted to
recruit him. When he refused their offers, they attempted to
intimidate him into service. Building a hidden lab, he retali-
ated with some success against their base in Cornwall. How
he defeated them is not known, save for his insistence that
his "Uncertainty Pitch" greatly changed matters.

Recently he received Professor Brusaw's letters con-
cerning the Midnight Circus. When he heard about the
Technocracy conducting tonal experiments in Westborough,
he went to investigate. Fearing that the experiments may
have been based on some of his old notes, he arrived in town,
coincidentally, with the Midnight Circus. There he met
Cherie Leblanc in a diner, where she told him her story. He
gave his word to aid her. Now he has two tasks: to destroy the
Technocracy lab and help Cherie rescue the Horned Man.

Agenda: Lord Riverthrush hopes to destroy the Technoc-
racy lab in the area and help Cherie rescue the Horned Man. He
realizes the need for allies against both. Aldwyn possesses the
history notes related to the Midnight Circus (see Chapter One),
and will share them with others if an alliance proves agreeable.

Equipment: Cane (focus for Matter and Forces magick),
various technical foci/devices.

Note: Lord Riverthrush has created his own rote, one that
he calls "Harmonic Radionics" (Forces 1, Prime 1, Spirit 1). This
roteallows the mage to detect the spiritual Resonance ofan object
byits tonal Resonance in the Penumbra. The mage must enter the
Penumbra to use this rote. This rote allows the mage to establish
a"harmonic signature" on any spirit entity that exists directly in,
orhasan expression in, the nearby Penumbra. Riverthrush's foci
for this rote are a pendulum and a "three dial box" which
appears, to the untutored eye, to be a simple steel box with three
knobs anda brass antenna. He may establish such a signature on
the circus once he visits it. The signature that is coming from the
Penumbra in Devil's Town is particularly disturbing to him. The
epicenter of this effect leads to Mars Electronics.

Quote: It seems our opponents haven't been very sporting
about our research. Stiff competition always infuriates them.
Reminds me of the time I was in Kenya with Dr. Ainsworth and we
discovered that little Technocracy operation. Tsk, tsk. They were
too stupid to utilize the prime resource of the area: the native mages.
Let me tell you, I've seen things those Kenyan Dreamspeakers can
do that would scare the title off any European mage.

Tue SHADOWLANDS (Rosewoon & Linpen Biv.)

Every night at 11:59, just as she has for the past five years,
Sandra Warden comes to this corner to watch her ‘85 Honda
veer around the corner and go out of control, smashing into the
utility pole. Usually the car has two occupants: her husband
Rashad in the passenger's seat and her son Marcus in the back.
The driver's seat is empty; it was hers the night of the crash. She
has no way of knowing that the crash was not her fault, or that
more than 40 other people died at that same instant that night.
She and her family were dead before the car ever hit the pole.

Sandra believes that her husband and son have become
Drones. A citizen in good standing with the New York
Citadel, she is acquainted with a number of local wraiths
(including Kline), although she avoids Guanab. Other wraiths
speak highly of her, but few know her well.

The night of the carnival's arrival, Sandra notices that
her son is missing from the endless passion play. She believes
it may have something to do with the bizarre Maelstrom that
just kicked up in Memorial Park. She will ally herself with
any wraiths (or living beings) who can help her find her son.
If no one assists her, she enters the storm surrounding the
circus the night of January 3.

Sanpra WanpeN
Nature/Demeanor: Martyr/Traditionalist
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Meditation 3,
Stealth 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer 2, Investigation 2,
Law 1, Linguistics 1 (Spanish), Occult 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Resources 2
Passions: Protect and recover Marcus and Rashad (Love) 5,
Make amends for the crash (Guilt) 4
Arcanoi: Argos 2, Embody 1, Inhabit 2, Outrage 2
Fetters: Telephone pole (4), Old house (2), Rusted wreck
of acar (1)
Willpower: 7
Pathos: 6
Permanent Corpus: 8
Shadow: The Perfectionist
Angst: 5
Thorns: Shadowed Face, Bad Luck
Dark Passions: Reduce Sandra to a mindless Drone (Self-
Hatred) 5, Kill others the way Rashad and Marcus died
(Hate) 3
Merits: Higher Purpose (Free Family)
Equipment: Stygian steel dagger
Image: A slender African-American woman in her mid-
30s, Sandra is almost six feet tall. She wears her hair very
short and close to her head, and has coffee-colored skin.
Sandra's eyes are wide, almost to the point of being catlike,
and her strides are extremely long. Generally Sandra is seen
in the clothes she wore the night of her death: a long
camelhair coat, gloves, black slacks and a white blouse.
History: Sandra lived in Westborough all her life,
growing up in Dog-Town, meeting her husband there, and
eventually moving up to a small section of the Heights. She
died there too, and leaving was never an option. All Sandra

TWvwVvVVYVVvYVvVTV'YTVYVYVY VY VY VY VY WV WV WV WY WW

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND

7
107


A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_

106

remembers of the accident is that she took a corner too fast
when returning froma vacation on the Jersey shore. She truly
believes that her driving error caused the accident, and has
been unaware of the events of the Atrocity Wave.

Since passing on, Sandra has watched the pale shadows
of her family recreate their demise every single night. During
the rest of the night, she floats around the Necropolis, trying
to avoid political entanglements and making more acquain-
tances than friends.

Roleplaying Notes: Your family was everything to
you, and you killed them. If only you had been a little faster
on the brakes, if only you hadn't been thinking about the
vacation you had just finished, if only.... Your Shadow
harps on it nightly. Still, you hold out some hope that you
may rescue them someday. You've been told that your
family are Drones, and that the condition is permanent, but
there's always a first time. Now Marcus is missing, perhaps
into that strange storm that settled into town. The Quick
have been going in and coming out with balloons and
treats. Maybe Marcus woke up and went to see what was
going on. You don't know what's in there, but you don't like
the thought of Marcus in there alone.

JANUARY 2ND

It's snowing, but the carnival is still crowded. The
sensation-starved people of the city brave the weather to
enjoy the show's attractions. Strangely, the snow doesn't
seem to collect nearly as much within the carnival grounds
as in the city at large. Those who can see into the Penumbra
notice that twisted air spirits (Banes) seem to be diverting
the worst of the weather, creating a zone of comparative
comfort for the circusgoers.

Tre Carrier

After dark, two vampires, Roger and Stacey Parker, take
some time off from their work at the Concord shelter to see
the carnival. The two enjoy several of the shows and stroll
into the hall of mirrors together. Once inside, they become
separated from each other in the maze and wander the hall
aimlessly, becoming increasingly lost. Stacey steps into the
heart of the maze where she hears a voice whispering about
her unborn child from one of the mirrors. It apparently
knows a great deal, and promises her the thing she wants
most in the world — the birth of her child. Eventually she
finds Roger, and they make their way out. They are badly
shaken, but Stacey seems strangely triumphant. This scene
occurs unless the characters have already met the Parkers
and somehow prevent them from entering the carnival.

The Parkers are unusual in many ways. They are two of
the very few people in the Waste Land who care about
anything beyond their own needs. With the aid of their

ghoul, they run a homeless shelter in Dog-Town. They will
be receptive to any civilized overtures by the characters. If
the characters are Camarilla vampires searching for the
missing Toreador, they may meet the Parkers early on in the
story to ask them about what they saw. If the characters are
from any other supernatural organization, they may meet the
Parkers at any time, either at the shelter or the circus. The
Parkers are cautious about whom they meet, but are also
interested in making contacts wherever possible.

A Bone Gnawer pack, the Circus Lupus, watches over
Concord Shelter. They are self-professed protectors of the
homeless and thus have not yet attacked the Parkers. The
Gnawers suspect the Parkers are Kindred, but haven't smelled
a Wyrm-taint on the shelter workers.

Tne PARKERS

Clan: Caitiff

Sire: Unknown

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1963

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Haven: Concord Homeless Shelter

Nature/Demeanor: Architect/Survivor (Roger); Caregiver/

Caregiver (Stacey)

Physical: Strength 2 (Roger 3), Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2 (Stacey 3)

Mental: Perception 3 (Stacey 4), Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2 (Roger), Brawl 3, Dodge 2,

Empathy 3 (Stacey 4), Leadership 3, Streetwise 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 1, Firearms 2 (Roger 3), Music 2

(Stacey), Repair 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Finance 2, Inves-

tigation 2, Law 3, Occult 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: (Roger) Animalism 1, Auspex 2, Fortitude 2,

Protean 2; (Stacey) Auspex 2, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 2,

Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3 (Gangrel), Contacts 2 (Nosferatu),

Resources 3

Virtues: (Roger) Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 4;

(Stacey) Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Willpower: 5

Humanity: 8

Merits: Inoffensive to Animals, True Love, Baby Face (Stacey)
Image: Roger Parker is a wiry, athletic man in his mid-

20s. He is clean-shaven with medium-length dark hair.

There is something feral about him, although he does not

appear predatory in appearance or demeanor. He favors

casual clothing (jeans, flannel shirts, etc.), and reminds most

people of the outdoors. Stacey seems to be a pretty woman

in her early 20s. She has long strawberry blonde hair and

Vv vVvVVWt#$¥it$fvééeét._"vYeévvygwt4VviePER?vwv¥e«g¥yi%+8+ef#e"ééiiqvypese}''=s=e#ée}$' iw

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

A_A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

freckles (rare for a vampire). She is lightly tanned and can
easily pass for human. She dresses functionally in clothing
that could be anywhere from the late 20th century.

Roleplaying Notes: You loved each other since the
first moment you met, and that love survived your death
and rebirth as vampires. Maybe you're crazy trying to
maintain your idealism after all these years. When you were
in college, everybody told you that optimism would die
when you entered "the real world." Now, 30-odd years later,
here you are, and your feelings haven't changed. You feel a
calling to serve those less fortunate than yourselves; that's
why you returned to the Waste Land. It hasn't always been
easy, but as long as you stay together, you know that
everything will be all right. One of the most important
things to both of you is to guard your unborn child. You
harbor the deep hope that one day it will be born, although
you have no idea how.

Background: New York divinity students, the Parkers
went South to register voters during the Freedom Summer of
1963. While there, a white-robed vampire attacked them on
alonely road. He Embraced them for reasons that the Parkers
still do not understand. Once the initial shock wore off, the
Parkers made their way back to New York. Without a
sponsor, they were initially tempting targets for both the
Camarilla and the Sabbat. But they set up their work in the

fer 4

homeless shelter and carried on as though they had never
changed. Their open, friendly manner cultivated friendships
among both the Camarilla and the anarchs. The Sabbat has
left them mostly alone for some reason.

Stacey is a true vampiric anomaly in that she was two
months pregnant at the time of her Embrace. Unlike most
women in this condition, she did not spontaneously abort
upon changing into a vampire. She has carried the child
since that time in the hope that it will come to term. Roger
is more pragmatic about the likelihood of this occurring,
but supports his wife. Stacey is certain that the birth will
occur. A few acquaintances with occult connections are
trying to help out.

Equipment: .45 pistol, casual clothing, cellular phone
Note: Since the two have gone through their vampiric
existences side-b
What Roger learns, he soon teaches to Stacey, and vice versa.

ide, their Traits mirror one another closely.

Stacey has carried her unborn child for over 30 ye:
While visiting the hall of mirrors, she heard a voice promis-
ing to bring her child to term. The voice was that of Baroque,
who sensed the child trapped in its strange nether-state.
Baroque believes that it may serve as a catalyst for his

necromantic powers, thus furthering his agenda against
Calabris. Although suspicious, Stacey has agreed to meet
with Baroque on January 5th.

vvvvvvvvvvyvevvyvvyvwvypvywyieyv?

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND

109


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_

Toe Missing TOREADOR

Camarilla vampires can get some information from the
Parkers about the missing Toreador. If the characters aren't
Camarilla, but prove friendly, the Parkers may volunteer this
information anyway. The Parkers were in Devil's Town
several nights ago and saw the Toreador being pursued by
several men in white lab coats. The Caitiff attempted to aid
their fellow vampire, but were overpowered by several toughs.
The "scientists" had strange-looking hypoguns, and the
toughs exhibited bizarre powers. The Parkers remember that
one controlled insects; another turned into a green viscous
liquid (a.k.a, First Team #212).

A thorough search of the abduction site (Perception +
Alertness, difficulty 8) may turn up a tranquilizer dart, some
green viscous slime scraped on a nearby wall and a small box
of bow resin. There is a strong Wyrm-taint to the area. The
area also has a large number of fairly fresh dog tracks in the
snow (the Circus Lupus). If the characters use Auspex level
3 Spirit's Touch or any other psychometry powers, (i.e.,
Postcognition for mages, Backward Glance or Tattletale for
changelings, etc.) they may discover several things.

The green slime is from a fomor who turned into slime
to avoid Roger's claws. The resin box belongs to the Torea-
dor violinist. Spirit's Touch on the box may render such

images as a violin being played in a frenzied manner, a

darkened room filled with computer consoles and shifting
patterns of colored light, and several faces. All these images
are nightmarish and unclear. The faces include several scien-
tists and Rod Lightner. Garou may detect evidence of Ash
Scrag activity, leading the characters to Ardus Enterprises.

Arpus

Ardus, a wholly owned subsidiary of Pentex, is the main
polluting industry in the area. Its smokestacks belch forth
clouds of soot day and night. As a result, the cancer rate in
the Waste Land is 20 percent higher than in the rest of New
York. The Penumbra around the plant is a haven for Hoglings
and Ash Scrags. Plant security is light by Pentex standards:
tamper-resistant cameras and alarms, and only eight guards.
The guards are well-trained, though not on par with a First
Team. They are all immune to the Delirium. Each carries an
assault rifle and silver bullets. They also possess Power
Goggles (see Freak Legion), which allow them to see Garou
moving through the Gauntlet. The plant's General Man-
ager, Doris Milke, is a striking white-haired lady. She wears
light gray business suits, chain-smokes, and smells like an
ashtray. She worships the Maeljin Incarna, Lord Choke (see
Book of the Wyrm). She is human, but immune to the

Vv VV VV Vv Viv (Vv Vv Vv YW FVea

A_A _A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Delirium. She carries a revolver with silver bullets, and
possesses a Bane fetish that can instantly summon 1-10 Ash
Scrags. These Scrags have the Charm Materialize, and are
thus a danger to those both in and out of the Umbra.

Asn Seraas

Rage 10, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6, Power 40

Charms: Body Wrack, Fog of Ash (like the Black Fury
Gift: Curse of Aeolus, but creates a blinding cloud of ash and
black dust. Adaptation negates the effects of this Charm),
Incite Frenzy, Materialize, Possession, Venom Blood. Power
cost is two for each Charm.

Astarte ANd Dr. OWL

That afternoon, Astarte and Dr. Owl enter Mr. Basset's
antique shop. Both are wearing normal clothing. Astarte feigns
interest in some of the antiques, charming (and susequently
enchanting) Basset. Dr. Owl examines the merchandise, all the
while muttering about its "obvious poor quality," but buys
something anyway. If the characters are there (as hotel guests,
meeting Cherie or Lord Riverthrush, or because they followed
Astarte from the circus), they may interact with the circus folk
as they choose. Should any of the characters confront Astarte
about being a changeling, Dr. Owl breaks in, scorning the very
notion of such fanciful creatures. "Faeries? Vampires and uni-
corns? Bah! This is the 20th century, sir!"

Astarte is aware of her vulnerability away from her
freehold, and does nothing to antagonize the characters.
During his transaction with her, Basset mentions the unusual
ballroom and a couple of his pet theories on the place. Astarte
politely excuses herself and enters the ballroom (via Wayfare
or the Dreaming if the characters interfere). She examines the
Silver Elm, then conjures a silver needle into the tree's side;
the flame surrounding the tree then changes from green to
royal purple. Astarte cannot be dissuaded from doing this, but
may tell the characters that she is helping the tree. If the
characters interfere with her, she uses Wayfare to return
herself and her covey to the circus. (Dr. Owl is carryinga token
that allows her to transport him, despite his banal nature.) If
she escapes in this manner, the characters notice that she has
somehow embedded the needle in the tree, despite their best
efforts. They may not remove the needle by any means.

Poox-Boo

That night there is a minor disturbance at the carnival. A
young woman wearing a hospital gown appears on the circus'
main concourse. She is frightened, and seems to be under the
influence of some sort of drug. If the characters approach her
reassuringly, she will talk with them. Her answers are dis-
jointed, frightened, sometimes incoherent. If the characters
try to take her into custody she disappears, only to reappear

elsewhere in the circus. Changeling characters may quickly
recognize her as Kithain (she is Tassia, the ward of Duke
Pwyffelt, although she doesn't remember her name). She
makes a motion as if she is breaking something every time she
teleports. (This is her Bunk, Shatter Glass, but strangely, she
only breaks chimeric glass.)

Tassia is being followed, and her pursuers soon catch up
with her. They are a motorcycle gang of ghouls called the
Young Bloods (see Project Twilight). They are tracking her
through a device implanted below her scalp next to her skull.
They can't duplicate her teleporting powers, however, and are
running themselves ragged trying to catch up with her. But
when they arrive, her Wayfare abilities inexplicably fizzle.
When they manage to catch sight of her, they drive her into
Freak City and give chase, mostly on foot. If the characters are
there, they may become involved however they like.

Once she manages to get out of sight for a round, Tassia
turns into a cat and begins to randomly teleport through the
mazes. The freaks shoo the paying public out and then
disappear into the woodwork. The rowdy ghouls terrorize
some of the more helpless and simpleminded freaks when
they can. One tries to kill Mulella; another finds his way into
Cone of Flesh's lair and is never seen again.

When the remainder manages to catch up with the girl, she
disappears and does not return. (Some characters may be able to
magically track her to Mars Electronics.) The bikers are forced
to retreat from Freak City's warping effects, but some don't
escape. Player characters in the maze must also beware its Snare
powers. CoF may see Tassia and desire her for a pet. The Young
Bloods will now consider the carnival a blood enemy, despite
any injunctions to the contrary from their superiors.

Tue Youna Bioops

Formerly autonomous, the Young Bloods have come
under the control of Pentex, who offers them a reasonably
stable supply of blood. They are currently freelancing for
Mars Electronics. The company has them on retainer and
may call on them whenever they wish. The Young Bloods are
suspicious of both Kurtz and Lightner, but continue to work
for them as long as they are paid. The Young Bloods are
vicious killers and kill street people for fun, a practice that
has them at war with the Circus Lupus. The gang makes
liberal use of their Pentex connections for protection and
ammunition, and their Pentex-supplied weapons are slowly
turning things in their favor. Some are seasoned killers that
would do a Sabbat pack proud, others are vicious but stupid.

One wears a mask because he fed from a Nosferatu
vampire and his face has broken out in green pustules.
Another has a taste for Malkavian vitae and is slowly going
insane. The bikers require vampire blood once a month to
remain ghouls. While Pentex supplies them with some, the
corporation can hardly manufacture vitae, and so the Young
Bloods are usually lean and thirsty.

vvvvivivyvvyvvyvvyvvy ivy iVvywVvy Wy iW WwW WW

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND


Ghoul Attributes
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3
Skills: Drive 4 (Motorcycle), Firearms 2, Melee 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 2
Knowledges: Investigation 1, Occult 2
Disciplines: Fortitude 1, Potence 1 (their leader has Celerity
1, Potence 2, Fortitude 2)
Equipment: Mini-Uzi with silver bullets, silver daggers,
motorcycle, leather jackets.

TAssia
Court: Seelie
Legacy: Pishogue/Riddler
Seeming: Childling
Kith: Pooka
House: Dougal
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 3,
Kenning 2, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Melee 1, Music 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Mythlore 2
Arts: Chicanery 1, Dream-Craft 2, Primal 1, Wayfare 5
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 1, Nature 2, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 2 (Sparrow), Contacts 3, Gremayre 4,
Title 4
Glamour: 10
Banality: 8 (2 while asleep)
Willpower: 5
Image: Tassia is a pretty girl in her late teens. She has
short, blonde shag hair, and usually wears upscale grunge
clothes. In her faerie seeming, she has a long cat tail that curls
around her ankles, cat's ears, and downy fur along her cheeks.
Her animal form is a sleek, reddish-gold house cat.
Roleplaying Hints: This is the last time youcome to New
York! The world used to be sucha happy place; youhad friends,
alovely home.... You have dreams about being a faerie princess
ly, isn't it...isn't it? Real or not, you're not about to share
that with them. You came here for music school. Some men
grabbed you, and you wound up here. Wherever here is. They
keep you drugged, and you can't remember how to use your...
canned-trips (?) to escape. Only your dreams sustain you now.
In your dreams you almost remember.
Background: Tassia is the ward of Duke Pwyffelt, an
influential Concordian noble (see Nobles: The Shining Host).
A promising musician, Tassia came to New York to study music.

Vev ev ee ol VV eV Ve FV vv ©V wv OY eV ov FV WY © TY ote

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

Unfortunately, she soon came to Eldin Kurtz's attention. In-
trigued, he ordered her captured for further analysis. Kurtz does
not understand her abilities, although he recognized her as
possessing a "static magic equivalent" of the Correspondence
Sphere (her Wayfare Arts). Progenitor drugs prevent her from
using her abilities while awake, or even remembering her past.
When sleeping, however, her mind becomes active and free of
Banality. Upon the circus' arrival, her latent Wayfare abilities
activate. She "sleep teleports" to the circus and explores.

Note: Thanks to Progenitor drugs, Tassia has an artifi-
cial Banality of 8. If this reaches 10, she will completely
forget her fae nature and become a normal human. Every
time she visits the circus, her Banality temporarily drops by
one, but she also picks up a Snare. She returns to Mars
Electronics upon awakening.

Quote: Excuse me, did you see a rabbit with a pocket watch pass by?

JANUARY SRD

It is no longer snowing, but temperatures plummet. Not
many visit the carnival during the day, but a surprising number
come that night. Cherie and Lord Riverthrush sneak into the
carnival and search for Alexander. When they locate the Mu-
seum of Oddities, Dr. Owl explains that the Homed Man will be
back on the night of January 5th. Any attempts to force him to
reveal Alexander's whereabouts result in Husk's being awakened
and ashort fight designed to chase the unrulies out, although Owl
hhas no qualms about tuming over the capnired to Cavendish.

Tue Circus ano THE Waste Lap

By January 3rd, the circus is having a strong impact on the
surrounding side realms. Bizarre chimera spring from the minds
of the carnival' visitors in the local Dreaming. The Shadowlands
are rife with Spectres, and more Nihils open every day. Only
Garou and mages with the Spirit Sphere notice the circus's most
pronounced effect, however. They may make an Intelligence +
Occult roll (difficulty 7) to discover that the circus's strange
Wyrm/Wyld dichotomy is severely disrupting the Waste Land
Penumbra's Wyrm/Weaver energies.

Mars Electronics is performing very delicate experiment
(see below). The experiment's director, Eldin Kurtz, has
noticed bizarre anomalies ever since the circus's arrival. That
day there is an "incident." Gruesome Atrocity Realm Banes
flood the control room, and are barely contained by the plant's
security. This "Bane spike" happens at least once a day for the
rest of the circus's stay. Each surge is larger than the one before.

Pentex

Pentex subsidiaries in the Waste Land include Mars
Electronics, Ardus and several O'Tolley's restaurants. While
O'Tolley's and Ardus do the Wyrm's bidding in a number of
ways, Mars is a priority facility.


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A

Mars Electronics

A subsidiary of Nastrum Enterprises, Mars Electronics is best
known for its production of high-tech electronic (command and
control systems) for the military. They also manufacture surveil-
lance and assassination tools for covert intelligence organizations
like the CIA and NSA. Mars is located directly over one end of
the "Rift." Most of the building is plain and unassuming in
appearance. The two upper floors contain office space, research
and development, and some production facilities. The office
space is well appointed. .. forthe mid'-70s. Experiment IV isin the
basement behind a massive steel door.

Also in the basement is a small, private hospital wing
where Eldin Kurtz keeps a number of "pet projects." Some are
physical c »dd it ies, whi le (t others are unfortunate supernaturals,
including the pooka Tassia. Most, if not all, are frequently
doped-up with Progenitor drugs, but those with their lucid
periods will help any rescue attempt however little they can.

Mars Security
ecurity from the
arded. €

While the building appears to be low
outside, it is tightly monitored and well-s

meras,

motion detectors and an advanced alarm system protect it.
Wyrm-enslaved Net Spiders protect these electronic safeguards
against magical tampering. All attempts to circumvent or

subvert these systems are at 8 difficulty and require two suc-
cesses. The basement systems that directly control Experiment

IV are especially well-guarded. The plant's physical protectors
include 12 guards and First Team #212. The plant is also heavily
guarded in the Penumbra. Ooralath shamble around the perim-
eter, attacking any who approach the plant through the
Penumbra. Scryer Banes act as spies, reporting any suspicious
movements to Rod Lightner, Eldin Kurtz and the four Drattosi
(see Book of the Wyrm). Unlike the Ooralath, the Drattosi are
intelligent and coordinate their attacks to maximum efficiency.
They live in a radioactive waste storage area in the basement.
Mars security is mostly geared toward Garou, but Lightner has
also implemented safeguards against mages. A Talisman in the
plant's basement notifies Lighter if anyone enters the basement
through Correspondence magick. He arrives via a vulgar Corre-
spondence Effect if Mars security is badly breached. He brings First
Team #212 with him if they were away from the plant. The
Gauntlet within the building is 9, as is the Banality level.

Exreriment IV
They told us all they wanted was "a sound that could kill someone."
— Kate Bush, "Experiment IV"

For years the researchers at Mars labored to create the
perfect assassination tool for use by the intelligence commu-
nity. In the late '80s they succeeded beyond their wildest
dreams. The company's founder, Cyrus Kurtz, had a strange
and ViV id dream. This dream was, in reality, amessage from the

Gee Gam, Set Sua,
CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND

=
113


A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A_A__A__A_

Maeljin Incarna, Doge Klypse (see Book of the Wyrm). The
dream instructed Kurtz to capture four musicians (three Garou
Fianna and one Toreador) and force them to play. The
scientists manipulated the music in accordance with an arcane
mathematical formula supplied by Kurtz. The result Was a
beautiful, unearthly sound that welled up from the Atrocity
Realm. In that instant all the employees present, as well as 40
passersby in the nearby street (including the Warden family)
assaulted by a wave of nothing less than pure he yrror. All

we
died. The rift collapsed upon itself and resealed.

A Pentex control team came in to clean up the situation.
Even In an area as spiritually dead and apathetic as the Waste
Land, this was no easy task. Through Pentex controls of the
local news station and most elements in the local police, they
managed to bribe, intimidate or kill witnesses to ensure their
silence. Since the original subjects died, the Experiment is
only now getting up to speed again. Three more Fianna and
another Toreador are forced to play nonstop. Their music is
slowly building the "Atrocity energies," which Pentex hopes
to harness as a deadly weapon. Cyrus' brilliant, but volatile and
weak-willed son, Eldin Kurtz, is the current director. Eldin Is
afraid of a repeat of the 1990 incident, but fears the experiment
has gone too far to turn back. While Eldin is the project's
director A he isnot the prime fc orce behind the experiment. The
true puppeteer is the Nephandus mage, Rod Lightner.

Epi Kurtz (Director, Mars Etectronics)

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Progenitor barabbi

Nature/Demeanor: Praise-Seeker/Traditionalist
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Dodge 2, Instruction 2,

Intuition 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Firearms 2, Research 5, Stealth 2, Technology 5
Knowledges: Computer 4, Cosmology 2, Investigation 2,
Medicine 5, Occult 2, Science 5 (Biology)
Backgrounds: Arcane 1, Avatar 3, Node 5 (The Rift)
Spheres: Entropy 2, Forces 2, Life 5, Matter 1, Prime 3
Willpower: 7
Arete: 4
Quintessence: 3
Paradox: 5
Merits/Flaws: Eidetic Memory

Image: Eldin isa thin, sullen African-American science
nerd. His brow n skin has an unhealthy, jaundiced yellow cast
to it. He has oily, unkempt hair and is balding on top. He

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvvovvvivrvivrivrevrievrevriovyvewyweweVy WW VW

A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

usually wears a lab coat over a rumpled suit, or more likely a
Black Dog Games T-shirt. He has to wear thick glasses, and
has a perpetually stricken expression on his face.

Roleplaying Notes: Damn your old man! Damn
Lightner! And while you're at it, damn you too! Things are
going to blow up in your face, you just know it. All the latest
Experiment IV readings are off the scale! Dad didn't have the
faintest idea of what he was starting, but Lightner obviously
does. This scares the hell out of you.

Background: The son of Mars Electronics founder,
Cyrus Kurtz, Eldin inherited the job when his father died in
the 1990 blast. A brilliant scientist like his father, Eldin was
the only one with the knowledge to finish the project.
Pentex and Rod Lightner have made sure that he doesn't
quit. An avid roleplayer since college, Eldin uses fantasy to
escape the horrific realities of his life.

Equipment: Laptop computer, gaming dice, dogeared
copy of Black Dog Games' Zombie: The Putrescence™

Note: Kurtz is attending the gaming convention at the
Monolith Hotel (see above). He avoids conflict with any
supernatural types (e.g., the characters), and can summon
his First Team via subdermal radio if he gets into any trouble.
Although Kurtz is Nephandi, he may decide that Lightner is
going too far.

LigHtNer's PARtY

The night of January 3rd is Lightner's big bash. As men-
tioned on his radio show, the guest list boasts celebrities such as
the lieutenant governor and various sports figures. The only
women at the party are single and beautiful. Cavendish and two
of the Hetaerae (Rati and Iolanthe) are also present. The party
is by invitation only, but determined characters may wrangle an
invitation or enter in disguise. Lightner's home is a luxurious,
secluded mansion. It is on five acres of its own property and
heavily wooded. It is well-guarded by men with automatic
weapons. The party is held around an indoor/outdoor Olympic
pool. Mirrored glass encases most of the pool room. The guests
may look out, but no one can see in from the outside.

The party is a "smoke-filled room" affair. Political cro-
nies receive payoffs and flirt (or more) with the female "party
favors." (Female characters may be completely disgusted, or
use this as an opportunity to get dirt on Lightner.) Lightner
is flanked by Iolanthe and politely rebuffs any romantic
overtures from anyone else. (He is planning to visit Semiramis'
Loft later that evening.)

Around midnight, the glass around the pool shatters as
bullets rip into the throng. Five guests die and 12 more are
injured; the characters may also be hit. One of Lightner's
sycophants pulls out a gun and fires at Lightner. Cavendish
pushes Lightner out of the way, but is grazed in the process.
Guards quickly subdue the gunman, who accuses Lightner of
"selling out America." Characters with telepathy may detect

that the assassin has been brainwashed. The assassin is also
insane, however. Any information gained from him is frac-
tured and maddeningly inconclusive.

The bullets from outside were fired by six members of
Lightner's security force. They too show evidence of mental
tampering. After the initial volley they pull back to a
defensive position, firing on anyone who approaches. The
men are armed with assault rifles and are well-trained (Dex-
terity 3, Firearms 3). Lightner is grateful to Cavendish, who
privately tells him, "We Nephandi have to stick together."

The next morning, the assassination attempt is all over
the news. Lightner goes on his radio show and dramatically
describes his narrow escape from a "liberal hit-squad." The
real force behind the assassination attempt is a Sabbat
assassin called White Lily.

Roo Ligntyer

Essence: Primordial

Nature/Demeanor: Fanatic/Traditionalist

Tradition: New World Order barabbi

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4 (7 — Eyepiece), Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 4, Brawl 4,

Dodge 4, Expression 5, Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, Leadership 2, Meditation 3,

Melee 2, Research 3, Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Computer 2, Cosmology 2, Enigmas 2, Inves-

tigation 3, Law 1, Linguistics 1 (Ancient Chaldean), Wyrm

Lore 3, Occult 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 2, Avatar 4, Destiny 4,

Influence 3, Node 2, Resources 5, Talisman 4 (Blast Pistol

and Spirit Goggles; see Mage: The Ascension).

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 2, Forces 3, Life 4,

Mind 3, Prime 2, Spirit 1

Willpower: 8

Arete: 4

Quintessence: 4

Paradox: 4

Merits/Flaws: Media Ties, Political Ties/Overconfident,

Driving Goal

Equipment: Suit, dress blues, limo, copy of own biography.
Image: A large and physically fit man in his late 40s,

Lightner has "retired military" stamped all over him. He has

short, neatly combed silver hair. He wears conservative business

suits (though he tends toward flashy ties) or rugged hunting

gear. Hestill drags his dress uniform out for special occasions. He

alternates facial expressions, usually switching between one of

grim determination and one of reasonable appeal. Lately, how-

ever, some fans have noticed a strange gleam in his eye.

vvivvivvvvyvvyvvyvvyvvyvwvye vy wvyvwvy wv ww Ww YW

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND


_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__

Roleplaying Notes: You were the archetypal Tech-
nocrat, so sure in your charts and macroeconomic
computer models. You fine-tuned the world, keeping the
insanity of the nether regions at bay. Or so you thought.
Your investigation into a mysterious artifact called the
Hunger Stone led you to Istanbul. You spent most of your
time there in a cloud. There were mages there, and
vampires as well. You drank of the holy nectar of the
Wyrm. The scales fell from your eyes, and its power stood
before you. You predicted the circus's coming. You knew
what you must do.

Background: Lightner Awakened as he lay bleeding
to death on the jungle floor during the Vietnam War.
Miraculously surviving, he became an up-and-coming
power within the New World Order after a dishonorable
discharge (the circumstances are never spoken about). An
expert at forwarding the Technocracy agenda, he manipu-
lated paradigms like most people flip them. Early in his
career he became obsessed with finding a powerful artifact
known as the Hunger Stone. While investigating its
whereabouts in Turkey, the young Technomancer ran
afoul of the powerful Nephandi/Setite coalition. The two
forces easily coopted the young mage through seduction
and promises of power.

Now secretly a member of the Nephandi, Lightner
returned to America. There he continued his affiliation
with the Technocracy, while also gaining power in Pentex.
Using both parties' resources and his questionable status
as a war hero to create a small radio empire, Lightner
fashioned a reputation to many as the only "common
sense" voice on the radio. Lightner uses his show to
forward both Technocracy and Pentex philosophies dis-
guised as "family values." Over the past month, however,
he has traded in his normal supply-sider speeches for a
wild-eyed, pseudo-Biblical rant about the approaching
"end times." His Technocracy superiors are becoming
increasingly alarmed.

Agenda: Release the Atrocity Wave and announce the
primacy of the Wyrm.

Note: Brainwashed by a fringe cult of Nephandi
Wyrm-worshippers, Rod Lightner believes he is a prophet
sent by the Wyrm to announce the beginnings of its reign
on Earth. This position is extreme, even by Nephandi
standards. Any local Pentex, Technocracy and Nephandi
interests in the area will move to stop him if they discover
his plans, or cover the damage up if he succeeds. Lightner
realizes this, but is a true Wyrm fanatic. He is on a
kamikaze run for the Nephandi/Setite coalition, and is
prepared to die.

Quote: I find it strange that you would call me a "fa-
natic." I am merely favored by the Wyrm. When it wraps the
world in its coils and crushes you to dust, we shall see who is
right. Ring the Armageddon Bell loudly, that all may hear!

Waite Liu

Clan: Malkavian antitribu

Sire: Nero

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1776

Apparent Age: 23

Nature/Demeanor: Architect/Loner

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Intimida-
tion 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 5 (Sniper Rifle), Melee
5, Security 3, Stealth 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Black Hand Knowledge 3, Computer 2, Fi-
nance 2, Investigation 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 3
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 3, Dementation 5, Dominate
4, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 6, Potence 1, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Resources 3, Status 3
(Camarilla), Status 2 (Black Hand)

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 5, Morale 4

Path: Power and the Inner Voice 7

Willpower: 8

Merits/Flaws: Iron Will, Daredevil, Code of Honor

Image: White Lily looks like an athletic woman in her mid-
20s. She has blonde hair in a blunt-cut bob, and has a beauty
mark near her mouth. She wears a padded black jumpsuit with
high-laced combat boots. Over this she wears a black leather
jacket with many pockets sewn into it to accommodate her
weapons. She wears round sunglasses and moves like a panther.

Roleplaying Notes: You are of the Black Hand and go
wherever it tells you. You travel the world, destroying those
Kindred who endanger your sect. An unknown mage has
violated even the precepts of his impure coven, the Nephandi.
He is setting an undesirable chain of events in motion right
in the middle of New York, the Sabbat's most important
regional stronghold. You must destroy him before he can do
great harm. Nothing must stop you.

Background: Almost nothing is known of White Lily's
past. Presumably Embraced by a powerful Black Hand assassin,
White Lily quickly took to both the ideology and the training
of the sect. She is one of the Hand's most reliable agents, and
has also maintained an identity within the Camarilla.

Equipment: Sniper rifle, sai, pistol with silencer, silver bullets

Note: At the time of the party Lily is not yet certain that
Lightner is her target, and staged the assassination attempt to
flush him out of hiding. She used a combination of Dominate and
Dementation to turn Lightner's guards against him and obscure
her path. She may make short-term alliances to further her ends,
but only on her terms. She considers the circus unimportant, and
will not attempt to damage it unless it gets in her way.

famed
116

Vuv viv -Y Vv Vv vv VY GviovV Vv Vv Vv Vv ov WV

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vVvvy iv

SANDRA WARDEN

Late that night, Sandra Warden enters the carnival grounds
(unless she has already done so with the characters) searching for
her son. Zimbra quickly captures her and throws her into the Ferris
wheel. Unless she is rescued, Apophis devours her within 18 hours.

JANUARY 47H

The cold snap continues with intermittent flurries. There is
another Bane spike at Mars Electronics. Experiment V's readings
go off the scale, and some Banes almost escape the building.
During the ruckus, one of the imprisoned Fianna escapes and flees
blindly into the local Penumbra. First Team #212 sets out in hot
pursuit. Kurtz tries to pull the plug on the experiment, but to no
avail. The musicians stop playing, but the music continues. Kurtz
calls Lightner, who tells him to "handle it."

Sewer Wouves

Early that night there is a news story about a sewer worker
being attacked by a wolf somewhere in Devil's Town. The man
encountered the escaped Fianna, who is wandering trancelike in
the sewers. The pursuing First Team is quickly running him to
ground. Hearing the news, the Circus Lupus decides to investi-
gate. The characters may look into it, and the circus freak Tub of

Flesh is drawn to the activity while wandering in the sewers on an
unrelated matter. This isa chance for the Storyteller to run an all-
out firefight in the sewers. The characters may aid any or no sides.
The Circus Lupus and the First Team will almost certainly fight
each other. The Fianna is badly deranged, and babbles about a low
glass building (Mars Electronics) if rescued. The Circus Lupus will
either try to contact other New York City Garou or ask the
characters to escort the Fianna to safety.

Tue Circus Lurus

The Circus Lupus are a racially diverse pack of Bone Gnawer
cubs who have gained status and experience well beyond their
years. The pack has made it their mission to protect the weakest
members Insc ciety, the se whom noone else will look after. Te ) this
end they have taken up arms against the Young Bloods, as well as
their suspected masters in Pentex (see Project Twilight). They
recently burned down a Magadon warehouse, and Pentex now has
afileon them. Despite their grubby demeanor and appeareance, the
Circus Lupus have a very good reputation with the people of New
York, and even have friendly ties with the police. Pentex may have
more trouble than usual using the police to curb their activities. The
Circus Lupus are not particularly powerful, but they are a cohesive
actly what

group and very loyal to each other. They do not know
Mars Electronic
connections and is working on something sinister. The pack will
share this knowledge with the characters if they trust them.

s up to, though they now suspect it has Pentex

vvovovvrvrvrvrevievrvrevrveé vwiwésY

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND


A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__

Anate (Pack Leaper)

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Bone Gnawers
Nature/Demeanor: Architect/Alpha
Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7), Stamina 3
(5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance 2
(1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empa-
thy 3, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Melee 2, Leadership 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguistics 1
(Spanish), Occult 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Fetish 3, Kinfolk 2
Gifts: (1) Cooking, Mother's Touch, Persuasion, Sense
Wyrm, Spirit Speech (2) Blissful Ignorance, Jam Technol-
ogy, Staredown

Rank: 2

Rage 6, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7

Rites: (Mystic) Rite of Talisman Dedication

fy cM
(Mee |

Fetishes: Fang Dagger

Image: Angela Carlotti, or "Angie" to her friends, is a
pale 12-year-old girl of Italian descent. She is extremely thin,
almost emaciated, and has somewhat pinched features with
ahawkish nose. She has long, straight, dirty-blonde hair, and
wears worn jeans and a denim jacket. Her eyes are sharp and
predatory, betraying a seriousness far beyond her age.

Roleplaying Notes: You don't like to kill, but it's got to
be done. There's people out there needs protectin', and there's
others who do the killin'. Sometimes they kills with a can of
gasoline and a match; others do their killin' with paper, and
laws, and poisons. Some killers wear leather, like those
Young Bloods. Others wear nice suits like those Wyrm-
things in Mars and Magadon. Don't matter. Either way,
they're bad men and they got to pay.

Background: Angie was born and raised in Devil's
Town. Her mother was an alcoholic and her father commit-
ted suicide when she was six. Fortunately her uncle, a Bone
Gnawer pack leader, recognized her Garou heritage and saw
her through her First Change. Six months later a Pentex First
Team killed him. Unimpressed by the adult world's inability
to punish evil and help the weak, Angie formed her own pack
of cubs. The Circus Lupus has been at war with first the
Young Bloods and now Pentex for over a year.

Equipment: Fang Dagger, street clothes, walkie-talkie.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

Vuviv VvivyivVgwrVY vy Vv Vv Vv iV VY VV icv ve

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Circus Lupus Garou

Besides Angie, the Circus Lupus has five other members
of varying breeds and auspices. Most are Bone Gnawer cubs,
though there is one Red Talon in their ranks. Their names are
Kyle, Chester, Gracie, Donna and Hrar Swipes-the-Wyrm's-
Stuff (the Red Talon). The followingare sample characteristics.
Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6), Stamina 3
(5/6/6/5)
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0), Appearance 2
(1/0/2/2)
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 2, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 5
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Performance 2, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Occult 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5
Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Blur of the Milky Eye, Heightened
Senses, Leap of the Kangaroo, Scent of Running Water
Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7
Rank: |
Equipment: None

First Team #212

First Team #212 is the designated defense team for Mars
Electronics and reports directly to Eldin Kurtz. However,
they really take their orders from Rod Lightner, who uses
them as his personal assault team. The team receives orders
from both Kurtz and Lightner through subdermal radios
implanted in the base of their skulls.

Ou" One-Eve (Serceant)
Nature/Demeanor: Survivor/Traditionalist
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4 (Boxing), Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4 (Assault Rifle), Leadership 4,
Melee 3, Repair 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 1, Occult 1, Pentex
Lore 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Fetish 3, Rank 2, Re-
sources 3
Willpower: 7
Flaw: One Eye

Image: A short, burly man in his early 40s, Ol' One-Eye
looks like a sergeant from an old World War II comic book.
He has a graying buzzcut and chomps on foul-smelling
stogies. He wears a bizarre pair of goggles (his Power Goggles)
and a flak jacket that acts as three points of body armor.

Roleplaying Notes: Aw, geez! What a buncha freaks they
got you workin' with this time. No company loyalty at all! You
have nothing against fomori per se. It's just that these ones are
too damn screwed up. You feel like one of those sergeants in
those WWII movies, the kind who has to take a bunch of
lovable misfits and turn them into a fightin' team. Good luck
with these freaks. Still, what the company wants, the company
gets. The company's been better to you than anyone, even if
Black Dog Games got your Wrath™ card wrong. You fanati-
cally devour every bit of company news. If you have any "fault"
it's that you are more loyal to Pentex than to the Wyrm. The
Pentex Board of Directors are like gods to you; you've even met
some of them. That's why you keep that scrapbook.

Background: Caught in 12 major bombardments during
the Vietnam War, Roger Stevens left the Army a little shaky.
He got a Purple Heart for the eye he lost, and a heroin habit.
He spent some time as a gang enforcer before coming into
Pentex's sway. It was as if he was born again. He beat his habit,
and now only gets "high" on the latest company memo.

Equipment: Power Goggles, dogtags, scrapbook, M-16
with silver bullets, fragmentation grenades

Note: A Pentex zealot, Ol' One-Eye keeps a scrapbook
of all the Pentex bigwigs that he has met over the years. This
book has more names and faces in it than most Garou
Monkeywrenchers will collect in a lifetime. Ol' One Eye's
book would be worth a lot to Pentex's enemies. Some players
may recognize his image from one of the Tellus video games
in Arcadeia (see Chapter Three).

Quote: Incoming!

Cuavreust & DANseUSE

Fomori Breed: Hollow Men

Nature/Demeanor: Predator/Deviant

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4 (7), Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4 (0 close up)
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Performance 4
(Dance), Stealth 5, Webmaking 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2 (French, Russian),
Occult 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Consecrated (Defiler Wyrm), Fetish 3,
Rank 1, Resources 3

Powers: Dispersion, Fangs, Mega-Dexterity (+3), Prolonged
Life, Regeneration, Scent of the Wyld, Venomous Bite, Wall
Walking, Webbing

Taints: Breed Prejudice, Derangement (Choromania), The
Fading, Rotting

Willpower: 7

Fetishes: Fomorol

Merits/Flaws: Ambidextrous/Intolerance (Men)

vvvvvvvvvvvvevyvvyv wv vv Ww WW YW

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND

—T
119


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4

Image: The Rampall sisters are empty bags of skin and
bones, animated by thousands of black widows. While both
women appear beautiful from a distance, closer examination
reveals that they are decomposing mannequins of flesh.
Their skin undulates slightly, and occasionally spiders crawl
from open spots in their skin. The two wear heavy concealing
clothes (trenchcoats, sunglasses, etc.) to conceal this fact.
Underneath their coats they usually wear leather dom out-
fits. They have large holes gnawed in their flesh from when
they tried to eat each other.

Roleplaying Notes: Whenever you are sad or lonely,
the spiders tell you what to do.

Background: Aspiring dancers in Paris during the
1920s, the Rampall sisters were a minor sensation by the
age of 18. Abducted from their dressing room one night,
they were locked in a dank cellar. Given neither food nor
water for eight days they ate insects to ward off starvation.
In the dark of the cellar they were unaware that most of
the insects were Wyrm-corrupted black widows. These
Banes made them hungrier still, until they finally turned
tocannibalism. The spiders multiplied inside their corpses,
displacing their remaining internal organs by sheer mass.
They were now of the Hollow Men, one of the oldest and
most vicious of the fomor races. After killing the Hollow
Man responsible for their transformation, they wandered
the world, wreaking vengeance on all men. Eventually
they came into contact with Pentex, which persuaded
them to kill only "certain" men.

Equipment: Uzi with silver bullets, silver knife, sun-
glasses, trenchcoat

Quote: Itsy-bitsy spider crawls all around my brain. Plucks
at my nerves and drives me quite insane.

Tentow Jeto-Doaa

Nature/Demeanor: Reveler/Rebel

Physical: Strength 3 (8), Dexterity 3 (4), Stamina 4 (6)
Social: Charisma | (0), Manipulation 2 (0), Appearance 2 (0)
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 2, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Resources 2

Powers (Ooze Form Only): Body Expansion, Chameleon
Coloration, Ectoplasmic Extrusion, Extra Speed (3),
Malleate, Mega-Dexterity, Mega-Strength, Mega-Stamina,
Plasmic Form, Regeneration, Slobber Snot, Toxic Secre-
tions, Umbral Passage

Taints: Addiction (Magadon Drugs), Brainwashed, The
Crusties, Doomed (2), Ugly as Sin, Worms

Willpower: 7

Image: In his human form, Wienerke is a tall, gangly
man in his late 20s. He has wild, unkempt hair and wears a
Lynyrd Skynyrd T-shirt. In his "ooze form," he is a vast,
roiling mass of glistening yellow-green mucus, stinking like
rotten eggs.

Roleplaying Notes: Howooooo0! Just a fun-lovin' party
animal, that's you! The rest of the team's way too serious; you
try to cheer them up from time to time. Morale's important
when fighting those tree-huggin' Gaia-mutts. The others
think you're stupid, but you've proven time and again that
you can beat most anything on two (or four) legs. You are the
chosen one of Lord Collum and Lady Yul, the lords of sludge
and poison. You know this because they tell you so!

Background: Not rich enough to be a drunken frat-boy,
Martin Wienerke at least got the drunk part down-pat.
Going by the motto that "life is a party," Martin crashed
every party he could find. He took great pride in being able
to drink everyone under the table. One night he was by the
railyards and ran into a scary bunch of vagrants. They had
some kick-butt "glow-juice" which gave him super powers!
He realized he could make the world safe for all Wyrm-kind
and joined Pentex.

In reality, Wienerke was an experiment gone wrong.
Pentex was experimenting to see how many Wakshaani and
H'rugglings (see Book of the Wyrm) they could inject into a
human. The result was an extremely potent fomor who could
transform into a giant pool of toxic sludge. Wienerke was at
first intractable, but Pentex eventually brainwashed him into
thinking the Wyrm had chosen him for a great destiny.

Equipment: Magadon drugs, ragged street clothes, First
Team uniform

Note: Wienerke believes he hears the voices of powerful
Wyrm lords telling him what to do, but these orders really
come from Pentex viaa gelatinous radio receiver in his brain.
A Net Spider protects it from tampering.

Quote: Ooze Power on!

EveANT TERRIBLE

Contrary to Sandra Warden's belief, her son is not a
Drone, nor has he ever been one. Sandra, in her grief and
ignorance about wraithly existence, did not see that Marcus
was actually still in his Caul, a wraith waiting to be born.
After weeks of struggle, he finally manages to wriggle out of
his Caul and escape the nightly wreck. Marcus is a bright
10-year-old boy with an impish sense of humor. By January
2nd, he will be out and about in the circus. While he
neither knows nor understands what Zimbra and Baroque
truly are, they frighten him, so he avoids them. So far, he
has managed to stay hidden from them, mostly through
luck. Watching the various circus people, he picks up quite
a bit of information, although what he actually saw will get

cd
120

Vv Vv Vv Vv (7 Vv Vv Vv vvye4vevpeqgg§éi VFG#OEKW'iov Vv Vv -v@

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

a A A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A—A—A—A_A_A

alittle garbled in translation since he knows nothing about
the supernatural. One thing he notices is Baroque's Arti-
fact, the Hand of the Yama Kings. It looks like something
important, but he doesn't know why. He also thinks the
Ferris wheel is something bad, a hunch confirmed when he
sees his mother suspended on it six hours after her entrance
into the circus.

This inspires Marcus to action. The next thing the
characters see is Marcus' hotfooting it across the circus
grounds toward the Ferris wheel with the Artifact. This
throws both Baroque and the circus' Spectral contingent
into a panic, and they immediately charge after him. The
characters may decide to help out, or they may simply duck
and cover, but either way there's going to be a lot of
excitement in the park.

If Marcus makes it to the Ferris wheel, the Spectres will
hesitate to go in unless ordered to by Baroque. All wraiths
who enter the wheel suffer the damage inflicted by it. The
Spectres don't gain Snares, but do suffer other penalties, and
at least one will be destroyed. The Artifact will protect
Marcus from the worst of the storm's ravages, but he lacks the
experience (and Arcanos) to navigate the Tempest. The
only way he may escape is with character aid. If the charac-
ters don't help Marcus, he and his mother are quickly ground
down into Oblivion. The Artifact will then disappear into

the Void forever. However, if characters help him, he may
escape alone or even rescue his mother. The Hand may still
be lost in the rescue, and even if the characters rescue Marcus
and Sandra, there's still Baroque to deal with.

JANUARY STH

The weather gets much warmer and much of the snow
melts. There isn't another Bane spike during the day, but
Kurtz's data suggests the biggest surge is yet to come. Kurtz
gives up on trying to convince Lightner, and goes over
Lightner's head to both his Nephandi and Technocracy
superiors. The Technocracy dispatches a Hit-Mark V (see
Mage: The Ascension) to deal with Lightner.

Astante AND CALABRIS

Shortly after sundown, Astarte returns to the Gilded
Lily, this time accompanied by Calabris, Dr. Owl and two
troll guards. They go to the ballroom, and Astarte takes out

her Spriggan's Jar. A bright light envelops the Silver Elm,
which quickly consumes itself. Astarte has placed the Silver
Elm in her miniature Arcadia. She has also removed the only
safety valve in the entire Waste Land. The Atrocity Wave
may, or may not, occur at this instant.

vvvovevevevyvpeqvypevyvpeVYiVYVYV'YWVWYWVWYY'YWVWYWY WY

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND

121

If the characters find out about Astarte's second visit
(possibly from Cherie), they may attempt to stop her. She
is prepared for trouble, and the characters may wish to
consider the ramifications of attacking her covey (two-
thirds of the Infernal Trinity are here). If the characters
choose to fight, the Storyteller should run combat nor-
mally, letting the cards fall where they may. If they are
losing, Astarte and company flee through Wayfare. If the
characters attempt to reason with Astarte, perhaps con-
fronting her with the rapidly deteriorating state of the
Penumbra, they may convince her to desist. Astarte merely
wants the tree, not to waste New York.

Tue Siwver ELM

Astarte believes (correctly) that the Silver Elm is a
descendent of the original sacred tree planted by Namrael
the Enochite (see History). Although the elm would be a
great prize for her, she would ultimately corrupt it through
her very proximity. If she realizes this, she might just
relinquish it. The Silver Elm is a powerful but weakened
sentinel against the Defiler Wyrm. If it is destroyed or
removed, the Rift grows unchecked, resulting in another
Atrocity Wave. The tree is strong with cleansing Wyld
energies, and has a benign chimerical aspect. If rescued, it
may also serve as a powerful Node, or as the cornerstone of
acaern or freehold. If properly tended (in both the Penum-
bra and the Dreaming), it may spring back to full life.

Tue Rurt

The Rift is a jagged wound in the fabric of the Tellurian
created by the first Atrocity Wave. There is only a paper-
thin wall between the Atrocity Realm and the Penumbra.
A second wave may rupture it completely. Atrocity Realm
Banes and other monsters routinely enter the Penumbra
here, their numbers ever increasing. Other side realms such
as the Dreaming and the Shadowlands will also be affected
by another Atrocity Wave. The mundane world may sus-
tain damage as well.

Fortuna's WHEEL

Gambling Night at Fortuna's Wheel is the final major
attraction performed by the circus. The tent is full of dozens
of people trying their luck. Cavendish runs the show, and
some of the Hetaerae manage the tables. Among the guests
are Cherie, Lord Riverthrush and Rod Lightner. Cherie
looks pensive, while Lightner looks triumphant. Cherie
and Riverthrush have made another fruitless search for
Alexander before coming here.

The circus eventually allows Cherie to see the Horned
Man. He implores her to forget him, but she won't listen.
Cavendish offers her a deal. Cherie wagers her soul against

his freedom on a single spin of the roulette wheel. If she
wins, he goes free; if she loses, she gains an instant five Barbs
and becomes part of the carnival. The odds, of course,
heavily favor the house. Cavendish uses his magick to cheat
if necessary, while Cherie gets some help from Riverthrush
who uses a Forces Effect to affect the motion of the ball.
Naturally, Cavendish's magick is stronger. If any of the
other characters join in, the contest may get very interest-
ing, especially if someone uses static magic (Disciplines,
Gifts, etc.). Gambling night is the last chance for anyone to
eliminate Snares and Barbs. Although the circus cheats at
gambling, a powerful supernatural contract forces it to
honor its karmic debts.

Lightner is playing, and winning. He is ostensibly
playing for money, but the wagers are really for greater
stakes. Convinced that the carnival is a Wyrm ally, he
considers the wager to be something of a game. He gambles
his soul in return for true knowledge of the Defiler Wyrm's
mind. (The circus really can grant this boon.) The gam-
bling comes down to a final spin of the wheel — and
Lightner loses. The room seems to dim around him, though
none of the un-Awakened humans notice anything amiss.
Twisted creatures appear around him, pinching and tor-
menting him from the Penumbra and the Dreaming.
Lightner, realizing that he is in great peril, attempts to
escape through vulgar Correspondence magick. Nothing
happens. Panicked, he flees the now-grinning faces of
Cavendish and Astarte. Lightner flees the tent on foot, and
feels some of his power return. The Trinity makes no move
to stop him, but the characters may do as they please. If they
go after Lightner, he is now dangerous like an injured
animal. He still maintains his power, but is leaking Quin-
tessence. No matter what happens next, he is doomed.

Screaming that "the end is near," Lightner may attempt
to make his way to Mars Electronics to set off the Atrocity
Wave (if it hasn't gone off already). Lightner may be stopped
by White Lily, Kurtz, the Hit-Mark V or the characters. Or
he may succeed...

Atone point Cavendish goes behind the tent to speak
with an eight-year-old girl of apparently Egyptian origin
and a smelly man in a ragged trenchcoat. The girl is
wearing modern clothes, but has two gold serpent arm-
bracelets. The man wears a slouch hat and speaks in a
gurgling rasp. If the characters remove his trenchcoat,
they see that he is literally turned inside out. Cavendish
is deferential, almost obsequious in their presence, as it's
time to pay the carnival's "shareholders" their percentage.
The girl is really an infernal servant of Apophis, while the
man is a powerful servitor of the Defiler Wyrm. Either of
them is probably capable of destroying the characters, but
will still seek to avoid confrontation. If the troupe pre-
vents Cavendish from paying the tithe, it may bode ill for
the Ringmaster.

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_j

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDIGHT CIRCUS

vv Vv vvyVYVvVYvygvwiwitvpgw$ewiovijVvy vw iovsYv ~+yv

'

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Tne Parkers Repux

Atthesame time, the Parkers are keeping their appointment
with Baroque in the House of Mirrors (if the characters did not
convince them otherwise). The characters may go along with
them. The mirror maze rapidly envelops them, harrying them to
the side realm where Mordblund is staked (see Chapter Three).

Baroque awaits on the realm's "event horizon," a place between
the living and the dead. Baroque is polite at first, assuring Stacey
that she is "doing the right thing" as he lures her into the mirror

realm. If he still has Hand of the Yama Kings, he can attempt to

pull her into the Shadowlands from here. If the Artifact was lost,
then he must settle for the mirror realm. Other characters may
follow the two through the mirror. If a fight ensues and blood
flows, Mordblund will have agreat deal to feed on. The characters
are also at risk from the realm sealing them in.

If Baroque does get Stacey into the Shadowlands, he
attempts to cut her unborn child out of her. She is later found
broken and bloodied (but alive) on the outskirts of the city
— sans baby. If the characters are not privy to the situation,
or fail to save her, her only hope is Calabris. If Calabris finds

out about Baroque's plans he will stop him, if for no other
reason than he hates him (though the spirit of Cara may be
the truer motive). Despite his necromantic abilities, Baroque
is the less powerful of the two. Calabris should give him a
long-overdue thrashing.

Exreriment IV

The Atrocity Wave may erupt at any number of points
during the adventure, or not at all. It may activate during an
attack on Mars Electronics (see below), or if the Silver Elm
is removed. If the Silver Elm stays in place it may prevent the
wave indefinitely. The Atrocity Wave may also go off during
any of the Bane spikes, or if accelerated by Lightner. The
danger is at its highest on the night of January 5th.

Tre Wome

Experiment IV is located at Mars Electronics, centered
in a well-guarded room known as the Womb. The Womb
consists of a large, darkened dais filled with arcane,
semiorganic-looking machinery. The missing musicians are
here, immersed in plastic tubes of a viscous fluid. This liquid
consists of semi-materialized Atrocity Realm Psychomachiae
(see Werewolf: The Apocalypse). The Wyrm-mix writhes
around the musicians. Each musician is playing an instru-
ment, though their movements are slow and languid within
the liquid. They are attached to numerous monitoring cables,
and their physical needs (food, air, blood, waste removal,
etc.) are tended by umbilical cords. Pentex scientists moni-
tor them from a heavily shielded observation booth. A
distorted, but strangely beautiful music echoes throughout

voVvV wiiVeVYifwihVvsovwogeMWioviiviviovwyyvy v vVivewvwi+yyeéiefeev

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND

"TT
123

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A—_A—A—_A_A_A4

the chamber. This music causes nightmarish visions and surviving with their sanity intact. The Storyteller may de-
cannot be shut out by any means. These images are all of | cide whether the Atrocity Wave goes beyond the walls of
torture and mindless brutality. Mars Electronics.
If the characters enter the Womb, they may attempt to

free (kill or whatever) the musicians to stop the experiment. Arrermati

(This strategy is not effective after the second Bane spike, Mars's new shielding may hold, in which case only those
however.) In this event the Psychomachiae attempt to inthe Womb must deal with the consequences of the Atrocity
possess the intruders, turning them on each other. These are — Wave. If the shielding does not hold, however, the Atrocity
particularly powerful Banes, saturated with the power of the | Wave may affect the observation booth, the plant or even the
Defiler Wyrm. If the characters are winning, the scientistsin surrounding city. In the worst-case scenario, the wave ex-
the observation booth may choose to initiate the final plodes from the confines of the building, killing everyone ina
protocol of the experiment by feeding Kurtz's formula to the — one-block radius. Casualties may vary depending on the
mix. They are reluctant to do this because it may lead to weather, time of day, etc. The local police arrive, as do other
another Atrocity Wave. They are also not sure of their emergency personnel. Pentex immediately dispatches both
"improved" shielding. If this occurs, a ripple of mind-bend- elite killers and PR wizards to minimize the damage. The
ing horror rips through the basement (and beyond?).Everyone characters may use the incident to expose Pentex. At most,
in the vicinity dies in horror. Un-Awakened humans don't — Mars Electronics may plead guilty to conducting "secret gas

stand a chance. Supernatural beings have anarrow chance of __ experiments." The government will be reluctant to prosecute.

Kindred are immune to the fatal Garou automatically go sideways
aepeciseatiie A nociegl/aves bur ee into the Atrocity Realm. The Story-
make a Will roll ( difficulty 7 to tellermaywishtoplaythisexcursionifshe

has Umbra: The Velvet Shadow. The
only way to escape is by "dying," after
which the Garoufind themselves back

successes needed). Success means that they
have trouble distinguishing between reality

enterinstantQuietun-
less they make a

and fantasyforafew hours. A failuremeans Willpower roll (difficulty 5
ment. Botch: weLCome to sanity lastsforonetofivedays, ‘lls as:vatnci eee
MalkavIAnTown! although the mystick's friends Geren a

AGM may enteramindscape in order inte pe
to bring her back to sanity. In
most cases, the Quiet warps her
senses and may bring about hob-
goblins, as if the insanity came
from a 10-point Paradox back-
lash. Botchingthe Willpowerroll
traps the unfortunate in a

i ; She goes catatonic
asifshe hadbeenhitwitha 15-

Changelings:
If caught in the wave, the
changeling must make a Will-
power roll (difficulty 7, two successes
needed). Success means that he enters
the first threshold of Bedlam. Those
who fail enter the second threshold,
while those who botch enter the third.
Changelings may heal themselves
with the second level of Primal, or
escape through Wayfare. The,

ths:
Whenstruckbythe A troc-
ity Wave, wraiths take 10 levels of
Corpus (which can be soaked). If a
wraith does not fall into a Harrowing as a
resultoflosingall ofherCorpus,shesuffersno
other adverse effects. Any Harrowing that
she does suffer as a result of the Atrocity
Wave will be a Targeted Corpus Harrow-
ing (See Wraith: The Oblivion 2nd
Edition). When the wraith exits the

vvrviviovivivvvyvvyvvyyéwy+sée?+e=?=sé=?#qtqwvrowvwrswyewvy ww Y
WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A_A_A_A_4_

The Storyteller must decide what ramifications this
incident would have in her chronicle. Whatever happens,
the local Penumbra now has a permanent anchorhead into
the Atrocity Realm. All manner of exceptionally nasty
Banes invade the area. The Storyteller should remember that
the carnival has an affinity with both the Defiler Wyrm and
the Atrocity Realm. Such an eventas the Atrocity Wave will
strengthen them.

Tne Hammer Pats

The Waste Land does not exist in a vacuum. If a second
Atrocity Wave occurs, it will not be as easy to hide as the first
one. Several major powers converge on the area, and attempt
to cover it up for their own reasons. The Technocracy and
Pentex are the most active in this effort. Although they do
not interfere with each other during clean-up operations, the
Technocracy may take a long hard look at Pentex in the
future. With the heavy Technocracy presence in the area,

most of Westborough's supernatural community goes under-
ground. The Sabbat, suddenly finding an increased
appreciation for the Masquerade, also becomes involved in
the whitewash.

Te CARNIVAL DeraRts

In the early morning hours, the carnival mysteriously
vanishes. Only a few un-Awakened people watch it leave,
including a reporter for the local news, but he is unable to
produce proof. If the characters stake out the circus, they may
notice strong Spirit and Dreaming energies coalescing within
before it fades away. Most locals question the circus's in-
volvement, ifany, in the strange events, and soon forget their
concerns. Unless the characters managed to kill some of the
circus's principal players or destroy the carnival irrevocably
(almost but not impossible), the circus probably come out of
things untarnished. It reappears in Peru 18 months later,
where undoubtedly strange goings-on begin all over again....

vvyvyevygqYVY}GVi?YW

a? a Ma ca an a i a A ma aa aa me J

CHAPTER FIVE: THE WASTELAND

125


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4A

APPENDIX

The Midnight Circus is primarily meant to play the role of
antagonist, a dark force for the characters to test themselves against.
The Storyteller may, however, wish to run a brief chronicle based
around the circus, allowing the troupe to play members of the
carnival. Such a chronicle should probably be a short-lived one,
owing to the circus's overall nature and theme (i.e., "You're
doomed."). Below are a few things to keep in mind about life in the
Midnight Circus, whether it is the antagonist or the plot focus.

Pinsis

Time isa maddening, inconstant thing to those in the circus.
Decades turn into centuries for circus folk. Immune to the ravages
of time, new members quickly forget friends and family in the
outside world; often when a carny "wakes up," she finds that her
acquaintances are long dead. Time in the circus dilates; the vast
majority of existence seems almost timeless, one year blurring into
the next. This sense of eternity causes a profound lethargy among
most of the circus, who frequently learn to live only in the current
moment. Even the Infernal Trinity is not completely immune.

Sometimes, however, time contracts in periods referred to as
Physis. During Phys
the circus. A sudden sense of urgency overcomes the deniz
though they are suddenly awakening from a deep slumber. These
events happen for no known reason (though some suspect the
circus's fae aspect), andat inconstant intervals. Physis has become
more frequent in the last century. At such times power in the
circus may shift; long-standing alliances may shatter and fall.

s, there is frenetic activity on most levels of

NS, as

The Storyteller may wish to set her campaign during a time
of Physis, or by following a series of such "awakenings" through-
out history. One scene could occur during the fall of Rome, the
next during the French Revolution or World War II. The
Waste Land adventure, for example, may occur during a stretch
of Physis. The players would encounter the Waste Land from
the circus's point of view, resulting in a completely different
story. During such a period the characters may make new
alliances, attempt a revolt against the Infernal Trinity, or even
escape. After Physis ends, things stultify again, freezing the
results in place. The higher circles of power in the circus undergo
Physis more frequently than the lower ones, giving them a great
tactical advantage over their "sleepier" colleagues. This par-
tially explains why the power structure within the carnival
rarely changes. The Infernal Trinity is virtually unassailable.

Armrition

Few even attempt to rise in the circus's hierarchy. In a pla

where just keeping one's head above water from day to day is
triumph enough, few wish the added burden of political intrigue.
Some members do angle for power, however. Asarule, nobody ever
attempts to gain a position more than one step above their current
circle. Thus, Koba may covet Bishop's second circle position as
head clown, but could hardly conceive of taking a seat in the
Infernal Trinity. Someone who advances a circle is usually many
decades, even centuries, in place before they make any progress
toward the next level. Punishment for those who fail in a coup

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS

vvvoivivivivvyvvyvvyvvyvevyvwwvye iv vywywyvysij'?ywyvyiy

attempt is harsh indeed. At the very least, the loser fallsa circle and
suffers a huge decrease in power. Other punishments may include
mental degeneration, loss of magical powers or enslavement to the
victor. These punishments may be enacted by the Infernal Trinity,
the victor or by the inherent nature of the circus. The circus is a
harsh mistress, and does not tolerate dissension in its ranks.

The INPeRNAL TRINITY

The Infernal Trinity is not merely a configuration of ceremo-
nial positions, but an integral part of the circus's mystic being. The
members and general nature of the Trinity may change over the
millennia, but its presence is the carnival's great constant. In the
present Trinity, Calabris rules over the circus's surface nature.
The mystical carnival laws are under his governance, and this
affords him great advantage in dealing with the outside world.
Without Calabris, the circus would lose much of its Chimerstry
Glamour, thus becoming more vulnerable to the light of truth.

Cavendish is the circus's middleman. He controls the
coinage by which the circus operates in this plane. He deals with
the circus's Wyrm and infernal patrons. Without his continuing
presence, the debits accumulated during his tenure would come
due. Were this to happen, the circus's "Board of Directors"
might well decide a purging of the ranks to be in order.

Astarte is the closest to the circus's true nature (that of entropy)
and its prime force, Apophis. She is also the carnival's guide. Without
her the circus is crippled, like a ship without a rudder. She also protects
the circus from Apophis and absorbs most of the void energies that
might otherwise damage the othercamies. Each member of the Trinity
isintegral to the carnival'ssurvival; they alsorealize that they need each
other. Despite their mutual distrust, they are a cohesive force.

FRIENDSHIP

Strong friendships may arise among the carnival's deni-
zens. Although few know much about the circus's true nature,
they all have one thing in common — their servitude. When
you're huddled against the storm, friendship is one of the few
things that may stave off oblivion.

Lire AND DEATH f,

The circus protects its children. As long as they avoid
death by violent means and resist the grind of oblivion, they
can conceivably live forever. (In reality most denizens, espe-
cially wraiths, quickly succumb to the Void.) Besides greatly
lengthened life-spans, each member has five lives —as long as
they die while within the circus's physical borders. Few of the
circusfolkrealize this. Membersdie, only toreappearashorttime
later; apparently little the worse for wear. Fellow carnival
members accept this sort of thing as just "something that happens."
The Infernal Trinity forbids the murder of other carnival members,
though they occasionally turn a blind eye — after all, each life
counts as an "infernal debit," thereby helping the circus turn a
sinister profit. Some attempt final escape from the circus by dying
outside the carnival grounds. (The Board considers this poor
form.) Those who manage to do so may escape the circus's
clutches, unless they come back as wraiths.

i

Vv. VY Vv Vay VO VOY OV CV OV OV Wey

V

ty fh oh Le: e.
5 ai

|

My

)

APPENDIX


|
Fi
4
A
;
4

STEP RIGHT UF RIGHT THIS WAY

For centuries, almost millennia, it has travelled the — (ee
backroads and byways of the World of Darkness. And as
it wandered, the stain on its festival soul thickened. Now =|
it answers to the name of Anastagio's Olde Time Lunar iy
Carnival and Midnight Circus. Its taste for souls has grown
ever keener, and it's still hungry. The calliope beckons like
a lorelei... will you enter?

A PITTANCE TO ENTER, A LIFETIME TO PLAY

Within the tents and sideshows of the Midnight Circus lurk
horrors and visions that stretch and defy the imagination. But the
Circus is not managed by mortals, oh no. Fae glamours mix with
eldritch magicks; the Kindred quietly stroll along the midway
while the Restless Dead flit through the carnival air. Garou or
mage, undead or living, there's something to suit everybody's
tastes in the Midnight Circus. And the ticket's a bargain
at twice the price! Just watch where you step and what
you look at, because not all the attractions are free...

WORLD OF DARKNESS: MIDNIGHT CIRCUS
INCLUDES:

© Details on a whole new threat to the World
of Darkness.
¢ Circus folk, both sympathetic and irredeemable,
compatible with all five game lines.
¢ "The Waste Land," an adventure in which players
must confront a bizarre menace while dealing

j Cuariston, GA 30021

USA
GAME STUDIO®

V

[i wow

Me With the siren call of the Midnight Circus.
> !
a GAMES FOR MARERE Hinds
: plate el aaa
WW 3068 $15.00
| 780 Punk Nori BOULEARD
| Su 10
