# File: Midnight Express.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A journey of Mystery and Adventure
for Wrath: The Oblivion"

W £27 @ cain. $3



aie

'
\
‘
\
\
|



Written by: Brian Campbell, Beth Fischi, Chris
Hind, Ian Lemke and Allen Tower

Development: Jennifer Hartshorn

Editing: Erin Kelly

Art Direction: Richard Thomas

Art: Steve Casper, John Cobb, Michael Danza, An-
thony Hightower, Larry MacDougall, Harold Arthur
McNeill, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

Cover Art: Drew Tucker

Front and Back Cover Design: Robert Dixon

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
ly, MTN., GA 30083

CAME STUDIO

©1994 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Re-
production without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose
of reviews. Wraith: the Oblivion, Wraith Story-
tellers Screen, Wraith Players Kit, Necropolis:
Atlanta, Midnight Express, Vampire: the Mas-
querade, Werewolf: the Apocalypse, and Mage:
the Ascension are trademarks and copyrights of
White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any compa-
nies or products in these pages is not a challenge
to the trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Mark "I Got a Rock" Rein® Hagen, for his birth-
day Angst.

Stewart "Mostest Hostess" Wieck, for his perfectly
lovely picnic.

Steve "Let There Be 4-Square" Wieck, for choos-
ing the right office building.

Sam "In Absentia" Chupp, for becoming invis-
ible and intangible around the office.

Ben "Expansionist" Monk, for diplomatic colo-
nialism.

Staley "Pickle Potato Chips?!" Krause, for her
culinary creativity.

Rob "Basil Fawlty" Hatch, for not saying anything
about the war.

Michelle "Takes One to Know One" Prahler, for
being cheaper than Chris.

Mike "Oh Captain, My Captain" Krause, for get-
ting things back on an even keel.

Wes "Eurotrash Girl" Harris, for being our angel
in black.


Table of Contents

introduction: into Midnight

Chapter One: A Shadow of Doubt
Chapter Two: Six-Guns and Soullire
Chapter Three: Midnight Run

Chapter Four: Next Stop: Oblivion
Chapter five: The Price of Vengeance
Chapter Six: Shadow Play

Appendix: The Midnight Express


he chill air whips through the station,
»¥| howling like a banshee from hell. A
A\ crumpled piece of paper blows by, catches
| for a moment in one of the tracks, then
continues on its random course. Look-

faded posters of past political campaigns peeling off crum-
bling pillars. Soon, the sound of the train whistle is heard,
its eerie howl echoing through the streets of the city. Peering
into the darkness, you can at first only make out a small
speck of light, which begins to grow rapidly larger. The train
approaches, and you can feel the ground rumble as the whistle
reaches a near-deafening pitch. The screeching of the brakes

0 Midnigh

joins in, causing those nearby to cover their ears as the en-
gine, followed by many cars, goes rushing past, finally slow-
ing to a halt. Then, after a violent hiss of steam, all is silent.
A quick glance at the train reveals that this is no ordinary
passenger train; cars from many different eras and coun-
tries line the tracks. The doors to one of the cars silently
open, revealing the conductor, silhouetted by the dark inte-
rior. He extends his hand, motioning for you to board the
train. Welcome aboard the Midnight Express!

Each night, the Midnight Express traverses the
globe, making its dangerous journey through the Tem-
pest, following midnight from stop to stop. The exact
origins of the Midnight Express are unknown; even its


A 8

purpose and operators are a mystery, though it is sus-
pected to have originally been run by Ferrymen as a
means of guiding wraiths to Stygia. The train stops at
stations in many major cities, as well as at several ob-
scure locations where train stations once stood. Any
may ride upon the train, whether they are of the Hier-
archy, Renegades or Heretics. Those who board the train
do so for myriad reasons, from merely desiring trans-
portation to needing to deliver a vital message to an-
other Necropolis.

The opportunities for stories aboard or involving
the Midnight Express are endless. As most characters
will have limited means of transportation, the Midnight
Express serves as an excellent way to travel between
cities; even oceans may be crossed without the tedium
of skinriding a mortal for prolonged periods. Nearly any
location on earth is theoretically accessible by the Mid-
night Express, making it an extremely valuable source
of transportation for wraiths. Admittedly, most of the
stops are within Europe and North America, for al-
though the Midnight Express may make requested stops
in the Shadowlands claimed by the other Dark King-
doms, Stillwell will not take responsibility for any wraith
once he leaves the train. All these reasons and more
make this a valuable setting for a chronicle, one which
allows the Storyteller to bring the characters to exotic
locales in order to tell stories that are unsuitable for
their usual haunts, as well as permits the introduction
of new wraiths for the characters to interact with.

The Midnight Express is primarily a social setting
for wraiths, where they can mix and mingle with oth-
ers of their kind without fear of attack or persecution.
Deals are made, information traded, and merchandise
sold, all under the watchful eyes of the Ferrymen. Here
characters may make new contacts and acquaintances
from all of the various factions while they rub shoul-
ders with Hierarch, Renegade and Heretic alike. Since
the train is under the protection of the Ferrymen, few
wraiths will risk a direct confrontation, making subtlety
and guile the mainstay of interaction among wraiths.
Still, many distrust the true purposes of the train, and
wonder at the reason behind its existence. Some hint
at a darker purpose behind the train, proposing that it
is not run by the Ferrymen at all, but rather that it is
maintained by the Heretics... or even worse.

If you do not intend to be the Storyteller for your
troupe, we highly recommend that you stop reading
now. Reading further could greatly lessen the amount

Wraith: The Oblivion

Zale,

ZS
e a

of excitement and enjoyment you could get out of play-
ing in this supplement.

How to Use this Book

Midnight Express is a series of six interconnected
adventures focusing around the ghost train "Midnight
Express." It is not necessary to play them in sequence,
and it is possible to use one of the adventures without
the others. In fact, you will probably achieve the best
results by spreading these adventures out over a
chronicle rather than playing them all back to back.
Given the fact that the Midnight Express is the most
convenient mode of transportation in the Shadowlands,
chances are your players will want to make more than
one trip.

Mystery Train

At first glance, the train appears to be just a nor-
mal train, though its exact appearance varies greatly
depending upon your vantage point. At the head of the
train is an old steam engine, No. 13, followed by sev-
eral Pullman cars of the same era. Next come a few
ornate cars from the Orient Express of years past, fol-
lowed by several sleepers from a modern Amtrak train
that have strands of strange moss dripping from their
corners. This exotic assortment of cars continues down
the track for as far as the eye can see; there are even
circus cars among them.

Each of the cars is the ghostly counterpart to an
original that was destroyed at some point in the
Skinlands and now exists only in the Shadowlands.
Each of the cars shows some hint of how it met its fate,
whether it sunk to the bottom of a murky river or was
destroyed in a head-on collision. This indication may
take the form of cracks in the walls, scorch marks, or
(as in the case of a sunken car) evidence of submersion,
such as algae-coated fixtures and a generally dank and
reeking atmosphere within the car. The train has sev-
eral unusual properties, the secrets of which have yet
to be discovered.

Boarding

During its nightly journey around the globe, the
train arrives at each of its stops at exactly midnight
within a given time zone and departs at exactly 12:03
a.m. This creates some obvious complications if the train


has more than one stop within a given time zone, yet
somehow the operators manage to work around these
difficulties in a manner that still has Artificers be-
fuddled. At each of the stops only one car is accessible
for boarding and disembarking. The rest of the cars,
though visible, simply do not exist for those wraiths
boarding. During this period that the train is present
within the Shadowlands, passage between cars is im-
possible, though this is hardly an inconvenience, as it
only lasts three minutes. During the train's stop, the
guards ensure that all who wish to board the train may.
Therefore, any who can make it to the platform by mid-
night can usually make it onto the train. The Hierar-
chy will not risk the wrath of the Ferrymen by interfer-
ing with boarders once they have reached the platform,
though this certainly does not discourage them from
attempting to stop individuals from ever reaching the
platform. J.W. Stillwell, the conductor, greets each of
the passengers only after everyone has boarded and the
train is under way once again. During his rounds, he
inquires as to each new passenger's destination and di-
rects her to the proper car for disembarking. He will
also accept requests for stops at this time. He will usu-
ally acquiesce to requested stops, as long as there is, or
was at one time, a train station at the desired location.
It is customary for those requesting a special stop to

offer some sort of payment, usually two quarter oboli.
Unless a passenger wishes for special arrangements to
be made (sleeping compartments, refreshments, fir:
class or a stop request), travel on the Midnight Expr

is free.

Through the Tempest

It is known that the train travels to each of its des-
tinations through the Tempest along well-established
Byways, known only to those who run the train. While
in transit, those within the train are resistant to the
usual adverse effects of the Tempest; in fact, the train is
immune to all but the most powerful Maelstroms, and
even these usually do little more than create a bumpy
tide for the passengers. There have been some reports
of individuals being attacked by Spectres while travel-
ing between cars, but these incidents are extremely rare.
While in transit, wraiths may travel freely between cars,
though when disembarking, it is best for a wraith to be
in the car corresponding to her destination, because
the doors in all cars do not necessarily open at each
stop.


Unlike modern trains, there isn't necessarily an en-
closed walkway between cars. This is because the Mid-
night Express is composed of many cars from different
periods. Some cars are connected in this manner, but
they are the exception rather than the rule. If charac-
ters choose to travel between cars, describe the feelings
of fear and dread that traveling unprotected through
the Tempest, even momentarily, causes in them. The
darkness presses in from all sides. A hot, fetid wind
rustles through their hair and clothing. At the limits of
their perceptions they can hear distant sounds, almost-
discernible screams and moans. Make it as eerie as pos-
sible. If the players breathe an audible sigh of relief when
their characters enter the next car, congratulate your
self.

Particularly brave or foolhardy wraiths have been
known to disembark from the train while it was in transit
in the Tempest. Leaping from the train thrusts the
wraith right into the midst of the Tempest, exposing
her to the full brunt of its ferocity. Any character who
attempts such a feat is immediately subjected to ten
dice of non-aggravated damage, though this damage may
be soaked as usual. The character is then open to the
usual effects of the Tempest. A wraith would have to
possess Argos in order to locate another wraith who
had leapt from the train, unless they had jumped from
the train simultaneously.

Way Station

During its run, the Midnight Express does make one
stop that is not in the Shadowlands; this brief stop is in
the Tempest. While traversing the Pacific Ocean, the
train makes a short detour to the way station there. This
station stands fast against the constant bombardment
of Maelstroms that scour the Tempest, and even en-
dures the onslaught of the Spectres who continually
assault it. This stage of the journey is considered to be
the most dangerous and is avoided by many wraiths who
know of it.

This purpose of this brief stop at the way station is
to transfer goods and individuals bound for Stygia. From
the way station, there is another train that travels di-
rectly to Stygia. This method of transport is often used
by wraithlords who wish to transport large amounts of
goods to or from Stygia. For decades this stop was kept
secret from others, but has come to be more and more
public knowledge in the last few years. Many feel that

it is only a matter of time before an ambitious group of
Spectres, or even other wraiths, successfully hijack the
train from this point.

The station resembles a small train station from the
early 1920s, complete with a ticket counter and ticket
seller. Other than this one individual, the station is no-
ticeably empty. Anyone disembarking from the train is
immediately struck by the fact that the station is adrift
in the Tempest. From the boarding platform, the train
stretches down the tracks into the swirling mists that
engulf it. In order to load or unload cargo, McClintlock
positions the proper car by the station, so that it is ac-
cessible. While on the platform, wraiths are still vul-
nerable to attacks from Spectres or anything else that
may emerge from the Tempest. Guards are usually sta-
tioned on the platform during loading and unloading
to watch for any approaching danger. The interior of
the station is as safe as any Citadel, for it was built to
withstand the most powerful Maelstrom and is main-
tained by the Ferrymen. Additionally, the Hierarchy
maintains a presence here to safeguard shipments to
and from Stygia. From here, transportation may be ar-
ranged to Stygia, though few wraiths can survive there
for any prolonged period of time. The price of such
transport is usually quite high.

Opinions of Others

Each group of wraiths, as well as each individual
wraith, has their own opinion and theories concerning
the Midnight Express.

° Hierarchy

The Hierarchy are publicly the most opposed to the
train. They see the Midnight Express as a danger to
their plans and certainly one of the worst security leaks
imaginable; by train a wraith can gain access to any
Hierarchy Citadel in the Shadowlands, not to mention
Stygia itself. The Deathlords consider this intolerable
and will do anything they can to see the train thwarted.
Of course, extreme care must be taken when planning
to oppose those as powerful as the Ferrymen, and to
date the Hierarchy have taken no direct action against
the train.

That, at least, is the official doctrine. There are
those within the Hierarchy who make use of the Mid-
night Express on a daily basis. The Hierarchy have their
own trains running back and forth to Stygia, and even
those that traverse the Shadowlands. However, any

ia a

10 Wraith


such trains must be care-
fully cataloged, and bribes to ship such things as weap-
ons or the like can be quite expensive. In addition, these
trains are extremely vulnerable to Spectre attacks, and
it is possible to lose entire shipments. Meanwhile, the
Midnight Express has a perfect record as far as perfor-
mance is concerned: It is never late and has yet to be
successfully hijacked. Also, Nicholas generally does not
request a registry of goods shipped, and his prices are
relatively cheap. It is for this reason that the way sta-
tion in the Pacific was established, to maintain a Hier-
archy-controlled point to transfer cargo to and from
Stygia. So if one wants goods shipped to Stygia, or else-
where in the Shadowlands quickly, quietly and cheaply,
the Midnight Express is the way to do it.

The Midnight Express also makes an excellent neu-
tral location for clandestine meetings. Even the most
loyal Hierarchy member occasionally must conduct
business that may be considered treasonous by others.
Any may board the Midnight Express and mingle freely
with others, making it an excellent place to meet with
members of other factions. Not to mention that the
Orient Express dining car is one of the few places in
the nether realms that one can obtain real food.

¢ Heretics

The Heretics see the Midnight Express as an ex-
tremely valuable resource and source of new recruits.
Heretic scouts continually scour the train, seeking po-
tential converts among its passengers, as well as attempt-
ing to learn what they can of the plans of the Hierar-
chy by spying on those members they meet on board.

Something of a war has recently broken out among
the Heretic cults on board. Several dark cults have
sprung up among those who worship Oblivion and be-
lieve that Transcendence can only be gained through
embracing Oblivion. Most believe that this group is
headed by a powerful Malfean, though no one under-
stands why the Ferrymen permit them on board. Sev-
eral of the other cults have united behind a common
purpose of scourging these Oblivion cults from the train,
as well as from existence if possible. They travel the
trains, seeking out members of this cult so that they
can be eliminated. Spectators debate whether the con-
flict will grow large enough for the Ferrymen to inter-
vene before the groups degenerate into fighting among
themselves.

© Renegades

For the Renegades, the Midnight Express is the ul-
timate opportunity because the train allows them ac-
cess to every city and Hierarchy stronghold in the world.
Although, like the Hierarchy, the Renegades have their
own trains and other similar means of transportation,
none are as safe or as reliable as the Midnight Express.
Also, Renegade resources tend to be very limited, as
their groups tend to be very fractious, and what they do
have is constantly being destroyed by Hierarchy enforc-
ers. The Midnight Express allows them to ship large
numbers of wraiths and relics to anywhere they desire,
no questions asked.

In addition to providing a means of transportation,
the train offers an excellent recruiting ground. Wraiths
of many varieties travel aboard the train for many dif-
ferent reasons. This gives the Renegades ample oppor-
tunity to feel out a great number of wraiths in order to
determine if they would be sympathetic to their cause.
The Renegades even have a permanent plant on board
the train, who keeps an open eye and ear for potential
recruits. Those deemed to be potentially sympathetic
to the Renegade movement are then approached by a
recruiter in order to feel them out.

Freelancers

Wraiths who claim no allegiances to any particular
faction are generally welcome anywhere, and the Mid-
night Express is no exception. Freelancers see the train
as a ripe opportunity for employment. Many ride the
train frequently, getting off only briefly at each stop to
look for jobs. Work is usually readily available to those
seeking it, whether it involves guarding cargo or sim-
ply delivering a message to a contact in another city.
These wraiths will often throw themselves into the fray
if the train is attacked or attempt break up any fight
that erupts, in the hopes of receiving payment after-
wards.

history of the Midnight Express

Not long after trains started to run regularly, train
relics began to appear in the Shadowlands. Train wrecks
were quite common in those early days, and often left
the trains utterly destroyed. Until that time, the
Ferrymen had to rely upon the Byways and rivers to
ship the dead onward. With the numbers of their dead
arriving in the Shadowlands increasing daily, it became

obvious that new means of transportation were needed.
A council of Ferrymen, lead by one who called himself
Nicholas, decided to create a train of their own. This
train would circle the Earth every night and take on
any who desired to board. The Ferrymen made arrange-
ments to transfer any who wished for passage to Stygia
onward, and made it known that any who boarded the
train seeking Transcendence might obtain guidance.
The word was spread among the wraiths of the
Shadowlands and of Stygia, and the Midnight Express
came into being.

The Ferrymen were surprised that very few wraiths
boarded the train, and the train ran mostly empty for
quite some time. Although the numbers soon began to
increase, these wraiths did not board seeking Transcen-
dence, but instead sought merely transportation or a
neutral meeting ground. The numbers continued to
grow as it became known that any and all were wel-
come aboard the train. It quickly became apparent that
the train was not to become what the Ferrymen had
desired it to be; rather, it had become a safe haven for
wraiths to gather and conduct business. During its early
days, several Ferrymen used to travel with the train,
waiting for those who sought guidance; after a time that
number dwindled to one. Now only Nicholas remains
to oversee the train on its nightly ride through the Tem-
pest, though there are occasional visitations from oth-
ers. He has gone to great lengths to make the train a
convenient gathering spot for wraiths, even going so
far as to open up boxcars and the like to ship cargo.

The train now serves a dual purpose for the
Ferrymen: First and foremost, it allows them to watch
for those who seek guidance toward Transcendence, and
secondly, it allows them to keep a watchful eye over
those of the many factions who travel aboard the train.
Much of what the Ferrymen know of the plans of the
Hierarchy and the other factions is gleaned from those
who ride the train.

Cast 0 Let

here are a number of regulars who can
y usually be found on board the Mid-
| night Express, not to mention those
| who are practically permanent fixtures
be oe the train. The following is a se-

a eisinett Weiintlock

lection of some of the regulars on the train, as well as
descriptions of its permanent residents.

The characters described here and throughout the
book do not always include Shadows, Shadow Passions,
etc. unless it is relevant to that character's interactions
with the players' characters. This is not to say that they
never experience Catharsis, just that they will prob-
ably not do so in the course of their interactions with
the players' characters.

Engineer MeClintlock

McClintlock had always dreamed of being an engi-
neer. There was nothing he wanted more than to be at
the head of a train, driving through the long night. At
the age of 18, he became a brakeman, and by the age of
22, he had become an engineer. Though perhaps not as
enthusiastic as he had been in his youth, he did love
his job.

After the fateful accident in 1887, McClintlock
found himself still aboard his beloved train. He sensed
the pull of his Fetters in the Shadowlands, but some-
how felt more compelled to stay with his train, and has
been here ever since, his Fetters having long since faded
away. McClintlock serves as the engineer for the Mid-
night Express, a task that requires a great deal of his
concentration. He is aware of the influence that the


Ferrymen have over the train, and in fact knows Nicho-
las personally. Nicholas has been trying to help guide
him toward Transcendence for some time now, but
McClintlock prefers to stay with his engine, feeling that
this is the best afterlife he could ask for.

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3
Skills: Drive (Train) 5, Repair 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Occult 2, Politics 1,
Science 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Eidolon 4, Mentor
(Nicholas) 5, Memorium 2

Passions: To keep the train running on time (Duty) 4
Arcanos: Argos 5, Fatalism 5, Usury 2

Fetters: None

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 6

Angst: 3

Image: A fairly large, burly man, he moves with a grace
uncommon for one of his size. He has rather wide, plain
features, made worse by the fact that his face is always
covered in soot and oil. He wears stained coveralls and
big black engineer boots. He is constantly stopping to
mop his brow:with a dirty rag.

Roleplaying Hints: You prefer your own company, and
do not like to be disturbed while you are at work —
which is always. Though you know much about the
train, you will never give away its secrets; however, you
may be "tricked" into giving hints to those who engage
you in a conversation about trains. You love to hear
about the new advances in train technology.

Pierre

Pierre had never been on the Orient Express. He
grew up in a rough neighborhood in Paris during the
1920s. Born to a poor family, he entered the work force
at the age of 15 to help support his family. Factory work
did not suit Pierre though, and he soon left his job and
found employment at a local saloon. His career as a
bartender was cut short when he was shot during a mug-
ging as he returned from work late one night. His caul
was removed by one of the Reapers of the Hierarchy,

who brought him to the slave market of Stygia to be
sold. There, he was purchased by Nicholas, who saw
something special in this new wraith. He had recently
acquired three cars from the destroyed Orient Express,
and he felt that Pierre would make an excellent bar-
tender for the train's salon.

At first Pierre was very discontent in his role, as he
could not imagine spending eternity as a bartender. Over
the years, though, he has come to be quite fond of his
position. He has emerged as the train's primary
gossipmonger. Everyone knows that if there is a secret
to be learned, Pierre will know it. Pierre is deceptively
open with his information. He will give away quite a
bit until it comes to the vital bit that his customer seeks,
then he begins to charge, and his prices are not cheap.
Though he will sell information to any interested party,
whether she be Hierarchy, Renegade or Heretic, he
draws the line at anything that could be potentially
harmful to the Midnight Express, which is where his
primary loyalty lies. Though he will sell information to
the Hierarchy, he has no great love for them, for he
knows what his fate could have been had he not been
rescued by Nicholas. He has come to be quite grateful
to Nicholas for this and still harbors a deep-seated re-
sentment for the Hierarchy.

Pierre is a treasure trove for novice train passen-
gers, as he can tell newcomers a great deal of useful

Introduction: Into Midnight 134


information. He also knows useful tidbits of gossip about
various passengers.

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Conniver

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 2,
Empathy 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Mix Drink 5, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Eidolon 3, Mentor 5, Status
(Hierarchy 2, Renegades 4), Wealth 5

Passions: Protect family (Love) 3, Protect the oppressed
(Hope) 2

Arcanos: Castigate 4, Fatalism 4, Moliate 3, Usury 5
Fetters: None

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 8

Angst: 2

Image: A tall young man of stocky build. His black hair
is worn short, almost a crewcut. He has large, expressive,
dark brown eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: You are extremely confident and
take pleasure in knowing that you usually have the upper
hand in your dealings with others. Though your
appearance can be rather intimidating at first, you are
quite expert at putting others at ease.

Emile Bercé

Emile was the maitre d'hétel of the newly refur-
bished Simplon-Orient Express at the time of its crash
and his death. The restaurant business was his life's
dream, and being in charge of the restaurant on the
Orient Express was like a dream come true. He did his
best to see to it that both the food and the service were
the best in Europe. Though staff members called him a
tyrant behind his back, deep down inside they knew
that he was one of the best.

After his death, there was nothing he wished more
than to return to his position on the Orient Express,
because he valued it even more than he did his Fetters
in the Skinlands. Upon learning that his restaurant car
had been incorporated to the Midnight Express, he be-
came determined to return to his original position. He
boarded the train and demanded to speak with the

train's operator, stating in no uncertain terms that he
would not leave until he had done so. Recognizing Emile
for who he was, Nicholas chose to speak with him. Af-
ter listening to Emile's insistence that he be allowed to
retain his old position, Nicholas decided to let him stay
on as the train's maitre d'.

Emile continues to serve as the maitre d' of the res-
taurant car on the Orient Express portion of the Mid-
night Express. He is very precise in his duties, ever striv-
ing toward perfection. Since the Hierarchy have estab-
lished that section of the train as their regular meeting
place, he has made several strong contacts among that
faction. He feels that they are the most sensible of the
factions; the Renegades are too crude; and the Heretics
are just plain loons. He even acts as a spy for them on
occasion, because his position places him in a great po-
sition to overhear snippets of conversation that are of-
ten useful to the Hierarchy. He has even begun to sus-
pect that Pierre is actually in service to the Renegades.
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Critic
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Etiquette 5, Leadership 2, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Linguistics 4
Backgrounds: Mentor (Nicholas) 5, Status
(Hierarchy) 4, Wealth 4

Passions: To serve the patrons of the Orient Express
(Duty) 3, Amass great wealth (greed) 2

Arcanos: Castigate 3, Lifeweb 2, Moliate 3, Usury 5
Fetters: None

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 6

Angst: 4

Image: Short and slender of build, he has short, well-
groomed black hair, graying at the temples. He has a
pencil-thin, immaculately trimmed mustache and small,
wicked eyes that seem to pierce anyone he fixes his gaze
upon.

Roleplaying Hints: You never have anything pleasant
to say about anything or anyone. Everything needs
improvement, and you are the one to see to it that it
gets done.

Nicholas

Nicholas lived and died in sixth century Britain, a
time when petty warlords ruled that island, each squab-
bling for small scraps of land. He himself was one of the
warlords, and a powerful one at that. Nicholas died dur-
ing the time of turmoil and restructuring that followed

Micholas

the first Maelstrom. Chi

throughout the world, and paganism had begun to fall
by the wayside. Just prior to his death, Nicholas had
been converted to Christianity by a missionary who had
come to his village. Even so, he did not immediately
accompany the Fishers who approached him, instead
setting out to explore the afterlife on his own. It was
during this time of wandering that he encountered one
of the Ferrymen, who helped set him on the path to
Transcendence. After many years of searching, Nicho-
las finally found that which he sought, Transcendence.
Though standing at the threshold of his goal, thoughts
of the Ferryman who had guided him on this path came
to him, and he wondered if he would have ever made it
this far without that assistance. Then he thought of all
the other wraiths who wandered the Shadowlands and
Stygia, lost and alone, with no real hope of ever achiev-
ing Transcendence without someone else's help. At that
moment, Nicholas turned his back on the path he had
been following and chose instead to help others seek
that which he had sought for so long.

Despite having turned his back on the Fishers,
Nicholas' beliefs in how one should go about achieving
Transcendence somewhat parallel Christian beliefs. Be-
fore achieving Transcendence, a wraith must overcome
his own Shadow. Nicholas believes that before this can
be accomplished, an individual must possess certain
qualities, though of course these qualities can be learned.
He has devised something of a test, the test of Self,
Selflessness, and Patience, to evaluate those he feels
may be ready to begin the road to Transcendence.

Being one of the foremost proponents of forming
the Midnight Express, Nicholas was charged with en-
suring that the Midnight Express makes its nightly jour-
ney in safety. He delights in his duty because it places
him in close contact with a great variety of wraiths.
From among these he chooses those few he feels are
ready to begin the path toward Transcendence. His
guidelines are very strict, and only a very few whom he
feels are ready are chosen. He will approach those he
feels are ready and give them advice that can help them
along the proper road to Transcendence. If this advice
is heeded, he will continue to come to them and guide
them. During the months or years that one of his cho-
sen is on the road, Nicholas will appear to her many
times, each time in a different guise (though these en-
counters will almost always occur on the Midnight Ex-
press); when the time is right, the wraith will get some

Introduction: Into Midnight
- =e a


urge to board the train. This urge may be for any reason

and may be as simple as the wraith deciding that she

needs to visit Cleveland. Only when the wraith is in

the final stages toward Transcendence will Nicholas re-

veal himself to the wraith as one of the Ferrymen. Those

who actively seek the Ferryman rarely find him.
Note: Nicholas does not have a Shadow, because

— as a Ferryman — he has reconciled his Shadow and

achieved Transcendence.

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Architect

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Awareness 7, Brawl 5,

Empathy 3, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Leadership 7,

Meditation 5, Melee 7, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Enigmas 6, Investigation 3,

Law 3, Linguistics 7, Occult 5, Politics 2

Backgrounds:

Passions:

Arcanos: Argos 5, Castigate 5, Fatalism 5, Keening 3,

Lifeweb 5, Moliate 2, Outrage 4

Fetters: None

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 10

Angs

Notes: Nicholas certainly may have other abilities

beyond those listed here; the Storyteller should allow

him to accomplish nearly anything needed to further

the story. He also has access to several artifacts and relics

of the Storyteller's choosing, one of which is an ancient

sword fashioned from enchanted Stygian steel. This

blade causes aggravated wounds to all who are struck

by it.

Image: A short but powerful-looking man, he has light-

blond hair and a beard. His bright green eyes glow with

intensity. When appearing in person, he usually wears

the traditional garb of a sixth-century British warlord,

though he often alters his shape when traveling among

others, so as to not be recognized.

Roleplaying Hints: You have seen the way to
Transcendence but have turned your back on it in order
to help others find the path. At times you regret your
decision, but the joys of seeing others pass on keep you
faithful to your ideals.

[rain Security Guards

These wraiths come in all shapes and sizes, but all
have two things in common: the ability to fight, and
an unwavering loyalty to their master, Nicholas. Though
each of their stories and backgrounds is different, they
all have a common thread: At some time since they
became a wraith, Nicholas saved them from some ter-
tible fate. All have sworn their loyalty and service to
Nicholas in exchange for the aid he provided them.
Some are under the agreement that they will go their
own way in a certain number of years, while others seek
Nicholas' guidance in discovering Transcendence and
have vowed to stay with him forever.

The train guards do not make themselves overly
obvious while the train is in transit. Instead, they pre-
fer to remain innocuous, blending in among the pas-
sengers while the bulk of them remain in a central lo-
cation within the train The leaders of any group, guards
are able to remain in constant communication with one
another through use of a special power, which is taught
to them by Nicholas. Also, many have learned to use
Flicker, allowing them to travel nearly instantaneously
to any location on the train. There are approximately
two dozen guards on board the train at any given time.
Though each of the guards is a very unique individual,
the following are some basic statistics that can be used
in a pinch if the characters encounter one of them.

4 Security Guard


rity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawling 3,
Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 1, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 2
Backgrounds: Mentor (Nicholas) 5, Wealth 2
Arcanos: Argos 3, Embody 2, Moliate 2, Outrage 1
Fetters: None

Willpower: 6

Notes: Most of the guards will be armed with some sort
of relic weapon. This may be anything from a knife toa
handgun.

Image: May be of any description, male or female. Most
wear a uniform of black pants and a gray turtleneck.
No insignia or other device is worn, so they remain as
unobtrusive as possible.

Roleplaying Hints: Your primary duty is to Nicholas
and to the passengers of the Midnight Express. You will
do anything to ensure their safety.


fm


A Shadow of Doub

Clowns to the left of me, jokers to the right,
Here I am, stuck in the middle with you
—Dealer's Wheel, "Stuck in the Middle With You"

he Midnight Express is an amazingly
regular method of travel in the
Shadowlands, and it stands to reason
{| that it would have its share of regular

bf<]| passengers. One of these is Scott
Frances, the linchpin of this story. The
characters meet him in the Pullman parlor car of the
Midnight Express. As new passengers, they should be
surprised and maybe a little intimidated by the degree
of familiarity the conductor shows him.

Frances is friendly, but acts a little distraught, ask-
ing the characters if they have seen a woman named
Priscilla, whom he is supposed to meet. Careful con-
versation with him will reveal that, quite simply, he
isn't playing with all 52 cards. If asked, the conductor
may tell the characters that Frances has been a regular
on the train for decades, always riding in this car, al-
ways looking for Priscilla.

Several hours after Scott Frances boards the train,
it pulls into the way station. This should be a tense

time for the characters; out the windows they can see
countless Hierarchy Legionnaires. The way station it-
self resembles more a fortress than a train station, which
is relatively accurate.

Shortly after the Midnight Express leaves the way
station and the characters are beginning to relax, a very
complex hostage situation takes place in their car. How
the events unfold is completely up to the characters;
they have the opportunity to prevent a disaster on the
train.

Theme

This adventure offers the players a chilling, cau-
tionary example of what the Shadow is capable of and
the lengths it will go to embrace Oblivion. The role
Scott Frances plays in this episode should give them a
dark glimpse of what fate may await them at the hands
of their own Shadows.


The mood of this adventure is a combination of
mystery and hope. There is so much going on here, so
many false leads and complications, that the players
should feel hopelessly confused at first. Finally, the play-
ers should feel that the fate of everyone on the Mid-
night Express rests with them, and that they alone have
the power to save them.

Backeround

Scott Frances' Shadow has learned a lot in the cen-
tury it's been around. It has learned the "lost traveler"
shtick, and uses it whenever it wants something. The
train is Frances' main reason to go on existing, so his
Shadow is planning on removing that reason forever
— by destroying the Midnight Express.

The Shadow has made its devious plan with the
aid of area Spectres and a Renegade sleepwalker (a
Shadow with the Shadow Life thorn). They have con-
vinced a group of Renegades that an important Hier-
arch is on the train, and that kidnapping him would be
a terrible slap in the face to the Hierarchy. Frances'
Shadow has given them detailed information about the
Midnight Express and its crew, and they have made good
use of it.

The Renegades' plan is to enter the parlor car as it
is speeding away from the way station in the Tempest
(with aid from their inside man, Frances' Shadow), seize
the car's passengers as hostages (so no outcry will be
made), and take the VIP. In reality, the Renegade group
contains several Doppelgangers (posing as Renegades)
and Shadow Frances' Shadow ally, who is dominant.
Their intent is to take control of the engine, with the
ultimate goal of derailing the Midnight Express, leav-
ing all of the passengers at the mercy of the Tempest
and the beasts that dwell within it.

Some of the Renegades are just what they appear
to be. If they realize (with the characters' aid) they are
being used as the dupes of Spectres, they could be al-
lies. The Midnight Express is an invaluable tool for the
Renegades, and they don't want to see it destroyed.

To further complicate matters, there actually is a
Hierarchy VIP on the train. Brandon Shaw is traveling
on the train to Pensacola, Florida, where he will be in-
stalled as the new Governor. Traveling with him are
half a cohort of Legionnaires, and a crate of relics (some

of which are weapons). How he and/or the Legionnaires
react to the crisis depends largely on the players.

Finally, either Scott Frances or the Renegades could
overcome their Shadows, and neither wants to destroy
the train. Indeed, Frances sees the parlor car as his only
chance of finding Priscilla, and he would die to save it.

In fact, the Midnight Express is in no real danger.
Even if the players completely botch their rescue at-
tempt, Stillwell and Nicholas will immediately put a
stop to the attempted sabotage. However, the players
should feel that everything depends on them. Stillwell
and Nicholas should not even know of the plot until
the end.

Scott frances

Scott Frances was a reasonably successful book sales-
man from Chicago, circa 1890. After struggling for a
few years following college, he was beginning to make
his mark in his chosen profession. Being a sensible sort,
he put aside a little every month, amassing a small nest
egg. In the autumn of 1893, he found the reason for
which he had been saving: Priscilla Barnes.

They met in an Omaha bookstore; Scott literally
bumped into her. By way of an apology, he took her out
for a cup of coffee, which turned into a rather extended
dinner. Over the next several months, he arranged to
see her whenever he was in the area, even going so far
as not to sleep so he could ride the late train back to

eg

% Scott Frances


1894, he proposed to her, and she accepted.

They began making plans for a spring wedding in
the following year. On the fateful day of his death, Scott
was riding to Omaha to finalize the plans. Unfortunately
for the two of them, he never made it. A Pullman
worker, outraged at the Pullman management for sup-
pressing their employees, sabotaged several cars, includ-
ing the parlor car in which Scott Frances was riding.
On a crucial turn, the brakes in that car failed, causing
a jackknife in the middle of the train. Scott was trapped
in the wreckage, pinned under the wheel assembly.
Amidst the panicked screams of the wounded and dy-
ing, he strained repeatedly against the unyielding metal.
He didn't notice his own very serious (and eventually
fatal) wounds; he had to meet Priscilla at the station.
As death mercifully took him, his last thought was that
Priscilla would be devastated. Since his death, he has
been riding trains and searching stations, vainly trying

to keep an appointment a century overdue.

Scott still searches for Priscilla on the train. He
has ridden the Midnight Express countless times since
his death, always in the Pullman parlor car. The con-
ductor and several of both the regular passengers and
the staff know him. The conductor feels sorry for him,
xtends to him an extraordinary degree of cour-
Storytellers should emphasize this, as it will en-
courage the players to trust him, thus making the be-
trayal by his Shadow all the more dramatic.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Caregiver

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Empathy 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Enigmas 2, Linguistics
(French) 1, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Contacts (Stillwell) 1, Wealth 1
Passions: Find Priscilla (Love) 4, Protect lovers from
accidental death (Hope) 1

Arcanos: Fatalism 1, Lifeweb 2, Moliate 2

Fetters: Regal Booksellers (where he met Priscilla), 3
Willpower: 4

Pathos: 3

Angst: 3

Shadow: Director

Traits (Brawl + 2, Melee +2)

Shadow Passions: Cause accidents (Anger) 3,
Encourage dissent/betrayal (Bitterness) 2

Image: Scott Frances is in his late 20s. He is of average
height, has a wiry build, and is dressed in an elegant,
outdated suit. He has a handsome face, though at times
it can look a little drawn (especially on the train). When
his Shadow is dominant, the tension seems to drain out
of his features, and his gaze rests intently on the object
of his interest.

Roleplaying notes: You are usually friendly to others.
While a little reticent at first, you become relatively
talkative once you feel you know someone. You
generally have a faraway look in your eyes, as if in silent
reverie. When someone jolts you out of this, slowly smile
amelancholy smile. It is almost as if you are embarrassed
at being caught, yet unable to deny your pain, even toa
total stranger. At every stop, become tense and
anticipatory (looking for Priscilla). When you don't find
her, become despondent; time or interaction with
someone can bring you out. However, you are convinced
that you will find Priscilla, and will ignore any argument
or evidence that suggests you won't. When your Shadow
is dominant, you are a little more talkative, intent on
drawing others out.

Acti: All Aboard...

hen one realizes that life is pointless he
either commits suicide or travels.
— Edward Dahlberg, novelist

Scene (ne

In this scene, the players' Circle boards the Mid-
night Express from somewhere in the Mountain time
zone in the United States. The city of departure and
reasons for boarding are left up to the individual Story-
teller, who should feel free to fit this in as a side adven-
ture or part of an ongoing chronicle.

As the characters board the train, Stillwell checks
their tickets and directs them to the Pullman parlor
car. He is generally amiable, and will answer any ques-
tions the neophyte passengers may have for him (as-
suming he knows the answer). Take the time to describe
the car to the players (see the Appendix for details),

22 Wraith: The Oblivion

amen
F XC

tique setting and the characters themselves. Encourage
the players to interact with their fellow passengers as
long as it is interesting (see The Other Passengers, be-
low). As the train gets ready to pull into the Pacific
time zone, Stillwell walks through and tells the passen-
gers that they will be unable to move between cars at
the stop. Emphasize the strangeness of the stop itself;
the windows of the cars become opaque preceding and
following the stop, making it impossible to know what
is going on.

qhe Other Passengers

Ruby: Ruby is an ancient, white-haired woman
with a serenely wrinkled face and a Cajun accent. She
is wearing a faded dress with a floral pattern, and is car-
rying a large black purse, which she holds in her lap.
Ruby was a very pious woman in life, fully expecting to
pass through the pearly gates upon death. When she
found herself in the Shadowlands, she was at first con-
vinced she was in Hell. With time, however, she de-
cided that she was merely being tested. She is now a
Heretic, and believes the path to Transcendence lies in
accepting one's fate. Consequently, she is kind and
nonjudgmental, but not a terribly interesting conver-
sationalist.

Louie: Louie is a small, nervous man in a bad suit.
He has a thin mustache, slicked-back hair, and a large
gold ring on his left hand, which he twists restles
He died while working on his one big score, killed by
his "business associates." Louie is still looking for the
big score, unfortunately with the same luck he had while
alive. He is fleeing from trouble, but he won't say what
it is or where he's from. He will panic in a crisis.

Donald Beck: Beck is a man in his late 50s, a little
paunchy and fatherly. If asked, he tells the characters
that he is going to look after his daughter, who is away
at college in New York. He is very willing to talk, and
will relate countless tales of winter in Minnesota and
the Minneapolis Twins' greatest games. He will do what-
ever it takes to make it to New York safely.

Cynthia: Cynthia is a thin, mousy girl trying des-
perately to convince the world she is cool. Her short
blond hair is carefully mussed, her Dead Kennedys T-
shirt artfully torn, and her jeans sport the obligatory
ripped knees. Always afraid that people would realize
how totally uncool she was, Cyn (as she likes to be
called) spent every moment on guard, trying to figure
out how to impress people. Before her VW Bug became

Chapter One: A Shadow of Doubt


of her own worth — no one acknowledged her cool-
ness. Now she searches for people who can accept her
for who she is. Unfortunately, Cyn isn't sure who that
is anymore. She is more than happy to talk to any char-
acter about any topic (preferably one of their choos-
ing). It only takes a little while to realize that she actu-
ally knows very little about any given topic and is only
trying to impress everyone. When trouble occurs, she
will sit mutely, immediately obeying the orders of who-
ever she thinks is in charge.

Scene Two

The characters' car opens in San Francisco, where
Scott Frances boards. If any of the characters catch his
eye, he will smile tightly at them, take his seat, and
pull out a book (Keats: one of his relics). Once the
Midnight Express gets underway, Stillwell comes
through collecting tickets. He greets Frances by name;
make sure the players notice this.

In roleplaying their interaction, there are several
things to keep in mind. First, Stillwell is quite familiar
with Mr. Frances. He has seen him ride the train for
almost as long as he has been conductor, always search-
ing for Priscilla. Stillwell feels sorry for him. At several
points in the past, he has tried to gently point out to
Frances that Priscilla must surely be dead, and Frances
should accept it and move on. Once, Frances attacked
him, and on another occasion, collapsed into incoher-
ent sobs. It was the latter incident that persuaded
Stillwell that Frances refuses to face, or is incapable of
facing, this unbearable truth. Since that time, he has
shown Frances an extraordinary degree of courtesy and
kindness.

Atsome level, Frances understands Stillwell's con-
cern for him. As a consequence, when he is speaking to
Stillwell, he continues the polite banter for as long as
he is able. The longer he goes without asking about
Priscilla, the more tense and edgy he becomes, until he
can contain himself no longer. He phrases the question
somewhat indirectly; has Stillwell seen an attractive
brunette board the train? (The actual description: 5'7",
mid-length wavy brown hair, brown eyes, long maroon


velvet coat, hat, etc., Gay 90s style. Think Joanna Go-
ing from "Dark Shadows," second series.). Unable to
shatter his hope, Stillwell says that while he has not,
some of the other passengers may have. Feel free to play
up the emotional subtext of the scene. Characters with
a high Empathy stand to get a great deal of information
out of the exchange.

After Stillwell leaves the car, Frances begins ques-
tioning the other passengers. If one of the characters
has made contact with him previously, he approaches
that individual first. Frances is very polite, but there is
an edginess in his questions. After it becomes apparent
that no one has seen Priscilla, he continues conversing
if engaged (you may want to encourage the players to
do this). If not, he takes his seat again and returns to
his book.

There are several hours with no stops between the
West Coast stop and the way station. Some of the other
passengers attempt to get comfortable and sleep. Due
to the speed at which the Midnight Express travels, pas-
sengers who boarded before or after the characters may
sleep at different times. It is important that Scott
Frances does not appear to sleep. Instead, he seems to
almost nod off, jerking back to wakefulness. This is when
his Shadow takes over (the Shadow Life Thorn). When
it does assume control, it carefully observes the passen-
gers over the top of Frances' book. After it feels it has a
fair grasp on the situation and the other wraiths, it puts
the book away and talks with them. (Note: Be careful
not to emphasize this shift in personality too strongly.
The Shadow is wily and intelligent, and has had a long
time to get its act down pat. If the characters think it is
still the same person, it will make the betrayal all the
more shocking, but you should still give them a chance.)

In describing the train, stress the confined nature
of traveling through the Tempest. There is no music in
the car, there is no scenery outside the window, save
for perhaps the occasional glimpse of figures in the dis-
tance (feel free to add anything that will make the play-
ers more nervous), and the only books belong to Scott
Frances.

For descriptions of the other cars and their occu-
pants, see the Appendix.


don't want to spend the rest of my days
Hl Keeping out of trouble like the soldier says
I don't want to spend my time in hell
Looking at the walls of a prison cell
I don't ever want to play the part
Of a statistic on a government chart

— The Police, "Invisible Sun"

Scene One

As the Midnight Express prepares to enter the way
station, the atmosphere on board changes. Stillwell trav-
els from car to car, announcing that all passengers should
return to their cars and that passengers transferring to
Stygia should be ready. If any of the characters are in a
car other than their own, a regular passenger or staff
member may comment on the irregularity of having to
return to their own cars. Usually the passengers can stay
wherever they like on the train. Only those with trans-
fer tickets to Stygia may leave the Midnight Express. If
someone wishes to travel to Stygia and has not previ-
ously purchased a ticket, she may do so at the way sta-
tion. Of course, she will have to undergo a very thor-
ough interrogation before she is cleared. The Hierar-
chy is very paranoid; something about being alone in
the middle of the Tempest. Passengers wishing to pur-
chase transfers to Stygia should tell Stillwell, who will
make arrangements with the way station staff.

The train noticeably slows at this point. Charac-
ters brave enough or curious enough to look out the
windows see a haze in the distance. As the train draws
nearer, the compound begins to take shape. The first
things the characters notice are the watchtowers: dark
metal structures with what look like searchlights scan-
ning the darkness. In reality, the "searchlights" are ro-
tating platforms with reflective lenses mounted at the
back. The "lamps" are thralls who have been Moliated
and chained to the platform. Between the towers is a
massive wall topped with spikes; think Fort Goth. Blind-
folded men (Blindfold of Justice; see the Appendix in
Wraith: The Oblivion) with crossbows patrol the top
of the wall, and perceptive characters may notice
ballistae mounted in the towers themselves.

The Midnight Express slows practically to a crawl
as the massive gates grudgingly part. The Legionnaires

atop the wall follow the train intently with their cross-
bows. Once inside, the train comes to a complete stop.
Pairs of Legionnaires examine the entire exterior of the
train, from top to bottom. The sight of all these armed,
blindfolded servants of the Hierarchy should make the
characters nervous. Do whatever you can to encourage
this. Point out to them that the gates shut behind the
train, and getting out of the way station would prove
exceedingly difficult should the Hierarchy wish to de-
tain them. Some of the other passengers may freak out
after sitting there for a time, specifically Louie and
Cynthia. Frances' Shadow stays low key throughout the
wait, but if he can increase the tension with a few in-
nocuous words, he will.

After a painfully long wait (stretch it out as long as
the players are interested and/or tense), a medium-sized
party moves from the station house. Four Legionnaires
with gladii (plural of gladius, the official sidearm of the
Roman legions) flank someone who is obviously an of-
ficer, and a figure in a mask of office. This is Brandon
Shaw, who is traveling to the Necropolis of Pensacola,
where he is to be installed as the new governor. Shortly
after he boards, manacled thralls under the supervision
of several Legionnaires move a large crate into the
Dachau freight car. Two guards are placed in the car
with the crate. The Midnight Express prepares to get
underway again, and the attention of all the Legion-
naires is redirected to the Tempest. As the train slowly
begins to move, the gate at the other end of the com-
pound slowly opens. The characters will probably feel
asense of relief at leaving the way station. Remind them
that beyond the gate there is only the Tempest, wait-
ing.

Scene Two

Now that the Midnight Express has left the way
station and returned to the relative normalcy of the
Tempest, everyone should feel the tension draining
away. Everyone, that is, save for Scott Frances. He won-
ders aloud if Priscilla was at the station, and wishes that
he could have looked for her. If none of the characters
console him, he will ask if anyone thinks it is possible
that she is in the crate in the freight car. The crate
contains Brandon Shaw's personal belongings, as well
as 15 oboli, eight gladii, two crossbows, and 20 quar-
rels. Frances rapidly escalates into near-hysteria, mov-
ing from window to window, looking for Priscilla. The
Shadow is actually looking for signs of the Renegade

Width The Oblivion

strike team; the hysteria is just an act. It is important
that Frances freak out quickly; the train cannot have
reached full speed before the Renegades board. Try and
arrange this to take place just out of sight of the way
station.

Suddenly, everyone hears a thumping sound come
from the door at the front of the car. Calling out
Priscilla's name, Frances rushes toward the door. If the
characters try to stop him, they can easily overpower
him; if not, he opens the door. Regardless of who opens
it, they all see a tall man with long, dark hair, a cruel
visage, and a bowie knife. This is Kelly, Frances' sleep-
walker ally. Behind him is Henshaw, a Doppelganger. If
the characters make a run for the rear door, Frances
plays his trump by brutally attacking one of them, cack-
ling evilly. If all of the characters enter into combat,
one of the other passengers makes a break for the door,
only to see three more armed Renegades.

If the characters want to fight, stress that there are
five armed Renegades and Frances' Shadow to deal with.
The Renegades aren't really interested in killing the
passengers, and they announce this to everyone. To vali-
date this, they even have several sets of manacles with
them. If the fighting is getting heavy, have one of the

gers to demonstrate their non-lethal intent (Ruby would
be perfect). It is vital that the characters be captured
by the Renegades. Conveniently, they only have four
sets of manacles, which will be used on the other pas-
sengers. The players' characters are bound with belts,
shoelaces, and relic rope (see Renegades' Equipment,
below). All of the passengers are guarded. During the
encounter, try to avoid any discorporation, while at the
same time make the players feel that they are overpow-
ered.

qhe Renegades

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Melee 3, Security 1, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Politics 2

Backgrounds: none

Passions: Destroy the Hierarchy/Free the oppressed
(Anger) 3

= SWZ

Arcanos: Argos 1, Fatalism 2, Usury 2 (Note: Leo, one
of the Doppelgangers, has Moliate 2)

Fetters: None

Corpus: 8 (boarding the train caused some damage)
Willpower: 5

Pathos: 5

Angst: 4 (10 for the Doppelgangers)

Shadow Passions: (for the Spectres) Cause suffering/
Feed Oblivion (Hate) 3

Equipment: Kelly and the two Doppelgangers have
Darksteel knives, Margaret has a Louisville Slugger and
a 10-foot coil of rope (which was used in a hanging
suicide), and Max has a billy club.

Note: Kelly is the sleepwalker, Henshaw and Leo are
the Doppelgangers, and Margaret and Max are the
Renegades.

Scene Three

Once the characters and the other passengers have
been subdued, Margaret tells the assembled that if they
just cooperate, no one will get hurt, because it is not
the policy of the Dead Army of Retribution (D.A.R.)
to execute noncombatants. Leo uses Sculpt to make
himself, Kelly and Max look like three of the passen-
gers, two of which should be individuals from the play-
ers' Circle; Frances suggests that the most compassion-
ate and/or the most combatant of the characters be the
models. Leo then marks those passengers whose fea-
tures he "borrowed" in various ways, making them look
like Spectres. Some suggestions are: radically different
skin color (red, black, indigo), glowing eyes and mouths,
forked tongues, horns, etc. This serves two purposes: It
will protect their disguises, and it will make it very dif-
ficult for the characters to get help should they escape.
Kelly explains all of this to them in great detail, paint-
ing a picture of their instant slaughter should they es-
cape.

With their disguises in place, Leo, Kelly, Max, and
Frances leave the car in pairs. Kelly and Frances go for-
ward, while Leo and Max move toward the end of the
train. This leaves the characters with Henshaw and
Margaret. During this scene, Henshaw doesn't say much,
forcefully telling the passengers to shut up when they
try and talk to him. He swaggers around the car with
his knife in hand, pacing back and forth like a danger
ous caged animal. Henshaw periodically moves to a win-
dow and stares out intently, as if looking for something.

ith: The Oblivion

The players should feel anxious, as if he could attack
them at any moment.

The Dead Army of Retribution

The D.A.R. is a Renegade sect that is dedicated to
revolution and revenge. Adherents believe that personal
freedom is an inherent right of all wraiths, and that
personal liberty should be extended until it infringes
upon someone else. Consequently, the Hierarchy is evil
itself, because not only does it force slavery and servi-
tude on its subjects, but its entire economy is based on
the trade of souls and soul-forged goods. This means
that several Heretic groups are also "evil." As far as the
D.A.R. is concerned, so be it.

In their missions, D.A.R. agents will not try to harm
non-offending wraiths, though anyone with a pocket
full of oboli or flaunting Darksteel items could become
a difficulty of opportunity. On the Midnight Express,
this also includes anyone eating in the dining car. Some
agents take a particular joy in using Stygian chains and
manacles against Hierarchy foes and their stooges (any-
one who refuses to see the light of the truth after being
exposed to it). The use of Darksteel weapons and oboli
is a point of contention within the D.A.R. On the one
hand, it would be poetic justice to defeat the Hierarchy
with the tokens of their abuses, while on the other, they
would be using the tools and methods of the enemy.
Only the fear of feeding Oblivion prevents the latter
group from destroying all such items encountered.

This is a perfect opportunity for the characters to
try and talk their way out of the mess they are in. Mar-
garet is more than willing to enter into a political de-
bate. She is a true believer in the D.A.R. and will fer-
vently answer any questions, according to the party line.
So convinced is she of the righteousness of her cause,
she assumes that the passengers will join her if only
they are made aware of her beliefs. This is especially
true of the players' characters, as they show more ini-
tiative and resistance than the other passengers.

ToS teat tS

Even if no one prompts her, she begins ranting about
the evils of the Hierarchy. In her revolutionary dialec-
tic, make sure she states her views on Darksteel items
and soul-forged goods. Perceptive characters may ask
about the manacles and the three Darksteel knives the
group possesses (especially if one of the characters has
been cut by one of the knives). Margaret defends her
views on the subject, but weakly says that there is no
official D.A.R. policy against using the weapons of the
Hierarchy against them. Henshaw smirks and sneers at


this, and seems generally disgusted at her speeches.
Make sure the characters notice this, but don't hit them
over the head with it. It is an opportunity to cause some
friction between their captors.

Characters who make an Empathy + Perception roll
(difficulty 8) have the chance to learn several things.
The effects are cumulative; someone who got three suc-
cesses would also know the information for one and
two successes.

1 success Margaret sincerely believes in what
she is telling the characters.
2 successes. _ Henshaw seems poised on the e
of violence
Margaret is very disturbed by the
presence of the manacles and
Darksteel knives.

Henshaw violently dislikes
Mar
Margaret

Henshaw

successes
aret.

5 successes actively —distrusts

6 successes When, not if, Henshaw snaps, he

may be as likely to attack Margaret

as' the passengers

7+ successes Henshaw is likely to torture and kill

everyone in the car

This is the point where the characters may free
themselves. The tension between their two guards is
the key. If the characters don't cause enough friction
between Henshaw and Margaret, Henshaw will become
so enraged at her revolutionary zeal and good inten-
tions that he attacks her (with his Darksteel knife). For
the characters to break their bonds requires three accu-
mulated successes on a Strength + Athletics roll (diffi-
culty 8); to wriggle free requires three accumulated suc-
cesses on a Dexterity + Security roll (difficulty 7). Ifno
one escapes on their own, Margaret will knock Henshaw
down long enough to free the character most receptive
to her speech, demanding that he/she help her against
Henshaw.

Whether Margaret survives this encounter is en-
tirely up to the Storyteller. It would be simpler if both
she and Henshaw were neutralized, whether this is by
discorporation or capture. If either survive, the charac-
ters have the opportunity to question them about the
plans. The Renegade plan is to locate the Hierarch,
kidnap him, and jump into the Tempest with him. There

is a temporary D.A.R. base not too far away from the
tracks, ina small realm. This is all that Margaret knows.
At first, Henshaw merely echoes the Renegade plan. It
will take five accumulated successes on a resisted roll,
Manipulation or Strength + Intimidation (depending
on whether the interrogation is verbal or physical) ver-
sus Wits or Stamina + Subterfuge, to get the truth out
of Henshaw.

If the characters manage to wear Henshaw down,
he tells them about the real plan: They intend to derail
the Midnight Express. It will take three more interro-
gation successes before Henshaw confesses that he and
Leo are Spectres, and they made this plan with Frances
and Kelly's Shadows.

vvy

Act li: The Chase

hat is your substance, whereof are you
made,
That millions of strange shadows on you
tend?

— Shakespeare, Sonnet 53

Scene One

Now that they are free, the characters have to de-
cide what to do. If they plan to leave the car, they have
to deal with the fact that two of them look like typi-
cally evil Spectres (this is no problem if one of the char-
acters possesses Moliate 2). If Margaret survived the
fight and heard Henshaw's confession, she insists on
helping the characters.

There are several options. The characters can go
after Leo and Max (who went toward the back of the
train), they can go after Kelly and Frances (who went
toward the front), or they can try to find and warn ei-
ther Stillwell or Shaw. You may want to encourage them
to go toward the rear of the train first (see following
scenes). If no one has Moliate 2, the characters may try
to clamber along the tops of the cars. This requires a
Strength + Athletics roll (difficulty 7) to get on the
roof, and two Dexterity + Athletics rolls (difficulty 6)
per car to avoid falling. To leap between cars requires a
Strength + Athletics roll (difficulty 7). On a standard
failure, they fall to the roof of the car, and should make
a soak roll to avoid taking one level of damage. If they
botch, they will fall off the train completely, and should
make a soak roll to avoid taking four levels of damage.


They are also left alone in the Tempest as the Mid-
night Express quickly fades in the distance... Climbing
under the cars is a sure path to discorporation; describe
the railroad ties flying past, the metal wheels spinning
like sawblades, etc. See Scene Five for the results of
traveling on the rooftop.

Scene Two

This scene assumes the characters are going toward
the back of the train, whether to find Stillwell, the Hi-
erarch, or Leo and Max.

In the next car back, the characters encounter Max
and Leo, who are returning to the Pullman. What hap-
pens depends on several factors, listed below.

© The characters don't know the Spectres' plan
and Margaret is not with them.

Max believes that their escape could endanger the
kidnapping plot, and Leo is content to play along for
now. The two of them move purposefully toward the
characters, weapons drawn but out of sight (within the
folds of a shirt or jacket, held against the body, etc.).
Leo flashes his knife as they close in, telling the char-
acters to just turn around and go back to the Pullman
car. If the characters resist, Leo and Max will attempt
to subdue them as quickly and as quietly as possible. If
the characters turn back around as soon as they see Leo
and Max, they have the opportunity to set up an am-
bush in the Pullman car.

Note: If anyone is openly brandishing a weapon
(especially Margaret's Louisville Slugger), or if a fight
breaks out, the passengers will all flee toward the back
of the train. Some sort of outcry may also occur if the
characters come face to face with their Sculpted twin(s),
assuming the characters have Moliated themselves back
to normal.

© The characters know the Spectres' plan and
Margaret is not with them.

Unless the characters yell the truth to Max, he and
Leo will begin to close as above, with weapons drawn.
Once they are close, the characters can attempt to con-
vince them of what they have learned. Max first de-
mands to know what happened to Margaret. How the
characters respond to this directly affects the tone of
further conversation.

If they don't know who the Spectres are, but are
still able to convince Max that the Renegade plan is

th: The Oblivion

just a cover for the Spectres, he will agree to a tempo-
rary alliance. Leo will as well, and wait for a better and
more private time to attack them. Leo will suggest that
they try to find Kelly, who is the leader of this raid.
Unless the characters can offer a better alternative, Max
will go along with this.

If the characters know who the Spectres are, sev-
eral choices are open to them. They can attack Leo on
sight, but Max will defend him, at least initially. If they
get close enough to talk and accuse Leo, he will attack
them, screaming that they are Doppelgangers who are
trying to kill him. If they go back to the Pullman car,
their options increase. There are no witnesses to com-
plicate matters, and the other passengers know the truth.
Leo will still attack if accused, yelling to Max that they
are Hierarchy traitors. Max's actions depend on how
convincing the characters are.

They have the same chance for an ambush as de-
scribed above.

Note: If weapons are openly displayed or a fight
breaks out in the other car, the passengers will run to
the rear of the train (as above).

© The characters know the Spectres' plan, and
Margaret is with them.

The characters have a great deal more credibility
with Max if Margaret is with them. If they don't know
who the Spectres are, Margaret will grimly walk up to
Max and tell him that the mission has been compro-
mised. She will suggest that they all return to the Pull-
man car, where they can talk freely. As above, Leo will
go along for now, waiting for the right moment to at-
tack them (though he is a Spectre, he has enough of a
sense of self-preservation not to attack them all at once).

If they know who the bad guys are, it's a whole dif-
ferent story. Unless the Circle has established a plan
for just such a meeting, or restrains her, Margaret will
attack Leo, yelling to Max that he is a Spectre. If Max
thinks Leo is trying to kill her (he is), he will leap to
Margaret's aid. Otherwise, he will try to quickly sepa-
rate them and get them back to the Pullman car. In
either case, once Max has heard the whole story, he,
too, will work to prevent the derailment of the Mid-
night Express.

Note: If weapons are openly displayed or a fight
breaks out in the other car, the passengers will run to
the rear of the train (as above).


Scene Three

This scene assumes the characters have made it past
Leo and Max, and are continuing toward the rear of
the train (to find Stillwell, Shaw, or whatever).

© No outcry was raised in the previous scene.

If no outcry was made and they aren't openly carry-
ing weapons, the characters can proceed to the Orient
Express dining car without further incident. When they
enter the car, all eyes turn toward them. Emile, the
maitre d' (see page 13 for Emile's stats), walks over to
them, condescension oozing from every pore. He looks
them over slowly, sniffs derisively, and asks how he can
help them. If the characters falter, or ask about Stillwell
or Shaw, Emile will state that this is a dining car, and
he assumes they are here to dine, no? If they are openly
holding weapons, Emile snaps his fingers to summon a
burly busboy, who will offer to check them. Emile will
insist that weapons are not only against policy, but that
they interfere with the ambience (at a table in the rear
of the car, the characters can see the Hierarch Brandon
Shaw seated with the centurion, his table flanked by
armed Legionnaires). Let Emile give them a hard time
for as long as it is entertaining.

If the characters stubbornly refuse to give up their
weapons, Shaw dispatches one of his Legionnaires to
see what the problem is. This is an opportunity to re-
quest an audience. If either Max or Margaret is with
the party, they will visibly stiffen when the Legionnaire
strides over. If none of the characters say anything to
him, they will contemptuously say that they don't need
the help of any Hierarchy flunky. If the Renegades be-
come too openly hostile, Emile will look around the
half-empty dining car and say that he's very sorry, but
he doesn't seem to have a table free at the moment (his
tone of voice will show he is anything but sorry).

At this point, Shaw calls out, asking Emile to es-
cort the party to his table. Emile graciously concedes,
and politely escorts the characters over. All four of the
Legionnaires coldly look them over; the players should
feel like bacteria under a microscope. The Centurion
stares unblinkingly at whoever is speaking. Brandon
Shaw is wearing his mask of office, so all that is visible
of his face are his ice blue eyes and his mouth.

Shaw asks the characters what it is they require. If
the Renegades are with them, they will refuse to talk. If
the characters decide to tell him of the Spectres' plot,
he will commend them for bringing this matter to his

attention. He will then tell them that their govern-
ment has further need of them. Since they can recog-
nize both Kelly and Frances, he will send two of his
guards with them to apprehend or (preferably) defeat
them. If the Renegades are in the party, he will invite
them to stay with him. When they naturally balk, he
will insist that they sample his hospitality. The Centu-
tion will make a very small sign to two of the Legion-
naires, who will simultaneously draw their gladii.
Though the Renegades hate the Hierarchy, they will
not foolishly sacrifice themselves.

© An outcry was raised in the previous scene.

The first two characters who enter the dining car
are grabbed by unseen hands and hurled to the floor of
the car. When they look up, they see two Legionnaires
holding gladii to their throats (no rolls should be made
for this). The Centurion is standing a short distance
away, and he instructs the rest of the party to surrender
their weapons unless they want to see what headless
wraiths look like. Encourage the players to surrender.
Even asizable party should feel intimidated by five well-
trained Hierarchy soldiers.

qhe Legionnaires

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2 (the Centurion has 3),
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2


Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3
Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4

Knowledges: (Centurion has Bureaucracy 2, Politics 2)
Backgrounds: none

Passions: Serve the Hierarchy (Pride) 5, Destroy
Enemies (Anger) 4, one point of personal Passion
Arcanos: Argos 1, Castigate 2, Moliate 3

Fetters: As needed

Corpus: 10

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 6

Angst: 4

Equipment: Gladius (difficulty 5, damage Strength +3),
one set of manacles each

The characters are questioned closely by the Cen-
turion, with mild physical "encouragement" provided
by the Legionnaires (no more than one or two levels of
damage from a light punch). Make the interrogation
seem much more threatening than it actually is. Shaw
will allow it to go on until he is convinced that the
players are telling the truth. Throughout the entire or-
deal, he is sitting at his table, flanked by two Legion-
naires, calmly sipping cappuccino.

Once he is convinced, Shaw impresses the charac-
ters into service. If the Renegades are with them, they
are held "as a token of good faith." As above, Shaw
sends two of his Legionnaires with the characters.

Scene Four

This scene assumes the characters are moving for-
ward through the train, either looking for Stillwell or
Frances and Kelly. This can take place either before or
after Act III, scene two.

The characters move through the cars unmolested
(unless they are openly carrying weapons), until they
reach the car immediately behind the engine. In the
forward end of this car, they see Frances and Kelly,
whose attention is focused on what they can see of the
engine. If the characters try to sneak up on them, have
them make a resisted roll, Dexterity + Stealth versus
Perception + Alertness. If successful, they have surprise
on whatever action they wish to take. If not, one or
both of the sleepwalkers turn to face them. Frances and
Kelly quickly realize that their cover is blown. Kelly
hurls himself at the characters, intent on blocking the
aisle and taking as many of them as possible. Frances

Wrait

———

goes through the door to the engine. If either the Ren-
egades or the Legionnaires are with them, conveniently
arrange for them to be in the rear of the party.

After the characters defeat Kelly (which shouldn't
prove too difficult, seeing that they greatly outnumber
him), the train slows slightly. This should prompt the
characters to rush into the engine, convinced that the
Spectres' plan has come to pass. The first thing they
see is the engineer, who is groggily getting to his feet. A
Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 6) reveals that
the throttle's deadman switch has been released, caus-
ing the Midnight Express to slow. A successful Percep-
tion + Science roll (difficulty 6) allows the characters
to reengage the engine.

Heart-wrenching sobs from the corner of the en-
gine draw the characters' attention. As they look over,
they see Stillwell standing over the inconsolable Scott
Frances, his hand on Frances' head (Stillwell used Cas-
tigate 3 to temporarily banish his Shadow). Stillwell
thanks them for their assistance, and asks them to please
return to their car. He tells them he must take care of
Frances, but will be around as soon as possible. If asked
whether he intends to discorporate him or abandon him
to the Tempest, Stillwell gives an emphatic no. He ex-
plains that Frances was controlled by his Shadow, and
is not truly accountable for his actions. Anyone who
thinks otherwise will have to answer to Stillwell.

Scene five

This scene assumes at least some of the characters
are traveling on the roofs of the cars.

© The players are traveling toward the rear of the
train.

Have the leap onto the roof of the Orient Express
dining car be an especially difficult one. As the charac-
ters pause to regain their balance, they see a Legion-
naire with manacles in hand climb on the roof from
the far end of the car. The characters turn to escape
and notice that another Legionnaire has climbed aboard
behind them, gladius drawn. The Legionnaires' intent
is to capture, not kill. The Legionnaire with gladius
drawn attacks the character's weapon, attempting to
disarm. The other attempts to grapple and manacle. Any
combat roll that fails requires a Dexterity + Athletics
roll (difficulty 6) to maintain balance. A failure requires
asoak roll to avoid taking one level of damage. A botch
automatically results in the loss of the next action as
the player desperately clings to the roof to avoid slid-


ing off. It also requires a soak roll to avoid taking three
levels of damage. Once the characters surrender or are
captured, proceed to Act III, scene two.

© The characters are traveling toward the front
of the train.

Have the leap onto the roof of the last car prove
especially difficult. As the characters pause to regain
their balance, Kelly climbs on the roof in front of them.
He grins evilly as he draws his knife. His intent is to
delay the characters as long as possible. He does his
best to kill them or throw them off the train (a con-
tested Strength + Brawl roll (difficulty 6); requires a
successful grapple first). The results of a failed combat
roll are detailed above. Assuming Kelly is defeated, pro-
ceed to the latter half of Scene four. (Note: If a player's
character is thrown off, Stillwell will stop the train to
allow her to reboard, assuming she wasn't discorporated
by the fall.)

Conclusion

This scene takes place in the Pullman car. Stillwell
enters and thanks the characters for their aid. In grati-
tude, he promises them royal treatment the next time
they travel on the Midnight Express. If Brandon Shaw
is holding either or both of the Renegades, Stillwell
will see that they are released. If the characters encoun-
tered Shaw without attacking a Legionnaire, he will
offer them each half an oboli (he will not offer to pay
the Renegades). If they did attack a Legionnaire, he
will reluctantly pardon their crime.

Depending on how the characters reacted to the
Renegades and the Hierarchy, they may gain one point
in the appropriate status. In any event, Stillwell will
greet them by name the next time they ride the Mid-
night Express, and treat them as valued passengers. He
will inform the rest of the staff to do the same (even
Emile).

Scott Frances is under the care of Nicholas, the
Ferryman, who interceded at Stillwell's request. If asked
about Frances, Stillwell will tell the characters that he
is resting and does not wish to be disturbed.


Six-Guns and Soullire

There is a lonely place

called the 3:10 to Yuma

A man may meet his fate
For fate travels everywhere...

There's a legend and

there's a rumor:

When you take the 3:10 to Yuma
You can hear the ghosts of outlaws go ridin' by...
— Theme from "3:10 to Yuma"

=W| ix-Guns and Soulfire is a five-act ad-
§| venture beginning and ending with the
4 Midnight Express. The adventure works
best if the characters are independent
of the three main factions in Wraith.
=) They'll have a difficult choice to make,

however — a choice between the Hi-
erarchy and the Renegades.

Theme

The major themes of the adventure are duty and
honor, two of the old stand-bys of the Western genre.
These motivations are common among many devoted

members of the Hierarchy... or are they? In any group
of wraiths, there's often a conflict between one's duty
to society and one's rights as an individual. How much
should someone give to his societal obligations? How
much does society owe him in return? How much should
we, as members of society, give for the sake of the world
around us? How should we work to change the world
around us?

Mood

The adventure can shift through many different
moods: nostalgia, a tragic sense of loss, and a touch of
comic relief make for a good mix. Don't be afraid to

35

——» 2s one, - eo =e i:
COR 7 aK ZF ion, a & Ee 4S


make ita little melodramatic if that will encourage bet-
ter roleplaying.

The wraiths the Circle will meet in this adventure
have gone soft, and they've taken the benefits of their
Necropolis for granted. Now they've left themselves
wide open for an attack from the Renegades, and the
characters may be the only ones who can save this
Western ghost town.

The Storyteller is encouraged to watch a few West-
erns to get the mood of this type of adventure down. If
the characters manage to save the town of Pumpkin,
Arizona, it could easily become a recurring location in
a campaign. "High Noon," "3:10 to Yuma," "The Mag-
nificent Seven" and "The Prisoner" episode "Living in
Harmony" can help inspire the troupe to develop this
type of chronicle.

Act i: The Wildemess

Scene One: The Midnight Express
‘aia he adventure begins on a passenger car
| of the Midnight Express. Dark tendrils
caress the windows as the train passes
through the Tempest. Gas lamps hold
1) the darkness at bay and fill the room
with a yellow glow. The decor in the
car is based on the early 1880s of the American South-
west. In one corner, a man in buckskins carrying a relic
Winchester rifle keeps an eye out for Nephracks in the
Void. A Chinese immigrant warily regards a saloon
singer in an ostentatious dress. A Buffalo soldier talks
with a 12-year-old newsboy about the real value of news-
papers from 1884.

The characters are all sitting near a beautiful young
wraith named Elizabeth Bradshaw. She's traveling to a
small ghost town in Arizona to visit an old friend: the
Sheriff of the town. A conversation between the Circle
and Ms. Bradshaw is an excellent way to foster a sense
of unity and identity in the group if this is a beginning
adventure.

Liz is very worried for her safety, and she's impressed
enough with the Circle to try to elicit their help.

4 €Elfsabeth Bradshaw ;

Elizabeth Bradshaw

Liz grew up in Boston as a member of a wealthy
family. She ran away at the age of 16 with a dashing
young lawman. Their destination was a sleepy little
town called Pumpkin, Arizona. Liz and her young beau
felt safe there, and they planned to start a family there...
until the arrival of a bandito named Alberto Habenero.
Her boyfriend, the Sheriff, ran him out of town, but Liz
never really felt safe there again.

Later, the town started to die, and she moved back
East. She lived the rest of her life in Boston. Before the
turn of the century, Pumpkin became a ghost town. A
century later, on the other side, Liz found out that her
boyfriend is still in Pumpkin — this time as a Hierar-
chy representative. Her regret over giving up a life with
him has given her the Passion to fight Oblivion.
Demeanor: Caregiver
Nature: Survivor
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 3
Skills: Expression 2, Meditation 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Medicine 2, Linguistics (French) 1


Passions: Find her lost love (Love) 3, Support law and
order (Pride) 3

‘Areanos:-Argos3

Fetters: Home in Boston, 2; The Sheriff, 3
Willpower: 5

Pathos: 5

Angst: 2

Shadow: The Leech. Elizabeth has survived quite well
without the protection of her former boyfriend, but her
own sense of inadequacy continues to drive her to him.
Thorns: Trick of the Light

Shadow Passions: Find someone else (Fear) 3, Hurt
others (Pain) 4

Image: Her outfit is very proper. After all, she's a spokes-
person of propriety. Her hair is tied in a neat bun, her
boots are immaculately polished, and her dress is al-
ways clean, even if it takes Arcanos to keep it that way.
Her smile could stop a stampeding buffalo.
Roleplaying Hints: Shift through different gears until
you find the method that motivates the Circle best. Liz
can maintain a facade of modesty, enabling her to warm
the heart of a true gentleman; emote her sense of dis-
tress well enough to convey her feelings to an Empathic
confidant; ot let her hair down while charming the most
hardened cynic.

Liz is very proper about introducing herself and find-
ing out all about the Circle before she tells them about
her long-lost love and her life in A a. She grows
nostalgic as she tells her story. Then she gasps as four
strangers walk through the door leading to the com-
partment.

The four gentlemen trail a cloud of black dust be-
hind them. They almost radiate Angst. They stare down
the passengers in the car, trying to intimidate anyone
who attempts to meet their gaze.

As Elizabeth begins to fade away using Enshroud,
she whispers a warning. "Those men! I know who they
are! They work for Habenero! Ready your Arcanos,
folks, they might be after me!"

They came from throughout the Southwest — men
and women with contempt for laws that didn't belong
on the wild frontier. They lived their lives in defiance
of law and order. Now that they've crossed to the other
side, the Hierarchy is the only force that opposes their
struggle for what they're truly entitled to: freedom
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2

Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Investigation 3

Background: Status (Renegades) 2

Passions: Raise hell (Joy) 4, Destroy the Hierarchy
(Pride) 3

Arcanos: Puppetry 3, Moliate 3

Fetters: None

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 5

Angst: 7

Shadow: Varies

Thorns: Varies


Shadow Passions: Kill anything that gets in your way
(Pain) 4, Back down from an even fight (Cowardice) 3
Image: Their clothes are soiled from too much time in
the Shadowlands of the desert, their hair is unruly from
long journeys in the Tempest, and their skin is eter-
nally parched from a former lifetime in the deserts of
the Southwest.

Roleplaying Notes: Anywhere you go, you've got a right
to be there and a right to damn well act like it. You've
got every right to use mortals to go into the Skinlands
as well. You're free — free of the constraints of the real
world, free of the laws of men and God, and even free
from death itself.

A few Perception + Awareness rolls, modified by
whatever distractions the characters enact, determine
if the gunslingers notice Liz. The characters might wisely
avoid a confrontation, offer a distraction, or get a sud-
den case of testosterone poisoning and attack the Ren-
egades. Only one of the gunslingers needs to make it
out of the train car for the purposes of this adventure.
As long as one Renegade can find allies, the adventure
goes on.

If the characters do nothing, the Renegades gener-
ally act hostile to anyone who gets in their way. The
Buffalo soldier shows his disdain by slowly loading his
relic rifle. An elderly gambler discreetly reaches for a
derringer in his boot. No one, however, has the cour-
age to risk a fight. Any sizable confrontation will result
in one of the gunslingers stopping the others. "Save it
for Pumpkin, men. Save it for Pumpkin. Habenero's
going to need our help."

After a suitable quantity of Angst and tension is
dispensed, the gunslingers move on to the next car.
Elizabeth once again becomes visible.

"I know what those boys are up to. They're gun-
ning for my fiancé, I know it! We've got to warn him!
We've got to beat the train to Pumpkin and warn the
town!"

<<

Habenero is not yet on the train — he's boarding at a
later stop. If the players try to push the Angst level of the
scene a bit further and chase the gunslingers through the
train, they'll fail to find them. This action will also aban-
don the lady in distress, possibly jeopardizing their oppor-
tunity to be heroes. This would be unwise: Heroism makes
for an excellent source of Pathos.

MacDougall


C MacBoucall

Scene Two: The Tempest

The Argos Arcanos is the best way to get to Pump-
kin quickly. If no one else knows it, Liz does. Only the
menace of Spectres was sufficient to dissuade her from
traveling through the Tempest alone. If the dice are
unkind, a fast-flowing current in the Tempest will whisk
the characters on to the next scene. Someone has been
preparing a route leading to the town...

Sure enough, two Shades are waiting to ambush
anyone ready to Argos into Pumpkin (see the Wraith:
the Oblivion Appendix for more information on
Shades). Hopefully, combat will not be necessary.

The Spectres are dressed as prospectors, and a huge
skeletal mule laden with pickaxes and other weapons is
resting nearby. Anyone suitably observant (or resource-
ful) notices that the Shades are looking at a map of

Central Arizona. There are arrows around the town of
Pumpkin, suggesting some sort of planned troop move-
ments for assaulting the town. The Shades are scouts
for an army waiting to attack Pumpkin. Could there be
some connection between the Renegades' plans and
those of these Shades?

If the characters can outwit or outmaneuver the
Shades, fine. If the characters are itching to start a fight,
the wounds they incur will penalize them for the rest of
the adventure and encourage them to be a little more
cautious.

Slipping out of the Tempest and into the town of
Pumpkin with Elizabeth's help should be rather straight-
forward. Elizabeth will be shocked to see what's hap-
pened to the Old West. Pumpkin has indeed changed.
It's now a tourist trap.

Chapter Two: Six Guns and Soulfire 39


Act Il: Civilization

— typical anti-tourist bumper
sticker

There's a train station at the east
[ye end of town. Regular trains don't stop

here anymore, but the Midnight Ex-
press makes a stop once a month. As the characters re-
form in the Shadowlands at the end of the street, they
see a typical tourist tableau set before them. Two
stuntmen face off in the middle of the street. The Sher-
iff is tall, handsome and blond; the "villain" has a scrag-
gly beard and wears a black hat. A crowd of pale and
flabby bodies watches from the sides of the street. Tour-
ists hang expectantly on each word of narration com-
ing from the loudspeakers nearby. After a few lines of
dialogue, the stuntmen draw. The hollow sound of
blanks echoes across the desert. "Good" triumphs over
"evil."

The Skinlands are active with tourists milling
about. From the mortal point of view, it's a prosperous
town, one where business is good and everyone's hav-
ing a carefully orchestrated and merchandised good
time. The wraiths in the Shadowlands see the town a
little differently. They've got a growing sense of con-
tempt for the tourists. To them, the town isa lie. They're
bitter about what their town has become, but they won't
admit it, and they certainly won't do anything about it.
The characters have a chance to do something about
that.

From the viewpoint of the wraiths, the town is bet-
ter off in the Shadowlands than it is in the real world.
The decay in the Shadowlands shows the town as it
was a hundred years ago. There's another element to
the scenery, though. The worst problems in this small
Necropolis aren't the peeling of paint or the cracks in
the sidewalk. The spirit of the Old West is dying. It's
getting further and further away from the world of the
living. It's still there, waiting for the land of the Quick
to remember it, but it's almost as though it has no place
in the world.


pli he Town

The local wraiths are clearly ignoring the decay they
have to live with, just as most wraiths do. However,
they've obviously grown soft as a result of their easy
lifestyle for the last century. The characters are going
to have to stir up some enthusiasm if they're going to
save the town. Give them a chance to explore and meet
the local wraiths.

Locations

© Simpson Saloon

This is the most popular hang-out for wraiths. In
the Shadowlands, Madame Zarah, the town's scarlet
woman, gives performances on the stage three times a
day. Performances occur in the Skinlands at the same
time. The actors in the world of the living are drama
school drop-outs; in the Shadowlands, however, Ma-
dame Zarah's talent at Keening usually carries the show.
It also provides Pathos for wraiths in the area.

The festivities in the Shadowlands are continuously
animated. Sometimes a notable wraith of the Old West
will stop by to tell stories. A player piano sits in the
corner, and Joe Hill plays it for hours on end. Deputy
Bishop will gladly challenge anyone to a game of cards.
The saloon isn't as crowded as it used to be, but there's
still an atmosphere of camaraderie. The cobwebs in the
corners grow larger each year, but the saloon is still the
best place for the locals to get together and enjoy their
town.

The saloon in the world of the Quick is a bit more
dreadful. Cowboy beans and overpriced steaks are the
usual fare, along with a noxious substance called "sar-
saparilla," which tastes remarkably like root beer. Saw-
dust covers the floor. There's a long line of tourists anx-
ious to spend their cash, and, as one would expect,
they're herded through like cattle.

The saloon does have one interesting tradition: No
one is allowed to wear a necktie into the "restaurant."
A collection of clipped ties is stapled to one wall. To
add to the festive spirit of the restaurant, the town's
undertaker has tacked thirteen nooses to the wall as
well, commemorating the visits of notorious criminals
over the last century.

© Old Fly's Photo Shop

In the Skinlands, tourists often stop by to pose for
quick "period" photographs. For 20 bucks, a would-be

desperado can get his picture on a computer-printed
"Wanted" poster. The walls are plastered with sample
photographs. Most of them are of tourists pretending
to be what they're not.

Observant wraiths will notice (with a successful roll
of Perception + Investigation) that there are some au-
thentic daguerreotypes mixed in with the photographs.
These hidden photos show Pumpkin in its heyday. A
man ina formal suit cuts a yellow ribbon and opens the
train station. Reverend Ezekial holds a wedding in the
town chapel. The saloon is packed during a boisterous
party, a family stands outside their new home, two kids
play near the stables, and so on.

The most significant picture shows three gunsling-
ers and a mysterious stranger standing in the middle of
Main Street. The three men look just like the men the
characters met on the train. The engraving on the frame
is worn, but a little polishing, using Outrage, reveals a
name: Alberto Habenero. (His description is given at
the end of this adventure.)

© The Livery Stable

Pony rides are a popular attraction in the Skinlands.
Pudgy little kids clutching ice cream bars and cotton
candy climb aboard near-exhausted horses and shout
things like "Yee-haw!" and "Giddy-up!"

The most frequent dead resident to the stables is a
9-year-old kid known only as "Kid." He's quite willing
to run errands... for a price. He's also shockingly accu-
rate with his Artifact Outrage Slingshot.

¢ The Church

Well, this was a church once. Services aren't per-
formed here anymore, so the financiers behind the town
didn't want the space to go to waste. Besides, it makes
for a charming gift store. There's even a collection plate
on top of the cash register. The man behind the collec-
tion plate sits faithfully (and sedentarily) at his post for
40 hours a week, hiding his steadily increasing intoxi-
cation.

There's a wealth of treasures here: stuffed
"jackalopes" with actual horns, prickly pear candy, cap
pistols of all varieties, plastic deputy badges made in
Hong Kong, cowboy hats designed to fall apart in a
week, plastic spurs for jabbing younger siblings, cute
little cacti in tiny pots, countless framed posters of
"charming Indians," butch-looking Arizona T-shirts
adorned with eagles and wolves, New York salsa, wine
in cans, Arizona Iced Tea, hastily written Western nov-
els... you get the idea.

Chapter Two: Six Guns and Soulfire 41


Joe Hill can use his Arcanos to bring any of these
items into the Shadowlands (if they're really needed).
Any characters desiring equipment can get a sizable sup-
ply of touristy crap if they can convince Joe to acquire
it.

The town priest still lives here, but refuses to come
down from the belfry most of the time. Occasionally,
he rings the church bell in the Shadowlands to call for
a "town meeting."

© Joe's General Store

Mmmmm. Real Western grub. Hot dogs, cola, cot-
ton candy, candy bars, ice cream — makes you feel like
you're in an episode of "Bonanza." There are also about
ten varieties of Parlboro cigarettes. The display is next
toa large poster showing a real Hollywood actor sitting
on an actual horse.

Joe's extremely carefree about his life here. As long
as he can be near the gluttonous tourists, he's got all
the Pathos he needs. Although the snack stand meets
all the health code requirements in the Skinlands, the
store is an absolute mess in the Shadowlands. It's evi-
dent that Joe hasn't cleaned up here in a long time. He
seems quite content to let entropy slowly win.

© Sheriff's Office

Anyone who's seen enough TV sitcoms knows what
visitors want to see here. Tourists step inside the jail
cell, point at the guns hanging on the wall, take lots of
photographs and completely ignore Michael Bishop, the
wraith deputy who sleeps in the Sheriff's chair. A pair
of rusty six-shooters in cracked leather holsters hangs
on the wall. There's a safe behind Deputy Bishop con-
taining 30 oboli in a Stygian-metal box. Only the Sheriff
knows the combination.

When the characters meet the Deputy, he'll have
some advice for them. See Meeting the Deputy in Act
Ill.

© Main Street

On Main Street in front of the saloon, Sefior
Habenero gunned down ten victims. The area is still a
level two Haunt. To commercialize on... er, commemo-
rate the event, two stuntmen have a staged gunfight at
noon and dawn. One dresses as the former Sheriff, and
the other is dressed as Habenero. This should be one of
the first things the characters notice.

The scenic storefronts of Pumpkin once led to a
magnificent vista of the Arizona desert. Main Street
now leads to a parking lot. The ten gunslingers killed
by Alberto Habenero are buried under it.

While witnessing the state of the town, the char-
acters have a chance to talk to the local wraiths. Eliza-
beth indignantly warns everyone about the attack. Un-
fortunately, she's so hysterical and confrontational that
she completely fails to convince anyone.

The wraiths of Pumpkin are detailed below, along
with their perspectives on current events. They're will-
ing to listen to reason, but the characters should have
to work hard if they really want some allies.

Madame Zarah

Zarah made a life for herself in the West while fight-
ing for her freedom every step of the way. Every choice
she made was hers, and she knows the importance of
looking out for herself first. Unfortunately, her hard-
headed nature continually got her into trouble, right
up to the day she was shot by a jealous ex-lover.
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Conniver
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2
Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Performance 4, Survival 1
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2


m 2, Wealth 1
Passions: Impress an audience (Pride) 3, Chastity
(Faith) 4
Arcanos: Keening 3
Fetters: Center stage in the Saloon, 3; An old derrin-
ger pistol, 3
Willpower: 6
Pathos: 5
Angst: 4
Shadow: The Rationalist. She can justify anything if
her survival is at stake.
Thorns: Bad Luck
Shadow Passions: Taunt the gullible (Lust) 3
Image: A "Rubenesque" buxom brunette. Zarah loves
to use the Arcanos Moliate to change her costumes from
show to show. Most of them sparkle from a side-effect
of her art.
Roleplaying Hints: Flirt. Your livelihood depends on
your ability to draw people to you. Even around the
ladies in town, you still wear your sensuality like a new
dress from Frisco.
Madame Zarah is no slouch. She's shrewd. She's re-
sourceful. She also happens to be the second-best shot
in town. Unfortunately, she places her own survival
above anything else.

qhe kid

His parents never really cared much what he did.
They were far too busy working to try to get by. The
Kid learned quickly how to make a profit, and his par-
ents, desperate for his support, never wondered too
much where the money came from.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Conniver

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2

Skills: Dodge 3, Firearms (Slingshot) 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Investigation 3

Backgrounds: Wealth 1, Contacts 2, Allies 1
Passions: Make a quick buck (Greed) 3, Help strangers
(Trust) 4

Arcanos: Argos 3

Fetters: Grave, 3; Red wagon, 3

Willpower: 4

Pathos: 5

Angst: 2

Shadow: The Pusher. Sometimes you have to take a
few extra chances to make a deal.

Thorns: Tainted Touch

Shadow Passions: Drive others to Oblivion (Pain) 3,
Join the Renegades (Fear) 4

Image: A little over five feet tall with freckles and an
unrelenting cowlick. He's always got a mischievous grin
because he's always up to something.

Roleplaying Hints: Anyone is fair game for a scam.
Any conversation is a chance to turn a quick profit,
whether for oboli or favors.

Artifact: Outrage Slingshot. This works just like a sling-
shot except that it's used in the Shadowlands to create
distractions in the Skinlands. It will also do one die of
damage in the Skinlands for each point of Pathos in-
vested in a shot (up to four dice).

Reverend Ezekial

Ezekial led a sinful life in Boston. No one remem-
bers his life as an exploitative rake. He was sure he'd
find redemption in the purifying heat of the desert. He
did... for his Psyche, at least. His Shadow holds a dark

secret.

Chapter Two: Six Guns and Soulfire B


Ezekial was killed after a tryst with Madame Zarah.
The jealous ex-lover who shot them both has since passed
into Oblivion, so only the two of them know of their sin.
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Judge
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Expression 3
Skills: Leadership 1, Survival 2
Knowledges: Occult 2
Backgrounds: Status (Heretics) 1, Notoriety 1,
Eidolon 2
Passions: Find the sinners in town (Lust) 3, Oppose
Heretics (Faith) 3
Arcanos: Castigate 3, Fatalism 3
Fetters: Pulpit, 3; Bible, 2; A room upstairs in the sa-
loon, 2
Willpower: 2
Pathos: 5
Angst: 1
Shadow: The Leech. Ezekial frequently spoke of the
sins of the flesh. This was often to assist in his denial of
his own weak-willed nature.

Thorns: Shadow Life, Doppelganger. Madame Zarah
still has a mysterious paramour...

==
Fa

Shadow Passions: Allow the church to die (Pain) 3,
Leave Madame Zarah (Fear) 4

Image: Wild eyes, wild hair, and a continually bubbling
aura of paranoid energy. He always acts like a Mael-
strom or the Apocalypse will come any minute.
Roleplaying Hints: Rant and rave. (Christopher Lloyd
as Reverend Jim on "Taxi" is a good model.) Only an
emergency will draw you down from the belfry. Then
again, you think of just about anything as a potential
emergency.

joe bil

Joe lived a simple life. He kept his general store
well-stocked, and he reveled in the saloon in the
evening. He's always been incompetent, but no one
faults him. He's too good-natured to hate.

Most of the townspeople don't know about his past.
Joe moved out West because of a series of robberies he
committed back East. He kept running until he met some-
one who could forgive him, and he settled down in a place
he thought no one would find him. Joe and his wife had a
peaceful life in Pumpkin, right up to the day she was killed.
After that, he spent his days working in the General Store
and his nights drinking in the saloon.

There was a time when Joe cared very deeply about
his lost wife. Now he's trying to forget about her, and
he's slipping closer to Oblivion because of it.

= re


Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Loner

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3
Skills: Performance (Piano) 3, Etiquette 2
Knowledges: Finance 3

Backgrounds: Wealth 3, Contacts 2
Passions: Eat, drink and be merry (Lust) 3, Avenge the
death of his wife (Love) 4

Arcanos: Outrage 2, Inhabit 4

Fetters: General Store, 4; Bottle of poison, 3
Willpower: 3

Pathos: 5

Angst: 3

Shadow: The Abuser. Joe's always been good to him-
self. Maybe he should feel guilty for that. Maybe he
should punish himself for his lack of self-control.
Thorns: Pact of Doom

Shadow Passions: Steal from the living (Greed) 4, Let
his friends suffer (Pain) 3

Image: Very rotund and sedentary. Joe is... well, jovial, but
he's dangerous when he's angry. His cheerful exterior and
happy-go-lucky nature get a little strained sometimes.
Roleplaying Hints: Nothing's going to upset you. You've
got it easy here. Why worry? If the town's going to die,
there might as well be a big party before it happens.

Mrs, MeCaffee

It is such a pity that her husband died. Edmus and
Edna would often talk long into the night about the
troubles he had at work ata cemetery in Chicago. He saved
for decades so that they could go on a trip to Europe. Then
he died, and Mrs. McCaffee sank into despair. She only
knew of one skill she could use to make her living. She
had to... the opiates she used to escape her grief became
more and more addictive and expensive.

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Deviant

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 3

Skills: Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Stealth 4

~~
Pag

Le

\
2
=
a

ss

€hnn Weaffee

Knowledges: Medicine 2, Science (Mortuary Sci-
ence) 3

Backgrounds: Notoriety 1, Wealth 1, Contacts 1
Passions: Spread gloom (Despair) 3, Warn the living
of death (Fear) 3

Arcanos: Phantasm 3, Pandemonium 2

Fetters: Opium, 4; Undertaker's office, 3

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 7

Angst: 6

Shadow: Parent. Edmus kept her so safe. She had such
a lovely life in her gilded cage. Maybe she should go
back to that sane, normal life.

Thorns: Shadow Life. Edna harvests Pathos by bring-
ing nightmares to tourists in the Holiday Six.

Shadow Passions: Kill the living (Resentment) 4, Dis-
turb graves (Fear) 3

Image: Six feet of gloom and doom. She's usually dressed
in flowing black gowns and is stylish enough to put an
Edward Gorey drawing to shame. She always walks with
lumbering strides. McCaffee knows she's intimidating, es-
pecially since most of the men in the town distrust such
an independent woman. She likes it that way. The word
"Gothic" should be painted on her forehead in big neon
letters.

Roleplaying Hints: Try for sinister and malevolent in-
stead of comically foreboding. McCaffee is perfect for

Chapter Two: Six Guns and Soulfire 45


warning the characters that Oblivion is on the way. If
things get bad, she'll really want to take the Midnight
Express out of town.

Deputy Bishop

The Sheriff was such a hero. The Deputy hardly
had to work at all. Bishop had a nice, relaxing life, and
has a nice relaxing afterlife, as well.
Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Conformist
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3
Skills: Drive (Ride Horse) 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 1,
Investigation 2
Knowledges: Law 2
Backgrounds: Hierarchy 1
Passions: Protect the town (Duty) 1, Avoid danger
(Cowardice) 4
Arcanos: Moliate 3
Fetters: Chair in the office, 3; Front porch of the office, 3
Willpower: 3
Pathos: 6
Angst: 2
Shadow: The Martyr. If hard-pressed, Deputy Bishop
might actually do something heroic.
Thorn: Doppelganger. Deputy Bishop really wishes he
could be more like the Sheriff. If all else fails, he'll
play the hero as part of a suicide strike against the Ren-
egades. If he does it, he'll destroy himself for the good
of the town.
Shadow Passions: Court danger (Pride) 4, Sacrifice
for the good of others (Pain) 3
Image: Blond, muscular, manly and brave. Well, three
out of four, at least. Bishop's been kicking back for the
last century, so he always looks like he's going to re-
spond to any imminent disaster with the word "So?"
Roleplaying Hints: Nothing fazes you. You've hung
around the Hollywood version of the Old West so long
that you've kind of grown into the part. As long as
your hair's in place and you stand tall and proud, you've
got the situation under control. This hides the fact that
you're really a coward. The solution to any problem is
obvious: Avoid all danger.

Deputy Bishop

Points of View

Each wraith has an opinion on how to handle the
threat to the town. The locals need to be persuaded,
but they can eventually be swayed if the characters are
diligent.

Madame Zarah: Honey, if the Renegades want the
town, they can have it. I don't care who's in charge, as long
as I'malive. Fighting the Renegades ain't my idea of staying
alive.

The Kid: Me? Fight Renegades? I'm just a kid, ma'am!
Ya gotta help us! Now, if you want me ta help you, I can
act as your messenger or something... what ya got on ya?

Reverend Ezekial: This is still the Lord's town, and he
will protect us. Clearly He has brought you here. Clearly
you are our protectors.

Joe Hill: Well, the Sheriff always took care of these
things before. He's got to be Slumbering around here some-
where. I wouldn't worry about it.

Mrs. McCaffey: Nothin' we can do about it. Oblivion's
coming. I'm planning on taking the Midnight Express out
of here.

Deputy Bishop: Don't worry, we can take care of this,
especially if you fine wraiths help out. They wouldn't dare
take over a Hierarchy stronghold like this. We've been safe
here for a century, right? We can take care of it.

46 Wraith: The Oblivion

fter a number of scenes in which the
characters meet the local wraiths,
f| the characters should have a good
idea of their chances for saving the
3} town. Two events will probably in-
fluence how they decide to handle
the situation: their encounter with Pumpkin's Deputy
and a town meeting that night.

Scene One: Meeting the Deputy

If the characters decide not to wake up the Deputy
in Act II, he'll find them after they've had a chance to
explore the town. If they do wake him up, his reaction
will be pretty much the same. The Deputy is overjoyed
to see new wraiths in town and gladly encourages them
to stay a while. Pumpkin's a nice place to stay, after all,
nice and quiet. The Hierarchy's kept the town safe for
a long time. Their Circle can stay here as long as it
wants.

The Deputy also has an offer for them. They might
want to have an edge if it comes down to a fight. Even
if they'd just like to kick back in Pumpkin for a while,
he'll gladly make them honorary deputies. He's got a
few tin stars in his drawer to take out and show the
Circle. Working for the Hierarchy's not that bad. And
there are a few benefits to the job...

The characters will also probably ask about the lo-
cation of the Sheriff. After all, the train will be coming
into town soon. The Deputy hasn't seen him in about
three years. Most of the wraiths have the attitude that
he's "around here somewhere" and that he'll "show up
when he's needed."

In fact, they seem to have taken the benefits of Hi-
erarchy protection for granted. They've just assumed
that when trouble arrived, the Hierarchy would be there
to help them. Obviously, the citizens of the town took
the Sheriff for granted for so long that when he left, no
one noticed. Now they'll have to reexamine their rela-
tionship with the Hierarchy.

Where's the Sheriff?

Oddly enough, no one's seen the Sheriff since the
town became a tourist trap. Everyone describes him in
vague terms. He's about six foot with a lantern jaw and

Artifact: Tin Star

This device was used by Hierarchy sheriffs and
ghout the Old West. Wearing
a wraith one level of armor from a variant of the
Moliate Arcanos. Anyone using a Tin Star
an additional Passion:
4." Anyone pinni

deputies throt gives

gains
"Serve and Protect (Duty)
g on the Star will feel the Pas
The Pathos generated through
this will help fuel another art of Moliation: the
ability to The

dice. Each shot re-

sion immediately.
rm a relic six-shooter. gun will fire
Soulfire, inflicting four dam:

quires one point of Pathos.

a steel-eyed look. No one can remember the color of
his eyes, his hair or even what he sounded like.

qhe Storm

Sooner or later, one of the characters will probably
advocate going to the Hierarchy for help. After all, it's
their job to deal with Renegades, right? They might be
tempted to just walk away and let the town fall into
utter chaos. Who cares if the Renegades get another
stronghold? Who cares if the Code of Charon is vio-
lated?

This problem could present a chance to drive home
part of the theme of the adventure. The wraiths who
reside here have allowed their Necropolis to fall apart
after being dependent on the Hierarchy for so long.
They're resentful, saying that the Hierarchy has failed,
but now it's too late. The characters might see the same
attitudes developing in themselves, possibly including
contempt for the Hierarchy.

Running to someone else won't solve the problem.
The town priest will have a vision, if necessary. He'll
see a storm heading to the town through the Tempest.
Soon, traveling into or out of the town by Argos will
be far more difficult (increase the difficulty for travel-
ing through the Tempest by 3 when the storm hits).

Scene Two: The Town Meeting

Once characters have had a chance to scope out
the town and talk to the citizens and the Deputy, it
should be obvious to everyone that they've at least
caused a bit of concern. Don't allow any of the locals to
volunteer help unless the characters have been spec-

Chapter Two: Six Guns and Soulfire 47


tacularly persuasive. Even if the characters haven't met
the good Reverend, he'll wrap up the third act of the
adventure by ringing the bell in the church like a Hier-
archy gong. This should happen around 10 p.m.

The wraiths in town gather in the church (well,
the gift shop, at least) to allow the characters one big
chance to say their piece. It should begin to dawn on
the citizens, even if the characters don't prompt them,
that the Hierarchy might not be coming to save them.
They're going to have to find their own solution. Sev-
eral options are available to the townspeople.

¢ Leave Town on the Midnight Express

This option should come up recurrently through-
out conversations with the characters. The train offers
them the freedom to go anywhere in the world. Maybe
they've been in Pumpkin too long. Maybe they should
just pack up their troubles and run for it.

Any character who hears this while wearing a Tin
Star should feel a tinge of guilt. If the characters don't
disagree with this argument, the Deputy, who's still wear-
ing his badge, will. Leaving the town to the Renegades
could result in disaster. They'd have the freedom to
Skinride any of the mortals in town, and the safety of
all the wraiths in the Southwest would be threatened.

az

— ué all

a!

Despite this, Edna repeats this argument through-
out the rest of the evening. She loves to go on about
the Midnight Express.

If the Circle chooses this option, they may decide
that the concept of "honor" is a lie, and that the idea of
having a sense of duty to other wraiths is a dangerous
and foolish choice.

© Give the Town to the Renegades

For some of the locals, this is actually a tempting
option. Who says the Renegades won't take care of the
town better than the Hierarchy? They'd certainly be
able to directly change the town. Why is the Hierarchy
better than a gang of Renegades? Maybe if the citizens
of Pumpkin knew how to use a little Puppetry, the Old
West could return to the Skinlands.

The Kid acts naive as he asks questions about "why
the Renegades are so bad." Even the Kid doesn't know
that his Shadow is driving him toward them.

It's possible that the Circle might agree with this
option and decide to take the Renegades' point of view.
They might even think it's more valid than the phi-
losophy of the Hierarchy. If the players decide to go
along this route, the ending to the adventure is a little
different, but still possible.

(2
————
Kd
g

Wraith: The Oblivion

OO


If the Circle chooses this option, they may decide
that although the standard definition of "honor" is
wrong, they still have a duty to help the town find new
allies. Perhaps they feel that the rights of wraiths are
more important than the rights of mortals.

¢ Fight the Renegades

Maybe the townspeople can put up a fight. After
all, they've got skills, don't they? Maybe they'd be
outgunned, but it's noble to die for what you believe in,
isn't it?

Training the townspeople to defend the town would
make for a typical Western ending. If the players have
a taste for the tragic, the Circle might decide to orga-
nize resistance. The townsfolk, though, might find the
next option a bit more acceptable.

If the Circle chooses this option, they're clearly
placing a high value on honor by trying to instill it in
the townspeople, although the actual duty of defend-
ing the town — as well as the price of failure — is left
primarily to the locals.

© Convince the Characters to Fight for Them

This argument will be easier to advance if the char-
acters took the bait and are wearing Tin Stars. Even if
they are, it should be clear that the Renegades don't
care about the tourists, the townspeople or even the
characters. In fact, if the characters run for it and any
townspeople stay behind, they'll gladly tell about the
Circle escaping to warn the Hierarchy, in an effort to
bargain for their lives.

If the Circle chooses this option, they've defined
their group as having high standards of honor and duty
by risking themselves for others and taking responsibil-
ity for the safety of the town.

The characters will also have to define their feel-
ings about the Renegades and the Hierarchy. The local
wraiths feel a bit of resentment toward the Hierarchy.
It's subtle, but it's there. The wraiths blame them for
allowing things in the town to fall apart, but at the same
time, they're bitter that they haven't left someone like
the Sheriff here to defend the town. The Hierarchy's
failed, not them. Certainly not them. There's also a
chance that the characters might side with the Ren-
egades in the end. That won't stop the adventure.
They'll have a chance to see what the Renegades will
do to the town.

If Elizabeth has brought them this far into the ad-
venture, she'll be even more persuasive now. She fer-
vently believes that the Sheriff will return and that he'll

find him. Any character who offers to help Elizabeth
might be eligible for Pathos if he's been motivated to
help her through this adventure.

Act iV: The Uncivilized

adges? We don't need badges...
jm — "Treasure of the Sierra
<A Madre"

| VA Two of the Renegade gunslingers

a \e A) come into town at around 10:30 that
evening. Of course, they have an ob-
ligation to scout out the town for Habenero. The temp-
tation to Skinride some tourists is a little too great for
them.

The two men seek out two mortals to use as Con-
sorts, and over the course of half an hour, they Attenu-
ate themselves to their new mounts. The characters may
witness some tourists acting very strangely...

Scene One: The Assault Begins

Harvesting fear and pain, the two gunslingers ram-
page throughout the hotel. The characters probably
won't find out about this until a fire starts in the hotel.
People run in the streets screaming. A wind comes
sweeping through the desert, threatening to spread the
flames, and the sound of a fire engine is heard in the
distance.

This is an excellent time for Shadowguides to strike.
Any characters who are close to Catharsis will have a
chance to harvest fear, pain, lust or any number of dark
emotions.

This scene is rather straightforward. If the charac-
ters weren't motivated to fight the Renegades before,
they probably will be now. There is, however, the defi-
nite possibility that they might feel caught in the
middle. After all, the rampant disrespect for Pumpkin
in the Skinlands is part of the trouble with the town.
The Renegades' point of view might become evident.
For wraiths, maintaining a sense of balance between
contempt for the intrusion of mortals into their domain
and acknowledging the need they have to keep ties to
the real world can be a difficult task.

The argument against the Renegades should also
be apparent. If the Renegades take over the town, chaos


ae os |

ae

will erupt in the streets. The Fog will kick in, and people
throughout the town will act as though there is a super-
natural disturbance in the town. If investigation were
to result from this, the secrecy of wraiths everywhere
would be compromised.

Once the characters confront the gunslingers, one
of the Renegades issues a challenge:

This town is ours! Sefior Habenero's coming! Get out
of town, or he'll gun you down in the street! High Moon is
coming... High Moon is coming...

The Renegades will not fight to discorporation. They
know they're going to have to save their strength. If they
start to lose the fight, they hide out until midnight.

Any characters trying to leave through the Tem-
pest encounter a raging storm. It's not the Sixth Mael-
strom, but any wraith attempting to travel through it
will take three dice of damage.

The moon is full, and at midnight, it will be directly
overhead. It's High Moon. Storytellers who have any
Western soundtrack CDs (such as Hugo Montenegro's
excellent soundtracks for many of the Clint Eastwood
films) would be advised to start playing them now.

4
Act V: The Guntiht
S
o not forsake me, oh my darling,
That I could never leave my duty
Until I saw Frank Miller dead.

— Theme to "High Noon"
...while the 3:10 to Yuma echoes
that sad refrain.

Take that train...

— Theme from "3:10 to Yuma"

The sound of a train whistle echoes through the
Shadowlands. The Midnight Express is coming. The tour-
ists have fled for safety, and even in the Dark Umbra, wraiths
bar doors and windows. The horses in the stables nearby
panic as they sense an unnatural presence, and moonlight
shines on the Haunt on Main Street. Some of the wraiths in
town might be waiting on the platform for the train, unless
the Circle has done its job.


On

The characters better get a strategy together... fast.
The map of the town will give them some basic ideas of
how to handle the situation. Spreading out a combat
map or setting up miniatures should give Storytellers
with a taste for down-and-dirty combat scenes an edge
in running the finale.

There are several ways to resolve the final act of
this drama. If you're running this game for a regular
group, you may already know which ones to prepare.

¢ Fight to the Bitter End: This is the simple-
minded solution, even if it is a gratifying one. For Sto-
rytellers using a combat map, guidelines for combining
miniatures with the Storyteller combat rules are in-
cluded in Werewolf Second Edition. The fight itself
can be anything from a straight-up "Gunfight at the
O.K. Corral" shoot-em-up to a complex scenario that
pushes the firearms rules to the limit, complete with
obstacles and possible Renegade tricks planned ahead
of time. Wraith isn't primarily a combat game, how-
ever, so other solutions are possible.

¢ The Facedown: A dramatic showdown is another
possibility, especially if the troupe's Shadowguides are
in top form. This can also be used as a prelude to a
fight, if necessary. The Expression Ability is perfect for
making a dramatic speech; adjust the difficulty of the
roll if the spokesperson for the Circle is particularly elo-
quent. If the Circle wants to intimidate the Renegades
out of town, the Shadowguides may be able to lend
enough Angst to make the characters truly frighten-

ing... for a price, of course.

© Solidarity: This is a difficult resolution to achie'
If the Circle can convince most of the wraiths in town
to stand up for their home (instead of leaving on the
Midnight Express), the Renegades might realize that
the battle will be harder than they thought.

¢ Artistry: A show of force or terror might be suf-
ficient. A use of Pandemonium to show that the town
will not die under the reign of the Renegades, or a mani-
festation of Outrage to strike fear into Renegades riding

Consorts are two options.
¢ Exposing Habenero: There's also a chance the
Circle will see Habenero for what he really is...

qhe sheriff

After a while, it seemed like the town of Pumpkin
didn't need him anymore. Maybe they didn't want him

Provisions for ingenious Players: Back on the
Midnight Express

There is the possibility the characters have set
up a way to keep tabs on what's happening on the
train. For instance, if a wraith with the Lifeweb
Arcanos was able to manipulate a Fetter into stay-
ing on the train (not an easy task, especially since
wraiths don't usually "carry" Fetters), it might be
possible to watch what happens there while the
characters are in Pumpkin.

Regardless of whether the characters know, it's
essential that the Storyteller knows. Habenero is,
in fact, on the train by this time, and he has sent
two of his gunslingers ahead to act as scouts. While
the town meeting is taking place, two gunslingers
are travelir mpest. They're worried
about having to deal with Spectres, but Habenero
has made provisions for that

An intell
der why there
The
egade
Dopp
Oblivion.

ent group of players will also won-
were Spectre scouts outside the town.
answer is simple. Habenero isn't really a Ren-
He's just using them. Habenero is a

anger who wants to consign the town to

anymore. Law was something they just took for granted;
it was something that other people enforced. Some-
times, they even resented it. When the town went soft,
ideals of heroism were forgotten.

The Sheriff went into Slumber. The two most useful
items in his life were his guns and his badge. The badge is
worn by the stuntman who portrays him in the town's little
morality play. (He lives in a trailer a few miles from the
town.) The guns, when the Sheriff is Slumbering, still hang,
worn and rusty, in the Sheriff's office.

He knew the time would come when he would be
needed again. That's why he's been converting the Pa-
thos he gains from Memoriam to his Lifeweb Arcanos.
If anyone wears the Sheriff's guns or badge in the middle
of the Haunt, he'll know someone wants him back
again. If anyone wears either item while facing
Habenero, the Sheriff will come to that wraith's aid.
Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Traditionalist
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

51

oulfire

Chapter Two: Six Guns and S

The Sheriff

Ros = 7

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 3

Skills: Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Investi-
gation 2

Knowledges: Law 3

Backgrounds: Status (Hierarchy) 3, Memoriam 4
Passions: Serve and protect (Duty) 5, Fight the Ren-
egades (Pride) 3

Arcanos: Moliate 4, Argos 2, Usury 2, Embody 4,
Lifeweb 3

Fetters: Six-shooter, 4; Badge; 4

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 10

Angst: 3

Shadow: Perfectionist. The Sheriff never really felt like
he was good enough for the job, so he was tempted to
leave for quite some time.

Thorns: Bad Luck

Shadow Passions: Fail in the performance of duties
(Pain) 3, Let the town die (Hate) 3

Image: 6' 4", dark hair, lantern jaw and a stare that can
strike fear into the hearts of the cowardly.
Roleplaying Hints: Larger than life and meaner than
death. He is justice personified.

Alherto Habenero

Habenero always resented people who had things
easy. His life never was. The only time he really felt
safe was when he had a gang backing him up. Unfortu-
nately, that wasn't enough when he took on the town
of Pumpkin.

After he died, he desperately wanted revenge. Cor-
ralling a Gang of desperadoes was easy, but he still wasn't
confident enough in his strength. That's when he was
recruited by the Spectres.

Now he'll use anyone and anything to destroy the
town and be united with Oblivion.

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Rebel

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Firearms 4, Leadership 4, Melee 4, Stealth 2, Sur-
vival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 2, Linguis-
tics (Spanish) 1, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Memoriam 3,
Wealth 1

Passions: Get revenge against the town (Vengeance) 5,
Serve Oblivion (Fear) 4

Arcanos: Argos 5, Embody 3, Inhabit 3, Moliate 3,
Outrage 2

Fetters: Parking lot (where ten bodies are buried), 4;
Winchester rifle, 3

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 9

Angst: 10

Shadow: Director. Habenero has wanted to release him-
self from his own pain for a hundred years. He doesn't
fully realize the destruction he will unleash.

Thorns: Bad Luck

Shadow Passions: Lose to the Sheriff (Pain) 5, Show
mercy (Compassion) 4

Image: Tall, dark and nasty. Habenero has long hair
and a dark beard with silver streaks. His clothes are dirty,
and scorch marks from the Tempest have ripped gouges
in his flesh.

Roleplaying Hints: The town is a thing of the past.
The fact that it still exists is a reminder that your life


hat your life once
meant to you. The Old West is dead. Now the wraiths
of the Old West must die as well.

Unfortunately for Habenero, the storm in the Tem-
pest prevents his army of Spectres from attacking. He's
got a few hired guns to back him up, but they can be
intimidated out of helping him. An eloquent speaker
could even convince them that none of the factions
will benefit from this fight. If Habenero has his way,
the only side that will win is Oblivion.

Castigate can be used to uncover his dark secrets,
and the Coax art can be used to keep him out of spe-
cific locations.

© Betray the Town: What if the characters decide
to help the Renegades? There may be a few Renegade
spies — or sympathizers — hiding in the Circle. That's
fine. The storm in the Tempest stops and Spectres Em-
body in the streets, attacking everything in their path.
Habenero reveals his true nature and kills the Deputy.
There's a chance that the Renegades could solve the
problem better than the Hierarchy. If that's the case,
the town could undergo some really drastic changes.
There's still a confrontation, but it's got to be with the
servants of Oblivion.

© Draw! Of course, Habenero and the Sheriff never
really did have that showdown. If your troupe is used to
playing a low-combat game and would like to give this
solution a try, have one of the players play the Sheriff

Albert Gabenero

for the purposes of the gunfight. A simple Dexterity +
Firearms roll determines who fires first. It's more dra-
matic, however, if one of the characters in the Circle
tries to face Habenero in "single combat." If anyone
does this while wearing a Tin Star, adjust his Pathos
roll for the scene to a difficulty of 4.

As the Midnight Express waits at the station, the
fate of the town is decided. Some of the citizens of
Pumpkin might be waiting at the station to discover
the outcome. Meanwhile, panic erupts in the Skinlands
as a result of the disturbance. How you resolve the situ-
ation and which scene you use to do it is up to you and
your players.

Scene Two: Denouement

Anyone mortal who was present that night in
Pumpkin, Arizona is probably going to have a wild story
to tell. The Fog will take effect, and many travelers will
forget what really happened. The rest of the story will
no doubt become another folk legend.

That could mean one of two things: The financiers
might try to play up the whole "ghost town" angle and
harass the local wraiths, or they might be convinced to
not do business in such a dangerous place. The wraiths
have a chance to fight for their town. What kind of
place do they want it to be? Do the characters want to
play a part in it?

The Midnight Express leaves the station after the
confrontation is over. If the characters were en route to
another destination, they'll have a chance to get back
on board. As long as they followed through with their
plans, the citizens of Pumpkin are staying.

Of course, there might also be the need to escort
some Renegades to justice. The Hierarchy would pay
dearly for such notable criminals. If the Sheriff is
present, he'll gladly give them their reward for helping
capture them. He can lock the Renegades up in the jail
and give the Circle the oboli contained in his safe. If
the characters are planning on boarding the train, they'll
have to turn in their Tin Stars before they go. Despite
that, they're welcome to come back and wear them
again. This could become more than just a stop on their
train ride.

And there's always the possibility of coming back.
Making the trip back to Pumpkin, Arizona is quite easy.
All it takes is a ride on the Midnight Express.

Chat

pter Two: Six Guns and Soulfire 53



A little rebellion now and then is a good thing.
— Thomas Jefferson

he Renegades are constantly work-
ing to overthrow the Hierarchy,
which becomes more and more au-
{| thoritarian with each passing day.
‘ | Though the Renegades are fractious,
and tend to war on each other nearly
as much as they do the Hierarchy, they all stand on
common ground. Sometimes, if the need is urgent
enough, the different factions may work together, and
it is these moments that the Hierarchy fears the most.

Thus, when several Renegade groups cooperate
together to bring down a Hierarchy Citadel, the Hi-
erarchy will bring everything it can to bear down
upon these anarchists. Yet, the Hierarchy has more
enemies than just the Renegades, and those who fight
against them may find themselves allied with the
most unlikely individuals.

This story is divided into three scenes, and is de-
signed to be run in just one session, though the Sto-
ryteller could easily embellish the story, stretching it
out over several sessions. It is meant to be played by
two or more wraiths who have, at the very least, some

Renegade contacts, though it is preferable if the char-
acters actively support the Renegades. About the only
characters who would not be appropriate are those
who are staunchly Hierarchy. The story can begin in
any East Coast city, though it is possible to modify it
to take place anywhere the Storyteller's chronicle is
set.

The story begins when the characters are con-
tacted by someone they know who is affiliated with
the Renegades. He asks them to perform an urgent
task for them, one which is vitally important. Hope-
fully, the characters accept the task, at which point
they find themselves involved in a double-cross on
the Midnight Express, which quickly leads into a hunt
and chase all throughout the train, with the charac-
ters first as the hunters and then as the hunted. This
story allows the characters to interact with many of
the personalities on board the train as well as giving
them a brief introduction to many of its cars, and
offers much leeway for the Storyteller to create her
own cars.

The theme of this story is a very basic us vs. them,
though not necessarily good vs. evil. Each character
may have his own perspective on the Hierarchy. If
the characters are actually sympathetic to the Hier-
archy, they may even choose to return the stolen
objects, if they discover what they are.

Mood

The first part of Midnight Run may require the
characters to do a lot of investigation as they hunt
down the impostor. This will rapidly change to pur-
suit and action as the characters finally discover the
impostor and become the hunted. The characters will
have to remain one step ahead of the Hierarchy, who
are in pursuit of them, if they want to succeed in
their mission. Phillips' death should also play a part
in the story, imparting a sense of danger and urgency
to the characters.

; = cene One: The characters are con-
Ng tacted by a Renegade source of

4| theirs who begs them to perform an
urgent mission for her. They are to
| board the Midnight Express when
it arrives in one hour, and give a
small valise to a man named
Phillips. They are then supposed to simply get off at
the next stop, or ride the train back to their point of
origin, whichever they decide. They arrive at the
train just in time, and discover a large Hierarchy pres-
ence. However, after dodging the Hierarchy goons,
they easily find Phillips and hand the case off to him
without a hitch.

Scene Two: Just as the characters are beginning
to relax a bit, they learn that they have been de-
ceived. The real Phillips had been waylaid en route,
and they have given the case to the wrong Phillips.
Apparently, whoever took his place used Moliate to
copy Phillips' appearance and dupe the characters.
However, the characters suspect that the culprit is
still on board the train, since the case was given to
him after the train started up again. This leaves the

56 Wraith: The Oblivion

characters with less than 40 minutes to search the
train, locate the impostor and retrieve the case, be-
fore the next stop. Presumably, the characters will
manage to recover the case from the impostor, but
during an altercation with the impostor, the real
Phillips is killed, leaving it up to the characters to
get the valise safely to its destination.

Scene Three: The characters have the valise, but
Philips is dead, leaving the characters to deliver the
valise, along with the information Phillips imparted
to them, to his contacts in San Francisco. Unfortu-
nately for them, the Hierarchy has gotten wind of
some aspects of the Renegades' plans, and intends to
stop the delivery from ever taking place. The char-
acters will have to spend the rest of the train ride
hiding from Hierarchy agents who are searching for
the valise. The characters are quite likely to find al-
lies in the most unexpected places as they dodge the
Hierarchy agents. In the final stages of the story, the
characters are discovered by the Hierarchy, no mat-
ter how well they are hidden, and are forced into a
wild chase throughout the train, culminating in the
train's arrival in San Francisco.

The Renegades are constantly divided as to how
they should attack the Hierarchy, which is one of
the main reasons they have been mostly ineffective
to date. Several factions led by a group in San Fran-
cisco have been making plans for some time to make
a concerted attack on the Hierarchy in that city.
Their plan revolves around taking a Citadel in that
city, giving them a stronghold from which to launch
their attack. Their hope is that if they can remove
one city from Hierarchy control, others will follow
suit.

Their plan for this is threefold. Part one involved
acquiring enough relic weapons to make an assault
feasible. This part turned out to be the easiest of all,
for once word was spread through the underground,
armed wraiths began to sprout out of the woodwork.
The second and third parts would prove to be the
most difficult. These would require the use of a few
of the Renegades' deepest plants within the Hierar-
chy. Mr. Phillips was involved with the first part of
this section of the plan. Through his position within
the Hierarchy, he had access to many of the
Hierarchy's archives and could procure plans and
defenses for the Citadel in San Francisco. An agent
in the characters' Necropolis was to secure an arti-
fact that the Renegades considered to be a vital part

z ea TRU ANS Onsen wR a
of their plan, the Skeleton Key (not to be confused
with the Skeleton's Key in the Appendix of Wraith:
the Oblivion). This ancient object is said to be ca-
pable of opening any lock made, permitting access
to the Citadel from any entry point they desired. This
agent was to meet Phillips on the train, and they
would then journey to San Francisco together. Un-
fortunately, things went awry and the mole who pro-
cured the key was identified, although not caught.
The fact that he had been identified by the Hierar-
chy made it impossible for him to board the train
without being caught. Thinking fast, the Renegade
cell leader decides to send the key with a hired group
of wraiths; the players' characters immediately come
to mind as either a group he can trust, or possibly as
a last resort.

Even though some aspects of the plan have fallen
through, he still feels that it could be possible to take
the Citadel. The Renegades are already prepared for
an assault, and it will only take a few hours for the
information and the key to get there via the Mid-
night Express. Certainly it will take the Hierarchy
at least a little time to determine exactly what has
been stolen and hopefully, by that time, the Citadel
will be under Renegade control.

Fortunately for the Renegades, the Hierarchy has
become somewhat overconfident in the loyalty of its
members and was not really prepared for such an in-
side job. Indeed, it will take at least several days for
them to figure out exactly what has been stolen.
Phillips' deception and theft have so far gone undis-
covered, though once they do find out, his days as an
informant within the Hierarchy are pretty much over.
Once the key is discovered missing, heads will roll
in Stygia.

What neither side has recognized is that others
have had interest in this key for some time and were
quite aware when it was stolen. A Doppelganger
known as Lament had been spying on this group of
Renegades for some time. When he learned that they
were planning to steal the Skeleton Key, he knew
that he would be duly rewarded by his Malfean mas-
ter if he obtained such a prize. He managed to learn
their entire plan by killing and duplicating one of
the group's regular members. Being a coward at heart,
he did not wish to face both Renegades and so
planned to take one at a time. He made sure to board
the Midnight Express at the way station, to waylay
Phillips before he met up with the other agent. He


accomplished this with ease, though he did not kill
Phillips, but rather locked him in Stygian Chains and
placed him in his room for safekeeping. He is intend-
ing to turn him in as an additional prize. He then
duplicated Phillips, and once he has gained the other
agent's trust, intends to kill him and take the key.
After departing the train at the next stop, he plans
to take his great prize to his Malfean master and re-
ceive his reward. When the characters arrive on the
train and simply hand the valise containing the key
over to him, he will be pleasantly surprised.

After receiving the case, he will make his way
back to his room, where he will discover that Phillips

has escaped. Knowing that he will be in trouble once
Phillips finds the characters, he immediately begins
searching the train for a place to hide.

Having escaped from his chains, Phillips will im-
mediately begin to search for his contact. He will

eh

not recognize the characters, so they will be forced
to contact him. Once he learns of the situation, he

will insist that the characters aid him in locating the
impostor, and so the merry hunt will begin. Things
will rapidly become more and more complicated as
members of the Hierarchy get wind of what is going
on. Things could get quite tense for the players and
they will be forced to think on their feet, lest they
fall prey to the Hierarchy, or worse.

Scene One: Into the Night

| e're running with the shadows of the
I night
hy So baby take my hand, we'll be all right
K "|| Surrender all your dreams to me tonight,
Iha\ 5 They'll come true in the end

— Pat Benatar, "Shadows of

lb
ih
f
t

|

the Night"

The characters are contacted by an acquaintance
while in some likely location, such as their haunt or
a public gathering place for wraiths. The exact na-
ture of this acquaintance will depend upon the dis-
position of the characters. If they are active in sup-
porting the Renegades, then they will know her to
be a Renegade who is nearly fanatical in her cause. If
they are of the Hierarchy, then she will be known to
be loyal to the Hierarchy, although this will turn out
to be a carefully maintained cover. Finally, if the char-

Wraith: The Oblivion


acters are Freelancers or just independents, then she
will just be a trusted ally. Regardless, she should be
someone that at least one of the characters knows
and trusts. She approaches the characters and, with
a great sense of urgency, asks them to perform a small
task for her, a task for which she is willing to pay
quite handsomely. Her opening offer is five oboli
each, though she can go as high as ten oboli, or
equivalent relics. Once the characters have accepted,
or at least seem willing to listen, she imparts the fol-
lowing.

"The task," she says, "is simply to deliver a small
valise to an individual you will meet on the Mid-
night Express. The individual's name is Phillips. He
isa man of medium build, with dark but slightly gray-
ing hair. You will be able to recognize him by the
ruby ring he wears on his right hand. He will be wait-
ing to meet someone in the dining car of the Orient
Express; if possible, he will be seated at the third table
to the left as you enter the car from the lounge car.
He will be expecting someone else, so if he asks, tell
him that Falcon sent you."

With that, she hands the valise to one of the char-
acters and wishes them luck. She also tells them that
they have under an hour to catch the train. If the
characters are unaware of the local stop of the Mid-
night Express, she will make sure to give them direc-
. She may give further information to the char-
acters if they are known to be sympathetic to the
Renegades.

At the Train

The characters should have little difficulty mak-
ing it to the train stop in time, despite the time limit.
However, the Storyteller may wish to arrange some
obstacle in order to create a bit of tension and to set
the pace for things to come. Once the characters ar-
tive within a few blocks of the train station, they
discover that the Hierarchy presence is slightly larger
than usual. Those characters with Hierarchy status
are able to approach the train unmolested; others may
have to dodge Hierarchy Enforcers in an attempt to
get to the train. Circles that do not have at least one
member with sufficient status may have to create
some sort of diversion in order to get the valise to
the station. Once they arrive at the station, the En-
forcers do not interfere with the characters, allow-
ing them to board the train unobstructed.

most probably proceed directly to the Orient Express
cars. There, they find their contact sitting exactly
where they were told he would be. After securing
Phillips in the Stygian manacles, Lament learned
where he was supposed to meet his contact. He ar-
rived there just before midnight to await the meet-
ing with the contact. He has mimicked Phillips' ap-
pearance down to the detail, including his ruby ring,
which Lament conveniently stole from Phillips.

Going by the Renegades' original plan, Lament
is expecting a different individual, so he does not
recognize the characters. This does not cause any dis-
crepancies with what the characters are expecting,
however, since the real Phillips would not be expect-
ing them either. He does not recognize the name
Falcon, but does his best to go along with whatever
the characters say. Once they have handed the va-
lise over to him, he doesn't stick around, but excuses
himself to return to his room.

Scerie [Wo:
Out of the Frying Pan

fter the characters successfully make
the exchange, they will most likely
sit back and relax, planning to en-
joy their unexpected trip. They may
$| even decide to sample some of the
wonderful meals available in the res-
taurant car of the Orient Express or
relax in the lounge with a drink. The Storyteller
should definitely make the characters aware of the
luxuries available to them on the restaurant and
lounge cars, especially with their newfound wealth.

As the characters are being duped by the
Doppelganger, Lament, Phillips manages to free him-
self from the shackles he has been imprisoned in.
After recovering his attaché case, which contains the
layout of the Hierarchy Citadel, he immediately
heads for the restaurant car in the hopes of locating
his contact. Lament sees Phillips in the corridor as
he heads back toward the room, and, realizing that
he is discovered, hastens to find a hiding place on
the train. Immediately changing form, he doubles

Chapter Three: Midnight Run 59

back past where the characters are, heading for the
front of the train.

Just as the characters are beginning to relax and
enjoy themselves, the real Phillips comes into the
car, looking around frantically for his contact. This
should be enough to pique the characters' interest.
If the characters approach him, he is distrustful at
first, but will change his attitude once they mention
Falcon. He explains how he was attacked by an un-
known wraith while he was in his room. The wraith
then bound him in Stygian chains and left him in
the room. He suspects this wraith to be a
Doppelganger, because if he was one of the Hierar-

chy, he certainly would have identified himself as
such. He explains that he managed to escape from
the manacles and rushed out here as soon as he could.
Phillips then tries to impress upon the characters the
urgency of regaining the valise.

A problem could arise here if the characters do
not approach this new Phillips. The Storyteller
should give them ample opportunity to do so, and
make it clear that something is certainly amiss. If
need be, have the characters overhear him use the
word "Falcon" with another of the passengers. The

passenger does not seem to have any reaction, and
Philips will look even more desperate. Hopefully, this
will provide enough incentive for the characters to
approach him.

Once the characters are convinced that they need
to search for the valise, they may go about it in any
fashion they desire. Questioning passengers in the
lounge car near the sleeper car proves fruitless, but
attracts the attention of the Hierarchy, who continue
to monitor the characters. Most likely the suspicious
behavior of Phillips or the characters will already
have attracted their attention, however.

If the Storyteller is feeling particularly benevo-
lent, she may allow the players to make Perception
rolls for their characters against a difficulty of 8. If
one of them is successful, they may remember a man
carrying a similar valise passing back toward the front
of train, soon after the false Phillips left.

If the bartender in the salon car is asked, he re-
members someone with a valise matching this de-
scription passing through, though the man did not
match Phillips' description. He seems to recall him
heading toward the front of the train. If all else fails,
the characters may rely on Arcanos to give them a
clue, or Phillips can speak with the bartender.


The characters' exploration of the forward cars
gives the Storyteller the opportunity to introduce the
players to some of the odd cars that make up the
Midnight Express. Use the ones presented here or
make up your own. The characters have to be subtle
while conducting their search. If they start knock-
ing down doors, they will quickly attract the atten-
tion of the Hierarchy members who are on board,
not to mention the train security. Phillips will cau-
tion them to be more subtle if it proves necessary.

Eventually, through whatever means, the char-
acters find Lament, hiding in an empty freight car
near the front of the train. His first instinct is to flee
with the valise when he is discovered. He will only
fight if cornered, but then he will fight desperately.
This scene is important because it sets the tone of
desperation and urgency for the final scene. During
the fight with Lament, Phillips should be killed. Be-
fore the characters find Lament, Phillips should tell
one of the characters about the importance of the
attaché case he is carrying, and request that the char-
acter ensure that both the case and the valise get to
the Renegades in San Francisco. Even though La-
ment is a coward, he is still a dangerous foe, and not
to be trifled with. The best way to convey this is to
have Phillips lead the attack on him, and be struck
down by his initial attack. This may drain Lament
significantly, making him easier prey for the charac-
ters. You should, however, allow a degree of flexibil-
ity in this. If the characters are particularly ingenious
or even just plain lucky, they may manage to take
down Lament without losing Phillips.

The scene ends, hopefully, with Lament dead, and
the characters in possession of the valise. Phillips is
probably dead as well, and the characters have his
attaché case. If they do not remember it, the Story-
teller should mention its presence. The attaché case,
unlike the valise, is unlocked, the lock having been
damaged during all of the excitement. As the char-
acters begin to gather their wits about them, the Hi-
erarchy shows up, demanding both the briefcase and
the valise. There is one Centurion for each one of
the characters, plus the Marshal who leads them.
Each of the Centurions is armed and carries manacles;
the Storyteller should make them an imposing pres-
ence which the characters fear.

The characters' poking around the train has
aroused some curiosity among those of the Hierar-
chy who are on board. Some of them immediately

begin to tail the characters, trying to find out what
they are up too. When one of the Hierarchy recog-
nizes Phillips, it doesn't take long for them to tell
that something is afoot. After witnessing the battle
between the characters and Lament, they feel that it
is time to step in and find out exactly what is going
on. At this time, the Hierarchy do not know what is
in the attaché case and the valise, but they damn
sure want to find out.

Scene Tv: into the Fire

uring this final scene of the story,
the characters flee from the Hierar-
chy, trying to stay one step ahead of
them until the train reaches San
Francisco. At the end of the last
scene, the characters were con-
fronted by a group of Hierarchy, demanding that the
characters turn over the valise and case. Their most
likely course of action is to either run or fight, though
they may attempt to talk their way out of the situa-
tion. Talking will do little more than buy the char-
acters a bit of time. The Marshal intends to see what
is in the case and valise and will accept no other al-
ternative.

The remainder of the scene should involve the
characters fleeing from the Hierarchy. How they go
about this is entirely up to the characters, but should
involve a wild chase throughout the train, and pos-
sibly even outside. Once outside, the characters are
at the mercy of the Tempest. They may be able to
acquire some assistance from various people aboard
the train. Bubbles has no great love of the Hierar-
chy, and Pierre, the bartender, is sympathetic to the
Renegades' cause. Though he will take no direct ac-
tion against the Hierarchy, he will assist the charac-
ters in any way he can, suggesting places to hide and
the like. The characters may think of going directly
to the train guard for assistance, but they are carry-
ing stolen Hierarchy property, and when the Hierar-
chy confronts them, they will be forced to turn it
over, thus causing the characters' mission to fail.

Assuming the characters arrive in San Francisco
with the case and valise, they are escorted off the

ight Run


train with enough Renegade force to make even the
Hierarchy think twice about attacking. Though if the
Storyteller and the players enjoy such things, a mas-
sive combat could be run at this point, with the Ren-
egades' goals being simply to get the case and valise
away from the train. By no means will they stick
around for a protracted fight.

What Next?

The Storyteller and the players have several op-
tions at this point. The case and valise can simply be
turned over to the Renegades, allowing the charac-
ters to go on their merry way, or they could become
involved in the take over of the Hierarchy Citadel.
Obviously they cannot stick around forever, as they
probably have no Fetters here, but some characters
may wish to see things through to the end. Ulti-

mately, the success or failure of the assault is the de-
cision of the Storyteller, based on how she wishes
her chronicle to progress.

Regardless of what the characters do after deliv-
ering the case and valise, they are marked by the Hi-
erarchy as Renegades, having obviously thrown in
their lot with them. On the brighter side, they will

‘ase

be well-respected by many Renegades and should
certainly gain a point of Status among them.

If the characters failed in the delivery, the ad-
venture could have many different outcomes. Nicho-
las will not permit the Hierarchy to remove a
manacled individual from the train, but it is ex-
tremely possible that one or more members of the
Circle are captured. In which case the next story
could revolve around the attempted rescue of that
individual. Whatever the outcome, the characters'

<istence will almost certainly be affected by the ex-

perience.

Cast of Characters
Henry Philips

= hillips served in the British Secret
| Service during the Cold War, and
was one of the best spies alive. He
{| was killed in the line of duty while
trying to escape from East Germany
4) with classified Soviet military docu-


ments. He was one of the few Lemures with the
strength of will to make his own way in the afterlife,
and was fortunate to have been overlooked by the
Reapers.

He joined the Renegades after witnessing first-
hand some of the atrocities committed by the Hier-
archy. However, he quickly discovered that he had
no taste for life on the run and secretly coveted some
of the luxuries available to the higher-ups in the
Hierarchy. So it was his idea to go undercover within
the Hierarchy in an attempt to learn their secrets
and assist the Renegades, while at the same time hav-
ing a much more desirable existence. His talents as a
spy allowed him to move up in rank rather quickly,
and he soon found himself with access to many se-
cret documents in Stygia. He had nearly been for-
gotten by the Renegades until they conceived of tak-
ing the Citadel, at which point his name came up as
an excellent source to gain information on the Cita-
del.
shad
become deeply entrenched within the Hierarchy, and
had actually become quite content; after a time one
grows deaf to the screaming souls. Still, Phillips i:
man of honor and would never abandon his compa-
triots in their hour of need. He acquired the requested
documents and boarded the train at the appropriate

By the time the call to service came, Philli

a

time, expecting to only have to make minor excuses
for where he had gone for a day. Little did he know
that this simple milk run would turn into much more.
Nature: Avante-Garde

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Physical
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletic 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee 2,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation 2, Law 3, Lin-

Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

guistics 2

Backgrounds: Status (Hierarchy 5, Renegades 5),
Wealth 3

Passions: Maintain an easy lifestyle (Greed) 3, Un-
dermine the Hierarchy (Hate) 4, Prove he's still a
good agent (Pride) 2

Arcanos: Argos 3, Fatalism 4, Moliate 1

Fetters: None

7 Three: Midnight Run _


Willpower: 10

Pathos: 8

Angst: 5

Shadow: The Perfectionist

Thorns: Bad Luck

Shadow Passions: Undermine the Renegades (Hate) 3,
Expose Phillips as a spy (Jealousy) 5

Image: A man of medium height and weight and of
average appearance. His hair is dark brown, just be-
ginning to gray. He still wears his wire-rimmed spec-
tacles, a relic, and a ruby ring on his right hand.

Roleplaying Notes: Always speak with a distin-
guished British accent. You always pretend to know
anything someone has just told you; never admit that
you were unaware of any fact.

Lament

Lament remembers very little about his past, only
shattered images of a tortured and painful existence.
What he remembers of his life comes to him in brief
flashes: an unhappy marriage, struggling to survive
in a poor neighborhood, children screaming, a gun-
shot. Though he still retains Fetters in the
Shadowlands, he rarely visits them anymore.

Almost immediately upon his death, Lament (his
real name was Lamont) was snatched up by a Hierar-

Wraith: The Oblivion

———

chy reaper. If not for the Maelstrom which the Reaper
encountered upon returning to his Citadel, Lament
would have become a Thrall for some powerful Hier-
archy lord. During the Maelstrom, he managed to
escape his captor, but in the process was consumed
by his own Shadow. Lament was no match for his
newly released Shadow and it utterly consumed him.
It was his own Shadow who led him to the Malfean,
Glutterog, who would become his master.

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Conniver

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Occult 4, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Mentor (Glutterog) 5, Wealth 2
Passions: Destroy the Hierarchy (Hate) 4, Serve
Glutterog (Love) 4

Arcanos: Argos 3, Inhabit 3, Moliate 4

Fetters: The street where he died, 3; The gun that
killed him, 2

Willpower: 5

Pathos: 9


Shadow: The Abuser
Thorns: Spectre Prestige, Dark Allies

Shade Powers: Shark's Teeth

Image: Through his use of Moliate, Lament has cop-
ied Philips' appearance. If killed, he will revert back
to his natural form: that of a balding, slightly over-
weight man in his late 30s.

Roleplaying Notes: You are so very good at what you
do. Phillips is a fool, and this mission is just what
you need to demonstrate to Glutterog what an ex-
cellent servant you have become. Nothing can go
wrong on this mission, or he will be very cross...

Skeleton Key (Level 4)

This large, odd-looking key is made of Stygian
metal. It has a glossy, black appearance and feels oily
to the touch, as if it would slip from your fingers.
Any lock may be opened with this key, though it
makes a high-pitched wail each time it is used. It is
rumored that the key was originally made for Charon
by his High Artificer Nhudri so that no doors could
block him and he could have access to any place
within his realm.

Since Charon's disappearance, the key has turned
up in many different hands. In fact, the key will never
remain with any individual for a long period of time.
It is for this reason that the Hierarchy had kept it
locked away for so long, but even that did not stop
the key from escaping. No one knows how or why
this enchantment came to be on the key, though some
feel that the key itself has sentience and has its own
plans and desires. Regardless, the key will never stay
in any one individual's possession for more than a
few days; even if it is locked away, it will eventually
find a way to escape.



Next Stop: Oblivion

Runaway train, never coming back

Wrong way down a one way track
— Sonic Youth, "Runaway Train"
Special thanks to Chris McGowan for
unforecasted brainstorming.

ext Stop: Oblivion is suitable for a
Circle of any size and level of compe-

antagonists, they prefer tempting a
wraith's Shadow over confrontation.
Conflict will emphasize Wraith
against Nature (the Tempest) and
Wraith against the Shadow. It should also be noted that
characters will find little application for the Arcanos
of Inhabit, Puppetry, and Embody within the Tempest,
the prominent setting.

This story assumes that the Circle boards the Mid-
night Express in the Eastern time zone of North
America, although it is possible to begin from nearly
any city. If you choose to begin the story in another
time zone, make the appropriate adjustments in the
timetable throughout the story. This story may be used

anytime the wraiths decide to travel aboard the Mid-
night Express.

Theme

This story's theme explores the link between knowl-
edge and power. Often, a lack of information leads to
error. An example of this is when passengers board the
Malfean train, mistaking it for the Midnight Express.
In the past, Xenophon misjudged the Hierarchy reac-
tion to his defiance, and it cost him everything. In both
cases, better insight would have averted doom.

By the same token, ignorance can lead to impo-
tence. Unless the wraiths learn the secrets of the train,
they have very little chance of escaping. The first step
is to learn what they're up against, where they're headed.
Only then will they be able to cast off their incapaci-

Chapter Four: Next Stop: Oblivion


tating fear of the unknown. In this case, what you don't
know can hurt you.

Yet when referring to the powers of Oblivion, what
you do know can hurt you, as well. How many wraiths
have been corrupted by "truths" learned while within
the Tempest? How many have been driven to madness?
To the Shadow? To Oblivion? The characters may join
the count if they are taken in by Xenophon's promises
of knowledge. On a more mundane level, everyone
knows that the blunt truth can be more painful than a
merciful lie.

The issue is a complicated one, best summarized by
a mixed maxim: "Though knowledge is power, remem-
ber that one also learns from mistakes."

Mood

This story should evoke gut-wrenching and mind-
numbing panic. The wraiths are trapped aboard a mov-
ing train together with Spectres, speeding toward an
unknown destination. Those who have decided they
don't want to ride the latest roller coaster only after
being strapped in know the feeling. Now imagine that
a few lengths of track are missing...

Background

| hortly after the advent of railroads, an

train was among the first, it was
quickly overshadowed by the Midnight Express. Like
most, Xenophon thought few wraiths would be inter-
ested in a train where they would no doubt be preached
at non-stop by Ferrymen. Much to his surprise, within
a few years the Midnight Express had become the pri-
mary means used by the Restless to traverse great dis-
tances. Partly because everyone knew that a train main-
tained by Ferrymen would be safe, and partly because
word soon spread that the Midnight Express was a popu-
lar meeting place for wraiths of different allegiances,
other trains saw less and less use in the Shadowlands.
While a few continue to run to this day, the Midnight
Express has become synonymous with quick, courteous
service and trouble-free passage through the Tempest.

68


Xenophon was enraged as he saw fewer and fewer
passengers using his train, choosing instead to ride the
Midnight Express. He blamed the Hierarchy, the only
force that potentially could have stopped the forma-
tion of the Ferrymen's train. And more than anything,
he hated the Midnight Express with a consuming pas-
sion that surpassed all other things in his life.

Stubborn to the last, Xenophon remained in his
Terminal, now deserted and silent but for the Tempest
lapping against its perimeter and mad howls of en-
croaching Spectres. Eventually, these influences and his
own rage and despair drove Xenophon completely over
to his Shadow's madness, and Xenophon became a Spec-
tre.

Xenophon's story might have ended here. Yet ev-
ery so often, a lone railroad car would roll into his de-
serted Terminal, or his Spectre thug cronies would re-
cover one from the Tempest. Many of these bore the
"winged clock" logo of the Midnight Express. At the
memory of his loss, Xenophon would become enraged.
He hated the Hierarchy for ruining him, and hated the
Midnight Express for its special status. His anger could
be offset by an occasional chance to "rescue" stranded
souls from these solitary cars. After many years of care-
ful planning and preparation, Xenophon is ready to a)
defy the Hierarchy by getting his railroad up and run-
ning again, b) avenge himself on the Midnight Express
by literally stealing its customers, and c) harvest new
souls to feed Oblivion.

Alas, the evening he has chosen to launch his false
Midnight Express happens to be the night the charac-
ters have chosen to board...

Scene One:
Wrong Side ofthe Tracks

ocal wraiths know that the Midnight
Express stops in the heart of the
Necropolis, on an unassuming branch
of track in a run-down switching yard.
Mortal trains occasionally chug
through the yard to on- or off-load
empty cars, but for some reason never
use this one particular track. The cross-ties are blasted

stain the gravel foundation.

As the wraiths pick their way across the switching
yard toward the departure point, a light rain begins to
fall. On this side of the Shroud, the droplets appear as a
gray mist.

Shortly before midnight, a ghost-train barrels into
the informal "station" without so much as a scream from
the whistle. With a squeal of brakes and spray of sparks,
the train comes to a complete stop at precisely 11:56
p-m. Those familiar with the Midnight Express' sched-
ule may think this decidedly odd. However, don't draw
attention to the time unless someone specifically con-
sults a relic-watch.

Regular passengers may note other inconsistencies.
This locomotive pulls only a few cars compared to the
Midnight Express' infinite stretch. Scene Two describes
the make-up and order of the cars. A Pardoner who
uses Soulsight on the train will feel a wave of chill dark-
ness wash over her corpus and temporarily drown her
senses. Otherwise, the train is not notably sinister, con-
sidering the Shadowland's pervasive bleakness. Other
passengers board without comment.

Seconds later, an argument is heard from the far
side of the tracks. Add expletives as desired. On the
other side of the train, the wraiths see a gang in a stand-
off. One punk faces the others, alternating between
being the stunned target of angry protest and a blade-
wielding aggressor. As a Puppeteer may realize, the guy
is possessed. A Doppelganger from the train chose to
slip into the mortal while he passed though the caboose.
Though Xenophon ordered his cronies to keep hidden,
Oblivion erodes even a Malfean's plans. This
Doppelganger is manipulating its host into offering
taunts, threats, and crude suggestions to his fellows in
an attempt to instigate havoc.

Besides curiosity and the fact that they are witness-
ing a flagrant violation of the Code of Charon (if they
realize they are witnessing a Skinriding), the wraiths
have no obligation to interfere. The Doppelganger uses
its Arcanos randomly to cause as much pain, destruc-
tion, and chaos as possible before the train pulls out.
Besides amusing itself, the Doppelganger feeds on these
violent Passions. Any successful attack on the mortal
dislodges a shadowy stow away. Depending on whim,
the Doppelganger fights or flees. Since the characters
are likely between it and the train, it flees deep into
the Necropolis (perhaps to haunt a later story). This is


optimal, anyway, since it implies but does not identify
the train as the Doppelganger's place of origin.

To preserve mystery or keep things moving, the Sto-
ryteller can interrupt with a disembodied call for "All
aboard!" As the last of the passengers hop on board,
the wraiths may (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 5)
hear a distant whistle from the east. As if prompted,
the car doors slam shut and the train begins to acceler-
ate.

qhe Real Midnight Express

If the wraiths miss the train, the story is not neces-
sarily over. The real Midnight Express pulls in a minute
later, right on time. Stillwell disembarks and demands
to know if another train has passed through. He ex-
plains that another train has "kidnapped" passengers
from stops in Europe. He offers the Circle a deal: His
"employer" will pay them handsomely to help investi-
gate this matter. The plan is for them to track the other
train from aboard the Midnight Express (just as Nicho-
las has been doing thus far). Assuming they agree to
the deal, have Harbingers attempt to Track (difficulty
8) every hour or so. Successful attempts will confirm
that the train traveled west along the Midnight Express'
usual route. Yet an hour west of San Francisco, the trail
veers off on a branch track deep into the Tempest. At
this point, the Midnight Express stops to allow depar-
ture. Stillwell reminds the wraiths that their job is to
follow the tracks and scout, then return to San Fran-
cisco to get help from the local Doomslayers. Follow-
ing the tracks though the Tempest from here to the
Terminal of Tortured Souls takes a base six hours and
an Orienteering roll.

The Storyteller might like to improvise an encoun-
ter or two — anything from rough weather to a Drone
-infested ruin. Aim to frighten rather than to cause ex-
ive injury; there's plenty of danger at their destina-

ce:

tion (Scene Four).

Should the wraiths turn down Stillwell's offer, they
still have plenty of opportunity to get involved as res-
cue parties are organized by various factions. Rewards
and bounties are posted. Those with high Status may
find themselves leading a Cohort of Legionnaires, gang
of Renegades, or Circle of Heretics. The trail will be
considerably colder, but persistence may prevail.

70 Wraith: The Oblivion
=

CE nn. a


scene TW
Catching Midnight

his scene is set exclusively aboard the
Midnight Express. While attempting
to enjoy the trip, the wraiths uncover
i signs that something is not quite right.

Ses Bh Eventually, they learn that they are
trapped aboard a Spectre train with
an unknown destination. In order to broaden the scope
of this scene, setting and events are outlined separately
below. Descriptions of the supporting cast are located
at the story's end. How these three elements intersect
depends entirely on the characters' action.

The Cars: Dark Passions

Due to the corrupting influence of Xenophon's train
yard in the Tempest, each car is dominated by a single
Dark Passion. If there are Drones in the car, they per-
sonify this Passion. For instance, the first-class sleeper
was destroyed by a terrorist bomb, and is thus infused
with Hatred. As Fate would have it, each car tends to
attract Shadows of a sympathetic mindset. If applicable,
each hour aboard an appropriate car allows a character's
Shadow to roll its applicable Shadow Passion ratings in
order to gain Angst. For instance, the sleeper car would
attract Shadows consumed by Hatred. Passengers soon
find themselves inclined to submit to the car's perva-
sive mood.

A car's dominant Passion is visible to a Pardoner's
use of Dark Secrets or may be inferred from an Oracles'
Interpretation. When the wraiths first board, everything
seems fine, but this is merely a facade. Very soon, the
car's Dark Passion begins to show itself and corrupt the
passengers.

While we refer to cars as having Passions, Willpower
and Shadows, they are not sentient beings. These prop-
erties are imbued by the foul rituals enacted by
Xenophon, and do not grant the train sentience. How-
ever, these properties do closely mimic the Angst, Will-
power and Shadow of sentient beings.

Tung Tats tthe it Sie

One way to escape the Malfean train is to redeem a
car and its passengers. The rest of the train will recoil
in disgust, forcing the car to "jump" the tracks into the
Tempest (even if that car was located in the middle of
the train). For simplicity's sake, each car and its pas-
sengers is treated as a ghostly Collective, if you will.
The characters can attempt to exorcise the Collective's
Shadow by playing off an appropriate Redeeming Pas-
sion (listed for each Collective), succeeding on a Re-
deeming Action, singing a Ballad, gaining Pathos on
an identical Passion roll, and Purifying the car through
Castigation. Each of these actions will lower the
Collective's Angst by one point. If Angst drops to equal
or below Willpower, the Collective temporarily looses
its Shadow (see below).

Once a Collective's Shadow is submerged,
Xenophon unhitches the car and lets it "jump the
tracks" into the Tempest. Those on board feel a sudden
jolt. Other passengers may not realize a car is missing
until they traverse the train in search of a snack, a nap,
or their friends. Xenophon will only allow one car to
jump the tracks before catching on to the characters'
plan. Though appalled by the "corruption" of his train,
he holds on through sheer force of will and the thought
of all those souls that will soon be his.

Due to the depth of corruption on these cars, any
submerging of the Shadow will be temporary at best.
The dominant Dark Passion is listed for each Collec-
tive. Note that similar Passions could substitute — Ven-
geance for Hate, for instance. Below this are examples
of Dark Actions that could fulfill the Dark Passion.
Whenever such a Dark Action occurs, roll Dark Pas-
sion rating (difficulty 9). Each success gives the car one
point of Angst. So long as the Collective's Angst ex-
ceeds its effective "Willpower," it can make a Catharsis
roll; success draws out the Shadow once more. Should
Angst reach 10, the Collective — car and non-player
passengers — automatically submits to the Shadow.

Note that a wraith does not have to know about
these Redeeming or Dark Passions to accidentally trig-
ger them. On the other hand, Xenophon and the Spec-
tres are perfectly aware of the cars' Dark Passions and
the means to manipulate them.

71


A locomotive, a caboose, and eight cars form the
Malfean train. Each car is a near-replica of its counter-
part on the Midnight Express, save for a few details.
Xenophon's Artificers and craftsmen worked for decades
to create these cars, which mock the Midnight Express
with their almost seamless similarity.

Locomotive Engine

The engine is one of the only cars that does not
appear to be modeled on its counterpart on the Mid-
night Express. The locomotive is actually two parts: the
engine and tender. The 462-A13 C)
viously inspired by the famous Paci gines created
by Baldwin Locomotive Works in the Skinlands after
1935. Crafted of Stygian steel, it speeds along the rails
like a huge blue-gray bullet atop 12 enormous wheels.
A single headlamp glowing with barrow-flame parts the
Tempest ahead, its phosphorescence glinting dimly off
the twin tracks. Immediately behind the engine lies the
tender. It carries a jumble of fuel-ore mined from the

engine was ob-

Labyrinth, discarded relics, burned-out artifacts, even
shreds of Corpus. Unlike Skinland trains, the Al3 en-
gine does not operate on steam and coal. Rather, it uti-
lizes powerful Arcanos, which must be fueled by raw
souls.

To reach the cab, a wraith must crawl over the ten-
der. A yellow sign warns, "Only Crew Beyond This
Point." The cab is empty but for the smell of oil, grease,
hot metal, and burning flesh. The firebox is open. Un-
less they succeed on a Willpower roll (difficulty 6), those
who peer into the dancing barrow-flames are mesmer-
ized and attempt to climb inside the firebox — receiv-
ing aggravated, third-degree burns.

The engineer and fireman, Xenophon himself, In-
habits the locomotive much of the time. Potential sabo-
teurs are warned by a burst of barrow-flame or simply
flung from the train (using Outrage). Xenophon casts
fuel into the firebox every so often. Witn hear —
or think they hear — a final wailing sigh as the souls
are consumed by Oblivion. Witnessing this is worth one
point of temporary Angst.

The engine cannot be redeemed.

th: The Oblivion

SOS


This car is a nearly perfect re-creation of its coun-
terpart on the Midnight Express, replete with Civil War
era ambience. It has subsequently become the apotheo-
sis of the Glorious Brotherhood of Battle.

In the Shadowlands, this car seems almost empty.
Two Legionnaires complain of their transferal between
Citadels. A likely Renegade tries to sleep. In the cor-
ner, a Heretic preaches to no one in particular. Once
the train plunges into the Tempest, the car no longer
seems quite so empty. In the dimmed light, a wraith
can detect dozens of faded forms; when the lamps gut-
ter, these Drones grow more distinct. They represent
all of the young Americans who went eagerly, ignorantly
off to war.

As the facade wears off, the soldier-Drones no longer
appear as fresh recruits, but as wounded veterans. Their
punctured and shredded bodies are kept together by
splints, bandages, and bodybags. Mud, blood, and bul-
let holes decorate their uniforms. Even the more sub-
stantial wraiths subscribe to the car's Dark Passion. The
two Legionnaires are busy interrogating the Renegade,
who takes perverse pleasure in resisting. The Heretic
flagellates herself. The very walls of the car drip blood

ssions: Pity, Mercy
Redeeming Actions: First-aid, caregiving
Angst: 8

Willpower: 6

Club Car

Like the club car on the Midnight Express, this car
serves a variety of spicy snacks, though any who are
familiar with the original car will note that the food
offered here has a decidedly bitter flavor. It burns with
an unearthly heat, thinly masked by too much season-
ing.

This car is a magnet for brawls. Tempers flair among
the diners. Someone begins shouting for the bartender,
who is conspicuously absent. A kitchen fire blazes in
the absence of the cook.

Dark Passions: Anger 2

Dark Actions: Arguing, fighting

Redeeming Passions: Happiness, Calm, Friendship, For-
giveness

— pe
7 ==
b =.
; e
ore -

Redeeming Actions: Helping someone, saving a chok-
ing victim, forgiving a clumsy waitress

Angst: 6

Willpower: 4

Second-lass Sleeper

While far more crowded than its original, this car
is a passable re-creation of the car it is based on. This
car houses a number of Enfants on long trips and the
hangers-on of the Big Wigs from the first-class sleeper:
personal Pardoners and other servants, secretaries, re-
porters, Chanteurs, nervous bodyguards, and mistresses.
Most passengers have heard stories of Spectres waylay-
ing travelers in the Tempest. These wraiths subscribe
to the old adage of safety in numbers, and huddle to-
gether like a flock of sheep. During Slumber, many have
nightmares. The last thing anyone needs to learn is that
Spectres are running the train.

Under the Shadow's influence, the car's electric
lights go out with a flash of blue, and the heater fails
soon after the train leaves the Shadowlands. Passen-
gers run about like decapitated chickens or cower in
their rooms. Screams, hyperventilation, and mindless
survival instincts become the order of the day.

Dark Passions: Fear/Panic 4

Dark Actions: Causing panic, intimidating a suspect
Redeeming Passions: Courage, Trust, Reassurance
Redeeming Actions: Fighting off the Phantom "Spec-
tre" attack, calming frightened passengers

Angst: 5

Willpower: 3

Second-Class Lounge

Destroyed in a head-on collision in 1918, this car
has an odd pattern of wrinkles lining the walls, where
it appears to have been forced back into shape follow-
ing the accident. A woman watches her children play
quietly while a man reads a battered paperback. When
the Shadow becomes dominant, the children stop play-
ing and instead sit quietly. Others on board become la-
conic, unhelpful, and lazy. Passive resistance is one com-
mon tactic.

Dark Passions: Frustration/Sloth 2

Dark Actions: Impeding investigation or giving up,
loosing three or more games of poker (if this causes the
character to become upset), losing patience with the
children

74 Wraith: The Oblivion


Redeeming Actions: Playing with the children, taking
losses with good humor, taking direct action to make
things better

Angst: 7

Willpower: 5

Dining Car

Unlike the Midnight Express' Orient Express din-
ing car, Emile and Pierre are not present here to pro-
vide passengers with good-natured gossip and ever-po-
lite service. The staff on board this car is sloppy and
rude.

Once the train gets underway, the table-top flow-
ers wilt and cutlery seems spotted. From somewhere is-
sues the smell of vomit. Diners become intent on gorg-
ing and gulping, ignoring the soiled napkins folded
neatly by their plates. A drunken couple makes a scene
of themselves.

Dark Passions: Lust/Greed/Indulgence 3

Dark Actions: Seduction, stuffing oneself gluttonously
on the food and drink provided

Redeeming Passions: Generosity/Love/Chastity/Tem-
perance

Redeeming Actions: Paying for someone else's meal,
having a romantic diner with no ulterior motives
Angst: 7

Willpower: 5

First-Class Lounge "The Cerberus'

From here on back, the cars are accessible only to
first-class passengers. Two Legionnaires stand just in-
side the door to enforce privacy. To trick the guards
and fit in with the crowd requires a Manipulation +
Subterfuge roll. The base difficulty is 6; adjust this up
or down by a few points depending on the wraith's cover
story and appearance. If caught, the wraith will be
locked in the baggage car until after the trip (when
charges may be filed). Those with legitimate business
here (e.g., someone needing to confer with a Mentor)
can get past the guards with an Appearance + Leader-
ship roll (difficulty 7). With either tactic, visitors are
limited to a few minutes before having to leave.

This luxurious car is gaudily decorated in purple,
gold, and natural oak. While it has much the same am-
bience (initially at least) as its counterpart on the real
Midnight Express, it differs in many details. It is fur-

Ge

nished with plush chairs, carved tables, brass framed
mirrors, Oriental rugs, chinaware spittoons, and an or-
gan. Curtains and blinds can be drawn over the large
windows.

The party-goers in this car are mainly Gaunts; all
are wealthy and important. Some of these big names
have fallen very hard, indeed, succumbing to suicide,
reckless living, powerful enemies. These wraiths have
one thing in common: They are all in a position to work
full-time at forgetting their death. Dancing, drinking,
and false friendships are mixed indiscriminately. On the
impromptu dance floor, a Victorian gentleman tries to
keep up with a roaring-drunk flapper. The stocky man
in mutton-chop whiskers and waistcoat is Overlord
Crispin, responsible for collecting Thralls for Stygia;
his charges are kept in the baggage car. Crispin is among
the wraiths who have mistakenly taken this train, think-
ing it to be the Midnight Express.

Beneath the veneer of respectability, bullet-holes
and blood-stains appear in the furnishings. If told of
the train's suspected destination, the passengers resign
themselves to going out with a bang — they party even
more-fiercely. Xenophon is particularly careful to keep
this car's passengers under the Shadow; too many of its
passengers are powerful. If the car is redeemed, he lets
it jump the tracks just to be safe.

Dark Passions: Cynicism/Resignation 2

Dark Actions: Telling the party-goers of future doom
(as learned through Fatalism), use of Manipulation or
Subterfuge

Redeeming Passions: Trust, Acceptance.

Redeeming Actions: Success on Charisma-based rolls
Angst: 10

Willpower: 8

First-Class Sleeper

This modern sleeper car was destroyed only a few
years ago, and like the car it is modeled on, this car
features individual compartments, providing travelers
with a modicum of privacy.

These compartments house the first-class passen-
gers, their families, and friends. Overlord Crispin's room
contains a key to the baggage car.

This car's passengers act upon their repressed con-
tempt for one another. This likely results in at least one
"accident."

Dark Passions: Hate 5

75

Why
ot Wily Ws

Zk

Dark Actions: Murder, Arson

Redeeming Passions: Love, Empathy

Redeeming Actions: Comforting or reassuring fright-
ened passengers, acting as a calming influence, guiding
the other passengers to constructive action rather than
panic

Angst: 10

Willpower: 8

Baggage Car

Like the boxcar on the Midnight Express, this car
was used during World War II to transport men, women
and children to concentration camps in Eastern Eu-
rope. This is one of the only cars that Xenophon was
able to find a near-copy of in the Tempest, so it required
only minimal work.

The key to the padlocks on each of the doors can
be found in Overlord Crispin's room. Picking the lock
requires a Dexterity + Streetwise (or perhaps Repair)
roll (difficulty 8, three successes needed). Within, a
dozen slack-featured Thralls huddle in the darkness.
They believe they are headed for simple servitude, but
the truth is far worse. If the car were to reach Stygia,
these Thralls would be destined for the furnace, to be
reduced into coinage or perhaps an artifact. Since this
train is run by Spectres, who knows what their destiny
will be...

Dark Passions: Despair/Sorrow 5

Dark Actions: Telling the Thralls of their fate
Redeeming Passions: Hope

Redeeming Actions: Freeing the Thralls
Angst: 4

Willpower: 2

Caboose

A small cramped compartment, this car contains
the other "staff" of the train, who dejectedly sit on
benches and overturned buckets, some playing cards.
A dozen Spectres are crammed into this car, waiting
impatiently for the order to subdue the passengers.
Xenophon hopes this will not be necessary. Like the
engine, the caboose is unredeemable.


Timeline
The following timeline assumes that one of the

characters owns a relic watch set for Eastern Standard
Time.

6 EST

As described in Scene One, the Malfean train
makes its East Coast stops, its idle engine hissing impa-
tiently. Three minutes later, the train departs at the
sound of another train's screaming whistle. With a
chuffing noise like the slow pant of a dying dog, the
train picks up speed. The tracks groan under 50+ tons
of rolling stock. Like a signal tower, a flaming Thrall
waves the train past, seemingly ignorant of the melted
corpus pooling at its feet.

1230 a.m.

As soon as the passengers have settled in, they may
begin to wonder why the conductor has not come round
to check tickets. Those familiar with the Midnight Ex-
press have not even seen Stillwell.

12:56 a.

The train pulls into the next set of stations, includ-
ing New Orleans. A few passengers board via the sec-
ond-class coach. None of the other doors will open.
Those who seek to disembark are misdirected to the
rear of the train. By the time they get back to the coach
car, the doors have closed again. Wraiths who look out
the window may see a ghostly flatbed truck back up
against the baggage car. Something is obviously on- or
off-loaded, but no one seems sure what...

After the train departs, Joshua Payne and Ms. Elisa
Garrett find themselves in the second-class lounge car,
or whichever car the characters are currently in. This
is a perfect time to begin introducing them to the char-
acters. After a short lull, Ms. Garrett proposes a game
of cards. Poker is the game she has in mind, and it's
soon obvious that she plays very well. The game lasts
until the train makes its West Coast stops.

Each card player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge;
the difficulty equals the highest Perception + Subter-
fuge total (other than your own) at the table. One can
spend Willpower on this roll, but it's considered cheat-
ing; someone spots the ace-up-the-sleeve if that player

successes wins.

2:00 a.m.

The Spectre train remains in the Shadowlands for
about half an hour, but doesn't stop. In the light of a
full moon, characters watch as a nearly deserted Ari-
zona shanty-town glides past. The train re-enters the
Tempest. Knowing that the next stop is San Francisco,
Ms. Garrett appears cheerful as she deals (for solitaire,
if poker has ended). Yet her face falls after looking at
her cards. Dropping them, she flees to her sleeping com-
partment. If someone peeks at her hand, he sees noth-
ing strange about it. An Oracle, however, could use
Interpretation to perceive bad tidings. The eight of
spades, for instance, represents "Fate repeated and
death."

In her compartment, Elisa has given over to her
Shadow. Anyone checking up on her will become a tar-
get by her Keening and (if so inclined) natural charms.
It is likely that any intimacy will only lead to Angst.

256 am.

The train barrels through San Francisco, not even
slowing as it approaches the terminal. Numerous armed
Centurions have assembled on the platform. Other
wraiths wave frantically and scream at the speeding
train. If someone opens a window and listens carefully
(Perception + Alertness, difficulty 6), she can make out
the word "Spectre" before the train's whistle screams
loud and long. Their horrified expressions recede. A
sinking feeling should hit the passengers right about
now.

4:00 a.m.

The train left the Shadowlands half an hour ago.
With a sudden lurch, it takes a side track and descends
deep into the Tempest. The next leg of the journey will
take six hours. Joshua Payne yawns and his Phantasm
Arcanos provokes weariness in nearby wraiths (Dreams
of Sleep). In any case, he falls asleep.

8:00 a.m.

Spawned from the nightmares of Joshua Payne, six
"Spectres" attack the second-class sleeper car. Anyone
present (such as Oracles roused by Danger Sense) may
witness their arrival as they phase through the walls of

= eS
the car. Brandishing warped blades and blackened fire-
arms, they herd passengers into the hall. They make no
demands, but seem intent on terrorizing the passengers.
In fact, this scene is a Phantasm created by Joshua Payne
in his sleep. A Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 6,
four successes needed) detects slight inconsistencies,
such as the Spectres' phasing ability. The Phantasm
fades in six turns.

The six Phantom Spectres collectively have nine
Corpus Levels, and eight dice of attack (which may be
divided); each successful attack causes seven dice dam-
age.

9:00 a.m.

Joshua Payne wakes. He appears weary and faded
(one Corpus Level and one point of Pathos remain-
ing).

10:00 a.m.

The train arrives at the Terminal of Tortured souls.
Refer to Scene Four.

Soene Three
The Enemy Within

@| ove on to this scene once the wraiths
fi| realize their predicament and attempt
an escape. The most straightforward
contingencies are provided for below.

hijacking

Some wraiths may go the obvious route and attempt
to wrest control of the train from Xenophon and his
Spectres. This, however, is also the most hazardous
route. Over a dozen other Spectres lurk on board, some
in the caboose, others masquerading as passengers and

crew. Even by himself, Xenophon is capable of defeat-
ing most Circles.

jumping Tracks
The safest plan is to have one car jump the tracks
while all the characters are aboard. Particularly heroic

characters will also cram as many passengers into this
car as possible before making an escape.

One way to make a car jump the tracks is to sup-
press its Shadow through redemption. See Scene Two
for details. This trick will only work once. A more mun-
dane method requires releasing the automatic couplers
on front and back of the car by means of Gremlinize or
a Strength + Repair roll (difficulty 7). Even if the loose
car breaks from the middle of the train, it will jump the
tracks. The rest of the train re-links.

If the car breaks loose in the Tempest, it may glide
to a stop by itself or barrel toward some obstruction
(Storyteller's option). Slowing a more modern car re-
quires activating its automatic brakes via Inhabit or a
Wits + Repair roll (difficulty 4, 3 successes); the older
cars have rooftop hand-brakes that must be turned
manually (requiring a Strength Feat of 3). Crashes
causes 7 Corpus Levels of non-aggravated damage, mi-
nus soak; halve this if a passenger has braced herself.
The main difficulty now is leaving the safety of the car
and traveling back to the Skinlands. If the car jumps
the tracks in the Shadowlands, it automatically crashes.

Leap of Desperation

The desperate or crazy simply fling themselves from
the train. Anyone doing this takes 10 Corpus Levels of
non-aggravated damage, minus soak.

Unless timed to coincide with the train's passage
through the Shadowlands, each of the above options
leaves the wraiths stranded in the Tempest. No longer
protected by the train, the wraiths are beset by cold
and darkness, snatches of nightmares, and Spectres. A
Harbinger can guide the Circle back to the
Shadowlands. Otherwise, the group is stranded in the
Tempest. They will drift helplessly until washed up at
the Terminal of Tortured Souls.

Riding it Out

Of course, it's possible that the wraiths do nothing,
either through ignorance, curiosity, or lack of means. If
their Shadows are in control, they may have joined the
Spectres (especially those with Spectre Prestige, Dark
Allies, or Shadow Call). In this case, their next stop is
the Terminal of Tortured Souls (Scene Four).


WAG. Ze Sr

Scene Four
Terminal of Tortured Souls

| ho knows what evil lurks in the hearts of
men?

—catch-phrase of The Shadow

The wraiths end up here for one

of three reasons: a) they failed to es-

cape Xenophon's train; b) they fell

into the Tempest sometime during the story and were

washed up here; or c) they ha' ome to rescue lost

souls.

Xenophon passes judgment on each of passengers
depending on their apparent merit. Those who show
promise are targeted for corruption, while the rest are
designated to be melted down. If any wraith has turned
to the Shadow, Xenophon offers her a place in his reti-
nue. Even upstanding wraiths are subject to his persua-
sion. By communicating with her Shadow, Xenophon
can learn of a wraith's hopes and ambitions and — if in
his power — offer to help achieve them. In exchange,
the wraith must agree to serve him for a year and a day
(by which time the Terminal will have corrupted her
anyway). Those attempting to persuade Xenophon of

their sincerity must achieve three successes on a Ma-
nipulation + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 5). Xenophon
gives them free run of the Terminal, though he secretly
orders his Spectres to keep an eye on them.

Wraiths who resist are dragged off to a storeroom
and sealed in amphoras (see Storeroom below).

Setting

The Terminal is a twisting Labyrinth of sandstone
walls and Doric columns, flickering shadows and
haunted echoes. With infinite winding tunnels, stairs,
rooms, and platforms, the place resembles a vast sub-
way station more than a standard terminal.

The Terminal is vast and filled with many dangers.
Attempts to map it will prove fruitless. Most of the com-
plex consists of deserted tunnels, patrolled by a bull-
headed Shade, Barghests, and other Spectres. Three lo-
cations are of particular note.


Ana nS
¢ Switching Yard

The switching yard is a cavernous, arched tunnel
with dozens of intertwining tracks lining the floor. The
Malfean train will be resting here, along with a small
hand car. The wraiths could use either in their escape
(see below).

© Storeroom

Beneath an abandoned restaurant lies a low-
ceilinged storeroom packed with amphoras. Each holds
a mindless wraith, its Corpus having molded to the
shape of the vessel after years of containment. The
amphoras are easily smashed from the outside. How-
ever, raw Oblivion coats their insides. To break out, a
wraith must make a Test of Strength (matching 6) or
be imprisoned until freed by someone outside. Hope-
fully, this someone is not a hungry Spectre.

© Xenophon's Court

This "court" is a stale chamber furnished with dis-
integrating relics. Some of the more mindless Spectres
Moliate themselves into chairs, so wraiths should look
before sitting: Here Xenophon will attempt to corrupt
the wraiths with promises of power. If anyone makes a
deal with him, a tablet inscribed with Linear B script
appears nearby. Strangely, the wraith can translate eas-
ily. The tablet teaches the first three dots in any one
Arcanos or Ability. In exchange for this knowledge,
the wraith must also accept a like amount of perma-
nent Angst.

Pitfalls

For each "day" spent in the haunted Terminal, a
wraith gains one point of temporary Angst, unless con-
tinually protected by a Pardoner's Bulwark.

Making an Escape

To escape the Terminal of Tortured Souls, the
wraiths need only find one of the railway tunnels out
and flee. Once in the Tempest, a Harbinger can lead
the group back to the Skinlands. Of course, the Spec-
tres will attempt to prevent any escape. Use the Pursuit
rules to make this last scene exciting. If on the hand
car, add together the Strengths of the two characters at
the draw bar and roll against difficulty 6. Use this as
the Pursuit pool. The pursuing Spectres roll Dexterity
+ Athletics as usual (difficulty 6). However, wraiths
should beware the Malfean train!

If the characters manage to liberate a large number
of passengers, they may wish to steal the Malfean train.


The controls are fused; only an Artificer can operate
them using Gremlinize.

Conclusion: joumeys End

fter returning to the Shadowlands, the
wraiths receive their just rewards. If
their scouting went well, Stillwell
gives each character 2 oboli; double
this reward if they rescue many pas-
sengers.

Only if the characters help others should you con-
sider giving the full three experience points for the end
of the story.

For their brush with Oblivion, each character gains
one dot to either Eidolon (if she has it already) or per-
manent Willpower (if she doesn't).

Xenophon may become a major antagonist in your
chronicle. He is extremely powerful opponent; the char-
acters' best bet is to strike at him though his Fetter.

Characters for
Next Stop: Oblivion

his section details three significant
Storyteller characters. The Storyteller
4|| should be prepared to populate the
train with dozens of interesting per-

Bf,<|| sonalities. Those good at improvisa-
"4 ion should have no problems, and
others may wish to prepare a short list of extras — name,
concept, and demeanor should be enough. This is a good
opportunity to introduce characters who will become
important later in the chronicle.

joshua Payne

Joshua has just finished rigorous basic training of
his own devising — a double major in Journalism and
Political Science obtained from three institutions. A
Degree in Self Sat tion is the only one he received,
and the only one he would accept. He died of a fever
while traveling across Europe trying to "find himself."
Long hours of little sleep and less food had taken their

toll, and his body put up little resistance when the vi-
rus struck. Always a dreamer, Joshua has become a
master of Phantasm during his time in the Shadowlands.
Nature: Critic

Demeanor: Rebel

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Awareness 2, Brawl 1,
Dodge 1, Empathy 1, Expression 3, Streetwise 1, Sub-
terfuge 1

Skills: Drive 1, Lead
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Investigation 1,
Law 1, Liberal Arts 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 1, Politics 1
Background: Contacts (Shadowlands) 1, Contacts
(Skinlands) 1, Eidolon 1, Notoriety 3

Passions: Explore the Shadowlands (Curiosity) 4, Fight
injustice (Anger) 3, Return home to see family (Love) 2,
Advise the ignorant (Pride) 1

ip 1, Repair 1, Survival 2

Arcanos: Phantasm 5

Fetters: Journal, 2; Eurail Car, 1; Home in Southwark
(London), 2; Jenny Chan (girlfriend), 2

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 7

Shadow: The Pusher

Angst: 3

Chapter Four: Next Stop: Oblivion

= = SW ss r=

Thorns: Death's Sigil, Trick of the Lights, Devil's Dare
Shadow Passions: Act spontaneously (Recklessness) 4,
Haunt family (Sorrow) 4, Criticize others (Cynicism) 2
Image: Sporting black hair shaved into a rooster-cut, a
fatigue jacket, and combat boots, Joshua appears to be
an enthusiastic punk. One look into his intelligent green
eyes, however, shatters this first impression.
Roleplaying Hints: Barely listen to what others say be-
fore jumping in with your own opinion. Your favorite
expression is: "I don't know about that, but anyway...".
You become very animated when your interests enter
conversation: hidden agendas of world nations, injus-
tice, the inherent self-destructive nature of the human
soul, problems with modern society, and the omnipres-
ent signs of bureaucracy.

Ms, Elisa Garrett

Ms. Elisa Garrett was born on August 25, 1865, in
a Colorado dustbowl called Mirage. Her mother was a
soiled dove, her father some chance stranger. She fol-
lowed in her mother's footsteps, but supplemented her
income in dance halls and gambling dens. She dreamed
of the money and fame that would allow her and her
mother a better life. Many entertain such a dream, but
this girl had real talent.

By chance, a club owner (passing though Mirage
on his return to San Francisco) heard her sing. Mr. Tal-
bot offered her a opportunity to perform in his Golden
Lotus Club; she could even bring her mother. Just as
her destiny seemed to be falling into place, the Wheel
of Fate turned. A few days later, Elisa was run down by
a wagon. Her sole measure of fame was the tombstone
erected by Mr. Talbot in Mirage... which has since
crumbled to dust.

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2, Seduction 2

Skills: Dancing 2, Gambling 4, Performance 3, Ride 1
Knowledges: History 2, Railroad Trivia 3
Background: Contacts (Shadowlands) 3, Memorium 1,
Status (Hierarchy) 1, Status (Renegades) 1, Wealth 3

LJ wae

en

(

f

Zrrory

Passions: Thwart Fate (Vengeance) 4, find someone to
care for her (Love) 3, become famous (Pride) 2, become
tich (Envy) 1
Arcanos: Keening 3, Fatalism 3, Moliate 1
Fetters: Golden Lotus Club in San Francisco (re-
solved), 1; Mr. Talbot (dead), 3; piano in Jake's Sa-
loon (destroyed), 2; Tombstone in Mirage, Colorado
(crumbled), 4
Willpower: 5
Pathos: 6
Shadow: The Abuser
Angst: 4
Thorns: Bad Luck, Tainted Touch
Shadow Passions: Seduce handsome men (Lust) 5, Fall
once again under the Wheel of Fate (Cynicism) 3,
Cheat and steal (Spite) 2
Image: Ms. Garrett is an attractive woman with dark
hair and blue eyes. Even without a bustle, ample curves
fill out her blue velvet dress. The lace trim and silver
buttons complement her hat. Though Ms. Garrett usu-
ally maintains a ladylike image — including white lace
gloves — she also enjoys being a bit daring or flirta-
tious. For instance, she may sit with one leg exposed
above a black boot.

Under the influence of her Shadow, Elisa's features
change. She wears dark make-up, and removes her


gloves. Beneath the dusty dress, her ribcage seems
crushed.

Roleplaying Hints: For the entirety of your short life,
you entertained others. Thus you have decided to de-
vote the afterlife to pleasing yourself. Unfortunately,
your mission is hampered by Oracle's instincts — you
read into everything, and the messages are often dark.

Xenophon

Xenophon's life began and ended over 3000 years
ago. He was one of the Mycenaean kings who conquered
Crete around 1400 B.C. He refused to accept his natu-
ral death, feeling that he had not accomplished enough
in life. Xenophon found an outlet for his administra-
tive talents within the Hierarchy. He was partially re-
sponsible for many policies and construction projects
within Stygia, and had attained a great deal of status
among his fellows in the Hierarchy. Xenophon's drive
to always be the first and the best served him well in
the Hierarchy, but eventually led to his downfall.
Claimed by his Shadow, Xenophon now broods silently
in his abandoned Terminal, plotting the downfall of
the Midnight Express.

Further information on Xenophon is outlined in
the Background to this story.

Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Survivor

Physical: Strength 4, De: ina 6
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Leadership 4,
Melee 3, Ride 2, Sailing 2, Swimming 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy, Finance 1, History 3, Law 1,
Linguistics 2, Politics 2

Background: Artifact (.357 Magnum) 4, Artifact
(Stygian blade) 2, Notoriety 2

Dark Passions: Destroy the Midnight Express (Hate) 5,
Manipulate others (Deceit) 2

Arcanos: Argos 2, Inhabit 3, Lifeweb 4, Moliate 4,
Outrage 3

Fetters: Golden deathmask in Athens Museum, 2
Willpower: 8

Pathos: 6

Angst: 10

Thorns: Spectre Prestige 3, Infamy 1, Shadow Call
Image: Xenophon's hair and mustache have turned
white with age, though he is otherwise in good shape
for a 50-year-old. Ebony eyes peer forth from a darkly-
tanned, chiseled face. Xenophon wears faded denim
pants, a woolen tunic, and riding boots. His xiphos (or
short sword) and .357 Magnum hang from either hip.
For all of Scene Two, he will Inhabit the locomotive.

Roleplaying Hints: You present yourself as a Harbin-
ger, and certainly have the skills to pull off this descrip-
tion. Act brave, gallant, and world-weary — a cross
between Captain Blood and the stranger-with-no-name.
This, of course, is just a facade. Devious and deliberate,
only repeated reminders of the "magnificence of the
Midnight Express" can stir your reckless anger. You speak
Greek, Latin, and English.

Chapter Four: Next Stop:



rice oF Vengeance

It is horrible beyond the power of words to express, to
think that the civilized world should suffer such bloodshed

and destruction.

— General John J. Pershing about World War I

candal seems to be part of the fabric
@| of politics, something every politician
4| fears but is willing to risk when en-
NY ticed with power or the opportunity
to do good. In "The Price of Ven-
geance," the characters get involved
in scandal; not one of their own mak-
ing, but that of one of the most powerful wraiths in
Stygia.

The story finds the characters on one of the cars of
the Midnight Express. Passengers aboard the car specu-
late that Charon's Inquisition is hunting for evidence
to bring down the First Consul of War and the First
Consul of Pestilence. Believing that the Consuls pio-
neered the inhuman methods of mass destruction used
during World War I, and thereby increased the number
of dead within their domains, the Inquisition is offer-
ing large rewards for evidence of this involvement that,
they hint, has recently surfaced.

Like it or not, the fingers of scandal are long, and
the characters soon find themselves touched by them.

Theme

The Price of Vengeance revolves around two
themes: the nature of vengeance and the nature of scan-
dal. The characters find themselves being entreated to
contribute to scandal, whether the scandal is deserved
or not, as part of a plan for vengeance. Characters must
make up their own minds as to whether or not they
want to play the game, and if so, whether by their own
tules or someone else's.

Mood

Characters should feel a tinge of paranoia, as if they
are being watched, and should feel a gloom settling
around them as they penetrate deeper into the myster-
ies that power keeps (the scandals carefully hidden and
very much feared by those who committed past wrongs).


Zia
Setting
The story is set in the Shadowlands of America,
Austria, and Germany, between which the characters
will travel to gather evidence against the Anacreon
Schroeck. The locales for the story are the parlor car
"Victoria," two third-class German compartment
coaches on the Midnight Express, and the World War |
bunker containing the damning evidence, described

below.

Backoround

saw a war widow in a laundrette

Washing the memories from her

husband's clothes

he had medals pinned to a threadbare

& greycoat

Ca A lump in her throat, with cemetery eyes
— Marillion, "Blind Curve"

The Price of Vengeance begins in 1564, when the
wraith and Legionnaire Marcus Auberges appeared to
his nephew in a dream. Auberges, who had tutored his
nephew in combat skills whil
youth an army's potential for vi
artillery — in the 1500s, a re
cursor to the hand grenade used in modern warfare —
was used in combat. Unfortunately for Marcus, his
nephew recorded the dream in detail in his journal —
a piece of evidence revealing that Marcus had violated
the Code of Charon.

Centuries later, after a meteoric rise up the ranks of
the Hierarchy and, ironically, a saturated history of in-
terference with the world of the Quick, Auberges found
himself poised to take the seat of the First Consul of
War. His intentions good, he wanted to use the Consul's
power to better the lots of all Hierarchy wraiths, but to
fuel his ambition, he needed the power of souls. In the
1800s, he hit upon an idea that, unbeknownst to him,
was supplied by his own Shadow: To get the souls he
needed, he would further mold the cultural develop-
ments of the living by introducing the concept of the
Gatling gun, an extension of ideas that had previously
led to the developments of such weapons of mass de-
struction as boiling oil, the bow, and the cannon.

Auberges' plan was to introduce newer, more effi-
cient weapons to the mortal world every few decades.

alive, revealed to the
ctory when hand-thrown

nt invention and a pre-


s was raised to the
position of First Consul of War. Simultaneously, he be-
gan formulating a plan that would quickly introduce
the concept of trench warfare into mortal society. From
his analysis of it (greatly influenced by his Shadow),
trench warfare could bring about the deaths of thou-
sands upon thousands of soldiers — all of whose souls
could, by rights, be harvested by the Consul's wraiths.

Auberges soon discovered that the fastest route to
his goal was to pass his knowledge along to German
scientists, who, at that time, were gearing up for war at
the behest of Kaiser Wilhelm II. The Consul never took
a direct hand in the affair, fearful of retribution under
the Code of Charon. However, he charged his loyal
friend, Maximilian Schroeck, who was promoted to the
status of Anacreon of Dresden (one of the most power-
ful of the seven Anacreons in the Necropolis of
Dresden), to attain these goals for him.

The Anacreon's servants, acting on strict orders,
contacted one Helmut Kliburn, a German colonel and
sub-advisor on paranormal activities to Kaiser Wilhelm.
Ironically, one of the wraiths hired by the Anacreon's
servants, an enigmatic Gaunt named Drake, appeared
to the mortal Kliburn as Maximilian Schroeck, a hated
wraith with whom he'd crossed swords centuries earlier
— if anyone was caught, he reasoned, it would be this
Maximilian. To his potential misfortune, the Anacreon
never involved himself with details.

Simultaneously, Schroeck's servants made Kliburn's
name known to the Kaiser's top men, and Kliburn be-
came one of the Kaiser's trusted advisors. Kliburn even-
tually revealed to the German leader the names of
chemists and other scientists in whose heads the
Consul's wraiths had planted the ideas of chemical
weaponry (poison gas grenades) and machine guns.

Events worked in Schroeck's and the Consul's fa-
vor, and, in 1914, trench warfare became the bane of
the Quick. Poison gas became the next combat item
on Schroeck's war agenda, and, in 1915, the horrible
dream first became a reality; in the Second Battle of
Ypres, fought from April 22 to May 25, 95,000 men lost
their lives. The two leaders' Shadows were quickly tak-
ing control.

In an unrelated event a few years later, one Wyatt
York, a friend of a member of the Industrial Workers of
the World (a socialist group that opposed America's in-
volvement in World War 1) was accidentally rounded
up during America's war hysteria, along with a thou-
sand other strikers, forced into a cattle car, transported

to the Arizona desert, and left there without food and
water. Unlike most of the other strikers, York died from
heat exhaustion.

Not one to let go, York became a wraith. Dead at
the hands of those who wanted to draft him, he sought
to avenge himself by seeing those who left him in the
desert die in the pestilent trenches of Europe. Upon
dying, York was recruited as a Legionnaire in the Hier-
archy, proved himself, and eventually came under the
direct supervision of Schroeck.

At about this time, the Inquisition of Charon be-
gan its inquiries into the Consul of War's and the Con-
sul of Pestilence's involvement in the concept of trench
warfare. Ever vigilant, Schroeck hired York to destroy
evidence of the Anacreon's and the Consul's involve-
ment in the affair. However, Schroeck never revealed
to York what it was that he was destroying. At the same
time the Inquisition went to work finding evidence
(which yielded no results), York succeeded in destroy-
ing Kliburn (who died mysteriously, then was captured,
discorporated, and smelted in the Artificers' forges),
Kliburn's reputation (he was sent to an asylum), and all
his personnel files (which described his contact with
the "ghost" named Maximilian, and all the visions that
Maximilian revealed to him).

Schroeck's servants and Drake mysteriously disap-
peared, but York is still around, now filling the shoes of
Schroeck's late Marshal.

Despite the Anacreon's preemptive strike, Schroeck
was and is not entirely familiar with all the avenues
that his servants took to fulfill their duties, and thus
pieces of evidence remain of which he is unaware. The
characters enter the story at a time in which the Inqui-
sition, chafing at their past failures, has taken a renewed
interest in finding evidence that implicates the
Anacreon Schroeck and, if possible, the two Consuls
who were originally put on trial for transgressing the

Code of Charon.

Remaining Evidence and Clues

While most of the evidence implicating Schroeck
and the Consul in instigating trench warfare has been
destroyed, shreds of evidence remain for the fortunate
(or unfortunate) to discover:

¢ Kliburn's death certificate & medical records.
The death certificate states that Kliburn died of a heart
attack, while his medical records indicate that he was
in perfect health at the time of his death. Kliburn died

Chapter Five: The Price of Vengeance

*, Paty


at Heidelburg Sanitarium after 10 months in a nearby
insane asylum.

¢ An Artificer's personal records that Kliburn,
upon death, was captured, discorporated, and smelted
in the Artificers' forges.

¢ A list of German chemists, handwritten by
Kliburn. Duplicates can be found in the Kaiser Wilhelm
II's archival vaults in Munich, dated 1905. Other pa-
pers listing precisely the same chemists, in precisely the
same order, appear among the notes of the Kaiser's top
men in the above-mentioned archives.

¢ A German mail/passenger train, destroyed when
a "compromise" car (a car having wide wheel treads
that allowed it to run on both wide- and narrow-gauge
tracks) derailed during a snowstorm in mid-spring and
caused the entire train to plunge over the side of a steep,
narrow bridge near Dresden. All the occupants were
killed in a fiery inferno, as the coal stoves in the over-
turned cars spilled their burning contents onto the pas-
sengers, and chlorine gas, which was a part of the cargo,
was released into the cars. Once every ten years, on the
night on which it made its final run (April 15, 1915),
the train appears as part of the Midnight Express, con-
sisting of different cars that crashed and lost their oc-
cupants and cargo to fire when they were derailed years
ago (so far, from studying this cycle of appearance, only
Drake has figured out which cars appear when).
When the characters get involved, four cars from the
Mallet (as the train was called) appear: two third-class com-
partment coaches, a cargo car for the top-secret chemical
weapon load it carried, and a cargo car for mail, which hid
other top-secret papers (see below) amongst its contents.
At the time of the accident, the compartment coaches
(made for civilian transport in 1910) were filled with Ger-
man soldiers, headed from Dresden to Frankfurt, who were
guarding a scientist named Bernard Hauptman. The cargo
cars, each guarded by five German soldiers, contained chlo-
rine gas weapons and top-secret papers that revealed an
occult involvement in the train's passage:

¢ A list of German chemical plants that were ca-
pable of manufacturing chlorine.

© A draft list of eminent German, Austrian, and
German-sympathizing Swiss chemists and other sci-
entists.

¢ A list of iron manufacturing plants.

© Gold bars from Swiss banks in five unmarked bur-
lap bags.

Wraith: The Oblivion

><—Y

———

Prototypes of chlorine canisters first used by Ger-
mans in the Second Battle of Ypres (April 22 to
May 25, 1915).

A secret bunker. The soldiers' destination was
this bunker in Frankfurt, where they were to transport
Hauptman, the chemical weapons, and the gold in
safety. The Frankfurt bunker contains:

© Hauptman's work area and files, including a typed

account of Hauptman's discovery of chlorine, and

a handwritten note from Kliburn to Hauptman,

dated 1907, asking if poisonous gasses could be con-

tained in a small, portable metal globe that could
explode on impact. Also: whether or not this would
be an extraordinarily difficult weapon to produce.
© A copy of Kliburn's psychological report recom-

mending that he be admitted to an asylum, and a

full report of his delusions with details about

"Maximilian the ghost."

© The only piece of evidence implicating the First
Consul of War (other than the threat of Schroeck's tes-
timony) is the long-forgotten diary entry written by
the Consul's nephew about a dream in which his uncle
appeared to him. A scholar in medieval and Renais-
sance history has just published Renaissance Dreams, a
book which includes a facsimile of this diary entry (dug
up from research in the musty libraries of France), dated
1564. The book has received rave reviews in the New
York Times Book Review, and the author, Professor
Madeleine Frenier, is from the characters' locale. If char-
acters trace this lineage, they may find the relationship
between the nephew and the Consul.

Note that not all of the evidence mentioned above
is dealt with in this story. If you wish to include more
clues and evidence, the above are some suggested leads
that the characters can follow.

Act
The Price of Vengeance

he characters hear that evidence re-
Wi)
i

lating to the Trench Trials (short for

Trench Warfare Trials, as the trials of

the First Consul of War and Pestilence
WPiee]| are known) has resurfaced and are
ZA) viven a lead.


Scene One: All Aboard.

Scene one begins when the characters board the
Midnight Express. No matter where or which car they
board, they will receive the information that follows.
To convey this information, you can use the scene de-
scribed below, or create your own based on your knowl-
edge of the characters in the Circle.

En route from Boston to Chicago (as well as count-
less other cities in the same time zones), the characters
overhear a conversation between Stillwell, the conduc-
tor, and a passenger:

Passenger (raising his voice, but in good humor):

You ‘can't say for sure'? What is that supposed to

mean?

Stillwell: My good sir, I've only heard rumors. If

one were to put all one's faith in rumors, one would

be always at Fortuna's mercy.

Passenger (settling back in his chair): Well, you're

a lot of use. Who could tell me more?

Stillwell: Drake, I would presume.

Passenger: Hah! | want to talk to a ghost, not a

fantasy. Good evening.

Stillwell: Good evening, sir.

With a tip of his cap, Stillwell takes leave of the
wraith and walks over to the characters to collect their
tickets. If the characters ask Stillwell what the conver-
sation was about, he whispers confidentially that there
is a rumor going that evidence relating to the Trench
Trials has resurfaced.

Stillwell remembers the Trench Trials (only the
knowledge that was publicly available at the time, how-
ever), and will elaborate if asked. Essentially, this in-
formation revolves around the fact that the First Con-
sul of War and the First Consul of Pestilence were sum-
moned to trial for instigating the concept of trench
warfare in World War | in order to bolster their power,
thereby violating the Code of Charon. They were ac-
quitted of the charges when Charon's Inquisition could
not find enough evidence to make the charges stick.
However, the Inquisition has continued to search for
evidence that would justify hauling the two Consuls
back into court a final time. Anyone who could find
this evidence would have the eternal gratitude of the
members of the Inquisition (assuming it implicated the
Consuls), and the eternal hatred of the Consuls (as-
suming they were at fault).

Chapter Five: The Price of Vengeance


When Stillwell has collected the characters' tick-
ets, he moves on to the next car.

Scene Two: Lost Love...

Shortly afterward, the passenger who was speaking
to Stillwell looks cautiously around and moves to a seat
next to the characters (if the characters get up and move
around, he ends up in the same car as they, and con-
verses with them as follows).

The wraith introduces himself as Tommy
O'Hallahan. Tommy appears to be in his early 20s, and
has a friendly, outgoing demeanor that is hard to dis-
courage. He explains that he is traveling from Boston
to Chicago to find some of the evidence against the
Consuls, and that he wants to find this evidence be-
cause he was one of the soldiers who died in World War
I when chlorine gas filled his trench. All he wanted to
do was to get back to Boston in one piece so he could
marry his love, Kathleen Daugherty, and have a family.
She is lost to him now.

What the characters don't know is that Tommy
O'Hallahan is actually Drake in disguise. Just before
the Trench Trials, Drake, who worked for the servants
of the Anacreon Schroeck, disappeared, having discov-
ered that the Anacreon was destroying evidence and
that Drake was a fair piece of evidence himself. Drake
has been traveling incognito in the Shadowlands for
almost 80 years, avoiding Schroeck's patrols, barghests,
and assassins. Finally, he has grown weary of running,
and he plans to destroy Schroeck without revealing that
he (Drake) even exists.

Drake started the rumors on the Midnight Express
just to stir the pot, but he is also there to recruit wraiths
who appear to be capable of collecting the evidence.
Under no circumstances will Drake reveal who he is,
nor will he directly reveal the locations of the evidence
against Schroeck because he does not want Schroeck
to know that he is in any way involved with the revival
of interest in the Trials. Additionally, he refuses to ask
Charon's Inquisition for help, as he secretly harbors the
belief that the Inquisition is an agent of Oblivion. Drake
does not know of Renaissance Dreams (see Remaining


Evidence and Clues above), but if he did, he would
pursue that too, being bitter enemies with any cohort
(i.e., the Consul) of Schroeck's.

In the meantime, Tommy continues to talk cheer-
ily to the characters about the war, about Boston, about
practically anything, until another wraith (a recruit that
Drake has been sizing up) saunters up to the group and
calls out Tommy's name in greeting. Tommy warmly
returns the greeting and introduces the wraith to the
characters as Jimmy Sheehan, also from Boston's South
Shore. He explains that he and Jimmy are headed to
Chicago together, both to search for Trench Trials evi-
dence.

After exchanging pleasantries, Tommy shrugs ami-
ably, wishes the characters luck, puts his arm around
Jimmy's shoulders, and steers him away from the char-
acters. As he does so, a note flutters to the floor near
one of the character's feet. The note reads, "Meet me
in the first-class sleeper car, compartment number 6,
before midnight. Some friends of yours wish to see you."
If the characters insist on asking Tommy for more in-
formation, he uses his charm to derail their questions
("Don't worry about it now — you'll find out soon
enough! Come on, let's go have a drink.")

Scene Three: Railway Rhetoric.

Tommy (Drake) waits for the characters to arrive
at compartment 6 until just before midnight. If the char-
acters have not shown up by then, he assumes that they
are not interested, and leaves them alone. They know
he will bein Chicago for.at least a few days, and if they
go looking for him, he'll know about it and find them.
If the characters have no interest in finding the evi-
dence now, fine; just continue to drop hints about re-
wards of 20 oboli, or the status that finding the evi-
dence will bestow on the finders.

If the characters arrive at the compartment, they
will not see any of their friends, but Tommy will be
sitting on his rumpled bed, reading War and Peace.
When Tommy notices them, he puts his book down,
opens the door for them, and motions for them to sit.

Characters will most likely protest the fact that
Tommy has lied to them; their "friends" are clearly not
there. Before they can leave, however, Tommy tells
them that their friends had to disembark unexpectedly
at the last stop, but that he was asked to leave a mes-
sage with them. The message he leaves depends upon

the characters' affiliations (which Drake has guessed
because he has secretly been watching the characters):

¢ If the characters are members of the Hierar-
chy: "The Consuls are marked: 20 oboli for hard evi-
dence of their involvement, which Tommy will help
you find. We have no love for the Consuls."

¢ If the characters are Renegades: "Now's the time
to get back at the Hierarchy. Tommy will help you get
the evidence, and the 20 oboli."

© If the characters are Heretics: "Get the evidence
against the Consuls before the Inquisition does. Then
we can have justice done on our own terms, and we
can watch the Inquisition and the Hierarchy squirm."

¢ If the characters have no affiliations: "20 oboli
for the Consuls' heads. Tommy's a good friend of ours;
he'll help you find the evidence."

In case the characters ask, the "friends" that sup-
posedly have left this message will be contacts that the
players have listed on their character sheets, members
of their Circle, or members within their affiliation (Hi-
erarchy, Renegades, or Heretics) whom they know. In
reality, Drake is contriving these messages for his own
ends, and he has Stillwell playing along with his game
(if the characters need verification).

Shortly after passing along this message to the char-
acters, the Midnight Express reaches Chicago, and
Tommy tells the characters that he must leave. He hands
them a sealed envelope, also, he claims, from their
friends, and tells them that he will be in contact with
them. They do not need to tell him where they'll be;
he'll find them. Tommy takes leave of them, and, be-
fore the characters know it, has disappeared into the
crowd at the station. Jimmy Sheehan is also nowhere
to be found.

Inside the envelope are enough one-way tickets for
each of the characters to Vienna, Austria on a first-
class coach car on the Midnight Express. Have the char-
acters roll Perception + Investigation (difficulty 3) to
notice that the fine print on the tickets states that they
must be used before April 14th, which gives the char-
acters five nights to use them. Also included is a note,
reading "From Vienna, continue on to Frankfurt via
third- class coach on April 15th. Be on the golden fleece
of the mallet... you'll know what to do."

Clearly, Drake wants the characters in Vienna by
April 14th and on a third-class car heading to Frank-
furt on the 15th. This is because he knows that the
characters must board third-class to Frankfurt on the

Chapter Five:

The Price of Vengeance


15th to get onto the "Mallet," the train containing evi-
dence against Schroeck which appears on April 15th
every decade (see Remaining Evidence and Clues
above for details).

If the characters did not receive the envelope from
Tommy (for whatever reason), but they still seem in-
terested in finding the evidence, Tommy manages to
get Stillwell or another resource to give them a note:
"Take the third-class coach from Vienna to Frankfurt,
April 15th only. Be on the golden fleece of the mal-
let... and look for the Schliisse." The characters must
figure out (or find out later) that this reference is to the
car "Das Goldene Vlies" (German for "The Golden
Fleece") on the train called "The Mallet." The
"Schliisse" refers to a psychological report that contains
evidence that implicates the Anacreon Schroeck in
violating the Code of Charon.

Act i: The Ghostly Mallet

ct II takes place when the characters
decide to follow the Austrian lead.
When they do so, they quickly dis-
M| cover how many rumors the Trench
Trials have spawned, and they dis-
cover the ghostly cars of the "Mallet,"
and the evidence they contain. They
also discover two other things: that the Mallet's desti-
nation is a secret bunker in Frankfurt, and that some-
one is following them.

Scene One: How Rumors Fly.

Scene one begins when the characters board the
Midnight Express to Vienna. The first-class tickets are
for the same seats they had on the "Victoria" when they
met Tommy, although they can change these if they so
desire. Private compartment 6 has also been reserved
for them for the duration of the trip. If the characters
made their own reservations, those reservations (what-
ever they were) stand.

Throughout this scene, wraiths whisper wild rumors
of the locations of exhumed evidence — many of the
rumors unsubstantiated. The general mood of the pas-
sengers is similar to that of the prospectors during the
California goldrush; there is a lot of money to be made,
and nobody's giving away any secrets for free. Aboard
the train are also numerous Hierarchy, Renegade, and

Heretic wraiths interested in finding the evidence for
their own reasons. A few of these wraiths have been
following the characters (they were aboard the train to
Chicago and noticed the characters talking to Tommy).
During this scene, these wraiths either continue to fol-
low the characters, or they attempt to recruit, dig in-
formation out of, or intimidate the characters.

Use the following scenarios at different points
throughout the journey:

© The Bar: At the bar, three Renegades sit down
next to the characters. Even if the characters are Ren-
egades themselves, these guys do not seem particularly
congenial. They start asking the characters all sorts of
questions about their destination and belongings. The
characters are wise if they refuse to answer. If they refuse,
the Renegades return to their seats and, that night, come
to compartment 6 to rough the characters up and gather
information from them.

© The Dining Car: A stately, elderly wraith sits
down near the characters with a French newspaper, or-
ders his meal, and begins to read. He is, of course, lis-
tening intently to everything the characters say. If they
say anything about gathering evidence for the Trench
Trials, he approaches them later to find out if they would
be interested in joining in the Inquisition's hunt to find
evidence. If they are interested, he asks for their desti-
nation and digs for any information the characters might
possess. He then tells them he will meet them some-
where at their destination (whatever destination the
characters told him of). He never does meet them, but
when the characters disembark, he dispatches an In-
quisition patrol to follow them.

© The Parlor Car: A wraith in mid-1800s dress,
replete with bustle and skirts, sits down across from the
characters. After a few minutes, she strikes up conver-
sation with them, innocently asking them their desti-
nation and telling them that she is headed to Cairo,
because she heard that a long-lost page from
Nostradamus' journal resides at the bottom of one of
the pyramids. In his journal are rumored to be predic-
tions that a ghost would one day cause millions of the
living to die in a warlike catastrophe. She says she thinks
the Inquisition will give her 20 oboli for this page, if
she can find it. This rumor, of course, is one of the more
ridiculous being bandied about the train. However, this
wraith is more savvy than she appears; she is offering
this worthless knowledge in exchange for information
from the characters about other leads. She seems only
vaguely interested in the characters' destination (in an


effort to convince them that she is not trying to swindle
them), whereas in reality she is hoping for a solid lead.

¢ The Private Compartment: Ironically, this is
probably the least private place the characters can go
on the train. This is where the Renegades plan on scar-
ing the characters off. This is also where the characters
meet a Puppeteer, Anja Jensen, who wants to join them.
She is interested in finding out if trench warfare during
World War I was wraith-influenced and, if so, who to
punish. Jensen has heard that the characters are search-
ing for evidence, and so approaches them in their pri-
vate compartment late at night. Have characters roll
Perception + Occult (difficulty 6) to identify Jensen as
a Puppeteer; she has a strange accent that seems to be a
combination of Danish and Southwestern-American
accents, and a predilection for dressing in beat poet
clothes: black hiphuggers, a black and white thin-striped
scoopneck shirt, black flats, and a beret. If the charac-
ters give her a chance, she will prove a loyal compan-
ion, and a useful one, for she speaks German (if no one
else in the Circle does).

Scene Two: Alle Einsteigen! (All Aboard

Scene Two begins on the night of the 15th, when
the characters are in Vienna to board the Mallet (note
that there are plenty of opportunities to involve them
in other adventures along the way, since, if the charac-
ters are in the Necropoli of the United States, the Mid-
night Express must travel halfway around the world be-
fore it arrives in Vienna).

Emphasize the differences between the American
stations (if that's where the characters embarked) and
the Vienna one; for example, the Austrian station is
much cleaner than the American stations they have
seen. Also, the characters are surrounded by German
signs: "StraBenbahn Haltestelle," "Uberschreiten der
Gleise verboten," and "Halt: wenn das Lautewerk der
Lokomotive ertént oder die Annaherung eines Zuges
anderweitig erkennbar ist."

Despite this, the characters should have no prob-
lems finding the train; deciding what to make of
Tommy's note ("Be on the golden fleece of the mallet"
and watch for the "Schliisse") is another story. When


they get to the platform, Stillwell looks at their tickets
and directs them to the third-class cars at the end of
the train.

Because neither the Mallet nor its car "Das Goldene
Vlies" have joined the Midnight Express at this point,
characters will find no clues by which to decipher
Tommy's note. They are helped onto the last car on the
train, a third-class passenger car. The seating is far from
the elegant luxury of the "Victoria," but it is not un-
comfortable. Scarred wooden benches face each other,
pairs on each side of a central aisle. They are padded
and covered with cloth that is torn in a number of
places. The windows are large and dirty, and the train
smells musty. The passengers are not the most elegant
of folk, either, and some characters may see faces that
seem strangely familiar (roll Perception + Alertness,
difficulty 7). These faces are those of the Renegade,
Heretic, and Hierarchy wraiths who are following the
characters.

A short while later, the train shudders and starts
rolling. As it speeds up, the lights outside the windows
begin to blur together, and gradually a swirling dark-
ness surrounds the train. The characters begin to feel
uneasy, as if something were watching them.

After about 15 minutes, the characters are able to
discern white streaks in the blackness that surrounds
the windows. Suddenly, distorted, hollow faces appear
out of the dark, peering maniacally into the window
nearest the characters, and are swept away. More faces
appear and disappear, disembodied hands begin to
pound against the windows, bloodied torsos hit the sides
of the car, and the door handle at the end of the car
begins to rattle fiercely, as if something were trying to
get in. Outside, the keening of lost souls accompanies
the roaring of the winds. One of the wraiths on the
train screams in terror and huddles in the middle of the
aisle, as far from the windows as she can get. A com-
panion crouches next to her and whispers softly, trying
to calm her down. The other wraiths peer nervously at
the windows, trying not to look scared.

Suddenly the passenger car is jolted, as if something
huge hit it from behind. A cloud of green gas swirls
outside the windows of the car, and the characters can
hear wrenching cries outside the car, as if thousands of
men were dying.

Then someone knocks on the car's rear door.

Scene Three: The Golden Fleece

The wraith outside the door looks like a conduc-
tor, and he hails the characters, signaling them to let
him in. Characters considering opening the door should
roll Wits + Subterfuge (difficulty 4) to realize that the
entity on the platform outside the car is not a conduc-
tor. If someone lets it in, it is followed by a pack of
Spectres, and it hungrily begins to feed on the souls in
the car.

If no one lets the entity in, a pale light soon ap-
pears across the platform from the passenger car. Char-
acters will be able to discern that another car has joined
the Midnight Express, and that someone inside that
car is opening the door. Have characters roll Percep-
tion + Awareness (difficulty 4) to see through the Tem-
pest outside the car and into the next. Those who suc-
ceed are able to see a blond soldier dressed in a uniform
reminiscent of those worn by the German army during
World War I. He carries a rifle and aims it directly at
the conductor.

Wraiths in the line of fire should roll Dexterity +
Dodge (difficulty 6) to see if they can take cover in
time. The soldier exhibits no interest in the occupants
of the characters' car, so the characters will have no
time to parlay. After the characters roll, the soldier fires.
When the characters look up, the conductor has disap-
peared, the door of their car is swinging open, and the
soldier is retreating into the other car and has the door
half-closed. The green gas that was swirling outside the
characters' windows is gone.

At this point, characters may choose to take initia-
tive: They may simply want to close their own door to
keep the other wraiths safe, or they may want to follow
the soldier into the mystery car. At any rate, with the
door half-closed, characters may notice the ornate
marqueterie and painted design on the soldier's door
(roll Perception + Alertness, difficulty 4): a hand tri-
umphantly holding up a golden fleece. Above the de-
sign are the carved, gilded words "Das Goldene Vlies"
in gothic lettering. If Anja is with the characters and
has been told about Tommy's note, she draws the char-
acters' attention to the sign and shouts, "The Golden
Fleece!" Otherwise, characters will have to notice and
figure the sign out on their own.

a

Wraith: The Oblivion


At this point, characters have the option of board-
ing the new car (actually four cars, but they cannot see
more than a few feet because of the darkness).

if characters decide to board the Golden fleece:

The soldiers aboard the Golden Fleece are drones
whose charge is to protect the scientist Hauptman at
all costs. All of the soldiers have cauls, as does
Hauptman. (Hauptman is located on the second com-
partment coach, so characters must traverse the first
coach in order to encounter him. The two cargo cars of
the Mallet follow behind the two passenger cars.) Since
the soldiers were instructed that no one but soldiers
from the other three cars is to board the cars en route
from Dresden to Frankfurt, if the characters enter, three
of the soldiers will shoot at them with their pistols, one
of them will contact the soldier drones in the next car,
and the fifth will guard the door to Hauptman's car.

If the characters manage to peek inside the car, they
see the following: The compartment coach has a cen-
tral aisle with eight doors, four compartment doors on
either side of the aisle. Additionally, for each compart-
ment, a door opens out of the side of the car to allow

passengers to get on and off the car easily. The decor is
not fancy; there are wooden benches inside the com-
partments, and wooden shelves above the benches, on
which to store luggage. The green wood compartment
doors each have a rectangular glass window in the cen-
ter with a painted yellow sill. Because the compartment
doors open inward, the soldiers can use the compart-
ments as cover as they fire on the characters. Charac-
ters, too, will need to take cover in the compartments
if they want to move to the next car.

As soon as the soldiers realize that the characters
have entered the Golden Fleece, one of the soldiers is
dispatched to inform the next car. Simultaneously, a
second soldier moves to the last compartment to guard
the rear door. Another soldier runs across the aisle to
take a position in the compartment opposite his com-
panion, and the last soldier takes another compartment.
The three of them open fire.

Characters may retreat at this point. If they do, the
soldiers do not follow them; they simply remain on alert.
Another option the characters have is to try to climb
onto the roof of the Golden Fleece and scope out the
next few cars. In order to do this, characters must risk
being thrown out into the Tempest if they lose their


it ON os =
grip; if they do so, they are hopelessly lost in the Tem-
pest, and may experience a Harrowing. The roof of the
Golden Fleece has handgrips, but it is still slippery; have
characters trying to ride the roof roll Dexterity + Ath-
letics (difficulty 8) to crawl and hold on at the same
time. Optionally, you can also have characters roll Dex-
terity + Stealth (difficulty 6) to avoid alerting the sol-
diers inside the car to the characters' presence on the
roof (if a character fails this roll, have the soldiers start
shooting up through the roof) and to avoid attracting
Spectres.

Characters may also walk along the runners that
span the length of the car. This is probably the best
option, as they will not attract the attention of the sol-
diers, nor will the task of getting to the next car be as
difficult as using the roof. Have characters opting to do
this roll Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6) to avoid
slipping off the train, and have them roll Dexterity +
Stealth (difficulty 4) to avoid attracting the soldiers'
attention.

if the characters decide not to board the Golden
fleece:

Have characters roll Perception + Investigation
(difficulty 3) to note that the destination sign on the
Golden Fleece reads "Frankfurt." The Midnight Express
eventually stops at Frankfurt, and the passengers in the
characters' car, as well as those on the cars belonging to
the Mallet, may disembark. At this point, chi
may choose to follow the soldiers that disembark from
the Mallet's cars.

if the characters get to the "Zeitcist'

The car following the Golden Fleece, christened
the "Zeitgeist," has the same layout as the Golden
Fleece. The scientist Hauptman, sitting in the third
compartment on the left, has a soldier on either side of
him, a soldier across from him, and two soldiers stand-
ing at either end of the car, near the aisle doors. He
looks very different from the soldiers, with his academic
suit and bowtie, battered briefcase (which contains a
key to his lab in the bunker) and umbrella, and wire-
rimmed glasses. He sits quietly, hands folded on his lap,
staring at the soldier across from him. Characters no-
tice that he and the soldiers around him still have cauls.

TS

If the characters can get through to Hauptman, they
can question him. However, the soldier drones are un-


der strict orders to "kill" (discorporate) anyone (other
than members of the squadron) who enters the car, so
characters will somehow have to deal with them first.

Hauptman speaks German and broken English, and
seems to assume that the characters are some sort of
secret police. He will allow himself to be led to another
car, and, if questioned, he will talk about his mission, a
German colonel named Kliburn, and the disaster that
struck the Mallet. For information about the disaster,
see Remaining Evidence and Clues, above. Hauptman's
mission was to return to the bunker to work on im-
proving what he calls the top-secret "Chlor" project.
Characters who speak German know that "Chlor"
means "chlorine"; if none speak German, they can find
out more about this project by entering the next car, a
cargo car containing a secret shipment of the chlorine
gas canisters that Hauptman is referring to. Of course,
Hauptman warns, even they (the characters) are not
allowed in that cargo car. Hauptman also mentions that
Kliburn gave him orders to return to this project, after
temporarily pulling him off it to work on a project in-
volving the genetic engineering of soldiers. Kliburn, he
says, is one of the Kaiser's top men.

While he tells the characters that he must go to
the bunker, he warns them that they cannot come with
him. The location is top secret, and the Kaiser will per-
sonally give the orders to kill any unauthorized visi-
tors. Hauptman has no idea that he is a wraith, that the
Kaiser is long dead, or that World War I is over. At-
tempts to demonstrate this to Hauptman meet only with
a puzzled stare.

if characters enter the cargo cars

They are met with five more soldiers in each, all of
whom fiercely defend the secrets contained in the cars.
The first car contains a storehouse of the chlorine gas
canisters and artillery guns meant for use in the Second
Battle of Ypres (they never arrived, and another ship-
ment had to be made). Characters who have weaponry
knowledge, or knowledge of the military in World War
I, can identify these as canisters used to hold any of a
number of materials: magnesium, smoke, or chlorine.
On close inspection, characters can see the word
"CHLOR'" and a serial number painted on the side of
each canister.

The second car, again guarded by five soldiers, is a
deceptively innocent-appearing baggage/mail car. It is
meant for use as an end car, and has a short runner with
a sliding door on the side of the car, a small platform

connecting it to the first cargo car, barred windows, and
metal wheels that allow for interior illumination. In-
side, there is a wood-paneled room with a bar stool on
which a soldier is sitting. Behind him, there are mail
slots filled with undelivered mail. Another soldier guards
a wooden door to the baggage compartment, which
holds three more soldiers and a lot of evidence. The
baggage compartment contains the following:

© The soldiers' duffel bags.

© A desk and bookcase that are being shipped to
the bunker.

* Locked inside the desk drawers is a folder con-
taining a handwritten list of German chemical plants
during World War I that were capable in 1915 of manu-
facturing chlorine. The list reads: "Chemikalieanlagen:
Dachau, Frankfurt, Neubrandenburg, Magdeburg,
Liibeck, Chemnitz." (Chemical plants: [place names]).

Also in the folder is a draft list of eminent Ger-
man, Austrian, and German-sympathizing Swiss chem-
ists and other scientists reading: "Chemikin: Bernard
Hauptman, Helmut Auszisch, Martin von Himminburg,
Friedrich Zeppelmann. Die anderen: Jacques Kiintel,
Hans Morgen." (Chemists: [names]. The others:
[names]."

© In the folder: A list of iron manufacturing plants
reading: "Eisenanlagen: Potsdam, Dresden, Meifen, und
Chemnitz." (Iron plants: [place names].)

* Gold bars from Swiss banks in five unmarked bur-
lap bags. These bags are headed, by way of the bunker,
to Berlin, where they will be shipped to the generals in
charge of the various iron and chlorine manufacturing
plants mentioned above to cover costs.

Characters can keep any of the information in the
cargo cars, but these clues do not constitute evidence
implicating either the Consuls or Schroeck (whom they
do not know of yet). The clues contained in these cars
simply give characters background information about
high-level plans involving chemical warfare during
World War I. The real evidence is located in the bun-
ker to which Hauptman and the soldiers are headed.

Also, during this scene, keep in mind that there
are wraiths following the characters. While these
wraiths do not blithely face the soldier's bullets in the
cars of the Mallet, they will follow in the characters'
wake because they do not want to miss crucial informa-
tion. If the characters do not post guards, two of these
wraiths will slip out of the third-class passenger car and
onto the Golden Fleece. They notice each other, and

97

Chapter Five: The Price of Vengeance
a ~~


Nill,

try not to be seen, but eventually, in order to listen to
what Hauptman has to say or to get into the cargo cars,
they fight, and one is pushed off the train into the Tem-
pest. Characters should roll Perception + Awareness
(difficulty 6) to hear the brief cry the wraith makes as
she is hopelessly lost in the Tempest. The second wraith
retreats to the roof of the car to hide.

Scene Fours The Bunker

Scene four begins when the characters follow
Hauptman and the soldiers to the bunker just outside
of Frankfurt. When the Midnight Express stops in
Frankfurt, the only cars that allow passengers to disem-
bark are the third-class passenger car that the charac-
ters originally boarded, "Das Goldene Vlies," the "Zeit-
geist," and the Mallet's two cargo cars.

Any soldiers that remain shuffle Hauptman into a
horse-drawn coach. Three soldiers climb into the coach
with Hauptman, while the other soldiers retrieve the
cargo, which they begin loading into two other cov-
ered, horse-drawn carts. As soon as the last of the cargo
is unloaded, the four trains suddenly disappear. (This
will only happen if the cargo is completely unloaded

from the train; otherwise, the cars remain permanently
attached to the Midnight Express.) The coach that car-
ries Hauptman and the soldiers leaves immediately.

Characters will have to find some means of keep-
ing up with the coach, which may be easy, since the
Necropolis of Frankfurt has taxis. The soldiers open fire
if they see the characters tailing them, however.

The coach heads out of the Necropolis in a south-
westerly direction, through some suburbs and onto
winding country roads. The terrain gradually grows hilly,
then rocky, with occasional thick stands of trees. A
gloom seems to fall over the landscape. There are no
wraiths in sight. However, if characters roll Perception
+ Alertness (difficulty 7), they begin to feel edgy, as if
someone is watching them. Have characters roll a sec-
ond time to determine whether or not they see the ma-
chine gun nests in time; if not, they are surprised when
two machine gun nests open fire on them (if they are
seen), and they are caught in the crossfire. If this hap-
pens, the driver of the coach whips his horse, and the
coach takes off at a frightening speed.

About half an hour later, the coach comes to a stop
at a clearing in the woods. Two soldiers approach the


coach, speak briefly with the driver, then pull away a
leafy, camouflaged gate. The coach seems to dissolve
into the shrubs and trees. Inside is a fenced area with a
cave in the middle. The cave forms the entrance to the
bunker, and is heavily guarded. Note that this site, in-
cluding the perimeter and the underground bunker, is
actually a Haunt, and many of the items inside the bun-
ker correspond to existing physical items in the real
world. In particular, Kliburn's psychological report and
letters to Hauptman, as well as Hauptman's laboratory,
have not been touched since late 1914.

Inside the bunker's perimeter, the coach stops and
Hauptman and the soldiers get out. Surrounding
Hauptman, the soldiers escort him to the mouth of the
cave, where one of them hands a guard a piece of paper.
The guard looks at it briefly, nods, and opens the cave's
gate. What the characters don't know is that this lo-
cale is crawling with Spectres. The guard that allows
Hauptman to enter is a Spectre, as are many of the
drones inside the bunker. The gloom in this section of
the forest is deep and should remind characters of the
Tempest's darkness.

Also recall that the characters have a retinue of
about four or five wraiths following them, including an
Inquisition patrol. If they get themselves into trouble
and there is obviously evidence to be found, you can
opt to use these wraiths as support in combat against
the Spectres.

Characters who manage to get into the bunker en-
ter a labyrinth of chemical labs, with scientist drones
working busily at each. Two soldiers stand guard in each
lab, while guards are posted every 30 feet in the central
hallway. Hauptman and his soldier drones take a left at
the end of the corridor, walk past two additional labo-
ratory doors (all of these are steel-reinforced) and stop
at the door at the end of this short corridor.

Hauptman retrieves a key from his briefcase and
opens the door. One guard remains outside the door,
while the other two follow Hauptman in and position
themselves on either side of the door. A Spectre posts
himself along the short hallway.

Hauptman goes to his desk (an actual physical item
in the real world), wipes a finger across the dust that
has accumulated there (without displacing the dust),
and begins to shuffle papers. He continues this drone-
like action until the "Zeitgeist" rides again (a hellish
fate indeed).

Hauptman's lab is extremely important, for it con-
tains physical evidence, untouched since World War I,

&
that implicates the Anacreon Schroeck. Characters who
investigate this room discover the following:

© Hauptman's files, including a typed account of
Hauptman's discovery of chlorine, and a handwritten
note from Kliburn to Hauptman, dated 1907, asking if
poisonous gasses could be contained in portable metal
canisters that could explode on impact. Also: whether
or not this would be an extraordinarily difficult weapon
to produce.

© The Schliisse that Tommy warned the charac-
ters to watch for: a copy of Kliburn's psychological re-
port recommending that he be admitted to an asylum,
anda full report of his delusions with details about how
the "ghost Maximilian Schroeck" appeared to him to
tell him about chlorine canisters and machine guns.
Details such as the ghost's appearance are also reported
in accurate detail (of course, the "ghost" wasn't
Schroeck, but Drake in disguise). These papers are
physical evidence, so characters wishing to take them
must find a way of transporting this evidence. Hauptman
has this information because he knew Kliburn fairly
well, and was asked to verify the information contained
in the report. See Kliburn, Helmut:
Psychologischprofil — Schliisse (Psychological Pro-
file of Helmut Kliburn—Conclusions) below.

¢ Kliburn, Helmut: Psychologischprofil — Schliisse

The following note is in German. If none of the
characters remember that they were to watch for the
"Schliisse," have them roll Intelligence + Investigation
(difficulty 5) to determine that this is a vital piece of
evidence. If the characters don't know German and
Anja isn't with them, they can still identify it as some-
thing that Tommy wanted. The end of the note (trans-
lated) reads:

"It is therefore my recommendation that
Helmut Kliburn be admitted to the Heidelburg
Asylum for the duration of his career. His repeated
accusations of a ghost he calls "Maximilian
Schroeck" are obviously the result of an overworked
mind, and unfortunately, he can no longer be
counted among the reliable servants of the Kaiser.

Sadly,

Doctor Friedrich Himmler

(P.S. Herr Hauptman: Please reply as re-
quested.)"

Other pages detailing Kliburn's reports (and clearly
implicating Schroeck) are paperclipped to the Schliisse.


Five: The Asylum (Optional)
While Act II officially ends when the characters
discover the Schliisse and make their way out of the
bunker, characters may still want to investigate Kliburn's
exile to the Heidelburg asylum and subsequent death.

In short, at the asylum, they discover that Kliburn
was shipped to the Heidelburg sanitarium ten months
after he was admitted to the asylum. The asylum con-
tains copies of Kliburn's psychological reports (impli-
cating Schroeck) and a document dated the same month
as Kliburn was shipped to the sanitarium, stating that
Kliburn was in perfect physical health.

At the sanitarium, characters can find a copy of
Kliburn's death certificate, stating that he died of a heart

attack at the age of 40.
vvy

Act Ill Repercussions

gq) n Act III, the characters return with
evidence implicating Schroeck that
they may or may not understand. Any
wraiths that continue to follow the
characters try to relieve the charac-
ters of the evidence. Finally, the char-
acters return to the Necropolis of
Boston with the evidence in hand and have to figure
out what to do with it.

Act III begins when the characters board the Mid-
night Express to return home. At this point, there are a
number of issues to be resolved:

* How does Charon's Inquisition plan to retrieve
the evidence?

* Schroeck's spies have been scouring Germany for
evidence relating to the Trench Trials, and they have
discovered the role that the characters have played.
What is Schroeck going to do about the characters and
the evidence?

© What is Schroeck's Shadow going to try to pre-
vent him from doing?

© Will Schroeck inform the Consuls of this devel-
opment? If so, what will the Consul and his Shadow
do?

© What will Drake do?

© Will York get involved?

© Will the soldiers whose lives were sacrificed in
the war as a result of the Consul's (or Schroeck's, de-

pending on what gets revealed) actions, and who sub-

sequently became wraiths, get involved?

As Storyteller, you should decide how much im-
pact you want the evidence against Schroeck to have
in your chronicle. Deposing the First Consul of War is
a historic event; deposing Schroeck, a minor historical
event. Keep in mind, however, that if Schroeck were
to go down, he would not want to go down alone. He
would drag the Consul down with him, if he could. Here
are some guidelines on how to handle the repercussions
of the evidence that the characters unearth:

© The Inquisition plants spies aboard the charac-
ters' train to steal the evidence. The spies will try not
to resort to violence, since they fear the wrath of Nicho-
las, the Ferryman who runs the train. If they succeed
in stealing the evidence, the Inquisition immediately
publicizes the evidence and summons Schroeck to court.

¢ Schroeck has threatened the First Consul of War
with exposure. In exchange for silence, he requires two
of the Consul's Artificers, who are awaiting the char-
acters at their destination. These Artificers mostly want
the evidence, which they destroy immediately upon
acquiring. If they get the chance to smelt the charac-
ters down... well, so much the better. Schroeck has also
placed several Legionnaires aboard to wrest the evidence
from the characters.

© Schroeck's Shadow has hired an Artificer and
several Legionnaires to (ironically enough) capture and
smelt down the Artificers that are after the characters.
Schroeck's Shadow wants to destroy him. If Shadow's
wraiths get the evidence, they have instructions to pass
it along to the Inquisition immediately.

© If you want to involve the Consul, you can have
him plant his own personnel aboard the Midnight Ex-
press. Their primary goal is to destroy the evidence.

* Drake can appear and help the characters out if
you wish; he simply appears again, Moliated into an-
other disguise, and tells the characters that he is a friend
of Tommy O'Hallahan's. Since Drake knows German,
he can translate the documents at this time if neces-
sary. He will not reveal his identity until he is assured
that Schroeck and whoever else should have been in-
volved in the Trench Trials have been discorporated.

© Unless he has a good reason to do so, York will
not get involved. However, you may want Schroeck to
accuse York of involvement in the affair. If this is so,
York, too, will try to destroy the evidence in exchange
for Schroeck's silence.

100 Wraith: The Oblivion
0 +e


¢ Anja and her associates avidly oppose
otherworldly involvement in mortal affairs. During the
Trench Trials, they were among the Inquisition's big-
gest supporters, not because they had a vendetta against
the Consuls, but because they wanted to see justice
done. If Anja is involved, characters can obtain the
direct support of the Puppeteer network, including a
Puppeteer escort from the Shadowlands to Stygia, where
the second round of the Trench Trials will take place.

© Optionally, you can have a scholarly wraith dis-
cover and publicize the connection implicit in the book
Renaissance Dreams just as the characters are returning
to the States. This discovery implicates the First Con-
sul of War, and is enough to spur the Inquisition into
summoning the Consul to court.

¢ Also optionally, you can have the wraiths who
died in World War I hear of the above developments
and organize a protest in which they demand safe pas-
sage for the characters. Such highly publicized events
are unlikely to go ignored.

Whatever the chain of events, characters should
be made aware that fighting corruption is a dangerous,
but ultimately worthwhile, game. If the characters man-
age to publicize their findings before having them sto-
len, they receive the promised rewards (which were not
Drake's creative fictions): 20 oboli from the Inquisi-
tion, status, honor, and so forth. Be as generous as you
like.

If they do not succeed, but gave it their best shot,
Drake rewards them as he can; choose something that
the characters in your game would like to receive, or
perhaps make him an unknown mentor or ally of the
characters. If Schroeck gets away with the evidence,
God knows the characters will need an ally....

Characters

a O Hallahan (Drake)

fe] o one knows when Drake first ap-
peared in the Shadowlands, nor do

| they know who he was when he was

alive. All they know is that he must

| have been an exceptional individual.

as Some speculate that he was an En-

glish adventurer in the early Renais-

sance, others that he was a gunslinger in the Old West.

Chapter Five: The Price of Vengeance


What is generally known is that in the early 20th
century, the First Consul of War declared Drake an
outlaw. Drake once worked for Schroeck's servants, not
knowing that the wraith he served was Schroeck him-
self, a bitter enemy. When things started to go wrong,
Schroeck used his influence within the Hierarchy to
declare Drake an outlaw to be captured and
discorporated.

Knowing that he was on the Anacreon's hit list,
Drake disappeared, traveling incognito throughout the
Shadowlands for years. Recently, he has resurfaced, still
incognito, to enact vengeance upon Schroeck for his
betrayal and hypocrisy.

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Almost anything (he's a good actor)
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Awareness 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Acting 5, Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Lead-
ership 4, Melee 2, Performance 1, Sailing 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Investigation 1, Linguis-
tics (German, French, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish,
Russian, Mandarin) 5, Medicine 1, Occult 1, Politics 4
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifacts: whatever you wish,
Eidolon 3, Haunt 5, Memoriam 1, Notoriety 4
Passions: Fight Injustice (Anger) 5, Protect Others from
Victimization (Hope) 5

Arcanos: Argos 5, Embody 4, Fatalism 2, Keening 3,
Moliate 5, Phantasm 5, Usury 1

Fetters: None

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 9

Angst: 5

Shadow: Director

Thorns: Shadow Traits (+2 Intimidation)

Shadow Passions: Undermine Authority (Hate) 4

Anja Jensen

A Danish singer who was traveling in Germany at
the time of her death (1870), Anja became a natural at
Puppetry over the years. She loves this discipline be-
cause it allows her to continue to practice her singing
among mortals; she has become very practiced at over-
riding her host's speech centers and creating hauntingly
beautiful music. She is the envy of many Chanteurs.
She is also the enemy of those who force mortals to do
ugly things, and hence she is very involved in the
Trench Trials, and a willing assistant to the characters.
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Awareness 2, Brawl 1,
Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Expression 1, Streetwise 1, Sub-
terfuge 2
Skills: Acting 1, Etiquette 4, Leadership 1, Perfor-
mance 4, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 1, Linguis-
tics (English, German, Danish, Norwegian, French) 5,
Medicine 1, Politics 1
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Eidolon 5, Mentor 1,
Memoriam 2, Wealth 3

Wraith: The Oblivion
a Ss, =


Passions: Protect mortals from interference (Hope) 4,

Fight injustice (Anger) 2
Arcanos: Puppetry 4, Keening 2

Fetters: Clubs in Munich, Antwerp, Copenhagen,
Zurich, Vienna, and Salzburg where she used to sing, 1
each; a sapphire brooch given to her by her mother,
now in the possession of a cousin in Antwerp, 3

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 10

Angst: 5

Shadow: Perfectionist

Thorns: Pact of Doom (+2 Keening)

Shadow Passions: Live vicariously through mortals

(Lust) 4

Chapter Five: The Price of Vengeance

103


Shadow Play

Hunched fetal in the corner of my soul

My fingernails are bleeding from climbing up the walls
This time you really hurt me, right down to the core
And I'm desperately trying to find a reason to forgive

you for it all.

— Fish, "Shadow Play"

n this story, the characters are pitted
fi| against the most dangerous nemesis
of all, their own Shadows. The story
is suitable for play with one or more
wraiths, but would be best for a smaller
group, so the Storyteller can give more
individual attention to each player. In
this episode, the characters confront both their inner
selves and their past and, hopefully, learn a little bit
about themselves. Of course, all this does not happen
for naught; for some reason or other, the characters have
attracted the attention of Nicholas, the Ferryman who
guides the train. He feels that they may be ready to
begin the path toward Transcendence, but wishes to
test them first, to make certain that he is correct. He
calls these the tests of Self, Selflessness and Patience.
It should also be noted that Nicholas is testing the char-
acters to determine their suitability for the particular
path to Transcendence that he espouses; it is certainly
possible to possess completely different morals and still
achieve Transcendence.

The events of this story all take place on the Mid-
night Express. The characters have boarded the train
for whatever reason the Storyteller desires, when events
begin to unfold. Before Nicholas begins to guide them
on the path, he has decided to put them through sev-
eral tests in order to prove their readiness. If the char-
acters are at least marginally successful in each of these
tests, they will be accepted by Nicholas, and he will
give them clues which could help guide them toward
Transcendence. After this first series of tests, the char-
acters will find themselves returning to the Midnight
Express for one reason or another, at which time Nicho-
las will contact them again (though probably in a dif-
ferent guise) to help them further along.

Theme

The theme of this story is that of the test. As great
heroes of Greek myth are often tested by their gods,
the characters are being tested by a Ferryman to prove
their readiness for Transcendence. Though the charac-

Chapter Six: Shadow Play 105


ters should be unaware that they are being tested, the
feeling should be pervasive throughout the story.

Mood

The mood of this story is a mix of comedy with
suspicion and frustration at the beginning part of the
story, evolving to darkly sinister toward the end as the
characters confront their Shadows. The characters will
most likely be wondering why all of these events are
happening, possibly even suspecting that any number
of enemies are responsible for the events. Especially after
the initial attack, the characters will probably be on
their toes, and by the time they meet their Shadows
they will most probably be prepared for just about any-
thing. The episode with Bubbles should provide a bit
of comedic relief, at least until his pranks turn serious.

The Plot

Scene One: The characters board the Midnight
Express for their own reasons, though in reality they
are being manipulated by Nicholas. While relaxing in
one of the cars, they encounter a pleasant old lady
named Agatha, who a

ks them to accompany her to
mbark from. She admits that

the car where she must dis
she is terrified of some of the dark cars in between. As-
suming the characters accompany her, they are attacked
by several black-shrouded wraiths. The attackers focus
their attacks on Agatha, forcing the characters to de-
fend her. If they do not, they fail this first part of the
test.

Scene Two: When returning from escorting
Agatha, the characters pass through the circus car. Here
they meet Bubbles, who at first appears quite normal,
then becomes steadily more deranged, playing poten-
tially fatal pranks on them. If they try to leave the car,
they find it is impossible. If the characters are tolerant
of Bubbles' behavior they pass, but if they instead at-
tack Bubbles, they fail.

Scene Three: In this final stage of the test, which
takes place in the boxcar, the characters confront their
own Shadows. This is the ultimate test of the charac-
ters' readiness for Transcendence. In this test, each char-
acter confronts the full power of her Shadow and is
forced to vanquish it, if possible.

Scene Four: The characters are approached by
Nicholas, regardless of whether they pass or fail the test.
If they have failed, he will discuss their faults and the

106 Wraith: The Oblivion

LC AS
} sti


points where they failed (at least as he perceives them).
He will even go so far as to tell them that they were
being tested and that they failed, though he will not
reveal to them who he is. If they are successful, he will
give them valuable advice that may help them in
achieving Transcendence.

Soente One: Selflessness

is true that we are in great danger,

{| The greater therefore should our courage
be.

— Shakespeare, King Henry

The story opens with the charac-
ters on board the Midnight Express. They may have
come aboard for any reason, although to increase the
drama of the story, it would be best if the characters
were simply using the train to travel from one point to
another.

The characters can be in any part of the train when
they are approached by a kindly old woman, who strikes
up aconversation with them. She introduces herself as
Agatha, and begins to tell the characters that she is
visiting a living relative of hers in a far-away city (the
Storyteller may chose any appropriate city), which is
her destination. She goes into great detail about this
relative unless the characters distract her with some-
thing else. Regardless, before the characters manage to
disentangle themselves from her meandering stories, she
asks "a small favor" of them. She tells them that she
must depart the train from a different car, and is some-
what nervous about traveling through some of the dark
and drafty cars that lie between.

"Who knows what kind of hoodlums lurk in those
cars, just waiting for a lone person like myself to come
through," she says.

She then proceeds to ask them to accompany her.
If they suggest that she ask for assistance from the con-
ductor, she shakes her head, saying that she doesn't want
to be a bother and that she will just go on all by herself.
Wrapping her shawl about her, she gets up and begins
to walk slowly down the aisle. If the characters let her
go off alone, they have failed the first part of Nicholas'
test.

Assuming the characters accompany Agatha, they
pass through several cars uneventfully, with Agatha say-

ing, "I believe it's the next one" each time. Finally, the
characters enter into a large drafty boxcar, full of crates
and boxes (they are all empty). The Storyteller should
have each of the players make a Perception + Alert-
ness roll against a difficulty of eight.

The character hears a faint noise from
behind one of the crates.

The character notices movement.
The character notices several wraiths
hiding near the center of the car.

1 Success

2 Successes
3+ Successes

When the characters, with Agatha, reach the cen-
ter of the car, they are attacked by several wraiths, or
rather Agatha is attacked. Any character who made
one or more successes may make a Wits + Alertness
roll for initiative at difficulty 4 to react, the rest are
automatically surprised. The wraiths charge forward in
an attempt to grab Agatha and spirit her away. They
ignore any characters who do not get in the way, though
they will fight to defend themselves. If the characters
are persistent enough in attacking them, they will turn
their attacks on the characters instead.

This entire attack is staged by Nicholas in what he
calls a test of Selflessness.

The number of attackers equals the number of
wraiths plus one. They are all of the train guard and are
under orders from Nicholas. Garbed in black shrouds,
they are a foreboding presence. They will fight until
one of them falls or until they lose half their Corpus, as
their intent is not to discorporate the characters, but to
make them prove their willingness to defend Agatha.
Throughout the fight, Agatha cowers behind the char-
acters, apparently helpless to defend herself.

If the characters fail to protect Agatha, then they
have failed this part of the test, though Nicholas will
take into consideration the actions of each individual.
Assuming the characters successfully protect Agatha
from her attackers, they may proceed without incident
to the car of her destination. If Agatha is questioned
about the attack, she will seem to be as baffled as the
characters, claiming to have no idea who they were or
why they attacked her. Assuming the characters have
defended her, she takes her leave of them with a wink
and asmile, calling out, "Safe journey! And remember,
my friends, that your good deeds do not go unheeded.
With patience, all things are possible."

108

Wraith: The Oblivion

Scene Two: Patience
pon the heat and flame of thy distemper

Sprinkle cool patience
—Shakespeare, Hamlet IIL.iv.123

‘ By the time they have gotten

q) Agatha to her car, the characters re-
= alize that they have little time to
make it to their car to disembark. While hurrying back
to their car, they have to travel through the circus car.
There they encounter Bubbles, who is in a particularly
talkative mood. He tries to engage the characters in
conversation as they hurry through. Make sure to stress
to them that if they tarry, they may well miss their stop.
If, despite this, the characters are willing to listen to
Bubbles, they automatically pass the test, though they
will definitely miss their stop.

If the characters try to hurry on past him, they find
the door to the next car opens to reveal another door.
If this door is opened, there is another door beyond and
so on. Bubbles begins laughing hysterically at the char-
acters' predicament, stopping only once the character
stops trying to open more doors.

"So, I guess you have time to talk," he says, his voice
dripping with sarcasm.

He then begins asking the characters questions, test-
ing their beliefs. He asks them if they believe in Tran-
scendence. Negative responses are countered with one
of Bubbles' practical jokes. The

e jokes should be rela-
tively harmless at first; getting squirted in the face with
a trick pen and the like. He continues to ask questions
of the characters, such as: What is your destination?
How do you plan to get there? Why are you on this
journey? Do you think that you can get there without a
guide? "There are many different ways of reaching your
destination," he tells them. He asks 12 questions in all,
each harder than the last. Any who respond "incor-
rectly" are gifted with one of Bubbles' practical jokes,
each more serious than the last, until the final one,

which should be quite dangerous.

As the final joke is played, the train comes to a
screeching halt; the characters have missed their stop.
While the train is in the Shadowlands, no doors to this
car will open, no matter what the characters do to try
to open them. Bubbles will immediately begin begging
the characters' forgiveness. He actually begins crying
and berating himself, saying, "How could I have been


so rude as to delay you," and going on and on about
how rude he has been. If the characters forgive him, he
will sniffle a little, wipe his nose and say, "Thanks,"
with a big tear rolling down his cheek.

Once the train re-enters the Tempest, the players
are able to leave the car with ease. The door between
cars swings open, revealing the dark recesses of the box-

scene Thee; el

hat made me think I could start clean
slated?
The hardest to learn was the least com-
plicated.

— Indigo Girls, "Least Com-
plicated"

In this scene, the characters are thrust into a Har-
rowing in which, ultimately, they must confront and
conquer their own Shadows. This scene, though not
necessarily physically damaging to the characters, could
prove to be the most dangerous test Nicholas has pre-
pared for them. The first two parts of the scene are con-
ducted exactly as one would a normal Harrowing; how-
ever, these are just to set the stage for the final event.
In the end stage of the Harrowing, the characters must
directly overcome their Shadows, who try to trick them
into destructive paths. Fortunately, all the characters
are present in this scene, so the other members of the
characters' Circle will be able to aid whoever is being
Harrowed, which in fact is a vital part of the test.

Upon entering the boxcar, the characters hear the
faint whimpering of Marie, who is crouched in the shad-
ows in the corner of the car. As the last of the charac-
ters enters the train, the door slams shut and locks, trap-
ping them in the car. Marie murmurs softly, "The Dark-
ness is coming again... and nothing is as it was." Then,
as if on cue, Marie begins to scream, wailing until her
voice has reached a deafening pitch. Then all is silent.
Looking around, each of the characters finds himself in
a different scene.

Each character will be in a scene that in some way
involves one of their strongest Fetters. They will be in
the place or time in which they were happiest and the
most content with their lives. The Storyteller should
play out this scene for a short period, allowing the char-
acter to interact with loved ones from days past and to

Chapter Si Shadow Play

109

become very relaxed. Then, without warning, things
begin to go horribly wrong; the scene changes to some-
thing out of a grade B horror flick, with loathsome crea-
tures appearing from the most unlikely places to slaugh-
ter the characters' loved ones and to attack her as well.
Abilities have almost no use in this scene, though the
Storyteller may allow the character to make rolls any-
way, only to have whatever the character was trying to
do thwarted in some horrible manner — if trying to
shove someone away from one creature, she may inad-
vertently shove the person into the gaping maw of a far
more hideous beast.

The character may, however, alter the course of the
vision through use of Eidolon. The greater the number
of successes, the more that can be changed in a given
attempt, though the horror of the vision should never
be able to be completely overcome, no matter how many
successes are rolled. If any successes are gained, the char-
acter will be forced to chose between protecting herself
or one of her loved ones. This is what Nicholas will be
examining most closely. Even if the character does not
have Eidolon, what she attempts to do is more impor-
tant than what she does do.

Just as one of the creatures is about to devour the
character, the scene ends, leaving her shaken, but oth-
erwise unharmed, back in the boxcar where it began.
Most will think that the Harrowing is over at this point,
but in many ways it has just begun. Each of the charac-
ters will now have to confront her Shadow, and over-
come it in order to fully pass the Test. Each character's
Shadow, starting with the one with the highest Angst
score, manifests in an attempt to trick the character
into following the road to Oblivion. Each Shadow will
have a different method of going about this, depending
upon the Archetype of the Shadow. As with the end of
a Harrowing, each test may be passed, failed or botched
depending upon how the character reacts. The follow-
ing are several possible ways in which a Shadow may
manifest. Unless stated otherwise, the Shadow appears
as a warped and twisted version of the character and
has the same statistics, plus any Thorns the Shadow
possesses. It is left to the Storyteller's discretion as to
how much power the Shadow has in this situation; for
example, can it really grant the things it offers? Some
of the actions the characters are required to take may
seem contradictory to some of the previous tests (espe-
cially as in the case of the Martyr).

© The Abuser shadow immediately begins to in-
flict physical harm upon another member of the wraiths'

Circle, usually the one the character likes the least. The
character may succeed in the challenge and defeat his
Shadow by simply standing up to it, and demanding
that it stop the abuse at once. Physically attacking the
Shadow causes the character to fail, while allowing it
to continue and not interfering is a botch.

¢ The Director whispers to the character that the
others are too weak to act in this situation, and that it
is necessary to organize them. Obviously they are inca-
pable of thinking for themselves. The first step is to
search Marie, the Director whispers, for she has a key
that will unlock the doors and allow the character to
escape. The character must ignore these suggestions in
order to pass, while ordering others to search Marie is a
failure, and attacking her is a botch.

The Freak reveals every dark and perverse secret
the character possesses, parading them in front of the
other characters. He tells stories, makes off-color jokes,
and even shows pictures of past deeds of which the char-
acter is deeply ashamed. In order to succeed, the char-
acter must admit to the acts which are shown to the
others and acknowledge his past misdeeds. If he lies
about the truth of these things, or tries to conceal it by
making excuses, he fails. If he at any point attacks his
Shadow, he botches.

¢ The Leech takes the character off to the side and
offer whatever it is that the character desires most,
whether it be wealth, revenge upon an enemy, the re-
turn of a loved one, whatever. The only catch is that
the character must sacrifice one of her Circle to
Oblivion. In order to succeed, the character must pa-
tently refuse to offer. If the character attempts to nego-
tiate, she fails. If she accepts the offer, she botches.

¢ The Martyr causes the images of the monsters
from when the characters first entered the boxcar to
appear and begin attacking the other characters. The
character realizes that unless he intercedes, essentially
throwing himself to the creatures, his companions are
doomed. If the character does anything but directly
confront the monsters, he succeeds; he may even go so
far as to create a distraction, but cannot engage the
monsters directly. If he attacks the monsters directly,
obviously suicidal, he fails. If he simply throws himself
to the beast, he botches.

© The Monster manifests in the form of a person
from the character's past, who tries to incite the char-
acter to acts of violence, whether it is physical or ver-
bal. It does this by taunting the character, picking on
those faults that the character is most sensitive to, or

by insulting those beloved of the character. If she ig-
nores these insults, she is successful. If she flees from
the taunts of her Shadow, she fails. If she physically
attacks the apparition, she has botched.

¢ The Parent first warns the character of the hor-
rors that await the character if he remains on the train.
It then offers the character escape from these horrors...
however, he must leave his friends behind. Only he can
be helped. In order to succeed, he must ignore the
Parent's offer of assistance, and stand with his friends
against whatever is to come. He fails if he even attempts
to negotiate, and a willingness to leave denotes a botch.

© The Perfectionist employs similar tactics to the
Freak. It appears in the form of a hated teacher, or some
other disliked authority figure from the character's child-
hood, and begins to describe, in detail, every flaw the
character possesses. The character must quietly ac-
knowledge every single one of these faults in order to
succeed. If she denies or tries to rationalize any of them,
she fails. If she at any time attacks the image of the
Shadow, she botches.

© The Pusher offers the character the use of any
Arcanos he desires, at any level, to allow him to es-
cape. If the character refuses, he succeeds. If he accepts
the offer, he fails. If he accepts the offer and tries to use
the power for reasons other than escape, such as to get
vengeance on an enemy, he botches.

© The Rationalist calmly sits down, and proceeds
to map out a number of different ways that the charac-
ter can escape the situation. All the proposed solutions
involve abandoning or harming other characters, or sur-
rendering to Oblivion, but the Rationalist insists that
"the ends justify the means when your existence is on
the line." If the character accepts the logic and attempts
to follow through, she botches. If she attempts to argue
the point with her Shadow (a completely implacable
opponent), she fails. It is only by taking a stand based
on faith rather than logic, and by having faith in her
own power to make decisions that the character may
succeed in this test.

Only if the character botches or fails is there any
immediate effect. A failure feeds the character's Shadow,
increasing its temporary Angst by one, and increasing
the chances of her being taken over by her Shadow
while in the boxcar. A botch is really serious. In such
cases, the Shadows' temporary Angst increases by two
and the character has a chance of losing the Fetter that
was involved in the initial part of the character's Har-
rowing. The character must make a resisted roll of her

Chapter Six: Shadow Play _ iil


gains more successes, the Fetter is reduced in rating by
one for every extra success the Shadow makes.

Revelation

he final outcome of this story largely
depends upon how the characters re-
sponded to the various tests, though
| no matter what the case, Nicholas
will come to them and tell them that
they were being tested because he felt
that they were ready for Transcendence. He will also
state that his purpose in testing them was to see if their
beliefs were similar enough to his own that he could
guide them toward Transcendence. If pressed, he will
admit that his is not the only path, and that it is not
the right way for everyone. If any members of the Circle
are particularly strong in Eidolon, or if they have an
especially clear code of personal ethics, Nicholas will
grant that their own path is better-suited to them than
his would be.

If they failed every part of the test, he will be quite
annoyed, and will only say that he is disappointed, and
that unless they change their ways, they are on the path
to Oblivion.

If only some of them failed or they only partially
failed, then he will at least begin to guide them toward
the right path, if they wish to listen. He will go over
the points where they failed and try to help point them
in the right direction. If any among the group passed,
he will congratulate them, and charge them with the
task of bringing the other members of their Circle
around. He will explain that those within a Circle are
bound to one another, and that they must do their best
to help each other.

If all members of the Circle passed the test, then
Nicholas will announce that they are ready to begin on
his path toward Transcendence. Certainly, they may still
have a long way to go, but they are on their way. He
will impart some hints on how to go about achieving
Transcendence, though this should only be enough to
get the characters started. He will talk of resolving ties
to their previous lives, and will state that they must
make peace with those things that still haunt them.

"Before one can find Transcendence," he will say,
"one must conquer one's inner hopes and fears and come
to peace with the self."

Bubbles

=e

Bubbles

Charles, which is his real name, always wanted to
be a clown from the first time he saw one at a visiting
circus when he was 8 years old. Knowing that his par-
ents would never agree to this career path, because he
was destined to take over the family farm, he ran away
at the age of 16 to join the circus. The circus offered
the kind of freedom and excitement he had always de-
sired, far better than the dreary life bf a farmer.

After two years away from his family, Charles told
the circus master that he intended to go home to visit
his family in Illinois after the show in Baltimore. As
the circus train rumbled down the tracks toward Balti-
more, Charles lay in bed, thinking of seeing his little
sister once again and wondering how his parents would
react. He knew his mother would be forgiving, but his
father...

Then it was over, Charles was dead.

Upon his death, Charles could not face returning
to see his family, choosing instead to remain on the
train where he died. The shock of dying before he was
able to return home, combined with the fact that he
felt that he was being punished for the sin of disobey-
ing his parents, took its toll on his sanity. He was raised
ina very religious family, and his faith in God has helped
to sustain him throughout his time in the Shadowlands.

112

vion


would have to prove himself to be admitted into
Heaven.

Bubbles' beliefs brought him to the attention of sev-
eral Heretics who frequented the train. He quickly be-
came a follower of their doctrines, and even serves them
at times by pointing out possible recruits and potential
enemies of the faction. Bubbles enjoys his privacy and
uses his Pandemonium Arcanos quite frequently to keep
unwanted visitors out of the circus car. These pranks
range from quite harmless (the room fills with whipped
cream and cherries), to potentially dangerous (jets of
flame shoot from the walls and random objects spin
about the room).

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Jester

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Charisma 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2

Skills: Drive 1, Melee 2, Performance 4, Pickpocket 3,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 1, Occult 1
Backgrounds: Status (Heretics) 3

Passions: Bring others to share your belief in God
(Faith) 3, Escape from punishment (Fear) 3

Arcanos: Castigate 2, Inhabit 3, Moliate 4, Pandemo-
nium 5

Fetters: None

Willpower: 7

Shadow: The Abuser

Angst: 6

Thorns: Bad Luck

Image: In his natural form, he looks to be nothing more
than a plain-looking, if rather tall and lanky, adoles-
cent. However, he has Moliated his form so that he
continually appears as he did while wearing his clown
costume, complete with an insane grin painted on a
white face, a bulbous nose and huge flat feet.
Roleplaying Hints: You never appear to take anything
seriously and prank those around you incessantly. Deep
down you are quite tortured though; you think that you
have been condemned to purgatory, which causes you
a great deal of strife. Sometimes this is too much for
you to bear and the full brunt of your fury is released
upon whatever unfortunate individual is present.

Life had never been easy for Marie. She was born
to a poor family, who barely had enough money to put
food on the table for their five children, yet somehow
they managed to survive. Marie grew from a gangling
young girl into a beautiful young woman. Her beauty
allowed her to find a good husband, a wealthy industri-
alist who could take her away from the poverty and
misery she had always known. Six months after the wed-
ding, Marie announced that she was pregnant, and it
was only two months later that her husband announced
that he was broke. The new engine he had sunk all of
his resources into didn't work, at least not as well as
another produced by a rival company. As the debts be-
gan to rise, he became more and more frantic, until
one evening Marie returned home from the market to
find that he had hung himself.

Broken and distraught, she returned to her family's
home, where she remained locked in her room for sev-
eral weeks, letting no one in to see her. Three months
after her return home, Marie gave birth to a baby boy.
Joshua, as she named him after his father, came to be
her pride and joy, the only thing that kept her from
sliding back into her deep depression. Two weeks after
Joshua's birth, the Nazis came. Marie and her entire
family were boarded on a train bound for Dachau, only
once the train arrived, it was not unloaded. The train


was so cramped that the passengers had to take turns
standing so that there was enough room. During the
endless journey Marie stood or sat huddled in one cor-
ner of the train, her child cradled in her arms. As the
train sat, day after day in the blistering summer, people
began to pass away from dehydration and exhaustion.
Marie saw her own father die in her mother's arms, and
then her own Joshua died soon after, yet she continued
to cradle him in her arms until the darkness came for
her.

Since her death, Marie has seen no reason to re-
turn to the mortal world that treated her so harshly. In
fact, she has seen no reason to do anything but sit alone
in her corner, where she is undisturbed by anyone. If
anyone does disturb her, she reacts more out of instinct,
using her Moliate ability to frighten others away in an
attempt to preserve her peace, then she simply goes back
to her quiet introspection.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3

Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 1

eet NC), een,

Backgrounds: Eidolon 1

Passions: Destroy Nazis (Anger) 3, Make others know
your despair (Sorrow) 4

Arcanos: Castigate 2, Moliate 5

Fetters: None

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Martyr

Angst: 6 (7 in the boxcar)

Thorns: Tainted Touch

Shadow Passions: Promote evil (Anger) 3

Image: Once a beautiful young girl with long, curly,
dark hair and big brown eyes, her hair is now ratty and
tangled and her eyes are dark and puffy. Marie wears a
torn, stained, flowered dress and a black sandal on one
foot. She did not have time to find the other.
Roleplaying Notes: You are so deep in self-remorse that
you do not care about anyone or anything. You ignore
most of what goes on around you, and most others ig-
nore you as well. If people bother you, you try to scare
them away. It is possible that if the right person ap-
proached you in just the right way, you might snap out
of your depression — but it hasn't happened yet.


pendix:

The Midnight Expres

he Midnight Express is certainly one
of the most unusual trains one could
ever expect to see. The collage of dif-
| ferent cars can be a somewhat jarring
Ne) S01) sight at first. Traveling through the in-
terior of the train can be even more
disconcerting, as the luxuriant Orient Express lounge
car is hitched to a stark and barren boxcar that was
used to haul concentration camp prisoners during World
War II. The following are descriptions of some of the
cars that can be found as a part of the Midnight Ex-
press; many more exist, but only a few have been de-
scribed here, leaving the rest for the Storyteller to de-
vise.

history

Certainly, there has been something like the Mid-
night Express since before the Industrial Age, however,
little is known about those days past. There are other
ghost trains that travel the rails of the Shadowlands as
well, but only the Midnight Express circles the globe
every night, not to mention offers the protection of the
mysterious Ferrymen.

116 Wraith: The Oblivion

The Midnight Express came into being the night
of August 10, 1887. On that night a train, overloaded
with passengers, crashed into a deep culvert because
the bridge that crossed it had been burnt out. Fires had
been set that day to burn the dry grass around the tracks
in an attempt to prevent just such an accident. Unfor-
tunately, the fires were not completely extinguished,
and they re-lit after the departure of the workers. The
resulting flames spread to the bridge that spanned the
small culvert. The first engine, No. 21, cleared the col-
lapsing bridge, however, the second engine crashed
headlong into the ground, followed by the next nine
cars, which were reduced to kindling. Over 80 people
were killed in the resulting crash, which was deemed to
be one of the worst train wrecks in history. The fact
that the engine and several of the cars were utterly de-
stroyed allowed the train to be brought into the
Shadowlands in the form of a relic. Some speculate that
the crash was engineered by the Ferrymen, though this
has been publicly denied.

J.W. Stillwell, the train's conductor, was immedi-
ately placed in charge of the train and has remained so
ever since. Why the Ferrymen chose that particular
train, and how they manage for it to travel through the


Tempest with such regularity and apparent ease is still
unknown; as is the reason for its creation in the first
place. Certainly, a lot of effort must go into maintain-
ing the Midnight Express, not to mention ensuring its
safe passage.

The Midnight Express began with that first train, but
many cars have become a part of the train since then.
cars that have joined the train have the dubious di
tion of having been a part of some train dis
the death of its passengers. Many cars have joined the train
since that first hot summer night, and several have been
lost as well. Rumors persist of cars that began the journey,
but somehow became separated from the train and were
lost in the Tempest, though no one has been able to sub-
stantiate these rumors to date. The strongest and most
persistent legend is that of the caboose, which supposedly
plunges into the Oblivion every Halloween, taking all of

ster involving

its passengers with it. The caboose then reappears, attached
to the train, unaffected but empty. Not all of the cars that
join the Midnight Express are passenger cars; there are
lounge cars, dining cars, luggage cars, and even freight and
box cars, though most involved the deaths of mortals at
the time of their destruction.

Each of the cars has its own idiosyncrasies and leg-
ends, such as that of the vanishing caboose. Some are

haunted by Drones of those who died, while others show

strong evidence of how that train met its demise. Vari-
ous cars are favored by different factions of wraiths,
though all are supposedly welcome. Several Hierarchy
scouts are known to frequent the lounge car, which once
was a part of the famed Orient Express, while some
Heretic cults are said to have secret meetings in some
of the boxcars.

Engine No. B

Engine No. 13 was a typical locomotive of its time: 30
tons of metal racing down the tracks at speeds far too fast
for its inadequate brakes. Most modern rail-safety mea-
sures had not yet been put into place at that time, and rail
accidents were still commonplace. Engineer Edward
McClintlock was in charge the night of the accident. Be-
fore leaving that night, he had protested to conductor
Stillwell that the two engines were not enough for the
over-packed cars, that the cars should be split up. Stillwell
disregarded his protests, and the train went on toward di-
saster. If Stillwell had heeded McClintlock's warning, per-
haps the tragedy could have been avoided. McClintock
responded instantly when he heard the whistle signaling


him to man the brakes, but the attempt was futile. He was
crushed beneath tons of metal when the train plummeted
into the culvert.

Of all the cars in the train, only the engine appears
pristine. The numeral "13" is brightly illuminated on
the front of the train, and the headlight shines with an
eerie brightness, illuminating the murky vapor of the
Tempest. Inside the engine the normal sights and sounds
of the interior of a steam engine may be found: the con-
stant hiss of the boiler, the rattling of the wheels on the
track, and the acrid smell of smoke mixed with oil. En-
gineer McClintlock can also be found here, endlessly
toiling away at running his beloved engine, and ensur-
ing that it maintains its course through the Tempest.
McClintlock will politely ask any who enter the en-
gine to leave, and will refuse to answer most questions.
If he is attacked, Nicholas will almost certainly arrive
in an attempt to aid him. The train itself is fueled with
relic wood and coal, which is loaded on at the way sta-
tion, at the same time that other goods are off-loaded.

Salon and Dining Car
ofthe Orient Express

Though there are other salon and dining cars as a
part of the Midnight Express, these are among the most
well-known, for they were once a part of the Simplon-
Orient Express. In actuality, three cars from this train
have become a part of the Midnight Express: the salon
car, the dining car, and a sleeping car. These three cars
became a part of the Midnight Express after a loose rail
tie on a bridge in Hungary caused the train to buckle,
sending three of the trains car plummeting over 200
feet into the river below. The incident was hushed up
and very little information about the crash leaked to
the world media.

These 1920s-era cars are all finished in the distine-
tive blue with gold trim and have a luxuriously plush
interior. Half of the dining car is devoted to food prepa-
ration: kitchen, pantry, dish-washing and storage. The
other half is filled with dining booths: six seating four,
six seating two. First- and second-class diners are served

Wraith: The Oblivion


jointly, though not always equally, by Emile and his staff
of three waiters.

Both food and drink are available in the dining car,
while drinks may be obtained in the salon; something
most wraiths are unaccustomed to. The Ferrymen who
run the train have discovered a method of combining
the Usury and Inhabit Arcanos to actually create food
that provides sustenance for wraiths. In order to do this,
food or drink that is about to be destroyed is Inhabited,
thereby allowing the wraith to manifest it in the
Shadowlands. Usury is then used to invest the food with
Pathos. The exact methods behind this are jealously
guarded and much sought-after by many wraithlords.
Though only a pale reflection of actual food, this ame-
nity has made the train quite popular; there are wraiths
who board the Midnight Express solely to experience
the sensation of food and drink again. Menus are avail-
able in the dining car with prices ranging from 1/2 to
three oboli for meals and roughly the same for wines.
The wraith consuming such meals will generally regain
one Pathos for each 1/2 oboli cost of the meal. Meals
and drink containing the distilled Corpus of Thralls are
available, but to only a select few, known well to Emile.
These meals are by far closer to the real thing in both

taste and texture; in fact, wraiths have been known to
become intoxicated from wine made in this fashion.

These cars are usually dominated by members of
the Hierarchy. Others are made to feel distinctly un-
comfortable, although no overt action is made against
them for fear of reprisal from the Ferrymen. The Mid-
night Express makes for the ideal meeting place for
wraiths of both the Shadowlands and Stygia. Here, in
the Tempest, both can stay for an unlimited duration,
and many gather amidst the splendor of these cars to
make their plans and to share information.

Both Pierre, the bartender; and Emile Bercé, the
maitre d'hétel can always be found in these cars. Pierre,
the bartender in the Lounge car, always greets newcom-
ers with a smile and is acknowledged as a great fount of
gossip. However, one should take what one hears from
Pierre with a grain of salt, as he is known for his wild
tales and exaggerations. Emile, on the other hand, is
the epitome of the stuffy French waiter.

The Boxcar

This rickety old boxcar was used during the 1940s
to transport concentration camp prisoners to their des-


tinations in Nazi Germany. The car was drafty and had
no facilities for the unfortunate people, who were
crammed into it like cattle. This particular car was filled
with over 150 individuals, packed in as tightly as they
could fit. Upon arrival at Dachau, it was not immedi-
ately unloaded, and instead sat for four days in the blis-
tering summer sun. By the time the train was ready to
be unloaded, the majority of its occupants were already
dead. Rather than unloading the mass of bodies, the
train was burned to the ground, burning the few survi-
vors alive.

The interior of this car is cold and drafty, and the
howling winds of the Tempest can be heard rattling the
sides of the car. Entryways have been added at each
end of the car so that passengers may travel through it
to reach other cars. Upon entering this unlit car, a foul
stench is immediately apparent, the stench of charred,
decaying flesh and worse. In the silence, a faint whim-
pering can be heard coming from one corner of the car.
Investigating the cause of the sound reveals a young
woman, no more than 17, crouched in the corner of
the car, apparently cradling something in her lap. If any
attempt is made to communicate with her or if she is
disturbed in any way, her flesh will begin to wither and
crack as if consumed by invisible flames, and she will
begin to scream in a most frightful manner, yet still she
will not move, or release the invisible bundle that she
holds. This is the wraith of young Marie, whose infant
child died during the tortuous journey to Dachau. She
was so overcome by grief at the death of her child, that
she held him close to her even as the flames engulfed
the train. After her death, Marie saw no reason to re-
main in the mortal world and chose instead to stay in
the car where she and her family had met their deaths.
Over the years, she has come to be little more than a
Drone and will not react in any way other than the one
described above. Most of the train's workers consider
her to be completely mindless.

Several of the darker Heretic cults hold regular
meetings here. There is always the sense of an ominous
presence, almost as if some malevolent being were
watching over the place. It is this feeling of despon-
dency which appeals to some of the darker Heretic cults.
If the true reason for this feeling of despair were known,
most would certainly avoid this car. The car itself is
Inhabited by a Spectre. This Spectre was forced into
this position by the Ferrymen after a failed attempt to
hijack the train. It is contained within the walls of the
car and can in no way directly affect those within,


though it can play subtle mental tricks on its occupants,
mostly in the form of its effect on a wraith's Shadow.
The temporary Angst rating of all wraiths in the car is
raised by one while they remain in this car, and the
Shadow's difficulty to perform any action is reduced by
two. While a character is present in this car, the
character's Shadow will have a much stronger presence
and will whisper to her continually. This can make it
quite dangerous for any characters with high Angst rat-
ings to loiter here for a prolonged period of time.

Circus Car

In the summer of 1956, a circus train was en route
from New York to Baltimore, where its next perfor-
mance was scheduled. The train was held up in New
Jersey, and was trying to make up for lost time so as to
arrive in Baltimore in time to set up for its performance
the next morning. As the train entered the Pennsylva-
nia mountains, it encountered a strong thunderstorm.
The conductor should have ordered the engineer to slow
the train, especially since warnings of flash floods had
come in over the radio. If the train had been going
slower, then perhaps there would have been time to
slow it down when the engineer sighted the washed-
out bridge ahead. Unfortunately, the bad weather had
brought visibility to a minimum, and he was only just
able to apply the brakes as the train crashed into the
overrun gorge. Fortunately, only the first three cars were
lost, along with the engine, and two of these had been
baggage cars. The third car, which housed the circus'
clowns, was instantly submerged, drowning all aboard.

From the outside, the car appears exactly as it did
when it was in service. However, upon entering the car,
the cause of the car's destruction becomes quite evi-
dent. Every surface of the car is perpetually damp, the
wood of the interior swelled with water. The car is di-
vided into several sleeping compartments, all of which
are fairly unusable, as they are water-logged. One of the
clowns, called Bubbles, who died when the train
crashed, remains with the car. Though he rarely leaves
the circus car, Bubbles is well-known by regular travel-
ers on the train. Perhaps better known are his pranks,
which he plays ruthlessly on those who pass through
his car, and sometimes on individuals unfortunate
enough to attract his attention. Though Bubbles is not
a Drone, he will only rarely interact with others — with
the exception of his pranks, of course. Most consider
him to be insane, a mindless lunatic, though others feel


Wraith: The Oblivion

that he must serve some purpose, or the Ferrymen would
not allow him to remain.

Seconcd-Class Coach

This car is 35 feet long and eight feet wide. Its inte-
rior is unpainted, devoid of any decoration. A narrow
aisle runs between hard wooden benches. When the
small windows are shuttered (and they should be in the
Tempest, as they lack panes), only a dozen oil lamps
provide light. On the other side of the Shroud, this relic
once transported Union troops to and from the field
during the American Civil War. Then in 1862, Con-
federate saboteurs laid a cross-tie on the tracks, causing
the troop train to derail. The splintered wreckage was
subsequently burned. Though the car was empty at the
time, the nervous sweat and disenchanted blood of
young soldiers was enough to shift it through the
Shroud. In the Shadowlands, this car seems almost
empty. Two Legionnaires complain of their transferal
between Citadels. A likely Renegade tries to sleeps. In
the corner, a Heretic preaches to no one in particular.
Once the train plunges into the Tempest, the car no
longer seems quite so empty. In the dimmed light, a
wraith can detect dozens of faded forms; when the lamps
gutter, these Drones grow more distinct. They repre-
sent all of the young Americans who went eagerly, ig-
norantly off to war. Union grays and Confederates blues
sit next to khaki, camouflage, and olive drab. Ameri-
can Revolutionaries are absent because railroads and
the United States had yet to be invented.

Club Car

This car was part of the Mexican Train Disaster of
1972, in which 147 passengers died and another 700
were injured. The tragedy provoked public outrage, at
home and abroad, at the rail company's negligence.

The car is eight feet wide and 70 feet long. The
space is divided into a small kitchen, a 40-foot bar with
a dozen stools, eight dining booths (four with four seats,
four with two seats) and a washroom. Most patrons are
from the coach and second-class sleeper. The staff in-
cludes a cook and bartender. The cook can whip up a
variety of spicy snacks. Each serving costs 1/4 ob. Since
this car stores limited food, those who order more than
one serving are directed to the dining car. What the
car does store in abundance, however, is drink — from
coffee to tequila. Servings also cost 1/4 ob each. This is

0 AS


pus, the drink distilled Pathos. A wraith may digest this
fact after hearing whispered words in her fizzing soda.
(Roll Perception + Awareness against difficulty 4 to
notice). Food provides one point of Corpus per serv-
ing; drink, a like amount of Pathos.

Second-lass Sleeper

In 1958, a landslide in the southern Urals buried
this car beneath tons of rock. Those passengers who
survived the initial wreck huddled in darkness for eter-
nal hours before suffocating. Claustrophobia and slow
death have left an indelible stain on this relic.

This 70-foot-long car is divided into a shower, male
and female washrooms, and 16 sleeping compartments.
Each compartment contains two seats, a sink, and a
mirror. The seats fold out into a bed; a second
"couchette" pulls down from the ceiling.

Second-Class Lounge

This car was destroyed in a head-on collision in
Scotland, 1918. The most frustrating aspect about this
wreck was that it could have been avoided. The train's
conductor simply forgot to get his orders from the tele-
graph office — orders that directed his train to pull onto
a siding while an unscheduled train passed. The dis-
patcher was aware of the pending collision with time
to spare, but had no way of warning either train. He
could only pray for a miracle that wasn't going to hap-
pen.

Padded benches, seats, and end tables line the 40-
foot-long walls, leaving some space down the center. A
thin rug covers the wooden floor, and plain curtains
frame the windows. A sturdy card-table is bolted to the
floor at one end of the car, surrounded by chairs. One
wraith reads a relic-book (Stephen King's The Waste-
land) by gas-light, probably for the hundredth time. A
woman watches over her two adopted children.

Pullman Parlor Car

On board the Pullman parlor car, christened the
"Victoria," the characters relax in luxurious settings.
In its day, the car was a thing of beauty, a "palace on
wheels." In the large windows hung lace panels topped
with tasseled valances that gazed out onto the passing
scenery. Gilt-edged mirrors were mounted on the wall-
papered walls, adding a sense of spaciousness. Ornate

carpeting covered the floor, and electric lamps were
hung on brass tubing in the domed ceiling. Velvet-up-
holstered armchairs faced each other on either side of
the aisle, with ottomans at their feet. At the rear of the
car there is a smoking room, which is separated from
the rest of the car. The car glowed with the elegance
and luxury of turn-of-the-century style. The "Victoria"
became part of the Midnight Express after industrial
sabotage related to the Pullman strike of 1894 resulted
ina fatal jackknife (for more details, see Scott Frances,
Chapter One.)

Now that it has become a part of the Midnight
Express, the pall of death and decay hangs in the car.
The windows face out onto the roiling darkness of the
Tempest. While the windows are still capable of being
opened, it is the rare passenger who is foolish enough
to do this. The mirrors no longer give the illusion of
space; instead, they reflect the wraiths' images back at
them, making them constantly aware of their state.
(Shadows with the Trick of the Light Thorn should be
quick to take advantage of this.) The light from the
lamps seems pale and dirty. The lush and ornate fea-
tures of the car seem oppressively decadent, and the
armchairs and ottomans make the car seem small and
cramped. In describing the car to the players, try to in-
voke every negative association with the early Indus-
trial and Victorian period.

First-Class Sleeper

Toledo. April 11, 1993. Basque bombing kills Gen-
eral Fernando Vegas and two aides. Thirteen others
injured. The 20 kilograms of explosives were set be-
neath the general's personal sleeper car, police say. A
Basque separatist group known as ETA takes responsi-
bility for the blast.

This 70-foot-long car contains two washrooms (one
with a shower), an unstocked kitchenette, and ten sleep-
ing compartments. Each compartment boasts three
seats, which fold out into a bed, another bed recessed
into the wall, luggage racks, a mirror, sink, and fold-out
table. The floor is carpeted and the walls wood-pan-
eled. By removing a partition between two rooms, it is
possible to make one larger room.

Caboose

In 1893, this red caboose jumped the tracks on a
downgrade in western Canada. Miraculously, the crew-
men inside survived, but the car itself was a total wreck.

Appendix: The - Midnight Express 123

Also known as a "crummy," the caboose is usually
home to the train's crew. A row of lockers, a stove, a
table, and a desk complete the furnishings. The inte-
tior is painted green. Looking out the rear windows,
one sees the tracks unwinding behind like twin fishing
lines into an oily pond.

Train Defenses

To date, there has yet to be a successful attack on
the Midnight Express, and only the greatest of Mael-
stroms affect it in any way. While traveling through
the Tempest, the train moves at incredible speeds, far
too fast for any wraith or Spectre to keep up with. If the
train could be caught, then entry would not be so diffi-
cult, either through a window into one of the passen-
ger cars, or through the doors that connect some of the
older cars. Though the train apparently has no real ex-
terior defenses, it does have one thing which strikes

fear into any who consider boarding it: a Ferryman.
Though this enigmatic individual rarely shows himself,
his presence pervades the entire train. He is aware of
all things that take place aboard the train and can ap-
pear almost immediately in any part of the train when
he senses a disturbance. However, he is only one indi-
vidual, so many others have been hired to serve as guards
to prevent a hijacking and to squelch troublemakers.
There are at least a dozen of these guards on board the
Midnight Express at any given time, and like their mas-
ter, Nicholas, they can arrive at any desired location
on the train in mere moments. Usually, a few of them
wander the train looking for signs of trouble, while the
rest relax but remain at readiness in one of the sleeper
cars somewhere near the center of the train. In addi-
tion to the guards and the Ferryman, the other regular
crew members will fight in defense of the train, or in
their own defense, if necessary.

el


Credits Page:
Written by: Jackie Cassada

Design and Development Contributors: Ray
Winninger

pe. 10:

The following words are covered up by an initial
cap:
"Just as a soul..."

pg. 38:

The shadow trade is discussed more extensively on

add: pg. 59.

pp, 46

(see pg. 51)

97

the following things are missing from the example
character sheet:

Keep writing (2)

Ruin publisher (2) [needs one more dot]

p. 149-60

between the bottom of the page and the top of the
following page, the following text is missing:

the subject's future or past. The Storyteller should
never respond with a direct answer, but instead in a
cryptic

pg. 161, Outrage

(see pg. XX) = (see pg. 212)

Fog Chart on pg. XX = Fog Chart on pg. 205

pg. (71, Usury

(see Healing, pg. XX) = (see Healing, pg. 198)

Note: The only way that a wraith can soak
aggrivated damage is through the Moliate art
"Martialry".

Relics and Artifacts

In addition, the example character has the back-
ground of Relics, which was cut. We didn't think it
was exactly fair to make characters pay background
points for pocket lint, pens and other things that they
would have had on them at the time of death. This
may include weapons, if appropriate to the character,
but remember that any complex machinery requires
Pathos to use, and that a relic gun is of no use without
telic bullets! A relic sword, on the other hand, will func-
tion as normal. In general, anything which requires
power of some sort (i.e.:electricity) or which involves a
chemical reaction (i.e.: gunpowder) will not function
as a relic without an investment of Pathos. There are
said to be weapons and machines which do not require
Pathos to function; by definition, these objects would
be Artifacts. See the description for "Artifact" (pg. 131)
for more information.

Malkavians and Wraiths

If the nature of a Malkavian's madness is such that
hewould be able to see wraiths if he were human, then
he is able to see them. On the other hand, a Malkavian
who thinks that he is Dan Quayle, or who is a compul-
sive shopper would not be able to see wraiths.


The Light atthe End of the Tunnel.

An unearthly whistle in the distant night signals the arrival of the ghost

train known only as the Midnight Express. Cobbled together from the

remains of train wrecks spanning the ages, the train provides the only

reliable means of safe passage through the Tempest to virtually any
destination in the Shadowlands.

isthe Midnight Express!

Controlled by Ferrymen, the Midnight Express winds through the
Tempest nightly, bringing wraiths to destinations across the Shadowlands.
Its strict neutrality maintained by the Ferrymen, it has become a popular
meeting place for members of rival factions within wraith society. But
the Ferrymen also use the train as a means of finding those interested

in a far different kind of journey — that toward Transcendence.

Midnight Express includes:

* Six complete, ready-to-play adventures, ranging from the streets of
the Old West to the dining car of the Orient Express;

* Complete descriptions of a dozen Midnight Express cars suitable for
integration into your own chronicle, and

+ Nicholas, the enigmatic Ferryman who maintains the Midnight Express.

ISBN 1-56-504-156-9
ise 6101 s

Full |
