# File: Midnight Siege.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A sourcebook of secteonfilerfor vampire: The Masquerade


By GAVIN Bennett, RoBert HATCH,
DARREN MACLENNAN, MICHAEL MEARLS
AND JON WILHIE


Crepits

Written by: Gavin Bennett, Robert Hatch, Darren
MacLennan, Michael Mearls and Jon Wilkie

Additional Material: Justin. Achilli and M
McFarland

Developed by: Justin Achill

+ James Stewart

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Becky Jollensten

Interior Art: Mike Danza, Michael Gaydos, and
Christopher Shy

Front Cover Art: Phil Hale

Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

735 Pak NORTH BLYD.
SUTE 18
Clarxston, CA 30021

USA

CAME STUDIO
©2001 White WolfPublishing, Inc. All ights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes
ofreviews, and forblank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Var
pire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages,
Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness and Aberrant
are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Ine. All rights rererved. Werewolf the Apocalypec,
Wraith the Oblivion, Changelingthe Dreaming, Hunter
the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the
Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity,
Vampire Storytellers Handbook, Guide tothe Camarilla
and Midnight Siege are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc
The mention ¢
in these p
copyright ec

LP

ne reference toany company or product
is noc a challenge to the trademark or
ene
Thic hook uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only
hs bok contains mature content Rear discretion
is advised.
Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
http:/Awww.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

Spectat THANKS, Beach House Eprit0n,
Ben and Dinah Monk, "The Royal Family," for claim-
ing the princely estate at the top of the mansion.
Mike "Sissy" Tinney, for becoming defensive once the
explosives threatened his security deposit.

Chad "Monkey Knife Fights" Brown, for instigating
monkey knife fights.

Brian "Romper Stomper" Glass, for not leaving Chad
at home when he had the chance.

Fred "I Can Make the Pool This Warm, Too" Yelk, for
testing the hot tub for fungus and other horrors.
Aaron "Couch Potato" Voss, for watching 144 hours
worth of movies in 120 hours

Josh "Fuck a Bunch of Fred" Timbrook, for the 4 a.m
drunken litany against the guy asleep in the next room.
Justin "El Genius" Achill
Gorilla

Philip "Puzzled" Boulle, for traveling 12 hours to a
million-dollar house on the beach while the dolphins
swam outside and spending hicrimedoing jigsaw purzles
in the dayroom.

for discovering Nature's

Harate Deatul

‘The guy who owned the house we were supposed to
get but didn't winterize, thereby forcing some of us to
havea view of Route 12 instead of the Atlantic Ocean.


MIDNOW1

CONTENTS
Precupe: Requiem ror He Monster
INTRODUCTION: TROURBT ED DIMES
Cnapter One: THe Ivor¥Y LOweR
CHApTER Two: THE SWORD OF CAINE
CHApTER THREE: STRANGE BEDEELLOWS
Cnapter Four: STORYTELLING THEDMES GPQDNELICT
Appenpbrx: THe WAR CHEST


Thou mad misleader of thy brain-sick son!
Mt thou on thy deth-bed play the ruffian

And seek for sorrow with ty spectac
0, , where is loyalty?

‘d froms the frosty head,
Where shall i find a harbour in the earth?
Will thou go dig a grave to find out war.
And shame tine Konourable age with blood?

William Shakespeare, King Henry V1, Part Il (V.i)


Inthe modern nights, war travels on a wave of vitae. No longer fought on mortal
battlefields ast was during the Long Night, the clash between the sects stil playsout
nightly against the backdrop of the Jyhad. Kindred kills Cait clanmate kills
clanmate; vendettas come to bloody ends and domains shift as the dawn brings the
unlives of princes and bishops to fiery ends

Iris an interesting time to be Kindred. It is an exciting time to be undead



e Q) ie Ae MleOR"

Chetan Tai Uitte lrentions sls
Executive Guites 11800, $85ikoyon

Wy Dear Vykos,

It is not without a sense of irony that I find myself writing
this letter, and I'm sure that you're not without your own sense
of something similar — whatever it is that approximates emotions
in your malign little heart — as you read it. You no doubt know
by now that my sire, Archbishop Ambrosio Luis Mongada, hac met
his Final Death. Part of me suspects that you knew before I did.
Not only was he @ contemporary and sectmate of yours, he was
part of that hideous little cabal of monsters who crawled forth
from the Long Wight and gouged a place for themselves among
these modern nights without yielding the tiniest iota of their
former habits. For this, despite my hatred for him and ny admit-
ted lack of fondness for you, I salute you both. I salute also
‘those fallen in the effort: Witru and Arnult, Boukephos and Nova
Arpad. I salute even Lord Jurgen von Verden, that bullheaded
maverick, and my own sweet Anatole, whose eight centuries of
holy madness finally caught up with him. Those of you who died
without compromising your Cainite natures deserve a nod for your
commitment. Those who survived without compromising — who have
reuchea the letter 2, to be shamelessly modern — I afford you
the reverence due to your fiendish selves.

It was no secret that the Archbishop and I had our differ-
ences. I am no stranger to the whispered tales of his decadence,
and no stranger to the rumors of the ca:
of each other. Quite simply, you know


A

Lhateau De Ly
a nortan

Executive Suites 1,000,585. Loyen

pened, but I was there when my sire confessed his sin of lust to
Gorchist and was absolved. I am glad he is dead. The very fact that
he rose each evening weighed heavily on me, and I knew the only rea-
son that I was given the chance to achieve the great heights that I
have was due to the old beast's last impotent and Heaven-denied urge
to indulge one last tuck before he went to his place at the devil's
right hand. He was a faithful Cainite, and I was the embodiment of
his failure. I never wanted to be that; I never asked for it. When
he pulled me under the shroud of night, I was a stupid, impetuous
Girl who accepted the curse of undeath only in an effort to spite ny
father. I can hear the leathery lines at the corners of your mouth
curving right now, Myca — "You two deserved each other," I can hear
you croak, You are right, mich as it embarrasses me to say it.

I have come to a turning point in my unlife because of this. His
Final Death, my understanding of what I meant to him, and a long-
dormant sense of that wretched but unavoidable progeny's guilt have
stirred the primal fire within me. I have played the dangerous game
for almost a millennium. I have taken the side of right (or the side
as closest to right) for as long as I have been able. I have di-
vorced myself from the morality of the Damned long enough to hinder
the twin evils of the Camarilla and Sabbat. I have studied futile,
obsolete arts and devoted myself to killing and later to making
amends. I have been a whore for war and a whore for peace. I have
been a martyr and cynic, & killer and a caint. T have watched demons
poison the earth around them (with your helipe..) and I have led
feints for the Ancients more times than (some Qainites have uttered
the word "Antediluvian." Our own games of gambit and countérganbdit,
liyca, have colored history, thgeatened the world with genocide,
served as blinds for the true /masters of the Jyhad and killed those
who may have possibly risen one-might/to places as leaders of the
world. I have watched history occurs I have contributed to the color
of cultural advancement with the c¥imst Olin blood. I have
Seen miracles, and have been a nizaéle.

I don't want to do it anymore.

Let them drop their jaws in' Wond@r, wyca. é them CUrse,me for
abandoning the fight against Gehenna on their tern, Let them call
me a traitor, place me on their absurd Red Listy curse me fora cov
rd and a selfish fool. I am sick of plmyihggthe game the World has
set before me. The time has come for Lucite tovd0lWhateshe/ should

Mono Sace
8


Chateau De Lyon
Executive Suites

have done centuries ago. Despite the horror and wonder and fate=
Shaping I have done and seen, I am still no more than my sire's
childe. I must step down from the world's stage. I am no longer
@ figure; I am one Cainite attending to her own matters.

Please allow me to surprise you now, wyca. I mentioned before
that I believe you knew of the Archbishop's Final Death before I
did. Well, allow me to turn the tables and make your introduc
tion to the Archbishop who will succeed him.

Months ago, I met with the consistory, from which you were
conveniently absent. I made it clear that this was a personal
decision, I hated Mongada, but that does nothing to erase the
debt and obligation I had to him. He was my alpha; I will be his
omega. While I make no pretense of "continuing his work," I can
no longer argue that his legacy is mine. The consistory smiled
like fiends. You would have been proud. Actually, you would have
dissented, but theiy motives would have thrilled your dead soul
nonetheless.

I am ceding the archbishopric of Madrid to a council of bish=
ops who will report directly to me. ly own domain will be the
new Archbishopric of Aragon, because I want to go home for a
while. I have spoken with the Basque Rufus in the Pyrenees and
convinced him that my claim to domain will bring an end to the
sectarian squabbling that paints Huesca red to these nights. I
have explained to him that in the short term, war among the
undead will come, but that in the long tegm'i¥)wili bring

"Mongada's terrible quiet" to the Damned Who-make their havens
there.

Open your arms to welcome me, Wyea. Iam Sabbat.

Sister to your brother, :

Lucita

Requow oe Mosse



BL RODUC T LO)

When I was coming up, itwas a dangerous world, and
you knew exactly who they we
i was clear who them was. Today we are not so sure who
they are, but we know they're there

— sic, George W. Bush at lowa Western Commu-
nity College, January 21, 2000

If the Damned childer of Caine are infamous for
one thing, its their ancient Jyhad. From the nights of
Ur and Jericho, vampires have fought each other for
reasons ranging from personal vengeance tothe contro
of nations, Neonates scheme and squabble for respect
and precious blood, often ar the behest of century-old
ancillae, who themselves jockey and snap at one an.
other to curry the favor of antiquated but viperous
elders. The elders in turn expend resources, pawns and
vitae in the fruition of ancient schemes encompassing
everything from the destinies of nations to the pettiest
of revenge. And as for those to whose tune the elders
dance... well, some secrets are best left unknown,

In the process of this sanguinary conflict, nations
have risen and fallen into flaming uin. The resourcesof
the planet have changed hands or been wrested from

Itwasus versus them, and

their owners. Coun n their bod

soulsand blood. Entire cultures and languages have

blotted from the globe

Bat how, precisely, do the undead wage Jyhad? It's far
00 easy to state dismissively
their pawns through "Mach " means, or that the
Followers of Set "corrupt" their minions into doing their
well. Most princes worth their domains are in power
because they acted, and acted with greater skill and
purpose than their rivals. How did yours ascend her
throne? And how couldamore cleverclaimant
even a player's character — execute the old m
serategies one step better to remove her from power?

This book, a guide for players and Sto
discusses the ways and means, the struggles and strata.

mortals have gi

at the Ventrue "control"

pechaps

bnonucrr: Thou Tras

"


s, that comprise Jyhad. The book focuses primarily
the two greatest sects of the modern nights, the
Sabbat and Camarilla, and shows how these bodi
wage war against each other. Still, the Camarilla-
Sabbat struggle is only the canvas of the Jyhad, and

his book des
from the way

‘many picturesare painted thereon.

how a plethora of other bein:

Ravnos to the enigmatic Inconnu, to such oddities as
soard of Jyhad.

Throughout this book, you will be treated (pe

subjected) to the inv

wisdomean be gained from the old Lick's fables

ONTHE WAGING OF
JyvHAd

A treatise penned by Signore Ludo Giovanni

Jyhad. The great, endl

ly turning axle around which

the Damned as a whole. And, as

resource conflic
chose along the si

th would-be princes and prisei
ger should de ston what
he most certainly should not

The fi

understand about Jyhad before you e

hing...the very first ou should

stick your childe-ish, spittle-hasn't-yet-dried fangs out

of your haven for any purpose except to score your

night's repast... is this (and listen well, O my childer)
P y


What a vampire wants out of a conflict does not
necessarily — and probably does not —mirror what a kine
ina similar postion wants from that same conflict.
Soundsself-evident, doesn't ic? Well, perhaps; we're
the walking dead, amore highly evolved being or maybe
aa devil incamace. Of course, our lofty ambitions and
foul plots transcend anything the puling kine could
possibly understand
Hmph! To borrow a popular contemporary apho-
rism with which my mortal great-great-great-
sreat-grandniece dismisses the pettiness of the deluded,
"Asif" IF mere blood and undeath brought with them
an equal share of wisdom, can you imagine how differ:
cent the night would be? But far toomany Kindred, when
attempting to second-guess the moves and gambits and
ploys and counterploys and counter-counterploys of
theirundcad rivals, base their tactics on stercotypesand
assumptions from their breathing days instead of edu-
cated intuition and cold logic. And then they're dust.
No, not even dust, because such fools rarely haunt the
night long enough to transcend the rigor mortis stage.
A corollary to the above rule is my own coined
phrase, "Stay in the red." In other words, the most
important resource, the most crucial consideration for
any Lick-based conflict isalways—always—vitae. Cut
off a foe's money? Well, that's very nice, but he still
might be able to callin enough old debts to take you
down anyway. Oxtracize her socially? Fair enough
but for every Kindred power group, another is eager to
recruital tthe frst one. Walk upand beat his
pallid corpse till he drops into torpor! Gauche. Most of
{lke world's princes tend co frown on undead bar brawls
in their domains —and if it was that easy, your victim
the term "foe" anyway. Atbest,"minion"
ngminion of the true power who's going
¢ you to ash for irritating it."
Ab, but blood? The crux of the matter. A Kindred
without vitimsis.. well a corpse. Figuratively and literally
ir enough — but how do my little theorems work
‘out in that vast night through which we all stalk? As
illustration, let's take a period of social unrest and
political tension here in the States—say, the swinging
‘>, the Aye of Aquarius, the days of Nam and Nixon,
peace-and-pot-addled prey. The perfect battleground
for Jyhad — but maybe not in the way you'd imagine
Did Kindred feed off the switling stew of trends and
societal glacier shifts that occurred during this misbe-
gotten decade? You bet they did. Did some Kindre
profit thereby, while others lost their herds, fortunes
and unlives? I don't really need to answer that, do I?

So let's examine the American involvement in
Vietnam. Now, I'm sure that you've heard a few gener
alizations about Kindred society, and based on those
generalizations you've probably formulated a grand
theory about Kindred involvement in the Vietnam
conflict. And your grand theory is something to the
tune of, "Oh, well, I'm sure it was a Ventrue clan
directive to support the war in Vietna

To that summation... why?

"Umm... well, because aren't Ventrue, like, the

ire Establishment, and the Establishment sup:
ported the war in Vietnam, so the Kindred probably
wanted to... well..."

Well, what? Yes, I'm listening. Contain a
political system that most sensible elders suspected
would wither and vanish within a kine's life span
anyway? Establish dominance over the meager resoutces
of a country so far in the purview of the Cathayans that
a Wester Kindred couldn't safely set foot in it
provided che could weather the perilous journey to the
peninsula in the first place? Precisely what reason would
"The Ventrue" (assumingsuchahomogenous Orwellian
lump of undead existed in the first place) have to
interest themsel in Vietnam ar all?

Indeed. Think like a kine, be played like a kine.
‘Think like aLick. Stay in the red. Why in Caine'sname
would any Kindred want a generation of prim¢ feeding
stock to spill all delectable vitae on the-muddy
expanse of a rice paddy halfway around the world,
courtesy of an AK-47! Asaspecies, we can take respon
sibility for our share of horrors and atrocities, but
Viernam happened in spite of American Cainites, not
because of us. Remember, only alittle overa generation
ago, panicky American Kindred had been forced to sit
at their radios, listening to reports of an entire gener
tion of on-the-hoof, testosterone-seasoned juicebags
Killing each other at Normandy and Guadalcanal and
other places Over There, away from ther greedy clutches
As it was, during the 1960s, Camarilla Licks of m
(or who preyed on those of means) were marshallin
many resources as they could to encourage things like
student deferments, cushy National Guardsinecuresfor
ue suns of the rich, or simple draft-dodging. Now,
granted, few Kindred dabble in the military-industrial
complex for financial reasons, and for those Kindred,
Vietnam provided as much of a windfall as any w:

The lesson to be leamed in these nights is to know
your enemy. Don't guess his actions based on your
perception of his clan. Don't guess based on your per

lencoucren: Tous Ts

B


ception of his sect, ot his allies. And always follow the
blood. Or you'll guess wrong, and you'll be dead. Again.

Ler'stry another anthropological exercise from the
same perio. What else — oh, yes; the kine's tedious
civil rights struggle. Okay, in chorus, now: "The Brujah
and Nosferatu all supported civil rights because

Yes, little grasshopper, enlighten me.

‘Well, because the Brujah always sympathize with
rebels, and the Nosferatu helped the Freedom Riders
because they were outcasts and second-class citizens
just like them."

I see. Very clever. So an anarch vampire — who

ave the accumulated resources of her elder
and who is thus forced by the Tradition of
nto mingle with and feed on the disenfranchised
and dispossessed — is going to do everything in her
power toclevate her sweetmeats, to integrate them into
mainstream society, to transform them into middle
ls who crust the police, live in gated
and yo home at sundown to tuck their

delicious litle children safely into bed at 9 p.m.2

Anyanarch with more than a few decades under his
belt is interested in domain rights, not human rights,
They're shriekingagainst the prince's Evil Tyranny that
precludes them from running around ripping the heads
off of whomever —poororrich, black or brown or white

they want. But many Kindred (naw ashes, of course)
have assumed that the anarch would blow with or

sinst the prevailing mortal political winds. They
guessed wrong. They paid for it with their unlives

Now, whacelse about the 60s can we asounne, based
on a Kindred's-eye view? Well, for starters, the hippie
movement doubtless enjoyed widespread support from
justaboutall Cainites, simply because it made feedingso
ridiculously easy. (Asa note, do anything to increase the
spread of HIV and watch all Kindred — clan or sect be,
well, Damned—comedown on you like Satan's flames.
Myself included.)

What else about the period? Oh. Manson. The
naive Cainite — not you, of course — would pipe up.
some ludicrous theory that Manson was some jittery
pawn of some Malkavian or other or maybe an
anarch who hated the "pigs" and wanted to make a
statement against the rich.

Absurd. And the Kindred who advanced such a
theory would be the veriest fool. In fact, the Manson
murders did a great deal — well, an annoying bit — of

chs, by hitting them where it mattered
inthe herd. You know, fora while, people were
steering clear of sweet hitchhiking flower children with

wide pupilslike they were lepers out of the Dark Agesor
some such. Enough so to make it tough to find vitae
when you've spent the pastfive years scrabbling around
the California underground putting up with the shriek
ing of Hunter S. Thompson and the Jefferson Airplane
tocultivate ust such aherd.I'm sure plenty of Free Stare
Kindred would love to get their talons on Charlie's
scrawny old carcass, just to pay the bastard back for some
lean years.

‘Ah, youthink... but might the Ventrue Prince of Los
Angeles — secure in her rarefied feeding habits and
disinterested in using the Whisky-a-Go-Go rabble as a
buffet table — have somchaw encouraged Charlie, Tex,
Sadie and company to.committheir crimesin order to sow
fear and distrust toward the flower children as a whole,
thus destabilizing anarchs' herds across California?

‘Now you're catching on. (This didn't actually hap-
pen, by the way. So far as lean tell, Manson was a kook
with a power fetish who orchestrated his little psycho-
drama entirely on his own, Bur could have happened
as I've described. And it would have heen... well,
ancilla-tevel clever anyway.)

You see the point. What are some other general
trends to watch for? Kindred enjoy the company of the
very rich because they tend to go outa lorand alleviate
their boredom by spending time in seedy locales with
strange people and stranger drugs, and they like the very
poor because they tend to be helpless, socially impotent
and otherwise easy prey. The $65K-a-year accountant
with the two children who goes to his nice, secure
suburban home and family promptly at six — that's
sundown in the winter to you— of what possible use is
such a kine to a predatory Kindred? Of all the delu-
sional, misguided ideas that

But I've rambled long enough. Consider this the first
of many lessons to come. If you read my chronicles with
‘one thought petcolatingin that rigor-mortis-locked, cool-
ing brain, ponder this: Up until the time of your Embrace,
you probably didn't even know Kindred existed at all,
Don't assume, then, that now you exhaustively know the
hows and whys and wherefores of that existence.

HowTo Use THis
BooxK

This book is intended to be a resource for players
and Storytellers alike. Although certain sections ofthis
book are intended solely for the Storyteller, it contains
few "great secrets" to be jealously sequestered from
players' eyes. Afterall, anyone can parrot the wisdom of

Monat Sict

"


Sun Tzu. Ittakes special kind of person —or undead
— to apply it competently.

Midnight Siege comprises several chapters, as follows:

Chapter One: The Ivory Tower discusses the
political, social and military strategies commonly em-
ployed by the Kindred of the Camarilla. Centuries-long
machinations, ancestral vendettas, the deployment of
fortunes and schemes that involve the welfare of na-
tionsal play a parcin the Camarilla's collective arsenal,
How does a prince maintain her power while under the
un from both the Sabbat and the Inner Circle? How
does a domain of decadent, backstabbing undead find
common cause when harried by fanarical, fir
crusaders? This chapter tells these secrets and more.

Chapter Two: The Sword of Caine ums our atten-
tion tothe Camarila'srivalsand counterparts, the vampires
ofthe Sabbar. The Sabbar spreads through Cainitesoxiety

like a cancer; and, like a cancer, it can lie dormant and

welding

waiting, slowly corrode away the surrounding body, or
spontaneously burst into crippling malignancy

Chapter Three: Strange Bedfellows covers the
unique roles played by a myriad of strange nocturnal

denizens. The role of the anarchs, the scrutiny of the
enigmatic Inconnu, and even the turmoil caused by the
entry ofa werewolf orsorcerer on the great playing field:
All this can be found herein.

Chapter Four: Storytelling the Tides of Conflict
is intended primarily for the Storyteller, though players
willungue
machinations for their arsenals as well. It provides

nsight on how touse a Cainite siege as the backdrop for

passion, character development/degeneration and
(in)human drama, not merely an excuse for random
death-in-the-streets rapscallionry

Finally, the Appendixt The War Cheat provides
timetables and "project management" plansalong which
a Kindred siege might flow. While thete is nothing
typical aboutany conflict in which the freakish Kindred

ly find some choice tidbitsand wicked

participate, certain moves and gambits tend to repeat
themselves down the weary years. This chapter details,

in broad and sweeping strokes, how a region inhabited
by one great sect or the other might conduct itself
during the onslaught of a sectarian siege,



If you were to listen tothe wary the primogen talk, you'd chink the bares for the cites took place om downtown
‘rooftops, with sword and subverfuge —honorable Camarilla Kindred beating aginst the slavering hondes of Sabb,
and then sending the ghouls out to Dominate anyone who might have noticed.

Tf you were to lisen tothe primogen, that is. The bustles, if such they could be called, infrequently take place
downtown. The bales rarely need to be cleaned up afterward, because the violence, when it does happen, happens
inthe shan, and he ner ings ofthe city, here no one ges much of ashi uhat happens. Nothing gtsclema
up, because druggies and welfare moms aren't telegenic, and no one is going to listen to them. Enforcing
Masquerade? Forget tt. We don't need to encourage disinterest — no one cares.

Andas forthe violence? There are no heroic, set-piece batts. Nomidnight Napoleons. We ill Sabbat on lonely
back streets; we harass them, lire them, ambush them and wear away at ther val they are good and beaten. Then
wwe stake whomever is left and toss thet Bodies m the river, to rot away until we need some entertainment, or the
Tremere need some experimental subjects."

Frederick Van Tongeren, Ventrue strategist of the Camarilla, speaking in London, 1998

The old nights are long gone. Once, on Europe's AS the thind millennium after Christ dawns, such

blood-soakedeastem plains, theCainitesactually walked things are purest his

forth by night among the warfare of dheir herds. But But the Cainites still behave as if those old

those ancient nights are long gone, and much has —_nightsstill endure, in metaphor atleast, ifnotaction,

changed since then. Gone are the city-states of old, After all, vampires are creatures of habit. While the

Here are nation states that span whole continents. _ world has changed, the nature of the violence that

Gone are the peasant armies pressed into service, © So a certain antiquated

lured by the appeal of loot, plunder or rape. No longer 1 discussion of warfare is hardly

iric soldier pass unnoticed in the final surprising. They speak of "sieges," "crusades," "war

1s of some brutal, bloody battle. No longercan lords," "tribunes," and discuss the nightly flickers of

a Ventmue warlord sate his hunger on the bodies ofthe violence and murder in

dead or the dying in plain sight of his retainers. Such A casual listener might think of liter:

arrogance cost the Kindred dear. Inquisition, plague flict, fought with swords and ir

and, eventually, the shroucl of Masquerade ended those. But now, such Kindred warfare requires subtlety, not

Goan Ore: Tit hon Tons
a


brute force. Wars between vampires take place in
secrecy, beneath the veil of the Masquerade.

DominionIn THE NIGHT

In the sunlit world of mortals, true power comes,
apparently, from the barrel of a gun. The great institu:
tionsof Wester civilization are mete trappings. Citizens
‘obey laws because the state always hasan unspoken, but
always eal, jurisdiction over violence. Little isdifferent
in the moonlit world of the Children of Caine. The
prince ofthe city holds the right to take unlife. A word
here, a command there, and Final Death follows.

The nights of a Kindred prince actually ruling a

literal lord are gone as well. But if this isthe
ifthe obsessions of power and dominion are not
an issue, why do the sects war at all? What possible
reason does the Camarilla have to spend so much of
its precious resources to fight a battle with their
inite "brethren" Six billion potential feeding
vessels dwell on the planet. What do a few hundred
thousand mortals here or there matter?

Afust,andmostobvious,reasonisthattheCamarilla
has found a most implacable and violent adversary in
the Sabbat: Lupines may massacre vampires on occa
sion; hunters may murder afew undead here and there,
but the Sabbat isa far more dangerous threat. They are
undead, and the Sabbat's elders are contemporaries of
the elders of the Camarila. If the Camarilla were to
abandon cities and feeding grounds to the Sabbat, they
would be displaying weakness in the eyes of the enemy,
and losing face. The Camarilla fights wars not for the
few million dollar's worth of property, which i replace-
able, orthe few hundred thousandsouls inametropolitan
area, which are also, ultimately, replaceable. [tfights to
maintain a place for Kindred in a post-Inquisition
work. The mote cities the Sabbat claims, the less
important the Camarilla becomes. The less important
the Camarilla becomes, the less heed vampires take of
it. The less heed the Kindred take, the less heed they
take of the Camarilla's laws and its ways. Thus, the
Masquerade falls and the witch-hunters' fire ignites
again. The overall situation is too dangerously close to
thatof the nights before the frst Anarch Revoleforsuch
a threat to be taken lightly.

A second reason is that the Sabbat kills other
vampires. The Sabbat has no problem violating the
Camarill's Sixth Tradition. Ifthe Sabbat takes a city,
ders are stil present, those elders most
likely die at the claws of some Sabbat pack. However, if
the Sabbar kills neonates, or Caitiff or other undesir-

city

ables, then what of it? There are always more where they
came from. But the fear of diablerie haunts even the
strongest of the elders. These vampires have existed for
rdered forcentu

ies alike grow
veninthecold,

oldanddie, jand suffered so very much. |
ashen heart of the most inhumane elder, that horrific
notion of losing her heart's blood to some manic Sabbat

punk isa terror, an insult, an atrocity beyond words. It
isbetter to send your beloved childe to his Final Death
than even consider enduring such a fate. It is better t0
lose some more of your soul to the Beast than to die
increasing the potency of some whelp's Blood.

On a global scale, these reasons mean rela:
tively lirele. Vampires are few. According to
Camarilla estimates, perhaps 60,000 vampires
populate the planet. Even allowing for mistakes,
misinformation, the vile Cathayans and gross un-
derestimation of the Kindred populations of even
the most horrifically overpopulated cities, the fig-
ure cannot possibly exceed 100,000 Kindred. That
isn't enough souls even to populate a small city
That is hardly sufficient reason to spend resources
to ensure any degree of influence over ones' fel-
lows. But young Kindred, those clever enough to
know better, suspect that the Camarilla's Inner

From the almanac of Laido Giowannt

Thave heard talk of &presumably apocryphal
magical map ora globe, made of human skin and.
bones, created-as a gift bya Tzimisce elder of
Hungary to Raphael De'Corazon that shows cities
4s little clots of black, coagulated blood. This blood
stains the map, shading the relief tara of
the world belongs to the
Sabbat, or Cathayans or sway ee
even dried and is, erupts into faint bu"
Roriceable ‘story goes thar the pus-
tulesofiend \somuch thar he sent even,
his favorites: to thei oe just to ensore the
Aisease tid nat spread,

This sory is probly sod, bur rumor, Bur te
underlines the u sm most Kindred feel when.
the Sabbat are in the city killing and kidnappings
thispart ofsome Jyhad among the elders? The Sal
clans dex uc Coariagfeey Y gesell-tots
aarseonGehennaor come such apocalypricnoniense
Butsince there has never been a good reayon for this
‘continued obsession with territory, the Sabbat expla- | 1

DeConazon'sGione | |

Haron 8b gods soy!

Monat Sect


Circle plays some global game. The Camarilla, in
its quiet, stealthy way, wants its talons to encircle
the globe, and it brooks no competition.

CAMARILLA STRATEGY

The Camarilla is often seen asa static, reactionary
entity. It rarely goes on the offensive. Even when it
makes. a move, it seems, such movements are always in
response to the previous gestures of the Sabbat. The
Camanilla never "rakes" a city — it only retakes them
once the Black Hand has triumphed.

Recent developments in the modem nights have
proven this theory wholly untrue. With the fall of
New York City into the Camarilla's clutches, with
the double-dealing of the new Prince of Milan, the
Camatilla has shown itself to bea wily enemy and an
accomplished tactician. The Camarilla knows that it
has forever — it is happy to take two steps back for
every step forward, so long as it knows it will one
night take three more steps forward,

Here, then, are a tew examples of how it does
just that.

Busivessas Usuat

Despite the trauma of the Final Nights and the
constant threat of inter-sect conflict, open violence is
comparatively rare. A greater tragedy to theekdersofthe
Camarilla far beyond the Kindred blood spilled, isthe
disruption sectarian conflict causes toa city

In the eyes of the Camarilla, something has gone
badly wrong when vampires kill vampires in. their
havens or the streets. The Camarilla pursues an unofi-
cial policyof"constructiveengagement" with the Sabbat.
The Camarilla, in its quiet, subtle way, maintains a
constant degree of diplomatic contact with itsadversar-
ies. This occurs through back channels, through
independent parties such as the Giovanni, orby feeding
information through known Sabbat pawns. Thisdiplo-
‘macy prevents many unfortunate incidents and allows
‘vampires of either sect to look to their own problems
But it is also the Camarilla's most devious weapon: It
exists, not for peace, but rather to erode the Sabbat's
hierarchies and power hase. In a time of warfare. the
wheels set in motion perhaps decades before tuma little
faster. Messages are sent out. Intermediaries deliver
promises, gifts or instructions to enemy territory.

The Camarilla examines the targeted city. The
planners look carefullyat the power structures and leam.
what can be undone, what can be weakened, and what
can be destroyed. True masters ofthis game are said to

be capable of making the Sabbat weaken their own war
effor. Is there someone the Tzimisce Bishop of Lodz
wants to see humiliated? Could a prominent London
Primogen do a favor for a bishop in Mexico Cit

Inretum, the Camarillaasksa few small favor
as some scandalous information on the bishop of the
host city, or pethaps the names of some disfavored
packs. These pieces of information are invariably small
— trivial, almost — but they are anything but
Camarilla planners. With even a few scraps of such
information, the Camarillacan ferret out Sabbatscouts,
Ifcircumstances demand it, the Camarilla can invade a
city and break Sabbat defenses at specially selected
pressure points.

But peace isa distant, ilusionary thing. While the
celders of either sect intrigue, the passions of both sects
brush against one another, and something almost al-
ways gives. Then the sects

Mortal military strategists talk of wars occurring on
three levels: the "tactical level," which is the moments
of violence on the field and the second-to-second
dkcisionsof the commander on the scene; the "strategic
level," command over the battlefield; and the "grand
strategic level," where high-level military and political
decisions decide the fate of nations. The Camarilla
thinks on the grand strategic level. The sect, asa whole,
decides which cities it will support and whick Sabbat
cities it will undermine. The acts of violence are lefe to
individual princes

At its most rudimentary level, the Camarilla
exists to protect itself and its members from mortals
Nothing more. When the sects war, the Sabbat
should, on the face of it, win. Its stratagems, tactics
and methods are viciously efficient, displaying a
purity of violence and intent that no Camarilla
coterie could match. But the Sabbat does not win. Its
victoriesare comparatively rare,and in recent nights,
its losses are becoming more frequent.

‘When it comes down to the wire, the Camanilla
does not hesitate to compromise its' morality. The
‘Camarilla operates on its own agenda. The sect has
absolutely no objections, moral or otherwise, to using
the mostunderhanded tactics wosurvive. I watches the
big picture, chinks in the long term. A decade's annoy'
anceisworth toleratingin retum foracentury'ssurvival.

‘When the Sabbat crusadesagainstaCamarillacity,
the Camarilla can easily support the prince ofthat city,
even though the prince isexpected to defend thecity by
her own devices. This support can come in the form of

(Guar Ox Tix hoe Tow,


A TREMERE STRATAGEM:
DuBuINn. "
From the almande of bxido Giovanni

i Pile elo ee
cl stirred. Some ‘
influenced the Kindred Seis ted |

‘among, the salons of Europe: tales of let
terrible overcrowdli eens pet ;
Caitiffs haunting Dublin' outer: ‘anaithetnner
city. Others spoke of the forced Embrate if

turban delinquents for the sole puirpose of sacrifice

diablerie. Mentioned frequently wa
valry with the'fief of Ulster. Rs

European archons had to be de

undo the kitest mess caused by the
‘The Sabbat had been drawn'

time. Its eee material wealth

to possess, Equally, its new

from the Balkans and Africa

there.
along
state and despised by the
made great prey. E

ould be: ‘
a

with the Camarilla, Instead, its ed
neonates, Who were. easy,

destroyed by fire, the few: indepe
living in the city driven out:

row, it seemed, were refugees le
rocky shores of Ireland's west
bishop was installed; che'!
Lasombra. The torture part
Camarilla survivors lasted for weeks.

glay taser hci jovsone
force permeated the city's polluted streets, and now

the west coast, Son

the Tremere sorceress could its nature in
comfort. On Dublin's filthy, ill-lit nighttime streets,
the French, Sabbat insane, thei' minds
diseased and rotting, as

ingaparticularly deadly enemy, ByleatingDablin eo
Virginie and tapping her there, they effecrively
neutralized one of the many dangerous figures jt the
European Sabbat. ‘ at 4

Listening, to these and othe such reports, one
might be forgiven for suspecting that the Camanilla
allowsthe Sabbat toexist inerely to help solve itsown
internal problems. This is shy, but the
Swordof Caine is less ofathreattothes lla than

the Sabb might gi ck

deliveries of weapons or perhaps the recruitment of
reinforcements Inextreme circumstances, the Camarilla
can even dispatch archons co ensure that the city does
not fall. Sabbat crusades are resisted by any means
necessary, so long as the Masquerade is maintained!

Bur the Camarilla also allows Sabbat crusades to
happen. Sabbat crusades make for dangerous times, but
dangeroustimesare perfect opporcunitiestomakethings
happen. Things iat would be soctally unacceptable,
and probably impossible to achieve in normal circum
stances, can occur with less outrage and resistance
during times of war. Removing enemies within the
Camacilla ranks, particularly princes or elders who
don't toe the line, is so much easier when Sabbat
assusins run loose in the city.

Tomar marilla elders, such things are unfortu-
nate irritations, butnecessary in the longrun. The chaff
must be separated from the wheat. The Sabbat has done
the C 'sjob for them. Problems achieve resolu-
tion, wivns find removal, and damage has been
done to Sabbat interests. Best ofall, the Sabbat contin-
ues to damage their own interests — overreaching
themselves — by maintaining an interest in any of the
newly conquered cities. The Camarilla can reclaim
those cities at its leisure.

PRActTICALITIES

Mortal military planners have a saying: Am

study tactics, professionals study logistics. Toa
thenecessties of transporting troops, food, supp
weaponry to a battleficld are much less important. A
modem Kindred battle involves at most, two dozen.
‘creatures — creatures that subsist on blood and have
little need for field rations or ammunition. Still, the
battlefield needs to be prepared. Logistics must be
considered: do Lupine hunting packs haunt the wilder-
ness between cities? How can the Camarlla ensure a
supply of weaponty close to the action? The euphemis-
tic term Camarilla planners use for these strategic
obstacles is "practicalities."

DerenDING TERRITORY

‘Some princes draw a defined border around their
domains and claim all therein as their own. This is
typically the view of older Kindred, those who in earlier
nights fought for territory in mortal wars. The first line
‘of defense is the city limits, and every inch of the city
‘must be paid for in Sabbat Final Death. The mere rumor
ofthe existence ofaSabbat vampire within that marked
territory constitutesapersonal insult tothe prince ofthe

Monae See

»


city. Thisapproach isthe most difficultto enforce. Only
the strongest, and most feared, princes can realistically
make such claims

Other princes identify individual assets in their
cities that they consider worth defending. They mark
what they consider necessary for their continued rule
and survival. Which businesses are most important to
the prince's fortunes? Which properties and havens
belong to the prince's closest allies (or vampires the
prince would like to have in her debt)? How important
are areas deemed Elysiurn? Which places belong to the
gang that is useful for the occasional service! These
thingsare worth defending. Therest ofthe city ismerely
hunting ground.

Regardless, once the Sabbat has laid claim to the
things that the Camarilla considers important in that
city, the Sabbat, forall intents and purposes, has denied
the city to the Camarilla, Moreover, the Camarilla
claims certain things in a city for no strategic reason. It
claims numerous petty domains and turfs out of pride.
outof vanity, andoutofthe odd obsessionsthar only the
undead could pursue

What follows isa partial list of what places within
city thatthe Camarilla has historically defended with

open violence.

Havers
Only so many vampires make theirhavens in city
Even though many vampires swear by the utility of
ving many places in which to hide, a vampire fights
to defend only a finite number of precious "homes."

Nionretuns

So long as the concepts of "after hours," curfew
defying, drinking and gathering places for mortals have
existed, the Kindred have been there. That istosay, the
Kindred have haunted "the Rack" almost since their
creation. Whether claimed as domain ot otherwise,
almest every nightclub in every Camarilla city belongs,
in some way, to the vampires. Nightclubs are usually
home to enough debauched weirdness, and even occa:
sional violence, that vampiric conflict can transpire
without surrounding mortals noticing.

Businesses

The real keys to the Camarilla's strength are a
city's economy and its business district. Dominat-
ing, blood bonding and terrifying the Chief of
Police into submission is one thing. But in the real
world, influence comes with money,
sible prince desires influence. The Camarilla does
‘not —cannot —ownall the businesses in the city;

indeed, itis rare for a business to be owned fully by
a vampire. The taxation and regulatory authorities
in the modern world have access to too much
information for such an arrangement tobe safe. But
the prince and primogen typically own large stock
options in bigger businesses, and usually have their
eves open for bright, profitable new companies to
invest in, Butif the Sa

ibbat were toestablish a major
influence in the business sector of a city, then the
Camarilla's subtle influence would be jeopardized if
not contested outright.

Museums, Ant GaLtenies,
AND ANCHORS OF CULTURE

‘As candidates for Elysium, these places are almost
sacred to the social clans, but also offer diversion,
conversation and amusement to other Kindred. W/
thismaynotseem worth sendingone's precious minions
or ghouls to fight for, such diversions are sometimes the
only thing that can spare a vampire's humanitas. Thus
they are precious. Moreover, they are a source of pride
and status in the world of the Kindred. A prince with a
particularly fine gallery in hiscity is respected for it Ifa
prince in an esteemed city allows the Sabbat to wrest
that special place from her, her reputation crumbles,

Crurcnes
Ornate, be: avens of faith in an uncertain
world, churches are holy places and denied"to the
Damned. Witch-hunters sometimes operate from
churches. In some old cities, even stranger things hap:
pen there. But some vampires fecl a certain... love for
these churches, these houses of Ged on hallowed carth.
In the cold, alien minds of the ekder Kindred, these
placesareareflectionon the heaven denied tothemand
are thus sacred beyond words. Churches represent ev-
cerythinga vampire cannot have. The Sabbat routinely
burnsdown old churches for the sake of little more than
entertainment, cheap rebellion or spite

Goversmenr Orrices

‘The greatest weapon Kindred have is the Masquer
ade; the best way to maintain that weapon is the
manipulation of information. Government offices exist
for the accumulation of information. Most of this
information is never used. Is locked away and forgot-
ten. Butthat information, forgotten as it may be, issafe
Many hidden secrets can be unearthed in the vaults of
the local Births and Deaths Registrar, for example, As
such, vampires do their best to ensure that such infor
mation is kept secret and claim these places for their
‘own. They donothunthere, they donot dwell here, but

Geen One: Trt how Tow,

u |


to work a ritual, in,

soe a:
Seinen noggi
easy to,create and lite

life. Then again, prisiees cautiousenough tore
the Tremere chanery to maintain such aritualya
all the prestatfon and ge in
iis worth the tiki
The ritvaljadevelopment of
Kindred Freee feck Bs
‘vampire passha thenigibvohd
sy. the Ta are und
the arrival of a new: vampi
denartue ofan od one,

from the caster himself...
Rilmoes aside, what i certain &

even at the. signs
System: The player
cach of the sigils of domain;

become quite costly in x pte

Jastsonelunarmonth, Fekh

crosses the invisible iyi ea
the magician shudders. He receives an image'

canpie i gesion a ee Fo ts 4
location.
Oe Ae te silyl elec he inal
ate City perimeter anon the entry
erence the sigil. This itu s included here as
‘plot device.

Sooriteine westadceteT

they fight to ensure that they, and only they, may have
dominion over the information kept therein.

the city limits.»
i eae 4

Domain

‘Some Kindred observe an old tradition of marking
the territory of one faction or another with almost
invisible sigils carved into trees or buildings or other
Tandunarksat che edge ofthe claimed territory. These are
the scourge and the sherif's way stations. Even if the
Ptince is a fatalist, considering only certain havens.
within her territory of importance, she still claims those
places within the marked territory asher own. The sigils
have to be carved on some place a strange vampire
might pass, like on a road or near the city gates. The
literal challenge to any foe is simple: will the Camarilla
defend its havens and clubhouses and Elysium or will it
start its defenses at the edge of the claimed dominion?
Thispresentsadifficult quandary toany enemy. Itforces
the enemy to choose, to guess, what the Camarilla
response will be. The enemy is then reacting to the
‘Camarilla's intentions, even before the killing begins.

‘Of course, in the modem nights, such a practice is
almost apocryphal. While the Sabbat generall
knowledges certain colors and symbols as associated
with itself, che Camarilla has less of a tradition of this
nature. Of course, this lack of formality may provide just
the excuse an ambitious scourge needs to rid his city of
"pests" ("See that Coca-Cola billboard? That means
you're in Prince Decker's domain. Time to die, you
dumb sons of bitches"). Likewise, any rallying point
Camarilla defenders can stand behind serves as a boost
to morale.

In warfare, be it mortal or undead, holding that
initiative can mean the difference between victory
and defeat.

KNAve COLUMNS,
The use of vampiric mercenaries 3

defense
against an enemy is not a new tactic. Princes have
long known Cainiteswho would takeanother'sunlife
in retum for money, favor, diablerie o: hunting
rights. Some Assamites have been paid killers for

ind blood.
nd may net
amarilla prince

millennia. However, several other clans
lines are not members of the Camarill
a degree of encouragement to aid a'
determined to keep his domain.
Inrecent nights, certain princeshave had reason to
call upon coteries of unaligned vampires to operate
against Sabbar attacks. Dubbed "knave columns" by
some overly poetic Toreador tribune (see Ranks of the
Camarilla in Wartime, below), these coteriesare paid in


cash, information, property, stock options and
rights, co kill Sabbat vampires

These knave columns tend not tobail from th
they are commissioned to defend
outcasts, despite their utility,
frown upon a prince who offers too much attenti
them, Perennial outsiders, they have no real association
with the social rituals of their
This is intentic

prince can, by simply making public his invitation to

nave column, underline the necessity for action.
More than one primogen has been spurred by the mere
arrival of a known knaves' coterie.

A knave column doesnot have to bring violence to
the Sabbar, though violence is pethaps the most com:
mon way of dealing with them. Setite underground
railroa
Gargoyles and still stranger
potential hirelingsin thew: ainst the satanic Sabhar.

THe Hounns

Norall mercenaries are paid interlopers; sometimes
the mercenaries must work off their own debts to the
prince and are expected to kill in his name. These
mercenaries enjoy some protection and limited hunting
rights, but likely no social status whatsoever. They exist
because the prince toler: th exist or hecause of

fight in his narn

prestation are strict, anda vampire whodoesn't play the
Dispensable and expendable, these "hounds" are

most frequently set looseon the enemy. Onordersofthe

prir ‘ed muststop what they are doin

take up the cause, or they can expect to fee! his judg:

ment. A few Kindredhave tokdstoriesof certain prim

keeping their hounds in tenements, nicknamed ken-
Is Each night, the hounds are thrown a c

animal blood so thar they mi

let lose, frenzy often overwhelms them. Some have a

cruel name for these uddened Kindred maniacs:

dogsokliets Typically, however, these indebeed merce-

naries are eft alone and may be offered some d

status at the prince's discretion — after the fa

course, and perhaps posthumously

Tue Ganoret

Until recently, the Gangrel were members of the
Camarilla, and while socially inept and possessed of a
bestiality that offended y, they had their uses.

Gwar Owe Teh
B


TRANS Or THC CAMARILEAISS WARTIME 2
From the almanac of Laude Giovanni i
seen many sieges and struglescfn dst of them, the Camarilaseemsto'almest enjoy. pomp and
fight itself. Here and there they've come-up with
reoccurring: xéless. While:not every besieged or besieging Kindred
bathers to draw such distinctions, s ‘some epithets have indeed become part of wartime Camarilla,

‘THe Dux Bettorum

Thi thse deaf amped ack

Gaile undedingh iad the Cainites of the domain i into bacde
TeTRmune # gar
In classical times, the tribune was the forthe Ys

the wibune isthe herald of the elder ¢ conn : se tactcal
intelligence orspy reports, or even mn 7 awartime titles
bucsome cities havea idee, usually an ancill,| as her ancient

namesake might, representing eat Buchealasexiss diplomaticallyamong that
same citizenry, Neg iiee Wier ontahaor he ace "

In theorysthe buns in wattime cniouncestic cominenctancat of mosedises trucottic Onde of ced

bellarum and is pepe ghee & ini the prominent elders informed ofthe "sate of the.
union" among the lesser Kindred." ta

Since ess aero datas ) sufficiencto support a full mil
erat the Cmaila observes bata stile yy » the tribune, the city shetff a
scourges rerain theit standard roles. They do not have aniy increased authotity:hawever, but they do have a
larger degree of latitude in the performance of their duties-Note, however, edie ie opie
frequently happens after the battle — to legitintize the bloodshed in the reassuring'

Brujah rabble-rouser blackitailed into action by the prince wre Feferred to as the

Nosferatu primogen who slew so many of that Sabbat pack before succumbing to their claws tien een
deserted by the priftce's allies earlier), is romombered in the hetoie terms. bt ae shense surdone "by

Sabbat treason." >

Dwellinginthealleywaysthe arrensuburtsorevenin have hired themselves out to the prince in retum for
the wildemess, the Gangrel were expected tobe, ifnot some tolerance. Not every vampire can leave every-
the frst line of defense, something of adeterrent. After thingtheylove. ManyGangrel, whowereonce respected
all, hasn't every Sabbat fledgling, heard some horror as the first line of defense at the city limits, are now
story about the fate of a Sabbat pack straying into a reduced to fighting so that they might continue to exist.
Gangrel's temtory? The Gangrel fight like rabid wol- Chained, stripped of much status and respect, Gangrel
verines to keep outsiders away from their claimed — hounds are now beggars in their own cities. Many
prowling grounds; they gather intelligence, and in the — Gangrel elders are disturbed by this practice, and are
end, they can trap Sabbat invadersand stop them from considering a remedy.

escaping to regroup.

In retum for these services, the Gangrel were al- =" TYG CAMARILLAON

lowed remain members of the Camarilla. The same
protections and considerations were extended tothem, THE OQ FFENSIVE
equivalent in theory to any Toreador primogen. .
"ily z While the most celebrated Camarilla offensive
Since so many Gangrel have defected from the ie caterer ona ee Tae
Camarilla, and thus removed themselves from the stinst the Sabbat was the sah tn Maa

section of the prince and the Mesaucrade, many Fig" itis nor the only one. Recent years have seen
rocco of ie the MRC OS fal Chemmillaclicctves os Belornlaly, Polar

Mawar Sez
4


and Russia, Granted, the Camarilla does not like to
make bold, obvious moves such as merely invading a
city. But cities are treasures to the vampires. A city is
worth fighting and dying for, or better yet, making
others fight and die for.

THe CAMARILLA Tactics

Discussing the tactics favored by the Camarilla in
its offensives cannot really be discussed in any but the
most general terms. Sieges don't happen very often,
afterall, and each invasion is unique. Typically, the
same "tricks" used todefendonecity can be used toassail
another. But certain predilections have been noted.

Serine Loose mie ANARCHS

Deepin he iflessheaztof every anarchlingersthedesire
for «place to dwell, rest and hunt, in relative peace, where
theelderscarmwchurassthem with heir horrible,evi schemes,
aad every honest wampire has 40 acres and a mde. Offer
themataste ofthat, and they wil give you their hears blood
They were very useful for my oun considerations

—Sir George Hammond, acting Tremere Pontifex

of London, speaking in 1999

The anarchs are, in these Final Nights, a spent
force. Even before, they were rarely very mach more
than foolish neonates pretending thar they were rebels.
A few spectacularexceptionsarose from their ranks, but
even key events, such as the founding of the Anarch
Free State, were mayfly moments in the history of the
undead. The Sabbat has stripped away many of their
members, either into their ranks or to their Final
Deaths. Othershave retumed home to their sires. With
the Anarch Free State rapidly crumbling, most remain-
ing anarchs are a leaderless rabble

‘That makes them expendable weapons against the
Sabbat.

Anarchs are young. They are violent. They are
accustomed to the modem world. They are smart, and
they bring a startling originality to any situation. They
can meet the Sabbat on the Sabbat's terms. They are
also boorish, rude, ill disciplined, ignorant and fright-
fully naive. Noone misses them when they disappear or
meet their Final Deaths in some housine-project con-
flagration somewhere.

(Camarilla tacticians have many methods of prop-
erly manipulating an anarch gang, or an even larger
group, but a current favorite is the "Free State reborn"
stratagem. The remaining anarchs need peace, security
and a purpose. In the souls of their chosen leaders lies
the desire to ascend to the glorious heights of the class

struggle as did their heroes,
Jack and Jeremy MacNeil

"These are temptations that any savvy vampire can
dangle in front of the anarchs' idealistic faces. Perhaps
a primogen might suggest that he is willing, in the
medium term, to stand against the prince, and throw
down the Camarilla's authority in favor ofthe "justness
of the anarch cause." Pethaps a prince might confess a
secret admiration for the memory of MacNeil in the
presence ofan anarch spy. In any event, the trick isonly
as successful as the anarchs are gullible — few would
believe the aforementioned primogen unless he tem-
pered his starement with an indication that he might
look the other way while the anarchs took what
action they wanted. Of course, these intimations
often lies, but that can be handled after the
down.

Anarch baiting has proven to be a remarkably
successful formula for drumming up a lot of support on
short notice, and nor just to assault Sabbat cities. Any
cause, any stratagem orany intrigue willsuffce. London's
Tremere found themselves under attack from anarchs

npires suck ng

inlate 1998; the Tremere quelled the anarch resistance,

bur not without cost. Anarchs are dangerous and must
be used carefully

When using this gambit, a prince should ensure
that Camarilla agents oversee the anarch ranks.cThis is
tw keep the anarchs' idealism, enthusiasm and energy
channeled to where it is most useful — in this case,
toward some Sabbat stronghold. Of course, the agents
are also there to ensure that the anarchs do not get any
ideas above their station, such as tuming on their
masters or siding with the enemy.

Unlike most anarchs, the Camarilla
beyond the short term. Once the anarchs a
in elder intrigues, the elders want to keep them there.
Controlled, foolish neonates are so very useful, espe-
cially when the Sabbat triesto take the city back. Better
yet, the anarch leader, hero of the hour, can
allowed a stint as a temporary prince or some other
suitable position of influence. Who knows, if he is
good at the job, the elders may even leave him there,
certain that the job will, faster than the ravages of time
and immortality, make the anarch one of them. Ifhe is
notso successful, hisown supporters might remove him,
creating a power split and allowing the Camarilla to
formally mend things.

(Coa Ov Tit how Tone

B


Quter WARFARE, THE FAVORED SOLUTION
‘This is by far the most common type of Camarilla

assault. Itdoesnotinvolveovert violence or evena lange

degree of risk. Itgoesona

and it may prove to be successful in the long run.

are crime ridden, polluted hellholes, Urt
‘unemployment, economic weakness and civil disorder
yples of a Sabbat-infested city. The Camarilla likes
to point these facts out to independent Kindred who
‘might be tempted to support the enemy. Look, they say,
at Detroit or Mexico City. Th
a perfectly good city, they say. Even a hint of these
problems would make most Kindred pretty nervous. A
ruined rust-belt city might make a fine place to gather
prey, but they provide little else to occupy a vampire's
infinite nights
Of course, Toronto is a Sabbat City. Montreal is a
Sabbat city. Tallinn, Estonia is a Sabbat city. These
cities are clean, wealthy places. The Camarilla calls
these cities "exceptions to the rule, showing that not
even the Sabbat can fully remove civie pride from their
‘mortal conquests."
‘The Camarila holds some of the financial and
ly. As one
Joes not own
nly holds a lot of stock options on it
not the Sabbat, that undermines the
bric of the city. Camarilla agents
divert investments away from the city. Corporations,
whose major shareholders include more than a few
‘Camarilla elders, change their labor practices, divert
their inward investment programs elsewhere, thereby
ruining mortal livelihoods. I is a slow process, but
within afew years of acity falling tothe Sabbar, the city's
economy often liesin ruins. Itbarely survivesin the face
‘of global economic pressures, and the process, once
started, rarely ceases without Camarilla intervention ot
massive overhaul on behalf of mortal residents.
Thisis not to say that the Sabbat could not make a
city fall apart by its own negligence, however. And, if
the Sabbat has cufficient resources and financial con-

economic strings of the world very ti
European ancilla put i, if the Camanill
the world, itcert
ItistheCamarill
economic and soci

tacts itcan counteract the Camarilla economic assault.
But this is not common,

As the city decays, the Sabbat has fewer options.
Morale in Sabbat ranks weakens, especially as the
beautiful city they fought and suffered for falls asunder
about them. The Sabbat leadership has less access to
resources, from cash to contacts to healthy mortals to
feed upon. The result isan increased claustrophobia, a

siege mentality developing among the Sabbat, and,
eventually, a destabilization of the Sabbat leadership.
‘The Sabbat, used to dynamic conflict, must then deal
with a new, more defensive, more reactive reality.
Younger pack priests and bishops accuse their superiors
of destroying the city and then challenge the elders for
leadership. Monomacy sapsthe coherence of he Sabbat
domination of the city. As individual Sabbat become
increasingly obsessed with the nightly support of theit
doomed city, the Camarilla quietly moves its agents
into the city. These are not necessarily ghouls or even
mortal retainers, but hirelings who are unaware of the
Damned nature of their bosses. These agents are there
as realtors, investors and carpetbaggers. Their job is
simply to buy property and influence.

"These agents are in effect, purchasing havens for
thenext wave of Camarilla operatives, who follow some
years later. Meanwhile, the Camarilla acquisition of
swaths of local property continues. Urban renewal
developments spring up, building gated com
for foreign corporations, for example, which become
the havens for the first Camarilla Kindred in the city.
But vampires do not follow immediately, pethaps re-
quiring another half decade to prepare the way.

The frst infiltators come to a city legally primed,
set up with the infrastructure necessary to support a
Camarilla presence. The city is filled with contacts
among the mortal population. The first-wave infiltra-
torsare usually neonates, with very little experience —

Storvrettinc Qurer WARFARe "

Quiet warfare isa perfect subject fr a onge-term,
Machiavellian chronicle. Itrequirespatience, intrigue
andl spying on the Sabbat as-well as dealing: with, |
external pressures as Carharilla politics endanger the:
corn sl pee! fra nel ma Lo
powered coterie, Indeed, the
Embraced by theirsirsin the
may sneak in and out of town, pte m
almost everything they do, suey judging the charac-
ters, placing almost unbearable pressures.on the
confused, terrified fledglings. They may even become
friendly with local Sabbat who suspects them of being.
just another pack, oreven sone particlatly clueless
‘nomad pack setling in, The chronicle could climax
when the Camarilla coup occuits; pitting the charac
ters against their erstwhile allies — or their sites — as
they try to survive when all they worked for in their
valves comes undone, whilea decade-old Cama
plan.comes 10 fruition. y

Mower Sece


otherwise they may know just how much peril they are
in. Coteries are told that its members may become the
primogen of the city in the wake of the siege. Who
knows — they may, but it is far more likely that they
suffer Final Death in some Sabbat skirmish fist.

ome time later, a second wave arrives, of older,
‘more experienced Kindred. Nosferatu spies wander
in and out of the city. Slowly, the Camarilla watches
and learns.

"This strategy has been in effect for a long time in
almost all of the greatest Sabbat cities, A city has never
fallen tothe Camarilla in this way, bucitisonly amatter
of time, perhaps a decade, at most, until many of these
cities belong to the Camarilla

THe CLANSAT WAR

It is important to realize that it really makes little
difference which clan a Lick belongs to. Clans are not
lockstep "reams" or even races, but rather families of

ine's inherited curse. They are all on the road to

snation, whether they call themselves Toreador or
Lasombra, But the curse brings certain edges, in the
form of Disciplines, or even mental states, that the
elders of the Camarilla, even though they themselves
have sometimes abandoned such prejudices and illu-
sions, strive to cultivate in their young.

BRAK

‘Young Brujah can often expect little more than a
short, violent and brutal unlife. Their elders look at
them witha degree of iritated indulgence. Dragged into
unlife curséd with uncontrollable rages and
these neonaigs seem to have ite place in the

sent, the

youth as :
fodder. O1d@EB
bur if the

city and carry the bat
predominantly from the #olent, young underclass of
(Geral cles; Helis Wedgie ae. dex to
believe in something. Opposing the Sabbat, they at
least have something to stand against.

Mapnessi
From the oe Cin is

Following the commencement of
teét of Oslo, several Black Hand vied
north to Bergen. Bat "act rofessional
killers, the Black * ie
ously confident of a repeat of their Pg
successes. The Comat es "city
were unprepared, "=

‘A small group of young.
across the pack,| irae
Deaths soon a
killers set Dhdececalties
too, were being observed.

They received
directing them roa

would know who they were, Th
to paint a red circle on,
bers of a Swedish
the city/as rein
the night wore on, the'
‘and more jose to,
‘was forced to hide inthe very
four the Camarills' armaments,
in paintyutterly lost in-an unfamilia
Ar ge Kinde found
7 the ceiling in the
lyclean. When taken
\. the Black Hand ‘mem:

about "the devil's
fice oe se Bo

Teemefged, indater

who mi neti

addemented game of bidesan

streets, He used the np

constantly whisper strange thifigs into che pack
leader's ears, making the inereadingly. ne

orders from "above" seem perfectly

Then, when che Sabbat were trapped in oA

warehouse, Lyder Krohn, the Malkavian, asked

the pre scot ghoul sue the Wace
couse so that its bounty i ected ht

Recite. Acasa the Bh aap

Ehantod the prince Ol the Gey whch ae

them for the'suntise, some nights fater
2. ah WERE

I, ars

(Gen Ove Tie how Tons


MALKAVIAN
Malkavians di y fit into any clear
rupts. Buttherein liestheirstrength.
Th npredictability, which is both
ablesing: An enemy simply cannot predict
whataMalkavian mightdo. However, certain Camarilla
cekders treasure the Malkavians for this
which sometimes inclines them toa fearso
sadism or hideous creativity in their yjolence. A
Malkavian can inflict the soft of hog6f#fiakeaitlemor-
alize or even destroy event thesm¢smr@silient fc.
However, if faced) ithiehi@ir antienbu brethren,
both sides may beeémeeutiously obsessed sith cach
other and attempt ad ouidoeh et. cotneerparts in the
most bizarre apdiek yams, ustally played on mor
talsor othen¥annpiniécombarants, These games serve
no tactical| purpése and are more akin 16
reflectionsonthembleauofviolence goin o:
them than anj*teabpartoftthe battles Sane vampires
usually give syolt displavg a widesbersh, even ra the
extent of stoppitig theitfighesBipmucual consencand
moving ayayrto somewhere the Malkavians are not
1 dist e@t16n.
However, once the battle is done, the Malkavians

are neh favored for their skills a interrogating prison
ets. Malkavians often work better as supporters ofa sect
clash than on the frontlines. They also have, thre

theircombination of Disciplinesand precarious mental

states, great utility as spies, agents provocateur, scouts
and information gatherers, all with a high degree of
plausible deniability

Nosrerart
The Nosferatu are spies, ink brokers and
watchers. They see everything, hea ing, a
information is their cugreneysFor 2 price, they can find
anything over any seeret anthlook deep into the
enemy's plans and soneettigt
But the Nosftratilitevakss lord' of the ser
beneath the stréets — the sewers) subway tu
the strange caves offéineient times, the rivers
forgotten by theeityabove, The-Sarejust as important
othe vampit@ipdugriceovera eityasinfluence among
mortals
Therefore the NoSfemdaffen fight their own wars,
deep within the gloom/and stench below. The
their own battles unig dhe enemy into traps crafted
with such deftneSgastogive a Toreador pause. They call
upon hordes of animals, plagues of ats and cockroaches


to gather information of an enemy's position, and for
pure psychological warfare

The clichéd view of the Nosferatu spy is also
challenged by stories of terrible Nosferatu warrior,
whose hideous visages and deadly combat abilities can
make enemies flee before them. The justicar Petrodon
wasone such warlord, accordingto sources. Inthe words
of a veteran Sabbat templar, "By the time the fucking
rat's compromised his hiding place, he'sonly given itup
because he's behind you and doesn't need to be unseen.

tocave in yourhead with his nasty-assfists." Even when
they can be found, their Potence makes the Nosferatu
brutal foes.

But in sectarian conflicts, there have been suspi-
cions that the Nosferatu are not as scrupulous in the
observation of sect allegiance when confronted by their
‘toibu Ineten. Indeed, some suspect thar they play
their own games of brinkmanship, horse-trading and
intrigue in their sewers and across SchreckNET. Per
haps, some whisper, the Nosferatu, antitribu and
otherwise, are playing their own Jyhads against the
other clans. But these are only whispers, made by those
who fear that most despised of clans. It is entirely
possible that the Nosferatu do not fightin their sewers,
but rather use the opportunity to discuss, unobserved,
matters with their brethren.

Toreapor

The concept of the Toreador at war is one that
causes flutters of amusement throughout other
Cainites. However, in nights past, members of the
Clan of rhe Rose numbered among some of the most
feared of vampiric knight!
practice a martial discipi
as an art form, which
violent situations.

For the most part,
noncombatants. Some worl
skills in Auspex and Celer

nd to cultivate ae artical At times, entire

bloodbaths have been prevented by the timely arival of
a news crew or police cruiser. As to how they arrived,
why, it only takes one phone call to put a favor in
motion. You don't expect the Kindred to resolve their

differences by fighting do you?

‘Tie Treacne' §$WeRAKNESS?
‘From the almanac of Giovanni

Asan asid ae eat of
Clan Tremerst el recall a meeting bey

said, however, nmes
when it goes the world

be a point of concernfor the: Teme I Te is also.
apparently a mortal occltiss, Ir
pent Siar
not harbor similar fears for All of this
breagarsthe question: How powerularethe Tremere
iho ick ceed la,
swhatthenforthe clan? Whacthen for he Cathal?
My Trcmeiescontacts hive een unsorprisngly
then on the ie, |

Tremere

"Tremeresitualscandoalmostanythingfromscrying
‘on the enemy to boiling a rival's blood from a distance.
Ina war between the sects, that ys

pshing the
This rally
\of planning

in wartime for
le tothe Camarilla
‘occult power.

— their knowledge

In 1998, the Sabbat Tremere of House
apparently died by some mysterious fire. Without those

scarcely trusted Sabbat magicians, the Camarilla held
the balance ofteror in the realm of occult warfare. Idle
rumors of Sabbat magicians regrouping around Goratrix
the Betrayer or the Anathema Valerius Maior notwith-
standing, the Camarilla holds the occult advantage


Note, however, that Tremere Thaumaturgy is itu
nd one cannot very well start preparinga ritual
«tle, with bullets flying and violence
around. Sothe Tremere prefer to wor
from the frontlines. Preparation isthe key. It takes time
to work thaumaturgical rituals. Blood magicians must
research the rites and requirements necessiry to create
theireffects. The Tremere need the huxuriesof time and
resources to gather intelligence sufficient to make a
difference. The Sabbat, naturally, tries to deny the
Camarilla that very precious time.

till, one would do well not to underestimate the
Warlocks. Even a small chantry has powerful and
r defenses. But the Tremere do not work their
magic out of generosity or the goodness oftheir ashen
hearts. With each victory, or each defeat they avert,
the prince ofthe city, and by extension the Camarilla
influence and

whatever it is.

ava whole, cedesa little more prestig.
resources to the Tremere cause

Vextrue
The Ventrue claim royalty, the military, the
police and the corporate aristocracy of the new world
order. But in the diseased, alien minds of the elder
Blue Bloods, these assets are trusted to the modem
version of noblesse oblige. The Ventrue are hardly
paragons of chivalry, but the elders sometiqn
ic of their underlings la'.
‘Ventrue warriors are renowned {orthet?!
‘ndskill in battle, butsoon enough every
Lick learns better ways of winn ait Subelecy,
Beepercing (all the
incaining the digniqagofrtrue noble) are the
ks of Clan Ventry

whilem

clan status
sales the regard of one's peers is

excey int — by building her own web
of influence, inay of course be used to aid the
ect. Toa He willa, warring with

into power — butalso
ome a strange obsession
ime of the more martial Ventrue. They
test the limic of their elde
npting to provoke conflict with the So
they may prove themselves in battle
Wise elders allow these fractious youth some
latitude to cause their own problems, and solve them.
II, how one creates leaders. However,
this almost dec
quences on oc

DEFENDING THE

Ivory TOWER

A waris not wom by the "good guys." A war is won by
those willing to compromise thei nightly morality in order to
defend their deepest ideals. The Camarila isthe greatest
embodiment of that re, its members having, from time to
time, compromised almost every trait of huanan moralicy, in
order to defen the world from the ravagesof the Sabbat. The
Camanila is not a kind instiution, and it is not a fair
instinaion. However, armies are not kind, and they are not
fair. The Camarasa omganizatin that defendsts ideals,
cand defends the kine from their greatest enemy. You believe
that we are a political and social organization. I say to you
that politically, socially and physically, se are no different
from the ancient Romans or the Americans during World
Warll. We are fighting a war —avvar that] willsee us win,

— Karsh, Warlord ofthe Camarlla, ina statement
to his archons

To newly Embraced childer, or to anarchs looking
in from the outside, the Camarilla is a soft target,
waiting for the Sabbat co gut it and end its corpulent
unlife of idleness. To those who have existed long
enough or seen the Sabbat try to take a Camarilla city,
theCamarillaisrevealedasamachine that neversleeps,
that forever grinds toward domination and victory.

The Sabbat is continually frustrated by its inability
to sweep across the workd and destroy the seemingly
weak Camarilla. The Sabbat wears binders, the same
blinders worn by the Camarilla's critics and even some
of ts defenders. What they all fail tosee isa pattern and
purpose that has been hidden by some of the greatest
players ofthe Jyhad. The Sabbat is built around war by
any meansnecessary. They fight until the last packmate
dies, justo defeat the Camarilla. Buttheirlimitedscope
cof conflict sthe reason they have such trouble with such,
an "easy" target.

The Camarilla was built from the ground up as a
pillarofideological supremacy. The salons, Elysium, the
subtle games of starus and prestation, ae ll designed to
help the Camarilla win the war with tts enemies. The
Camarilla and its secretive leaders seek to define the
battlefield then fight the battle in ways the S
cannot and will not

bat

ToBuipa Wor :p...

To a childe just released into Elysium, the night
clubs and other social settings that make up Kindred

Mona Seat

Ey


society, the myriad rules and customs may seem bewil-
deringand deadly. Say the wrong thing, bow the wrong
way or owe the wrong person, and social ostracism or
even Final Death can be the reward. A neonate often
feels this way even after being trained for years as a
fledgling, and even the Ventrue find themselves clean-
ing up after their progeny from time to time. It's one
thing wo play the grand game with training wheels, but
it's something very different when your sire won't just
show up and make the problem go away.

‘After years, and sometimes decades of mistakes, a
Kindred understands the flow and feel of her city and
grows comfortable with the rules ofthe Camarilla. Now
she begins to expand her reach, and use to her advan-
tage the rules that once victimized her. At times, she
turns around and takes advantage of the newest neo-
nates released by theirsires. The eycle begins anew; the
Jyhad continues, on however personal a scale.

Now imagine that you are a Sabbat Cainite sent to
infiltrate the Camarila. You know the Traditions, and
you leamed about the rules of Elysium from a very old
archbishop. Tonight you will walk into a Camarilla
Elysium and introduce yourself as a Camarilla member

‘gat PRIceORWispom
the almanac of Ludo Giovanni

Ie ties occur Fashect re
dred and self-serving: Camanila Kindred out there:
"Hey, we know the nules of the Camarilla, Why
couldn'twe he ere
money?" Two main reasons
treachery. Fist, we don't know she'
«ws we think, Lonce tried to sneak
« Brujah and was caught within dire
the elders ofthe clan, Keep in min
Bryjah, considered brat
‘woest internal

=

princesdon'teven wane,
soknow whacyou're up eg)20 longa iedoese't Violate

The Camarilla maybe seMant ba
alonie most of the ti

the Traditions roo much. The Sabbat, onthe other
hand, is like an enormous ant edlony. Sure, they're
really efficient and good at fighting, butt they're also
incapable of doing much else besides that Ae the
‘Sabbat are in acity, A girs Sevan
dence, That's why we don't rae tS

the Sabbac, It's just good business

er ia a al

from another city. Afterall, how hard could it be to
bend in with so many other "Kindred"?

The Camarilla hascreated acomplex microcosm in
which the outsider is easy to spot, and the entire room
thrills to drain what information or advantage they can
from someone who doesn't know the rules. Add to this
prince and primogen who all probe for flaws in order
tostay in power, anda scourge who is often on 's
widch from murder, and the average Camarilla gather-
ing resembles a vast exercise in social eugenics, not a
cocktail party.

Short-term infiltration by Sabbat members rarely
‘succeeds in the most Camarilla cities because of the
immense complexities ofCamarillasociety. Whatseems
like aset of archaicand arbitrary rules acts as sort of lie
detector forall visitors. Is he really Camarilla" If he i,
thenwhydidhe shake hands with the Tremere primogen?
It's traditional that common members of the city never
shake hands with the Tremere primogen; that's privi-
lege reserved for the prince. And how could he sit at
‘Nathaniel's table? Doesn't he even know where to sit?

‘What is this guy, an idiot... or a lar?

INFILTRATION

"The archons (and even some princes) have begun
their own programs of infiltration. The Sabbat has
become more aggressive, necessitating a more aggres-
‘sive response from the Camarilla. Part of this is a
program called "Innosense," devised by the Malkavian
‘elder, Dr. Douglas Netchurch. With the,permission of.
the Prince of Memphis, he has begun creating new
childer and reworking their minds, implanting deeply
buried suggestions and commands. He uses the super-
natural powers at his disposal as well as tried-and-true
brainwashing techniques used by cults and government
agencies. Dr. Netchurch implants what information he
knows about the Sabbat, along with an intense desire in
the victim to "fit in" to a new social group. He then
teleases these unfortunates near cities that have been
newly captured by the Sabbar, leaving them severely
injured and low on blood, These young Cainites then
stumble upon the Sabbat and tell a harrowing story of
their pack was ambushed outside the city, their assail-
ants wiping them out. Sometimes, these vampires are
accepted as legitimate members of the Sabbat and are
recruited into a new pack.

So ar, the program has been running for over a yeat
with no results. However, Netchurch's backers are very
patient. They re aware that the timeline ofthe project
is measured in years, not weeks. After two years in the

(Gare Ore: Tit how Town

31


Sabbat, one of the deeply implanted suggestions will
trigger. That night, the formerly loyal member of the
Sabbat finds himself at a pay phone, reading off the
locations of the Sabbat havens in the city to a very
interested person on the other end of the connection.
Dr. Netchurch and his supporters expect the first moles
to begin reporting in the next eight to 12 months. At
that point, Project Innosense will help the Camarilla
back the night.

Pottticsanp Poticy

Every election year, a city's government shuffles
around, and the same politicians often find themselves
re-elected to the same positions. They assthe same sort
of policies as they did the previous term, and then the
next election arrives, and the next.

But sometimes, the political climate changes. The
politicians finally tum serious about the problems fac:
ing the city. The mayor makes a passionate speech
sures that really make a difference. The city is cleaner,
safer and generally a better place to live. Women feel
safe going to their cars at night. The elderly can walk
their dogs again. Everything just feels better

This isn't what happens when the Camarilla holds
influence overa city. Many princes prefer theie cities to
be like over-ripe plums, with easily manipulated mortals
and officials with flexible morals. When the Sabbar
takesa city, things often fester, as the plumsplitsand the

blood of city soaks the ground. As of late, some cities
have confounded the leaders of the Sabbat by actually
becoming more idyllic after heing seized by Cainites,

One of the most potent advantages the Camarilla
holds over the Sabbat isthe influence of mortal institu
tions. Members of the Sabbat largely find the concept
distasteful and beneath them, leaving the game of
influence to the Camarilla and the independent clans
Many Lasombra and Tzimisce have interests in that
area; they usually keep their dealingssecret and limited,
like a bad habit. On the other hand, the princes and
elders of the Camarilla treat the gathering of influence
like mortal executives treat dinner parties, as a natural
part of existence. And those elders have used this
weapon with gusto, sending police after Sabbat leaders,
cextraditing Sabbat warlords and condemning buildings
suspected of being Sabbat havens.

THE Doomspay Boow
All the classic influence tricks in the world some:
times fail, and the forces of the Sabbat manage to grab


city from the Camarilla. In times past, the members of
the Camarilla still surviving by then would flee the city,
taking what personal belongings they could and leaving
the rest, With the aggressive push by the Sabbat on the
East Coast, princes and elders have devised a new
method for leaving a city, a way that elevates the term
"Sore loser" to its own pedestal of honor. At a private
symposium held jus for this purpose, a group of princes
and former princes codified this method into a thick
black binder. With a flair for the dramatic, they called
it the Doomsday Book. Almost upon completion, the
volume was confiscated by a previously unknown ar-
chon. To the princes ar the symposium, that was the
stamp of approval they had been looking for. Afterall,
archons don't confiscate stupid ideas, just dangerously
clever ideas.

"The wise Camarilla princedoesnocwanca well-run
city with efficientpolice anda good school systemas her
domain. In fact, many princes spend a great deal of time
and effort avoiding that rosy picture. Ifthe police are
corrupt, they are corruptible bythe prince: Nobody likes
an honest cop if it's close to dawn and you're trying to
arrangeaeleasefromjail Ifthe choolsare substandard,
sangs form, providing companions for the Brijah and
excuse for larger police forces. Poor utilities keep
some streets dark, making hunting easier. Without a
street lined by nightclubs and cheap motels, the Kin-
died of the city sometimes go home hunggy. It isin the
best interests ofa prince to keep his city working — bur
not working too wel.

‘The Doomsday Book takes the conventional wis-
dom of the prince and tums it on its head. As a city
begins ofall tothe battle plan of the Sabbar, the prince
(or whoever sin charge at that point) may find himself
narchon witha thin black binder. To many
princes, that moment is one of horrible sorrow, for it
means that the powers that be have decided that the
prince's city isa lost cause and have moved to damage
contol. The prince reads the binder, accepts his new
role, and thearchon leaves, akingthe binder with him,
as quickly ashe arrived.

The Doomsday Book isshort and blunt, the opposite
cof most Camarilla writing. Irsersfortha listofactionsto
be taken by the prince before vacating the city. The
prince who performs them all will sometimes find
himself respected by other princes for doing his duty
even while losing to the Sabbat. The prince who fails to
complete the actionsof the Doomsday Book isseen as an.
utter fool, una cen lose properly.

(Gurr Ov: Te how Te
3

Doomspay FRAGMENTS {

From the abmanac of Ludo

I'venever seen the complete manual,buel'm |
compiling a list of some of its"commandiments."
This thing is definitely writen by acollection of |
elders, because it reads like a book of the Bible,
Here are some of the nasty ticks I've found out |
about so far

+ Creaie acurfew. All those underdrtpking age
should be banned from the streets from dusk uncil
dawn. This deprives the enemy of sustenance,

* Shut down nightclubs chatare patronized by
the lower and middle classes. Target the'trouble
spots first, but leave orders to continvé harassing
<lubs until few remain, Issue drug possession chars,
noise onfinance violations and health inspections
to eliminate these feeding grounds,

+ Clean up the police, Calpe it iveserv over

sightcommittee and give itreal power, Stopholding |
buck Internal Affairs An honest and/honorable

police force isa thom in the side of the Sabbae for
anonths. Do not allow then 0 fake p the bribes
where you left off

+ Make drug ceaffickinig ds difficult us pos-
sible before youdepart, preferably using the newly
reformed police department. Inform the Kindred
in your city who peddle in this'field tq stop
shipments, and send the newly clean police after
the remnants. Deny the enemy this method of
gaining-vessels and resources. A

* Repait the city. Let the city's maintenance
departmentfinally teplace thestreetlights andclean
the sewers. Give thea fimding and the wll touse it.
Deny the-enemy easy havens and dark alleys:

# If you have time, make sure the lawsof the
city are tight. Allow your city couneil ro pass
ordinances without loopholes and allow the judges
to govern by the lecter of the law, without your
interference, Make the laiy applicable to all, and
‘make sure that none arc above the law, In this way,
the sorrow you create tonight lives on for years, or
until we take back the citys

‘Weshould rake notesfrom thisbook.I'yénever
bbeen more impressed at how absolutely, bitterly
nasty the leadets of the Camarilla canbe. Fro
whatl've heard, this Doomsday Book hasn't stopped
the Sabbat, but it's been like hurning bridges when
retreating. The Sabbat has been slowed to a crawl,
since they're inheriting cities in which its hard wo
spit without being ticketed.

|
|
|
|
|
i
|
j
|

OE |


THe New Wayvs

OFWAR

Asthe Camarilla becomes more desperate and the

ional new idea succeeds, savvy elders have taken
to "asking" their progeny to use more modem methods
to study the Sabbat. Thaddeus Carter, a Ventrue neo-
nate, was Embraced specifically w analyze the Sabbat.
Based out of Rochester, and using his years of expertise
‘asamortal market researcher, he set to work trackingall

abbat captured, killed or encountered in the last five
years, building a better picture of the enemy. After
interviews with dozens of sherifis, princes and frontline
fighters, he found some interesting trends.

The Sabhat appears to have high numbers of
neonates, many of whom have only recently been
Embraced. Most of these fledglings left paper trails as
mortals untib just a few weeks before their second
deaths, By analyzing credit card receipts, parking
tickets and timecards, Thaddeus was able to show
that thé Sabbat creates shock troops for each attack,

using mortals in the city the Sabbat is about to
besiege. This information has spread throughout the
‘Camarilla, in the hope that mass disappearance of
mortals will give some warming of an attack by the

Sabbat that may be a few nights or weeks away.

Thaddeus' second discovery was that the Sabbat is
comprised of higher percentages of ethnic minorities
than the Camarilla. Large numbers of Latinos and
Ate snerivans populate the Sabbat, as opposed to
the more Caucasian-European mix of the Camarilla.
This trend is expected to reverse itself as the members
of the Camarilla bring more Americans into the fold,
but fornow, the Sabbatisoften much better integrated
than the Camanilla

‘Thaddeus Carter reached his conclusions based
‘on science and statistics. What the elders of his clan
did with that knowledge would horrify Thaddeus,
and anger most of the Camarilla. They have taken a
simple fact of demographics and turned it into a
weapon against the Sabbat that is at che same time
subtle and sickening.

Potricarty Incorrect

Racism and bigotry are good for the elders of
‘Camarilla and bad for the Sabbat. That is the simple
conclusion reached by the elders of Thaddeus Carter,
and their conclusion has fueled a direction to their
‘manipulation and influence of mortal sociery.

Driving WHEE BLACK,

Profiling is tool used by the police to narrow
therfocus toward people who appear more likely 0]
commie crime. To do this, police compile list of
visual and other signals that increase the probability
that someone hs coeur exe or will come
rn a crime. These signs might include wearing x
hheawy jacket in dhe summer, driving much slower |
chan the speed limit, wearing lange amounts of |
jewelry or looking nervous when approached by |
police officers:

The concer of many civil sights groups is the |
iseurbing regularity of young black men *march- |
ing" the description of a possible criminal. In some |
cities that use profiling to pull over and check |
random cats, the percentage nf Afficad Aiericans 4
pulled over is amazingly high.Civil rights groupsare |
trying to eliminate profiling' a police took while |
the police argue that its effectiveness is too high to |
te itt:

The elders of Maryland have embarked on an
ambitious and far-reaching plan to increase bigotry,
racial unrest and race-related violence along the East
Coast. They are pouring money into the coffers of hate
groups and are using their sway to promote racial
profiling by police officers as good law-enforcement
tool. As the level of intolerance rises, the Sabbat finds
it harder and harder to travel frely without being
harased by the mortal inhabitants of a city. For many
‘Sabbat members, mortals are a small distraction at
wort, and a quick meal most ofthe time. But to packs
of Sabbat warriors trying to quietly enter acity without
violence,a few thrown stonesand racial sursean set off
a sensitive member ofthe group, cause an open brawl
and blow weeks of careful preparation.

It''sunknown what the reaction of the Camarilla as
awhole will be if this tactic is eventually announced to
all Kindred. It seems to be working well, and every
weapon that helps the Camarilla isa welcome aid in
troubled times. On the other hand, many young Kin
dred may have severe problems with a policy that takes
civil rights and throws them out the window. The
remaining Spanish and Italian elders on the East Coast
also wonder who's going to pay for the inconvenience
this new weapon is causing them. Some archons and
justicars might alo find problems maintaining the aura
of moral superiority if they're fighting for a sect that
‘actually promotes racial hatred.

Mowcis Sect

Fy


ANew Hinpor Hinprep

Very recently, a group of Malkavian elders and
ancillae presented a new weapon to the justicar, a
weapon that every one in the Camarilla would like to
get their hands on. The Malkavians handed over five
neonates, wo women and three men. The twist is thar
these neonates seem totally unaffected by daylight and
act withasolidarity and single-mindednessthat terrifies
the fow Sahhat who have heard nimor of their exise-
ence. The neonates have been placed in the care of
Archon Delaurent, who guards their secret zealously.
The greatest interest comes from the Tremere. How is
it that a group of Malkavians accomplished in a short
time what it took the Tremere years t0 perfect? And

how did they manage todo it without any Thaumaturgy
or similar blood magic? Only the Malkavians involved
inthe projectand Archon Delaurent know forsure,and
none of them are talking,

Tue Great Dayticnt DRANK

‘Of course, the Malkiavians didn't accomplish any-
thing so grand as creating a new breed of Kindred.
Instead, they have used their gift for deceit to craft one
of such beauty that they have even fooled the Sabbat.

When the Sabbat began its new campaign of ag-
gression, a small group of Malkavian elders, led by a
European Malkavian named Dieter, decided that they
were going tocontribute their own weapon tothe cause
‘They sent out very subtle feelers into the mental hospi-
tals of the Eastem Seaboard, looking for patients with
certain traits that they would need for their "test sub-
jects." They ended up with 10 mortals, four females and
six males, who all shared the same batch of severe
emotional problems. They wereall sociopathic, theyall
hhad deep codependency issues, and theyalll had been on
medication for years.

More importantly, they each matched the height
and weight of one of the other mortalsin the group. The
Mallavians tugged gently ac their puppetstrings, andall
10 humans were discharged with clean bills of health
They then disappeared from mortal society and began
their new life in the condemned shell of an old high
school outside of Lansing. Dieter found it amusing to
teach them in a house of leaning.

Dieter had one secret weapon that was key to the
operation: He held a Tsimisce of the Sabbat, cap-
cured in a raid specifically for that purpose. The
Trimisce wasa mental vegetable, crippled so severely
by Dieter that she needed help feeding. With his 10
test subjects secured, he revealed his Tzimisce to the

other Malkavians. With the flash of insight unique to
the Lunatics, the others instantly saw his intent, and
his genius. This was to be a prank that would be
talked about for centuries. They waited for the

imisce to do her work, eagerly awaiting their
chance to help. The mortals were paired off with the
Malkavians, and then instructed according to the
new plans that fate held for them.

The pairs were brainwashed to believe that they
were two parts of the same whole. They could not live
without each other. One was light, the other darkness,
but they were the two halves of the same person. The
mortals were already inclined to obsess over someone
else, and eagerly latched onto each other, convinced

they had finally found their missing piece that
‘would make them whole. Over the months of alternat-
ing isolation and intimate indoctrination, the mortals
became more and mote tied to each other, often finish
ingeach otherssentencesand thinking more and more
the same.

Dieter called in several serious boons owed by local
ancillae and neonates. In exchange for the boons,
Dieter merely asked that they each Embrace a childe of
his choosing and then walk away. Most balked at such
an open flouting of the Traditions, but with the threat
of even deeper dept should they refuse, they eventually
agreed to this bizarre form of repayment.

The pairs of mortals were separated from each
other, a process fraught with crying and screaming, Five
wwere taken toa separate wingof the high school to meet
their sires for the first and only time. One was Embraced
byaMalkavian, two were created by two Brajah, one by
a Toreador, and the last was made by a Ventrue. The
sires left their childerto the mercies of the Malkavians
and met with Dicter to make sure payment was com:
plete, Fortheir sacrifice, he removed the memory of the
payment from their minds, ensuring that their sizable
boons were still owed. Dieter knew he was operating
well outside the bounds of the Traditions, prestation
and good taste, so a few more breaches of eti
wouldn't add much to his growing roster of sin

‘Thenew Kindred were givenamonth of trainingin
their newly developed powers, while the mortals were
taught stealth, intelligence gathering and urban wai
techniques. Along with such delicate practices, they
werealotaughthow coblendintoany city ortown they
would be sent co, and the Kindred leamed how to
sustain themselves without taxing areas with limited
feeding grounds. Dieter was carefully training them to

Gam Oe: Tit how Tow,

38


be perfect spies, careful investigators and perfect vam-
pire hunters.

‘Once both groups had leamed enough, they were
brought back together and cold the "truth." The dark
halves were now creatures of the night and would exist
during the times thac the sun did not show in the sky.
The light halves were creatures of the day and would
cexist when the sun was in the sky. The new Kindred fed
a bic of cheis blood wo their wins, making them ghouls.

Dieter then introduced the final two twists in the
project. The pairs were told that they were kept apart
from each other by a group called the Sabbat. This
organization believed thar everyone should be a part of
cach other, rather than pairing off with the person that
‘was youractual match. Thisenraged the newghoulsand

mpites. How could such heresy be allowed to exist?
Dieter then told them thar they could, if they wished,
help fight the Sabbat. A group called the Camarilla
‘would love the help of the twins. Al they had to do was
‘ining w fight the Sabbat, who were all dark

halves; withno lighthalftobalancethem. The Camarilla
‘would' give them direction, supplies and the chance to
"live" as they wanted. The pairs immediately agreed to
help. How could they noe? Dieterhad designed them for

just such a purpose. They could no more deny help to
the Camaeilla than they could fly to the moon.

THe Dav-Trappens
Archon Delaurent finds his new weapons incred-
ibly unpleasant to socialize with, bur he understands

their worth. He was hesitant rouse them at frst, fearing
that they might decide that Camarilla elders were as
easy to kill as the Sabbat. However, their constant
preaching about light and dark eventually irritated him.
enough tosend them intoaction, with surprisingly good
results. He now keeps them active almost all the time,
sending them into cities with known Sabbat activity.
They work asa single unit, their operations continuing
smoothly from night into day. They are so much alike
that they think similarly, act similarly and obviously
still look the same. From what they've seen of the
Sabbat so far, their "father" (Dieter) was absolutely
right. I hey are more committed than ever to wiping out
the Sabbat.

What Archon Delaurent doesn't know yet would
probably be enough to make him destroy the twins.
Now that they are outside of any supervision, they have
begun todevelop on their own in ways Dieter might not
have planned. They are freely teaching each other

whatever vampiric powers they can and have taken to
sharing their blood with each other on a nightly basis.
They are no longer a mere experiment but a cult of
personalities, a hive whose shared mind continues to
develop. Ironically, they have begun to resemble the
‘Sabbat more and more with each passing night, their
duty to destroy the enemy filling them with the same
religious fervor as their counterparts in the Sword of
(Caine. They areas out of place in the Camanilaas they
wouldbe in the Sabbat. Forthisreason, theyareabarely
contained disaster waiting to happen.

Most disturbing are the actions of Tessa, the
Malkavian of the group. She has learned a lot about
altering minds and has alo seen the handiwork of the
Trimisce. She has slowly pieced together what Dieter
did to them, and rather than be horrified, she is grateful.
Afterall, they are happier than they ever were before, so
why should they be mad at their savior? Tessa is so
grateful, shes looking fora new group of mortals that fit
the mold for indoctrination. The cwins currently seek a
Trimisce to capture, one weak enough to be persuaded
by Tessa and used tocreateanew cell oftwins. Tessaand
the other twins are convinced that itis their holy duty
to help cure other unfortunates by "twinning" them,
and teaching them how to fight against the collectiv-
ined Sabbat.

If Archon Delaurent continues to keep the twins at
arm's length, he may find himself with not one cell, but
multiple cells of fanatical lunatics, all intent on wiping
‘out the Sabbat, all of them fanatically loyal to each
other and the Camarilla. The question becomes, is that
‘a good thing ora bad thing?

Dieter is convinced that his project is not just a
‘weapon against the Sabbat but is instead the future of
psychotherapy. When the project began, he had 10
useless mental patients, all highly drugged and all of
them wasteful drains on society. At the end of the
project, he had 10 productive, motivated, self-sufficient
Killers all of them ready to go out and make the world
a better place. Couldn't this be applied to nonidentical
pairs? Dieter has published one research paper under a
pseudonym, advocating that codependency can be
healthy, if encouraged. Already the theory has con-
vinced afew mortal counselors, who encourage couples
to become more obsessed with each other, not less.

Some of the younger Malkavians question the
direction that this logic is headed. Rumors already
circulate among Malkavians of Dieter's experiments,
and some of the more lucid members are concerned that

Monae Sea


NewJersevarDawn
Something bizarre is happening in Newark. 1
ent report froma contact | have there

ing that Archon Delaurent has met a group of
able to walk around during the day! Here's

The guy know wis eying to wipe out apack of really
Sabbat that had been messeng around nis domain
ioral Bail-bond agents, the guys
rack you down when you skip bail: Anyway, they're.
tracking ths group of Sabhat through the back aleys of
Newatk and sudden this group of Kinde in black shows
1p, like terrorists orsomething. The bai-bondsys freaked,
almed down shen these neticomers sai that they
were the "goad guys."
The purstat comtired unel close to dauen, wath this
‘new group scouting ahead from time wo time, disappearing
for 10or [5 minutes while they checkout some clue orsign
My associate wells the bal-bomal guys hate has to go meet
his boss buat to call him when they find the gys they're
looking for. He leaned The next righ, hes got 6 irsene
message on his answering machine from the bail-bond
203. They eft tounannd won't work for him anymore, all
because of what happened when they found the Sabbat
From what they said; the group of five "good guys"
busted into this crack hone and headed staight for the
thasement. When the bal-bond guys got shee, dere were
‘or six corpses decomposing all over the basement there
blood everywhere, and the female leader of the guys in
Black was beating one of the crackheads with a clothes ron
The bail-bond guy evidently described it as "the sound of
oe fist prenching abot ofJelLO." Anyway, good mews,
1 The Sable vampites get hel asics hicked, al he
forces of freedom and justice prev
Here's the suistom the story: The attack im the crock
hose happened at 9:00 a.m., three hours after dawn If
the Camarila has Kindred dhatcan walk aod duringthe
day, we better gt some information on them; That sont of
capo is too dangerous wo not know about,
— Tony
Dear Tony,
T'l Took into it. Just make sure that those bail
ond guys weren't drinking, okay? I-don't want to
make inquiries for nothing.

— Ludo

the clan has stepped over some invisible line that
separated them from their counterparts in the Sabbat
The shocking return of a formerly lost Discipline has
only served to fuel the fears of some philosophical
members. They preach 1 + has corrupted the

Guns Ove Tc bow Toor
37


clan, and that the return of Dementation isa sign that
the Malkavians of the Camarilla have lost their already
shaky moral center.

Others scoff at such nonsense and hail Dieter as a
pioneer in previously unmentionable sciences. Tales
have also surfaced that a group of Malkavians in the
‘Tampa area is experimenting with a group of captive
Brujah, making them stronger through the careful
application of pain and torture. The rumor is that they
havefound some success, but how farcan research travel
on that path before the rest of the Camara finds out,
and reacts with shock and condemnation! Some scien
tistsamong the Malkavians still d
to show their faces after their "
rnany during the war

Meanwhile, Tessa continues her research and has
explained her findings to the other members of her
family. The Toreador ofthe group was very religious in
his former life and has begun to craft a new devotion to

‘The Diever." He believes that Dieters their savior,and
that he and his assistants are the only ones capable of
duplicating the "twinning" that created che initial

batch. Tessa finds such talk ignorant but does not
dissuade her broodmate. Instead, she plansfor the night
she can create a new hive and use it to destroy the

god that her broodmate has raised. Dieter may find that
his creation returns to its home, unwittingly re-enact-
ing Mary Shelley's tragic story.

RalsING TREMERE AWARENESS
One of the most frequent first targetsof an attack by
the Sabbat, asmentionedabove,isthe Tremere chanty.
The Sabbat is relatively weak with regard to blood
‘magic, and it's essential for them tocripple the Tremere
carly inthe fightorsuffer heavy losses later. Likeanarmy
with no air force, the Sabbat tries to blow up the planes
‘on the ground before they can take off and bomb them
from the air. Because of this doctrine, the Tremere have
suffered heavy lesses at the hands of the Sabbat. The
have finally started to adape to the tactics of

st way for the Tremere to manage (his

at least two chantries. One is sealed
and never used — a blind or a decoy — and the
other is used as normal. The public chantry is as it
was in the past, often a singular building at a
remote location with a substantial library and
nd study. With
any luck, the Sabbat focuses upon it as a prime

luxurious surroundings for research

target in an invasion. At the beginning of the
invasion, the obvious chantry is destroyed, leaving
the Tremere with no apparent access to a gather

ing place or land prepared for rituals and magic

The Tremere know otherwise.

The Tremere who survive the initial attack with-
ddraw to the secondary chantry, sometimes called the
"battle chantry" by apprentices out of earshot of the
older Tremere. This utilitarian chantry is usually lo-
cated in an urban setting, in a nondescript building,
sometimes part of an office park, high-rise or even
goverment building. In some cases, the Tremere have
even acquited certain public records and obtained the
eystoalocal bomb shelter. Inside one of these second
ary chantries, the surroundings are plain — industrial
carpeting, bare concrete walls, foldingchairsanda good
fice-suppresion system. However, these hackupehantries
also house copies of most ofthe important books from
the main chantry (if not the originals themselves),
along with rooms for research, casting of rituals and
interrogation ofcapturedSabbat members.Each chantry
has different touches peculiar to the specific city, but
overly elaborate additions are usually seen as wasteful
anddistractingby those in theclan. These chantries are
supposed to be for times of war. They are not summer
cottages for those in charge

Such secondary chantries have been much more
difficul for the Sabbat to destroy. First off, many Sabbat
stilloperateunder the assumption thatonce the chantry
is destroyed, well, the chantry is destroyed. They rarely
bother to look for second and third chantries. Once the
Sabbat realizes that a second chantry exists in some
cities, its packs may sill find it difficult to locate, let
alone do anything to destroy it. the Tremere of a city
are forced to fall hack to a secondary chantry, they
already know they need righter security afterall, ifthe
‘manic Sabbat can unearth the location of their hidden
sanctum, someone's obviously been a bit loose-lipped.
By the time the secondary chantry isoperational, it may
even resemble a military checkpoint or police station.
Ie'srare thata Tremere hasa chance to fully invoke the
powers of flame or force, and a possible attack by the
Sabbat is sometimes seen by overly confident Tremere
asachance to "flex the muscles."

Such situations are the exception rather than the
rile. Despite rumorstothe contrary, chantries are rarely
impenetrable bastions of sorcery, guarded by scores of
Gargoyles and kept under constant surveillance by
computerized securiey cameras. While such things can

Mow Sect

8


happen, if all it takes for the Sabbat to find the chantry
isto look for the Gargoyle-flanked laser bunker, that
somewhat defeats the purpose.

THe War Room

What the Tremere took years to figure out, the
princes of the Camarilla have known for just as long,
‘The Kindred in the largest citiesin Americahave pulled
stringsand purchased homes builtduringthe Cold War,
homes that often feature long-forgotten bomb shelters
under the floorboards. The prince or an allly has one of
hisretainers maintain the home and keep it ooking like
every other house in suburbia. Icsits quietly, waiting for
the night that the Sabbat invades.

Imagine yourself as a housewife in a suburban
development, content to be outside the city center,
listening to reports on the news of rioting in the
downtown ar low imagine your surprise wher
handful of gray panel vans pulls up to the vacant
house across the street, and nicely groomed men start
unloading steamer trunks into the garage. Then the
luxury cars pull co the curb, disgorging men in suits
andties, wearingnice shoes and worried looks. Hmm,
must be someone getting away from all that awful
rioting. Maybe it's the mayor!

The prince and his aides often try to find homes
built in the '50s, as some of them have bricked-over
bomb shelters, perfect for shumbet. However, commu-
nications have changed since World War Il. From a
small house in suburbia, the prince and his staff keep in
‘constant contact with the surviving members of the
Camarilla, using cell phones and pagers to make sure
that all parties have complete information about the
current state of the threat.

It is in this communications bunker that the ca-
pable neonate has the greatest chance at power. Only
very young or very studious princes feel comfortable
with modem technology, and prince's closest advisors
are often eklers who can barely dial a pay phone. The
task of running a massive emergency communications
web falls to those mortals and neonates trusted by the
prince. From this tangle of cell phones, fax machines
and laptop computers,aclever neonate operator may be
able to alter orders enough to have his rival's haven
staked out or condemned, along with the haven of the
Sabbat pack. The prince's wartime haven is a fury of
funning neonates, yelling primogen and hurried deci-
sions that may affect a score of more of Kindred.

Meanwhile, the mortal family occupying the house
isoften relegated to hostage status, stuck ina back room,
witha loyal retainer to guard them. Thoughtful princes
make sure to evict the tenants or send them on an
extended vacation before driving over, but more thian
‘one prince has found himself with a victory over the
Sabbat and a handful of suddenly inconvenient and
‘overly informed mortals.

INFLUENCE IN Times or WAK

‘When a city isnot under siege by the Sabbat, every
member of the Camarilla uses what influence she hasto
subtly move things in the city against her rival in the
Jyhad, tothe benefit of her allies, or simply to make her
own nlife easier. When acity is attacked by the Sabbat
(or even more rarely, when the Camarilla attacks the
Sabbat first), che uses of immediate influence change
severely, as subtle plans lasting years fall by the wayside
for more immediate and forceful applications of power.

The Camarilla enjoys a huge advantage in the
influence game. For the most part, the Sabbat believes
thar mortals are meat and blood, not worthy of being
talked to or trusted. A few crafty elders among the
‘Sabbat still see the wisdom of keeping allies and con-
ely, the members of

tacts in the halls of power, but la
the Sabbat ignore the mortal realm. This leaves a
vacuum of power that savvy Camarilla elders afe more
than willing to exploit. The members of the Can
are the masters of mortal manipulation anduse every bit
of that talent when faced with a deadly horde of
bloodthirsty fanatics.

Bureaucracy
While mundane at first glance, this field of influ-
ence can become vitally important when fighting the
Sabbar. With the right connections and a few phone
calls, members of the Camarilla can have power cut to
Sabbat havens right before an attack, track down new
purchases of homes and equipment, delay the fire
department's response to an "accidental" fi
the sewers flooded or cleaned up.
Cuurcn
In the midst of a Sabbat invasion, those who hold
sway in religious communities must be exceptionally
careful, as they are playing with fire every time they
convince the clergy to take action. However, it is not
unheard of for the members of the Camarilla to allow
the various witch-hunters to be called in during an
invasion, assuming thar they can be dealt with after the

Gren One: Tit how Tomes,

»


PavetHeBanri |
From the alinanac of Ludo Giovanni

once spoke with a Nosferatu in Houston who

told me about his problems with a particularly nasty

pack of nomadic Sabbar. They ill knew how to mek!

with the earth and would just disippear when the suri

rose. The Nosferans found out that-they had been
sleeping in.a vacant éiey lor fora few daye- He allel
afew people he knew at city hall. Within 24 hours, he |
hand all che permits.needed to put ina parking lor.)
Whilehedidn't ay iether those Sabbathadgoneto |
ground long enough for him. to:have a. concrete ]
foundation laid over their temporary (permanent?) |
haven, know thathe makes ive dollars peccarevery |
night — seven onthe weekends. j

Sabbat are gone, orto subtly sway the moral pitch of the
flock. Even without using hunters, a wise Kindred c
atill use the power of a church to influence ha

mortals. A change or two in the tone of

sermon can set the congregation to organizing neigh
bothood watch groups. A sermon of fire and brimstone
canbe very effective atkeepingpeople off the streets the
night after. Ina pinch, the local church makes a
convenient haven for the night, as long as the building
itself isn't one of the few comerstones of True Faith left
in the world (and the basement isn't a bingo hall).

In one shockingly brazen incident, a Tremere in
Portland, Maine practically handed over a Sabbat
Gainite to the Inguisition. The zealots were suitably
agitated, and the city wasswarming with hunters within
week. It took months for the Camarilla to lie ow long
enough for the hunters to leave, but in the meantime,
the Sabbat backed out rather than deal with a city so
saturated in experienced hunters

FINANCE

When the Camarilla decides to go on the offen-
sive, those with influence in the financial world are
often the backbone of preparations. Need a dozen
vampire bravos smuggled into a Sabbat city? Those
Kindred with ties to the city's bursar's office usually
havea trucking company on the listready and willing
to assist. Require a safe house to put them in until
they're prepared toattack the Sabbat? That strip mall
hhas an empty store — one that a Malkavian has the
keys to. Need to wipe out the savings of a high:
ranking member of the opposition? The credit rating
of the city's bishop just went into the toilet.

Maw Sect


Having clout in the financial community can also
grease the wheels in other areas of influence. The local
‘union might not like working an 18-hdlur day to build
new defenses into your haven, but they happily work
overtime ifthedeal includesa briefcase fullofhard cash,
More importantly, influence in the financial world can
makeanyothersway much easier. A smart Kindred with
aceess to cash can quicken results in almost any other
‘operation that has stalled. For this reason, the Kindred
who write the checks are often sought after by the
movers and shakers in other fields of influence.

Heart
Blood iskey to the survival forevery Kindred ("Stay
inthe red."). In the middle of a war, the members of the
Camarilla often have trouble finding the safety and
time to hunt for sustenance. It is at those times that a
quick raid at the local blood bank can ensure afew more
nights of survival for the vampiric residents of the city

‘Those with sway in the health community are not
just limited to procuring blood. The Camarilla often
wes ghouls and mortals to fight the actual battles
‘against the Sabbat, and those who survive often need
medical attention with no questions asked. Add to this
the ability to havean enemy declared mentally unstable
and a threat to society, and those with influence in the
health-care sector are very popular during times of
conflict.

Legend has it thac a mental institution in Seattle,
‘Washington is still holding several low-ranking mem-
bers of the Sabbat in a carefully guarded row of cells.
Witha few phonccallsfroma powerful Malkavian, they
were declared an extreme threat to the general public,
and with the help of a well-connected Toreador friend,
the police knew just where to pick up the dangerous but
comparatively weak members of the Sabbat.

In times of (relative) peace, the Kindred with sway
inthe areasofart,culture and society has massive power
in the halls of Elysium, able co crush or create fashion
and popularity aca whim. When war comes to the city,
that same Kindred may well find herself relegated to
second fickle, with less to contribute than many others.
However, the social viper still has fangs.

One of the nastiest techniques of social warfare was
originated by Natasha Dubois, a Toreador from At-
lanta, She found herself stuck in a city under siege,
hunted by a powerful Sabbat elder and his pack. She
could not track him down, and he always seemed to be

intthree places at once. She finally found her solution by
doing to him what she would never do to an enemy in
the Camarilla: She made him popular. Within a week,
Dr.JuliusSurphen wasthe talkof the town and couldn't
go anywhere without it being written about in the
newspaper and gossiped about in clubs. Within «wo
weeks, Natasha had a good idea of where he was holed
up and had her ghouls set up a horrible trap. She still
shows friends the videotape made by her servants as
they broke in a blacked-out window and hung the
crystal disco ball from the window frame,

of thesun, destroying hischilde. Though the ruse didn't
destroy her rival, it destroyed the progeny of the bishop-
to-be. As Ms. Dubois is still known to quote at parties

when she visits New York, "Remember, sweetie, art
kills"

InpustTRY

Another workhorse in the world of influence, this
undervalued field of influence becomes vastly useful in
times of conflict. From heavy | beams to reinforce the
prince's haven, to cutting torches to remove the steel
door of a Sabbat stronghold, those with sway in indus-
trial circles can obtain a broad array of "raw materials"
and the means to build with (or demolish) them, given
night or two and a few phone cals

Gon Bress mieLAwvens

From the almanac of Ludo Giowannt

The necessity OF good-legal help can be best
demonstraced by a group of mortals, Byen if one
drags a promising mortal into the society of the:
Damned, her descendantsstillhaveaoeto teach ws
about being devious and los jog =i

During the Mob wars oft
‘had judges and district:
and paid for. reas cof this,
often went from.
within
Ee ae
night ond st

fhelbel als

awit tat one Mob,
three times in one,
made itco bed by dawn. It's easy to
rely on your friends who have contacts among the
police, but the they don't "contro!" any-
thing, They quietly suggest that the police Look the
other way, but there's alwayssomne individual of:
ficerwhowon'trakeahintfrom his sergeant. That's
when the legal help comes in When it'stwo hours
until dawn and you're stuck ini cell withawindow,
hhaving friends who know the jodge is @ lot nicer
shat siting and waiting.

(Cur Ove Tis how Toa,

a


A favorite trick of the Brujah in New Jersey isto
procure several trucks full of concrete and have their

lesdrive over toasuspected Sabbat haven during the
dlay. Backing each truck up to the basement window,
thealliesempty hundredsofgallonsofconcrere into the
building, leaving a high-capacity heater blowing into
the crawlspace to dry the mixture. This tactic usually
doesn't trap many vampires, but it ruins weapons and
equipment, angers the Sabbat who wake up covered int
conerete, and encourages them to sleep in the
aboveground floors of a building, where they're even
more vulnerable.

Lroat

Camarilla members must often cut comers when
fighting the Sabbat and sometimes find themselves
with ashotgun in their hand, police at dhe door and few
explanations for the blood on the floor. At times like
this, the ability to have the charges dropped is vital to
continuing survival.

Legal representation is also key to cleaning up after
the Sabbatleaves. Allies who fell into hot water because
of helping you are alot less likely co leave if you can get
them off with a few weeks of community service as

‘opposed to jail time. In this way, your mortal allies are
more likely to do a similar favor in the future, because
they know you'll watch out for them:

Mepia

This is the Holy Grail of influence during a Sabbat

attack. He who influences the media has power over the

minds of the mortal city. With minor amounts of

ing story can be bumped back a few

-w angry dinner meetings, the story can

disappear completely. When members of the Sabbat

ride motorcycles through the subway and shoot mortals

at random, it can be an unlifesaver to make such
unpleasantness go away, at least in print.

TRANSpoRTATION

Influence of he media or the police can be essential
for success during a Sabbat invasion, but the ability to
even briefly alter some small aspect of a city's transpor-
tation can be key to success on the rare occastons that
the Camarillais on the offensive.

In tonight's modem city, it's almost impossible to
close off a city from transportation due to the massive
freeways and highways cutting through almost every
urban centers, not to mention airports and train sea-
tions. However, it's still possible to make movement

| was once caught in a Sabbac invasion while
doing some business down in Dallas. Never heard of
a Sabbat invasion in Dallas? That's because as far as
almost everyone is conceméd, itnever happened. Let
me exphiin.

The Saha ee aa attackeforce, |
overly confident of victory. panicked,
because he's goa total of maybe two donee Kied
who make their havens in the eity and more than-a
few of them are Beujah who couldn'¢besubtle to save.
their lives. In fact, his main responsibility mast nights,
was to keep them from breaking the Masquerade,

The Saree se
Masquerade like untapped |

‘come ta dinner. The prince me ni
couldn't give it to pene ¢ ietesti
technically beans involv youknow.

how sy Sa gi
Heli fale eae

Nothing shows up in the pape: py

Nothing. It's like there's awhal
paints ieee

U -someone was up ad tol
the prince co not look a gift horse in the mouth, He
pecs ttatine cx donicproqccineiaed dl
‘trading shosgun! See gaa cp ie
coffee shop, the newapaper ‘on the bot
Rega sa tine crea Tien teocees ices
the radio says that a one-block area downtown wis
closed off due toa gas leak, and we there right |
away. Sure enough, che HO for the myasion wae in
the basement of a diner, right in that block. A few
hou later, the Sabbatare wiped our, and no one can
figure out who could ecntrol the media, Normally we)
push cr nudge che mortal insrirurions, but this was
lose to "control" as I've ever seen, and I've seen
powerful elders leaning hard on their influence net
‘works with Jess impressive resuls than this.

Two nights larer Pm checking out of sy hotel,
ana almost gee run over by a group of goons in suits,
surounding some shriveled little guy na wheel
Tho avin the felt ede elas
catches my eve. and I froze.He was old, older than
anyone I've ever encountered. stood their sweating
‘blood for almost halfen hour, and then I lefethareity
a fast as L possibly could: Thinking back, | suspect
‘that the Sabbat attack was mote of an annoyance
eared ei a thd, Bag op

hanged realiy, through the media, Being able to J
gommand the dead or break through' brick walls is
nice, bur i's nothing compared to being able to just
shut down a city's communications,

UNKNOWN ALETeS F
Prom the almanac of Laido Giovanni) = |

Mowon Sez


very difficult for enemies and easy for one's alles. Inthe
midst of a conflic, this influence tends to be all about
brute force. With almost every other area of influence,
the subtle hand wins the night. When the chips are
down, those with sway in transportation tend todo best
by acting decisively, and with an almost alanning
obviousness. When a subway train is speeding. across
town, and it's known that a pack of Sabbat is onboard,
a single phone call can mean the diff
vietory and defeat. The Sabbat C
ching is up when the train stops in the tunnel, but the
gamble is that by then they will be too late to do
anything about it

Rumor has it that the Chunnel fire of several years
ago was not entirely accidental. A group of very danger-
‘ous Sabbat assassins were traveling to England, and the
Kindtedon the other end ofthe tunnel didn'treally feel
good about sharing the wealth with the Sabbat (let
alone French Sabbat). In France,anigniter wasattached
to the truck, and in the Chunnel, the truck began to
burn. The train wasslowing toa stop when the control-
lerreceived a very persuasive phone call. The train sped
back up over its normal speed, fanning the flames even
hotter. By the time the controllerfelcbraveand stopped
the train halfway through the Chunnel, the assassins in
the truck were dust. The next three years were a cat-
andl-mouse game with investigators, covering up clues
as they were discovered, but the Kindred involved felt
it was worth the prolonged effort

Unperworip

Aronce rhehest weapon againer the Sahharand the:
‘most obvious one, a Kindred presence among the
organized criminals of a city can add allies at a time
when every trigger finger counts. Gunmen for the Mob
are used to working a job with ne questions asked, anxl
most Kindred who work with the Mafia feel that hired
Killers fall under the "ghoulyjetc." clause of the Mas-
querade. In other words, if the mortals never talk about
what they saw, no harm done.

InmostSabbatattacks, manyofthe SabbatCainies
are barely out of the grave and are unused to being
imdead or fighters. On the ather hand, those who once
lived the life of onganized crime legbreakers are very
accustomed to hurting and killing people for money.
‘Ack to this the ability to procure weapons, bombs and
ody armor, and the Kindred with his dirty fingers dug
intotheunderworldcanbeapowerfulcontenderagainst
the Sabbac, Of course it's sometimes hard to goback to

Dyno CanBeUserut
From the almanac of Ludo Giovani |
In Boston, not £00 long ago, we had a small |
problem with a group of brand-new Sabbat heavies |
‘who kept terrorizing my family, figuring we were
ceasy targets compared to the Camarille. We were
gettingsickofdealing with them, so wéarranged for |
dinner with the head of the local Mafia family, on
anight we suspected the Sahharthnige were gaing ta
try something.

Sure enough, they droveby jsabigpanel yan and |
gunned down everyone at ous table, We stayed! still |
until we got to the morgue, had our people working. |
there look the other way while we departed and then
counted ourlosses. We wouldeach neadanewimortal |
identity, since we had "died" in public: Theimportant
thing was, the Mob boss was dead. Was this bad ci
good? Good, in this ease,

‘The local Mafia family went crazy with grief |
and rage. They're still very big on family pride in|
Boston, partly to keep the flame burning from the
‘old days, s0 they geared up all their knuckle-drag-
gers and sent them after the Sabbat thugs. They
finally comered then in. this biker bar. My God, |
you haven't seen firepower until you've seen the |
Mafia on a bad hair day, Some Kindred say that |
bullets don't hurt us, but what they really mean is |
that bullets cause us Jess structural damages The |
thing is, with enough bullets, we still fuurt preity |
badly. The pain receptors still fire, unfortunately. |
Following one of our earlier suggestions, the goons |
‘took hacksaws and gut the heads off of the Sabbar, |
who they figured were bikers. Iewasn't a stake and
hholy water, but it was enough! The Mob got their
revenge, we got the Sabbat off our back, and every-
‘Snecame out feeling like winners. Except, ofcourse, |

for those poor headless bastards from the Sabbar. ...
> soit tort
subtle behavior after the crisis is done. More than one
Kindred has been foiled by his inability to give up his
new "toys," most of which are illegally obtained and
traceable by serial numbers.

Untvensiry

What could be more useles in atime of crisis than
influence over students and teachers?

On the contra ome clever Kindred find remark-
ably good uses for this overlooked field of influence. The
mental block that most Kindred create is to concentrate
con the people involved in education and lose sight of
the educational institutions themselves.

(Courts Ou Tit ho Town

8


Universities and even some large high schools are
like cities unto themselves. They have their own apart-
ments, restaurants, police and every other amenity of a
smallcity. Those few Kindred who take the time togrow
deep roots of influence in a university find themselves
avacity within a city. When the Sabbat invade, they
often have the same blind spot that Camarilla Kindred
have toward universities. Many Kindred find it possible
tosidestep a Sabhar invasion entirely, holing up within
their mini-city, watching the drama play out in the rest
of the urban jungle. The only danger is that the Sabbat
sometimes wins, leaving a few Camarilla Kindred iso-
lated in the middle of Sabbac territory. Suchare the risks
of diversion plays

An opposite tack was taken by Bruce Pittman, an
ancilla who was Embraced into Clan Brujah right after
graduation from Pinetree College in Olympia, Wash-
ington. He stayed there and built up quite a network of
influence until the Sabbat siege of 1984. The Ventrue
fought langand hard against the invaders, since Olym:
pia was the state's capital and arich prize for the Sabbat.
They weatheredsucha long (andeventually unsuccess-
ful) siege due to Pittman,

Pinetree College was built during the turbulent'60s
and '70s. Like many colleges built during that era, the
campus was built with huge tunnels connecting the
basements ofall major buildings. The tunnels were big
enough to drive acar through and were putin under the
assumption that student riots might occur at some
future date. The tunnelsallowed the National Guard to
evacuate the staff from all over campus without ever
havingrofightthrough thestudentsriotingaboveground.
Thestudents were toki that the cavernous trenches dug
during construction were for "steam tunnels" to heat
the campus.

Bruce Pittman had longago seen the advantages of
thesteam tunnels. When the Sabbat invaded Olympia,
heallowedthe prince andhisforces tocreate emergency
havens in the basements of several campus buildings,
with an exit emerging out the back of the college
sgrounds. With thissecret bunker complex in a location
the Sabbat would never suspect, the prince and his
Ventrve allies were able to continue fightingand even-
tually drive out the Sabba

Inothercases, presence in the hallsof academiacan
{0 unnoticed for a great deal of time. For almost 200
years, New York City had been widely accepted as a
Sabbat city, yer the Chantry of the Five Boroughs
operated therein foratleasthalfofthat time —centered

as itwas fist at Columbia University and then later at
Bamard College. More often than not, the Sabbat tends
wo overlook pockets of quiet resistance. Hiding in those
blind spots may serve the Camarilla well.

CONTROL VERSUS
INFLUENCE

These inexperienced in the ways ofthe Jyhadoften
blunderinto the fieldofinfluence with only avagueick
of how touse itproperly. They hase their understanding
‘on conspiracy theories and television shows, in which
all-powerful masterminds sit behing large desks in di
lighting, ordering their minions about and smoking
endless packs of cigarettes. The elders find this sort of
naiveté quaint and often chide the new recruit for his
foolishness. They know that true influence comes by
showing the mortals why they want to tke certain
actions and by trading favors with those mortals. Being
able to convince a lawyer why he should lie in court is
much more useful than being able to Dominare his
mind. If you end up owing him a membership at the
‘country club, so be it. Paying back favors is usually casy
when you have the resources of an undying schemer.
However, for all their savvy and intelligence, these
same elders can make the mistakes of a neonate when
the Sabbat comes knocking on the door

The members of the Sabbat rarely involve them:
selves in influencing mortals, but those whodo often do
itvery well. To outside observers, the elders of the Black
Hand seem to have no scruples and appear to be coldly
dispassionate players ofthe influence game, The elders
of the Camarilla are often resentful, fearful of Final
Death and nervous about taking risks, In the midst of a
war, even ashadow war, the elders ofthe Camarilla can
‘often become as awkward asthe neonates they mock in
"peaceful" times. They seek tocontrol the masses rather
than influence them, hoping to remove the clement of
chance from the Jyhad. Ina chess game against passion-
less, inhumane opponents, thar sort of sturmbling can
spell doom for an entire city.

Waris... Opportunity

Conflict between the sects isa landscape of sorrow
for many, hut a landscape of opportunity fora few. The
‘Camarilla isa static, slow-moving behemoth with few
chances for the young to advance in power and prestige.
However, conflict changes all of that. When a prince
feelscometed and helpless, shredoes not care who saves

Mawar Sece

4


PraomatteZeatotry
From the almanac f Ludo Giovanni

| once asked a Brujah neonate why he was j
setting ready to head across the country and fight
the Sabbat for a clutch of elders who represented
everything he hared. His amasitighy pragmatic an=
swer explained to me why the Camarilla will never
lose to the Sabbat: "l hate: our elders and theic
egotistical political crap: The thing is, I hace the

‘Sabbat elderséven more, At least the Ventre leave |
ine alone when I walledown the street. The Sabbat
is like chose guys who kill abortion doctors in the
interests of preventing murder. I wanted tostrangle
them when Lwas mortal, andnow L¢an... with the

Hlessings of the guys in charge." j

her domain, whether itis an elder or a rank neonate.
The ongoing war with the Sabbat isa source of constant
worry and irritation to the elders of the Camarilla, but
to many wily neonates and ancillae, the wae with the
Sabbat is just the outside agitation they need to climb
higher up the ladder of success.

In fact, the Sabbat actually wins many battles but
will almost certainly lose the war. Every victory against
the Camarlla displaces a handful of elders and leaves
power vacuums within clans, while every victory by the
Camarilla against the Sahbat is often due ta the quick
thinkingofa young vampire witha good sense of timing
Without an enemy, the Camarilla would tum inward
and eat itself —more so than it already does. Inthe face
of the constant threats posed by the Sabbat and the
anarchs, the Camarilla remains unified.

How To Kitt Your Enemies
AND EARN PRESTIGE

‘The neonate who wants to climb the social ladder
of the Camarilla follows five simple guidelines

Avoid violence. The average "war" against the
Sabbat isn't two sides facing off like British and colonial
troops in the American Revolutionary War. I'saseries
of three-on-one gunfights and the occasional. pipe
bombing of a suspected safe house, combined with
panicked and desperate power plays using mortal influ
ence t indred hold only tenuously. Only the
most brutish Brujah wade into that sort of bloody
conflict without worry, because they're built for com-
bat. The Gangrel used to join in, but they're only in it
for the money now ot to save their own Damned hides.

Gums Ove: Tat hors Tow
5


‘The wise neonate stays out ofthe direct violence when
she hasany chance ofFinal Death, and instead helps out
from the sidelines or behind the scenes.

Coordinate influence. If you have some sway over
the downtown hospital, and youknow anotherneonate
with influence among the downtown biker gangs, work
with her todevelop some "synengy," asthe Ventrue like
to sy. Ifshe knows that her biker gangs can get quick
treatment at the hospital downtown, she's more likely
torally themagainstthe "rival gang," which is tosay the
Sabbat. After the battle is won, you both look good to
the prince.

Keep moving. The Sabbat isn'tthe horde of slaver-
ingfiendstheeldersoften paint themas. ts members are
Cainites fighting a holy war. They are often tactical
geniuses, able to track down your haven and kill you
where yousleep. Avoid complacency and keep moving.
Use cash instead of credit and sleep someplace new
every night.

Avoid patterns. Most mortals follow the same
pattern every day, with only minor variations. The
Kindred, static and creatures of habit, are even more
likely to visitthesame clubs, shop at the same storesand
walk the same streets every single night. To a trained
Sabbat killer (ora mortal hunter), patternsallow for an
casy and predictable stalking. Avoid pattems. Embrace
randomness. The Malkavians are dangerous because
they're unpredictable. Follow their ead, while avoiding
their penchant for screaming insanity and child stran-
sling

Take calculated risks. A well-crained force of
religious fanatics has just decided that your city is their
new stomping ground. Youwill mos likely bedestroyed
within a month. The clever Kindred has no better time
than the present to take a few risks and hope fora big
payoff. Smart Kindred know that most neonates in the
modem nights never achieve more than marginal
amountsof power, and that timesofcrisisdre oftentimes
of opportunity. When the coin toss is between death
and the possibility of real power, many neonates gladly
flip the coin and hope for the best.

FIGHTING Fire WrTH Fire

‘The Sabbat hordes take few prisoners, ignores the
Masquerade when it suits them and Embraces mortals
with wanton disregard for the lives it ruins or the world
it affects. Camarilla Kindred are hard-pressed to deal.
with those factors, and the leaders of the sect have often.
been accused of being slow to change tactics and fight

the Sabbat on its own ground. In fact, many neonates
and ancillae have decided that if the Camarilla elders
‘won't protect them, they have no choice but to protect
themselves. Usingthecommunicationsnetworkhanded
to them by the advent of the Intemet and cheap cell
phones, these young Kindred have already made some
inroads against individual Sabbat packs.

TuHeCrew

This network of neonates and ancillae grew out of a
coterie in Boston that decided it needed a paradigin shif.
Rather than wait for the Sabbat to attack a city and follow
the ordersofCamarilaclders, the Crew decided ofightfire
with fireand leam more aboutthe Sabbat. Maybe then the
Sabbat could be fought on its own temas, on its own tut.
Under the adept hand of a Nosferatu in the coterie, the
(Crew sentout feelers across the Intemet and tothe e-mail
accesses of young Kindred along the East Coast, inquiring
about interest in this radical departure from standard
Camarilla tactics. What they received in rerum was an
avalanche of enthusiasm.

ThenerworkknownastheCrewnowstretchesthrogh-
cut the United States and pars of Europe. Members of this
loesecahalresearch the Sahbat,oftentakingdangerousrisks
tofindinformation aboutthe tactics, beliefsand weaknesses
‘of the enemy, Individual cell of the network pass that
information on toother ces throughout the group, s0 that
alll members ofthe Crew share in the gained knowledge. It
's quite an impressive organization, especially for Kindred
normally asumed to be powerless members ofthe ivory
tower Indeed, the Crewhasaseemingly inestimable degree
‘of contacts and informants, including members of the
anarchs, the Unbound, SchreckNET, and even, some
whisper, the paranormal researchers ofthe Arcanum,

This alliance of the young has not gone unnoticed
in the higher levels of the Camarilla. The elders have
their spies in the network, always eager for more infor-
mation without risk to themselves. Several princes
Know about this information exchange, though they
often do not care if the neonates trade secrets that
everyone knowsalready.Itisrumored that justicarhas
heard of the Crew, but if one has, she has taken no
action. However, some aspects ofthe Crew would make
theeldersofthe Camanilla verynervousifthey bothered
to look deeper.

Secrets Revealed

The Crew has discovered some interesting infor-
mation about the Sahbat. This information might be
widely known to the more powerful members of the

Manca Sea


‘Camarilla, but to these new players in the Jyhad, every new revelation is fresh and surprising

‘The members of the network now know that the Sabbat occasionally uses mass Embraces as aquick-and-diry
method to build up the mobs of Cainites they sometimes hurl against the Camarilla, and they know that the Sabbat
ignores the Masquerade at key times, at least while attacking the Camarilla, The Crew also knows that individual
Sabbat run in coteries called packs and tend to stay together in communal havens. They know that the Sabbat
disdains mortals,and doesnot curry favorandinfluence among them. They alsohave some vague idea ofthe reli
fervor of the Sabbat, but are unsure whether the devotion to the sect is genuine or justa front to distract outsiders
from the truth. The Crew has little knowledge of the Vaulderie; its theories regarding the Sabbat are sometimes far
off the mark. However, what itdoes know has been enough to convince them that they need tochange their tactics
fom the reactive, politely human defense they have been conducting in the time ot Sabbat aggression.

Walk Like You, Talk Like You...

Altera year of information gathering, the originators ofthe Crew summarized the findings of all the neonates
and sent out a compilation of that information plus a report suggesting changes to the structure of the cells in each
city. The changes were summarized at the end of the document.

io Su

Bach crew coir worrawice.


‘Orger to get a sen—

ime

cecanrntinier st Se

‘$0 the member of the team ass zi

cay ae

Of thear


Conrusion AND Concer
The Crew has managed to defeat a preliminary
incursion by the Sabbat in Seattle, overrunning the
haven of the Cainites while they prepared for their
second round of attacks. They have continued their
information gathering, and several cities now have
neonates with quiet black cell phones, neonates who
seem much mote sure of themselves and confident
about existence than the average toady to the elders.
‘The reaction within the Sabbat hits been one of
confusion. A ductus in San Diego managed to comer a
Crew member on a solo scouting mission. As she
cowered in the comer, he used his considerable mental
powers to made her speak the truth about her purpose.
She babbled something about failing her priest and
betraying the Crew before the rest of her friends arrived
anal opened fire. Shockingly, she threw herself into the
oncoming gunfire, ensuring her torpor, if not death,
After checking to ensure that no other packs were
operating in the area, the ductus spread the word that
cology of anarch had surfaced in the area,
group far more fanatical than in the past, and with an
obvious past link co the Sabbat.
Forall its simple success, the Crew has a fatal flaw.
Its methodology is that of the Sabbar, but without two
crucial pieces of the puzzle, the Crew is probably des
tined for failure. The Crew lacks the Vaulderie to give
itunity, and most importantly, it lacks the strict Paths
that leaders of the Sabbat sometimes follow. The mem-
bers of the Sabbat are able to commit inhuman acts
because they are inhuman, following ethical codes that
are far differen ho jals. On the other hand, the
Crew commits the same or similar atrocities while
tryingtofollow amoral code that doesn't work in night
tomnight practice. Those who (unwittingly or not)
follow what some all the Path of Humanity cannot kill

|

BRINGING THE SABBAT
ro Heer
From the almande of Lado Giovanni

I've seen the Camanilla act like a horse,with
blinders. But I've also seen a lot of very clever
Kindred fight very harcito keep thetrunlives incact: |
Influence is invaluable, but when. it's you against |
three Sabbat in the boiler room of an abandoned
housing project, the gifts of Caine are untlifesavers, |
literally. ['yve suramarized below some of the most |
clever and nastiest tricks P've Seen. used by the
Camarilla against the Sabbar, eategonzed by the
primal powers of the undead. Enjoy!

wantonly — for whatever cause — without eventually
falling to the Beast. The Crew is probably doomed to
descruction by its lack of moral compass. The members
are like children trying to imitate adults without under.
standing why killings wrong, orhow the Sabbat can see
ic as right

ANIMALIS!

To oblivious and thoughtless Kindred, this Dis-
cipline is just a waste of time. Of course, many
Kindred swear by it and love its versatility. 1 once
knew a Gangrel who called hordes of rats and stuffed
them into a wooden crate. He'd get a crew together,
drip some ofhis blood into the box, gofind the h:
of a high-ranking Sabbat vampire and then have a
Brujah friend throw the box as hard as he cou!
through the window. A "drive-by ratting" he used to
call it, and it sure pissed off the owner of the haven.
Rats are such sturdy, resourceful creatures,

Ofcourse the best use he had for this Discipline was
lessclever, but more useful on a nightly basis. He would
always send in a rat or bied before he entered a new
building, It seemed paranoid, but more than once he'd
send something flying down a hall, only tohear gunfire
as someone thought the Gangrel were invading
Auspex

The classics are always the best. A rather, unfash-
ionable friend up in Brooklyn impressed some of her
buddies by scouting ahead in the astral plane aid then
‘mentally telling them where each Cainite was hidden
intheambush five blocksaway. When they walked into
the ambush, already prepared, she went around behind
the hidden Sabbat members. Her friends just looked for
herand followed her into whatthe Sabbathad intended
asa trap and put the poor Lick — who thought he had
the element of surprise on his side — six feet under.
They never gave her bad time about her leather pants
and pink cowboy hats after the invasion was done.

Cererny
Nota lot of originality here, right? I mean, what so
original about hitting fast or running fast? Well, a guy |
knew in Chicago told me about a time he was being
chased by three Sabbat goons who looked like they
wantedtotake out theirfrustrationsonhim. Hecouldn't
shake them, and he couldn't really put a burst of spe
‘onin front of mortals, right? Sohe cuts down analley he
Knows really well, and before they can react, he runs.
right up the wall. Well, not exactly. There were these
‘two buildings with one of those gaps that's only a few

Gwent Oe: Tit how Tow.

9


feet wide. He just scaled up the middle like he'd seen in
those kung fu films. One second, he's dead meat. The
next he's four stories off the ground and climbing
through an open window.

Domuare

Let me tell you from experience, there's not a
lot you can't do with this. Let me give away one of
the more subtle applications of this power when it

occasionally place a mental

but plenty of people give him weird looks. I just

ve hima list of the stuff some foolish Sabbat like

to do in public, like firing weapons, creating dark
ness out of nowhere and baring their fangs.

Irell the fellow, "If you see anything like that, you

call me, okay?" By the time a pack ¢

ave be

mortals walking around with my litle

estion buried way back in their brains. I got a

call from a pizza driver describing some idiots

horses thre the town center and shoot-

ing each other with pistols, and I packed my bags
and left cown. From what | hear, every non-Si
vampire hree nights lat
Tricks like this are why I'll be around forever. Of

se, a few of the people I did this to ended up in
therapy, but that's the tradeoff for using mystical
cate, and a careful hand is

Fortrur
Like most of the physical stuff, there's not alot
that can be said for clever uses of this power.
However, leave it to the Ventrue to find a use for
anything. T kin a bi 88 rival in Prague who
was accosted by a pack of Sabbat thugs while he
was pretending to eat dinner at the home of a
rf associate. They had already killed his
nortal friend and were headed his way. There's no
caround private apartment, and it'son the
12th floor, He ly desperate and decides to
zamble on the window. He grabs one of the thu
throws himself out the window, and uses the S:
drone as an airbag for the impact. The thug
1s soon as they crash into the alley
can barely move, he's got so many broken bones.
cetheless, he dragged himself out of th


before the other two goons could take the elevator 4. chair and the thing collapsed. In any case, we
down. He told me that he used to regret concen- 6) wete returning to my home one evenin

trating so much on his physical resilience.

Onruscarte
A Nosferatu associate of mine had the unfor-
tunate affliction of extreme height. After
her Embrace, she stood about seven feet
tall and had to wear a back brace faa rate ide, tek
city was overrun by the Sabbat vies
ind everyone else had fled or
gone to ground. The problem
for my Nosferatu friend was that $f.
she was watching over her mor 7
tal family in town. With a little
effort, she used her abilities of
mental suggestion to make herself
look like the nastiest Tzimisce
fleshcrafter you've ever s

topushout
before they mad
big effort. We stopped, and Tony |
over at me and said, "Run

acking away, and |
watchedas Tony setdown
the briefcase, unlocked it

and opened it up. In
are all these metal rods, He
picked up two, hefted them

or balance, and th

and threw them at the two vam
pires getting close to him. These

until the Camarilla managed to re-

f much force that one rod imbed
take the city. Ironically, they killed sothesideef the fs:
her in the process, thinking that she
was one of the Sabbat. It was only after
she was dead that they realized their
mistake. | guess she just got too much
into her character.

sad, and the other rod
the second onto his

back. Before | started running, I

d these horrible gurgling
, from the second guy ash
Potence Z scream around the huge

Well, the obvio for this 4 P i piece of metal sticking out of his
ower is to hie Sabbat vampires BE face. Tony picked up two more
ery, very hard, but the creative go R rods, the lase I saw of
Kindred can find a lot of uses $ il close todawn. He came
for those extra muscles. A ™ st nto my haven, bloody
clanmateofmine wasaspecial- pie R e mean
ist in brute force. One time we
had to leave a gambling estab- Z
lishment rather quickly.On the ‘ c and tossed the
way our, he stopped at the car of (NEN BA briefcase onto my couch. It
theperson chasingusand kicked JAM, - bounced, as lightas a feather
the tire off. Yes, he literally
kicked the tite off the wheel Pe aitiew-aleciil

Healso used to carry around SA: powers' can' sometimes
this briefcase everywhere he f x Pare va cans cat
went and never told anyone Shey IC HOE RUEK REL
what was in it. I didn't even ing. A lice ‘Brujah
know, but I knew chat it was [iim BB named Nikki out on the
unchatacteristically heavy. He ae Cin v.

it Coast had this same
once set it down on a folding

BF problem one night. She

(Goren Ov Tt hoe Toot
st


was in a strange city with no idea of who was in
charge. That sort of thing happens all the time to
Brujah; they've got no concept of calling ahead.
‘Anyway, she noticed this Kindred who wasn't
exactly subtle about the paleness and lack of blink-
ing, and she followed him into this bar at the back
of analley. She tailed him through the main room
and got into the private room in back after a long
look from the Kindred doorman. Thar's when she
realized that she was in the wrong bar.

From what she described, there were mortal
bodies strung up all over the room, with blood
everywhere. Some guys in suits had a crib set up
and were poking infants with fondue forks, laugh-
ing and listening to them ery. She said that they
even had a Kindred nailed to the wall, with a sign
around his neck that said "CAMARILLA
STOOGE." Evidently she started to retch, and the
whole room, went silent. This nasty-looking
Nosferatu came hobbling across the room and
Ieered at her. "Hmm, maybe you've got the wrong
toom,.dearie?" he said, and the other Kindred
cackled. He kept getting closer and closer, and slid
a black pair of pliers out of his jacket. That's whe:

little Nikki proved thar the Brujah attitude is
sometimes a useful thing.

‘She drew herself up really straight, and looked
right at him. "Yes, | do seem to be in the wrong
place. Thank you for correcting me. I'l be going

now." Then she cranks up the "pomp and circum-
stance" (that's what she used to call her social
powers) and stared at him, daring him to jump her.
Everyone else backed away, and even this Nosferatu
looked a little perturbed, but then he started for-
ward again. That's when she pulled a gambit I'm
not even sure I would've had the guts to try: She
snarled at him, baring her fangs. She got lucky. He
whimpered and scuttled away. She looked around
really slowly, and noone wasbreathing. She backed
‘out of the room, walked slowly to the door of the
‘club, and ran like a racehorse all the way to her car.

Pnorean

This crazy Gangrel 1 used to know down in
Mexico ran this pack of Camarilla Kindred. They
were dedicated to fighting the Sabbat over some-
thing that happened a hundred years ago—I think
they may have once been an Old West outlaw
gang. They resided in Mexico because there were
more of the Sabbat vampires down there, and they
had some amazing tricks for beating haven security

of elder Sabbat. One time they found this haven
that had a large vault the size of an RV, made of
some sort of steel plating. Augustus himself couldn't
have busted through that thing. So they left for the
night and sent their ghoul down to the hardware
store the next day.

The next night, they came back with a bag of
tools and an insecticide sprayer. They used a dia:
mond tipped drill to cut this tiny hole through the
armor and then shoved the nozzle of the insecti-
cide sprayer up against the hole. My Gangrel friend
had tuned to mist and had his buddies suck him
into the tank, so they used this pressurized bug
sprayer to squirt him into the inside of that huge
vault. Once inside, he re-formed. Gangrel can see
in the dark like its twilight, so he just walked over
and opened up the door from the inside. I laughed
like hell when I heard that story, butnow keep all
my long-term havens pressurized from the inside
so I don't have to worry about Sabbat Gangrel
pulling the same stunt.

THAUMATURGY

Now, the Tremere are not normally on good
relations with the Giovanni, mainly because their
magic and our magic are similar enough to cause
friction. However, I once found myself a reluctant
houseguest in the sanctum of a Tremere, with
quite a few Sabbar vampires outside and only an
apprentice Warlock co guard the door. It was
nearing dawn, and we knew that they'd make an
attempt to at least get inside before the sun rose.

My Tremere associate led me toa room right by
the main door to the house. It was a long hallway
with large skylights, and the first hints of sunlight
are already visible. He started chanting. As he
droned on and on, he motioned to me to grab a
ladder he had propped up in the corner. | ran and
grabbed it, and over the next 20 minutes, he
directed me where to put the ladder, climbed it,
and smeared a bit of his blood on each skylight
The whole time, he kept chanting. As he got done
with the final skylight, he stopped chanting, and
every skylight instantly went black, Suddenly there
was no light in the room ar all except the candles
in the wall sconces. We stood there at the end of
the hall for another 30 minutes, and we're both
were expending a lot of effort just to stay awake,
‘We can hear the Sabbat butchering the apprentice
and rushed down the hallway. Finally, the door at
the other end of the hall opened up and the last of

Mowos Seat


the Sabbat vampires stumbled in, lookin
tired and ready ro sleep. They came lopi
the hall, and the Tremer
still T choughe that he 1
When they were only 20

d I just stood there, so
t have fallen
away, he strai
looked down the
and very purposefully steppe
and into the room behind us.

doorw

hallwa
Suddenly every sk

sunlight poured in like it was waiting for just such

1n opportunity. The first vampire in the hallway

stopped, looked very startled, and then exploded,

flames and ash flying out in cloud of pain. I could
ul screaming as it tore from his dying

and that's when I slammed shut the oak
doors and collapsed next to the Tremere, who was

already asleep. As I nodded off, I could hear scream

ing and fire from the hallway. It was then that |
understood how the rest of Kindred society must

ew us. Like us, the Tremere have powers and

tricks beyond the understanding or comfort level
of other Kindred, so even the Damned fear and

he Tremere. In some ways, | felt a kinship

use | owed my

eable boon.



What do you do in a sitwati

between us, all the b
damn thing.

— Adam Lloyd Baker, "

War for the Sabbat is less of a task and more of
an unlifestyle. To most Sabbat packs, warfare is a
constant state of existence. Packs clash with the
Camarilla, independent Cainites, the kine and
each other. Many Sabbat, especially those drawn
to the cause from the Camarilla, revel in the
violence, destruction and inhi y that the
Sabbat adopts as its modus operandi. Such charac-
teristics make the Sabbat a fearsome foe in a
engagement, in which the ling

and enemies are clearly marked.

\anopen
are clearly drawn

But such is not the case in wars of the modern
nights. Battle lines shift and blurat the same speed
that information now spreads across the globe
Raise hell in one city, and you can bet that the
yokels in the next burg over will be ready and
waiting for you. Alliances and social ties ebb and

like that?... Every
ilshit
tat you have to do,

Atlantic City

didn't mean a

morrow's disin
any Sabbar Cainites don't

They want to bust heads,
ttle hell. Give them a target, give
id then get out of their way. What
h and fury they lack in wiles

observer
care about all that cra

ve in streng
and direction

Sabbat vampire, however, isn't run.

that were the case, the sect would

have bumed out in one final, glorious, earth-shatter

Masquerade ly futile

c elders of the

ks much like

watching them for
sding out the w

killed for important strike:

— explosion of v

Sabbat are careful to sh
prized pit bulls, testi
weakne:
and sav

Cum Tace Tie Sow oF Cane

55


the enemy. While the neonates seethe with fire and
fury, the elders quietly attend to their ledgers of war,
carefully balancing their losses and gains. The elders
strive to keep the flames of hatred at just the right
level: hot enough to scorch the Camarilla, but not so
fierce that they burn beyond control. Popular belief
holds thar the Sabbat is an out-of-control war ma-
chine that can barely keep itself together. Sabbat
elders don't argue with thar, hecanse that's what they
want the Camarilla to believe.

On THE Orrensive

Most Sabbat elders dictate strategy by figuring
out what they want and then working backward
from there. The sect has no textbook on Sabbat
strategy because the Sabbat has no need for one.
Developing rigid or even sequential strategies plays.
into the Camarilla's hands. If every Sabbat siege
starts with a few recon parties raising hell in a
Camarillacity, the Camarilla can justsit tight and
wait for the real assault to begin rather than chas-
ing down skirmishers.

‘Thie Sabbat operates a campaign of guerrilla
warfare. They hit hard, hitfastand leave the Camarilla
wondering just what the hell the point of the entire
attack was. If a bishop in Atlanta wants to harass
Savannah, he has to avoid any counterblows before
they can hit him. The best way to do this is to simply
deny the Camarilla any targets. The Sabbat's chaotic
nature and disorganization lends itself to this strat-
egy. Since the packs are so hard to keep in line
anyway, there's no point in wasting time and energy
trying to mold them to a style of warfare to which
they are not suited

The Camarilla's deep entrenchment in the
worlds of politics and finance lend them access to
resources that most bishops can only envy. The
Sabbat can't afford to engage the Camarilla on
that sect's terms. To do so is suicide. Instead, the
Sabbat must force the Camarilla on the defensi
and keep it off balance at every turn. A compla-
cent, predictable Sabbat is a dead Sabbat.

CARROTSAND STICKS

Sieges and crusades are the bread and butter of
coordinated Sabbat actions. Of course, in a society
like the Sabbat, coordination is a relative term. The
elders are not foolish enough to set down rigid plans
complete with tightly scheduled rendezvous, elabo-
rate tactical plans and extensive pack cooperation

Sabbat packs are unreliable enough that such plan-
ning would be wasted. All it takes is one righteous
Loyalist with a bug up his ass to shoot a tightly
organized plan completely to hell. Sabbat elders
often prefer to pose commands as requests tests ot
rewards. A pack is only rarely "ordered" to go on a
rampage in a city park on a certain date. Instead, the
pack might hear through trustworthy channels that
the archbishop is looking for particularly enthustas-
tic packs to take part in an upcoming War Party.
Showing off Cainite superiority to the kine in a very
public place would be the perfect demonstration of
the pack's vicious streak, their inside source tells
them, putting into motion the archbishop' plans
without trampling on the pack's sense of freedom.

Most Sabbar elders are wily enough to realize
that in a sect that places such a premium on
freedom from both an ideological and practical
point of view, convincing the childer that they're
doing things out of their own free will goes a long
way to getting things done. Sure, a bishop can
browbeat the packs and sic his templars on those
whodon'tlick his boots and follow orders. But he'd
better be ready to deal with a rival who shows up
at his door with every last Cainite he pissed off
right behind him, ready co show him exactly where
he can stick his high and mighty demands. And if
his templars are off acting as his bullies rather than
by his side ready co protect him, somuch the better
for his enemies.

Of course, this system of commands as sugges-
tions and rumors makes the Sabbat awfully hard to
reliably direct. The elders play this game because
they don't have much choice in the matter. Rather
than worry about a problem that is essentially en-
demic to the nature of the Sabbat, elders try to turn
the neonates' obsession with freedom and choice
into an advantage. Elders accord high esteem to
packs that don't need much prodding to go out there
and do the jobs that they've been unwittingly set up
to do. A pack that is planning, carrying out and
succeeding at tasks chat it considers uw be of its own
devising is a much deadlier weapon than a gang of
forced conscripts. If the Bishop of Miami wants his
packs to raise some hell in Tampa, he can go about it
in ewo ways: He can whip his packs along with astick,
or he can lure them ahead with a carrot. With the
stick approach, he can drag a few truculent neonates
along by the fangs and tell them exactly what he

‘Monge Sea

%

wants done and how he wants them todo it. A pack
under orders like that wastes a lot of energy. They
may well roll into a Camarilla city pissed off at the
bishop, not at their rival sect. If the bishop's lucky
and the pack isn't particularly ornery, they work that
anger off by giving their task everything they've got
and then slinking back home for a pat on the back.
Packs like that might do what they're told, bue more
likely they fuck everything up — if they aren't
standoffish enough to resent being pushed around,
they probably aren't tough enough to take out any-
thing. A whipped pack moves into Tampa, maybe
makes. little noise, and then either runs back home
clutching its completely checked of list of things to
do or winds up destroyed, probably not before giving
up everything they know about the bishop's plan to
soxne Camarilla sheriff or archon. In short, the stick
method doesn't work wel.

Carrots, on the other hand, are tremendously
efficacious. A pack that decides to head on up to
‘Tampa fora little fun, because itheard some rumor
that the bishop will appreciate it, does a thorough
job with the sadistic flair for which the Sabbat is
known. The pack rolls into town ready to bust

heads. [ts members want to be there, they know

what they can earn out of smashing things up, and
they aren't walking around with a chip on their
shoulder, bent out of shape over the Lasombra fuck
who sent them there. They make a plan that fits
their talents and motivations, things thata bishop
is far too busy to take into account if he drew up a
detailed plan himself. They improvise and take
¢ of opportunities that present them
selves, rather than working in resentful
subservience to the almighty plan. If they see a
tempting target, they go for it because they don't
have some stupid-ass plan telling them otherwise.
And if they do screw up, i's most likely because
they tried to bite off more than they can chew and
crashed and burned in some spectacular fashion,
which may end upserving the bishop's needsanyway
And if the pack ends up captured, it doesn't know
enough about the big picture o spill anything impor-
tant. Sure, a pack knows its target for something like
a War Party, but if the Camarilla is so dense that it
can't figure out what a War Party is up to, it's
probably dead already. In situations that require
secrecy, a pack doesn't need ro know why it's doing
something. It doesn't even have to know what it's
supposed to be di that can be avoided.

Thus, Sabbat operations are very well thought
out and planned at the highest levels, but that
planning gives way to chaos and happenstance a
the lowest levels. The Bishop of Miami might have
a very exact list of what he wants to go down in
Tampa, rightdown to particular Camarilla Cainites
he wants whacked. He might send some trusted
packs and retainers with specific orders into the
city to take care of the really important jobsand set
the tone for the siege, but for much of the rest of it
he relies on the weight of numbers. If he sends
enough packs into Tampa with a vague idea of
what they need to do, someone eventually is going
to get lucky

Recon
Reconnaissance is a major part of every Sabbat
siege. Cainitesare solitary, often isolated, figures. I's
easy to overlook even a relatively powerful vampire
in a city of more than a million mortals. Few Sabbat
war councils convene with somone bringing up the
story of Danny O'Brien, the former Bishop of Boston
According to the story, Danny got the bright idea of
extending hisinfluence northward, toward Portland,
Maine. Initial scouting parties revealed nothing but
a few anarchs and some isolated Camarilla-sympa-
thetic undead in the city. Emboldened by the
apparently easy pickings, Danny hastily ordered the
destruction of the local undead in force. In célebra
tion of the victory, Danny personally headed north
10 inspect his new domain, only to be'torn apart en
route by a gang of (then) Camarilla Gangrel quite
pissed off to find Sabbat Cainites capering about the
urban territory that blighted their beloved wilder-
ness. The other Kindred were bad enough, but the
Sabbat was just t00 much for them to handle. Be-
cause of this tale and similar horror stories, Sabbat
reconnaissance tends to be thorough:

Aside from the traditional scouting and spying
efforts that rely on stealth and keen observation,
the Sabbat has grown fond of certain gambits
while sniffing out a Camarilla stronghold. One
involvee cowing confusion and mic
Camarilla while simultaneously drawing out its
strength. A particularly bothersome pack or one
made up of disposable agitators, suspected traitors
or fervent Loyalistsis asked or encouraged to set up
shop and start raising trouble in a Camarilla city
(usually in a manner described under Shattering
the Masquerade, below). The pack is then left
isolated and given up for destruction.

(Gov Two: Te Sworn Cane

7


The kickeris, the pack doesn't know that. Their
contacts with the bishop feed them elaborate — and
thoroughly false — reports of massive offensives that
are in the planning stages, reinforcements that are
due "any night," and elaborate plans to bring in
Sabbar Cainites from all over the country for one
masive showdown, When the shit hits the fan and
the Camarilla brings the hammer down on the hap.
Jesspack, the Camarilla hears an earful of this fearsome
calamity that's ready to sweep it away.
As the Camarilla reacts to this news, the real
spies, the solo operatives who've been watching
the entire situation develop all along, careful
take note of the preparations the Camarilla makes
which elders are going to screw whom in the
fray, Cainites who might be sympathetic to the
cause, conscripts for the frontlines — and report
back. When the real siege hits, the Sabbat has a
good idea of the Camarilla's resources and plans.
ictal feint also pushes the local prince into
Ken Little" position, trying to call for sup-
inst an attack that might be a

ete ruse, just like the last one. Of cours

s the pack set up for this operation is sus
pected of treachery, a bishop had better hope that
the neonates don't hear about tactics like this.

Another ploy is a variation of the one above

t lulls the Camarilla into complacency. The
initial scouting parties are dispatched into a city
with slightly different false information: They've
been sent into action as a sort of rest. The packs
most successful at stirring up trouble have a crack
at taking part in an operation aimed at a different
city. When the Camarilla responds to the Sabbat
presence, it reveals its strength, ends up with false
information about the nature of the attack, and
may end up in one of two very bad situations.
Either the Camarilla in the first city is fooled into
a false sense of security, content to know that they
aren't the true focus of the attack, or the Camarilla
n the alleged target city ramp up their defenses in
eparation for a siege, tipping their hand while
wasting their resources.

SHATTERING THE MASQUERADE
The Masquerade is a cornerstone of the
Camarilla. The Sabbat has it dead in their sights.
Sabbat vampires need only saunter intoaCamarilla
lo what comes (un)naturally to draw the
attenition of the kine authorities. The critical

Monae See

8


6

Nx) 0.00ng san] TAD,

pu sazejd ‘ajdoad yeaug 0 asnoxa ue se uaaey &
‘vo esse ue 99s aysiu eqges >1y-Pue-yury ay,
[18 'saifais yo soon

‘iod pue waur axp ase syynesse peaisdyd x9931¢]
aHLVAHSNT GYOMS aH,

‘anbruysar jo 0s stp asn oy
30} aumnjd ap wiowe Ajduutsst ansitoruaploc)
yeyy Jo "eyueWeD 2yB UNYAIKE 1UuaruodsIp
AuImos A|]nJoue9 sajoU! JO ORI I9198 v sey
nxiqug tp yep ave>tpur Aew sprerap Suryrys s,d4028
AY "dreqap 02 uado st asmew r3exa sity —sueak 104
11h} 2WI0g aaKy SOHO siy—sasix9 andUoIUapIOS
ey suonsaN suo ou aTYAL "SUEZ eTpCUIED
ay) W) 48ay pue elouRsed Jo asuas SuIsewep
Auunwwos eyuewes sy But
aurjds s2yuany ‘s1usiuOs]eW UO UOp >"> pue
ways 2219149 oY asoyp Ie INO Yse] ‘sogoud eqqes
Isnf UIA JO aBa1s w Jo way aya Suyjaay ‘saoud
ejytseUED Auepy "rD99}9 apis awO3}2m anINb Ing wads
-oijun UE pel aaey SHOHA s.anduoUapjoH
"watp Suowre aqesodsip
stout ayy or Suope passed usoq axvy aysiu rey
syser uo ayes on soutdurea eypuewes yueuodun pue
pa|teysu1ou0y ‘atteaueapesip eouauinu su soyeaeaitie
puv aSinosaz aueLiodwst ue jo eypewE,) axp sduns
eggs o4p ‘pauue|d se s908 jpe J] eqqes Supnezeu
tp Woy} Wotp 1oaI0Hd 20UE TILA Pu IOUUED KJsnorAgo
OWN auld 9y Uopuege o2 saxeUODU , ss9]9sUR]9p,
ayp Surin aYorayp sty dn sdaas anstuowuspjon ‘pax9p
anu! aie anZuowiapjoo Aq uoReURUYS 10) paxyeUr
samrune atp pur adatssit suiBaq reqges atp 2900)
1Jo494 40} |]e9 2YBENNO UE puR WsI>
"Huo partyod uaamiag auy auy v 218 01 payyes>
Aqinyagea st yoryas ouoayL repja-nue sty yatm 3s98
dtp BurAems apie surssesse aeqqeg Aq uorreUrUET]>
40} suo ep] ueMiec)-o1d Ay youneas 942 Ino sy>1d 9}
siigey s1942 Jo aiou [nyaze> Burzer a[NyH [psUND
tuoqp dutard "4219 ayp Jo soreuoae aq yam sjasury
soujje oy aruMuMOD eppeMes ay Jo J9quIoUt
w sy "Aiows oy Jo Supa ysed quiw ofueys or
spuiar yorym jo ainyeu ayn ‘s|24s sastue agpa-dun
ind sty pia AaTUNUIIOD ayUIED [ero] a4 O%
J[SWLY SUNUISUE PUL soNI> s9MOr-AIOAF saIU
[yur ay Yoquiow ep[izeureS x se Sursog "epuCMES
ay wsulese ssausan ayo SY UFEIUTEW 01 391995
we aday st Aanuapt s,anduoauapjog ‘sazy ayp punose
jor sojea ays on Aurprosoy "anBuoruapjog se Ajuo
UUmOUy, WAGES ay Jo sajed [Jar [Ns soarUTE:
‘sanidurea vjjieures jo spur ay Ut
Aqhop pu asnunstur yo paas e syueyd pun

e Suyjusur pue

UL zea] smos reqqeg aYp "ey LEUIED ayp Jo syuRZ ay
Ame Sunseam A[moqs 4g "Umop BuLsq 01 saoinosal
4o awity Yonu aunbas AjjeuuOU 2,uop weyp sa98Ie
os A|panejou ue Aayp ‘stonesado weqgeg on 1eaxy
© Jo yoru asod 3,uop sappiy> apy Ay "sondunea
vyfuEWeD Suno4 10) Sur wUNS st siya Op OF Aum rsarsEO
AY Uonezuedio pur uorsayoo s,pjpEMED ay)
se Stay 9[211Ym OF SI DHE TEGqeS UOURNOD y
MANONOD ANV AGIA,

sada saeqqeg ay) Ut UoLTeNyS
UIAA-ULA v ‘>[quodxour BuMpowos jo doudsaxd
ayp oF UORUANE etpaw BuIBUU apy 41> ay
40.9409 580] 9]ppnu pur saddn ayp av saytnns zapunw
SY] "erWIeD Uo afqeyAuaprUn sf ays Tex YnoUD
[PX soumieay sy, Buypeasu09 anq aderoap!A uo
aySned 9q jf s39y SuM29] AyynyazeD ‘ZayYOM 9>1YO Ue
Japan pute spren3 Aatangas Aq ays ype on peas
jo sramod oy asn Aew nguinup Mes}sON € [due
-X2 104 "sauydiosig] Jo asn qUEIE]G ayy asjoaut
yerp skew ur way Suuapinur pur voussssusng
Jo siesoneaing sour Sunoiires s} Aforens sip U0,
yore 1e4 Vy "2seq 2:NosD1 s,e]]LEeUIET) 947 PUP
YPHYss jo [Te ‘SIWopisay deme oaup uoas rysru
pue ‘Aa a4 02 uoresB ur ‘ssounsng safieanoostp Ait

ound peg ay) ‘snuog pappe ue sy "aur ayy Yl
ADEIaIUE paspuLy asaya sadeds [eIDos ay apEAUt
eypaur pur sdo> ayy se paspury, yeo0] 40y awos
2]gnon axow Yom yey sawiosaq aun FuIpo2y
‘sraded ayp sity sons atp sy "yam ¥ 90144 10 99U0
uosiad yans ato sioyping Ajjesnemarsés 3] °ss9]
-9WoY a4 40 saamnasosd ‘Spry qny> se Y>Ns Burp}

30} 1048) YS 41d v UT eTPUBMED ayp aeYp [EHOW
Jo ada zejnonused e satires sord y "hojd snddry
ayp ye{ ay st anbruysar weqges muoALy y

JOUUEUL UEUIS w UE (Wop somnseou EI LEWED ay.
soy 03 2anejaa) sBuIya pidmas Sutop st apeianbsey
yp Bunyeasg 07 Aay atp 4 soasaeqqes atp Ava ap
spuueus 1uereig & UF Surya prdms Sup sotutE
qm [wap on Apeas st eyueuEs ayy, -aBedures v
Wo yeaa} {Oe Jo Young Jo YOM ay? se yo UITEN
sq 1UDpIOUF auttua ayp pue sso1d au ur Sus m9}
© sijnd eyjuewer aya ‘oyryaueayy "sdoo aya yatat
pry 0 shed 4949u 4 pur — way Lo UMop SuLIeag
sdoo yo penbs spun saudiosig Bien pue apins
UL spunom 204s UNS Supyer Auer] a[iya sas0rs
aouartioation x9j v sqox IeIp Yped y "spesanbseyy
24 3eaxq 03 SuLdaa UY YonU O02 Jost sasodxo
gped pidms y pewaye ayy ur eypewes ap
Soy aeay ayp ee azns Furyew s1 uoNe yons Aue UI


things, while those in the see it as just
another piece of a s a flat-out
at pack spots a lone
known Camarilla C ey often choose te
y way to dislodge the Camarilla is to sen
to the Final Death, one "Kindred" at a time
a lone target isn't involved with the Ca
the practice just makes the next attack go
that much easier
When faced with a rumble, the Sabbat prefers
to come to the table with plenty of manpov
Shovelheads, fle
indoctrinated with a crash course of anti-Camarilla
propaganda, most of it rather unbelievable to
in Cainites even by the Sabbar's st
sent in en masse, a first wave designed
the enemy's initial defenses and counterattacks.
Once the shovelheads have absorbed enough
Camarilla firepower, the eal fighters wade inte
clean-up whatever's left
Shovelheads occupy a precarious niche in the
Sabbat. Not yet fully initiated into the sect, they
are looked upon as disposable firepower, ba
above the kine in status and utility. Such
able Cainites are recruited into the Sabai
several ways. Besides the typical w n
head with a shovel, the Sabbat sometimes employs
her methods to bind a new Cainite to the
‘ine are swayed with

me kine leap at the chance to j
Such ploys incor

and controls the wo the
promise to "complete" or make
ne's change in return forservice.
Sabbat outright lies to the shovelheads, telling
them that they are now utterly indestructible and
infusing them with courage born of overconfi
e. Shovelhcads know nothing of the night,
the Si take full advantage of this fact to
end them to the will of cand forge them
into a useful tool
Suicide bombersarea desperate, last-ditch Sabbat
technique that highlights the disposal nature of newly

Embraced Cainites. In the face of a particularly
determined foe, a pack may saddle it
explosive devices before they are


ground (if the pack practices that method of indoc-
trination) but not after they awaken in frenzy. In
theirthirstfor blood and in their confused state, most
shovelheads might not even notice the explosives
planted on them. Once they wade into battle, they
usually discover it the hard way once the device
detonates, taking out a few disposable recruits along
with — hopefully — a relatively powerful, and not
easily eplaced, Camarilla Cainite. Other stories
spread among the packs, including the one about
Trimisce fledglings who unknowingly had their flesh
twisted to hide a bomb.

Often, though, violence isn't directed solely at
the Camarilla. Rampant destruction, vandalism
and arson are overt, violent actions that keep the
neonates busy while sticking it to the Camarilla.
Such activities put a drain on the local economy
and gnaw away at the Camarilla's economic and
social resources. The Sabbat loves to disrupt im-
portant civic and cultural functions, such as art

Brno tHe Hann That Kuen F
on fe pues Ges Gisoast

‘The Sabbat loves:
them out for sac ig
a Te aes
as usual the Sabbat was in.
recruits. Some of the packs
Embraced quite a. few niew'
‘mote chan the Sabbat could h

run rampant of a fanatteally
anarchs that's Been

death with — the irony! — shove
received that aj
poplars? ci
graveyard.' thing was
Cainites were all t ee . ‘4 he
cured. just prior to the sg a
shocteni
Ika
dents, and fa
Toxlderreally sala
masters thishi
strategy. A mass Embrace
ganda and emotion to 3
state of fanaticism. ocean
devise a strategy to' blune the ¢
ped apart ark tones ah
fordistuption, they could cumamajorSabbacadvan-
tage into a weakness:

come hin

exhibits and sporting events, spreading bad press
and damaging a Camarilla city's social and eco-
nomic landscape. Simple inconveniences, such as
freeway accidents at rush hour and rat feces turn:
ing up in soup at the local four-star eatery are
relatively simply to implement and difficult to
trace back to the Sabbat, yet they go a long way
toward shaking mortal society and by extension
the Camarilla. Many of the problems at the 19%
Atlanta Olympicscan be traced to meddling Sabbat
packs intent on giving Atlanta, and by extension
the then-predominant Camarilla, a black eye. Such
‘operations focus less on going toe to toe with the
Camarilla and more on just making the world a
shittier place for the kine and the Camarilla tha
interacts with them.

THe Heartor ic En

One of the most important parts of any siege, from
both a military and political standpoint, is
assault on Elysium, dubbed a "panty raid" by »
Sabbat, an obvious dig at the perceived softness and
weakness of the Camarilla. As the symbolic heart and
soul of the Camarilla social order, any successful blow
against Elysium is a major victory for the Sabbat on
multiple levels. Tactically, Elysium is often heavily
defended. A successful attack usually results in the
destruction of many of the Camarilla's most trusted and
powerful members. Politically, the fall of Elysium often
signals the death knell foracity'sCamarilla dominance
Once Elysium is overwhelmed, surviving Camarilla
Cainites naially become scattered, seeking a safer (and
sometimes solitary) refuge, compounding the losses
sustained in the failed defense.

Anattack on Elysium isan attack on the so
structure that holds the Camarilla together.
is an important symbol that defines the C:
on multiple levels, a Kremlin, Taj M
Versailles for a city's Cainites. It represents politi
cal power, social unity and artistic achievement, A
blow to Elysium strikes at many levels and leaves
few among the Camarilla unaffected.

Ofall the actions that occur during a siege, the
assault on Elysium is the most likely to have the
look and feel of a real, honest-to-goodness siege
action. Camarilla loyalists fight like hell to keep
Elysium intact, taking actions that tread far closer
to breaking the Masquerade than they would usu
ally tolerate. The Sabbat prefers to wear away at
Elysium's integrity before descending upon it in
one final push. The first strikes against it are

Gue Two Tit Swe of Cane

6


designed to crack its shell. A common Sabbat ploy
is to stage an accident that somehow involves
Elysium. A Sabbat neonate may hijack a chemical
truckand ram it into a building designated Elysium,
damaging its physical defenses while drawing un-
wanted mortal attention to it. Other $
Cainites may disrupt Elysium's electric and water
services, damaging pipes and power lines to re-
mind the Camarilla that, while a siege might not
involve wholesale combat on the streets, it isn'tan
easily endured experience

As the siege progresses, so too does the assault
on Elysium. Assault does not always connote an
outright attack. In fact, most assaults are waiting
gamesrather than street wars. Plans sium
take aim at its social and political importance, not
just at leveling the physical structure; blowing it
up or waltzing in and breaking stuff does the
Sabbat no good if such a move does no damage to
the Camaril morale and cohesion. An attack
on Elysium is an attack on the Camarilla's spirit
and unity, not just a simple vandalism run

The frequency and type of assaults on Elysium
are good barometers of a siege's progress. If the
Sabbat increases the pressure on Elysium and
threatens to destroy it, the Sabbat is in a strong
position in the city, having neutralized the
Camarilla's influence with mortal agencies and
ctippled its ability to defend its domain. If the
fod are nuisances, such as graffiti, disrupted
or showy but ultimately futile vandalism,
the Sabba e is grinding to a halt agai
solid Camarilla defense. Much as how Elysium
defines Camarilla society in many ways, s0 too
does the Sabbar's actions against it reflect the
Sabbat's power in a contested city

The exact timing of an attack on Elysium is
tricky business. Some elders hold that a rapid
assault is the Sabbat's best ber, as it ean catch the
Camarilla off guard and put them at a serious
disadvantage. The counterargument to this plan is
that marshaling the forces necessary to effectively
hir Elysium, even one not especially keyed up for
anattack, most likely attracts Camarilla attention
and thus defeats the purpose of a rapid assault. The
more commonly held view is that a strike against
Elysium is the coup de geace in a siege, a matter to
be dealt with once the Tremere chantry is out of
the way and the Ventrue and Toreador have no
lies from whom to enlist aid. Of course, the

Mowom Sec

a

The sewers, tenements and other nooks and crannies

Fina Dear.
From the almanac of
Jamalways aolatier eaten' 1
fanaticism and self-saerificectosspaths. Inarecent
siege, a newly Embraced Sabbat! havi
training asa commercial pilot,
lot's ignorance of the, es
feocincal ‘hien that hie
cluded the capacity fo survi
Black Hand hit upon che id
commuterplane int Ely

ripid aha Baile Ure chatter hak
‘he Cumarilla'ssuperiorresourcesinone fell woop.
Td imagine that many a bishop whiles away his'
‘quieter nights imaginingasiege that starts with the
prince mars Se oir ss Ambir

‘nous, f noching

was sabotaged on th

ascries of spor safety. an

flight plans. As isso. ‘aie Ane ata ts
forget that a mortal, yuch af ahigh-rinking ajrpor
administrator, ca quite easily' undo their i =a)
cunningplans. one top a
interesting t0 see siege progresses

such a spectacular beginning.
Ma A
crushing loss of Elysium is a somewhat forgone
conclusion. If the Camarilla is on the ropes, they
probably aren't in a position to stand up toa final,
decisive assault. The major benefits of a successful
strike don't pay off if it's done after the fact.

Enp Game

Once the Sabbat has broken the Camarilla, all that
remains isto clean out any remaining pockets of resis-
tance and deal with survivors. The Sabbat can often
id itself with more problems in dealing with victory
than with the actual siege. Remaining Camarillaretali
ate carefully, turing the Sabbat's own guerrilla tactics
againstit. Refugees, independent Cainites, autarkisand
anarchs may pick fights with Sabbat Cainites who
impingeon theic territory, leadingtoawhole new round
of conflict. The chaotic and fluid nature ofthe Sabbat,
which is an excellent tool for keeping a target off
balance and uncertain, now becomesamajor weakness.

ay go withouta proper search due tosimple leadership


concerns, lack of manpoweroreven lazinesson the part
cof Sabbat Cainites eager to enjoy the spoils of victory.
Given the violent and nomadic nature of the sect,
fellow Sabbat may go missing without anyone bother-
ing to investigate the disappearance at all.

Brutalized kine, especially in light of the rising
crime rates and violence that often accompanies the
Sabbat's presence in a city, may work against che city's
new residents, helping the Camarilla — knowingly or
otherwise — to reestablish a foothold and work against
the Sabbat during the day. Vigilantes might stalk the
streets. Hunters may flock to the city. In the wake of
Sabbathabits that leave thecityan economicandsocial
wasteland, the federal government may step in with
funding for increased police presence and seed moneyto
reinvigorate the region's economy. This influx of cash
can draw the hungry Camarilla back to the city and
strengthen their advantage in civic and political arenas
for round two.

Sabhat leaders must take care to avoid overex-
tending thei resources and political reach —a task
at which they frequently fail. Many neonates, hav-
ingtasted thetthrillofasiege, have problemsreverting
back to an unlifestyle that isn't characterized by
combat, even if only temporarily. Faced with rabid
packs eager to carry the crusade to another city,
bishops must rein in the troops and keep the sect
ogether in a time of relative peace. The most com
mon solution, and one that has dogged the sect for
countless nights, is to simply move on to another
target. The Sabbat is notoriously bad at holding on
to its conquests. All too often, the veterans who
have cut their fangs on a siege are sent again into the
meat grinder, perpetuating the Sabbat'sendless cycle
of war at the cost of actually making any progress.
The Camarilla has found that the Sabbat expendsso
much energy on a siege that a simple counterattack
pushes that sect back out of the city. The Sabbat
tends to fall to infighting and chaos once i takes a
city, and the bishops know that the siege is the easy

. Hanging on to the prize is the real test. Between
a splintered membership that usually doesn't take
well toordersand a philosophy that paints mortals as
useful onlyassustenance, theeldershave ahard time
reconciling the need to hold on to a city with the
wants and drives of the neonates.

For every Sabbat victory, dozens of aborted
raids and outright disasters occur. It is disturbingly
common for the Sabbat to launch a crusade and

utterly fail without the Camarilla having any clue
about what's going on.

Defeat is a doubly bitter brew for the Sabbat
Not only does a failed siege leave the sect short of
personnel, but often the city that served as a
jumping-off point for the siege is left unprotected
due to the loss of resources. In such a case, the
Camarilla may seek vengeance by taking the fight
to the Sabbat

Wen THE HAMMER FALLS

The Sabbat is a finely crafted instrument of
war. Itcan bring terror and horror upon any city it
targets, bullying its victims into submission with
overwhelming force and sheer bravado. But like
most bullies, the Sabbat has trouble taking what it
likes to dish out. The ramshackle organization and
firebrand enthusiasm that characterize the sect
severely hamper its efforts to defend its turf. While
the elders are painfully aware that defensive plan-
ning is a critical component of strategic planning,
neonates and too-young-to-be-proven sect mem:
bers often can't be bothered with it. To young
Cainites, the conflict with the Camarilla is sup
posed to be all about sticking it to the enemy and
bringing about change, not just holding on to the
status quo. This division runs deep withia the
Sabbat's social structure. As described above,
Sabbat offensive operations rely on highly moti
vated packs that have aclear sense of independence
and self-direction. When pushed on the defensive,
the Sabbat leadership tends to overreach its au
thority and assume a much more dictatorial stance.
Afterall, the elders have much more to lose on the
defensive than they do when on the attack

With the personal stakes that much higher,
the natural tendency of the Damned is to overre-
act. Most young Cainites resent the idea of meeting
their Final Death in the name of maintaining some
Tzimisce or Lasombra elder's precious claim of
domain. A radical few see little need for holding
on tocities as anything more than staging areas for
the next siege. Unlife isn't about worrying how to
pay the mortgage.

Much of the Sabbat's defensive strategy involves
preparation for an attack, as opposed to dealing with the
attack itself. The Sabbat maintains a constant war
footing, which means that obvious targets, such as
Elysium, are rarely present in aSabbatcity. The Sabbat's
preparations don' go much beyond caching weapons

Gena Two: Tie Soom of Cane

a


and creating secondary and even tertiary strongholds,
butitisworth noting that they exist. When aCamarilla
strike occurs, the Sabbat slides into a panic exacerbated
by its chaotic nature. But if the initial assault doesn't
inflict enough damage, the Sabbatfallsback toprepared
defenses and weathers the siege
An effective Sabbat defense maintains the
icks' sense of freedom and independence. Young
Cainites need to feel chat they have just as much
of a stake in the defense of a city as the elders do.
Successful defenses draw on the same strengths
that make Sabbat sieges effective: decentralized
thority, high morale and tactics chat leave the
enemy on a confused, defensive footing.

ING Trinket From My

SEES ear
mention. Tress 0

) just

LMOSE aS FUNNY
Bbasted

does best, the
eand takes the fight to its,
enemies. While the Camarilla pursues Sabbat tar-
gets, the elders send forth scouting parties to
identify where the attack origina
dinating it, and where the attacking Camarilla are
holed up in the city. Once the Sabbat has this
information, it counterattacks mercilessly, per
haps sending in waves of shovelheads or calling
upon the Black Hand and War Parties co put an
end to the Camarilla threat. Of course, the Sab!
has to gather information while a detct-

, who is coor:

mine
as Sabbat spies desperately dig up information
while the elders can still make effective use of it
Turnine Up tHe Heat

While the spies dig up information on the
attackers, the rest of the Sabbat does not sit idly b
sharpening its fangs. A favorite defensive me

Manor Seer

a


isto terrorize the city with violence. Operating on
home turf, the Sabbat usually has more reliable
boltholes and havens than its attackers. Incidents
of vicious gang warfare and bizarre murders spur
local law enforcement ro turn a wary eye toward all
violence and suspicious characters, including
Camarilla invaders. Far from its home network of
power and influence, the Camarilla can't easily
pull some strings and cool off the heat. This tactic
often inflicts a bit of collateral damage on the
Sabbat, and may restrict its ability to launch a
counterattack using fresh intelligence, but it buys
the Sword of Caine time while the Camarilla
smooth-talks local mortal society and establishes
its own wat 1c base of influence.

Time is Sabbat defensive cam
paign, The bbat can hold out, the
better its chance of identifying Camarilla weak
points and launching a successful counterattack.

Scorcuen FartH
One successful Sabbat tactic is to deny the

Ci rilla any strategic gains by systematically
working to cripple the city's economic and social
base. Working in parallel with campaigns of bru-
acks descend on important kine social and
economic institutions and worry them with well
placed attacks. On the night of its grand opening,
a local mall ts the scene of a vicious gang-related
brawl. A transformer explodesand darknessenvel
‘ops the city on New Year's Eve, ruining any official
celebrations and damaging the tourist industry for
years to come, The Sabbat cares little for the kine

They are there for fun, games, feeding and

more. But the Sabbat is smart enough to recognize
that much of the Camarilla's power is based in the
mortal world. By denying the Camarilla any eco:
nomic or political spoils, the Sabbat hopes to drive
the cost ge far beyond any potential gains
the Camarilla can hope to squeeze out of a victory

Rope-a-Dope

Part of the Sabbat's ation for an even:
tual siege (az mention:

decoy havens and other stratagems that misdirect

Camarilla invaders. A bishop or archbishop counts
on her active packs to e
Camarilla c first phase of

defense while she herself retreats to a secure ha-

ven, one that only the bishop and her templars are
aware of. If the Camarilla's attack is merely a probe

(Gear Too: Tt Sono o Cant
6


ot a minor incursion, Sabbat business returns to
normal. If the attack develops into a full-blown
siege, the Sabbat may decide to simply cut its losses
and hightail it out of town. As the Camarilla
begins the difficult process of cultivating its own
permanent influences in the city, the Sabbat sends
spies back into the city, who closely monitor the
Camarilla's progress and pin down the locations of
havens, Elysium, and other critical spots in the
Camarilla's new infrastructure. Once the Camarilla
is comfortable in the city, the Sabbat counterat-

tacks, using its superior knowledge of the city to
break the nascent Camarilla bloc before it has a
chance to solidify its influence. As with other
Sabbat strategies, this one requires the Sabbat to
gric its reeth and sustain heavy losses. If the

"amarilla isparticularly diligent, the Sabbat might
not even have a chance to escape the city to plot
its recapture,

WaKor AriRITION
As in siege operations, neonates are an impor-
tant part of the defense of any Sabbat stronghold.
‘When the Camarilla first hits town, one of the first
things thac the Sabbat works on is swelling its
ranks to favorable numbers. More conscripts means
more work for the Camarilla, which in turn drags
out the siege. Fledglings also make good decoy:
drawing the Camarilla to relatively worthless tar-
sgetsand exposing them to counterattacks. A sudden,
surge in the Cainite population strains the Mas-
querade and gives the Camarilla a new threat that
itmust work doubly hard tosilence or hide in acity
where its influence is tenuous at best
Conscripted Cainites aren't the only resources
that a Sabbat elder can throw at the Camarilla
Given the relatively high level of formality the
marilla places on unlife, as opposed to the
‘abbat's more casual involvement in its members'
nightly unlives, independent vampires and anarchs
are prime candidates for recruitment to the Sabbat
banner. Even Cainites who the Sabbat previously
cassted with can find themselves receiving over-
cures of an alliance "forthe good of ll." Competent
and eager recruits take part in standard operations,
while weaklings and neonates find themselves
banded together with a group of freshly Embraced
recruits for a suicide attack
nowing the Sabbat's proclivity for suicide
tactics, few independent Cainites heed the call for

recruitment. But those who ignore it know that if
the Sabbat carries the night, they won't be able to
‘openly make their havens in that city. The Sabbat
remembers its allies (even if they've all met the
Final Death) and makes examples of those who
spun its offer of alliance. Still, the Sabbat can
recruit effective fighters from outside the sect, as
sometimes a Cainite chooses to dwell in a Sabbar
city for the express purpose of avoiding Camarilla
interference

As the Sabbar knows very well, attacking forces
need to be highly motivated in order to operate
effectively. One favorite ploy of Tzimisce masters
of Vicissitude is to turn their power against cap:
tured Camarilla agents. Once the Fiends are
through with them, the now grotesque, crippled
victims are left to stumble back to their havens, a
horrid reminder that other fates besides the Final
Death await Camarilla vampires who attack the
Sabbat. The effect on morale is devastat

Camarilla vampires become acutely aware of the
cost of capture. Coteries become hesitant and
overly cautious, degrading their effectiveness and
buying the Sabbar still more time to launch its
counterattack. Toreador antitribu like to get in on.

Arrackor Die

From the almanac of Ludo Giovanni

The Sabbur's emphasis on attackine objectives.
28 opposed to defending them, leaves the sect ex-
posed when it' on the receiving end ofa siege. The
sect has many tried, yet few true, plans for dealing
with such situations. One of che most bizare (but |
ctective) strategies was innovated byaSabbat bishop
‘who held power just over adecade ago. Faced with a
particularly determined Camarilla assault eat had
left his criminal connections in a shambles and his
coffers drained, the bishop didwhat comes naturally
tothe Sabbat: He retreated toa nearby city tha was
not involved in the fighting. Because the city was
‘nominally held by the Camnatilla, it wa awfully
risky garable. I-left the bishop exposed, bu in the
‘end his audacity paid off, Dishearrened by the teck-
less countermttack, the Caarlla pulled its anxious
coreries hack and éalled of the campaign in onder to
<Jeal with the new threat to Camatilla stability. The
prince behind the invasion wassoundly criticied for
histashactions in unnecessarily musing the Sabbat's
fury and lost much face in Camarilla circles.

Mow Sect

©


the act, too, creating horrid displays of "beauty"
that incorporate the withered organs and other
pieces of destroyed Camarilla agents.

This tactic is not always helpful. As often as
not, it inspires an even greater fury and resolve
among the Camarilla, which redoubles its efforts
in the name of vengeance. Disfiguring prisoners is
a risky tactic that works only for situations in
which the Camarilla's resolve is already wavering.
Such a move comes atter other plans have been
implemented and is usually meant to enhance the
effect of other operations. Still, itis not unknown
for a zealous Cainite to independently decide to
pursucha plan into practice out of sheer boredom,
spite or perversion.

DEALING WitH MortTALs

Just because the Sabbat holds itself above mere
mortal humans does not mean that the sect com-
pletely ignoresthe kine. The elders have learned that
aly Can be put © good use, especially when
dealing with the Camarilla, whose members don't
often anticipate the Sabbat's dipping into the herd
forresourcesother than quick reinforcements. Sabbat
elders view the kine as even more disposable than
newly minted, non-Sabbat Cainites. While mortals
are largely overpowered in a fight, they can attack the
Camarilla on the battlefields thar often count the
most, such as the media, courtrooms and even the
boardrooms of corporate America. The Sabbat tends
to use the less desirable elements of human society
violent criminals, drug traffickers, fringe cultists, dhe
types of people that the Camarilla considers too
unreliable or dangerous to regularly deal with.

Iw:

Crime

Criminal activities are a common source of
recruits and cash for the Sabbat. Crime keeps the
kine in their place, grinding the population in a
hopeless cycle of drug addiction, violence and
poverty while giving an outlet for the truly vicious,
cruel and cunning among them to rise to the top
and, by extension, to the Sabbat's attention. The
protit margins on drug sales are tremendous, while
involvement in narcotics opens up alll sorts of
other resources: illegal weapons, mortal hit men
and other tools to throw at the Camarilla that you
can't just pick up down at the corner store

Many street criminals tie their fates to the
Sabbat's fortunes, whether wittingly or not. An
increased Camarilla presence often means a more

active and problematic police presence, as the
Camarilla flexes its political muscles and sets gov:
ernmental agencies to work dismantling the
Sabl source of revenue and resources (and
sweeps in to usurp those contacts afterward), While
many gang members end up Embraced and sent on
suicide missions, someone has to watch the lair
during the day. Rather than create ghouls, a pack
hires a few gang members to stick around the place
during the day and keep an eye out for trouble
‘The Sabbat prefers to pick an amenable crimi-
nal figure of stature and win influence with him
and his underlings, opening a steady supply of
weapons, laundered cash and muscle. As most
ab ites are something other than hum
they lack the social awareness and subtlety to des
with kine as anything other than enforcers. So
long as the right kine live in mortal terror of
pissing off the Sabbat, the sect can maintain influ

ence in criminal operations while at the same time
Keeping its exposure to a minimum. Individual

packs may set up drug labs and directly integrate
themselves into the landscape, but elders in par.
ticular prefer to take a hands-off approach, letting

their cut of the action flow in without working too.
hard for it. Getting involved with the kin:
cially the filthy masses, is dirty work far be
the proud leaders of the Sabbat.

h

During a Sabbat offensive, gang members of
ten accompany packs to a new city with the aim of
expanding their influence and staking out markets
for their illicit goods and services. Such a move
benefits the Sabbar in two ways. First, the
table gang warfare between the target city's crime
syndicates and the newcomers destabilizes the city
and gnaws at the Camarilla's power base. Second,
violence serves as a good screen for
and packs, allowing them toslip into the city while
the Camarilla is temporarily distracted by prob:
lems among the kine.

Finally, influence in criminal circles gives the
Sabbat a very handy weapon in eliminating impor-
tant mortals whom the Camarilla has in its pocket. If
the Sabbat hears tell of a politician or prominent
businessman with dealings in drugs or prostitution, it
busts heads to ensure that the politico is snorting the
Sabbat's drugs and sleeping with prostitutes supplied
by its pimps. If the Camarilla needs that human's
influence, a few packets of incriminating photos

bbat spies

(Gey To: Te Swan or Cae

a


crushes that person's effectiveness.

Mepia CHanners
The Camarilla usually enjoys influ

at in that

to break the

keep the

he matter. The

ff merely a ted vio-

vision news programs silen

blend the Jyhad with the
rtal crime. Newspaper stor
norous or crackp

threats to the M
against the Camarilla, it must find other
beyond the Camarilla's influence. [he best way for
the Sabbat to counter the Camarilla's
among the media elite is to target its o

mall

querade as an impor

influence
¢, the
operator of a fringe Web site or alterna

the radar" for the Camarilla to influence... yet
The Internet offers a whole ve

too chaotic for the stodgy

corral. A few images s the right Web site can
wear down the Masquerade. Although the W;

froma trusted news source, thereare people who turn
to it for fringe news and off-the-beaten-path cover
age of events. Both the Sabbat and Ila use the
Web tovover theis asses, blowing up stories that can
benefic the opposition with so much hyperbole that
no one takes it seriously.

Other favorite S:

ground ‘
the sam

sites, bu

at media outlets are under
nes and street propaganda. ‘Zines have
editorial and legitimacy issues as Web
hey offer a me phically focused
> club ki:
arilla herds. Street prop
n of brute for
the Camarilla media coverup takes
at responds wich an intense propa
dda effort designed to work from the bottom uf
in human society, avoiding the Camarilla's heavy
hitters and focu
by small
with. Sabbat vampires create and distribute pam
phlets and leaflets that st
media is not revealing the tn

andience and tend to.app
typical C
Sabbat's wea

and other
nda is the
¢ in a media cam.

its efforts on media influenced
inites who are more easily dealt

st the mainstream
story behind that
incident in the park the other night, playing on


the public's preoccupation with conspiracy theo-
ries and coverups.

The Sabbat uses similar smear campaigns to
discredit and weaken politicians under the
Camarilla's influence, which has the added bonus
of drawing stream press caverage that can
push the limit of the Camarilla's influence to the
breaking point. As the mysterious leaflets and
their charges of corruption, Satan worship and
mysterious forces at work in che city spread, they
become a news story in and of themselves. Of
course, such media outlets usually attract only
derision from the mainstream, but the cheap and
easy nature of this operation makes it an attractive
one for the Sabbat.

‘Seensor INstanmity

Much as the Sabbat works with fringe media
and outlets too small for the Camarilla to notice,
the sect extends its influence into similarly posi-
tioned political gronps. Extremicrs and radicals fie
right in with the Sabbat's preference for dealing
with the desperate and fanatical among the kine,
those willing to look the other way if they notice
the brutal bent of the sect. Terrorists and other
Sabbat's plans just

political outlaws fit into the
like other criminals; the Sabbat simply must modify

the carrots and sticks it offers them to fit their
political aims. Other times, the Sabbat simply
takes the group's agenda and runs with it, using
political rallies to raise havoc without attracting
undue notice

Fringe political groups that do not thoroughly
embrace illegal methods, such as Earth First! or
PETA, are much more useful to the Sabbat in
terms of sowing chavs and restricting the
Camarilla's access to power. If the Sabbat catches
word of activities connected to industries or fig:
ures that run counter to a radical group's agenda,
the Sabbat gladly hands the evidence over, ce-
menting the group as an ally and casting another
fly into the Camarilla's ointment. Especially in the
United States, where freedom of speech ie nsitally
well protected, radical groups sap the Camarilla's
time and resources in both the political and eco-
nomic arenas.

Fringe groupsalso can provide a quick gateway
to more legitimate social and political contacts.
Some celebrities take active roles in the adminis.
tration of fringe political groups, especially those
dealing with the legalization of drugs such as mari-

juana. Furthermore, the radical end of more tradi
tional political organizations often intersects with
the more moderate edge of a radical grou
bership. A canny Sabbat infiltrator ca
way across the political spectrum, slowly finding
her way toward reining in traditional, mainstream
politicians, pointing an unexpected dagger at the
heart of the Camarilla's network of influence and
power.

s mem
work her

Cutistsanp Frince Mintant Groups

Isolated groups of armed militants, such as
survivalists or cultists, make excellent tools for the
Sabbat. The Embrace of a cult leader gives the
Sabbat a pack of highly fanatical, cohesive kine
ready to endure a variety of indignities in the name
ofthe cult. Such allies are a valuable resource. The
Sabbat uses them as daytime guards and integrates
them into many Sabbat operations, all for the goox!
of the cult, of course

A group of utterly loyal humans
Sabbat a very useful resource to counter the

narilla's ghouls and connections to local law
enforcement. The cult can also throw the Camarilla
off the Sabbat's wail, especially during the early
portions of a siege. A radical militia group might
hold an antigovernment rally, complete with vio:
lentoutbreaksand wanton vandalism thatdistracts
law enforcementand the Camarilla; the true threat,
the Sabbat, moves into town. The C:

time making the connection be-
tween the rwo events, leaving itself vulnerable to.

wes the

arilla might

Tanke fr LineAMAN

From the almanac of Ludo Giovanni

The Sabba's involvement with hi
and radical groups usually catches the Ca
off guard. A prince was caught in quite a sticky
situation last year when @ prominent consetviar
tive attomey was murdered by « leftist radical in
broad claylight. Convinced that the Sabbat was
behind the deed, the princeleftnostoneuntumed
tying to ferret out the real culprits, burning
favors left and right to get to the bottom of the
crime. He came up with nothing.

The most damaging part of the incident is
this: He still doesn't know for sure if it really was
simply the work of lone radical or the prelude to
something more sinister. Quite clever, O Black
Hand — if it really was you behing it.

(Cour To: Tt Swe oF Cane

9


similaroperations involving coordination between

the seemingly mundane, if dangerous, militia and

the Sabbat
The Sabba

militias whe

Iso recruits from subverted cultsand
it needs volunteers for suicide mis-
sions. By casting the Sabbat-Camarilla conflict in
the light of the cult's chosen battle, be it religious,
occult or political, the Sabbat can draw upon a steady
supply of dupes ready two give their lives for the cause.
Ifan anti-UN militant is convinced that the local
Elysium is actual a safe house for the UN's multina-
tional agents, he can organize a picker of the place
and attract attention to it that the Camarilla would
. This action saves the Sabbat the
trouble of doing it themselves while simultaneously
keeping the Camarilla ignorant of the true nature of
the threat against them, at least for a while, During
the time it takes the Camarilla to investigate the
rilitia and track its ties to the Sabbat, the ensuing
ge may already be over

TACTICS OF THE
SWORD OF CAINE

The Sabb
hers, ranging from the deranged plotting of a
alkavian antitrbu to the carefully transcribed epi-
ams of a Lasombra tactician. Forced to fight the
‘enemy on his home turf, surrounded by hostile forces,
under the constant Darwinian pressure of a
war, the Sabbat has forced itself to innov
ways of damaging the Camarilla

RunGinc Up tHe Dead
One of the main problems facing a Sabbat
invasion is communication, especially when deal
ing with the quicksilver tacties of its packs. The
‘Camarilla's formal hierarchy can coordinate their
efforts against a foe. The Sabbat, by contrast,
travels in separate units, Within the packs, the
coordination is excellent, but it's difficult — as
well asdangerous — for different packs to meet too
frequently during an invasion. Phone lines can be
tapped, messengers can be intercepted and slain,
\d Internet connections coincidentally go offline
during times of Sabbat invasion (forward-thinking
members of the Camarilla shur down ISPs and the
like in order to make sure that the Internet can be
used only by those whom they want using it). So,

rather not hi

thas as many tactics as it does m

nd its assets.

then, how does the Sabbat communicate before a
major assault?

The sect makes use of pay phones and secret
codes. The communication networks that the Sabbat
hae when not in combat function tolerably, since the
Camarilla can't monitor the comings and goings of
every visitor into their city. Often Sabbat packs that
may be participating in a strike are given passwords.
Once the Sabbat Camutes are inside the city they're
attacking, they seek out pay phones, marked in
advance, ringing once every hour or so at a random
time. Pick it up, say the code, and you'll hear your
next assignment or another location where more
information is stored. One out of every few pay
phones is a trap, designed to give out misleading
information if anything is said upon pickup. The
Sabbat Cainites also have a few numbers to report

back, as personal communication between packs and

their superiors is encouraged. Other locations may
contain information, or more Sabbat, or nothing at

all. While this tactic is infrequently used, it allows
sto accomplish more than a single goal during

going? In some cases, it's a
-deffort on the part of savvy bishops and
ducti. In the case of the Miami siege, the "brain'
was a Tzimisce innovation/monstrosity that sull
makes its haven in a warchouse in Miami that
supposedly holds goods imported from the Carib-
n. In fact, it's been carefully converted into the
Sabbar's own personal communications hub. Six
Tzimisce, plusan indeterminate number
have been fleshcrafted into a single entity. Its
surface is studded with mouths and vestigial hands,
enough to dial a phone and hold a receiver. The
hive-mind within the thing's bulk had enough
focus to keep track of every Sabbat pack invol
in the invasion, and stayed informed of what to tell
the assorted packs
The Sabbat sometimes ignore the phones com-
pletely, leaving the Camanilla to figure out if the
Constantly ringing pay phones mean anything, or
if the information that they have is worth dis-
ching an investigator to a particular location,
In addition, if the Camarilla is somehow able to
shutdown a phone network — perhaps by greasing
a few palms at a local telephone company — they
lose the chance to find out what the Sabbat is
doing. At times, the Sabbat also sends expendable
shovelheads to linger near pay phones. Killing the

ghouls,

Mowe Sct

0


shovelheads provides a sense of accomplishment
and complacency among the Camarilla, leaving
the True Sabbat to do what they need to do.

Is it unnecessarily complex? To some degree,

but the ability to baffle che Camarilla at the right
time is worth confusing the more expendable mem-
bers of a Sabbat war campaign.

Story Ineas

* The charact are assigned to be the ad
vance agents who are sent into a Camarilla-held
territory to mark out viable pay phone sites. Some-
thing follows them as they move from phone to
phone. Do they try to take it down, or do they
finish their mission, all the while knowing that
they're being stalked?

* A ghoul manages to extract itself from the
Trimisce "network," and is caught shortly thereaf-
ter by local authorities. The player's characters
have to rescue the ghoul from captivity without
attracting undue attention. They may well have to
erase any signs of its passing. Once he's out, the
ghoul tells his captors about the horrible thing he
escaped from. The discovery of the phone creature
explains where the Sabbat receives their signals.
Bur what to do about it?

* Something hascompromised the phone lines.
The Sabbar is giving the right signals, but its
members are receiving bad information —and are
slaughtered as a result. The players' character

tasked to find out who's responsible. Does a traitor
lurk within the sect, or has the Camarilla gained a
valuable hit of intelligence?

Sociat Disease

Vampires usually don't bother to pay attention
todiseases. Its possible tobecomea carrier forcertain
blood-based diseases, such as AIDS and hepatitis, but
those diseases don't affect vampires. Some particu-
larly venerable Cainites literally forgec what disease
is, The Sabbar sometimes decides to act upon this
ignorance, in away that could eventually come back
and bite them in the ass — hard

One such tactic the sect uses is the deliberate
Embrace of plague dogs. Pick a shovelhead out of
the latest crop, preferably one who looks like he's
smarter than the others — a player's character, if
you will. Give him a few weeks of training, some
propaganda and the like. Allow him to participate
in his pack's Vaulderie one last time. Then dope

him up with every communicable disease known
toman and send him into Camarilla territory with
instructions to "poison the wells

Whar the plague dog does next is up to him,
but a great many things can happen. For example

Large herds are difficult to defend. Concentrated
herds are easy to infect. Both are major targets for a
plague dog. All that it takes to infect an entire herd
is the infection of a single member. Many Sabbat
spies concentrate their efforts on determining the
favored vessels of Ventrue and Tore:
the preferred herd of a particular vampire.

The Venirue have a major vulnerability in their
prey exclusion. Infect or kill vessels who fall into
that group (if it's small enough to reliably dispose
of), or prevent anybody from putting themselves
into that group, and the leadership of the Camarilla
finds itself running out of blood. A desperate
Ventrue may not find out that he's carrying tuber
culosis until his new herd is infected.

‘This gambic also works against Sabbat Cainites. To
be sure, the prey tastes of some Sabbat are extremely
broad, but the ones whase herds can be assaulted may
also wind up as targets for this sort of tactic

An threat of epidemic can shut down a city — and
draw national attention — which makes things diffi
cult for the Camarilla. In extreme situations,
disease scare can shut down a city as the authori-
ties try to contain a (real or imaginary) pl

ided Tzimisce and L
have even set ahout cultivating ler

or socialites, or

Some scientifically mi ombra
communicable diseases for their next invasion.
So why isn't this tactic infallible? For one, the
Sabhat themselvesare vulnerable to disease. A single
Vaulderie can infect every Cainice in the pack,
which means that they become plague dogs in turn,
which le sudden outbreak of lethal diseases
among the Sabbat's own vessels. The Sabbat may
well kill their victims in occasional Blood Feasts, or
asthe result of indiscretions, but an upturn in murder
{even in a Sabbat city) and incidences of AIDS and
related diseases further sap the power af a Sabbat
ants to live in acity where
people have their throats slit orcontract AIDS for no
good reason
‘Once the Camarilla has been driven out, the
plague dog reports back on whom he's infected.
Then he may even find himself quietly staked and
sent to Mexico City, where he's interred as one of

(Geant Tc: Te Suc o Cant

1


the Sabbat's secret heroes. The people that he
reported as infected are then slain without mercy,
or left to die on their own.

Stony Ines

* After a successful invasion, the characters
are givena pair of crates by a local bishop. They are
told to bring them to Mexico City — and they're
not supposed to stop for anything. Speed-snorting
ghouls will handle the driving, with the vampires
occasionally relieving them and providing secu:
rity. A piece of cake, right up until a carload of
nomadic anarchs starts following the truck. Then
a tire blows out, leaving the Sabbat stranded in a
bloodless wasteland. Then one of the packages
breaks open, and the player's characters discover
the staked corpse of a well-known Sabbat hero
inside, What's going on? What do the anarchs
want? Why aren't they attacking? Where are the
Sabbat going to find blood? Season with gunfire,
vehicle combat and a seemingly endless drive
south to Mexico, and feed it to the troupe with a
45. I'll be quite a switch from a regular session of
Vampire, but everybody can use an opportunity to
lec off steam sometimes.

Lupine Opepience

The
mortals
Run, try tofight, wh:
die hefore you've finished dealing with it. As some of
the Sabbat lead nomadic unlives, they tend torun up

bbbat regards Lupines the same way that a
regard a sentient great white shark
‘et, you're more than likely to.

‘against the Lupines more often than Camarilla vam-
pires do, Their familiarity wich che methods of the
Lupines has led to a vague form of contempt, in
which the Lupines are seen as berserk killing m:
chines that don't like vampires. Since they don't
distinguish between the different sects of Cainites,
they can be used as weapons.

In its basest form, this means that when the

bat finds itself pursued during a retreat, they
sometimes move into territory that they know is
home to the Lupines. Once there, they make as if
they're about co dig in against both Lupines and

ny pursuing vampires. If the Camarilla pursues,

they fall into the hands of the Lupines, who are
eager to decapitate any Cainites they can lay claws
on. Ifthe Cam: then the Sabbatcan
regroup elsewhere, retaining whatever forces sur
vive the teeth of the Lupines.

illa stays ou

Needless to say, it'san insanely risky tactic. Like
the Sabbat, the werewolves possess a war mentality.
‘When an arrogant bunch of vampires decides 10
bringtheircarcassesonto Lupine territory, werewolves
are more than happy to bite off some heads. The trick
is to shift the notice of the Lupines to the noisier
members of the Camarilla and packs of shovelheads
while letting the Black Hand move through. If a
shovelhead pack actually manages to survive the
night, its status as True Sabbat is virtually guaran-
teed. If not, the Lupines cull them — and hopefully
some Camarilla types as well.

IfSabbat Cainites do this, they prepare todoso
well in advance. Scouts put tentative feelers into
Lupine territory, sacrifice a few new rectuits to
determine their strength, and locate safe
hide if worst comes to worst. The local bishops
might also earmark various packs as sacrifices and
tell them that they're to fight any Camarilla vam-
pires that pursue them through the forest. Not
telling them about Lupines beforehand strength-
ens their resolve — after all, there's nothing out
here but soft Camarilla "Kindred," and they're too
worried about their manicures and silk suits to be
a real threat.

BRINGING OUTTHE Dead
‘The Masquerade is both a strength and a weak-
ness of the Camarilla. It's likely that the custom of

hiding among mortals would survive the collapse of
the Camarilla were such a thing to happen, but for
the moment, the Sabbat has little trouble using it
against the sect that it seeks to destroy. But the
Sabbat can do more than simply violate the Masquer-
‘ade and wait for the Camarilla to clean it up. Many
Sabbat regard the kine as little more than food — but
they're able to use the kine's structures as blinds for
their assaults on their ideological enemies.

One proven technique involves the use of a
city's emergency vehicles. A small pack of
Sabbat, preferably the more disciplined m
bers of the sect, steal ai au
car. Once they've acquired it, they cruis
the city with the emergency lights blazing and
sirens at full blast, waiting for the next signal.
The Camarilla rarely pay them any mind, so
long as they're not making themselves a thre
that requires more than mortal capabilities to


resolve. The Sabbat pack can move anywhere in
the city without being challenged.

However, the Sabbat uses emergency vehicles
for more than transport. The Sabbat picks a high-
profile carget, preferably one of low generation and
fond of appearing in public. Since the Sabbat
usually isn't reckless enough to attack a vampire in
the middle of a crowd of people, the Camarilla
target hopefully becomes complacent — just in
time for a pack of new conscripts to assault him.

‘The objective is to ensure that the vampire is
shot or stabbed ina very visible manner, especially
in a fashion that suggests instant death. The

amarilla vampire can either publicly break the
Masquerade by fighting back — which means a
whole new slew of problems in the aftermath —or
feign death and lethis ghoulsand hangers-on drive
the pack away. While the pack's being destroyed,
Sabbat-paid pundits in the crowd cluck over the
seemingly dead elder, making sure that everybody
present knows thar he's dead or dying.

Then the stinger. The Sabbat-piloted ambu-
lance pulls up, sirens wailing, and Cainites dressed
as EMTs hop out and take the elder aboard. Ar-
tempts to stop them are regarded as hysteria by the
bystanders, who likely intervene tomake sure that
the wounded man is taken to safety. While the
elder rests, planning to either feign death or kill all
aboard after they're out of sight, the Black Hand
puts a stake through his heart. Incapacitated, the
elder goes to whatever fate the Sabbat has in mind
for him.

For the moment, this trick works — it relies
on the crowd knowing that the injured person
has been shor and needs to be aboard the ambu-
lance. If the elder's entourage can move him
away, or if the Kindred is powerful enough to
handle four prepared members of the Black
Hand, then the plot fails. It's risky, but at the
same time, it's an excellent way to remove an
celder's allies and isolate him from help in a
single stroke. It also increases the Camarilla's
paranoia. They suspect ambulances, but they'll
never know for sure what's inside.

This trick also works for less potent

Camai ecially situations
where vu

it's easy for the Sabbat co cart "dead" bodies off
in ambulances — in full view of the public —

only to stake them once inside.

Story Ineas

© The Camarillahas turned the tables;
elder fled from a full burst of machine-gun fire in
view of a dozen people, and the Masquerade has
been broken. But one of the witnesses has been
marked for the Embrace by a Lasombra archbishop,
and he has to be caught before the Camarilla
eliminates him as a witness. The players' pack has
to ensure that the witness doesn't talk to the
media, or any of his friends, while also ensuring
that Camarilla Masquerade enforcers don't kill or
Dominate him first.

An EMT somehow manages to fend off an
attack by the Black Hand. Now he's busily st
the streets, joined by a makeshift strike team of
anyone who will listen to his tale. Can he be
stopped without attracting further attention to his
crusade? Has he talked to his friends in the medical
profession? Has he come in contact with the Inqui
sition or the new breed of hunters? As if the
characters don't have enough to handle without

creating new enemies at every turn.

abba

Burninc Down THe House

‘The Sabbat has a love/hate relationship
fire. Sabbat Cainites are fully aware that itc
them; it's an instinctive mistrust ¢
lead to frenzy if the fire isn't contained. But the
Sabbat seeks to subsume what it can't destroy, and
fire is one of those things. They're constantly
exposed to it during their ritae. As time passes,
they become accustomed to it. Indeed, fire often
symbolizes the sect in many of its leaders' words,
But their enemies in the Camarilla have no such
experience, no such restriction, and as a result,
they're vulnerable to it

During an invasion, the Sabbat have little
difficulty with sending some of theit expendable
members toa high-profile location to set the place
ablaze. The Cainites ensure that the fire spreads
out of control, up to and including fatally trappin
the first firefighters on the scene in order to make
sure that it spreads. Cainites fear fire, but they fear
the wrath of their leaders more, despite the popu-
list rhetoric of the Sabbar. After the war is over,
the fire can be contained. If the Sabbat has lost,
the Camarilla may be left with domains in an ash-
scarred city

(Gear Tor Tit Soon of Cane

B


a5 FON

0s auriua ax padeioges eyjewery 9y | "ey eures
ayp yo paddn pues peosyres ayp 10} Sunyiom peuoM
Yy "Ai BunogystoU ay Uo 249 9s0]9 JUIN
uv adoy eysewes oyp ‘uorseaut peosytes peri
2qp YY "wor surese uoNenodsuen yo suvaw
saeqges 2yp posn sey eyjueweryayp ‘Te JoIsIO A,
ako urd & jo eIgoydonsnes> ¥>e]q
yp UY 9]qno4 ALY LeqES s9pj9 aUIO$ U9AD pure
spouiad papuarxa 404 Jaieauapun urewor ue Aatp
Jey wap! aya O2 pash 94 a,uaze aeqqes pareIquIA,
Aysau puy "uorsinour weqqeg ayp jo A119 aya Joasa1
oYp Wem Wed days ‘9240 y>enae IeAqes parenUD>
-woo e jo xeduit ayp asuredie pueas 2,e> paspury
pavasdua asoyp 9TH A ‘PApUTy pastyauersuastp 10}
punoss Aupoay sejndod w agv spued ea ayp ‘Siuyyp
uo JJ "11 Hulsn yo puoy Ajammud 3,u9E wqges
ayp ‘anbuyper siya jo ss90ons ay oudsaq
4a19 ayp oat dys 01
2]qe a19m sonidurea xp Moy Uo paureago sea wep
ON "woREWOJU Jo Iq 1eTD Jo aspa axp aso] pey
Aoyp ‘saanesado puey 3peig pue siejdwar weqges
uy daap ypau saajaswayy punoy Ajuappns Aoya
Uuoy ‘209 40 ure) 1auassed IA amo Or weqges
ayp paradxa pey eypuemed ayy ar ap on
Paaow ua pure sxoqoy peosper pue usu
IYI way UO pay ‘UAeM IPI payy Ajpemoe
1am YI) S1e> ]10 at Jo Ino soaqaswarp payynd
deqges ‘wes ayFNE YoY, "‘IuEpIoUT UE SuNZEMe
anowpia ynosyp 29] sex ue Aa}D axp UT paaure sae
Wo Apsow Suyynd pear e owas Apuoyg
"eapl ue wrayp uaard pey suonde sty
*youaas sty 40 ‘a91psemod sty tpt paseayd 2,uaiam
Aaya ysnowppy "siouadns s1y 01 yeq powodar
pur yurr at Jo ino sjasuny payind ydasof ‘sa1e]
sinoy [e19A2g "em say Uo OF AN arp ra] Lore
ayp tansind or Surysta 10Ny "apisur jjaswry maze
3}{ "Sa|100 [ed!w9y> Jo HUDIUOD aya pourEAp req
yoann ohdas e punoy ydasof ‘payarued ‘reams poy,
» Suryvasq ynoypim yped amua sty 07 aisem pre]
asn{ pey otfa UoY>Te fassiuED & apear or ydasof Aq
pasn sea anbruysor ay2 jo orssda pear 94 f
"parzaiap Sutaq anowpi 4219 & JayUD oF dem
au & punoy aa,6oy) — ,jaay,, PAWN ze]
2m: ydosof pawreu sopueg Aynsos sysvjnorued
Jo SUOHIE ay O1 syuLY] "WH ISI ay 10)
Aap w ont Burson a1 Aarp uate ane reqqeg asour
a]quioujna moy paztjear sey deqgeg 2yy "LeUS
d4yjesy ajdus w 40 sp1e34909 Aoropoyy ‘9Bino>s v Aq
29 9q Aeus paspury paztuBo.asUN Jo JIny s1eD
prouesed orp jo st Sip v jo aound ayp jf "worseaut

‘ue jo suied aynoyyip azow axp Jo 240 9q ued VORLD04
sejnonzed © yo. ano pue ur somureg Sursop,

VOU TIVY HALVMHAGN) ALT,

"2]qnon josown wr eY]EUTED ayp Ie mos OF a9>UIES
-thu quarstsiad v aq UeD 31 Ang ‘2ouRACUUE Ue $1]
(2uiod aya seq ‘asimsaqpo) punostion a4ydoou
at Suruury ut porsodxa uewp aun soprey v aay,
ew eyewes ayp "GarseseYD saade|d v si uON
-sanb ur Sur|Spay oyp j! Puy "sauoayp poyeq-]ey
Surqungap ur aun say aisem oy way SuIsned
*mouy 242 ut asoyp 01 peards Ae a1 'yZnoUD Sut
1aUOD 5} U2AIS sem ay et UOREUOPUISH Rp jt
anq "uns 94 10) 1no uN
1 YBnous Asea sats
asne> suone|

ava] pur azidumea v ayes
ewe ayp soy sura}qoud
1A apesonbseyy Sunynso2 94]
‘pog Ajjenioe a1,no4 -punose sprasds
pion aeyp ams aye pur 492U99 §11 sv NOK WIM
4]Rd w aams 0 389g §,a] "UO aay MOA ApogduL 11
nod iq: spuewap 1eyp aniseed poojg parr sido
v Jo 3]nsa4 aya due aaey NOA deYP sarge ayy
1a a1 MOU I,UOp ing peap azv oyM ajdoad aie wind
Ur OY ‘ssajaUIOY ay? Jo siaans ayp Uva[> 02 $1.11
gol asoya sjasiue uayjey Aypenaoe ase sande ‘ses
ay YA UT YN ou Aparnposqe DIN — anidunea
we ura jo siaey au sureydxa Suseaquiq aya Surop
reqqeg 242 Jo 23e9 Udxer sey IUD "VOIYSH
mouse ut S]pensn ‘warp aseiquig pue— jeisosiiue
ue paasnipepeut arp ‘sjfop pooyq auars-axéon- mau.
‘uapyiy> — 1q111N3 syoo] oyM. Kpoq
-otHOs quiS 02 st pasfoaut [Up piepuEIS 9yE
coBe aynya uoys ¥ pazyear wages ay Y>1yA
‘MO]}2} 194 10} 9]qNON $89],
-pua asnes ue sidanad asoyp inoge MoUy 1,Us90p
oys autdurea y "uo os pue apexanbsepy 2xp 105
peau oyp ‘satdures Jo suiSu0 ayp ‘suonper |, ay
smouy autdwea ayp Iwyp Surnstia st ssaaod uu
anz2a1 sitpa jo sized 1HeLodun a10u 9tp Jo 3u¢)
anmuTeD mau e sasesqurg a aun A19A9 ysnos
s208 USyO e]juCMIE) ay IY? ssa>01d AYU]
tf jo avAL awoOr—q A[MOIS sty IEqGES 94
SaI-T anv a00 TE

{uowsiaaip soit
yo ured vosie ay st 40 ‘padnp uaaq Aaup aAvpy
"warp jo Aauajd pue ‘aury Ayuo ‘say souduea
ou are axayp — gof axp ynonp Aemypey patizoy Aye
empe a49m SuOINNSU! Hay IY soupy ang
‘any e ens 02 payse st y>ed ,s19198IeYD OY &
yaa auo1s,


that it stopped at a particular point along its
journey. When the train stopped, the Sabbat were
stranded deep within Lupine territory and had no
immediate source of vitae beyond squirrels, deer
and each other. Out of 50 members of the Sabbat,
three escaped, all of whom were Gangrel antinbu.
Some were torn apart by their compatriots in
blood frenzies while still in che tanks. Others fell
to Lupines or were incinerated by sunlight trick-
ling through the trees. Some of the frenzied Sabbat
are still in their tanks, in torpor, just waiting for
somebody to free them from their wombs of steel.

StonvInea
A few hardcore Sabbat have used the tanker
tactic asa wartime Embrace technique. Throw five
Embracees into a watery oil and whoever
survives is a new member of the Sabbar. Obvi-
ously, this should be the players' characters, but

who knows what sort of animosities may stem from.
such hellish rebireh?

THe ONLY Way To Fry

The Sabbat know the value of a blitzkrieg
amtack, which works wonderfully against the cau-
tious institutions of the Camarilla. Mass Embraces
of Sabbar cannon fodder work suitably for this
purpose, but a roundup wastes time, especially in
the short nights of summer. When the Sabbat
absolutely need ro bring a city under their sway,
some may resort to risky tactics.

One apocryphal method concerns a small jet
full of passengers, preferably on a short but late
trip. Getting a trio of capable Sabbat aboard the
plane is simple enough. Once they're aboard, they
pick a specific section and wait. At first, they
Embrace one at a time, making absolutely sure to
use discretion, giving their neonates plenty of
blood so char they don't frenzy. Then they ambush
whoever's unlucky enough co draw their atten-
tion. The first stage is the most precarious point of
the operation, and the use of various vampiric
Disciplines is frequent. By rhe end of an hour, the
passenger cabin belongs to the fledgling pac!

Once a critical mass has been achieved, the
ringleaders move forward co the pilot's compart-
ment. The vampires bully or Dominate everybody
there to inform the tower that everything's fine.
Atany show of resistance, the vampires depressur-
ize the cabin. Cainites can survive thin air and
biting cold — most mortals can't.

Once the plane has been fully converted,
the original Sabbat put the remainder of their
plan into action. The plane flies low over the
coast, or a nearby body of water, while th
Cainites aboard pour out of the emergency ex
its. The last original Sabbat aims the air
some convenient target, destroy
ing a major conflagration as well as stopping ait
traffic in the city. Meanwhile, the vampires
who escaped gather on the shores and move
inland, some 20 strong and hungry to put their
new curse to the test

In one variant of this plan, the Sabbat
Cainites allow the plane to land and disembark
normally, only gathering the pack when they're
away from the airport. Another involves killing
the entire plane, save for the pilots, and letting
the plane land, forcing the Camarilla to decide
whether it's a Masquerade violation. All of this
leaves ample opportunity for the Sabbat to ex-
ploit the Camarilla's indecision.

Tue City py NIGHT

Knowing a city — truly knowing a city —isa
project that can take a lifetime, sometimes more.
The average Cainite doesn't know much about the
city beyond his own personal domain and haunts,
and the Sabbat can frequently find themselves lost
when they venture into foreign territory. A Sabbat
infestation of Cleveland in the 1980s collapsed

when a trio of Sabbat packs were lured into the
suburbs. The maze of tract-home alleys and cul-de-
sacs made them easy prey for Nosferatu ghouls who
knew the area implicitly. Without a knowledge of
the city's geography, an attack can be crippled.
With that in mind, the scouts of a Sabbat
invasion can do some judicious Embracing. One of
the most popular targets for the more subtle Disci-
plines — or the Embrace — are the taxi drivers of
city, who are typically familiar with the city and
its quirks. Need to attack an Elysium from
unexpected angle? An unused street leads right to
it, with only an ivy-covered chain link fence as an
obstacle. Want to find a great place to dump a
body? Taxi drivers know those kinds of sites. W;
to find somebody who knows about the oc
underground? Taxi drivers hear all kinds of weird
stuff from their passengers. Need a fast getaway?
Who's going to stop a taxi on the grounds of being
suspicion Beyond the obvious advantages o
knowing the terrain, the average taxi driver

Cour Two: Te Swe oF Cane

B


en some weird stuff in his time. Some of them gn elder
have met and spol

a supernatural method of fleeing, he
use the conventional methods of movem

with people who are, or have

links to, the supernatural cars, planes, helicopters and the like. Limou
SronvIneas s are a favorite among the wealthy undead,
that the driver is a Cainite himself, looking to force of Harley. But traveling in the same fashion
score a little sustenance. When the cabbie makes asthe kine do means that the vampire is subject to
his move, the characters may reveal their true kind of annoyances that the kine deal

nature in surprise. Whether this gains them a

new ally (or packmate) or results in Final Death an example, consider the limousine

is up to the pack

to follow, doesn't maneuver very

way and
uch,

takes up a lot of room on the hi
very quick. The Harley, by contra
h smaller and a lot more maneuverable

* The pack forms its own taxi company
staking out fares in order to gather p

information about the city and its hidden deni
ens. In constant contact via radio, pack and the Harley has ne
members can aid cach other with but a call ot z
rendezvous if particularly important passenger vent of a crash. Either way,
ails the'eab e Sabbat are quite fond of snarling up traffic,
. ially in ways that play on the paranoia of
Gripiock elders. Drive two cars into each other at the 1
The Sabbat is well aware of the value of know d, and you've blocked the intersect
ing the enemy's location. They're becoming more ble, but it delays.a car long enough
and more aware, however, of the utility of bei k to tear it apart

ble to limit a particular target's mobility. Unk


Motorcycles are even more vulnerable to cer
tain tactics. Take a wire cable, painted black, and
string it across the highway, preferably at neck
level. Taunt a passing gang of Kindred from behind
the wire, wait for them to pursue. Driving into a
wire, neck first, at sixty miles an hour results in
almost instant decapitation. It helps to prepare,
but a wire trap really isn't that hard to construct,
and it works well for removing the Camarilla's
ability to arrive where they need to be

Deainc WitH BLoop Macic

If the Camarilla has one advantage that the
Sabbat would love to neuter, it would be the
‘Tremere and their command of Thaumaturgy. A
clan that, in its earliest nights, withstood the
steady assault of the Tzimisce, not to mention
guerrilla attacks from the Nosferatu and Gangrel,
can easily withstand the assault of a few Sabbat
packs. For that matter, the hierarchy of the Tremere
ineans that they can easily direct, or be directed
into, an attack at just the right place. Thaumaturgy
has no predetermined list of effects; a promising
young Tremere can come up with an original curse
that throws the Sahbat for a loop. Even a clever

ruse like pretending to mark a group of vampires
with a magical beacon causes confusion and panic.
"Can they do that?" is usually met with an answer

of "yes" from those in the know.

The most potent counter to the Tremere
the anuitribu of the same clan — has been de-
stroyed, leaving only two potential assets against
Tremere magic. One of thems the underground of
Sabbat who are spreading knowledge of blood
magic. Thaumaturgy still thrives in isolated but
potent clutches, with sorcerers imparting the se-
eret ways to their packs.

The other, for better and for worse, is Koldunic
Sorcery, which is the stock in trade of the Tzimisce
oldun. The revival of the craft has caused an intel-
lectual schism within the ranks of the Tsimisce. A
small but growing number of Fiends have argued that
Vicissitude has caused the softening of the clan,
resulting in members growing more and more inter-
ested in their own experiments and less interested in
the survival of the Sabbat. They argue that while
Vicissitude has its place, it can ultimately result in
the distraction of the Tzimisce from their duties to
the sect. This has not been met well at all from more

"conservative" members of the clan who feel that

At Wuat Price KNowience?

Unfortunately for cheSabbar, the sect's would:
be thaumaturges may have bitten off tuch more
than they can chew. fn the last six months, the
Sabbat's Inquisition hasseenan upturn in Cainites
using Dark Thaumaturgy, mostly in cities that are
contested between the Camarilla and the Sabbat,
The infernalists who weren't crushed out cost the
Sabbar dearly; at one point, a bishop and a Black
‘Hand strike team were sucked into... somewhere:
else by a screaming conglomeration, of swirling
black trash bags, dead leaves'and hooves, The
only survivor, a ragged Nosferatti anticribu nick.
named Tooth, admitted that he'd been dealing
with the demon who'd dragged away the bishop
and his bodyguard. Tooth isstll being rortured to
Final Death somewhere in Mexico'City.

He isnot alone. One copy of the grimoire he
used tumed up in Montreal; its an untitled dor-
matrix printout, stained with blood and what
smells like coffee. To the few Inquisitors who.
know about it, its called the Textbook Damna-
ton, and possession of it is grounds for Final
Death for the entire pack. But t's double-edged
sword. Sometimes, a Cainire who knows
‘Thauumacurgy can tum the ride forthe Sabbat, A
Cainite who can dovthat gains allies, and those
allies can protect him from the unjustified jabs of
‘arighteous Inquisition: And the Textbook Dam-
nation continues., Mh.

‘The Textbook Damnation:is made of unas-
suming dot matrix letters printed on standaéd
white paper. A fewillustrations have been crudely
arranged within the text, and mostly taketheform
of Post-It notes and ballpoint diagrams it. the
margins. Ipcan't be transcribed or copied. At
tempts to do.so result ina storm of coincidences
that foil the efforts of the transcriber; the lights go.

‘but, people knock at the door, ceilings collapse,
the book combusts.

Vicissitude is both a philosophical tool and an excel-
lenemethod for exploring the boundaries of the flesh
Ifyou can't be free from the shape you were made in,
they argue, how can you be free in any other fashion?

The discussion is swiftly becoming more and
more important. The Tzimisce rarely break into open
conilict over the issue on any scale other th
detta

n ven:
it's an argument akin to the chicken and the
egg — but the Sabbat's vulnerability to the Tremere

(Guar To Tet Suro cs Cane

1


forces the rare Tzimisce koldun to act. The basics of
Koldunic Sorcery are now being taught to.a growing
minority of neonates along with Vicissitude,

For the moment, the Sabbat tends to deal with
the Tremere in a very careful fas
koldum isn't available (and few
that such creatures exist), the
change their tactics. The Sab

¢ must rapidly
t like to establish

a favorable ratio of Sabbat to Tremere, worrying
any Tremere that they can find like a pack of wild
dogs, putting off more important tasks to force the
Tremere out of the way. The Sabbat pull few
punches, hoping to prevent thaumaturgical at-
tacks, The essence of the matter is speed; moving
slowly only gives the Warlocks time to prepare

THe YouNG ONES

The Camarilla is usually careful in who it
Embraces — it's typical for a vampire to sound
our a candidate's thinking and co introduce him
to vampiric society before the Embrace. The

Dbbat,views that as so much wasted time. If the
newly Embraced Cainite doesn't hack it as a
member of the Sabbat, well, then, at least he
dies having temporarily known the glory of
being one of the undead.

Of course, only so many people can become

Cainites within a given city. Moral prohibi-

yainst killing are strong in our society,
a figures of both sects know that
overpopulation stretches the already scarce re-
sources of the Damned.

So the Sabbat have come up with an alternate
Embracing children. En masse. And then
wg them loose on the Camarilla.

This tactic is unbelievably damaging to the

arilla. For one thing, while a fight between

two grown men can be excused in any number of
ways, a fight between a man anda pack of children
is going to attract attention — the kind that
should prevent all but the dumbest of Kindred
from using any obvious Disciplines. Another source
of damage is more subtle. Despite the relative lack
of compassion in the higher ranks of the Camatilla,
many neonates still cling to appreciable amounts
of humanity. Killing a child — even a vampiric
one —can be enough of a jolt toa neonate that it
causes a fracture in her morality. If the situation
warrants, the Sabbat can offer the vampire a form
of expiation by framing a fellow member of the

Camarilla. If the Camarilla can shelter the kind of
monster who can use a child as a weapon of war,
well, the neonate had better join the Sabbat to
fight just that kind of monstrosity. It's very rarely
used, since come neonates just aren't that gullible,
but it has "converted" some choice recruits for the
Sabbat in the past

Other benefits to Embracing children exist
Vampires frequently don't take notice of chil-
dren, especially when they're in groups. Given
a choice between watching the thin, ethereal
woman with a few blood specks on her clothing
—a decoy —and a bunch of children playing,
the Camarilla vampire monitors the woman,
leaving himself open to a swarm of children
suddenly burying their fangs in his body. Chil-
dren can hide in spots where adults wouldn't
think to look, can place themselves in police
protection without a second thought — "Mis-
ter, I'm scared!" — and are the last suspects
when anything heinous occurs, Although they
may be physically weak, an undead child has the
same unholy powers as any of the Damned. One
particular pack, the Blood Orphans, had three
members who'd somehow lucked into immense
supernatural speed. At one point, they destroyed
a pair of templars simply by using Celerity and
straight razors.

But some Sabbat consider the Embracing of
children to be beyond the usual Sabbat monstros-
uty. Others simply don't wish to bring a true
innocent into the Sabbat, believing that the tran-
sition is too sharp, and that it's too difficult to
persuade a child co maintain the Sabbat's loose
version of the Masquerade. And while children
can make effective shock troops, they likely have
difficulty adapting to the rigors of unlife.

But the tactic is secing more and more use in
the Final Nights, and some thin-blooded Sabbat
envision a horde of tiny children fighting a
rising Antediluvian.

THe BRAT Pack

The "children" of the Sabbat, sometimes nick-
named "brats," occupy a unique place within the
hierarchy of the sect. One of the major problems with
the brats is that they actually have a higher survival
rate than other hastily Embraced conscripts. If the
crusade is successful, they're generally considered as
probationary members of the Sabbat, but theirlack of

Menor Sect

B


experience in polities, especially the undead variety,
and the natural impetuousness of youth makes it
likely chat they don't enjoy the same political status
as adult members of the Sabbat. Lack of caution on
behalf ofthe brats, such asreckless killing, violations
of the Sabbat's own principles of self-preservation
and squabbling with other Sabbat often ensures a
messy end (o the pitiful monsters. However, a few
Panders, Brujah and Nosferatu anciribu, feel a warped
sense of sympathy and have used their political
influence to ensure that the brats at least have a
chance. Sometimes an experienced member of the
Sabbat such asa pack priest or templar with time on
hishands is assigned to assist the brats in adapting to
unlife, as well asinforming them of the more abstract
elements of vampiric existence.

Those who survive the first few wretched nights
of theirexistence tend to fall into the same catego
ries as Panders. The Sabbat generally leaves them
on their own in the care of packs to "grow up." The
hope ts that, over time, the children will grow into
a stunted form of maturity

Since the children haven't had time to ac-
climate to the mores of the human world, shifting
to a Path isn't as difficult as it is for those
Embraced in adulthood — they have no "bad
habits" to break. Many brats, unaccustomed to
the hideous demands of the Beast, adopt them-
selves on the Path of the Feral Heart in order to
survive — they can either be extraordinarily
bad boys and girls, or they can be archfiends
who just happen to look like children. How-
find it easy to simply given
in to the Beast, at least according to a few
of faceless, maggot-skinned homunculi
ig Sabbat-infested cities

stor

The brats themselves tend to enjoy their
vampiric existences for the first few years. Many

of them find a communal haven and concen-
trate on helping the pack. Those who suffer
separation issues with regard to thei parents try
to replace them, moving into a house and Domi-
nating the occupants into treating the brats as
their children or adopting parental figures from
the sect's leaders. Of course, it's difficult to
punish somebody who has Disciplines, and most
parents don't last long. Those who do some-
times end up as ghouls, or Embraced by the
children themse| who lack the moral so-
phistication to know what they're doing.

And the bratsof the Sabbat have been overheard
torefer tohelp from some kind of malign spirits. One
of the suggestions made by the Giovanni is that the
spirits of dead children may be helping the brats, but
why would dead children aid such inhuman crea-
tures? Peshaps something in the afterlife doesn't
mindseeinginnocence dragged down intooblivion..

Any Way You WantIt

Certain factions of the undead have long
had a reputation for being able to obtain what
ever you want, as long you're willing to pay the
price. But their reputation as being untrustwor-
thy has chased them for as long as they've been
around, and many Kindred know t
with such dubious company is a
gain what you wanted and lose everything else
Setites, Giovanni and numerous bloodlines and
groups are all part of this independent ‘sce
that chooses to exclude itself from sect politics
and deal instead with individuals.
bbat, by contrast, has never been re
the last organization that's going to do
for anybody. If a vampire is approached
by the Sabbat, the natural response isn't suspicion
at their ulterior motive — it's astonishment. Why
would a normally selfish organization suddenly
come calling with an item that the vampire has
been searching for all of his unlife? And all that it
takes to acquire that item isa minor favor, like
letting the Sabbat know where the prince of the
city likes to meet his vessels. In addition to the
small favor, the Kindred doing the be
expect tosurvive the crusade without much trouble
assuming she's unwise enough to remai
‘Whav's the Sabbat up to? Not m
the above, really. The sect knows that
ally regarded as untrustworthy, so it m:
everything it can to ensure that
"turn" will be treated they may con
tinue to use the tactic in the future. Very few
exceptions to this rule exist. And the items or
services offered are genuine as well. Of course,
those who have taken the favors offered by the
bat are fully expected to give something in
retur; otherwise, they're hounded by the Sabbat
until the end of their existences
Cultivating traitors is a remarkable amount of
work, but the Sabbat has found that it reaps many
rewards. For example, say chat the local Tremere

dealing
od way to

ethan
"s gener-

Ido
vampires who

,s0

Gara Two Svom or Cos

2


wants access to a particular fragment of a forgotten
grimoire. Sending a pack of Sabb:
distracts the Camarilla @ particularly
troublesome pack from the local bishop's hair and
gives the pack needed experience in using their
Disciplines. If they happen to be wiped out, they
probably wer ich to the
And, most impor.
st crack at whatever the
fants. Vials of an elder's blood?
" one and keep one. A look at a
transcription of the Book of Nod? Give him the
original and take the copy. An artifact? Keep
anything else that happened to be in the area. Kill
your sire and break the blood bond? Sure, and take
anything that the sire owned while you're at it
The Sabbat will probably never be as good at
temptation as the Setites

to retrieve it

1g to contribute
effort anyw:

nly, they have ch
Sabbat's client

Give the "eli

its members have too
much else to do to concentrate on temptation
and their overtues w potential debtors are fre-
quently clumsy, but it's slowly becoming better at
it. And I defections or absences at the
right time are what the Sabbat needs to turn the
tide of a battle

few cruc

Unper Cover OF THE SEASON
Many Kindred really don't pay a lot of atten-
tion to yearly events — the turning of the seasons,
the celebration of mortal holidays, the weekend
and so forth — except as it affects them. Freed
ries about the cold or heat, unburdened
the subliminal threat of knowing that they'll
dic in a few decades, most Cainites regard marking
time by mortal standards as simply beneath their
notice. And excusably so; they have much more
important concerns. A few of them, used to the
permanent summer of the American South, have
actually expressed shock at the sight of falling
snow; it's up to a (hopefully) sympathetic fellow
Kindred to explain just what the white stuf falling
from the sky is
for research and recreation — winter granting
more time to complete undertakings — many
Sabbat have begun to make this period into a
season for vicious raids on Camarilla territories.
The winter offers dozens of advantages for vam-
pires on the move. For example, Masquerade
violations have additional cover, since the driv.
ing snow hides a lot during a blizzard, and

inhumanity can be concealed under a jacket
and snow pants. Unlike the frantic attacks of
summer, in which it's race against the rising of
the sun, winter attacks can afford to he stretched
out. Sometimes, wo attacks ean be launched on
the same location in the same night, or the
attacker can vary his pace to keep the

Jas created what the Sabbat call "ice hav

invading packs can simply find a car and bury it
in a snowbank. A bit of camouflage and briefly
running the heater at thirty-minute intervals
gives the pack an almost undetectable haven.
Of course, sudden thaws or discovery by the
police can lead to a messy situation for all
involved. In an emergency, Sabhat have been
known to simply have themselves buried in a

snowbank, sleeping through the day and shak
ing off the cold when nightfall hits.

MetHonin THe Mapness

‘The Sabbat offensive thrives on what the
Camarilla doesn't know, whether it's the staging
point of a Sabbat invasion, the motives of a
Lasombra elder or how many havens have been
identified by their spies. Nothing thrills the heart
of a bishop more than to hear a dozen different
theories of what the Sabbat is and how its members
fight, hopefully from the very same Camarilla
vamnpires who will be on the frontlines against the
sect. Misleading the Camarilla about its basic
objectives means that the Sabbat can concentrate
foul ies trad Object ves with leek TnuaTieence

So the Sabbat often simply tries to confuse the
hell out of their opponents. Packs are dispatched
into the city on obvious suicide runs, supposedly
given proof of their invulnerability by a secret ritus
— which is useless. Another is sent to put
masking-tape X on a particular lamppost, then
leave. Another's sent to draw as many chalk body
outlines as they can on a particular street, some of
which are against vertical surfacé
result is that the Camarilla finds itself deluged in
Sabbat packs that perform inscrutable tasks that
seem to be part of something much larger. The
obvious consequence of not figuring out what
they're doing is the culmination of some awfu
ritual that will kill every vampire in the city or
raise some hellish elder — or so the Camarilla

Mons Sea

a


thinks. While the Camarilla ck

tings, the Sabbat can attack sc

Corpst BALLOONS
Fighting in the air has never be

less Jyhad, prima
Ofcourse,

in the
to obtain a c
ault without
nebody within
«came up with the i
balloons in order to monitor what v
below. Unfor »w problems: e almost
The first, and most vocal, was that
no self-respecting Cainite was going to be ¢
alloon, especially one that looked

off a motivational postcar

na hot
ike it had
other was that the intense flame involved in heating
he balloon would likely cause Rétschreck at the
worst possible time. The th
balloon would make noise a

was that a hot
be easy to der
also lacks an immediate escape route, w

ther distanced the Sabbat from the notion.

Leave it to the Swe
with one of the most bizarre, dis
entially Ma

modern nights. The idea would have

imply been
discarded if it hadn't been for the actions of a
Tzimisce, sel

scipline

‘the Organist," who had to
n was afraid of heights, so the Organist cut h
legs away and kni his flesh
balloon, which he chen prompt

listance above his haven. The ghou

floate

his fear of heights, and

hhile he was up there

nist had hims why not give him

a pair cula that matter
why not f a city? The

fe} immediately presented his plan to the

accolai rtly thereatr

Several Tzimisce ne

s their journeymen piece
he next invasion, the balloons went

h-powered binocu:

Hanging upside down from matte-black


points — mostly medium-height buildings that
didn't attract a lot of attention.
veral times during the night, the ghouls
le to warn the Sabbat below of approaching
ia agents, spreading fires and mortal au-
thorities. Of sixteen, three were lost —one drifted
into power lines, one was brought down by what
seemed to have been a thaumaturgical ritual, and
‘one had his line severed. The ghoul drifted for two
hundred miles, eventually expiring from exposure.
‘The corpse was found, caused a minor Masquerade
breach and made a few tabloid headlines, and may
or may not have tipped che Camarilla off to the
existence of the corpse balloons. The Organist
himself met an extremely painful Final Death by a
mage ally of the Camarilla known as Jack Robat,
but his legacy survives. During some Sabbat inva-
sions, a black balloon rises into the air, bearing a
twisted homunculus beneath...

AMutuat Respect

The Lasombra have always been best at lead-
ing the Sabbat — organizing attacks, disciplining

T know that the Sabbat love their Elysium at-
tacks. Where berter to stab than at the hearvof the
Camarilla's authority? Where better to catch. the
bulk of the Camaiilla's most august leaders, where
they'll be unprepared for a sudden outburst of vio-
lence! An infallible tactic, surely.

One night, while searching fora particular relic in
Milan, | wasinvited catrend Elysium by the esteemed.
Giangaleazo. He anticipated a: Sabbat ‘actack, but
‘conducted the Elysiumanyway. I thoughtitan extraor-
dinarily foolish actionar the time. I chose not toattend,-
of course; I had things to-do. | found the saint's finger L

wanting to attend the Elysium for my own edification,

Tonly understood why affer the fact:

I could See the Sabbat gathering for theirstrike
asLapproached Loose clothing to conceal the wiarks
of unholy fleshcraft, Sabbat communication graffiti
cetched.in the usual places, a raging fire that nobody
could bringunder control. Elysium wasa small palazi0,
empty when I walked in save for two pedple. Onc of
them, on a raised stage; was agit! of perhaps 14 who.
was absolutely terrified. The other squatted in the
frontrow, crawling with shadow. choughtLasombra
when I saw him, but later thought becter of it:

Sacnen Gi¥sitM!
From the almanac of Ludo Giowanni

was looking for an hour later, though, and found myself"

Manos Sea

2

their subordinatesand keeping an eye on what the
Camarilla does. Almost every attack on the
Camarilla has had the Keepers at the helm at some
point. Many Lasombra neonates find purpose as
spies and scouts, but a devoted few voluntarily tisk
themselves in combat. Their sires don't fight with
the common rabble, reason the neonates; there-
fore, neither should they.

Of course, the demonstration of this attitude
has had repercussions for the Lasombra. While the
Lasombra elders themselves surely aren't above
fighting in the streets, the actions and attitudes of
a few neonates have given the rest of the Lasombra
the impression that they're above the rank-and-
file of the Sabbat. This has led to some rather
venomous bickering; a few neonates who styled
themselves as superior have quietly "disappeared,"
usually at the hands of theit sires. Pride makes few
allowances for cowardice.

In order to repair this breach, some of the
Lasombra's elders have decided to take their roles
to the frontlines. Instead of planning the next

» The Sabbat attacked. J recall watching the girl
‘Start to sing — nonsense syllables at first, but later it
coalesced into words. Hersiniging drowned beneath
the gunshots, catcalls- and war cries. The shadow

thing in the front row. think that Irealized
why I'd come thet, why T couldn't see his face, why
the Camarilla hadn'e bothered to reinforgé him: He
‘moved past'me. I the gil, listened co what

Outside, ew sporadic. ©

A car alarin sounded, |. Something.
down the stairs into'the palazzo, and 1)

broke mygaze fromberlongerioughtoseethatithad

belonged to a Cainite: q

‘When words crept into her song, the shadowy |
figure was back: Lcoulfénly atk pasing bythe
blood tril it left on the floor. The gitl—no longer |
terrified — wat sitiging verdes from the Book of Nod, |
but no version that I'd heard: [listened until she'd |
finished then left. The only fernant of the Sahat)
attack still moving.was a Cainite whoad been tom
neatly in half finished the job— indulged myself,
really — and left ao i

"Thar was a single elder, in fury. Two oF more in
‘he sane space? Eisium auddenly seemed a very safe 5
place to be. Europe és a' complicated place. i


attack from behind a table, they lead packs of
Sabbat into the conflict directly. Some Lasombra

elders have even been given charge of shovelhead

packs, whipping their fledgling charges into frenzy
with brutal efficiency. Camarilla coteries usually
expect a certain level of challenge from a pack of
raging Sabbat, but as soon as one of the members
of the coterie is purm

led into torpor by a vam:
pire who was thought to be a newly Embraced
neonate mere moments ago, their confidence
plunges. Once the Camarilla can no longer rely on
Sabbat packs to be consistent, they're forced to
expend more resources on mass Embraces than
would normally be necessary. Meanwhile,
Obtenebration is a powerful combat Discipline,
especially in the shadows of a city.

However, the Sabbat acknowledges certain
drawbacks to having a Lasombra elder traveling
with its packs. For one thing, the elder ofte
outranks every other Cainite in his pack, in age if

not status, and he very likely isn't shy about sacri
ficing one of the weaker members in order to
secure his own survival. He's likely unfamiliar
with the pack's tactics. The pack bond between
him and the rest of the pack may be tenuous, since
he hasonly partaken of one ortwo Vaulderies, ifhe
deigns to do even that. His commitment to the
pack's goals may be marginal — strong and steady
when it comes to dealing with the Camarilla, But
ifthe elder needs to save his own investments from
a Camarilla coup, he may simply bow outand leave
the pack to its own devices

His presence among a Sabbat pack, ifdetected,
ensures that the pack gathers attention — both
from the Camarilla and from the elder's rivals
within the Sabbat. An assassination attempt on an
elder froma rival can easily be concealed during an
attack — and the unstable pack that was with the
elder at the time can be framed with little diffi-
culty, if not simply eliminated as witnesses

(Cours Too: Ta Seon oF Cone

B



The dogs di

The beggars are coming to town!

‘Some in rags, and some

in wags,

And some in a velvet goun
Traditional

In the Wes
Camarilla and Sabbat is the engine that drive:
night. The Camarilla and Sabbat routinely exploit
resources, trends and cultural detrituson ascale nigh
unimaginable to mortals. Of course, as the two sides
fight, mortal, and cultural capital inevitably
falls lost in the struggle, like scraps from the mouths
of two lions contesting akill. All manner of outsiders
willingly risk being trampled to scavenge what they
This chapter covers the role that the indepen
dent clans and other neutrals play in the great sect
wars, Whether you're trying to hire an Assamite
slasher, curry a Setite's web of favors, or simply make
‘ort of peace with those damnable anarchs,
1 tips for doing so.

fiscal

OutsmeRsaxp THe Seers

‘When negotiating with a vampiric independent
vampires of the Camarilla have one vast advantage
over the Sabbat: the very prestation ties that bind

Camarilla
tend to honor their (publicly granted)
d independents know this. A Camarilla

ublicly prc

them on so many other occasions. In shor
ince who ses domain and a seat on
the pr sader of the local Caitiff in
wyainist the Sabbat will likely
keep her promise. Thus,
can often negotiate favors now
tnexehange fora boon tobe called in ot a later dare
The Sabbar, by contrast, feels no compunction

albeit reluctan
Camari

against cheating outsider Kindred. This is fine, ex
cept when the outsider Kindred in question are

Gurr Tt: Sra Bests

fy


aware of this. Thus, most favors must be repaid
immediately by a favor in kind, if not by an outright
payment of blood or cash (see Chapter Two).

The following listings detail several groups of
undead (and other creatures) chat, while outside the
immediate planning perimeter of a sect siege, none-
theless have ample opportunity to participate
willingly or otherwise in the struggle.

ANAKCHS

Anarchs are the primary group with which both
Camarilla and Sabbat must contend during a typical
siege. While organized bands of anarchs are most
common in Camarilla domains, afew powerful anarch
coteries have survived in Sabbat territories as well.

Unlike many other independent Cainite social
groups, anarchs rarely strive to stay neutral during a
siege. Unless the entire brood network is composed
of puling, hypocritical cowards — which is entirely
possible, mind you — local anarchs will certainly
involve themselves in asect war. The questions to be
answered are how, when and for whom.

InCamarilla cities, the prince, primogen or other

authority figures' relationship with and attitude to-

ward local anarchs determine how the powers that be
view them during a siege. In some domains, the
elders are tolerant of anarch deeds and screeds; they
see anarchs as wayward childer, a phase that many
hot-blooded young Licks go through before absorb-
ing the true lessons of unlife. In other areas, anarchs
are viewed as traitorous scum, and interactions be-
‘ween princes and anarchs are marked by nightly
tension, hateful words and sporadic bloodshed.

Bur professing a distaste for an elder by no means
ensures a knee-jerk allegiance to any force that
threatens that elder. Anarchs have heard all the
nasty rumors about the dread Sabbat, circulated
several paranoid stories of their own to boot, aren't
too eager to welcome demon-worshipping, fire-eat
ing monsters into their domains. If the prince,
primogen or clan leaders have made some conces
sions with regard to domain and the like, most
anarchs with a teasonable sense of self-preservation
willaid in che defense of their domai
it overrun by vampires with unknown powers and
obviously satanic intentions.

In cases where the anarchs themselves are scared
of the Sabbat, they often make a great and blustery
show of negotiating pacts of truce with their elder
rivals, and wise elders play to the anarchs' pride just
enough to cement a firm alliance against the enemy
both truly fear.

Even in a domain in which anarchs routinely
squabble with the elders, anarchs often ultimately
side with their rivals against a Black Hand invasion.
‘Asmuchasthey publicly espouse the ideals of change
and egalicarianism, anarchs are still vampires, and
they tend toward "devil you know" syndrome as
much as any mortal. When relations are this cool,
though, anarchs often drive a hard bargain, negoti-
ating for conciderable concessions. with regard to
prey and domain in exchange for their aid against the
Sabbar. Failed negotiations might not drive the
anarchs into the Sabbar's arms, but such anarchs
might publicly proclaim their intention not to raise
a fist in the domain's defense

‘Ofcourse, some anarchs truly loathe their princes
and primogen (often with just cause) and would
gladly deal with the devil to bring them down.
Others are fascinated by the Sabbat, admiring the
sect's drive and energy. In any event, such Kindred's
knowledge of the domain is invaluable even if their
influence and power are weak, and all but the mo
foolish Sabbat gladly accept these rogue elements'
aid in overthrowing the domain, In exchange, they
may allow the anarchs a chance to stay in the city
after the balance of power has shifted. Then again,
they might simply offer to count to 10 once the dust
has seceled — giving the anarchs a fair shake at
getting the hell out of Sabbat domain.

One of unlife's many ironies is chat, properly
courted, anarchs can be a domain's saving grace.
Once placated, the young, feverish Licks are re
tively casy to inflame agoinst a target of onc's
choosing. A prince of sufficient cunning
the majority of her dirty work — including the
"brawl in the street" stuff — done by the very Licks
who rail against her in more peaceable times. It's
happened in Chicago, Los Angeles and Milan.

A prince who can not only turn away  Sabbat
siege, but uses that very siege to weaken internecine
‘enemies, gains great status in the eyes of her peets and
is likely to be well spoken of at the next conclave

Princes must beware, though, that leadersamong
the anarchs aren't too smart for the prince's own
good. Itis not unknown fora canny anarch leader to
‘come to terms with her elders, then play prince and
Sabbat against each other, weakening forces on both
sides until she can purge the domain of al rivals.

In one instance, with a Sabbat siege imminent,
ovo previously rival anarch leaders secretly joined
forces while feigning their usual state of enmity. One
leader betrayed the Camarilla for the Sabbat, while

Mec Sx

&


ce for the duration of the conflict. Both anarc
nerally forcing both the sects
costly and bloody engagements. When both
and Camarilla were sufficiently weakened
both leaders were at each other's throats, but tha
beside the point
chs in Sabbat territory are relatively rare
makes them forces to be reckoned with by both
defenders and attackers. It's likely that any anarch
ensconced within a Sabbat zone have come to an
fense of the area; then again, given the Sabbat's
it's entirely possible that this is not the case. In any
not to have their hands forced into doing anything
special seat on what will be the primogen council
have recruited gainful allies indeed

‘Camarilla domains, While Sabbat Pan
sidered full members of their sect, albeit
nd their parcicipaagi pling as
cratugy Camarilla Qaiciff are
often ignored by membergipf both sects pil the
events of the siege get full underway. Alagfior the
Caitiff, they're not ignorgd much longer aff@t that
ittle in unlite isggood per se for a Cait, a
siege is particularlyltt@uiitic. Thgssiftration for a
Caitiff caught in the mifdghfiere is roughly akin
to that of a new fish igs@m@etimum-security prison.
Devoid of allies, sydfig'creatige'c y await the
assault that's suxg(@geome. To the Camarilla, Caitiff
are cannon fodder. he enemy, Caitiff are rela.
tively defefiGelless rations. It's tough to say which
the deadltepapritude
For the clinless, the best time to weather a si
before it starts. Wise Caitiff are well schooled int

Booations


notice one or two scrufly new Licks attempting to do
likewise. Ifthe local Caitiff community can correctly
peg these newcomers as Sabbat scouts, they might be
able to reach a proactive agreement with the powers
behind the upcoming siege. The goal of any negotia-
tion, of course, is a nonaggression pact: Do what you
(the Sabbat) want to do, target whom you will, and
leave us (the Caitff) alone regardless of the outcome.
We won't harm you, and if you win, we'll acknowledge
your supremacy. Of course, such ideal pacts are rarely
reached and even more rarely honored. But in a siege,
Sabbatare gunning for the big dogs, and they have little
need of jackals nipping at them in the process.
ve Caitiff have tried to capture these
spies and bring them before the prince's justice,
believing that by doing so they can both root out the
Sabbat cancer before it takes hold and get on the
prince's good side in the process. Such a course of
action is logical, clever, honorable and thus often
disastrous in the viper's den of Kindred society. Most
princes scoff at the idea of the clanless dragging "one
of thet own" before them to be judged in some kind
of tacky internecine squabble, ail the while babbli
paranoid nonsense of Black Hand conspiracies. If
they get sufficiently irate, they likely punish the
whole lot — accused, accuser and any other Caitiff
in the vicinity. Moreover, ifthe Sabbat gets wind of
the Caitiff's actions, the sect likely devotes a paladin
or two to cut down the Caitiff "community" as an
example or simply for spite.
Once the rumblings of war sta
local Caitiff can count on a v

of course, the
from a sheriff,
seneschal or other representative of vampiric au-
thority. Many of the clanless find a certain blea

amusement as elders, who have previously spoken of
(and to) the clanless only in epithets, now court the
Caitiff with honeyed words and phrases like "com-
munity of the Damned" and "our city." Nonetheless,
Caitiff typically find themselves in no position to
turn down such backhanded succor, and, with a very
heavy and

necessary sigh, commence to choosing
sides in the conflict.

The one meager advantage the clanless have is

that, in the evenc that the tides of war shift, they ean
switch sides more readily. Generally, the leaders of
the Sabbat see Caitiff as only marginally allied with
their foes anyway

‘The upturn in siege activity over the past decade
orso has seen afew examples of cunning Caitiff using
a Sabbat siege togain status in the Camarilla, Horatio
Alger style. Far more Caitiff end up as expendable
pawns to be casually sacrificed in the most suicidal

and hopeless of gambits. A Caitiff's best bet for
survival is to pretend to cooperate with whichever
representative of whichever power shows up at her
haven demanding cooperation, play all sides against
each other, and find new digs if possible. Sometimes
this means outright evacuation into the werewolf
infested countryside. This is but one of many miseries
that plague the clanless.

LuN-BLoopeD

Generally speaking, the position of the thin-
blooded during a siege is similar to that of Caitff,
save that their lack of social cohesion is made even
more precarious by an accompanying lack of vampiric
power. Simply put, any coterie of thin-blooded vam~-
Pires foolish enough to stand in the way of a war is
probably going to be ripped to shred

Bur thin-blooded Cainites have two primary
advantages unavailable to other Licks. These advan
tages aren't much to speak of, but they offer the
barest possibility of survival at ground sero. First,
thin-blooded vampires are generally not even worth
bothering with during a siege. They're the ticks that
will be squashed after the city is secure, and ticks of
sufficient wisdom know enough to change dogs well
before this eventuality occurs. Secondly, some thin-
blooded vampires an disguise themselvesas mortals
This is typically used to lie low and avoid notice, but
clever and gutsy thin-bloods can parlay this ability
into an offer of employment as spies. Whether any
full-blooded Kindred even deigns to honor a bargain
made with thin-blooded undead is a matter of cit
cumstances, but that's something with which the
thin-blood in question simply must contend.

AUTARKIS

"May you live in interesting times" — a Chinese
curse — a malediction to bring war, famine, political
upheaval and other miseries intoa previously staid lif
Forthe autarkis— those Kindred whocare litle for the
Jyhad or the sects that fight it —a siege is nearly always
the very definition of "interesting times,

As purported neutrals in the sect wars, autarkis
make excellent scapegoats for nearly any wrongd
ing committed by enemy spies and more "upstanding"
Cainites alike. Ifa Sabbat acts as an agent provoca
teur, hee first instinct isto frame a local autarkis for
her villainy. Ifa Camarilla opportunist decides to use
the siege as an excuse for profitable treason, domain-
grabbing or outright diablerie, his first instinct is to
swoop on the nearest aucarkis. After all, while it

Kindred neighbor was

brutally murdered by the dread Sabbat during their

Moc Sect


maleficent invasion of our prince's proud domain," it
was her own fault for "not choosing to partake of the
safety inherent in community."

On the other hand, most autarkis with more
than a few decades to their names are not fools —
and a siege provides as much opportunity to "do.
unto" as to "be done unto," For every autarkis who
prefers the relative peace and quiet of a Camarilla
demesne, there's another who readily sells the Sabbat
information on the city's infrastructure, political
webs and domains —especially the domains of those
elders who have driven the autarkis to che dregs from
which they typically feed.

ASSAMITES

‘When one thinks of a vampiric siege, one imme-
diately thinks of war, bloodshed, slaughter and
violence. And so itis not surprising that of all those
bloodlines allegedly neutral to the great sect wars, it
is the warrior caste of Clan Assamite that is most
visibly sought our during an impending conflict.
Certainly, the clan has much to offer vampires
who come courting it for military aid. Clan Assamite
has access to a vast network of mercenary and espio-
nage services and agents, which it can provide if the
price is right, While primarily based in the/Middle
East, the clan has set up a web of contacts éellyand
fixers across the globe. A clan representasive gfn act
as an arms broker and mercenary rect
access to espionage and militgey by
personnel that most orinetd

St oPStruggles, they should per
back tgitho fights of the Inquisition.

‘The lan produces remarkable tacticians and
strategists, of both the ghoul and vampire variery.
Despite their reputations as agents rather than plan-
nets, Assamites are often consulted strictly for their
knowledge. A Camarilla elder whose memory of
military tactics stopped with pike phalanxes or the
Battle of Agincourt would do well to purchase the
advice of an Assamice when faced with the Black
Hand. In particular, Assamites are privy to the spe-
cific stratagems of their own antitrib. More than one

Assamite has been retained as a temporary vizier by
aprince and primogen council who themselves know
Tittle of war

Assamites themselves are formidable spies and
saboteurs, particularly if a prince doesn't trust (or is
prejudiced toward) the Nosferatu who make their
havens in his domain. Though Clan Assamire lacks
the information network of the Nosferatu, an indi-
vidual Assamite can slip into a guarded
readily as any Sewer Rat — and, if detected,
Assamite's supernal speed and fighting skill make
her much more likely to report back

Assamite spies re of particular value to Camarilla
princes in the modern nights. While the bre
the Tremere curse was no doubt a source of woe to
the Inner Circle, it has had one benetic
Assamites can much more readily "pass
Sabbat brethren. So long as they can av
Vaulderie (and, as diablerists by trade, Assamites are
skilled at avoiding unwanted sanguinary entangle-
ments), a non-Sabbat Assamite fits in rather readily
with the members of, say, the Black Hand, When
packs and individual Sabbat Cainites are trickling

to the site of the crusade from hither and yon, it's

often ludicrously easy for a resourceful prince to
re spy in the camp of her foes.

blunt and simple terms, of gogtse,

ssamite contributes most grgfMly to

particularly with theenthusi

Pbecome the

‘amarilla that

‘Sedge. as many

effiploy Ygutsiders in

akegthiy fo anything,

Gn Cémarilly elders'

Potion late even

edt than arethe Sabhat.

een laid, pawns deployed

% and scale chosen, a battle

must often be won through selective physical vio.

ence —and in this, the warrior Assamites have no

peer among the Kindred.

Even in the manipulative, debauched world of
the undead, it's shocking just how much sheer force
can balance the scales. If a generalization must be
made, the average Camarilla vampire tends to be less
skilled at direct violence than bat of
similar vintage, simply by virtue of different direc-
tions in unlife. However, an average Sabbat, used to
sporadic slashing brawls between befuddled orgiastic
rites, is less of a bad ass than a focused, disciplined
Assassin. The canny elder has an understanding of

(Cow Tit: Seaver Bereions


how to deploy all resources — Assamites included.
to balance the strengths of the field

Perhaps even more importantly, the acceptance

however reluctant or tentative —of the Assamites
on the part of the Camarilla sends a clear message:
We will do anything and everything to retain our
domain. Given the checkered past between Cla
Assamite and many Camarilla luminaries, the fact
that a prince and primogen agree to bring the Assas-
sins into their domains (and muster the necessary
prestation to do so) isa clear show of force and unity
to onlooking Sabbat
Once the battle is joined, an Assamite is merely
another (expensive) warrior, and the Sabbat is rarely
short on cannon fodder. Most targets can be over:
‘ome by a mob of newly Embraced neonates. Then,
too, any siege of significant scope invariably results
in the mustering of the Black Hand, many of wh
are Assamite antitibu. Assamites' propensity for
dablerte can deprive Sabbat partisans of their spoils,

and Sabbat elders are well aware that, thetoric or
no rhetoric, the promise of elder vitae is the surest
means of firing up the troops. Finally, deployment of
an Assamite can be seen as a show of doubt about the

Sabbat's own ability to take its target — which can

weaken Vaulderie-forged camaraderie and give hope
to encircled Camarilla targets.

Exceptions, though, do occur. Some key targets
(many elder Tremere, for example) are well pro:
tected. If a Sabbat siege must rely on small numbers
of skilled veterans (for example, templars and pal:
dins) as opposed to gangs of ritus-created maniacs,

one minion after such a risky target
0 great a gamble to tal

sending eve
might be
the wise archbishop or priscus might make a decision
to expend resources on an Assamite rather than risk
undead capital

f mites are also more widely used in the initial
stages ofa siege, when the Sabbat seeks to eliminate

In such a case,

critical threats without revealing its own presence.
Ideally, the Sabbat will deploy an Ass
‘Camarilla town, have the Assamite commit its mur:

mite in a

ders, then attempt to pin the killer's crimes on the
victims' primogen, clan rivals or the treachery of the
Assamites among the Camarilla fold. Thus, not only
are important targets slain, but the survivors are also
thrown into confusion and distrust
¢ Sat

intheir ch
field with

bat leaders, seeking to instill ferocity
te for the battle-
he public understanding that the Assassin
entitled to commit diablerie upon any elder she

ses, contract an Assan


can catch, Seeing their own prizes thus put at risk,
the war packs fight all the harder in an attempt to
take down elder prey before their erstwhile ally can
do so,

Of course, Assamites themselves are hardly pas-
sive onlookers during a typical siege. Like most
so-called "neutral" vampires, Assamites do not hesi-
tate fo interject themselves into an undead struggle
if so doing serves their interests.

Some independent Assamites actively seek out
confrontations between the sects. Pethaps they're
tying to weaken both sides foran eventual Assamite
gambic. Pethaps they have inscrutable reasons of
their own for their behavior. Most likely, they're just
out for as much money and blood as they can take.
Such creatures follow the winds of war, appearing at
just the right time to offer their services to increas-
ingly desperate combatants on both sides. Indeed,
one famous Assamite is known to work only during
sieges, only for individual vampires, and only takes
contracts involving the slaying of ome chosen rival
She shows up during a siege, offering her services to
whichever individual on either side can first pay her
exorbitant fees, whereupon she meticulously and
unfailingly slays the single vampire named by her
employer. Following this deed, having proved her
value, she again opens herself up forbidding — often
to the opposing side.

Other Assamices prefer to slink like hyenas
around the perimeters of a contested city. In the
chaos and violence, they can easily take down prey
for their bloodlust, knowing the murder will be
blamed on the attacking forces.

A few proud Assamites, remembering the scorn-
ful wordsheaped on them by their Sabbar "brethren"
during their period of humiliating enslavement to
the Tremere curse, routinely offer their services to

a princes facing a Black Hand assault. Hav-
ing accepted payment, these Assassins gladly take
on the antieribu on the other side, seeking to make
the erstwhile "Unconquered" pay for every slight
hurled their way over the past 500 years. Most sane
princes (and even some Malkavians) are all too
happy to avail themvelyce of such allies.

FOLLOWERSOF Set

Next in line at the Jyhad negotiating table are the
Followers of Set. Although the clan is noc generally
known for itsapritude at war, any sortof sizable conflict
issure to be a breeding ground for the deals, favorsand
influence on which the Serpents feast.

A Setite's key advantage as a potent
‘unctuous willi
ccestral ha

ly is his
sgness to help. Unencumbered by an-
esor clan rivalries, a Serite is all too eager
to listen to the sob story of any potential client. As
a tule, Setites are also flexible. If you can't pay an
Assamite's fee up front, she'll probably cease nego-
tiations; Setites, by contrast, makea point of working
with you to arrange a feasible deal, Indeed, the more
destitute and desperate the client, the more readily
the Snakes will help him.

Perhaps the most important asset the Followers
bring to the Jyhad is their staggering presta
This is especially true in Camarilla dom:
such genteel traditions are honored. But Serites have
ways of holding even the most blood-addled Sabbat
berserkers to their promises. A Setit

jon web,
s, where

for a while,

jonships and

favors from the domai This weapon
is most potent during Bive. A Sabbat
who come: to a workilg e
who's well connected in fa domain can use
to literally turn

ame: of the place
jer) whose prince owed a
vors done in the past.

and the prince summa
clared the domain a Sabbat territory, and wal
into the sunrise rather than besmirch his word.

Naturally, this isa tactic best used by the Sab
‘The Sabbat themselves lout the concept of prestation
and rarely honor any such obligations put upon
them. Setites, knowing this, tend to demand that
deals with the Sabbat be repaid in tangible capital
(blood, money, territory) rather than promises — at
Ieast on the Sabbat's end. For their own part, their
terms are infinitely negotiable.

In terms of sheer financial capital, the Serpents
play an edge often ignored by members of loftier
clans. While many Camarilla top-feeders swarm
around the obvious sources of capital, and many
Camarilla bottom-feeders dwell among the destitute
and powerless, Setites often base their power struc-

(Gamer Tae: Saw Baruows

1


tures among the multitudinous niches of ready cash.
to be found within communities of the urban poor.

Just as an individual grub or termite p
little nourishment, bu

ovides
n entire colony can feed a
much larger animal such as an aardvark, so modern
Setites have learned the secrets of battening on the
myriad unglamorous but succulent morsels in a city's
economic compost heap. Low-level drug transac
tions, prostitutes' takes. conveniently directed or
isdirected welfare checks, grants to fraudulent pub-
lic housing registries, and (particularly in socialist or
c nations) the ubiquitous"dole" all make

come for the Serpe!

rantalisi

Many Setites are experts at generating, redirecting
or cutting off these sorts of cash flows. This influence
becomes most profound when the minions of another
vampire depend directly or indirectly on such income
to sustain themselves. On the simplest level, pethaps,
an anarch's favored retainers, allies or herd, discour-
aged by the scarcity of lucre, tend to stay at home
instead of gomg out ito the Rack where they can be
easily contacted. And itneed not be added thar thissort
of moijey is more liquid (and less visible) chan che
portfolios with which some other clans prefer to deal

Setites themselves don't tend to be of as much
direct use as their minions, but they are still formidable
‘opponents. Setites' capacity for espionage is nearly as
sreatas that of the Assamites and Nosferatu —bat itis
as agents provocateur that the Serpents are unparal-
leled. Their Obfuscate and Presence Disciplines allow

them to ensconce themselves among an enemy's mor:
tal minions, then bend those minions to their will. In

particular, if a sect wishes to soften its foe
with propaganda and weaken theie organi
a Setite is often the perfect tool to accon

sources of

minions
onal ties,
lish this.
The primary danger of employing a Secice in the
Jyhad is that it's entirely possible the Setite is weaving
both you and your foe into her web. While deals with
Setites tend to be the easiest to meet up front, they're
also the hardest ones to escape. Whereas an Assamite
might charge a steep blood-price before doinganything
t, at least the price and the services
rendered tend to be cleatly fixed. Many Setites, by
contrast, simply smile and offer loose agreements of
liance — then orchestrate things such that their
allies" need their help more and more as the struggle
goeson. And once the battle is "won," the aftermath of
an entire domain in debt toa Serpent can be worse than
domain ravaged by the Sabbat

A Girt Wit a Foren ToNoue

From the almanac of Ludo Giowanni

One... ahem, interesting facet of the Followers
of Set is their fetish for snakes, While this would |
ordinarily be merely a fascinating, albeit repulsive,
addendum to the sordid tale of a fascinating, albeit
repulsive, clan, this trait was exploited by, particu
larly brilliant prince about 60 years ago. This |
particular prince was Besieged-by a Black Hand
warband led by a Sabbat priscus and virulent
(Camarilla traitor who happened to be the prince's
own blood-sister, the fellow childe bf the same sire.
Driven to the Sabbat by insane jealously and rage |
directed against this prince (Whom the priscus
‘melodramiatically accused of poisoning: their mu-
tual sire's heart against her), the priscus had souht
for nearly wo centuries to lay her brother low,
Certainly, the situation looked ‘grim; the priscus )
was frankly more personally powerful than the
Prince, unquestionably more fierce, and had as-
sembled a force that outmétched and outnuimbered
the prince's own. However, from the early nightsof
their Embrace, the prince remembered that the
‘priscus suffered from acute ophiophobla,a holdover
from her breathing days:

‘Without hesitation, the prince entered into a
prestation pact with acoterie of Stites in exchange
fora fairly minor gift: some of those ghoul serpents
the Followers liked to have slithering about their
temples. Perplexed, the Setitésagreed, asking in
return for some modest privileges in. the prince's
domain, and the prince called in a ghoul courier to
surreptitiously plant a package in enemy territory.

In short order, the priscus had made an undig-
nified display.' succumbed to' an exceedingly
destructive frenzy. She was torn apart for treason
sand cowardiée. The disorganized remnants of the |
warband had been driven from the domain.

GIOVANNI

taturully, che vampiric Giovannt tend to orches-
trate their affairs through their hydra-headed mortal
family; as any historical account of them details, the
family structure is the primary means of, and base of
operation for, achieving their variedends. Asaplayer in
the Jyhad, therefore, Clan Giovanni often faces a di-
Jemmasimilartothatof England or Turkey in aDiplomacy


game: it's strong in those areas of the board that its
family directly cultivates but suffers setbacks when
expanding into areas not under its purview.

‘Ofcourse, family that encompasses everything from
senatorial polities to South American witch doctors is
fairly well diversified. Still, che Giovanni's influence,
while expansive, often ends very abruptly at times. What
the Giovanni can do, they can do very well; what they
can't do well, they probably can't do at all.

In theory, so far as the Camarilla is concemed, the
Giovanni clan is bound by mutual agreement never to
interfere in the doings of the Camarilla and, by exten-
sion, the Sabbat. In practice, this treaty is honored as
much as most Kindred agreements — in the letter more
so than the spirit.

Despite that, Giovanni rarely interject themselves

leign to become involv
trouble is sure to he brewing.

As befits the polymorphous nature of its extended
family, the clan itself has much to offer would-be allies.
‘The family's involvement in organized crime permits
the clan to take arole in many of the gambits common
to Jyhad, from intimidation of kine to money launder-
ing to gangland asa
connections, though relatively sparse, are highly placed
influencinga congressional bill takes considerable plan-
hiny and prior nocice. Glovanai ghouls tend to be
highly skilled and heartlessly mercenary, and the family's
undead members sometimes consent to "outsource"
their ghouls, brokering them to the highest bidder for
services that few vampiric Giovanni would likely con-
sent to perform.

The Giovanni pethaps serve best, though, in the
unglamorousbut vital role of lending institution. In any

sect war, major

given siege, pethaps the only thing more important
than a steady supply of blood is cold hard cash. The
family can provide a desperate prince or archbishop
with necessary capital (paid back with interest) in much
the same manner as any mortal banking enterprise
with the vital advantage that it's less necessary to
explain just where the money's going or for what pur-
pose it's being used,
fall the independentclans, the Giovanni tendtobe
the least courted by either side during a sect war. Not only
‘ so than
most Kindred clans), but they also tend to drive the most
obviously hard bargains. Whereas most Followers of Set
want you to be pleased with the deal you made, whereas

whatever suits their fancy, the Giovanni have no
ppunctions about tightening the screws and lau
their debtorswince. In some senses, such negotiations can
simply be termed honest — but few Kindred appreciate
honesty, preferring todo business with the Setite who tells
them whar they want to hear

OF course, any individual Giovanni might become

involved with either side for his own personal reasons. In

‘TueTRoupie Win Money

Despite vampires? purported "Machiavellian

manipulation" of] it's not nearly
easy for them to raise large amounts of capit
‘one might think, Thescenario of the prince walks
into the bank and Dominates: en io
giving him a bunch of money" is, frankly,

Bicglin rma Disiplion earners teil "|
to blithely commit acts thar
hea eee ven |
ifone or more Miucingtan often 2s |
ecole Hasse eae ee
aly so much any one mortal-or group of mortals
ccan do to, move eapital. A CEO or CFO muse |
‘answer 10 @ board of directors; a/bank president |
typically answers to higher-ups at the bank's cen-
tral branch, Then 09, in the easeof banks, there
are FDIC. thei equialentsinother
sountries) governing'the control and distribution
ofthe bank's funds.

From a mechanical standpoint, few powers |
allow acharactertoforéeanothertoactcontraryto
her Nature —unlessa lending officer's underlying |
character traits foolishness or gullibility, she's not
goingto be signing any vast sums of money without |
sufficient collateral to cover her onin ass. |

;

(Cyne Tre: Sra: Beortuows

3


thesimplestterms, going tobat for the winning team offers
the possibilities of gamering a slice of the spoils once the
dust has settled. Giovanni are as interested in. blood,
‘power, influence and wealth asany Kindred, commodities
that flow freely during the greatest strugeles. Ifa generali-
zation mustbe made, Giovanni prefertoassist the Camarilla
during these affairs, if such an alliance seems reasonable.
Ie' simply easier to do business in a region of relative
stability. However, few young Necromancers have sided
with the Sabbat in exchange for arcane secrets or simply
for morbid amusement

RaAvnos

The leaders and luminaries of the sects find the
Ravnos capricious and uncontrollable even in times of
peace. Why in Caine's name, then, would they want
their "help" in an undertaking as chaotic as a vampiric
war? For the most part, thisis the attitude taken by both,
sects. Nonetheless, Camarilla and Sabbat have both
found occasion to court the Rogues, or at least accept
their offers of aid, ifthe situacion is right (or sufficiently
desperate).

Ravnos, with their cunning ways and strange
sions, have their uses in a struggle. An attacker:
sect can weaken the defender's organization,
both by sending one or more Ravnos into the
well prior (in some cases, years prior) to the actual
itself. Such acourse of action ischaney—the fast
Ravnos typically exact a heavy
risking their precious necks,
more of a selfish "cause
dan forateatning any y
sort of aid is solicited
of domain war better th:

Raynos are infamous for their abilicy to steal.

theft of objects is not typically of vast importance
Jyhad struggle, "thefe" of key enemy personnel
kidnapping — can prove vital. In many cases, a
orchestrated Ravnos kidnapping can prove better

aa Subbat War Party; not only is an imporeant C:
removed from the enemy's forces, but she and what

she knows re delivered fully functional into the

of the enemy. Of course, the kidnapping of key mortal
such as a preeminent Ventrue's herd or a trusted ac
countant, is a potentially devastating weapon in the
handsofthe Sabbat. Andcertain of the more tradition:
bound clansand bloodlines —forexample, the Ventru
and Trimisce —mighteven listen tooffers of ransom for
a luminary of sufficiently hoary vintage.

(Iegoes without saying thata staged kidnapping isan
excellent way of extracting a double agent of either sect
from the aegis of the enemy. Moreover, many Ravnos are
happy to participate in such duplicity and might thereby
give their aid for a lower-than-normel price.)

Perhaps the most attractive feature che Ravnos
have to offer, though, is the mobility inherent to their
nomadic existence. Ravnos can often position them-
selves as a siege's supply chain (for attackers) or
black-market lifeline. Even in peace, few Kindred of
any stripe care to contest the Deceivers' comings and

ings; this is doubly true during a war. Clever Ravnos
can slip from downtown to outlying suburhs or neigh-
boringdomains,smugglingin needed blood orsmugeling
out Kindred, messages or other necessities. During the
siege of San Antonio, one enterprising Ravnos made a
illing (figuratively and literally) by smuggling in Mexi
cans right from the Sabbar's own domains dad into the
waiting talons of starving Camarilla strategists,

Ravnos can likewise smuggle guerrilla warriors or
‘other operatives through checkpoints and guarded do-
‘mains to attack the foe when and where they least

ct it. Naturally, the prestation debt for such risky
is high indeed, but such activities can spell the
between victory and defeat

homadic Ravnos can, of course, also disrupt
supply chains and hinder key cargets' comings
ngs. Wise (and desperate) princes have occa-
ly entered intq deals with the Ravnos, employing
least slow the influx of Sabbat

> asiege region.
t Ravnoe don't confine
whimsof Camavillaor
mosis as likely as any

of profiteering, A domain in

¢ of chaos provides ample, if perilous, opportunities
¢ acquisition of money, favors and vit:
hen, too, a Ravnos might simply take the initia-
in offering her services to one or both sides. As a
Ravnoshirelingsprefercoact as spies, saboteurs, ot
s provocateur rather than bravl in the streets —
as with all things Kindred, this depends on the
vidual vampire.
Asawhole, though, Ravnostend toavoidsect
ferring to conduct theit business in more cong
surroundings. War's a messy business, and ir's all roo
‘easy to become the victim rather than the victimizer.
Why bother to prowl a war zone, think the Ravnos,
when pickings are just as easily obtained in more peace-
able surroundings?

Mow Suz


INCONNU
‘Older than the sects themselves, the ineffable

Inconnu rarely condescend to involve themselves in
the struggles of their progeny. At least, that's what
Camarilla elders tell themsclves. The Sabbat, by con-
trast, inflames its packs with paranoid whispers of
monstrous Inconnu puppeteers standing in every
Camarilla city's shadows,

In truth, Inconnu rarely have a unified agenda to
uphold during a siege. First and foremost, any Inconnu
ensconced within a domain is likely to conceal herself
and wait out the struggle. If that's not a viable option,
many Inconnusubtly help the defenders if possible, not
wishing their havens to be ruined by crazed fledglings.

But sometimes an Inconnu might instigate or en-
courage a siege. Having forsworn indiscri
bloodshed, though, such an Inconnu likely has very
clear reasons for doing so. Maybe a fellow Inconnu in
the besieged domain needs help in clearing out some
overly violent or clever Kindred residents; the entire
siege is orchestrated with just this aim in mind, In any
event, Inconnu partial to rival sides practically never
come into contflice themselves, and they generally try to
negotiate a resolution between themselves, then imple-
ment this resolution through blinds, unwitting allies
and outright puppets.

‘Should an Inconnu be discovered during a siege —
an extraordinarily unlikely occurrence —Sabhat in the
area very likely make the destruction of the "Antedilu-
vian devil-spawn" their primary objective, outweighing
even the capture of the domain.

‘When introducing the Inconnu into a siege scory,
Storytellers should keep in mind that these ancient
vampires, who so predate the sects, generally have a
larger picture of any given struggle than the sect leaders
themselvesdo, Like the gods in dramas such as The lad,
theInconnumight help orhinder individual stratagems
‘or vampires for their own motives — which likely have
litele codo with the ostensible goalsof the serugele itself.
Tewould beastrange thingforan Inconnu toorchestrate
an entire siege simply to help one Kindred along the
path to Golconda — but Inconnu are strange things
themselves, and une never kuows with diehidderones

CATHAYANS

Ifa sect war is a perilous and bizarre undertaking,
then how much more so in regions known to be inhab-
ited or craversed by the weird and mysterious Cathayan
undead. These Asian vampires, with their uncanny
powers and strange methods of warfare, can turn the

tide of battle or cum a struggle into bloody three-sided
contest. The only thing certain about them is that their
presence is likely to bode ill for at least on
probably both, sides in a sect wa

Relatively few conflicts between Camarilla and
Sabbat take place near Cathayan domains. However,
Cathayans are increasingly making their presence felt
in North American and European sect struggles.

Garering these beings'aid isan exceedingly prob-
lematic task for either side. For one thing, they seem to
dislike, perhaps even despise, both sects, considering
their tenets absurd and crude. For another, many
Cathayans don't resemble vampires as Cainites under-
stand the term; some can masquerade as living mortal:
while others seem to have divorced themselves from the
same hunting practices and feeding needs that bind all
Children of Caine regardless of sect.

The Cainite who disregards conventional wisdom
and deals with the Cathayans is advised to try a few
tricks. For starters, he should lean the language of the
‘creatures' herde, or default to Mandarin if he can't (a fair
number of the beings' words seem derived from Manda-
Tin). Heshould realize that the Cathayan social structure
is nothing like anything he's used to, and he should
assume that any Cathayans with whom he deals prob-
ably aren't the ones making the real decisions (all the
while, of course, treating the envoys with exceeding
respect anyway). He should hope for a nonaggression
pact at best; trying to recruit Cathayans into a Cainite
sect war isa display of shocking temerity and outright
rudeness. Finally — his best hope — he should avoid
contact altogether, try to trick his enemies into anger:
ing the Cathayans, and watch the ensuing fireworks
from a safe distance

For more information on Cathayan martial prac-
tices, see Shadow War for Kindred of the East.

SHADPESHIFTERS

As the undead well know, werewolves and
shapeshifters of all descriptions haunt the wilds beyond
the cities. One of asiege's few blessings, though, is that
it's likely to be conducted within the confines of an
urban or at least euburhan domain While th.
been incidents of shapeshiftersinterjecting themselves
into a Jyhad gambit to strike down both sides indis
criminately, such incidents are far from common.

«from shapeshifters is most prevalent among
membersof Sabbat nomadic packs. These wild outland-
ers, who hunt prey along the perimeters of asic
sometimes been hunted themselves,

(Gum Tat: Sean Bromus

8


al thought as a

hated each
me immemorial and have stubbornly

anything other than the hasest of
t time, Whether or not
e in the history of these

Vampire
lematic enou
ns during
‘amarilla princes
through. theie
gh, a vampire must


Some elder Sabbat have personal alliances with
mages, and a few cabals of sorcerershave been known
to work with certain Sabbat. Generally, though,
such pacts are individual and idiosyncratic — cer-
tainly nothing to be counted on.

The most common way, if such can be said, for the
sorcerers to become involved in a Cainite siege is, not
surprisingly, by being dragged unwillingly into the
affair. Whether out of resentment over the constant
depredatione of the warring undead jackanapes or the
desire to profit from one side or the other, a mage does
what she wa

Not that the sorcerers are above building ties to
the Kindred world; quite the contrary. Many mages
are inquisitive creatures, and it's in their nature to
seek out the enigma that the Childer of Caine present.
Many leave the tables of the Damned disillusioned,
though, perhaps disappointed in the petty squab-
bling upon which so many
evernal unlives

ts for her own reasons.

GuHosts

It is widely known that the Giovanni can con
tact the spirits of the dead. From time to time
vampiric struggles in spots reputed to be "haunted!
have given rise co eerie events transcending even
what could be expected during a Cainite war. For the
most part, though, the dead do not m
affairs of the undead

Faeries

If the fae exist at all, they know enough to keep
their heads down during an undead war. Of course, any
supernatural struggle that takes place over centuries
will have itsshare of strange and inexplicable incidents,
Ie's possible that some of these can be traced to mischie-
vous or vengeful fae. No verifiable evidence of such is
forthcoming, though.

Gras Tie Soar Botions
"



The object of war is

make the other bastard die for

—Ge

Winston Churchill referred to war as "the
times that try men's souls," and this is equally
applicable to struggles among the undead. Note
that Churchill didn't even bother to mention the
the physical horror that the

troops could inflict on the British defend:

true measuring stick in conflict is what happens
internally to the characters involved in it — do

obvious

their souls remain intact through the trials of war
and dew
strength fail?

The heart of storytelling is the crucible
series of events that tests the protagonists p!
cally and spiritually, forcing them to pe
adapt or suffer ignominious defeat. Fe

form as much of a crucible as warfare, and so wars

have been the backdrop of stories ranging from the
myths of the Titans to Three Kings

aul and David to Apocalypse Now's Captain
illard have had their convictions tested, upheld
red during the v
among vampires should be no differ
ent. A sect siege, when it finally erupts, should be
a crucible in which all characters, player and
re irrevocably changed. All too of
ying games in general

present conflict asa simple mechanical exerci
how many dice rolls does it take to hack down the
nameless, forgettable fi front of you? Such an
approach reduces the grandeur of the great epics to
the one-dimensional carnage
shooter video game

f a first-person
and while such exercises are

Gums Fou: Sonne ne Tees o Cowuct

%


admittedly enjoyable in their own right, conflict
in Vampire: The Masquerade can be something
more stirring and meaningful.

The following chapter is designed to help Story-
tellers conjure upsuch asweeping tale—to make the
Siege of Detroit or the Liberation of Miami be a story
every bit as moving as the Fall of Troy, Battle of

or Siege of Gondor. Hopefully, you'll craft a

-your players will talk about for yearsto come.

Genre Conventions

Look in an indie video store, and you might
well see an entire wall of "War" movies. Just as
with other genres, such as the Western, the
romance, or even the gothic horror story, cer-
tain conventions apply to war stories — certain
common traits passed down from the earliest
tales of the Babylonians and Mycenaeans, with-
out which the story just wouldn't feel "right."
This chapter is designed to introduce you to
some of these conventions

OF course, the introduction of vampires into
the mix means that we can throw a few of the
conventions out the window. The thought of an
anarch's Caitiff buddy dying in her arms,a last plea
to "win one for the boys in the Rack" gasping from
his blood-flecked lips, is as inappropriate as it is
maudlin, Still, war ishell even among the Damned,
and it's surprising just how many of the timeless
storytelling techniques apply to the great Jyhad.

Mopetsor Maviem

Before planning her chronicle of epic conflict,
a Storyteller would be well advised to spend a
couple of weeks looking at how other tellers of
tales through the ages and in all media have done
the same thing. Invariably, the common denomi-
nator in such stories is not the struggle itself, but
rather the ability of the teller to craft empathetic
characters and demonstrate how the horror and
stress of war affect the outlooks of these characters.
Take, for example, Akira Kurosawa's ma
niece The Seven Samurai Essentially a siege" story,
the film revolves around a childishly simple plot
en nomadic warriors are hired to protect a
village from marauding bandits. In the hands of
many other "artists," this story has been (re)¢old i
a shoddy fashion. In Kurosawa's hands, the tale
becomes a timeless treasure, simply by focusing on
the characters and how the events of battle inter-
act (often tragically) with their personal

ter-

worldviews. Katsushiro, the eager samurai-in-train-
ing, discovers that his glorious illusions of valiant
combat are just that — illusions. Kikuchiyo, a
lowborn and delusional peasant, dies hero's death
and is buried as a samurai. Kyuzo, greatest swords-
man of hisage, fallsignominiously toa gun-wielding
brigand. Because Kurosawa took the time to estab
lish his characters and make you care about them,
their triumphs and defeats in the midst of chaos
ring that much truer.

(One of the key elements of this sort of thing is
that the characters and situations leading to the
struggle are built up well beforehand. This is what's
so advantageous about a Vampire siege — usually,
the conflict itself is the result of years, perhaps
even decades or centuries, of espionage, diplo
macy, alliance mongering and political
maneuvering. Thus, when the siege finally hap-
pens, it'sat the climax of an established chronicle.
Everything that's happened in peacetime is mir.
rored, ruined or inverted in the cauldron of war,

The onset of a siege is a great backdrop for
tragic flaws and an effective way to bring subplots
and buried tensions to a dramatic head. By its
nature, a sect war is often the Most Important
‘Thing in the unlives of the local undead. Once the
struggle scart, all lesser plots must be swiftly dealt
with and resolved — all at once, usually. Is a
primogen afraid beyond all reason of fire? Have her
become trapped in her burning haven, either as a
poetic end or as. a means for her to face her terror.
Is the anarch leader in love with both the Brujah
whip and a Sabbat paladin? Now's when he has to
make his choice — or perhaps he walks into the
sun in despair. Has the sniveling second-in-com-
mand been itching for a chance co take out her
pack leader? There's no better time than in the
midst of a savage, chaotic melee.

‘War is essentially about the sudden juxtapo-
sition of real people with savage violence and
death; this juxtaposition works much better
with established characters for whom the vio-
lence is a confrontation with their own
weaknesses. The cowardly, effete Toreador
prince who meets his Final Death at the talons
of a Sabbar pack after suffering grievous health
levels of aggravated damage — who cares, re-
ally? More interesting and evocative is the
cowardly, effete Toreador prince who's cap-
tured and subjected to brutal revenge at the
hands of the dread Sabbat foe whom the prince

Mewar Sec

100


has feared for centuries. The cowardly, effete
Toreador prince who's assassinated in his own
chambers by his "blood bound" lover, who is
revealed to be a Black Hand remover in deep
cover — more intriguing still. And the cow
ardly, effete Toreador prince who, facing the
foe he's dreaded for centuries, suddenly finds
the coura hold off the Sword of Caine fora
few turns co let his childe escape the fray
well, now you've got a story to tell.

STORYTELLING TECHNIQUES

The following isa list of various storytelling
techniques. Some of these can be applied to
any story, but most are particularly useful for
siege stories.

Heer ann Face Turns

In professional wrestling (which is really an
ongoing, lowest-common-denominatorepic myth)
they're known as heel and face turns — those
junctures in which the purest of good guys sud-
denly "turn bad," renouncing their former
teammates and fans, or when the vilest of the vile
suddenly have an attack of conscience or honor
and come to the good guys' aid. More elitist view:
rs might instead recall Darth Vader's betrayal of
the Emperor in the finale of Return of the Jedi

In any event, the heel of face turn, or some
thing similar, is a staple of war stories and can
be an effective storytelling device. The stalwart
minion of The Other Side who, overcome with
tespect or love for a player's character, decides
to join thar character's side — or, conversely, a

defender of the faith who suddenly turns traitor

is an integral component of conflict-ori-
ented tales because it adds a dash of human
na to the otherwise straightforward

«— the Sabbat Gangrel antieribu
who goes ourand ripsall of her foes into gobbets,
just like she's expected to do, is boring. The
same Gangrel who suddenly turns on her sect
due to centuries of suppressed resentment over
the overbearing Black Hand dominion wh
showed up to orchestrate the siege, or who
realizes that a long-lost childe of hers serves as
the besieged domain's sheriff... well, that's a
little more interesting.

Of course, such changes of allegiance should
be as meticulously thought out and sensibly ex-
ecuted as they are in movies, literature and, yes,
pro wrestling. "Shock turns," implemented for no

Fou


other reason than because vampires are eeeeeeuil,
leave the players questioning the story's logic and
in turn ruin the precious suspension of disbelief,

GoAtt Our

A siege is a big deal. To the lords of the
Camarilla, it's catastrophe. Even among the
most hardened war packs of the Sabbat, sieges
‘are momentous events that change the balance
of vampiric power forever. Treat them accord-
ingly. Don't let anyone, player or Storyteller
character, escape a siege unscathed. This is the
time when you can throw the "personal" horror
to the wind and get epic.

This is also the time when important charac-
ters die, or when tha
been kind of

nonymous vampire who's
nging out on the fringe of your
hand-drawn coterie chart suddenly reveals herself
asthe mastermind, This s the time when wretched

chs carve their place in the city's power struc-
ture, and when proud primogen fall.

All this drama is not necessarily synonymous
with "all the vampires face off in the middle of
downtown and proceed to get all Jet Li on each
other's asses." A dramatic high point can be as
simple as the entire primogen council delivering a
vote of no confidence to an established prince.

Tit Dankxess ann tHe DAWN

Generally speaking, the part of a story imme-
diately preceding a climax is also the most
desperate. As human beings, we don't really like
stories dealing with faits accompli. The invading
army who outnumbers its desperate foes ten toone,
then proceeds to... well, win, is realistic, but it's
not what we, with our love of the underdog, want
to see. We want to see a ragtag, desperate force
hopelessly overwhelmed and pushed to the brink
of despair, then somehow, impossibly, come back
to pull out the victory from defeat.

This isdoubly true ina siege. Even in Vampire,

sometimes it's just good drs
or at least the lesser evil, triumph against all odds.
Hopetully, the players' characters will be the cata-
lysts of such miraculous comebacks. Make things
look hopeless for the characters, let them seem to
be on the verge of being wiped out, and then offer
them that faincest glimmer of hope for turning the
tide. Then, if you need to fudge a few dice rolls or
nudge the story in a certain direction for the sake
of a satisfactory conclusion, go for it. Just don't let
the characters figure out you helped them

to let the good guy:

Of course, you might want to focus on the
characters' desperate attempts to escape the
inevitable victory of the Other Side and the
ensuing carnage

A valiant but futile straggle againse the
inevitable, if handled well, can be among the
most riveting and heart-wrenching of stories,
Some of the most remarkable and stirring true
war tales, from Thermopylae to the Warsaw
Ghetto, deal with doomed soldiers who, in los-
ing, made their victors earn every bloodstained
inch of their conquest

CLASHOF THE CHAMPIONS

We've spent much of this book telling you nat
to run war chronicles by taking the cheesy route of
having the Big Bad Ass-Kickers on the Camarilla
side and the Big Bad Ass-Kickers on the Sabbat
side square off in the middle of downtown and start
whooping up on each other with Feral Claws and
Lure of Flames and rocket launchers and katanas
concealed in trench coats and God knows what
else. That having been said, sometimes its fine to
have supethumanly deadly predators, you know,
actualy fight each other. Really. It does happen. If
your siege involves a 6th-generation Gangrel with

of Proveanon one side, andan Assamite
antirribu who's been practicing swordplay since the
Crusades on the other, it's not a mortal sin to bring
the two together and let them rumble. As with any
other aspect of storytelling, it's how you do it that
gpells the difference between Epic and Crappy
Comic Book.

Ic must be remembered that many elder vam
pires spent their breathing days in eras when duels
were commonplace. In some ancient cultures, op-
posing armies routinely sene their best fighters to

ce off in single combat with the champions of the
foe. Such duels commonly served as a prelude to
the mass combat, but allowed one side or other to
gain a significant psychological advantage. Espe

ially in cases in which one side is outnumbered
bur has a few excelle
preliminary duels can improve the morale of the
"troops," provided their side's warriors win

Ina few cases — especially if a siege has been
cor promises to be costly for both sects — a duel
between champions might determine the result of
the siege. This is particularly dramatic when a
player's character is one of the champions in ques-
tion. Imagine the pressure when che outcome of

t combatants, a couple of

Mow Sexe


the entire siege rests on your shoulders (and Traits).
Then again, if one of your players has built his
Brujah with Potence and Celerity up the wazoo

maxed out his Physical Act Brawl, Dodge,

Melee and Firearms; and run amok through the

Rack for the entire chronicle (and we all know one
of these sorts, don't we!), now's a perfect time to

let him put his money where his fangs are.

Such anevent can be an excellent way topoint
out the difference in mores between elders and
neonates, In a dramatic standoff in which the
Ventrue prince wouldn't dream of interfering in
the one-on-one duel between her sheriff and the
Sabbat templar, the players' characters might be
feverishly plotting ways to do a drive-by on the
distracted combatants. Such crass behavior will
likely see the characters branded as untrustworthy
curs even if their actions gain their side an advan
tage, But then again, expediency generally
supersedes honor during a war, and doubly so
dui

Everynopy'sSomenopy

War's a big business. Even in the relatively
confined crucible of an undead siege, all manner of
things take place. Neonates scurry around the
streets seeking sustenance or havens; ancillae and
elders deploy their human and financial capital,
wielding entire economic and social strata like
rapiets in pursuit of victory. And so, in the night-

of battle, Storyrellers can sometimes forget
that the players' charactersare the most important
story components, regardless of the scope of the
goings-on around them,

A siege, more than nearly any other moment
in Vampire, provides opportunities for characters
to test themselves and theie limits. More impor-

nly, it provides opportunities for characters to
ct. Ina game that often stresses how insignifi
cant the characters are in the grand game of the
Antediluvians and Methuselahs, it can be a te-
freshing ch lifference.

Let every character have her "do-or-die" mo:
ment — the point at which that character must
rise to the challenge of her rivals, or something
similar. Preferably, the character should face some
personal dread — an unbeatable foe, a personal
weakness, a phobia. The character with Courage 2
can rescue the chantry leader who knows the ritual
to ward off the Sabbat's ghouls — if only he can
force himself to enter the burning building where

the leader was being held. Another character has
to face off against the foe from whom she's always
been forced to flee... or her sire, who taught her
everything she knows about vampiric power... or
her mortal lover, now undead and loyal wo the
other side
Oh, and since we're discussing the conv
tions of war rather than horror perse, we'll actually
say something that us tragic White Wolf types
rarely advise: The character — the "protagonist"
— should probably win. Screw the tragedy, and
screw the die rolls. It's just flat out more satisfying
An excellent example is found in The Lord of
the Rings, during the battle of the Pelennor Fields.
All through the series, Tolkien took
make the reader well aware of just how terrifying
the Dark Lord's lieutenant, the Lord of the Nazgul,
was. This monster had dogged the protagonists
from the beginning of the story. Everything about
him, from his black cloak to his burning red eyes to
his poisonous breath to his repulsive pterodactyl
like steed, was designed to convey the creatu
sheer power and evil. His presence on the battle
field sent entire armies routing in panic. And thus,
when humble Merry Brandybuck the hobbit, in
the climax of his personal story, helped in the
ing of the fiend, the impact of the event far
exceeded what it would have been had, say, Aragorn
or Gandalf struck down the Nazgul. Although the
in and of itself, did not win the War of the
oreven significantly turn the tide, it marked
the defining moment of Metty's ciaructer devel-
opment. Atthat moment, regardless of the outcome
of the war itself, Merry had won his own battle:
Ofcourse, thisis Vampire, so you don'thave to
let the characters win without a price. The Pyrthic
victory, in which the heroes win but at a heavy
cost, is as old as the war story itself. Even in the
Norse epics, Thor slays the Midgard serpent at the
end of time — but is in turn struck down by the
creature's venom.
Just how far you can go with a Pyrthic vietory,
‘of course, depends on your players' tastes and
levels. Some players relish the thought of
their doomed Tremere character confronting the
monstrous Inconnu, hurling himself into a magi
cal duel that destroys the character but fatally
weakens the ancient creature and thus turns the
tide of the siege. Other players feel like they've just
been screwed over and put in a no-win situation.

(Gear Four: Stormin Be Torso Conn


e majority of "action" ina
ect physic
involve a direct threat on the battlefield. A char

violence, so
not every

ble alliance with
1 Lupine or completely dive

funds from the
Swiss bank accounts has accomplished as
if not more —as the guy who spends five
points of Willpower to stake the archbishop

ANTAGONISTS

ne war stories feature the ch

eg s Nazis or Turks or bug-people or
other goons. A few even do it well — especially if
ctive look at the
tale. In Vampire
it's probably best to have antago:
guys on the other side of the fence whom
yourplayers' characters can hate with all the depths
of their undead passion.

cters against
y is more of an in
pro

onist than an actual actic
however
nists

As mentioned earlier, it's
design a suitable foe, or at lea

bably be:
lenge, for

cach character. If a players' character is a fence
sitting anarch, let him meet up with a f
broodmate who joined the Sabbat years aj
now seeks to turn the character to the Sabbat

Ifth

ormer

lish order
and stability throughout the chronicle, let her
confront a crazed Malkavian who delights in
ing down everything the character has wrought
ly, these enemies are ones who have al
ready been established in the chronicle, though
it's possible for a
come rip-roal

caus haracter has sought toest

ing the siege itse

ANCESTRAL Fors
In the scheming world of Vampire, an act.
in-your-face siege isa p
at which a lot of pent-up issues finally play then
selves out. And so it's not uncommon for otherwise
uninvolved Kindred to swoop in lil
they see one of their long-time foes weakened and
struggling. If, for example, the Prince of Baltimore
has made a fair number of e

deal. It's the nexus

vultures if

emies over the centu

Mouor Sea

104


ries, and now he's being uprooted by the Sabbat,
all manner of pissed-off vampires — Sabbat, inde-
pendent and otherwise — are likely to show up for
‘piece of the prince

This even applies — especially applies, one
might say — to the characters. If the characters
have an enemy, and theie city is now under siege,
it's a perfect time for that enemy to petition to be
part of the siege, all the better to get a piece of the
characters while they're distracted. This is true
even if the enemy in question is part of the same
sect — most Kindred patiently wait for a foe's
moment of maximum weakness, then show up at
that time to deliver the coup de grace.

Frienpry Fine
Regardless of the circumstances of the siege,
youcan bet that there will be opportunists on both.
sides who are merely there to profiteer on the
misery. Hell, t's how the Giovanni became a clan.
During a siege, vampires come and go, the Tradi-
tions of Domain is loosened, random violence
takes place, and the authorities are too busy watch-
ing for the enemy without to notice all the
chicanery going on within their own ranks.

And chicanery there will be. Any vampire
worth her fangs almost undoubtedly uses the siege
as an opportunity to settle internecine scores or
eliminate rivals within her own coterie, clan or
sect. In a harshly run Camarilla domain, a siege
might be the only chance an ambitious neonate
gets co bump off that reactionary (or delicious)
harpy, or that neighbor with the high-rent do-
main. Assuming the characters aren't the ones
indulging in these practices, somebody other than
the enemy will doubtless be gunning for them at
some point during the siege. After all, most mortal
crimesof violence are committed by personsknown
to the victim. Why should it be any different
among the undead?

Tre Note VILLAIN

In the morally ambiguous (or bankrupt) world
ofthe undead, perhapsthe title "noble antagonist"
is ahetter choice of phrase. In any event, the noble
antagonist is a character — usually a Storyteller
character — on the other side of the siege who is
possessed of virtues valued by the players' charac-
ters. The noble antagonist is typically honorable,
courageous and dutiful — a brilliant soldier who
happens to play for the other team. Sometimes,

the noble antagonist and a character even fall for
each other — witness the erotic attraction be
tween James Bond and Pussy Galore, or even
Batman and Catwoman

Sometimes, the characters and the noble
antagonist can find common ground and re:
solve their differences — generally not, In the
World of Darkness, the characters and the noble
antagonist usually must face off, albeit reluc
tantly, to the death.

Cop-Hearten Revence ann
IcNominious Derear

The flip side of the noble antagonist theme is
the opportunity to knock a bitch-ass punk the fuck
out, piss blood on his pathetic face, and make him
baw! like a little girl. In The Iliad, Achilles didn't
just kill his rival Hector — he stripped his corpse
naked, tied it behind his chariot, dragged it through
the battlefield grime in front of Hector's entire
family, and threw the mutilated body to the dogs.
Powerful stuff — and this sort of "eye for your
entire fucking face" revenge has been the staple of
countless stories thereafter, from comic books to
movies like The Godfather and New Jack City.

While Vampire is not an excuse to indulge in
sadism, even vicariously, we humans havea pr
reaction to this kind of Draconian vengeance
This sort of thing goes on all the time in the world
of the undead, where Jyhad players wait centuries
to pay back their enemies for lifetimes of slights,
When they finally have an opportunity for re
venge, most Kindred aren 't likely tobe too merciful.
The losers ofa siege usually end up as gut-churning
examples for the survivors. In other words, while
cruel and unusual vengeance isn't for everyone,
it'sa very effective tool for those coteries that can
stomach it

Making a character the target of cruel revenge
isnot necessarily recommended — but if you want
the players to hate a rival for the span of the
chronicle, having them be cowed, humiliated and
generally bitch-slapped in public is definitely a
way to instill such loathing. It's also an interesting
exercise to present high-Humanity vampires with
the opportunity to wreak furious vengeance on the
most deserving of foes. Players who would burn
their entire Willpower pools rather than harm an
innocent will sometimes willingly go to surprising
lengths against the captured foe who's been tor-
menting them for the length of the chronicle.

nal

Gum Fou: Stormo Tees Cont

105


THe Doppercaxcen
A particularly fun enemy for Storytellers to
bring out during asiege story is the doppelganger
Storyteller character whose personality,
Traits and g re similar to those of
the player's character, but who owes allegiance
to the other side. The doppelganger, upon dis
covering her "mirror image" in the player's

character, relentlessly seeks to destroy or at
least show up this threat to her superiority

id Johnny

Consider Tombstone's Doc Holli
Ringo by way of example

In a Vampire story, a player's character with
status among the anarchs might find her followers
seduced from her service by a charismatic, street
t Sabbat Pander. The prince's childe might
discover his nemesis in the form of a deadly pala:
din, the second-in-command of the archbishop's
own pack. The Tremere warlock might find herself
targeted by a Tsimicee kaldun who's every bit 2
gifted as (or maybe a little bit more than?) the
character herself

day

Doppelgangers are fun — not only are they
evenly matched against the characters, but their
co-opting of the characters' "specialties" make the
players all the more eager to have their characters
put an end to these miserable rivals.

Tein LK

possible to read mili

any length of

TRAITORS A
Ie is in ry history for
¢ without running across a
ad this is all the more crue
when dealing with the wars of the undead
Vampire chronicles are rife with treachery of
all sorts — not only are the "normal" motiva-
tions there (power, greed, envy), but magical
tools such as the blood bond, Dominate and
Presence offer countless ways to set up all man.
ner of plausible and implausible betrayals.
Particularly in a Vampire chronicle, traitorous
characters might have been lying in wait for cen:
tuties, disguised as upstanding members of the
unde: Or a formerly
loyal sect member might suddenly turn his coat
during a siege itself, seduced by promises of power
or simply disgusted by his own side's actions during
the siege

of treason —

id community in qucstio

Of course, not all treachery is the byproduct of

nemy" action. A classic subgenre of the treach:

mission their superiors know is destined to fail."

This plot has been employed in works ranging
from The Spy Who Came in from the Cold to Rambo:
First Blood Part 2 — because it's a powerful and
effective device. In this sort of story, the charac:
ters spend much of the story trying to accomplish
something that they think is important or crucial,
only to discover that the entire task was in fact a
diversia ecomplish
somethi

in order for someone else to a
i else entirely.

For this theme to work to maximum effective-
ness, of course, the characters must be given an
opportunity to discover their superiors' treachery
and react to it. Otherwise, all che players know is
that their Storyteller sure made things miserable
for chem.

Ifthe characters survive, this device also serves
to change the direction of a chronicle — imagine
the wrath of a coterie or pack that discovers the
prince or bishop to whom they've been toadying
for the entire cli «J who sent them our 00

omplish a really set them up to fail
and be slain. s ght willingly de-
fect to the other side of a sect siege, ot at the very
least ignore the struggle in favor of taking out the
bastard who set them up

'y,of course, this is Vampire. The charac-
themselves might take it on themselves to
callously betray their sect allegiances to takea spot
on the winning side. Not exactly heroic, but then
again, the characters are blood-drinking corpses.
And a band of quislings newly pledged to the
victorious side has plenty to do — not only are
they Public Enemy #1 in their former sect's eyes,
but their new sectmares eye them with distrust
They have plenty of proving to do, and probably
don't enjoy lot of protection from their new allies
in the process.

ter

Types or STORIES

Siege st n involve pitched battles over
ingle night oF epic chronicles going on for
centuries. Here area few examples of how games of
various lengths might be structured.

© One-shot stories typically focus on a particu
Jaraction within a siege. In sucha case, the coterie
has likely been brought together fora specific task
infiltrate the opposing sect, capture Enemy X,

bankrupt Rival Asset Y.

* A longer-term game can involve the running
ofa siege from beginning to end. Characters might

Monacer Sace

106

be the agents provocateur sent into a rival territory
to sow the area for the siege to come. They might
remain there for years, even decades, insinuating
themselves into the rival society, all the while
maintaining contact with their allies on the out
side. Finally, the sicge itself begins to take place,
their place with their
or perhaps they've actually grown ac

and the characters must t
true sect

customed to unlife in their target city

® Finally, a siege can be the event that
culminates or irrevocably changes the dire:

of an existing chronicle. In some cases, a sect
struggle can be the end to a chronicle that
began before the formation of the sects them
selves, as tw:
other in C

lingian ni
the fi
In other cases,

hes now find them.

selves ready fo tle in the New

World

iege may abruptl

the nature of the chronicle — for ex
ample, characters begin the game as Sabbat, get
trapped behind enemy lines during a failed siege
and have to exist as
of the chronicle.

atarkis for the remainder

Gv Fave Srocruns 1Toss o Conc

107



fs
el

oe

NDI:

Nacett

BC HST

But these men can think of nothing but the enemy; they're
like lovers; when they say certain words their beards quiver, theit
eyes listen, and their hands stroke the barrels of ther rifles

Italo Calvino, The Path to the Nest of Spiders

‘This appendix isa collection of odds and ends for
stories about che Camarilla-Sabbacconffict. Included
herein are a few considerations that both $
and playersshould con

tellers
en themselves with (which is
why wedidn'thide them in the Storytelling chapter),

loose guidelines that should serve both players
Storytellers secking to understand the chronol-
ogy of a midnight siege. This app
a few

and
dix also includes
mplates that can serve as a starting point for
Storyteller characters and give players some inkling
of what they can expect to come up against during a
siege. Players should remember
Storyteller is well within his

h, that the
tweak the
ifaplayerdesignsher character
with the sole purpose of whacking a certain tribune
and he proves to be far tougher (or weaker) than the

numbers presented

fer suspected, well, all's fair in war, or so the old
saying goes.

CoMMON GROUND

Pethaps comi
seems strange in

book that details how to portray
both sides of a sectarian conflict, but bear in mind
that you and your players want to have fun. It's the
characters who should handle all the fighting,

intrigue and backstabbing. If you want to gather
with friendsand havea knockdown, drag-out brawl,
you should probably pursue
For a story to work well,
dina

other hobby

ne of the Storytellei
principles should be to let the troupe
know beforehand the style of play that the chronicle
will encourage. Just as peuple feel misled if chey go

Amen Ti Wha Gest

10


tose a movie because of an action-packed preview
that curns out to be a slow-moving love story, s0,
00, will players feel misled if the Storyteller says,
"It's all-out war with the Sabbat!" and proceeds to
run a brooding chronicle colored with treachery
and intrigue.

Asa word of warning here, don't think we're
telling you how to run or play your stories. You paid
your money for Vampire material, and you'd damn
well better believe that you can use it as you wish.
When we design Vampire books, we have certain
themes and ideas in mind, but we're hardly going t
force you to use them. Especially with something so
broad as the conflict between the sects, every
Storyteller and player has her own desires for the
chronicle, and the wise troupe prepares for that
situation.

What is important, however, is to make sure
that the troupe has fun. Avoiding that initial
a thing is important in any chronicle, but it's
especially critical ina story in which the conflict is

so plainly stated. This isn't necessarily going to be
asoul-searching probe through the characters' psy-
ches to find out who among them is
is going to be a straightforward cl
and the blood may run in the streets. (Then again,
pethaps your story has its own subconflicts, with

traitor; this

sh of ideologies,

traitors in th
the powers th

st of the characters' coterie and
t be waiting until the last possible
Well, hell;
power to you. Such paranoia is Vampire's stock in
trade.) Before you gather for your first session

maybe even before you have the players create
their characters — let them know what to expect
A character designed to wither under the loss of
Humanity he experiences in deadly combat is out
of place in a heavily diplomatic chronicle, and a
character designed with smooth-talking diplomacy
in mind has little co do in a chronicle that requires
the cl rs to be bold scouts sneaking into a
Sabhat city to tect the Black Hand's strength.

moment to choose their sid nore

Tue NATURE OF THE CONFLICT

One of the most important items to conside
mentioned in examples above, is the type of con-
flict the chronicle will focus upon. Is combat the
most common form of conflict? If so, the players
will — rightly t to create characters who
excel at physical violence. Is combat a common

threat, but one chat the characters will want to
avoid? This provides a refreshing wwist on the
combat story, but be warned that it requires a
clever Storyteller. Running forever from threats is
entertaining for only so long, and the story grows
stale if such a situation never resolves itself. If it
does resolve itself, and does so with the massacre of
the players' characters, the troupe will feel that the
story had no mea that their characters
died with no dramatic payoff. Is the physical con
flict merely a backdrop for the high politics of the
ovo sects? If so, characters will probably create
more social or cerebral characters, with the odd
physical terror or two to highlight their capacity
for scrious damage

Obviously, there's no such thing as a right
answer to a question like this. Some fantastic
stories may be cold with physical brutality at the
core of the story. Other stori
seamlessly, using physical violence (or the threat
of physical violence) to underpin the horror of the
setting while resolving the conflict itself with wit
and panache in the velvet-draped halls of Elysium.

What is important, though, ismaking this clear

hand. Players who design inappropriate char-
acters will feel cheated, or grow bored, or possibly
become problem players. Storytellers who claim
one style of play but actually tend toward another
carn the resentment of their troupes and probably
find themselves without players.

Talk tt out with the troupe. Stick with the
decision. Feel free to alter the flow of the conflict
abithereand there forflavor, butdon'tmislead the
group. This advice goes for players, too! Players, if
your normally cool and sedate fixer character has
suddenly had enough and snaps, that's great
explore the cost to her morality and let it show that
these Kindred are real personalities, and that ev-
eryone has her limits. The same word of warning

to you as well as Storytellers, though — don't

one type of character and play him as an.

Not vnly will che character fail to come to

fe, you'll be cheating yourself out of the opportu-
nity to evoke a believable character

A rare few exceptions to this last warning do
exist. Certain characters may legitimately have
gone heyond the pale and make for great doomed
characters — so long as the player understands the
character's terminal nature — who burn out in a
blaze of violent glory. The other side of the coin

ey a

may blend the three

Mowor Sece

110


features hardened combat veterans who have sim:
ply seen enough pain and misery to sate them for
eternity. If players can overcome the urge to play
these characters as preachy, they can make very
compelling protagonists cursed with tragic histo:
ries. As always, the onus is on the player to make
the character believable, but the best Storytellers
never forbid any concept out of hand. If you trust
the player, great; ifnot, she may need tobe encour-
aged to play another concept.

THe Tone or tHe ConrLict

Once you've decided what form the confice will
take, your next step isto decide how it will be handled.

Roleplaying and storytelling games grew out of
war games, and many of them reflect their roots
with the prevalence of the combat that occurs
within them. Even so, the style of combat that
‘occurs is just as important as how it contributes to
the chronicle. Action is not necessarily a bad
thing. even though actual physical combat is as-
sumed to be rare in a Vampire context. Some
troupes prefer highly cinematic combat situations,
while others prefer more realistic combat and still
others prefer to resolve the coniliet in the cham-
bers of those who would never sully their fists with
something so base as a brawl

We're just writers and designers; you don't
have to listen to us. Just because we want Vampire
to be a sublime game of subtlety, polities, paran
and horror doesn't mean you can't play the
the context you enjoy best. If karana
flamethrowing, Discipline ninjitsu in the streets
that results in entire SWAT teams being torn to
shreds is your taste, have at it. The systems don't
work really well for it, but the genre can, and hey,
you like what you like.

The position taken by most of this book is that
of the "secret war" which takes place among decid-
edly unvampiric elements of real-world cities every
night. Gang war, ethnic hostility, national strife
any of these can work as a model for the invisible
conflict thar characterizes the clash of the undead
Not that we're condoning this sort of violence, but
so long as you confine it to the story and don't
prowl the alleys of your fair town as some sort of
self-avowed undead warrior, it's nothing more than
words in the air

To that end, the violence in a chronicle can
become savage and horrible, rather than f

tastical

and commonplace. Consider a war story — but not
in the context of a comic book or a John Woo
movie. Think instead of the shock and horror a
CNN war correspondent's footage elicits, or of the
sorrow and loss evoked by the Omaha Beach scene
in Saving Private Ryan, in which valiant soldiers
hold their spilling guts with their hands or trudge
onward after having gobbets of their flesh torn
away by shrapnel. In this sense, the violence be
‘comes itself part of the horror. Ir'snoteven "splatter"
at this point, unless you start to use such violence
asa cheap shock tactic — it's the terrible truth of
aphysical threat made real, a painful consequence
of being on the "wrong side," whatever that means
in your chronicle. This is the "default" value of

violence in Vampire; itthrills for the sake of action
the aftermath. In the hands of a
skilled Storyteller, one who watches those Human.
ity, Self-Control and Conscience Traits, it also
serves to reinforce the core themes of morality and
the Beast.

Another option is to cast the violence in a

and it horrifies i

faraway and almost inconsequential light, This is a
wise choice for stories featuring jaded elders ot
stories that focus on what the conflict means or the
backroom politics involved rather than the cost in
lives and unlives of the war itself. In
characters may never see violence, at least first:
hand. Final Death is little more than an entry on a
tribune's ledger or a footnote in a bitter Black
Hand dominion's request for more aid. As Josef
Stalin said, "One death ts a tragedy. A million
deaths isa statistic." This is another fine venue by
which co illustrate degrading humanitas, elder en:
nui and the sacrifice of compassion for other goals

Asa word of warning to Storytellers, itis very
difficult to evoke horror on this level, at least in a
conventional sense. With death ubiquitous and
the body counts of each side rising, the characters
grow fa

ar with death and even contemptuous
of it. A story that regards violence and casualty so,

well, casually needs to finds its horror focus some:
where else and cling to it. To do anything less

negates the theme of the game and takes nihilism
to new depths of tastelessness (which may well be
the point with such cynical Kindred).

MartersorConscouence
Hand in hand with the ma
comes the question of what happ

of violence
ns afterward.

Anwox Tie War Gest


This isn't "what happens afterward" in terms of
healing the characters back to their full comple-
ments of health levels, but rather the less tangible
results of violence.

Quite simply, violence is legally and ethically
wrong in most placeson earth. Sure, your character
may have nine dots in his Beat the Crap Out of
Everything dice pool, but when the police respond
toa public disturbance call and find your character
and his 9-iron spattered with sticky crimson, he'd
better be prepared to face the music.

In a game that acknowledges any level of mo-
rality at all, consequence should always follow
action, While it's perfectly acceptable for a charac-
ter to overlook the outcome of her behavior, itonly
works to the detriment of the story if the
teller overlooks it

tory

Thishasall been said before, and repeating it at
length only helabors the issue. The Vampire Sto-
‘tellers Handbook regards the issue as the Law of
Common Sense. In a nutshell, it's the Storyteller's
job to apply any consequences that may occur from
a character's actions justly but firmly. Characters
who kill wantonly go to jail. Characters who rou-
tinely burn havens go to jail. Characters who run
away from police go to jail. Jail is bad for vampires
Inachronicle, however, the Storyteller musttake
pains co apply consequences across the board, not just
with regard co violence. Social snubbing, especially of
nites, isa fantastic way to earn rivalries, and
al is the dux bellorum, you're probably
screwed. Likewise, failing to observe vitae, ignoring
prestation, embarrassing the Trem any breach
of custom, whether Kindred or mortal — has conse
quences. There's nothing wrong with that. Indeed,
some Kindred have made names for themselves by
flouting tradition, and it's the coin of the anarch
realm. Those individuals, though, have accepted the
and survived them. They can make
compelling characters if they're willing to suffer
Spoiled characters who never want to face adversity
for their own antics, though, ate rarely compelling.
Storytellers, it is your responsibility to. never
waver when considering and applying consequences.
Ignore them only when it would hurt che story otherwise.
Even in this, you must weigh your options. Sure, it
‘may harm the story if the truculent Gangrel smuggler
is staked and left to meet the sunrise, but it hurts the
story more if he's allowed to ignore and abuse mighty

other C
when your

elders, whose personal gravity provides sense of duty
to the rest of the coterie. The old maxim, "Don't let
them get away with murder" applies here, even if
murder isn't the issue. If a character says or does
anything untoward thar might yield him the least bit
of negative attention or repercussion, make note of it
(atthe very least) and apply it when itservesthe story

THe CHRONOLOGY OF
ConrFLict

Below are four timelines detailing the progres-
sion of offense and defense for both the Camatilla
and the Sabbat during times of siege. Please note
that these are tendencies, not battle plans. Neither
sect runs all of its combat by a universal playbook
The chronology is likewise loose; a Sabbat scout
pack might decide to stage a mock assassination
before the decision is made to invade a city. just 10
test the waters. However, the information pre-
sented here should give the Storyteller some idea of
what the sects do when preparing to take over a
city, of in defense of a domain.

THe CAMARILLA

Orrense

The temptation isto compare the Sabbat to roaches
— breed quickly, can't ever seem to kill the last one,
not too bright but good survivors, and so on. And so
you think you can go in. guns blazing. and eliminate
them all. Good luck.

Nat Grayson, Tremere assassin-for-hire

Hanlly the sect's default state, the Camarilla is
much more effective defending territory than ac
quiring new turf. It does, however, act instead of
reacting at times (as evidenced when it recently
took New York from the Sabbat). When it does,
the progression goes something like this.

Planning

* Decisions: The final decision to "move" on
a contested city can take years. Camurilla elders
may wish co wait until a certain mayor is out of
office, but not wish to tip their hand by dispos
of him. Time eventually puts new leaders in power,
‘one way or another. Likewise, certain events pro:

vide cover or advantage — a festival or a city's

bicentennial may change the city's routine for a
few nights long enough for the sect to make its
opening gambit

(Moncos See


* Favors: The currency of the Camarilla is
debe. When the sect decides to go war, the leaders
of the effort call in any favors that might be owed
them, making use of allies' resources, personnel,
Disciplines, knowledge and whatever else might be
useful. Beyond the obvious advantages that the
indebted may be able to offer, the leaders can
employ resources that they may or may not have at
no real expense to themselves. During the plan-
ning stages, the elders in charge may also promise
boons and status to any who stand with them in
battle (or, more likely, represent them in battle)

* Secure the surrounding area: It doesn't do
any good to destroy the Sabbat in Detroit if the rest
of Michigan brims with hungry Cainites. Before
staginga takeover, the Camarilla makes sure that it
has the support, at least to some degree, of sur-
rounding cities.

* Buy the independents: Not all vampires be-
long to the Camarilla or the Sabbat. However, the
vast majority of such Kindred are self-interested
enough that they can be bought, at least enough to
stay out of the Car 's way. The Sabbat does not
command the material resources that the Camarilla
does, nor i it as willing to do favors in exchange for
cooperation. If a Sabbat-dominated city happens to
have a strong Giovanni presence, the Camarilla will
definitely uy to make sure that the Necromancers
aren't running guns or information to the Sabbat
during the coming conflict.

Opening Moves

* Politics: The local police may find levies
passed or donations made so that more officers can
be on duty at any given time. Homeless shelters
may find that funding is suddenly available for
more beds, which means fewer bodies on the streets
at night for the Sabbat to feed from or Embrace
The Camarilla can make unlife difficult for the
Sabbat in any number of ways by subtly affecting
social policy.

* Rumors: The vampires of the Sabbat believe
insilly things like "Antediluvians" and "Gehenna,"
and watch dutifully for signs that the end may be
near. The Camarilla is more than capable of manu:
facturing such signs. The rumor of amystical artifact
or a powerful elder sleeping "just outside of town"
may not fool the elders of the Sword of Caine, but
it's probably enough to get younger Cainites inter:
ested — and distracted. It's also a testament to
Sabbat vanity: Even ifsuch thingsas Antediluvians

existed, why would they care about New York City?
Certainly their plans would be far too grand for
such perty concerns over real estate...

Attacks

* Assassinations: Random violence is not the
favored tool of the Camarilla. After all, they want
the city to remain standing until the conflict is
over. But the Sabbat is very dependent on ritual,
and the Camarilla can exploit this by identifying
and excising the priests and other local leaders.
The Camarilla is usually careful to wait on this
tactic until after the Sabbat is busy chasing ph
tom elders or dealing with mortal concerns. It's
difficult, after all, to make a vampir
like an accident, so by ordering a murder, the
Camarilla tips its hand.

* Foreclosures: The wrecking balls descend
‘on communal havens — by day, of course. The
cleanup crews typically include atleast afew ghouls
or Dominated mortals who won't panic (or take
pictures) at the sight of burning Cainites, The
Camarilla tries to make sure that destruction of

jemise look

such buildings is legal — arson and terrorism invite
federal scrutiny that the sect doesn't need
* Soldiers: The Camarilla does not have the
guerrilla disposition that the Sabbat does (deliber:
ately). Sabbat vampires are all warriors @ some
degree. Therefore, any actual foot soldiers sent in
to hostile territory will: a) travel in groups, b) be
accomplished warriors themselves, c) usually in-
clude someone proficient enough at Thaumaturgy
to scare opponents, as the Sabbat have little access
to such mysticism, and d) always have escape routes,
arilla "warparties" rarely golooking fortrouble
Instead, they try to isolate Sabbat packs and elimi
nate the members. They only rarely try to find or
destroy elder Sabbat, for reasons discussed below
Endgame
* Close Escape Routes: One of the reasons that
the Camarilla

rakes pains to gamer the support of
surrounding cities is that refugee Sabbat will flee to
those cities if the sect is successfully ousted. The

attacking Camarilla parties place sentries and depu
tiesin these cities, be
own scourges

ranks of those cities'
id sheriffs until the refugee area is
deemed safe (which often takes years)

* Deals: The Camarilla doesn't usually target
elder Sabbat, expecting that the elders will behave.
like elders. Thi

olstering th

is, the Cam

‘Arooo: Tac War Gest

13 |


will make dealsor flee inorder to save their own hides.
This soften true. Afterall, aSabbat bishop who loses
acity tothe Camarilla isn't making any alliesand may
well face retribution from his sect. The Camatilla,
likewise, recognizes both the difficulty in finding and
destroying elders of any sect and the value of trading
secrets for anonymity.

© Leaders: The question of who will be prince
(and primogen. and so forth) of the newly claimed
domain has hopefully been resolved long before
the attack ever began. While a certain amount of
politicking is inevitable, the prince, at least, must
be firmly determined before the first shot is fired.
Any bit of hesitation or infighting is an opportu-
nity for the Sabbat. Of all considerations, though,
this one is the most often ignored, as the sect is
loathe to fill society's rosters if the society has yet
to exist

* Preparation: The Camarilla does not expect

Sabbat to give up easily. Once the prince

and has chosen his supporters and officers,

his first act is usually to declare a moratorium on
creating progeny and on visiting Kindred. The
Kindred of the new Camarilla city want to know
every other vampire in the area before accepting
new ones, Naturally, the Sabbat sends spies and
terrorists, and may well mount a countersiege (©
reclaim its city. The Camarilla does not wish to be
complacent and lazy in defending its new prize.

Derense

If you sce someone you don'e know, you shout
them. Now how hard is that?

— Bucho, Desperado

Whether defending against an invasion or try-
ing to hold recently acquired territory, the
Camarilla's natural state is defense. A Camarilla
city under siege usually responds as follows:

‘The First Sign of Trouble

+ Head Count: The prince and his officers take
1 quick census of the city's Kindred. Independent
clans in the area are required to make full disclosure
of their operatives (whether or not they actually do so
is another matter). Any Kindred who has been in
town for a short time (ie, less than a decade) is
brought before the prince (or at least che sheriff) and
"interviewed."

* Warn the authorities: The Camarilla warns any
‘member of the mortal authorities that has ties tothe sect
that hod timesare coming. Thisisrarely (ifever)aphone

call from the prince's lieutenant stating "Expect a lot of
bloody, vampire-related violence soon." Instead, the
local police might have special seminars on occult
crime, oron the effects of certain drugs that might make
criminals stronger and more violent.

* Preserve the Traditions: Obviously, the
Masquerade is of the greatest importance, espe
cially since the Sabbat typically makes a point of
breaking it during sieges. The prince ofa city unde:
siege often offers rewards to Kindred who report
breaches of the Masquerade and inter
ments of the First Tradi , the Second,
Third and Fifth Traditions are also enforced more
strictly than usual. Creating progeny during
of war is a Sabbat tactic, and even
permission to create a childe as such a time
to provoke questions.

+ Keep the young in line Ghouls, fledglings
and neonates — any of them can possess just
enough information to be dangerous. If
that his young childe has not learned

likely

nough to

conduct herself well during conflict, he may well

send her away (or, if he's especially paranoid, stake
her and hide her somewhere) until the danger has
passed. Some sires Dominate their childer and
ghouls to prime them with false memories, but
since the two staple clans of the Sabbat, the
Lasombra and the Tzimisce, both practice the Dis-
cipline regularly, this is rarely foolproof. The only
true way to stop the young from accidentally re-
vealing something is to silence them permancntly,
and in the cases of expendable ghouls, this is
sometimes done. Even then, the Sabbat seems to
have some way co contact the dead, so even the
ultimate step is not without risk.

Combating the Enemy

* Supply lines: Since Camarilla Kindred don't
kill cheir vessels as often as their Sabhat counterparts
do, the Camarilla must be very careful to maintain its
herd during a siege. Afterall, i's impossible to keep
the Sabbat away from people entirely, so the enemy is
alwayo able to feed. The rilla
Kindred, however, develop new feeding habits during
crises: not hunting in the same place twice, taking
victims from various social circles and so on. For
Ventrue, this can be especially problematic, but such,
is the sacrifice a good leader must make.

* Misdirection: The prince is a prominent
figure in any city indred
are required to present themselves, hiding the

;,and since most visiting

Moran Sece

14


prince's identity is futile and counterproductive.
Bur during a siege, che prince often takes

appear weak where she isstrongest (and vice v

and rodistance herself from her most able s

ets, for their own sakes. If the Sabbat doesn't
target as worth striking, they focu:

ters, leavingthe prince's most powerful allies intact
(an example of this tactic can be found in the
opening fiction in Guide to the Camarilla),

* Lightning rods: While dire
away from the true powers of the city, the Camarilla
draws out its enemies. The prince may allow the
sheriff the "deputize" young, but capable, Kindred
who can think for themselves but are still green
enough to think that being singled out is an honor.
The sheriff may teach the young cote
plines, equip ic wich weapa
and combat. Of course, the Kindred likely suff
when the seasoned warriors of the Sabbat find
them, bur they can hold their own against mass
Embraced shock troops. Kindred who survive this
treatment are indeed accorded respect when the
dust clears

Counterattack

* Sabbat supply lines: Since Sabbat vampires
may feed on anyone within reach, cutting off thei
blood supply isn't easy. However, a Camarilla vam-
pire with tiesto the underworld can often keep tabs
on the weapons trade in the city, and this may
allow the Camarilla tostop the Sabbat from getting
their hands on good equipment

* Stop the mass Embrace: The prince and the

1 instruct all of the city's Kindred (espe-

y young "<leputies") to report any sign of a mass
Embrace immediately. If the Cam:
and stop such an occurrence, the Sabbat suffers a
major setback

* Use the Elysium: The Sabbat assumes that
the hidebound Camarilla would sooner meet Final
Death than risk damaging an Elysium. They are
wrong, of course. The known areas of Elysiu
the city undergo security upgrades and always have
guards on duty during a cc the Sabbat

often attacks such places, it makes sense to focus
the battle where it will be most efficacious.
Aftermath

* Pursue the enemy: Allowing the enemy to
enables a

e Disci-

retre me of guerrilla warfare that few

princes wish to play. Instead, they blood

declare

hunts on the invaders and urge princes of nearby
cities ro do the same. By driving the Sabbat as far
away as possible, the prince ensures that it won't be
back in a week, trying again.

* Convert the enemy: A prominent Sabbat
Cainite, proudly serving at the prince's side, does
wonders to weaken the resolve of his former com-
rades. This is difficult to arrai
and persuasion can turn a vampire's loyalties if
she's sensible enough to read the writing on the
wall. Naturally, she
emies, but if those enemies aren't capable of
protecting their own interests in the first place

* Preparation: The same steps undertaken
the end of a successful Camarilla siege are taken
the end of an unsuccessful Sabbat siege. Suppres
sion of visitors and progeny, strict enforcement of
the Masquerade and so forth all occur —one never
knows if an attempted siege was a true grab for

but simple time

arns some very bitter en-

power or merely a feint.
THe SABBAT

Orrens

The very saints interest us most when we think of
them as engaged in a conflict with the Devil

Robert Lynd, The Blue Lion

The Sword of Caine is always thirsty for battle
and new domain. When the Sabbat goes to war, the
battle might progress (from its perspective) like this.

Planning

‘+ Fast action: The Sabbat rarcly allows cnough
time for rumors of a coming invasion to leak to
Camarilla ears; a siege is planned and begun in a
matter of weeks.

* Movers and shakers: The Sabbat likes to
know who the powerful players in the target city
are. The prince and primogen are obvious targets,
but the sheriff, scourge, harpies and any other
prominent or well-respected {
selves in the crosshairs when the bs

re finds chem:
le begins

* Intelligence: Often, a Sabbat operative who

can hide what she is (usually a follower of the Path

of Power and the Inner Voice or the P;

Feral Heart, occasionally a C:

ath of the
nite who mai
her Humanity) is sent into Camarilla territ
watch the Kindred. She may make "friend:
behave like the "Kindred" of the city. But when the
revolution comes, she is expected to fight with the

Arroore Ti Was Cast

45, |


Opening Moves
* Destroy or replace the Nosferatu: "The first
to die in any Jyhad are the Nosferatu," states the
Book of Nod. The reason for this is simple tactics,
namely, crippling the enemy's information system.
The fact that most Nosferatu habitually frequent
the Barrens (or are otherwise loath to call for aid
dedicated war
a city's Sewer Rat population in
‘4 matter of nights if the Nosferatu are caught
unaware, The fact that a Sabbat Nosferatu and a
Camarilla Nosferatu are virtually indistinguish-
able also helps matters for the Sword of Caine,

* Propaganda: Rumors about the fate of the
prince' and friends begin to circulate.

n elder or officer of the city
has committed comes to light again. The Sabbat
exposes the tyranny and hypocrisy of the Camarilla
for any Lick willing to listen (or not). The Sabbat
convince Kindred who would otherwise stay and
fight to flee when the real conflict begins.

* Methodical chaos: Gruesome, beyond-the-
pale, just slightly supernatural murders may crop
up weekly. Cars burn in the parking lot of the
Elysium. Gang violence explodes for a weekend.
The Sabbat rarely targets vampires at this stage —
it's testing the prince's power. The invaders note
how quickly the Camarilla responds, and how ef-

fectively, By gauging where the prince is weakest,
they know where to strike. Likewise, by attacking

places or people that hold special, personal signifi-
cance to the prince, the Sabbar drives his Beast
closer to the suf

from the other clans) means tha

-¢ and makes him prone to snap
its and mistakes.

* Mass Embrace: This infamous tactic is some-
times the first real proof of a Sabbat presence in a
city. By then, it may be too late for the Camarilla
to mount a defense, Most shovelheads are not
expected to survive the war, but they make fine
shock troops

* Break the Masquerade: While out-and-out

breaches of the First Tradition are frowned upon by

the Sabbat, earning the attention of the local
olice (and press) stirs up trouble for both Camarilla
id Sabbat. By drawing hunters to the city, the
ibbat encourages some of the less loyal (but more
self-interested) Kindred to leave. Likewise, if the

police are looking for a "vampire-inspired serial

killer," they might well connect the case with any
past indiscretions that Camanila Cainites have
committed in the area

* Mock assassination: Ifa vampire maintains.
mortal fagade, the Sabbat can end it with a few
gunshotsand a.all to the police. Ifacrowd of people
sees someone shot multiple times, fall down, be
pronounced dead by a medic and taken away in an
ambulance, that person had best not be secn walking
around again the next night. This tactic not only
cdemolishes a vampire's influence or fame (as well as
reducing or destroying the appropriate Backgrounds),
it renders him helpless for a short time. Atleast one
Sabbat pack has hijacked an ambulance and conve-
niently been in the area moments after the shots

rang out. See Chapter Two for more examples of
these tactics.

+ The Sabbat encourages conver

cals. For the most part,

Sabbat Cainites slay any Camarilla Kindred they

discover, sack the prince's haven and keep prison:

ers only long enough to determine if they would

make willing Cainites. Elders or ancillae rarely

survive successful sieges without fleeing, if for no

other reason than young Sabbat wish to feed on
their potent blood.

* Ritae: The rituals of the Sabbat take on
special importance after a siege. A Blood Feast acts
as acelebration; the Vaulderie cements the loyalty
of new recruits. Sermons of Caine show the priest
who knows their rhetoric and who doesn't — and
those who don't may not be Sabbat at all

* Power vacuum: While the Sabbat as a whole
paints itself as being "above" the mortal world, the
hard fact of unlife is that mortals rule the world
Having power within their institutions is of great
benefit. The masters of the Sabbat, the Lasombra and
the Tzimisce, have covertly ridden the wave of mortal
climes for centuries. So, when a prince is deposed

(and probably summarily diablerized), the eklers of
the Sabbar set co taking over his former interests. A

siege in which the mortal power structure remains
attracts less retribution from other Camarilla
cities, not to mention from mortal hunters
Derexse
War does not determine who is right, only who is et
— Bertrand Russell
bat isn't often on the defensive. The
takes years to mount an attack, after all


But when the Sabbat finds itself besieged, things
may progress this way.

At the First Sign of Trouble

* Embrace fodder: If the Camarilla is busy
dealing with slavering hordes of fledglings, it prob-
ably won't see the stronger troops sneaking around
its back. The fact that the Sabbat is on home turf
makes this easier, as they know locations to con-
duet mass Embraces that won't attract attention

* Rhetoric: The priests and bishops indoctri-
nate the younger Sabbar very thoroughly with talk
of "duty co the Sabbat," "fighting to keep our
havens" and, if necessary, "taking the enemy with
us." Liberal use of the Vaulderie, perhaps the dis-
covery and execution of the traitor (a scene along
the lines of the brutal "confession" found in George
Orwell's Animal Farm would not be out of place
here), and stories and examples of valor in the
Sermons of Caine all serve to motivate the sect's
warriors to stay and fight

* Chaos tactics: A raging gang war breaks out.
‘The mortal sheriff-elect is assassinated in his own
car, parked in his own driveway. A major historical
landmark burns to the ground. The Sabbat isn't
above amputating a finger to save the arm, 30 to
speak. Anything "old guard" that the Camarilla
might use to its advantage is fair game for destruc-
tion, if by destroying it the Sabbat can throw its
attacking enemies off guard or demoralize them.

Combating the Enemy

+ Fighting in the streets: The Sabbat is usually
superior in outright combat to the Camarilla, espe-
cially on familiar turf. When the Sabbat must
defend said turf, it prefers to do it on its own terms
— that is, brutal combat. Sabbat Cainites try to
lure Camarilla coteries into ambushes, trap desper-
ate Kindred away from their havens and disappear
before the police show up.

* Elders disappear: Never lec it be said chat the
Sabbat is composed of fanatically loyal thugs who
would give their unlives for the cause. This is some-
what accurate when discussing Sabbat neonates, bu
few elders of the sect have the desire meet Final
Death, noble or otherwise. Said elders go to ground
when the fighting becomes intense, communicating
with their underlings through trusted emissaries or
even less traceable means.

* Suicide tactics: As mentioned
Sabbar is quite willing to make sacrifi

hove, the
Whether

it's a predawn run that leaves all parties involved

scrambling for cover as the sun creeps up of a

psychopathic Cainite wired with explosives leap

ing into the fray, the unlife of one warrior is quite

worth the ongoing victory of the Sword of Caine
Counterattack

* Weathering the storm: For the most part
the Sabbat does not strike back at the Camarilla
the intelligence-gatheringabilities of the Camarilla,
it rarely has enough information to make good use
of counterstrike tactics while defending a city. The
Sabbat would rather repel attacks, build strength
and contemplate revenge later.
iege tactics: Not to say, of course, that the
Sword of Caine sits idly by while the pawns of the
Antediluvians attack them! Several of the same
tactics discussed under Offense, above, work well
for the Sabbat as defensive stratagems, too.
= Call toarms: Since Sabi ites Embrace
quently in times of war, cities that have been
pbat strongholds for many years tend to have
more vampires than they can easily support. In
times of need, a besieged Sabbat city puts in a call
to other

abbat cities, requesting troops. The
chance for bloodshed and diablerie means that
they rarely have trouble finding help.

Aftermath

* Bulwark: After repelling an attack, the
Sabbat does not pursue survi
ies, It hnows that dividing forces wo much
a window through which another invading fo
might slip. Instead, the Sabbat looks for ways to
tighten security in its city

* Figurehead victory: The elders emerge, with
the head of a great foe or some other trophy, and
talk of how they couldn't join theit broth
ers on the frontlines because they were thwarting
the real danger from behind the scenes. This is
typically accompanied by various celebratory vitae
and se

ors beyond city

soldie:

tangible proof of the battle won.
* Escape Routes: If things do not go well and
the Sabbatiis ousted, the elders and the more canny

neonates fall back on prearranged pl

ns to leave
the city. Often, they scatter to other Sabbat or
contested cities and use the Sabbat's defeat at the
hands of the Camarilla to bolster courage and fury
in their compatriots, the better to begin a siege to
retake the city. And it begins again.

Aone Tie Waa Cas

7


Temp.Late
CHARACTERS

The following characters are inch das guide-
ines for Storytellers and players. Some of these
archetypes have appeared in different incarnations
in other books, but the
doesn't always mean they're tougher in combat

Storytellers f
suit your chronic!

pretations of them
uations. That

c to adapt these characters to
You should resist the urge to
"throw a templar" at the coterie, but should you find
yourself in immediate need of a character type, these
should work effectively. You may wish to alter Trait
scores to reflect the strength or weakness of the
Also, because players are sneaky sons of
bitches, you might want to adjust the scores here tc
keep them on theirtoes in case they've read this book.

Players, we've said throughout this book that
tumaboutis fair play. Go ahead and read these, but
always remember three things. First, don't read
these with the intent to build a character to beat
as guides to what abilities
work in the context of a siege. Second, know that

them; use them i

your Storyteller has license to adjust the informa-
tion as presented. Vampire is a horror game, an.
much of that horror comes from facing the un:
known. If you look at these characters as simple
eading this tolean how
ig # grave disservice to
to the Storyteller's efforts. Third, if
nd of stink-o secret-reading cheater
who does this sort of thing regularly, you

foestobeslain, and you're
to defeat them, you'te

the genre a
you are the

teller probably knows it and suspects you of
he's going to be comir
Good luck

after you wi

CAMARILLA TEMPLATES,

When it comes to the
Camarill

ly necessary to react otherwise, the

seen takes a conservative role: Unies

ness as normal, trusting in its own
ower structures and webs of

bbat incursion. More often than not, the

illa names wartime officers, only to tread water

and allow the Black Hand to tear itself apart. In times

when the is prodded toaction, though, itis

an implacable foe. In addition to its ties to the mortal

‘amarill

world, the Camarilla has an unparalleled willingness
to suffer in order to exhaust the opposition.
On the offensive, the C
alth over brutality
stages. Once

marilla tends to favor
at least in the initial
e sect ha: ly wound its

ss little
ranks of

success
roots into a city's infrastructure,
effort in rooting out opposition. From 1
these Kindred warriors come the diligent sec
sheriffsand councilors; after all, what better way to
prove oneself to the primogen-to-be tha
crucible of war? Note that the te
work equally as well on the offensive as they dc
when defending

plates below

Tripune
Background: The tribune is the Camarilla's her-
ald of conflict. He makes formal declarations of war,
moderates councils with elders and primogen, and
en with Kin.
don the "right" side of the siege. Although not
every prince (or dux bellorum, see below) appoints a

keeps channels of communicatior

tribune, they do appear more often than not. Indeed,
the office isalmost neverneglected in the Old World,

gh a New World prince may choose not to
bother. Most often, tribunes are ancillae who look at
the role more asan opportunity than a grudging duty

Image: Much ofthe tribune's work is social, and he
looks the part. Immaculate grooming, a fine wardrobe
and serious demeanor all combine to make others take
the tribune's words seriously. He exudes an aura of
importance and formality that s
advice is tantamount to joining

sts not heeding his
abbat


u have be:
and nothing will

Roleplaying Hints: Y
srave responsibility

n
fromseeing it through. Itisa great s

ified roady
nence to fighting rather

ally
thers wil a

others see you as while ¢
would rather cor
listening to some Lick in a suit's call
your office is important, and the

that before the siege

h 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina
arisma4, Mar

Physical: Stren

lation 4, Appeara

en a

you
others
than
Sul.

n 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Empat
4, Grace 2, Intimidation 2, Leadersh
2, Subterfuge 4
Crafts 2, Drive 1
e 1, Performance

ealth L
+ Academics Bure
Camarilla Lore 1, €

gation 3, Linguistics 1,

mputer 2, Finance 2,

slitics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Ce
Presence 4
Backgrounds: Alli
1, Mentor 2, Resoun

ty 2, Domin:
Fortitude 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-€
Morality: H
Willpower: 6

SeROEANT-AT-ARMS
Backgra

is simply a martial

In some ways, the sergeant-at
I tribune
ibune. The sergeant's duties a
same as the tribune's, though the se
P

princes hesitate to name sergeants-at-it

: and a prince may ap
one instead of a
antoften
itself

s be

‘tin the physical conflicts of the sie;

doing so tends to pe
Kindred

sheriffs and sergeants tends to
er short the co

e remaining Can
the prince's domain, with its sc
mble a june
ict lasts. Still, in some

a sergeant-at-arms is just what the
need to prod them into action (sometim

pain of Final Death). Like the cribunes, serge:

often ancillae, tho

positio

point mu

neonates to th sof desperate

Im: he sergeant has a commanding

Contacts 2, Herd I, Influence

ntrol 3, Courage 3

hip 3,

ribune's res
halls of
ty te

-ct stems from his connection to the

wer, the sergeant's

mes from his capac

liver decisive violence

Roleplaying Hints: Might makes right, and that's

esti just what the prince told

ou to let everyone know, If
they're not for you, they're against you, and if they're
rc gainst you, i'stime tokickass, A city threatened by the
Sabhat doesn't have any place for fence-sitting
tunists. It's your job to galvar
outside threat, whether they rec
Clan:
Natur
Demeanor: Judge
Oth
ngth 4, Dexterity 4, Sta
2, Manipulation 2,
Mental: Perception 3, Inte

sppor.
the Kindred against the
Ventrue

Generatior
Physical: Str

Social: Charis:

ppoin ppearance2

igence 2, Wits 4
3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,

takes
Mos

Talents: Alertn:
Empathy 1, Intimidation 4, Leak
Skills: Crafts 3, Dr
Security 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3

s 3, Melee 4,

Streetwise 3

¢ 3, Fire
parilla

how

Knowledges: Academics I, Camarilla Lore 1, Com

itude 4,

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Dominate 3, Fo
Potence 3, Presence 2
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Herd 1, Mentor 2, Resources 3,

Retainers 1, Status 1

ts are
uleiple
need. Virtues: Conscience 2,
Moralit

Willpower: 6

Self-Control 3, Courage 5
pres. Humanity 5

Aron: Tre Win Ges
119


Dux Bettonum

Background: The dux bellorum is the "com:
mander in chief" or m
This is most often the prince,

es, the Camarilla may send one of
ts high-ranking members to overrule th

+ of wartime ceremonies
ina Camarilla ci

prince
and the precedent for itis grim
a city has to be all but overrun. Even then, once

This is rarely don
warlord Karsh, the prince can rarely reestablish his
claim of domain afterward. After all, if the prince
was so weak that he needed outside assistance to
rotect his claim, his princedom is probably a paper
tiger. For this reason, the Camarilla is typically
loath to assign a dux bellorum because it under
mines the stability of the city even after the
immediate Sabbat threat has been dealt with.
Image: The

battlesand negotiations. She wears her scarsas badges
let

xx bellorum is a veteran of both
of hon ing those around her know that she's
camed the right of sovereignty in times of war. Her
dress is a blend of modern sensibility and restrained
brutality — it won't do to be caught by witch-hunters
on the night of her greatest vietory.

Roleplaying Hints: You are an expert in the

matters of wa
will learn the hi

ind if others don't see it, then they

cd way. The position of dic hellorum
hat of a consultant, and you expect obedi-
After you've done the job and returned to

your haven, they can say anything they want

bout

you, but while you're in cown, they had best be

ready to follow you into hell without the slightest
protestation. If they're not ready for that, you have
alitele discipline toenforce before getting started
Clan: Brujah

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Masochist

Generation: 8th

4, Stamina 5
Ape
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wii

Talents:

ance 3

lermess4, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Diplomacy 3,
Expression 3, Interrogation 3, Intimidation 4,
2, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 3
rafts 3, Drive 4, Firearms 4, Melee 5,
Security 2, Stealth 1, Survival 5
Knowledges: Academics 1, C:
puter 2, Finance 2, Investigation 4, Law 3, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 2, Politics 3, Sabbat Lore 1
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celentty 4, Dominate 1, Fort:
tude 3, Obfuscate 2, Potence 4, Presence 4, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 2, Herd 3, Mili
tary Force 2, Resources 5, Retainers 3, Status 4
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 4
Derangement
Willpower:

ila Lore 2, Com:

Obsessive/Compulsive

War Counct.or

Background: The duties of the prince are largely
peaceful — cities chat exist in a constant state of war
rarely havea prince, but rather along list of would-be
claimants to that title. That being che case, war isn't
always the prince's forte. Many princes enlist the a
of their compatriots, from tested advisors to mentors
The war councilor is one such consultant. He may be
the prince's site, an acquaintance from centuries ago
or simply a mercenary captain hitinghis expertise out
to the highest bidder. In any event, the war councilor
advises the prince (or dux bellorum) on tactics, strat-
gy, guerrilla techniques and special circun
Indeed, an especially cathe
even take part in the skirmishes themselves

Image: The war councilor is very much the hoary
old chamberlain. Veteran of more conflicts than most
Kindred could hope to survive, the councilor is hard-
ened and more than a bit weary. Still, the price for
failure ishigh,
avoid such failure, so the war cour

nd many princes are willing to pay to

stretches his

creaking limbs to consult on another engagement

Mowor Sec

no


Roleplaying Hints: Prestation, hunting grounds,
allo ivate youtoput

yourknowledge on the line and help princes who have

notoriety, even cash. he:

red your luck too many times,
of course, and one night it's all going to finally come
to an end for you. When that night comes, though,
you'll dragasmany Sabbat screaming into Final Death.
as you can,

Clan: Malkavian
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor:
Generatior
5, Dexterity 3, Seami

isma4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy

Expression 2, Intimidation 4, Intuition 4, Leadership
Streetwise 1, Subtert

al Ken 3, Crafts 5, Drive

arms 1, Melee 4, Performance 3, St

5

tiquette 3,
Ich 1, Sur-

Academics (humanities) 4, C:
2 3, Investigation 4, Law 4, Linguietice 3,
abbat Lore 3
lism 2, Auspex 5, Dementation

Dominate 3, Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 4, Potence 2, Pres-
ence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Cor
Military Force 3, Resources 3, Retainers
Virtues: Self-Control 2

acts 5, Mentor 3,

Morality: Humanity 5
Derangements: Fugue, Self-Annib
Disassociative Blood-Spending
Willpower:

Viewer

Background: The Camarilla's list
over the Sabbat is subjective

f advan
while the

ivory tower exalts its conservatisn
Sword of Caine favor its radical bent
prides itself o1
the Sabbat champions its members' freedom. O1

heCamanilla
ts complex social structure while
annot answer back so
marilla's (ie, Clan
The vi

urgy. Such an expert can

aspect for which the Sab
readily, however, is the
Tremere's)
tier is a wartime

ficiency with blood magic
advisor skilled ir
f Thaum:

the art
application
take many forms, from the w

art to unearth the enemy's secrets to the

ned scryer using the
planning on poisoning the enemy's b
with pillars of flame. While few of these last survive
for too long, the fact that they exist at all is a

sod supply to

testament t tility of blood magic — and
vastutility in asiege. Mercenary sorcerers can
command great prices, while those acting in the

incerests of their own city no doubt harvest the
prestation and status associated with the éritical

role they play
Image: The nights of the cackling witch
long over — the modem visier affects the business

suits and luxury sedans so favored in the mortal

‘Anwar. Tae Wir Ges

rey


world. Thaumaturgy is by ni demic art
and the vizier looks like she could fit with
any desk in the CEO's office
Roleplaying Hints: Unlife unde
ideology would be such an inef

ease at the he
a maho
the Sabbat
ient waste. Its

¢ than blood-soaked sav
ages. With your refined art, however

members are little mé

and the
stability afforded by he Cainatilla's social

Kindred of the modem nights need not worry al

out

uch heathens, Why, sure, you've acquired a favor

or ovo over the course of the siege, but what should

k

uation that requires one to 1
her unlife

Clan: Tremere

Generation: 9th
Physical: Strengch
Social:
Mental
Talent:
terfuge 1
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 3, Drive 1, Etiquette
2, Firearms 1, Security 1, Survival I
Knowledges: Academics 4, Computer 1, Finance
2, Investigation 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Oc
cult 5, Politic

Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Manipulation 4, Appea

Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Leadership 1, Sub:

1, Science 2

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 2, Fortitude
4
al Paths: Path
Conjuring 3, Path of Curses 3, H
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resou

st Conscience 3, Self-Cone

Blood 4, Path of
arth Path
4, Status 1
Courage 3
fumanity 6
Willpower: 8

Lorportne CLuten

Background: The Nosferatu are
animal realm,

asters of the

fact that is all too often overlooked

In this sense, the beastimaster

can provide untold versatility in their roles as scouts
and soldiers. Flies buzz in and out of Sabbat war
aned therein. A pack of
an overconfident scout

A
at assassin fr ing
place in the prince's mansion, Do the lesser beasts of

the night do this of their own volition? Cs

councils with information

pestilential rats brings dowr

making his haver

in an abandoned tenement

— the wise soldier thanks the Nosferatu master of
animals for his efforts.

Image: Twisted and profane, this Nosferatu
looks even less human than his bestial charges. His
back bears perennial hunch and tufts of hair burst
forth from his malformed head. He hides the less
presentable bits of his body beneath a mildewed
assock... or perhaps that's where he hides. nest of
itching lice.

Roleplaying Hints: Despite the fact that these
falling into the talons
the Sabbat. Hell, it's not like you can't

rood on them after m
rh

the whol settles
s for yourself and for you
charming pets — that's the only reason you don't
this city unde They'd
st the
Licks leave you to your own devices.

Nosferatu

wa Sabbat_ dominion.

you to ash or guzzle your blood. At |

urmudgeon
Demeanor: Deviant
2th

h 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
hharisma 1, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Perception 4, Inrelligence 2, Wits 4

Empathy 1

Moncr Su

i


Disciplines: Animalism 4, Obfuscate 2
Backgrounds: Herd 3, Retainers 3
Virtue: fonscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 7
Willpower: 4
Spix-Docion

Background: You can tell when the
intoacity
overtime, the state-funded hospitals see

rolls
the fire department's suddenly working
influx of
patients missing limbs, and the white kids in the
suburbs suddenly have drug problems. The spin-doc:
tor specializes in keepingall of the potentially d:
inform

ning
ion out of the papers and off the evening
news, or at least puts a slant on the stories that leads

people not to take them seriously. On the offensive,
that lead to

butnot

the spin-doctor pushes through stori
increased policing and social rejuvenation
that it would be difficult for Camarilla

Kindred to make a place for themselv
Imag

the press conferences

he spin-doctor sits at the front of all
conferences

that take place after dark, that is). She's an unas.
suming woman, a bit rumpled in her appearance,
but no more so than any copy editor who's been
burning the midnight oil to make sure the story
that hits the presses includes everything it needs to
or omits everything it needs to omit.
Roleplaying Hints: ¥

stantly. Sodoes your beeper. Your instant messenger

urcell phone rings con

accounts deliver a constant barrage of sound bite

and terse questions. From che moment you wake up

until the moment you sink into cold sleep, you're
conferring, editing facts, omitting "exaggerations,
and keeping the local media from becoming "the
to become! Are you
journalists or pulp writers? A headless body,
! They can go through the public
-ords if they want to read that lurid shit!"
Clan: Tremere
Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Traditionalist
Generation: 11th
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Inte
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Expres
sion 2, Street 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Performance 1
Security 2, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Acade:
gation 2, Law 1, Politic
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Fame 1, Influence |
Resources 4, Status
Virtues:
Morality
Willpower: 4

igence 3, Wits 4

3, Computer 2, Investi

onscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 2
Humanity 6

Sociatrre
Background: This isn't the dark

don't wil in the field all day and go to bed at
sundown in preparation for the next back-breakin

day. People go out, and everyone knows it's more
fun to be with some people than with others, The
socialite is always among those "in" people, gener
ally because he's one of them himself, Always clad
in the latest of fashions, always in possession of the
latest designer drug, always at the latest gallery
openings and latest shows, always in the latest

always dating the latest model, the

socialite can always have some unsuspecting Kin:
dred banned from a club or thrown out by security
On the other side of the coin, he can focus the
attention of an entire city's society on the next "it

and that attention c
ble if the person in q
the Damned.

Image: Halfway between the gutter and the
stars, the socialite can hobnob with high society ot

guy or girl
uncomfor

n become quite
ion is among

slum glamorously with the dregs. Whatever he


hedoesit looking like he'
the cover of a magazine. His di

and he moves as ife

ady robe shot for
cool and

nonchalant rything he does
was diteeted by a photographer. Whatever he's
doing to that gitl right now

even that's

she's positively
Roleplaying Hints: You are the p:

everyone loves a party. Those who can

ty, and
handle it
can fuck off. Those who can handle it taste a little
of the limelight themselves, And yes, asa matter of
fact, you are the one who decides whether they can
or can't handle it.

Clan: Ventru

Nature: Bon Vivant
Demeanort
Generation: 1
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charism: on 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Pere Wits 3

Talents: Empathy 4, Expression 3, Intimidation
snubbiny
Skills: Driv

4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge
2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Performance 3
Academics 1,
iplines: Dominate 4, Presence 4
Backgrounds: Allies 5
4, Satu

nance 5, Polities 2
Contacts 5, Fame 2, Herd
4, Resources
inscience 1, Self-Control 2,
Morality: Humanity 4
Derangements: Gluttony

Willpower: 4

ues: C

SaBBat Templates
No one welcomes the possibility of conflict
with the Sabbat. The sect's soldiers are fanatics,
terrors of the night who gladly abandon the bloody
shreds of their mortal lives to win the holy war that
threatens to consume the world. Brutal and vio:
lent, the Sabbat is not averse to sacrificing itself for
its greater goals — parts o}
highest echelons, the elders of the Sabbat 2
different from the elders of the Camarilla,
in their desires and methods. Although the S:
may choose to forsake its humanity actively, elders
in that idiom differ little from Camarilla elders
whose age and alienation from humanity often
engenders the sa
On the frontlines; however, anyone at war
with the Sword of Caine can trust it to fight with
fang and talon until its bloody Final Death. Sabbat
Cainites are masters of guerrilla warfare, whether it
happens with firearms in the streets or in the halls

¢ result

d Elysium. Its members range from
murderous thugs to devout prophets —all of whom
would jump at the chance to tear an enemy apart.
Even those who don't subscribe to the propaganda
that makes up the sect's ideology often rise to the
fight. For some, bloody combat is its own end.

Of course, this viciousness rarely lends itself as
well to defensive postures as it does to offensive
efforts. True, the Sabbat fights with tenacity when
comered, but its frenzied members often lose sight of
their larger purpose when charged with defense. Packs

g locations can be drawn away from their
posts if goaded with a fight; individual Sabbat can be
fooled orambushed if they think they have the upper
hand. When fighting the Sabbat, the clever Kindred
draws the sect away from its strengths, isolating and
ultimately convincing it to destroy itself.

War Hero

Background: Bane of the Camarilla, drinker of
Cainite vitae, killer of foes, the war hero rides the
1¢ Sabbat's wave, following it wherever it
takes him for his next fight. Not so much a master
of tactics ashe is a fiend of vicious cunning,
ning the Camarilla's plans
against it. Let them plot and maneuver in their
back rooms! None of that will mean a damn thing
when they find themselves chased from their ha
vens by the war hero, with a hatchet in one hand
and a complacent elder's head in the othi

crest of

che war
hero specializes in

Mono Sec

re


much of the Sabbat's effort is built on the backs of
Truc Sabbat like this
be short enough that the elders don't have to

and their unlives tend to

with any long-term recognition

Image: The war hero looks like trouble. His
clothes area patchwork of tough fabrics and leather
that serves as armor and, well, anything he takes as
1 trophy or sees on a clothesline that he likes. His
face is pale and his eyes have sunken into his he

the price one pays for a dwindling humanity. He
may have once been pretty —or even plain — but
now he has become a cadaver
Hints: You'te j

they told you they wanted you to do

thi

It with this whole "v

‘ous horror
Roleplay « doing what

it turned
od at it

Now that you've di

op
thing a little, you see that they're using you, but
that doesn't bother you too much. Hey, what's the
fucking problem — they get what they want, you
get what you want, and everybody's happy. right?
Clan: Lasombra
Nature: Competitor
Demeanor: Bravo
Generation: 10th
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Ch:

isma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Wits 3

ics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimida-
ion}, Streetwise 2,

Perception 2, Intelligence

Subterfuge 1

Skills:

Animal Ken 2,¢
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Linguistics 1, Occult 3
Animalism 1
Obtenebration 1, Pot
Backgrounds:

Status 1

afts 2, Drive 1, Firearms |

lee vival 4
Dominate 1
nce 3, Protean |

Disciplines:

Contacts 1, Resources 1, Sabbat

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Morality: Humanity 3

Willpower:

Fret MARSHAL
Background: The field marshal
Ex

s of the siege, the mar:

share of sect conflic rienced in the finer
poi

adozen times over the course
he was al
battle of Koniggritz, or he may have comman
tank squadron during World War Il, He may have
even learned about racticsafter the
ing the art of war under
Whatev

abr:
plis
eld marshal is

aking ally

n. Sure, the war takes place under the veil of

night now, with perhaps a score of combatants

thousands, but the f

That, and the stake

yge: The field marshal bs

sical leadership

the case, the f

n it comes to 1 the fight a

ats the features
show his resolve. He
lead Cainites

y who woul:
their Final Deaths. He stands strong

‘Aroon: Tat Wa Ges

rr)


pillar upon whom his charges can lean if they need
to borrow his fury on the battlefield
Roleplaying Hi
you accept with pride. Not just any Cainite can
lead his men in the face of the Antediluvians and
hope to win, The only shortcoming you see in your

This isa grim duty, but one

soldiers is their sometimes-fearful lack of planning

they fervently charge at the enemy with little
regard for what may happen afterward. In this, you
have learned to temper your tactics with promises
of ph s left is
to hope they can keep their eyes on the prize
Clan: Lasombra

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 8th

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Expression |, Intimidation 1, Leadership 4,
Subterfuge 1

Skills: Crafts 1, Drive 2,
Melee 4, Survival 2

ler and potent blood. Now, all th:

tiquette 1, Fire

ties) 4, Lin

Knowledges: Academies (1
guistics 1, Occult 1, Politics 3, Scienc
Disciplines: Celerity 1, Dominate 4, Fortitude 3,
Obtenebration 2, Potence 4, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Mentor
Resources 3, Rituals 1, Saba

: Convietion 4, Instiner 2.

Military Force 1,
atus 3

Virtu
Moralit
Derangements: Sanguinary Animism, Obsessive)

Ca

Path of Power and the Inner Voice 6

Compulsive
Willpower: 7
Wuen

Background: Never trust a Tremere
know this. Among the occult society of the Sabbat,
howew

all Sabbat

the maxim goes one step further

wuffer a Tremere to see another 5

the. Weaned on a
steady diet of mistrust and hatred during her fledgling
years, the witch has leamed the capabilities of the
unholy sorcerers and even knows a few tricks for foiling
them. While any Tremere worth his mettle could easily
de

sorceriesthat come assucha shock tothe Cam

-at the meager sorceries of the witch, itis th

that chock can buy some precious time, ether ina fight
oras.a result of confounding rituals

Image: Dealing with the occult invariably takes
its toll on the student, and the witch no longer ha:
any ideas what passes for the norm, whether among
her fellow Cainites or mortals. Her face is lattice
of scars and tattoos, symbols of deals made with
spirits. She is hunched and bony, and wears castoff
clothes she finds here and there

Roleplaying Hints: They fear you because
they've seen what you can do to others, and they
tht do it to them. No matter — you
hold a position of prestige in the Sword of Caine.
Thou

dh they are uncomfortable around you, they

much as you need them to provide you
with that value

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 12th

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stami
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearan
Mental: Perception 5, Lntclligence 4, Wits 3
Tales Alertness 2, Dod
Skills: Animal Ken 4, C
Knowledge
tionl

1, Intimidation 1, Intuition 3
afts 3, Stealth 2
Academics 3, Enigmas 3, Investiga-

istics 3, Occult 4
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Th.

‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 3,

Thaumaturgical Countermagic 1

3
maturgy

en Path 1

Mower Sea

126


Backgrounds: Rituals 3

Virtue:
Morality
Willpow

Conviction Control 3, Courage 3

Path of Death and the Soul 5

Snover Heap
Background: Whether or
ling, that's often the term T
describe these all-but-doomed n
of a quick and dirty Embrace, shovelheads exist for

ot the Sabbat uses
n fledg:
abbat use tc

nates. Products

to-the-head Embrace on a giv

se he Sword of Cs

sends shovelheads on suicide missions, hurls them
at potent vampires and generally turns them loose
© cause whatever trouble they can in hopes of
forcing the Camarilla to pick up the pieces. Some
the

abbat's opposi-

ice is hypocritical; given th
tion to elder manipulation, how can they in good
onscience Embrace neonates and send them to
'cyet True Sab
mself worthy,
and he'll never be treated like a shovelhead ag
Image: Fresh from the Embrace, the

is covered in blood and grime from her recent

Cainites because they are

shovelhead has to do to is prove h

shovelhead
ordeal. His eyes are wide with horror and the
unholy strength he feels in his limbs. Has he died?
Has he survived some horrific accident? His face
betrays the wonder and confusion of this new state

Roleplaying Hints: Christ, how your head hurts!
‘One moment you're making out with some chick in the

tack of a convertible (come to think
creepy and cold) and the next mi
ina meat locker with six other ps

# freak-out. Well, fuck that — you tore two of them to
bits and kicked your way out of the locker with the other

ewaskinda
fe you're waking up
ople in various stages

u've been told to go attack some guy or
it seems like as good an idea as any

did you really just think that?

Clan: Lasombra

Nature: Child
Demeanor: Child

12th

Strength

tharisma 3

Generat
3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Manipulation 1, A\
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Intimidation 1
Skill 2
Knowledges:

Medicine 1, Sc
Disciplines: Obtenebration 1, Potence 3
Backgrounds:
Virtus lonscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Hi nity 7

pearance 2

afts 1, Drive 1, Survival

ics 1, Computer 1, Law 1
ence |

Allies 2, Resources 2

Willpower: 3

FReenooTeR
Background: To the freeboor at
life. Although
she's technically a member of the Sabbat
loyalty goes only so far as it doesn't threaten her
comfort. To that end, she's a mercenary for herown
y into
Her
knows she's in
and to the Sabbat's

cause is secondary to her own

sect, a Loyalist who's perfectly willing to
the Black Hand's rhetoric for the right pri
fellows call her a sellout, but she
charge of her own destiny
benefit, because she's quite capable.

Image: The freebooter shows the signs of the
road. Her face is windburned, and she has asc

her eye from when she ventured too far into that

beneath

deranged Gangrel's domain. She has a beauty accented

by formidability — she's attractive because she's ca
able, not because she looks like a runway model

Roleplaying Hints:
this whole "crusade

You can be bothered with
thing only so far as they

you. Sure, you're a member of the S:
mostly
Scill, you're taking payments from them and you're
not about to do a half-assed job. That would mean,

they wouldn't hire you again in the future

but th
cause they let you do your own thing

pbat

Aeron Te Wie Cx


Clan: Brujah antiribc
Nature: Rogue
Demeanor: Monster

eration: 10th
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3,
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, W

Talents: Alertness 3. Athletics 1, Brawl 4. Dodge 3.
Intimidation 3, Le ‘Streetwise 3, Subterfuge |
Skills: Crafts (motorcycle repair) 4, Demolitions 3,
torcycle) 4, Firearms 3, Melee, Security 2,

Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Linguistics 1, Medicine 1, Politics 1
i velerity 3, Fortitude 3, Potence 3,

‘onviction 4, Instinct 2, Courage 5
Morality: Path of Cathari 5
Willpower: 5

Monge Sect
28


Domains topple and
vitae Flows Freely

For half a millennium, the Kindred of the Camarilla have warred
with the Cainites of the Sabbat. But in the modern nights, sect
warfare can no longer hide behind the armies of kings or the fires
of the Inquisition. How then do the sects resolve their conflicts
without alerting the oblivious kine?

Midnight siege includes

© Tips and tactics players' characters can use when facing agents
of rival sects

© Hints and advice for Storytellers wishing to use the Camarilla-
Sabbat conflict as a story setting

© Information on inscrutable factors such as the Inconnu, the

independent clans and other supernaturals who prowl the World
of Darkness

WWW WHITE WOLF.CON

Wan of
DARED

ie

THE [JASQUERADE,
