# File: Monkeywrench! Pentex.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


\

i\
N Aa Nig |

|

| By Brad Freeman and Christopher Howard
{ eee EE

Seer rare ere are nar. ara a Frenne

Credits

Written by: Brad Freeman and Christopher Howard

Developed by: Bill Bridges

Edited by: Robert Hatch

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Art: Aileen E. Miles, Richard Thomas, Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook

Typesetting and Layout: Aileen E. Miles

Logo and Back Cover Design: Larry Schnelli

Word from the White Wolf Game
Studio

This book features the three contest winners from Gen
Con ‘93's Pentex Board of Directors meeting. They are:
Susan Durham, Francesco Santora, and Shawn Carnes.
Yes, folks, this contest proved that anyone, given the
chance, will sink to the vilest tactics to get a seat on the
Board.

We would also like to thank Mike Davis, whose Garou
costume stole the show. We couldn't (and wouldn't) have
done it without you.

And just when we thought everything was all right, a
monkey wrench got thrown in the works. Henry
Higginbotham's name was left out of the art credits for
Werewolf Second Edition. He did those cool fetishes
pictured throughout the book (and you should see the
originals! ). He is also renowned among Mage readers for his
Loom of Fate cover. And around the office for his awe-
inspiring and deadly looking Mask of Charon (no, we can't
tell you what that is yet, but you'll see it soon).

Sorry about that, Henry. Please don't sic your wolf on us.

(Disclaimer

The persons, places, and events depicted in this work are
fictional. Any resemblance to any entities living, dead,
or...otherwise...is coincidental. All statements are true in
some sense, false in some sense, and meaningless in some
sense.

WARNING: The Monkeywrenching tips given in this
book are for the purpose of roleplaying gaming only, and are
given to enhance the "underground" atmosphere portrayed
in this supplement. Do not try these at home or abroad!

Sl aaa ia aia a

Special Thanks to:

Andrew "Un perfetto mascalzone e anche brutto'
Greenberg for terrorizing Italy.

Rob "Stomping the Floors" Hatch for his sound wars
with the [expletive] downstairs.

Ken "Dr. Ruth" Cliffe for the controversial sex therapy
in WW #40.

Brian "SEGA!" Campbell for getting his Hedgehog on
Groundhog Day.

Phil "Route 66" Brucato for taking the byways of America
unintentionally.

Mike "Yo Joe!" Tinney for missing his buddy with the
kung fu chop action.

Ian "Snowblind" Lemke for getting snowed out in Penn-
sylvania. .

%

Mark "Piranha Bait" Rein Hagen for his proposed trip
to the Amazon.

Stewart "Happy Camper" Wieck for doing the Wyld
thing.

Dedication
To YOU, as promised.

ME Fd 1598:B STONEGATE IND. BLUD.
PSE sincn, che

GAME STUDIO

© 1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. Werewolf The Apocalypse™ is a trademark
of White Wolf, Inc. Monkeywrench! Pentex and all
material contained herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

|


Contents
Storyteller Information

Handouts:
Abbot's Letter
The Werehacker Files
Post-It Note
While You Were Out
International Pharmaballistics
Newspaper Clipping
Pentex Employee Dossiers
Persephone's Letter
Hines' Letter

Security Memo #A 2112-93
Buck Racer Comic

Cranscript of Hardigan Interview
Stillson Memos

Pentex Executive Bulletin
Satellite Photos

Doggy Diner Placemat
Panacea Blueprints

Endron Brochure

Contents 3

| a. tiie 2/,

Allcivilization is centralization. Allcentralization is economy.

— Brook Adams

The whole fabric of society will go to wrack if we really lay
hands of reform on our rotten institutions. From top to bottom,
the whole system is a fraud, all of us know it, laborers and
capitalists alike, and all of us are consenting parties to it.

— Henry Adams

Empires are restless organisms. They must constantly renew
themselves; should an empire start leaking energy, it will die.
Not for nothing were the Adams brothers fascinated by entropy.

By energy. By force.

— Gore Vidal, "The Day the American Empire

Ran Out of Gas"

The sky blackens as the juggernaut Wyrm continues its
seemingly inexorable path toward domination of our pre-
cious sphere. Pentex is a major component of its plans. Its
temporal power over government, the media and the
business world, combined with its dark, Wyrm-derived
powers, make it a seemingly undefeatable foe. Pentex is a
thousand-armed kraken; those who war with it might find
themselves seemingly victorious after protracted battle,
only to find that they have merely severed one of the tips
(a subsidiary of a subsidiary) of the monster's tentacles.

Not all is as it seems, though. This book, while conced-
ing Pentex's formidable might, reveals its great weaknesses
as well. This book displays the blind spots and the kinks in
supposedly impenetrable armor. This book is a book about
hope.

4 Monkeywrench! Pentex

I TE Te Ee

There is a schism in the Pentex Board of Directors —
small, perhaps, but rapidly growing. Three of the Board are
dead, slain by a single Garou's claws. As the remaining
Board Members and their subordinates scramble to fill the
niche left open by these deaths, the schism widens. The new
Board Members' true allegiances (which Wyrms they serve)
are unknown, and this leaves all the Board nervous and
paranoid.

At the same time, some Garou have finally been able to
put a name (and, in some cases, a face) to their hitherto
invisible enemy. Young Garou have rallied behind the
clarion cry of Mother Gaia, and a new name —
"Monkeywrenchers" — is on the lips of both the Garou
community and the minions of the Wyrm. The


Monkeywrencher movement is small, still only in its gesta-
tional phase, yet it has begun to render a hitherto unseen
portrait of its gargantuan foe.

Monkeywrenchers are Garou who attack Pentex and its
subsidiaries through any means necessary: computer hack-
ing, ecoterrorism and outright assaults on Pentex personnel.
Monkeywrenchers are allied in a loose network, usually
communicating via computer bulletin boards. When one
Monkeywrencher discovers a Pentex operation outside his
area, he will alerta known Monkeywrencher in the affected
area, and that Garou will attempt to halt the operation.

Clever characters who have previously battled the Wyrm
know that the enemy cannot be defeated by claw and fang
alone. Plans must be made and information gathered. The
Monkeywrencher must learn to pierce the Stygian fog
shrouding Pentex. This text should shed some light on the
darkness. This book contains secret computer files and
Pentex dossiers — bought at the high price of Garou lives.
Also contained herein are some publicly accessible Pentex
brochures, which can provide valuable information to
characters adept at reading between the lines.

This book often refers to information on Pentex given in
Book of the Wyrm. That sourcebook might be helpful to
Storytellers using these handouts. Each section of the
Storyteller's notes given here mirrors the "found materials"
(brochures, files, etc.) in the second half of the book. Each
artifact as presented to the players is alternately right,
wrong or misleading. The Storyteller's notes should allow
the Storyteller to know which is which.

Information contained herein should be made available
to the players in three ways:

The so-called "WereHacker Files" and Thomas Abbot's
Pentex dossiers may be given to players near the beginning
of the game. These contain more than enough information
to alert the characters to the conglomerate, as well as some
handy hints on how to tackle a giant like Pentex. In
addition, these sections contain the Monkeywrencher's
ethos, which may inspire the characters to a long (or, more
likely, short) career in the noble profession.

The second form of information, as represented by the
Endron brochure, is publicly available and contains some
surprisingly useful information. The Storyteller is encour-
aged to use the brochure as a template to create her own
Pentex public-relations mumbo-jumbo (pamphlets, TV
ads, fallacious science reports, etc.). While some of the
more heavy-handed propaganda may be good for a laugh, it
should always contain a sinister subtext. Remember, most
of the public at large has never heard the name Pentex, so
always attribute public information to the corporation's
subsidiaries.

The last form of information is given in the form of high-
level corporate communiqués.

The Storyteller's notes are filled with suggestions on
where and how the characters may obtain their evidence.
The Storyteller will note that the chronology of events
forms a small story of sorts, but she is encouraged to change

events to make them conform to her own chronicle, adding
or omitting information as desired. There is a lot of infor-
mation here, and the Storyteller may want to introduce it
slowly, thus building suspense and allowing the players
time to digest it. Most of the information is geographically
nebulous, allowing the Storyteller to fit it into her own
chronicle with minimal effort.

The computer rules section in the Werewolf Players
Guide may prove helpful when running games involving
hacker characters. Everything one needs to know to handle
this sourcebook is contained therein. Other computer
references are in-jokes for flavor and for the amusement of
computer types, but aren't necessary to use or enjoy this

book.

One More Disclaimer

Everything in this book is legally obtained information.
For dramatic purposes, we have tried to make it seem like
stuff that God, Uncle Sam, and Ma Bell don't want you to
know — which some of it may be. Nonetheless, it is legal
to know and distribute.

The Handouts
Thomas Abbot's Letter

Thomas Abbot is steward to King Jacob Morningkill of
the Vermont/New York Silver Fangs (see Rage across New
York). Abbot has sent the letter to a trusted friend, an elder
or Mentor of the characters' sept. Besides mentioning the
New York Garou's desperate straits, the letter introduces
the characters to "Monkeywrenching" and details the deaths
of three Pentex Board Members.

This news should hearten the characters: their enemy is
weakened. Additional news concerninga possible Wendigo/
Get of Fenris reconciliation is also welcome, and the
Storyteller may want to expand on this.

All of the information in Abbot's letter is essentially
correct. The "unsavory channels" by which Abbot received
the WereHacker files involved, among other things, a
Nosferatu vampire (Diogenes by name).

The Storyteller may use this handout in any number of
ways. The suggested method is to have the pack's Mentor
give them the letter, along with the WereHacker Files, and
ask them to look into the situation (i.e., stop Pentex, using
the information provided). The documents may be ob-
tained in other ways: e.g., a dying elder stumbles into the
pack's caern and begs them, with his dying breath, to take
the files and use them "for Gaia." The Storyteller should
feel free to devise any number of ways to drop the informa-
tion into the characters' laps.

The WereHacker Files

All the text in monospaced typeface represents an on-
line "capture file," a literal transcription of a computer

Storyteller Information 5

0 fA E E  e  , eels 7 //


Speer rere rere arene aren a ara a amram

telecom session. The WereHacker kept these notes as a
"brag phile" (file), and they are presented verbatim. You
would see this replicated onscreen were you looking over
his shoulder as he typed. His message to Diogenes is a cover
letter from one hacker to another.

The posting that begins, "Are you SICK of those PI-
RATE BOARDS?" is also genuine, testimony to a real
loathing that some hackers have for mere pirates.

EaRthFisT!, the violent environmental action group, is
fictitious, which is probably a good thing.

The real-time conference log that begins, "Deep Umbra
BBS Real-Time Conference" is a capture file of a computer
BBS conference call that gets interrupted in the middle.
This is how the hackers and Monkeywrenchers of the
WereHacker's pack (mostly Glass Walkers) communicate.
Think of it as a text-only conference call. The Missing
Sysop, a peripheral member of the pack who owns the
computer on which the bulletin board runs, was captured
by a Pentex First Team. His equipment was confiscated.
Information on the computer implicated other members of
the pack, and one by one they were hunted down. The
WereHacker was preparing to try to rescue some of them
and decided to transmit this information to Diogenes, a
Nosferatu of his acquaintance. That was the last anyone
heard of the WereHacker.

The files also include:

¢ A Post-It note inscribed with some of the WereHacker's
special code.

¢ A "While You Were Out" message concerning Inter-
national Pharmaballistics, and a brochure from that
company. The International Pharmaballistics info pertains
toasmall vertical-market corporation that sells supplies for
nonlethal riot control and live-capture big-game hunting.
The corporation considers its wares humane alternatives to
"conventional" weaponry, little realizing to what evil pur-
poses its equipment can be put.

PANACEA and Magadon security forces are testing
some of these modified weapons, using Wyrm-tainted loads
in the injector projectiles, toxic silver arsenide compounds
in the gas projectors, and nasty fetishes as caseless ammu-
nition. These (and the electrically charged projectiles) can
provide nasty shocks to Garou expecting the usual lead-
throwers.

Have fun!

¢ The four satellite photos are stages in Pentex en-
croachment. The first is found in the WereHacker's phile;
the rest are found in Mr. Zygote's briefcase (see PANA-
CEA, below).

© Doggy Diner placemat with map of Black Dog Game
Factory sketched on back. See Black Dog Game Factory,
below.

© The newspaper clipping titled "Boy Drowns in Church"
details the death of one of the ecohackers in the
WereHacker's pack. He was found by the Rev. Firestone
and his friend Trixie. While the Reverend won't talk, she

. _——z

will. All she can add is that the word found on the hacker
was "ALMA-ATA." The cops are right — it is a password.
The information accessible thereby is up to the Storyteller.

Dossiers on Pentex Subchiefs

Upon receiving the WereHacker files, Thomas Abbot
was galvanized into action and scrambled to gather infor-
mation on four of Pentex's highest lieutenants. Most of the
information has previously been available to Garou but has
never before been gathered in one place. The information
includes some of Abbot's own suppositions. Certain of
these are accurate; others, erroneous.

¢ Harold B. Hines (a.k.a. Doctor Frankenstein):

Below are some secrets that the characters could possibly
learn with some research and footwork.

1. The "S.O.S." on the check in Hines' photo stands (at
least in public) for "Save Our Schools," a grass-roots orga-
nization aimed at bringing discipline and basics back to the
schoolroom. It is in fact an acronym for the "Society of
Socrates," an elite cabal of Pentex academics whoare trying
to gain control of the educational system at all levels. To
this end, they seek to make many schools and universities
economically dependent on them and have lobbied (thus
far unsuccessfully) to move the majority of the school
system from government to private hands.

2. Hines is atypical of the Pentex subsidiary president
type. He is a genius and has figured out much more of
Pentex's corporate structure and goals than most others of
his ranking have. Even the Board of Directors is unaware of
the scope of his knowledge of Pentex operations. He plots
to fill one of the vacancies on the Board of Directors, but,
unknown to him, he is no longer in the running because of
the cloud of suspicion that has settled over his financial
dealings.

3. Hines is a pedophile and a secret member of the
Society of Socrates. He shares both of these distinctions
with his patron on Pentex's Board of Directors, Benjamin
Rushing.

4. Hines has terrorized, corrupted and then murdered
each of his former wives. His current wife (Cindy Hines) is
a prisoner in his mansion near PANACEA Pharmaceuti-
cals. She is scared but strong-willed. If rescued, she will be
grateful and may be able to help the characters, even to the
extent of helping to set a trap for her husband.

Deep Secrets: The following information is not avail-
able to characters unless they hear it from Hines' mouth.

Hines belonged to the Defiler Wyrm long before he went
to work for Pentex — in fact before he was born. Hines is
a Ferectoi, a bastard Wyrm monstrosity born from the
union of a human and a Breeder Bane. At birth, Hines was
placed with a wealthy and influential family that had
served the Wyrm for many generations. Hines was raised
amid luxury and has been schooled since childhood in the
ways of the Defiler Wyrm. His membership in the Society
of Socrates and his spectacular rise in Pentex were preor-
dained.

Monkeywrench! Pentex

a ne


Unlike most Ferectoi, he is witty and urbane, reveling in
his role. He considers his "children," the fomori at PANA-
CEA, to be part of his new "super-race"; he has nothing but
contempt for humans.

Physical: Strength 3 (8), Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

4

i ri), Contacts !
t

treet fomori par

| nd is Wasp

is back (e
These

fo !

I laying Notes: ing was so
: ney and powers ps always set
; at human fool, Be shing, was béhi
i ‘i bid to joi ex's Board.

ere growing at & :
! ta little greedy: ‘

The Monkeywrenchers have all vanished, though, and it is
only a matter of time before the impostor is unmasked. The
false Stillson will do everything in his power to aid the
characters against Pentex.

3. Ben Stillson is a patriot. For years Pentex has encour-
aged the most ugly aspects of patriotism (blind nationalism,
xenophobia) in the ex-Green Beret in order to make him
easier to manipulate. Lately, though, Stillson has begun to

st or option is chose

fiente: f fetishes. If t p

' tillsop ‘ Id have Trait: 1 © the
Ce

In eith ase=hey should ‘be t pt at
epho e Tar-Anis: ae |

are some secrets that the characte possibly
somé ch and footwork

nem tot ork with some vant

éphon Embraced in 1843)

Board ber Harold Zettle

fe) anet, but it has a 308
4 : sighted fools,

your every footstep. The worst part is that, aving never
been prepared for failure, you don't know how to handle it.
You are starting to drink again, and your composure is
starting to crack. You're not finished yet, though. You have
power, resources and your genius. You'll show them all,
especially that crazy slut Persephone. Crash your computer,
will she? You'll show them all!

If Hines does go down, he will try to take as many others
with him as he possibly can.

¢ Ben Stillson:

Ben Stillson has no home address. He essentially lives at
the PANACEA plant or in hotels.

Ben Stillson can be a pivotal actor in this drama, de-
pending on how the Storyteller decides to play him. Below
are three choices.

1. Ben Stillson is a loyal servant of the Wyrm and of
Pentex. He has watched the brewing war between Hines
and Persephone with growing concern. If Hines is indeed
shown to have stolen from Pentex, Stillson will use his First
Team to aid Persephone in Hines' ouster. He will act in
Pentex's best interest in all things.

2. Ben Stillson is dead. He was shot in the back of the
head while getting into his car. The WereHacker and his
Monkeywrencher cohorts have put a clever doppelganger
(a Glass Walker with the Gift: Doppelganger) in his place.

|

2 phon us, I
is t¢ the Board a bul
time is not yet right for such a move

able to characters unless they hea
from an ancient vampire who knows t ‘

Persephone was born in London in the early 1800s to the
wealthy Wedgewood family. As a child she was at first
considered to be "precocious," later "troubled," and by the
time she reached her early teens, her family was forced to
conclude she was insane. Not wishing to suffer the embar-
rassment that she was increasingly causing them, they
institutionalized her.

Up to this point, the young girl's "madness" was in fact
only a minor schizophrenia and perhaps an overly active
imagination, but after several years in the badly managed
sanitarium, she was completely deranged. She suffered
wild, extremely complex hallucinations and psychotic spells,
which she dutifully recorded in her diary.

At the age of 16, Persephone attracted the attention of
Harold Zettler, one of the hospitals' regents. Fascinated by
her unique psychosis, he decided to preserve it forever by
inducting her into the Sabbat. A true vampiric prodigy,
Persephone adapted to her new unlife with an ease that
astounded her elders and even Zettler. Within 45 years of
her Embrace, Persephone had participated in several key
Sabbat operations, treacherously murdered the Camarilla
Monitor of London, formed a long-standing association
with the Son of Ether mage Charles Babbage, and played a

Storyteller Information 7

i —

——niemninner


Seen rere, er ar AUR. APO NT renneh

crucial role in helping to cement Sabbat ties with the Black
Spiral Dancers.

She changed her last name to Tar-Anis (in homage to
the Gallic goddess of death) because of the prevalence of
death imagery in her hallucinations. She has maintained
close contact with her sire through most of her unlife,
though to her credit she did not participate in his atrocities
in Nazi Germany. Like Zettler, she is actively hunted by the
Camarilla and effectively uses Pentex as a safe haven.

Sire: Harold Zettler

Generation: 6th

Embrace: Early 1800s

Apparent Age: 17

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Expression 2, Intimidation 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 4, Etiquette 4, Firearms 5, Leadership 3,
Stealth 5, Survival 2 .

Knowledges: Computer 5, Investigation 4, Law 2, Oc-
cult 3, Politics 4, Science 3

Disciplines: Auspex 7, Celerity 3, Dementation 6, Domi-
nate 4, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 6, Potence 1. Through
Zettler, she also has access to the 8th level Auspex Disci-
pline: Malkavian Madness Network (see Clanbook:
Malkavian). This Discipline allows her to enter the Digital
Web computer Realm in the Umbra (see the Mage
sourcebook Digital Web), enabling her to enter computers
mentally from a distance. She can only use this Discipline
when she is in telepathic contact with Zettler.

Backgrounds: At least 4 in just about everything except
Black Hand Membership.

Bane Fetishes: Her fetishes (gifts from Black Spiral
friends) allow her the following Glass Walker Gifts: Con-
trol Simple Machines, Control Complex Machines, and
Cybersenses. The fetishes are all jewelry made from com-
puter chips.

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 4, Morale 2

Path of Power and the Inner Voice: 5

Willpower: 9

Image: Persephone is just as likely to be seen wearing
punk leather or Victorian-style funeral garb as the corpo-
rate styles she wears at Pentex, though all of her clothes are
expensive designer originals.

Roleplaying Notes: You toyed with Babbage's differ-
ence engine; now you're playing in cyberspace. You are
deeply involved in all of Pentex's most secretive computer
projects, and your facility with them has made you a
cracker-jack security chief. You know they call you "crazy,"
though never to your face. You know that your insanity
allows you to make prodigious intuitive leaps, tying seem-
ingly dissimilar threads together in ways undreamt of by the
sane. You could almost do your entire job from your com-
puter console, but you like to get out and about (remember

8 Monkeywrench! Pentex

/ mai aaa amnnmieny >,

Nevada?) and to work with people (really). You view death
philosophically, as a beginning rather than an end, and
thus are prone to murder. However, you are not needlessly
cruel—certainly nota practicing torturer like many of your
Sabbat comrades. You are loyal to Pentex, but you frankly
couldn't care less about the Wyrm. Hines has stepped out
of line, and you are preparing to crush him like the bug he
resembles.

Persephone will only engage in physical combat if abso-
lutely necessary, despite her skill at it. Play her with a dark
sense of humor, like a Charles Addams character.

© Max Carson

Below are some secrets that the characters could possibly
learn with some research and footwork.

1. Max Carson is a Black Spiral Dancer Kinfolk.

2. He is, at least on the surface, far more typical of the
Pentex subsidiary head than Hines is. He doesn't rock the
boat and has professed to be uninterested in a Board
position.

Deep Secrets: The following information is unavailable
to characters unless they hear it from Carson.

Born dirt-poor in Texas, Carson joined Endron's sales
force and quickly cut a bloody swath all the way to the
president's chair. He runs the company with an iron fist and
has used his Black Spiral Contacts to keep all at Endron in
line. Carson has consolidated his position by surrounding
himself with those loyal to him (Black Spiral Kinfolk now
hold most of Endron's top positions); he is in one of the best
defensive positions of any Pentex subsidiary head. His
Dallas property sits right on top of a minor Black Spiral
caern. He is generally left to his own devices, which means
ripping up the environment in a devious and professional
manner.

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 5, Leadership 4, Melee 2,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Investigation 2,
Law 3, Occult 2, Politics 3, Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Kinfolk 5 (Black
Spiral Dancers), Resources 5

Powers: Carson is immune to all toxic Wyrm emana-
tions (radiation, toxic waste, etc.).

Willpower: 8

Fetishes: Carson has several powerful Bane fetishes,
which tend to generate, secrete and project mutagenic and
toxic chemicals.

Image: Carson plays the Texas oil tycoon role to the
hilt. Wear a big cowboy hat, buy a pro ball team, complain
about those tree-huggers in Washington and swagger a lot.
The whites of his eyes are actually a pale yellow.


yer nverieeieroenenereeensl

Roleplaying Notes: Well, it looks like that egghead fairy
Hines and the little vampire lady are intent on ripping each
other to pieces. Pity. Looks like you'll just have to walk in
and pick up all the pieces, though for your money the dead
chick'll probably win. Neither of them'd better get any
ideas about playing games with you, though; you'll tear ‘em
a new one. You consider yourself the Wyrm's main ranch
hand and do its bidding in all things. By the time you're
through, the world's gonna be one giant toxic dump. The
seas will run black and the sky will be a permanent neon
orange — just like Vegas.

Although you seek personal power, you do not seek
membership on the Board of Directors at this time. You go
where you are needed, and right now Pentex and the Wyrm
need you right where you are. You've been richly rewarded
for your services and are completely loyal.

filled Pentex

"BDG." If the

information to lead the charae

quarters, she should supply additional elaes (maybe the
address of the diner is on the placemat; the diner is across
the street from BDG).

Because Black Dog Game Factory could be situated in
"Anytown, USA," the Storyteller should put the company
within relatively easy reach of the characters' stomping
grounds. Characters who visit the company's offices will
find them to be every bit the cesspool of human (and
inhuman) corruption that one would imagine. Everyone
who works here is Wyrm-tainted to some degree, except for
some of the visiting freelancers, who are merely innocent
Wyrm dupes (or "Wyrmies," as the jaded full-time staff calls
them). The warehouse is filled with minor Wyrm fetishes
and Bane-tainted goods, in the form of "miniatures" and
"story handouts," which are aimed at corrupting the im-
pressionable young "leaders of tomorrow."

Despite the many sordid and nauseating misadventures
possible here, there is only one major point of interest. Bob
Forthrite, the developer of BDG's Zombie: The Putres-
cence™ line of games, is (unknown to all but BDG's inner
circle) a fomor. His only fomor powers are Mouth of the
Wyrm (the mouth is located on his stomach) and Stomach
Pumper.

Bob recently received a blueprint of the PANACEA
Pharmaceuticals plant from his vacationing cousin Frank.
Frank, also a fomor, worked at the PANACEA plant until
his recent unexplained disappearance. Frank thought that
the blueprints he found were "cool" and didn't think the
company would mind if he brought them to Bob for use in
one of his games. Bob is currently planning to use them in
the Zombie sourcebook Fury across Florida. The characters
should be convinced of the blueprints' validity if they
notice that they match those in the dossier photo of Ben
Stillson (see the dossier on Stillson).

If cornered, Bob Forthrite will wail and blubber, protest-
ing that he only wants to make games to "make people
happy," or that he is "making gaming an art form." He can
look pretty pathetic and will produce pictures of fictitious
children at the drop of a hat. If the characters are dumb
enough to let him go, he will run to the phone and report
them to his "masters" (Pentex).

acca blueprints map out the firsefl6or poe basement of

the smaller building.

These blueprints (provided as a handout later in this
book) are fairly basic; the Storyteller is encouraged to add
his own elements and customize the maps to his own
campaign. The blueprints are several years old, and some
changes have surely been made at the site since their
drafting (machines added, rooms reconfigured, etc.). Char-
acters using the blueprints to infiltrate PANACEA should
run into at least one unexpected dead end while in the
plant.

Here, at the PANACEA plant, the characters will find
the most damaging and illuminating information about
Pentex. Not surprisingly, here is also where they will meet
their strongest resistance. PANACEA Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. was founded in 1986 and is a subsidiary of Magadon,
Incorporated. It is the pet project of Harold Hines; it is also
the brainchild of Harold Zettler (Pentex Board Member
and a Malkavian antitribu), whose interest in medical
atrocities dates back to his nights as a Nazi doctor at
Auschwitz. Zettler has a controlling share (53%) of
PANACEA's stock. Hines has a private office here, as does
Ben Stillson. A ghoul (Mr. Zygote) may also be found here,
scrutinizing the company's financial records and generally
lurking about.

Storyteller Information 9


The plant is not visible from the main roads (it is at the
end of a tertiary road marked "Private") and is situated on
a peninsula that juts out into a large lake. The peninsula
covers about 10 acres and consists primarily of meticulously
landscaped grounds. There is a parking lot, but no cars are
visible. Surrounding the grounds is a high-voltage fence.

First Team troops, some of them fomori, patrol the
grounds, and security cameras sweep the perimeter. If the
characters decide to approach through the Penumbra, they
will find that the natural beauty of the grounds gives way to
the sulfurous stench of a Hellhole. The Gauntlet rating is
7 in the surrounding grounds and increases to 9 once inside
the building.

Several of the trees that dot the landscape are inhabited
by Blight Children:

Rage 8, Willpower 6, Gnosis 5, Power 25

Charms: Blighted Touch

They will bide their time, waiting to attack when the
characters flee the building.

There are also many minor Bane spirits here, but they
appear mindless and do not attack; instead, they feed,
vulturelike, on any fallen intruders. If characters approach
stealthily through the Penumbra, they should at least be
able to get into the building before encountering any major
resistance.

Third Floor

Most of the top floor is filled with office space, though no
employees are actually working in this area. They have
been "given the week off' while Mr. Zygote peruses the
records. The top floor is also where the characters will find
the offices of the president (Hines) and vice-president
(P.T. Barnes). There is nothing of interest in Barnes' office.

Also on the third floor, hidden by a retractable roof
panel, is Hines' private helicopter. He will use it to escape
if things go against him.

e Mr. Zygote:

Somewhere in the building, the characters may run
across the ghoul Mr. Zygote. He is the majordomo of Harold
Zettler and one of Pentex's premiere "number-crunchers."
He is at PANACEA because Hines is suspected of skim-
ming profits and other unseemly financial misdoings. Zettler
and Persephone both hope that Zygote will uncover enough
information to depose Hines once and for all.

Zygote is a Sabbat ghoul of the Obertus family (see
Storytellers Handbook to the Sabbat) and has been in
Zettler's service for 50 years. He is an ideal spy (Auspex 4,
Obfuscate 3), a consummate accountant, and he likes his
job. He has allowed Hines to "bribe" him into not investi-
gating too deeply, even as he quietly amasses enough
evidence to damn him in the eyes of the Board. Zygote will
not engage in combat under any circumstances, instead
trying to disappear and flee when confronted with danger.

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1

10 Monkeywrench! Pentex

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 3, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Computer 4, Investigation 5, Law 3, Sci-
ence 2

Willpower: 7

Roleplaying Notes: Lurk and spy. Talk like Peter Lorre.
"You...you don't understand. I'm only an accountant!"
Whatever you do, don't drop your briefcase.

Zygote's Briefcase: Zygote's briefcase contains evidence
against Hines. In addition, it contains "Hines' Letter to
Persephone" (see below) and the four Pentex satellite
photos (one of which can be found in the WereHacker
Files). Zygote may also have copies of the "Stillson Memos"
(see below).

Harold &. Hines' Office

Hines' office is both large and opulent. It is paneled in
dark mahogany and tastefully appointed in a classical style.
Numerous shelves contain books on a plethora of subjects
(mostly science; some are authored by Hines), and several
diplomas hang behind a large antique desk. Paintings,
including an original but hitherto unknown "hellscape" by
Hieronymous Bosch, adorn the room. On Hines' desk are
several photos of Hines shaking hands with former U.S.
presidents of both parties, and a photo of his current wife.

Cursory examination reveals little else of interest. The
locked desk, if forced open, contains only several innocu-
ous but highly impressive files of sales figures. Similarly, the
highly advanced computer next to the desk provides only
cryptic, confusing code if booted up.

The true prize in the room is a wall safe hidden behind
the Bosch painting. The safe's computer lock can be by-
passed with a Wits + Computer roll (difficulty 8). Three or
more successes are required to avoid triggering the silent
alarm system. In the safe are three artifacts:

Persephone's Letter to Hines

This message is on a 2" CD-ROM disc in a plastic case.
The word "bitch" is scrawled on the case in Hines' hand-
writing. This disc represents some of the latest in Tellus
Enterprise's hardware technology and is incompatible with
any computer currently available on the open market. If the
characters neglect to play the CD on Hines' computer (it
boots up automatically) they will have to seek out some
Glass Walkers advanced enough to have access to this level
of technology.

The disc also has a Net-Spider bound into it. This
creature will crash a system once the disc is inserted,
allowing the computer to play only the disk's message
(Persephone's idea of a practical joke). As soon as the file
boots up, it will send the message straight to the printer,
printing out a hard copy.


Notes: The Storyteller should be made aware of several
facts from the letter:

¢ Persephone has already convinced several Board Mem-
bers, including Zettler and Yamazaki, that Hines should go.
She is planning on using evidence of his embezzlement as

an excuse to depose him; Mr. Zygote's job is to obtain such.

evidence.

¢ Persephone plans to have Hines killed. To this end,
she has several means at her disposal, including...

a) Her influence with the Black Spiral Dancers.

b) Her influence with the Sabbat.

c) The First Team at the PANACEA plant.

d) She has the authority to send in additional First
Teams "to bolster security" and is seeking clearance to
utilize the Alpha Team.

¢ The reference to Stillson's "hacker doppelganger" is
explained in the "Stillson Memos" (see below). Thus, this
letter is not delivered to Hines until after the events listed
in those memos have occurred. Persephone may be bluffing
alker doppelganger is still there,
Ison.
the identity of the intruder in

obvious psychosis. Her personal guards include disparate
factions among the Sabbat, Black Spiral. Dancers and some
humans; she has managed to make them cooperate effi-
ciently.

Hines' Letter to Persephone

This letter is in Mr. Zygote's briefcase, but because it
addresses subjects mentioned in Persephone's letter, Story-
teller information is given here. The letter directly mentions
several of Pentex's most highly guarded secrets. Below are
details on each one.

¢ The AIDS "Cure":

PANACEA has tailored a "hunter virus" specifically
programmed to latch onto the HIV virus (fighting fire with
fire), not killing it but neutralizing it "permanently." The
disease goes into remission, usually within two months of
the initial treatment. This is the official version of events.

The hunter virus is in reality what has been dubbed an
"engineer virus" that mutates the HIV virus, causing it to
become even more deadly — if that's possible.

The incubation period for this new strain is about five
years, during which time the patient feels completely
healthy. When the new virus finally surfaces, it is far more
virulent, faster acting and capable of being transmitted
through casual contact. It will bear little resemblance to the
original virus and will thus be nearly impossible to trace.
This is part of Pentex's "Omega Plan." Five years after the

initial "cure" is released, the world will face an epidemic of

unbelievable proportions. This, along with other factors,

will create an End Times milieu perfect for the genesis of

the Omega Plan's second phase. The AIDS plan has no

supernatural component to it; it is based purely on science.
© New Fomor Powers:

PANACEA has developed several new fomor powers,
some of which are possessed by the fomor guards here.

Acidic Touch: The fomor's skin excretes a caustic,
gelatinous substance that adds two extra dice of aggravated
damage to any physical attacks involving touch. This
power could be particularly damaging in tandem with
Mega-Strength and Plasmic Form.

Alacrity: This is a limited version of the vampire Disci-
pline Celerity. It allows the fomor to take one extra action
per turn, as if he spent one Rage point. This ability costs one
Willpower point per use. Its advantage to Pentex is that,
because the fomor does not rely on Rage for extra actions,
the berserker mentality does not have to be engineered into
the fomor. This makes it easier to control in battle.

Death to the Dead: This power is a byproduct of
PANACEA's AIDS research. It functions exactly like the
fomor power Infectious Touch, but it works against the

Health Level per week, diarieyy which time the victim feels
miserable. Hines hopes to test this power against Persephone.
© The Berserker Serum (a.k.a. "Super Serum"):

This serum is still in an experimental phase and has only
been used a few times. The usual method of injection (as
seen in the Buck Racer comic, below) is viaa painless air jet
directly into the carotid artery. In a matter of seconds, the
recipient is overwhelmed by a raging bloodlust similar to a
vampire's frenzy. The recipient's Physical Traits are greatly
increased (Strength +4, Dexterity +1, Stamina +3). The
berserker does not take the usual wound penalties when
injured, enabling him to fight effectively until he is killed.
Berserkers can still effectively use weapons, even to the
extent of reloading guns, and are capable of rudimentary
strategy.

Pentex assumes that all users of the serum will be on the
same side (its). Its scientists have added a strong phero-
mone-inducing agent that causes an aversion response in
others using the drug — thus, two people using the serum
will not attack each other. The drug suppresses the speech
centers of the brain, rendering the user mute for about an
hour after taking it.

The frenzy lasts about 15-20 minutes. After the serum
wears off, Pentex convinces the exhausted and confused
survivors that it was really a great experience (surrepti-
tiously removing the bodies of any dead comrades, of
course).

Storyteller Information Il

—_—~a

———


Seer rere eran ear eenn naren se ve er a remem)

The injectors that emit the serum also contain a radio
transmitter. This alerts Pentex security that the drug has
been used, allowing the corporation to send investigators,
reinforcements, damage control teams, etc.

First-time users of this drug must score a single success on
aStamina roll (difficulty 7) or die of heart failure as the drug
wears off (Garou automatically switch to Crinos form and
thus roll their adjusted Stamina). The difficulty increases
by one with each subsequent use until it reaches a difficulty
of 10. After this, the number of successes needed to survive
increases by one per use.

Pentex calls this "better living through chemistry." The
drug has no effect, beneficial or otherwise, on Kindred.

¢ Experiment #4:

For years, the researchers at Mars Electronics (an elec-
tronics firm catering exclusively to the military; a subsidiary
of Nastrum Enterprises) have attempted to create the
perfect assassination weapon for use by the intelligence
community. Recently, they have succeeded beyond their
wildest dreams.

Experiment #4 was the brainchild of the company's
founder Cyrus Kurtz (now deceased). It was inspired by a
strange series of "dreams." These dreams were in fact
visitations from the Maeljin Incarna Doge Klypse (see
Book of the Wyrm). At his orders, the company captured
four musicians (three Garou Fianna and one Toreador) and
forced them to play. Their music was then subjected to
electronic manipulations in accordance with an arcane
mathematical formula supplied by Kurtz. The result was a
beautiful, unearthly sound that welled up from a rift torn in
the fabric of reality —a sound emanating from the Atrocity
Realm. In a matter of seconds, all of the employees in the
lab, as well as several passersby on the street outside, were
assaulted by a wave of sheer, insane terror. All died. The rift
collapsed upon itself and was resealed.

Pentex quickly cordoned off the area and sent people
inside. The only survivors were the Fianna and the Torea-
dor, who had been at the nexus of the rift. They were
completely insane.

Pentex has both a recording of the sound and some of
Cyrus' notes. From these, researchers have been able to
reconstruct the experiment and now need only an "anti-
dote" that will allow them to wield this devastating weapon
safely (earplugs are useless). Pentex hopes to use the weapon
to assassinate people "over the phone." Researchers have
had some success with neural blocking agents and are set to
start field-testing shortly.

The sound doesn't kill Kindred, but it drives them insane
(whether this is permanent or not is unknown). The truly
insane, living or undead, are completely immune to this
weapon. Pentex has decided that Experiment #4 is too good
to share with the military and is developing it for its own
purposes.

12 Monkeywrench! Pentex

ee ee ee ee aaa

Security Memo #A 212-93

This security memo and its accompanying transcript are
both printouts.

Pentex is being stalked. In the course of its dealings with
the Sabbat, and as a result of its penchant for (often
unfriendly) corporate takeovers, the corporation has un-
knowingly raised the curiosity of several powerful individuals
in the Camarilla (Ventrue) community. A vampire ,the
Ventrue elder Aeneas, has been assigned to investigate.

Aeneas has spent the last year probing Pentex's corpo-
rate structure and is now making several opening feints to
determine its power and methods of operation. To this end,
he has obtained the voluntary talents of a Glass Walker
Monkeywrencher named Max Stirner and the unwilling
services of two First Teams. The latter have been procured
through Aeneas' considerable powers of Presence and Domi-
nate. Additionally, he has turned several fomori and an
Iliad agent into his ghouls. These agents have limited
Fortitude and Potence in addition to their other powers.
Aeneas also has the service of several lower-generation
Ventrue and can depend on limited aid from the princes of
whatever cities he visits (if the prince is Ventrue).

Aeneas is still very much in the data-gathering stage of
his investigations and does not yet realize the true scope of
Pentex's operations, but he is learning fast. He has some
minor aptitude for Chimerstry and has used this to great
advantage in covering his tracks. He has employed a num-
ber of illusory guises, including that of the "woman"
mentioned by Spider Hardigan in his report (see the tran-
script).

Through Max Stirner, Aeneas has sent a number of false
orders allowing him to lead First Teams into his traps,
disrupt communications and cause Pentex other minor
inconveniences. He reports all of his findings to the
Camarilla.

Pentex, which has spent most of its time and resources
on defenses against the often unsubtle attacks of the Garou,
currently finds itself (at least thus far) ill prepared to
counter the subtlety of an immortal master tactician like
Aeneas. Like Aeneas, however, Pentex is adapting rapidly,
and the corporation can muster much vaster resources than
the vampire can. It is possible that the hunter may soon be
the hunted.

The alliance between Max and Aeneas may actually
hurt the cause of the Monkeywrenchers if the Garou
leadership were to find out — Aeneas, like most vampires,
is "of the Wyrm" in the eyes of Garou.

Aeneas: Aeneas was born in 1328 to a poor farming
community in Southern Greece. He grew up tending his
father's crops and was considered the pride of the town
because of his athletic prowess and great beauty. Indeed,
the latter caused some to jest that he was Adonis somehow
reborn, and attracted the attention of a powerful and
ancient local Toreador.


Aeneas was still a young man when the Black Death
swept through the region, killing many and marring many
others. Hearing of the plague, the aforementioned Torea-
dor rushed to the town, hoping to make Aeneas a vampire
and thereby preserve his beauty for eternity. But the Torea-
dor was too late: a Ventrue rival had beaten him to it. This
Ventrue had Embraced Aeneas to anger the Toreador, but
soon discovered that Aeneas had very good uses.

Aeneas excelled at Kindred politics and rose quickly (by
Ventrue standards) through the ranks, with the Toreador
elder as his ally. He now serves the Camarilla and his clan
as an Archon, and is one of the Camarilla Inner Circle's
most trusted agents.

He is a sixth-generation vampire and is correspondingly
powerful. He has high levels in Presence, Dominate, Auspex,
and Fortitude. He also possesses Celerity and Chimerstry.

Visually, Aeneas looks every bit the part of a young
Greek godling. He appears to be a tanned youth of 19 or 20
with long, curly, brown hair. He often dresses in fashions
worn by the current youth culture and looks like he would
be at home on any college campus. He is a potential ally
against Pentex and is comparatively benign — but he is also
a master manipulator and should be played as such.

Max Stirner: Max Stirner is an experienced
Monkeywrencher of the Glass Walker tribe and has suc-
cessfully been tweaking Pentex's nose for several years now.
Born in the Bronx, Max is equally adept in the Net or on the
streets. He has obtained Rank Three and was born under
the crescent moon. He is an excellent hacker. Stirner is a
slender African-American man in his early 30s. He usually
wears sunglasses and a leather jacket. He carries two .45
caliber pistols at all times.

Stirner has been working with Aeneas for a year now and
is, of course, wary of him, though he is also somewhat
overwhelmed by the force of his personality. If Aeneas finds
out about the characters and decides to initiate contact
with them, he will do so through Max.

Buck Racer Comic

The safe contains four pages of a comic book: "Buck
Racer of the First Corp." These are penciled pages for the
next issue.

More sophisticated Garou may laugh out loud when they
see the infantile nature of this blatant piece of Pentex
propaganda, but a second look reveals several salient and
chilling facts. The comic is only partially a propaganda
tool; it also serves as a training manual. Pentex has learned
much about its Garou foes — far more, in fact, than the
Garou have learned about Pentex, and the corporation has
made that knowledge available to its front-line troops in a
very precise and practical manner.

Most First Team soldiers are rapidly learning about
Garou tribes, auspices, powers and tactics from this simple
comic book. Several astute Monkeywrenchers have ob-
served that recently encountered First Teams seem quite

savvy about werewolf abilities, and they don't seem to break
rank as easily as they used to. This comic is part of the reason
why. In addition, the comic hints at things that may present
a long-term threat to the Garou.

Many First Teams now carry Bane fetishes
(PowerGoggles™) that allow them to see a Garou as he
negotiates the Gauntlet from the Umbra to the physical
world. Such detection is not too much of a danger for Garou
who are adept at stepping sideways quickly. However, itcan
be devastating to a low-Gnosis werewolf, who may well find
himself staring down the barrels of multiple, carefully
aimed rifles when he completes his five-minute journey
from the Umbra. Even the fastest Umbral shifters may find
that their foes have a fraction of a second longer to prepare,
and many First Team soldiers are now trained to jump at the
merest hint of an "Umbral shift."

If a Garou acquires one of these fetishes, it is possible
that, with time, a counterfetish might be created. The
Black Spiral Dancers have already developed their own
protections from this fetish, but their countermeasures are
Bane-related, and Gaia's Garou will have to develop their
own antidote.

The Storyteller should also note the following:

¢ The comic paints a fairly accurate physical portrait of
"kindly ol' Doc Zettler" (a.k.a. Harold Zettler), which may
eventually be of some use to Monkeywrenchers.

¢ There really is a Buck Racer. He is a member of
Pentex's Alpha Team. He is a sociopath in the truest sense
of the word, but he is an effective leader and quite charis-
matic. The Storyteller should feel free to give him whatever
Traits and strange abilities she deems appropriate.

© The Wendigo, Shadow Walker, has been marked for
termination by Pentex security, and Pentex has placed high
priority on his elimination. See the "Corporate Report" for
the reason why.

© The Super Serum (a.k.a. Berserker Serum) is real and
can be activated by First Team commanders. See "Hines'
Letter."

The comic and other artifacts (videos, Pentex-con-
trolled newspapers, etc.) found in the First Team's barracks
represent an incredibly potent propaganda tool. Pentex has
an army of soldiers who think exactly the way the corpora-
tion wants them to think. But the system is not foolproof.
First Teams have to be able to operate in the outside world
in order to perform efficiently, and the real world doesn't
always conform to the neat reality that Pentex has created
for its soldiers.

To this end, Pentex minimizes its soldiers' interaction
with the outside world (short missions, limited leave time,
etc.) in order to keep "corrupting influences" (i.e., the
truth) from gaining hold. Pentex, of course, indirectly
controls a considerable portion of the media, thus ensuring
that much of its propaganda reaches even its agents on
extended field missions. Also, most First Team agents are so
thoroughly indoctrinated that even the most convincing

Storyteller Information 13

a

ee

|


evidence will not shake their faith. Occasionally, however,
an operative remains in the field a bit too long and begins
to realize the true nature of her employers. Some of Pentex's
most deadly foes have been created in this way.

Second Floor

Despite the soft pastel hues of the walls and the cheerful
"homey touches" that predominate this floor, there can be
no doubt that it houses one of Pentex's vilest atrocities to
date.

The floor is mostly given over to hospital space, and a
number of the rooms are occupied. PANACEA has secretly
lured a number of people — AIDS patients — to this
location, promising a potential cure. The patients are from
many walks of life and have grown to trust the cheerful
nurses and humanitarian doctors who work the ward day
and night. The treatments are free; patients are told that
the tests are experimental and that there is a "small" danger
of side effects. But, of course, this means little to the truly
desperate.

Patients are allowed to come and go pretty much as they
please; the only stipulation is that they may not tell the
outside world about the hospital. If characters try to help
patients out of the hospital, the patients will most likely
view them as monsters and intruders. Ten to 15 patients
occupy the ward at any given time. More information on
the supposed "AIDS cure" can be found in the Storyteller
notes on "Hines' Letter."

First Floor

Much of the building's first floor is eerie and poorly lit.
The majority of the offices and labs resemble those of a
production facility, but the primary mission of this area is
actually research and development. Here, in the PANA-
CEA labs, many of Magadon's Bane-infested medicines are
given birth.

During the day, a crew of highly paid scientists works
hard to create everything from designer drugs for sale on the
street (Pentex is the primary force behind Colombia's Cali
drug cartel) to highly addictive, Bane-ridden, over-the-
counter pharmaceuticals.

At night, there is only a skeleton crew of maintenance
people, though an occasional devoted scientist burns the
midnight oil here. All of the employees are thoroughly
corrupted by the Wyrm and are completely aware of the
consequences of their work. Despite this, most of them are
humans and thus little threat to the characters (although
some employees carry guns loaded with silver bullets).

Many of the automated machines on the first floor are
also Bane-ridden. Machines here are imbued with a sinis-
ter, low animal cunning. Most of the time they will continue
performing their allotted tasks while letting intruders pass.
Only when one intruder is separated from his pack or when
the pack as a whole is fighting for its life will the machines

14
na

intervene. Forklifts will blindside struggling Garou; robot
arms will tear and grab; conveyor belts will start and stop,
abruptly dumping their surprised victims into automatic
shrink-wrapping machines capable of cocooning a Garou
in seconds. The machines down here are fully capable of
employing teamwork and rudimentary strategy.

In the blueprints, much of the floor space appears to be
clear of obstructions. However, as with most production
plants, the majority of the floor space is taken up with row
upon row of inventory stacked on pallets, reaching almost
to the ceiling (25 feet high). Because of this, visibility is
severely diminished and there are no vantage points from
which the characters can see the entire plant floor. The
plant defenders know the plant well and do not need such
vantage points. There are also security cameras, although
they are vulnerable to Garou manipulations (such as the
Gifts: Jam Technology or Control Complex Machines).

The Bane Antenna

On the roof of the complex is a silver-black, ovoid dish.
The Wyrm emanations from it are palpable even to the
most inexperienced Garou. This "Bane antenna" lures
lower-order Banes, traps them, and blasts them into great
vats on the first floor. Here, they are subjected toa scalding
chemical bath and a sorcerous matrix, allowing PANA-
CEA to blend them into pharmaceutical goods.

Most of Magadon's harmful drugs are of this nature;
Bane-related ingredients allow them to circumvent gov-
ernment health regulations, which do not cover "bad
mojo." All Magadon drugs are addictive to some degree,
and some of them are wildly hallucinogenic when taken in
large doses. Abusers often report seeing strange alien vistas
and horrifying creatures. What they are actually seeing is
the Umbra. Some long-time users have actually disap-
peared into the Umbra, never to be seen again. Most,
however, simply become deranged, antisocial and ulti-
mately psychotic, thus furthering the cause of the Wyrm.

The Basement Level

Much of the basement isa parking deck, though there are
not likely to be too many cars here. The rest of the basement
has been converted into barracks, or "dormitories" as Pentex
calls them.

There are segregated dorms for the fomori and the
human First Team members. Contact between the two
groups is kept, by edict, toa minimum; Hines is conducting
experiments with his fomor troops and has gained special
dispensation to segregate them. Most Pentex First Teams
are, of course, integrated.

The two sections are stunningly different, not only
because of the two groups' physiological differences (al-
though some fomori can pass for human) but also because
of the widely divergent philosophies involved in their
training.

Monkeywrench! Pentex

eimai -/

|


peer rere rere cree erence av an SP orem amaseremmeearenarehh

The Fomori

Between 15 and 20 fomori reside at this facility at any
given time. When fomori are first created, their goals and
desires are still basically human (though admittedly dis-
torted). Pentex tries to change this as quickly as possible.

To this end, many Pentex installations are currently in
the process of adopting the "Hines Plan." This psychologi-
cal/pharmacological process whittles away any remaining
human "weaknesses," such as kindness, remorse and empa-
thy. It then replaces these emotions and drives with a
cunning intelligence. While these fomori may appear hu-
man on the surface, they are monsters inside. Of course, this
process occasionally goes wrong, and the wayward fomor
has to be destroyed.

Most of these fomori were surgically created by Magadon
in the physical world, but a select few were created by the
same Seeder entity that "birthed" Hines (see Hines' de-
scription above). These fomori are the most powerful and
the most favored of Hines' minions.

The fomori's living quarters are a Gigeresque nightmare.
They are constructed like a giant ant farm, with numerous
pits and dead ends. The actual tunnels exceed the original
boundaries of the basement, and the fomori add to them all
the time.

The tunnels are not detailed in the blueprints, but they
begin where Bob Forthrite's fomor friend scrawled the
words, "We are here...and here."

Hines favors the fomori over his human guards and
supplies them with everything they need. There is no
furniture here, but there are numerous cubbyholes, extru-
sions from the floor, etc., which the fomori use instead. Not
all Pentex fomori live this way, but Pentex has had good
luck with Hines' methods and is using them more and more.

Hines has also installed hidden speakers throughout the
fomori quarters. From these, a barely audible musical score
continually issues. The music was especially composed to
divorce the fomori further from any residual weaknesses,
and its subliminal influence is compounded by the admin-
istration of various drugs.

If characters enter the tunnels, the Storyteller should
give the fomori a definite "home turf" advantage. Charac-
ters should be required to make several Perception +
Alertness rolls (difficulty 8). Failure means the character
becomes lost and disoriented and suffers a penalty of one or
more dice on all further Perception rolls while in the
tunnels.

Hines considers his fomori too valuable for the Berserker
Serum. All of the fomori at this plant are completely loyal
to Hines and will die to the last man (er, thing) to defend
him.

The average fomor's Traits are as follows:

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0 or 1

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 1

Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 1, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Occult 1

Powers: Each fomor has at least two powers.

Willpower: 4

Equipment: Assault rifle with one clip of silver ammu-
nition (by orders, usable only in emergencies)

Che Humans

While ostensibly there to "guard the installation against
the damned werewolves," the First Team here is also
charged with the mission of watching over Hines (whom
the First Team has nicknamed "Doc Frankenstein") and
curbing what many of the Board of Directors see as a
growing threat from Pentex's nonhuman contingent.

The human First Team is being maintained at PANA-
CEA against Hines' will. While he has railed against its
presence, he has not been able to get rid of or co-opt it
without raising the furor of the entire Board. The actual
dormitories are large, semi-spartan barracks housing 10
humans per unit (six units total). There is also an adjacent
training room and firing range. The barracks can hold up to
60 humans, but there are usually 40 or so in residence.

There is a strange dualism to the First Team stationed
here, which sets it apart from most other Pentex military
units. Like the members of many First Teams, the humans
here are continually bombarded with the usual Pentex
propaganda; all of the humans here are true zealots rallying
around the Pentex banner as though it were the Holy Grail.
They thrill to the monthly comic and television exploits of
their hero Buck Racer, and consider it the greatest of
honors to die for the Wyrm.

However...while they are here to guard an important
Pentex installation, they can't escape the fact that they are
in an enemy camp. Several humans have disappeared in the
last year, and the First Team suspects (rightly) that they
were killed by the fomor contingent. The humans only
leave their barracks in groups of four or more. They have
actually become quite ingenious at ensuring their own
security while also gaining intelligence on Hines' activi-
ties; they relay this to the Board through Persephone (to
whom they are particularly loyal).

Hines underestimates the humans badly and doesn't
suspect that they have dug several tunnels of their own. Nor
does he know that they have a secret radio transmitter,
which allows them to circumvent the phones he has bugged.
When not in use, the "Super Serum" is locked up to prevent
tampering by Hines.

The First Team follows a strict military code of discipline
and subscribes to an honor system. It exhibits an optimistic
"can-do" spirit, and while the ultimate philosophy its
members follow is repellent, there is something to be
admired here. The team is also loyal to Ben Stillson and
follows his orders enthusiastically. Stillson and the team

Storyteller Information 15

J a ———


Seer errs eran cre are ie ve er a res enarwrensenrenarv

commander are the only two who can activate the Ber-
serker Serum, and they will do so only if it is absolutely vital.

If Garou attack the plant, the human First Team will
defend it valiantly and viciously, but its members also seek
to settle some scores — in the dark, a fomor can look an
awful lot like a werewolf...

Despite all this, the Storyteller should resist turning
these humans into "good guys." They are minions of the
Wyrm, after all. Still, this is an ideal opportunity to blur the
usual black-and-white divisions between good and evil,
thus creating moral dilemmas for the characters. Nothing
confuses a Get of Fenris warrior more than seeing one
minion of the Wyrm mowing down another and perhaps
saving his life in the meantime. This confusion is especially
compounded wi! the Wyrm creatures are exhibiting

1: Perception 3, Int
ts: Alertness 2, Bra'

ions. For instance, if
a Kinfolk) infiltrates
the memos may fall into her hands.
copies in Mr. Zygote's briefcase (see PANACEA: Third
Floor, above).

These memos are on Magadon, Inc. letterhead (PANA-
CEA is a subsidiary of Magadon). They are handed out
perhaps once every day to employees. Which version of the
memos is the truth is up to the Storyteller: is this just a
hacker trick, or is someone really impersonating Stillson?
(That "someone" may be a Glass Walker Monkeywrencher
with the Gift: Doppelganger; see Dossiers on Pentex Subchiefs:
Ben Stillson, above.)

A suggested order for their release is as follows:

Afternoon: From: Stillson, RE: Hoax II
¢ Day Four:
Morning: From: Davidson, RE: Imperson-
ator
Afternoon: From: Stillson, RE: Hoax solved! *
Afternoon: From: Davidson, RE: Imperson-

ator caught! *

* These last two are handed out simultaneously to
different employees throughout the office, dividing the
employees in loyalty.

Endron Environmental
Pamphlet

The Endron pamphlet is perforated for easy removal and
should be folded along the dotted lines as shown.

Like many companies with checkered pasts, Pentex's sub-
sidiaries churn out a neverending stream of commercials about

how benign they are. This propaganda takes many forms.
i icate: tif

Of the most immediate use is the name and face of
Endron's president Max Carson. He is highly placed at
Pentex but not easy to find. Also mentioned in the pam-
phlet are the names of three other Pentex subsidiaries: Gaia
Research (an "independent" research company hired by
many of Pentex's subsidiaries to bolster their claim of civic
responsibility); Good House Paper; and POW Comics,
which is a subsidiary of Vesuvius, Inc.

In addition, the characters should realize that the envi-
ronmental group, "Planet Fund," is a Pentex corporate
shill. Pentex made $35,000,000 in profits (donations) from
Planet Fund last year. The high-profile, well-funded "grass-

© Day One: es canes zi

. ; ' roots" organization siphons support from many more

Morning: From: Stillson, RE: New Equip- legitimate but less glitzy environmental groups.
ment The Storyteller should be aware that the foam used to
° Day Two: disperse the oil spill in Australia is actually a sort of
Morning: From: Davidson, RE: Alert! "obfuscate" for pollution. While seemingly breaking down
Afternoon: From: Stillson, RE: Hoax the oil into its "harmless natural components," it actually
© Day Three: catabolizes it into less visible but still highly damaging
Morning: From: Davidson, RE: Rogue ap- compounds. In addition, it contains a stimulant that in-
prehended creases aggressive behavior in animals tenfold — in effect,

16 Monkeywrench! Pentex

/

omeiaminieniiniaaiee <.


turning nature against itself. Australia was its first field test.
The tanker crash was, of course, by design.

The brochure was written by Carson himself, and some
of his superiors are angry about him naming other Pentex
subsidiaries so blatantly. The brochures are being rapidly
recalled. Some comfort may be taken from the fact that the
condescending tone of the pamphlet bespeaks an arrogance
that may someday fatally underestimate the "know-noth-
ing rubes" it scorns.

Wally's whereabouts are unknown.

Pentex Executive
Bulletin

The Fateful Meeting

In August of 1993, Pentex convened its annual sharehold-
ers meeting, this time in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The purposes
of this meeting were to inform in-the-know shareholders
about Pentex's annual progress on the Omega Plan and to
explain how the Garou problem was being dealt with.

All the shareholders know of Pentex and are aware, toa
limited degree, of the Wyrm (each one usually has knowl-
edge of one of the heads of the Hydra). Thus, the meeting
is one of the few times that Pentex frankly discusses its real
objectives.

In 1993, however, something went wrong. A Garou by
the name of Shadow Walker (see below) broke into the
meeting, using countermeasures given to him by
Monkeywrencher friends. Along with his small pack, he
managed to wound Harold Zettler and kill Elliot Meiche,
Robert Allred and Frederick Kromrich. Against all odds,
Shadow Walker and his pack then escaped without a trace.

The meeting was thrown into chaos, and only the
smooth and calming voice of Peter Culliford, Chairman of
the Board, was able to return the room to a semblance of
order. The wooden spear was removed from Zettler, and he
arose to help clean the stage of the bloody evidence. To
help coax the shareholders into some activity that would
take their minds off the loss, Culliford and Adrian Newberry
instituted immediate nominations to fill the now-empty
positions on the Board.

The shareholders, greedy for power, immediately forgot
the terrifying breach in security and set about wheeling,
dealing and threatening their way onto the Board. By the
end of the weekend, three new Board Members were
elected: Francesco, a Black Spiral Dancer; Enzo Giovanni,
a vampire; and Kathryn Mollett, a mortal.

Francesco

Francesco is a lupus Garou. Despite his glowing green
eyes and patchy, toxin-smeared fur, signs of his Pure Breed-
ing sometimes show through. Some among his adopted
tribe, the Black Spiral Dancers, believe he is a Silver Fang

by birth, but the truth may never be known. Abandoned to
the whim of the elements by his mother, Francesco sur-
vived feral and alone for most of his youth. Then came his
First Change. Alone and unguided, he learned to control
and even master his changing forms through sheer will.

After a time, Francesco chanced upon a Silver Fang Rite
of Passage ceremony. He watchedas the other cubs were put
through extremely difficult and dangerous trials. By mim-
icking the cubs step sideways, Francesco discovered how to
negotiate the Gauntlet. But Banes awaited on the other
side, slaughtering most of the Silver Fang cubs. Francesco
fled back to the material world.

At the end of the rite, one cub, the son of a great lord,
returned alive. Francesco, proud that he had also survived,
even by fleeing, walked into the middle of the ceremony
and said, "I, too, have survived the passage. I, too, killed the
bad ones". The Silver Fangs looked in awe upon this strange
cub who bore the marks of high breeding. But the other cub,
angered at this rival, challenged Francesco.

As the two readied to fight, a tribal elder, the teacher of the
young cub, stepped forth. "This new cub is of noble birth. Tell
us from which tribe and family you come." To this, Francesco
could not reply. "At least tell us the name of your mother, and
I will allow you to fight." Francesco said, "I was abandoned at
birth; I have neither name nor tribe." This caused a great stir
among the assemblage. The rival cub stepped forward and
exclaimed, "Go! It is not your place to challenge me, tribeless
wanderer!" Shunned, Francesco left the moot with great
bitterness. He swore a terrible oath that night: One day he
would enact vengeance on all Garou.

That same night, Abhorra ,Wyrm of Hatred, came to
Francesco's dreams in the guise of a radiant and terrible she-
wolf. Abhorra offered Francesco the power he needed to
extract his vengeance. When Francesco asked what she
wanted in return for this boon, she replied, "Only your
loyalty." To this, Francesco agreed.

Thus began Francesco's service to the Wyrm. The fol-
lowing night, he encountered a Black Spiral Dancer pack,
which had followed omens sent to it by Abhorra, and was
finally adopted into the company of other werewolves. The
first word he uttered after dancing the Black Spiral was
"Francesco," which became his name, as is customary. He
wonders, however, what this means. Over the years,
Francesco quickly rose in rank among the Black Spirals and
has led them to many victories. He has become a fierce and
infamous warrior.

In his service to Abhorra, Francesco attained a high
position in Pentex and was present at the fateful board
meeting where several Board Members were killed. Seizing
the opportunity, Francesco immediately nominated him-
self to fill one of the new vacancies. His nomination was
seconded and accepted. Setting into motion a massive
campaign of extortion, blackmail, kidnapping and bribery,
Francesco quickly became the forerunner for a board posi-
tion. Some of his more notable tactics were to enter the
dreams of shareholders, searching for dark secrets, then

Storyteller Information 17

Zl ———

tier //,


Ser rer ers are nen APY rm revere

buying their votes in exchange for keeping this information
private. Francesco dealt with another rival candidate, a
vampire, by sealing her in a lead coffin and dumping it in
the North Sea after "convincing" her to sign over all of her
shares to him. Similar attacks were made against him, but
all failed. In the end, he achieved his position on the board,
coming in second in number of votes.

Francesco's exploits did not go unnoticed by existing
Board Members. Harold Zettler was particularly impressed
by the cruelty of Francesco's actions and has since become
a staunch ally. However, the other Board Members are
shocked at the prospect of a Black Spiral sitting among
them. The combination of madness and rage is too unset-
tling for the boardroom, they argue. Most will wait and see
how well Francesco does; if he fails, or cannot control his
Garou nature, he may find himself in a fight against the
entire board — a fight he surely could not win.

Francesco, as with all who walk the Black Spiral, has a
derangement: he will only eat the fresh meat of astill-living
creature. He forces his pack to acquire his meals for him and
hopes his new position in Pentex will give him the neces-
sary resources to obtain some truly exquisite meals. Such
daily feasts have hardened him against the pain and suffer-
ing of others. Francesco has the unquestioned loyalty of his
Hive, all of whom now serve Abhorra.

He has taken over Robert Allred's holdings and is thus
responsible for the Amazon War effort. The board hopes
that Francesco's greater understanding of the Garou will
allow Pentex to succeed on that front.

Enzo Giovanni

Enzo Giovanni is a large figure of a man, standing 6' 2"
tall and weighing close to 300 pounds. His jovial counte-
nance often reminds those who meet him of a family
member: a favorite uncle or the like. He tries to look as
stylish as his large frame will allow. He appears to be in his
mid-to-late 30s, though he is truly much older, having been
Embraced in 1871 by the Giovanni clan. Despite being
Kindred, he has always had a very human look to him, with
a bright complexion and continually flushed cheeks. Of
late, however, he has begun to look more like the true
nature of the Damned: dead. This is because of the Wyrm
slowly pulling Enzo into its dark clutches.

Before being elected to Pentex's Board of Directors, Enzo
controlled a huge business conglomerate by the name of
Irish Eyes Enterprises, Ltd., based in London, England. It
owned many newspapers and other media sources in En-
gland and America, and had recently begun to acquire
numerous American retail store franchises such as S-Mart
and J. R. Spears.

Because of the great success of Irish Eyes and its subsid-
iary companies, the Giovanni thought that Enzo was the
perfect front-man for the campaign against Pentex. By
putting a Giovanni on the Board, the clan in Venice
thought, the interests of the Giovanni would be protected

18
i _——

from Pentex. Furthermore, the Giovanni could actually
begin to control Pentex by way of their voice on the Board.

Clan Giovanni's chance came in August, 1993, at the
fateful shareholders meeting. Joining the race for a board
seat, Enzo looked to be the dark horse candidate. Pentex
itself was no help, either. Pentex, wishing to keep any
Giovanni presence out of the company, engineered an
assassination attempt on Enzo. The attempt was made by a
Get of Fenris, whom Pentex had duped into believing that
Enzo was an agent of the Wyrm. Only through pure luck did
Enzo survive the attack, but he quickly found refuge with a
powerful vampire ally in Milwaukee.

Enzo quickly realized that he alone could not succeed in
his ambition. So, uncharacteristically, he allied himself
with two people upon whom he had once sought revenge
for past business injustices: Kathryn Mollett, CEO of Alli-
ance Industries; and Maximillian Toner, CEO of Ouroborous
Distributions.

Both Mollett and Toner were also running for the Board.
Mollett had an early lead in votes, with the industrial base
of Milwaukee backing her up. Toner was a dark horse
himself, but his support of Mollett was garnishing him votes
for the Board. Both Mollett and Toner had bested Enzo in
past dealings, and Enzo had vowed revenge on both of
them. Indeed, Enzo had begun to acquire many shares of
stock in Alliance Industries before his arrival, initiating a
hostile takeover of Mollett's flagship company. With Enzo's
hopes of getting on the Board in jeopardy, however, he
swallowed his pride and arranged a meeting with both of his
rivals. Enzo's plan: Forget the past and work together for the
future. There were three slots open on the Board, and they
could each fill one if they pooled their resources. Mollett,
eager to avoid a costly battle for her company, agreed under
the stipulation that Enzo stop his hostile takeover. Toner
agreed with no strings attached, needing votes almost as
badly as Enzo did. Through quick manipulations on Enzo's
part, all three agreed that Enzo would be the head of the
drive for the Board seats.

When news of the Giovanni-Mollett-Toner alliance
reached the rest of the shareholders, many votes began to
pour in forall of them. Enzo began a "grass-roots" campaign,
speaking in person with many shareholders of Pentex stock.
This campaign was very successful, acquiring many unde-
cided votes. Mollett solidified her lead, and Enzo shot up to
acomfortable second in the tabulations. Toner, however,
was not so fortunate, and still lagged near the bottom of the
votes. Reports of outright vote-buying grew as the race drew
to aclose. Toner, growing more and more dissatisfied with
his poor performance, threatened to pull out of the alliance.
Enzo, not wanting to lose his support, quickly struck a new
deal with Toner — near-controlling interest in Irish Eyes
would be given to him in exchange for the transferal of his
accumulated votes to Mollett and Enzo. This transfer
would almost guarantee their placement on the Board. To
Enzo's relief, Toner agreed, and waited to transfer his votes.

Monkeywrench! Pentex

ae ee


Vote-buying grew to monumental proportions near the
end of the election, and Mollett began to fall from the lead.
Enzo's "grass-roots" campaign kept him in the top three,
though he actually began to worry for his new ally. In yet
another uncharacteristic action, Enzo began to campaign
for Kathryn, hoping Toner's swing votes would secure his
edge. Mollett's nosedive reversed, and to even Enzo's amaze-
ment, she shot into a firm lead. Toner then treacherously
cast his entire vote pool for Mollett. This enraged Enzo, as
he dropped from the top three. With little time left, Enzo
had to react fast. He turned his "grass-roots" campaign into
a "mud-slinging" campaign, discrediting one of the biggest
buyers of votes. As the final votes were tallied, Enzo slipped
back into the top three, barely beating the nominee he had
tried to discredit. Enzo Giovanni claimed the third open
spot on Pentex's Board of Directors.

Pentex realized that there was not much it could do, for
Enzo had won the seat using every legitimate means pos-
sible. Nonetheless, the other Board Members knew that he
would be almost alone. Enzo's only ally on the Board was
Mollett. In time, they felt, the Wyrm would manifest itself
in Enzo, and Enzo would abandon his clan to serve the
Wyrm.

Indeed, Enzo shortly found himself succumbing to the
allure of the Wyrm. Mahsstrac, the Urge Wyrm of Power,
sensed the power-madness that drove Enzo, and began to
offer him greater power in exchange for his loyalty. Enzo,
eager to make an impact on the Board, agreed. The more
Enzo gave in to the Wyrm, the more power he acquired. As
this happened, however, his ties to his clan weakened. Irish
Eyes Enterprises was acquired by Pentex, all but cutting off
the Giovanni from a place in Pentex. Toner's control in
Irish Eyes was eliminated, which gave Enzo a great deal of
satisfaction. Enzo became more corrupt, abandoning his
true "folksy" nature and relying more and more on his
shrewd business acumen. Still, he was torn between his
loyalty to his clan and his growing servitude to the Urge.

At present, Enzo is almost completely subservient to
Mahsstrac. Enzo does not trust anyone on the Board, save
Kathryn Mollett. The Giovanni in Venice have not yet
branded Enzo a traitor, but most feel betrayed by Enzo's
neglect of the clan's agenda. For a while, Pentex ceased its
acquisitions of Giovanni businesses, but recently the rate of
acquisition has once again increased. The Giovanni are
totally unaware of Enzo's near-submission to the Urge
Wyrm, or of the Wyrm's domination of Pentex. Enzo
himself is unaware of the degree of the Wyrm's infestation;
he is almost completely consumed by his mad dash for
power (with the assistance of his "invisible friend"). Enzo
hasa shred of humanity left, and still feels something for his
brethren in Venice, but if they stand in his way much
longer, he will turn against them outright.

Enzo himself has noticed that the more he devotes
himself to Pentex's true goals, the more his personal power
grows. He has found that his talents in Necromancy, to
which he gave little thought before becoming part of

Pentex, have increased of their own volition. He has also
discovered an aptitude for the Thaumaturgical arts, which
pleases him to no end. He has began to test his new powers
on his prey, usually killing them in the test, and then using
Necromancy on them to test his powers further. For all he
knows, the more he serves Pentex, the more powerful he
becomes in all aspects of his unlife; this now directs his
agenda. Indeed, the Wyrm has all but completely suc-
ceeded in consuming his soul.

Enzo has taken over many of Elliot Meiche's concerns,
although much of Meiche's power base was divided among
the existing Board members. This leaves Enzo with less
power than many members, but the strong support of Enzo's
patron Urge compensates.

Kathryn Mollett

Atage 26, Kathryn is the youngest person ever to sit on the
Board of Directors — and the only female. Mollett entered
college at age 16 and quickly gained her Masters Degree in
Psychology. This young and uncompromising girl seemed to
have an intuitive understanding of other people and why they
do what they do. This served her well upon graduation, when
she entered the corporate world and quickly rose to become
CEO of Alliance Industries, a Pentex subsidiary. Kathryn's
intuition seemed uncanny to the existing Board, and all
wondered what was the source of her insight. In truth, Kathryn
was chosen by the Defiler Wyrm long ago to enact its plans.

The Defiler Wyrm has given Kathryn a deadly tactic: the
truth. She hasan occult ability to recognize the truth when she
hears it, and she never lies. By always telling the truth, Kathryn
never has to worry about enemies discovering her secrets —
she has nosecrets. The Board, being for the most part paranoid
old men, do not believe this, of course, and suspect that she is
wiser and more cunning than they first surmised. They are all
wary of her, continually trying to second-guess whatever she
says, to discern a double meaning behind her words. But there
is no secondary meaning; she is forthright in all she does.
Benjamin Rushing, servant of Pseulak, Urge Wyrm of Lies, is
especially nervous around her, and wants her destroyed.

Kathryn's unprecedented rise to power has taken its toll on
her. She is beginning to show gray hairs and crow's-feet, and
has developed an ulcer. These too-human problems disturb
her, especially at age 26. She wonders if her deal with the
Defiler Wyrm is not in some way causing a premature aging.
Perhaps it lied to her...

Shadow Walker

Shadow Walker, the valiant Garou who killed three
major Pentex executives, is a Wendigo Ragabash. He is an
unlikely terrorist. Normally opposed to such activities, he
was thrown into a rage when his pack was destroyed by a
Pentex-ordained wolf-hunting excursion in Alaska.

Joined by other Garou who had suffered similar losses,
Shadow Walker planned his revenge against the megacorp.
It was only by chance that he met with the WereHacker's
Monkeywrenchers. With their hacking expertise, he was

Storyteller Information 19

/ —_—

tier //,


Seer ere ern core neve ie ve emer ae res mrwrensenarenvh

able to gain just the right information needed to slip
through the Penumbra and bypass Pentex's security. With
the help of a Monkeywrencher's fetish, the guardian Banes
were thrown into confusion long enough for Shadow
Walker's gang to get in, do their deed, and get out.

This unprecedented success has greatly impressed the
Get of Fenris of the New York area, who have invited
Shadow Walker to be honored by them. The latest word is
that he has accepted. However, should Pentex hear of this,
and discover the time and place, it will throw everything it
has at the Get encampment, to enact its revenge.

Jn Conclusion

Pentex's influence is vast and growing. It is a world-
spanning shadow empire that ignores borders and buys
governments. Pentex is successful not only because of its
ruthlessness and Wyrm-spawned powers, but because it pro-
vides people with what they want. Pentex offers a higher living
standard in the form of numerous luxury goods and abundant
daily "essentials" (cars, entertainment, air conditioning, etc.).
Pentex has insinuated itself into every aspect of modern life.
It employs untold millions and gives generously to selected
charities, cultural events and causes on both sides of the
traditional liberal/conservative political equation. If Pentex
were to disappear overnight, there would be upheaval on Wall
Street and massive unemployment, despite the long-term
good that its destruction would bring.

Pentex knows all this and has mastered the art of public
relations. It knows that people react violently if they see their
property taken away. Pentex, through its control of the media,
has created an atmosphere in which it and its goods are part of
the blessed status quo (certain "talk radio" hosts are directly in
the service of Pseulak, the Urge Wyrm of Lies, and derive
much of their "talent" from him). Any assault on a Pentex
subsidiary is twisted in the public eye, becoming direct attack

on traditional values. Pentex uses inflammatory rhetoric to fan
anti-change sentiment into a roaring reactionary fire.

While Pentex by no means "owns" the legal system, it is
unparalleled at manipulating it; even the most damning direct
evidence aimed at Pentex in this venue is likely to fail. If
comered ina court of law, Pentex will merely throw the justice
system a bone (a "rogue" vice-president who was working on
his own, an overly enthusiastic aide, etc.) while continuing
business as usual under some other name.

Despite its weaknesses (and they are legion), Pentex has far
more strengths. Even if every contingency mentioned in this
book goes decisively against the corporation, and the forces of
Gaia win the battle, Pentex is still far better situated to win the
war. Only now, after many battles lost, havea few Garou— the
Monkeywrenchers in particular — begun to realize that a
major change, not just in tactics but in philosophy, is needed.
Humans vastly outnumber the Garou. Great and powerful
civilizations have been built, and the djinn of technology is
not about to return to the bottle from which it came. If the
Garou are ever to win, they must put behind them their
halcyon visions of a purely agrarian society where humans
lived in small sheep folds, fearing the night and the ravening
wolves just outside.

Many Monkeywrenchers advance the premise that if a
workable philosophy is to be adopted, it should fall somewhere
between the tenets of the Children of Gaia and those of the
survivalist Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers. Many
Monkeywrenchers are of the latter tribe (though by no means
are most Glass Walkers Monkeywrenchers).

Violence is, of course, a tool to be used against the Wyrm
and its minions, but the Monkeywrenchers' vision puts them
at odds with many of the ideologues in the Garou tribal
structure. Monkeywrenchers liken themselves to surgeons
cutting out a malignant tumor with a scalpel as opposed to
butchers chopping the patient to pieces with an axe. The days
of lashing out blindly are over, they argue. The time for precise,
methodical action is now.

Monkeywrenchers, though few in number and sometimes
inconsistent in philosophy, are nevertheless wide and varied
in membership, crossing traditional tribal lines. They are
pragmatists and idealists. They are flexible in their thinking
and are born coalition builders. They have even dared to make
tentative, secret overtures to select Kindred among the anarch
camps. Rumors posit alliances with Virtual Adept mages —a
powerful coalition indeed. Monkeywrenchers have gained
much from these initial alliances.

A Garou who decides to follow the Monkeywrenchers'
path will quickly discover that it is more of a philosophy than
an organization, though many Monkeywrenchers form tight
and disciplined coteries or cells. Monkeywrenchers are in
many ways a force betwixt and between. There are
Monkeywrenchers of many stripes. Some are warriors, some
are computer hackers and no small number of them are part-
time philosophers. The thing thatall of them have incommon,
though, is an instinctive hatred for the Wyrm and a definite
method to their seeming madness.

20 Monkeywrench! Pentex

as

Dice iaonn ili ¢/_

|


Kinain,

Blood of my blood. Salutations to you and your great sept. Greetings also from the Lady Carcassone, who wishes me to
convey her warmest regards. The news from here is not good. Disunity among the tribes continues to grow. The Get and
Red Talons are on the verge of open war. The Sabbat creatures grow bolder night by night, and the king's dementia grows
worse day by day. My own position has grown tenuous; I find myself alternately his closest confidant or his greatest foe.
Yesterday, he banished me. Today, I am to attend a feast in my honor. I relay only his most reasonable decrees to his subjects,
yet even these orders have stretched their credulity to the breaking point. I fear a revolt — if not from the Silver Fangs,
then certainly from the Shadow Lords, who are no longer circumspect in their criticisms of our tribe. Alas, I fear they may
be right. Do I speak treason, old friend? Perhaps. It is certainly a vanity that I feel 1 must share my musings on the subject
with someone. You are one of the few whom I can trust with my thoughts on this matter. Still, this letter must not become
a monument to an old wolf's Harano or a list of dilemmas over which you have no control. This is to be a letter of bold
purpose and, I hope, good counsel.

Recent events have lifted my eyes from the gloom of the local tribes' internecine bickering. Like the first Great White
Wolf, who for Mother Gaia battled the Darkness, they have illuminated what I am often all too eager to forget in the course
of my daily affairs: the Wyrm has not stood still while we have fought amongst ourselves. To me, the nature of its workings
in this sphere has suddenly become very clear. You have no doubt heard of the recent "terrorist attack" carried out against
a Pentex shareholders' meeting. In case you have not, I will explain: it was carried out by a mendicant Wendigo named
Shadow Walker. Three of the hated seven (though I believe there are more than seven) — Kromrich, Meiche and the
traitor Allred — have been confirmed as dead. Allred's death in particular has been cause for celebration by the Get of
Fenris; but more on this shortly.

Dramatic as these events were, they alone were not enough to force my eyes from the darkness, and here I come to the
heart of the matter. Documents have come into my possession, copies of which (the only copies) I now commend into your
hands. The source for most of these papers is an anruth Glass Walker who goes by the intriguing though somewhat crude
appellation of "WereHacker." I will not trouble you by relating the unsavory channels through which he chose to send these
documents; in truth, I was not the intended recipient. Many of the documents are vulgar and self-serving, and | must confess
that I find his obvious contempt for authority disturbing. Perhaps | am showing my age here. In any event, the young Garou
is most likely dead, and I find myself unable to think ill of him despite his obvious idiosyncrasies.

It would seem he is/was what the Cliath these days call a "Monkeywrencher"; I believe you keep company with several.
I am hard pressed to understand much of his writings, so steeped are they in the jargon of the youth culture; I can make
even less sense of the computer dialect which permeates the files. | have contemplated conferring with several local Garou
who are more competent in these matters than I, but suspicion and disloyalty have become such common companions to
this court that I have not dared. Gaia help me, | have become timid in my old age; it is the curse of the overcautious Philodox,
I suppose.

Enough. I have sent these documents to you in hopes that the distance you have put between yourself and here, as well
as your direct manner of dealing with the world, will allow you to make use of this information in a way I can not. The
WereHacker files shed heretofore unknown light on the doings of the Wyrm's mortal minions. In addition, I am enclosing
some of my own intelligence work, constructed from several sources (including some of the WereHacker files that were
partially destroyed when I received them). I pray that they will be of some use to you.

Finally, there is some good news to report. The Get of Fenris, as I have stated, were jubilant at the news of Robert Allred's
demise, even if it was at the claws of one of their Wendigo rivals. Evidently they have invited Shadow Walker to a Rite
of Accomplishment, and the latest news is that he has accepted. Perhaps there is some hope for us after all.

Please inform me if you can make use of the enclosed information. If not, I trust that, as always, I can depend on your
discretion and good judgment.

Respectfully,

us

Thomas A. Abbot
Steward of the Lodge of the Sun


Diogenes:

You weren't my first choice to give this ta,
and you're not the only one getting it. (NO
offense, you're alright and all, but some of my
people and some of your people really flame each
other. }

"Anyway, this is some hot stuff, IMHO, and some
of my friends died getting it. It needs to be
passed on to the Garou, and my channels are all
down. I'm trusting you to get it where it needs to
go - to either the Glass Walker Elite op somebody
else we all can trust. ;

And watch out! This stuff is poison!

| might see you again, but | wouldn't count on
it, Stay dead and healthy, and don't step on any
cockroaches!

- The WereHacker

PS: Sorry this is so huge. Some of the files
are in TIFF format. Sorry. They came from an
electronic document scanning & retrieval system
with a side door, but I-didn't have any decent OCR
software.


CRP PP BE heg ot [ESN oa tS Meany

Podl EE BECP NERS, Pei | oF Beers faa Lok? kaye O

Eo fs ae PR Pe Tefal fag Pods et ec eee ieee
Ch eee * haf Beoee fee NON i eer

Amiga and lesser computers welcome!

Enter number or name or ‘NEW

HH: 1101

PH: ARAKRK

Welcome, WereHacker!

~ Login @ 9600 bps on 02-10-94 15:11:21

Last on: 02-01-94 02:33:01

System News not updated since your last call.
Thought for the day:

Anarchy only works if everybody has a good time!

MAIN: >?
<<PenUmbra Sub-Boards>>
1: NOISE! (General Chat) 2 (SF age Eine
3: Real Computers (Amiga) 4: Other Computers
Cibm/Mac}.
5 : Classifieds e 6 : Wanted & For Sale/Trade
7: SF (Anime) 8 : SF (Everything Else)
9 ; Free Plugs (BBS Ads) 10: Games (Talk)
11: Games (online) 12: Cyber-Mondo Hyper-chat
MAIN: >13 :
Incorrect number, must be 1-12!
MAIN: 313
Incorrect number, must be 1-12!
MAIN: $13 ‘
Incorrect number, must be 1-12!
?>Horker

Password? >*### +k +k


fbibust!.LHA

freecal|.txt
kimble.true

kimble.txt
kimtruth. txt

norway ,txt

NYPOSS.zip
nzbust ,txt

PA_ACC. TAT
Pentexnos.!Izh

PYROGUID, TAT
sabeng.txt
subend! , txt
sysfa.txt

tu,txt

uruguay, txt
worldlis, lha

yellow_pages.txt

6k

2k
tk

5k
10k

Tk

138k
6k

ik
14k

150k

6k

11k
21k

tk
22k

36k. 3

A FBI and SPA bust on some
dude. CINTE®

Call free via Spain

Truth about Kimble * Pirate
Circle *

another text about this Kimble
truth about this fucker KINBLE

‘who's sabotaging the modem scene

Many Norway elite boards got
busted

Ny-area possibles. NO faxez!
do not call Thrill Kill Kult HQ
in Ne!

ad ‘for cool BBS

Access numbers for Pentex (7)
let me know what you find out!
Everything you need to go into
"business" for yourself

Sabine

CRACK INC is dead...

how to make your own PBA

Hack cable to get all the
channels. :

BB over Uruguay

World HQ Boardlist * Pirate
Gincle."*

Text about BlueBoxing

26 files listed.
Command?

od

Download -

File(s) to download? [wildcards ok]

>child*.*

Searching all directories.

Directory : Library 10 -- Anarchy Philz
Filename : child's_garden, lha


THIS PHILE PASSED THROUGH:

THE ONLY

fe Nee tN A eee BBS

Ae thee NE fp ei Le NG

é meets NICE. PN ofA/ SSA EVER
‘ NAN Mes ehh NEED

ESL tN meee fen OP gee BN ek

PS heat ING FBI ih Pe fone took
Pe aaah ee eee At SEN Eel oo ee ul
Nae Nae ee Noe? NES RES

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE TO DISCRETE, ELITE BOARDS
ANNOUNCING SECOND ANNUAL EaRthFisT! EarthFest !
EaRthFisT!, THE extremist ecoaction group, and
the Boy area Green Phreax, proudly announce the
second annua! EarthFest!, to be held in Redwood
Park,

Ecoextremists, ecoterrorists and ecohackers
welcome, :

Bean dip will be provided for the inevitable
spies. ‘

For more information, leave e-mail for Scuttlebutt

where you gat this file.


Ge fs FP ee A # Doe PIN Gea Ee Pay
CEE PL ELSES Pet fot beg pel el iot fat hoe O
fe hits. Capa ee hed, Lhe hal afta fobs i fae of eek OX
I fi Bias SE SG gh igh find fii} EES SAE gies fF sal So Sat.

Amiga and lesser computers welcome!

Enter number or name or ‘NEW'

NN; 1101

PU: RAARAS

Welcome, WereHacker!

Login @ 9600 bps on 01-10-94 23:11:01

Last on: 01-06-94 22:24:00

System News not updated since your last call,
Command?

>N :

Libraries? [1-22 or RETURN for all]

>10

New File Listing: Library 10 -- Anarchy Philz
(Ctpl-S to pause, Ctrl-Q to continue)

File Size Description
2600bust . txt 2 11k another bust,txt
alldec.txt bk Satellite Codes JAN 94
3 WW ZARD/SUNCARD
area_codes.LHA 8k * "world area codes: know where b4
_ you call!.
attglobl txt 42k AT&T Global Efforts Text
attica.txt 17k AT&T Text
attsec, txt 14k AT&T Security
attyvod. txt Fak? AT&T Text
bbbeeps. txt tikes another Blueboxwarning.,. [TRAX]
boxtodie.txt 6k British blueboxing will die!
bt_call.txt Ok british telenog ate te
nen ~ possible —
child's garden. Ihattk Neo Primer, Fight lamer-itis &

Be erend: it!


Ba ag THE ONLY.

ef 4 IN / LAP aN BES
: SINE Fs MOU

REM Ne
a NA


Sunday 2? FEB 1994 - Sunburst run post-mortem
Coordinator:

Rough Beast

Attendees:

WereHacker

Crismus Bonus

People Eater

O.Natrix

*The Door is LOCKED*

*"Do Not Disturb" sign is ON*

[Rough Beast]: Okay, let's start this off. What
went wrong last night?

[People Eater]: I'1l tell you what happened. We
got our asses kicked. Those guys know about the
Umbra!

[Crismus Bonus]: Apparently they do. So they've
probably got a traitor working for them,

[Rough Beast]: Wait, wait, start from the
beginning, please.

[WereHacker]: Okay. | found out that the ginks
knew. about the stuff their computers were doing
That was when | told you guys.

[Rough Beast]: And we all decided to go after
them. i :

[D.Natrix]: We may have tipped them off by using
_theip credit card number to buy the equipment.
[Crismus Bonus]: No, I'l! guarantee they didn't.
Their account wasn't even billed until today. Onl
the credit card companies computers knew about it
[Rough Beast]: Okay, so we loaded up and went in,
Sideways. And they were waiting for us. Pe inte
[WereHacker]: | told you we should have come in
through the Glass Walker Realm.


[Rough Beast]: But there didn't seem to be much of
that around, did there? Kind of odd for a high-
tech factory.

[D.Nateix]: What was all that other shit? Weaver?
[Rough Beast ]: | thought we agreed it was at the
time. $
(0. Natrixh:: "Yeah, but it didn' t seem like any
Weaver fram 1'VE ever ‘seen: s
(D,Natrix]: (Sorry, fram= frame above)

[Cri smus Bonus]: oe it have been. tainted

Then we were sides: and those
"expect ing us. | swear | even think
Y we >xp cting us to come from the Umbra.
[0,Natr x] ‘ho silver bullets? :
[Crismus Bor | can't figure that out either.

Why set then Hers if they aren't going to be able

to stop us?

[Rough Beast]: Okay, once we were past the: guards
and into the complex proper, what happened? -

[D. Natrix]: We were OK for a wna SH The equipment
worked anyway. ‘

[Here ker]: So we blew up some ‘stuff. Then when

we got where we were headed, the. office was" te
Foot "tho

[People Eater]: Still typing one-handed, but it's
getting better.

[WereHacker]: He's used to it! }

[Rough Beast]: So what were those things? Toxic
waste elementals?

[O.Natrix]: Garbage spirits?

[WereHacker]: I've got Aristotle working on
it...maybe we'll know soon. Whatever they are, |
hope there's like a +1 weapon against them or
something.

[Crismus Bonus]: Yeoh: Sword +1, +2 versus
animated microchips and toxic wraiths.

[Rough Beast]; Back on topic: we smashed up a pile
of high-tech trash, reinforcement arrived, and we
exercised the better part of valor,

[People Eater]: Thanks for that, Jil. Good going.
[WereHocker]: Yeah, thanks.

[O.Natrix]: Seemed like a good idea at the time
(shrug).

[Rough Beast]: So what do you think, do we wait
for it to cool down or try again right away?
**The Missing Sysop is here.

[The Missing Sysop]: Everybody log off now!
Someone's trying to break in my house--shutdoun
now! Cops or]|$

NO CARRIER


|
|
i
|
i
}
|
|
|
i
|
|
|

|
|
1

some of i

An Eco-Hacker's Manifesto
By The WereHacker
What we're talking about is War.

Its not a case of you or me, or even us or
Them. It's Everything against Nothing. Gaia is
sick - some of you know how sick.

When | was 13, a Change came over me. (And
neither of the ones most of you are thinking.) |
was watching TU- after a long night of burn-in
mode,

|'m almost ashamed to admit it, but the
"PlanetMan Eco-Hour" was on, and something about
the fatigue poisons and the blood-caffeine level
falling dangerously low made one thing this
chrome-plated, badly animated jock said get
through.

That night, instead of buying myself a new
mail-order fax modem, | cash-advanced every penny
of James Watt's credit cards and gave the money to
Greenpeace.

lt was the most fun |'d ever fon

But as an experiment, it was a failure, The
banks "noted" the error after both parties came
screaming to them, and | guess they got everything
straightened out.

Then a few more Changes haguened in my life,
and | discovered other folks who had as much of a
stake in the world as | did, and were dedicated
enough to fight for it. :

We've gotten better at it now, and | just. wan
to pass along some of what we've learned. Even put
"straight in my mind so | can see it,

Anyway, | edhe 1 Sy Disclaimer, disclaimer:
all this: ntertainment purposes. only. Don't
ups this. SAE Soe

our mom's head.


Something, right? You jump the guy, op grab
the gun. Or negotiate, or bluff, or shoot first,
op pray.

But you wouldn't do nothing, right? Well I've
got news for you. That's just what you're doing.

Because there is a gun at your mom's head -
and a sniper in the window, a slow-acting poison
in her stomach. She's Gaia, and she needs you.

Worse than ever, Those geeks supposed to be
taking care of her are in bed with those that're
killing her. You can't TRUST anybody to OO THE JOB
FOR YOu!

You act, now! NOW! Make plans if you must, but
ACT ON THEM! These guys are PROVEN KILLERS.
They've EXTERMINATED whole species. The NAZIS just
TRIED that! And so far, a lot more species have
died than corporations. But you can change that.

The Corporation is the fiercest beast anyone
has ever tried to hunt. Its hide is nearly
impervious, and like Smaug, it has only a certain
place where its armor is thin.

There are basically five ways to hurt the
Corporations: :

1, Cost them Money
. Cost them Time
. Hurt their Reputation
. Free their Information
. Deprive them of Resources

Now, anyone can do any of these things, and
should, but YOU are ELITE (:0)! You can do shit
that'll make their hair fall out!

Let's see what we can do if we try:

1. Cost. them Money

Corporations are really sensitive to the
bottom line, but you have to be able ta rea Ty
sting them. A really huge corporation like Pentex
will just use it as an excuse to pay less taxes.

on sb w& fh


How you can help:

lf losing money doesn't hurt them, it can helf
you. Stiff them with the bill. My stunt with the
credit cards was really shortsighted, but fueling
the underground with the treasury of the
oppressors is an old and noble tradition. Just
don't steal anything that'!!! be missed too soon op
leave a trail, Remember though, with Pentex it
isn't about the money, Money is a means to them,
not an end. Most companies, if you could show them
how to create their widgets for the same price
without harming the environment, would jump at the
chance, because despite all Pentex has tried to do
our word is getting out. Hurting Ma Nature isn't
as cheap and easy as it used ta be, With Pentex,
though, they'd keep dumping their poisons even if
they had to go broke doing it. Never forget that
these guys are religious nuts. and if the Wyrm told
them to take a running jump off a cliff they'd
have theim Reeboks on in no time.

2. Cost them Time

More important to most of these corps is time,
This is good, ‘cause by costing them time, you buy
time for Gaia, Makes it particularly effective,

How you can help:

Communications can be rerouted - try one of
those 900 phone-sex numbers instead of Toxitech
Security, Orders can get lost in e-mail,
misaddressed in the printing center, or lost in a
network erash, Time seems to be particularly
precious to Pentex, They're obviously working from
some master plan to rule the world, and anything
that you can do to put the brakes on is going to
send them ing. Time is on their side right
now, and | ga lot of our guys are


3, Hurt their Reputation

The best place to strike at many public corps
but useless in some cases. Sometimes they'l! just
close' up & peopen under another name. But if you
have q real shovelful of hot, steaming proof, you
can peally get some people fired up. Even better
if you can get some religious fanatics going -
look at what happened to Proctor & Gamble with
‘their man-in-the-moon logo op when OmniTY had to
fess up to owning Slaughterhouse Video last year.
They're still being hurt by that boycott organizec
by Fathers Against Degeneracy. Pentex doesn't
underestimate the importance of public opinion anc
neither should you. :

How you can help:

Find out what they're up to and make it as
public as possible. (Internet is good; CNN is
better). But you gotta be careful, ‘cause people
will swing the other way and have sympathy for
them if you blow it. A good sense of humor helps
here; if there's one thing a globe-spanning
conspiracy hates it's to be made fools of. Some of
their corporate ‘heads are public figures and make
real good targets for this kind of attack. If you
can't find any real evidence, feel free ta
manufacture some, These guys don't play according
to Hoyle so don't feel too guilty when they ery ir
public. Bill Sweely, the President of O'Tolley's,
-i3 particularly open to this kind of attack. If
you've seen the ad he's in with the kids and the
elephant suit you know exactly what | mean,

4. Free their Information

The more I've been doing this, the more I'ue.
found that world- -destraying corporate "type 1 Fae
be information-imprisoning types, They: hoarc the

anly thing they can't destroy, While this ean be ¢
part of a reputation-attack, it can al
its own, You find the most boring stuf n Top


| :

gee'
Wee

Secret files, but it really jerks their
chains to see it written on the bathroom wall.
How you can help:
Give proprietary information to the groups
most opposed. to the company' 8 activities, Think
how efficient tree-spiking can be if you have the
timber company' S.Cat aban oe ee ee ‘ Soden,
Publish their passwords. Name tHelp Names. oe eee: a
SW ‘Deprive them of Resources
What they' ire a to Gat ae only you do it to

<

ek. . ee pain tags)
oe Pi pt thei eras

oN T TALK ABOUT IT Ne OR pee ust oC
IT WHILE YOU STILL. CAN! oe Beh
- WereHacker

Ns. Goodwrench's Guide to Monkeywrenching:

When pouring water into electrical appliances
use salt water, not pure water. It is much more
conductive, and corrodes better in the long run.

When cutting phone or fiber optic lines, cut
section of wire and take with you. This makes it
much harder to fix, (Otherwise, they can just
splice it.)

Remember to wear rubber gloves whenever you
work with electricity, The scream of a fried
NMonkeywrencher is just as much of a giveaway as an
alarm siren.

Don't use explosives in the sewers -- methane
gas may cause a bigger bang than you intend, Or
maybe not...

When putting sand in crankcases, be extra
careful to clean up ground the hole. Sand won't do
much unless the engine is started, which means the
operator mustn't suspect anything.

Those "taser" zappers work even better on
computers and other electronic devices than they
do on people. New cars all have computers...

Put brown paint on tree spikes, to avoid that
tell-tale metallic glint. No aerosols, please,

Use lacquer thinner in a gas tank for
temporary, hard-to-trace engine. trouble. Karo
syrup makes for a permanent fix. Transmission
fluid in brake lines does a, good, convincing
‘breakdown over a period of days.

That's all for this month. See you after the
new moon, and happy sabotage!

Got a Monkeywrenching tip to share? Send it.
care of Ms, Goodwrench, care of the BBS where you
got this file. Fae


eT eee

ne ee

Category 23: Clipper Alert!

The Clipper security/encryption chip will
incorporate a backdoor to allow the NSA and other
"authorized" government agencies to bypass its
security. Rumors persist that another backdoor
exists, one that can only be exploited by the
chips's designers. The company making the Clippe
chip denies these rumors. sain do ee think?

2 New Nessages.

Message #211 on pacer

i A oe can't go within ten feet" of
he gets arrested. Hope he didn't
7 the can. BTW, the- courts never

into the phone Vines. Betcha he' 2 saving up.



sBILSITIVEVIN Hel so
TVWNOILLWNeIFLNI

4nd @10 sjonpo:

LVLV-SSS-00Z-1
wedjeH Py

np ep hp

SOAILOJUSSO1Gd] SOLSI|FOGOUMOUd JOUOIJOWS}U] ODO] INOA

‘UOILOO
-IPOW JO UOLJPOISIUIWPD SBuUNs-BHuo| ul DUOM Su PE] SOY dj]
‘USU SOUIS ‘SOLOS JOLOS[UI-9E|S S$}! DSONPO4U! ("P4] ‘SeUOS
-SODOY DJS USUJ) SOISI|JOGOUMOUd |OUOHOUWS}U] 8g | UI

SOLSITIVEWN WHd yyy
IVNOUVWNAALNI


‘POPSSU S| SSUBO!| SUUDSIIJ OIFOWWOJND OU SUDEW SE|JOoe{o1d
Uf JO SINJOU OUY JOA ‘PUODAS JOed Q| Of dN seyo1 JO sayyoefoud
JOAIIOP Of POLOWWOIND ‘LWSJSAS UOIUNLULUD Ssejesoo SLUDS SU Ses),

"SIOJOLW OZ Of dN seBun! JO Walshs AeAep
IQDI|OJ JOA JOOdWODS D JOJOS[U! SulJ-PIdOI sIUy SEHD (S}E1]ed JUD]
-ledoid pljos payjuBb! Ajjoo4yOa}9) ABojOUYdE} UOIUNUWUWUID ssejesoD,

‘eBuUD asojo JO ABAIIEP |OIWUENbes JO snoSeUD}
-|NUUIS JO} SOIJOOlOId OMY sEPJOY JOYOUND] sOB-pesseidWOd |NeMOod

V7 ,Pl-d |
ce

q Lt
swajshs AISAIlOg

‘JEsn-PUs Ey! Aq PeunjoHojnuOW
JO AlOJODJ INO WOM PSl@P1O eq ADW SPO} WOIsND

€dd

, JOSE}, PJ@y-PuDY D Jo Jndjno

OU} SEPSSOXE SHDIJOA PSIOAIIoq ‘HULU Giojyeq Isn{ ein
-POW YOOYD-Old JOUOIWdO aU AG PEeBUNYO $I JOJOOdDS
Aojeudoid 0 YUM EIJ0EfO1d aiqosodsip ‘1yBlemyyu6Nq

2}

‘MBAISP |QDI|e1 104 PINbI|
PeZUNsseld JO 90Z snoseueb D spjoy eHbuyAs ejqnosodsiq


Although the Fahrenheit family are
members of the Main Street Baptist
Church, and they encourage memo-
rial donations to the church, funeral
services will be held at St. Brigid's
on Thursday.


Dossiers on Pentex Subchiefs:

Harold B. Hines:
President: Magadon, Inc.
Age: 45

* Little is known of Hines' origins. He is a graduate of
Princeton University and is known to have extensive training
in chemistry and biotechnology. He is fluent in German and
Japanese.

* He has had five wives, all of whom died under mysterious
circumstances. He is currently married again; his wife travels
with him. He has no children.

* His life was reported as a rags-to-riches story in Fortune
Magazine, and he has been listed in their Top 20 richest list for
the last three years. His estimated worth is 5.7 billion dollars.

* He is believed to be intimately involved in the creation of
fomori and is known to utilize them as guards.

* He maintains numerous mansions around the world. All
have a high security profile. His travel schedule conforms to no
set pattern. He affects the air of a liberal academic but is what
the press has dubbed a "conservative progressive."

* Capabilities: He has exhibited no supernatural, Wyrm-
related powers but, as stated, he is a brilliant scientist. He is
also an amateur pilot.

Ben Stillson:
Chief Corporate Security Officer: Magadon
Age: 51

* Stillson is a former Green Beret and a veteran of the Viet-
nam War. He is thought to have connections with the CIA.

* Stillson started working for Pentex under the aegis of
Nostrum Defense Enterprises in the mid-'70s. He was well
connected and active politically throughout the '80s, but has
since maintained a low profile. He has no known home
address.

* Capabilities: He is a black belt in karate and an unparalleled
expert in both personal and tactical weaponry. Wyrm-con-
ferred abilities are suspected but not confirmed.


Persephone Tar-Anis:
North American Security Chief: Pentex

Age: Immortal/unknown. Intelligence has her first surfacing in
France, 1943.

* She has been with Pentex since at least the late ‘50s and
seems most closely affiliated with Tellus and Sunburst Enter-
prises.

* She travels extensively and is hard to track. There is strong
evidence to suggest that she masterminded the debacle with
the Uktena in Nevada last year. She has exhibited psychotic
tendencies. She is known to travel in the company of Black
Spiral Dancers.

* Capabilities: She is clearly one of the unliving and must be
assumed to possess all the abilities attributed to her species.
Her sensory abilities are demonstrably above even our stan-
dards, and she is believed to carry Wyrm fetishes of consider-
able but undetermined power.

Max Carson:
President: Endron International
Age: 55

* Much of Carson's life is public record. After dropping out of
high school, he went to work for Endron as a salesman in 1954.
He has never married.

* After rising rapidly through the ranks, it is believed he was
corrupted by the Wyrm in 1963 while observing drilling
operations in Alaska.

* Carson has a mansion outside Dallas, Texas but is rarely in
residence.

* Capabilities: Carson has not openly exhibited any abilities
which could be termed supernatural, but given his high status
it is reasonable to assume that he has some. He is known to
employ Black Spirals as guards.

TELLUS ENTERPRISES

Mr. Harold B. Hines
President, Magadon International

Dear Harry:

By now you have met William Zygote. I hope his unexpected appearance in your office on Friday
did not alarm you, but given the current state of affairs, 1 am sure you will agree that it was best he
arrived unannounced. He will be at your facility for the next week to review your financial records. I
am sure that you will render him all due cooperation and that we will have this little problem of "cash
flow" resolved in no time. I apologize in advance for any inconvenience Zygote may cause you, but
he is trained to be unobtrusive and Zettler insisted that he was the only man for the job. If you have
any concerns on this matter, I encourage you to call either Zettler or me any time of night.

Congratulations! I understand from Zygote that you have cured AIDS again. I am absolutely dying
to see the results of your latest treatment. Another five years of similar triumphs and we should be
ready to go public. Tell Stillson that Experiment #4 is ahead of schedule and that Phase One testing will
begin in June. Please assure him that his hacker doppelganger will not trouble him again.

On to the more serious matter of the two Magadon facilities which were broken into last month. On
both occasions there were serious breaches of security which have caused a good deal of consternation
among the Board of Directors. We have reviewed Security Memo A-2112-93 as you requested and
concur with you that the intruder is Kindred and most likely a Camarilla agent of the Ventrue, Tremere,
or possibly even Toreador clan. This is your problem, and we expect you to deal with it immediately.
If you cannot handle your own security, then I will be forced to call in additional First Teams. I do not
think I need to elaborate.

Because you demanded it! Our good friends at Vesuvius Comics™ have just finished penciling the
latest Buck Racer epic according to our new guidelines. You will note that we have simplified the layout
toa standard six panels per page, which we feel is more conducive to the conformity we wish to inspire
in our teams. We feel we have finally established the right violence / propaganda/ simplicity mixture
with the last few issues, but, as always, we need feedback. Letters to the Editor have fallen off over the
last few months; we regard this to be an unacceptable situation. Please inform your men that there will
be a $2,000 bonus for the most loyal letter written this month.

Our analysts have charted several new psychological problems arising among First Team members.
These include, in some instances, suicidal depression and a growing inability to interact with the
outside world when they are required to do so. New Psycho/Pharma treatments are being developed
to deal with these problems. Until then, continue to indoctrinate them with the corporate /religious
process outlined in directive #3-57 B. As always, we will endow the men with an ample supply of video
entertainment and Pentex news briefings.

Well, [have to go hit the Rack, soI sign off by wishing you and your wife best wishes for the holidays.
Lov XX,

Pesephont

P.S.: Don't think you're safe hiding behind Ben Rushing anymore. You're not.
P.P.S.: Send my love to the children.

FAGADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

Ms. Persephone Tar-Anis
Chief of Security

Special Projects Division
Dear Ms. Tar-Anis:

I was both surprised and delighted to receive your emissary Mr. Zygote, and am placing my response
to your considerate missive in his hands to demonstrate my most sincere desire to assist him in the course
of his investigation, wherever it may lead. I assure you that if there is any impropriety whatsoever in the
financial transactions of this office, the culprit will be found and dealt with appropriately. Zygote has
indeed been both discreet and professional as you indicated he would be; he is a tribute to your division.

Because you have expressed an interest in several of the projects currently underway here, I am pleased
to take this chance to bring you up to date on several of the more exciting opportunities that will be
opening doors for Magadon well into the 21st century.

We are both honored and proud to be involved with Experiment #4, no matter how peripherally, and
are working day and night to formulate the neurological defenses necessary for the safe implementation
of the Phase One field tests next spring. Please assure our partners at Nostrum as well as Mr. Zettler that
Magadon will not let them down. I will be sending a full report shortly, but the big news is that we have
broken the 1.5% survival barrier. Incidentally, my own security sources have given me some information
ona small Fianna "sept" whose territory is not far from one of our plants. If you are interested in any
additional musical talent, let me know. I think something can be arranged.

Thank you very much for your congratulations on our latest AIDS cure. Our own studies indicate
strongly that we will be capable of going public in three years (medically speaking), not five. But, as
always, we are dedicated to strict adherence to the Omega Plan timetable. An unexpected but welcome
side product in our AIDS research has been several new permutations in our Iliad template. I would be
pleased if you could visit in person to observe these new changes. With all modesty, they have to be seen
to be believed.

We are continuing research into the "berserker serum" as requested. Our latest battery of tests have
us at a 76% survival rate for first usage. This is considerably better than last year's rate, though,
unfortunately, the effects still seem to be cumulative, with the survival rate dropping to 25% with the
second dose and plummeting exponentially thereafter. We are currently experimenting with several
neurological blocking agents, but with only limited success so far. In the meantime, I guess we'll just have
to take a page out of Buck Racer's book and continue to sell it as the "Super Serum," using it as sparingly
as possible.

Which brings me to the funny-book. Wonderful! Tell our friends at the Vesuvius "House of Ideas" that
they are indeed masters of high camp. I showed it to Cindy and she got a real scream out of it. I'll have
to show it to the children next time Ben and I visit them. Ben sends his regards.

Thank you for your confirmation on our security memo. I would like to allay the board's concern's on
this score. Security has been tightened up considerably after Zygote's visit so that there is now no chance

of illicit entry to any of our priority facilities. You can bet your life on that. Thank you fgr your considerate
letter and your holiday wishes. i

; incgfely
All UE

afold B. Hines
President


AGADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

Mr. Harold B. Hines
President Magadon International
Security Memo #A 2112-93

Mr. Hines:

As directed, I have spent the last week investigating the reported security breaches at both our Portland and
Los Angeles facilities. lam writing to report my initial findings. A break-in at any of our plants is, of course, cause
for concern, but the evidence I have uncovered thus far suggests that the seriousness of the matter is far greater
than we originally assumed.

I was able to gain only a little additional information from the general manager of the L.A. plant beyond what
we knew already. He informed me that the destruction of his computer files was total and asked me several times
when he would receive a replacement for the First Team he "lost." I recommend moving swiftly on this matter.

Portland was another case entirely. Like the California plant, the plant suffered the total loss of its database and,
as reported, its First Team was missing. However, in this case, there was a survivor: a fomor named "Spider"
Hardigan, who escaped from whatever took the rest of his team.

1 interviewed him at length; he has obviously undergone a severe psychic trauma of some sort and much of
what he had to say made little sense, but I was able to gather some valuable information from him in his more
lucid moments. Enclosed is a brief transcript of the most important part of our conversation.

I believe Hardigan has been compromised to the extent that he will not be able to return to active duty. Isuggest
he be turned over to Iliad for observation; perhaps they can get more out of him. I recommend they make any
decisions about his final deposition.

Further research has indicated that the Portland First Team did indeed receive orders through the "appropriate"
channels. | am somewhat reluctant to inform you that I followed the orders up the chain of command and that
the path seems to have originated from your office. I can only conclude that our communications network has
been violated. Unfortunately, I must further conclude that this has all the earmarks of an inside job. I recommend
that new procedures for First Team deployment be initiated immediately and remain in place until we eliminate
this intruder. This will unavoidably result in an extra layer of bureaucracy and may cut down fractionally on our
reaction time, but I see no other option.

Ican make only a partially educated guess about the intruder's identity and motivations. She is clearly a vampire
elder of some sort. This is not my area of expertise, but I would advance the theory that she is a Camarilla agent
and that she is most likely not working alone. The computer files at the two facilities had Level Three security
clearance; it is a safe bet that whatever information they contained is now in the intruder's hands. I therefore
strongly advise that all security protocols and operating procedures be reviewed and, where appropriate, altered.

Ihave, of course, sent a copy of this letter to our central security office. | expect to be at PANACEA an additional
two days to conduct further investigations and will keep you apprised of any new developments.

Sincerely,

Ben Stillson

Director of Corporate Security

| * =
He FED, THE PeOOd/ Bove 224 / "WIEN Witiks THE wENDI¢d

= Serene y 5

; HA!HA! |
(and Heer Be AS (tHats GREAT,
oop AS NEw! pec | HA! HAL, /!

AFTER VISITING ED BUCK
RETVANS TO THE LUXURIOUS
_ | Riest TEAM HEADQUARTERS |


Y TopAy THE CONGRESS Gave INTO ©
ZTHE PROTESTOR'S DEMANDS AND Tt
NY PASSED IT's FIFTH ANTI- LOGewe

LAW THIS YEAR! aE

Tav,cecz! nor Acaw \

|
aM ARLES

AAN OTHER NEWS, ANoTHE CSA
"== ATLAS POWER PLANT WAS {Ea
Ly ForRceD To crose By THE YY
"he So-CALLED "SAFE EmIsiONs" LAW

TX, NR

it

hz ted Lust Gay

SUDDENLY, OL' ONE EYE SEES THE TELL-
TALE SHIMMER OF THE "UMBRAL SHIPr!"


"7 ‘SUDDENLY, BUCK IS STRUCK BYA |

, | pCOWARDLY BLOW FROm ayy
4s

you €
I segstt )

SIMPLETON»
DID You THINK You


Her! WHAP AS THIST
'J'MeS+S-SUDDENLy }),
__F-F-FREEZING! Y/)

DAS BUCK PRESSES His COMMAND —
‘Boron, THE AUTO-Doc YNIT IN,
- EACH MAN'S ve RELEASES THE

THE SUPER SERUM GIVES US~
[ ooee THAN THE STRENGTH We

Yidbee ek Hib DSA pp AR?

ve VOLE
AGABAs A frp ObA2- Cora ou

PE anes ts PEK

Spider Hardigan: So we get the tip-off, right? I mean the orders
come down from on high that there's this pack of Black Furies been
causin' trouble in the area and corporate wants ‘em aced. Somethin'
‘bout them stagin' raids on another plant. So we load up for bear
‘cause those Fury broads are crazy and tough. Sanchez, he was team
leader you know, he has us load up into the vans and we're headin'
straight outta town. We was all pretty psyched up that night on
account that Sanch had been buyin' us drinks earlier and Marty kept
crackin' us up with jokes about what you do with lady werewolves
an' like that. Wanna hear one?

Ben Stillson: Not now. Maybe later.

Spider Hardigan: Yeah. Anyway, we hit the old corrugated plant out-
side of town and Sanch has us unload. I guess I shoulda figured
somethin's wrong ‘cause he just marches us up to the buildin', no
formation, no tactics, nothin'. I figured he was meetin' someone
"fore we went after the Fury bitches. Turns out I was half right.
Hey, what's the difference between a Black Fury and a lumberjack?
Some lumberjacks don't have beards. (a laughing fit followed by
hoarse coughing). Yeah, okay. So where was I?

Ben Stillson: The corrugated plant.

Spider Hardigan: Yeah. So we're walkin' up and the front doors
open. I mean like by themselves, right? This gorgeous blonde walks
out, legs up to her neck. Know what I mean? Anyway my eyes are
buggin' out but I'm still thinkin' Black Furies and gettin' my guts
splattered all over the pavement if I'm not careful, so I raise my
gun just in case. Several of the other guys do the same, but Sanch
goes right up to the chick and starts bowin' if you can believe
that. I mean I've known Sanch for four years now and I've never
seen him kiss anybody's ass; even that time Persephone toured the
plant he kept his cool.

Anyway, now we're really confused. Somethin's tellin' me that the
lady's doin' a major head job on him and I oughta pull the trigger,
but then the broad might be big brass, you know? So I hesitate for
one second and she looks in my direction. Suddenly the world turns
upside down. Oh, maaaan. (long pause)

There was somethin' about her that made you want to be her lover,
her best friend and slave all at the same time. It's worn
off..mostly anyway. She looked kinda foreign, French maybe. Real
young, like a college girl. Man. (More laughter.) So we're all
fallin' all over ourselves to bow and scrape to her and — bam! Sud-
denly I'm thinkin' somethin' approachin' to clear again.

Donna, she's our Iliad agent; psychic you know. Anyway, she's
hangin' back; I guess she was suspicious. She clears my head real
good. Anyway I try to fire on the broad but there was still
somethin' about her that made my trigger finger freeze, I just
couldn't fire. So she smiles at me really sweet like and then I see
she's got fangs like those Sabbat guys. "Goodbye, Spider," she
says. Like she knows my name! All of a sudden the rest of the
team's firin' on me!

(Hardigan convulses at this point as though reliving being hit by
gunfire, and several medics are called in. There is a 20-minute
break. )

Ben Stillson: Are you ready to continue, son?

Spider Hardigan: Yeah. Yeah. They shot at me. Scored some hits of
course. But I got a trick, see? I can turn to mist. I do that real
good and then I just let the wind pull me away. Saved my life sev-
eral times. (Laughter.) Last thing I see is Donna tryin' one of her
mind tricks on the bitch but she just laughs and I see Donna's
bowin' and scrapin' too. I mean this is crazy. We're elites, right?
And this broad takes us all out in a couple'a seconds. I mean, you
tell me. What the hell was she? (Pause.) I don't know, I think she
did somethin' to my head, I still ain't trackin' right.

<Transcript Ends>

GADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

MEMO

From: Ben Stillson, Director of Corporate Security
To: All Security Officers

RE: New Equipment

Some of you have been issued new equipment. Please do not talk about these issues, as they are
proprietary information as defined in your contracts. Do not test-fire these issues. Use the practice
equipment provided in the firing range.

FAAGADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

MEMO

From: Eliza Davidson, acting Director of Corporate Security
To: All Security Officers

RE: Alert!

Ben Stillson, former ICS CorpSec Director, has gone rogue. He is to be apprehended at all costs. He

is no longer covered by the company health plan.


FAAGADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

MEMO

From: Ben Stillson, Director of Corporate Security
To: All Security Officers

RE: Hoax

Don't believe it!

FAAGADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

MEMO

From: Eliza Davidson, acting Director of Corporate Security
To: All Security Officers

RE: Rogue apprehended

Ben Stillson, former ICS CorpSec Director, was killed while resisting apprehension in the motor
pool. ICS IntSec will be investigating the extent of his compromise. Please give them your full
cooperation.


PAGADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

MEMO

From: Ben Stillson, Director of Corporate Security
To: All Security Officers

RE: Hoax II

I assure you I am neither dead nor disloyal. When we find out who these bastards are, they're going
to suffer.

PAGADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

MEMO

From: Eliza Davidson, acting Director of Corporate Security
To: All Security Officers in Sections D and Q

RE: Impersonator

It has come to our attention that someone has been impersonating the late Ben Stillson, former
CorpSec Director and traitor. As has been reported, the real Stillson was killed while resisting appre-
hension. A standard pay bonus is offered for information identifying the impersonator.


FAGADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

MEMO

From: Ben Stillson, Director of Corporate Security
To: All Security Officers

RE: Hoax solved!

My office has been looking into the matter of the spurious memos which have been circulated,
purporting to be issued by my replacement. We have traced the problem to an automated printing
station which was infiltrated by computer criminals. These "hackers" were able to substitute their
own messages for electronically transmitted legitimate memos. The security loophole which allowed
them access has been plugged, and I am confident the criminals will be apprehended before they can

cause further trouble.

FAAGADON

Magadon—Building a better you.

MEMO

From: Eliza Davidson, acting Director of Corporate Security
To: All Security Officers in Sections F and N

RE: Impersonator caught!

My office has been looking into the matter of the spurious memos which have been circulated,
purporting to be issued by the late Ben Stillson, former CorpSec Director and traitor. We have
traced the problem to an automated printing station which was infiltrated by computer criminals.
These "hackers" were able to substitute their own messages for electronically transmitted legitimate
memos. The security loophole which allowed them access has been plugged, and I am confident the
criminals will be apprehended before they can cause further trouble.


Executive Bulletin
Special Report: October, 1993

Shareholders,

We are pleased to introduce our newly elected members of the corporate Board of Directors. We believe they make fine
additions to our company's already highly qualified executives, and with their input in future decisions, we are sure the company
will see a significant rise in value. In addition, the special skills and backgrounds of our new members ensure a sizable reduction
in blockages to our cash flow, whether these blockages be government regulations or "world-citizen" actions.

This special edition of the bulletin has been rushed out to introduce our new faces and let you get to know them better. As
you know, the opinions and well-being of our shareholders are important to us. To this end, we believe you should meet our
new executives as soon as possible. However, since not everyone can travel to meet them in person, we felt that this bulletin
could serve instead. So, without further ado, we proudly introduce Francesco, Enzo Giovanni, and Kathryn Mollett.

Francesco

Francesco brings with him a unique background and
familiarity with "citizen action groups," especially the animal-
rights fringe. With his expertise, we feel this popular cause will
soon go the way of many immature and short-sighted fads.
This will free the company to direct more resources toward
acquisition and away from excessive damage-control-ori-
ented public relations campaigns.

Francesco will be picking up where the late Robert Allred
left off, including handling our Amazon rainforest action
projects. We feel there is no better man for the job. Francesco
has unequaled experience in handling such deep-woods
concerns. With Francesco at the helm, rest assured that the
problems we have experienced in the past with the Amazon
will be over. A whole new era begins now.


Enzo Giovanni

Mr. Enzo Giovanni came to the Board with much support
from the shareholders, and the charisma which won him his
position will undoubtedly take him far and make the share-
holders a good sum of money. His business skills, garnered
from years of buying and trading companies before joining
Pentex, will work to great advantage in our new push for
acquisitions. His business allies all over the world will greatly
aid Pentex in its foreign investments.

Mr. Giovanni brings a well-rounded worldliness with
him, and this will be greatly useful in fulfilling Pentex's
increasing global objectives. Mr. Giovanni will be handling
some of the late Elliot Meiche's interests, and it is our sincere
belief that there is no better man alive for the job. Mr. Giovanni
has displayed a surprising understanding of Mr. Meiche's
goals and objectives; as he said, "I think Mr. Meiche and | had
much in common. Even though he is no longer here, his
Offices still bear his presence. | think just sitting where he once
worked, where his decisions were made, has given mea great
insight into his affairs."

Hathryn Mollett

Ms. Kathryn Mollett is a wiinderkind of the business world. At
age 25, she assumed the leadership of Alliance Industries, a very
profitable subsidiary, and at 26 she joins the Pentex Board. With Ms.
Mollett's entry to the Board, Pentex takes a bold step into the future.
As the first woman member of the Board, Ms. Mollett will ensure that
Pentex's subsidiaries shape up their equal-opportunity hiring, bring-
ing our standards into the 90s and silencing our critics.

Ms. Mollett has a tough job ahead of her, but she has proved to
be a capable and confident executive. She will be overseeing much
of our stockholder- and employee-relations programs, and has
stated that anyone with questions or concerns about the directions
the company is taking should feel free to contact her to talk it over.
She promises to be a good ear for any questions.


3 Qu ming
Ayer a

2/1/93
2/1/94

2/22/93


Ppwee.ng AgeneMou une

aa

[= sAps owes

(©°P Ciqusugmo olicw

Jsuip"AG6Sb

Raw

Bou FLvi55
LN Mason
Tar
Per ccenst
Loomis
 RouRee of
coy ray
Weoneans
Or WALL

>.
= fa

Lorie,

U

STiy
Sor

Becker! Down HEARSE

4

uNniocey tiEep

+ voor

k LS Nd

‘i fi L aE
—} { t =F ! TT
a ult
me
Wo Nene
\W peeNovse
‘ TOON pornaine :
(port or)
paiow *
ee)
4+4+—— >
t |
j We
Gs af
gc
cavpren>  *
mosie
A ~
A
DMOROENY & cu Pr
(asets! | aes oe é ya
yd
£ RY.
3 t
ak 45 Ayauncorant
A
Sit
4 r
Hatt + TNAOKUNE 7
NaN ,
Cm oor Gf.
; che Dow!) |
Ore?

Life ] , ep
Teerning| if AND
me we ue HER™
: E yo
Down theory cee Denttovy whe
Ores "5
Vere tey

Dovrrrite-y Dermtery Deowmitery
foo pap 17a) pee
4 Ht ie og dh bd [ : roy
Ge ie ace i Svp-veve: t Cevetors
Dev wites; 5 oen eer ter; Fig {1 i
i Dor mitery € ° v if i 0 1 i for
o Bb roo. food

sf

i

[isso | o6/og/re [Bor 3thisen|

-

DN ee Bea cememictenn
wosiiee a | 93/99/90 | 95% *4 an=avo 7
Asapt- ans a
{= 713031
aT TENTH eas
bed E AriwNr3S
Ss 3 amdans
Bowsers =
: wri = cs ke
ou wgew |= y
‘ Boweeas
£
eee
= fo
; vw
fi aay ce
vo
Ov
banger |
"INI NOMDAYLSNOD NV DIAN ‘


‘MOWMOWOT JouaaI‘y)
e JOJ — JeuUOHeuUsIO}U] UOIpU

NOdaKe )

pensasa Hi "S910 MOd 40%

idjay 0} op ued noA yeym Jno pury juepeuRy ed

iSPIM

‘JQUPI JY} 2AkS O}] OG UBD NOX

ssuly, Inoq ‘yoog ased-gg Ino Jo} ayIM 310 ‘Ioop MoA
0} SQWIOD OYM JaajuNJOA pun Jourjg ay} 0} A[snossuas
ayeuop aseayd ‘utof of "weal uaaIg, sy jo Jaquiawi e
2g 0} NOA ayy] pynom pue pun jouryg se yons sdnois je}
-uawUOAUa 2giqisuodsai yyM spuey paulof sey uolpug

:djay uez no, moyy

«MOA yueyy,, ‘SAes Ae

Jeuoneusayuy uoIpuy juapisalg

uosiep\q xe
et) 7
sag

‘SoUgiph }
*OO} QUOY INO SI yWeY esneraq siy} Sulop al.ay "YWeY Jao]
Surprengayes apym siapjoyareys ino 10} syyoid piosar ayeur
o} sn pamoye sey ,U2aIS Sulag apym uaals Sule, asnedaq siy}
Sulop 21,aM ‘0} 2AeY aM asnedaq SIy} SulOp Jou a1,a/ "sprepur}s
‘Wid L661 pesodoid aaoge jjam sn sung yaIyM , saisojouyse |,
uaal5,, Suneal ul suomi juads aavy am ‘Aqeuly ‘aor Aq paddesy
sem ay UaYyM pom ay} punose uarpyryD Jo suoypur Aq ,Aqem,,
paqqnp ayeym ay} anes 0} $12})Nd 291 INO Jo auO paueo] am oNIY
ay) Uy ‘JayDedpoo papeydo_ pay ey} aes 0} pue saaq} yuRyd 0}
Jeuoyeusayyy Jadeg asnoypood ye spualyy poos ino yum payiom
SAKY IM PIUIOP]ED Uy ‘pourquios dnoss jeyuauuoAua Arana ey}
JUSUWTUOIAU2 ay} SuIpsensayes uo Aguow aroum Juads sey UOIpU
i(jUapisarg nO
WOJJ asessay[ Y) 2A0T Jo [HY Yue] sey y
"sPeR} BY} O} SuIyoNs Ul UY} PpUase jeoIyJod ysipeII0s
e Sunuoy ul paysasayul aious ‘Ajayeunyoyun ‘are oym Aouasy
uoNd2}01g eUSUTUOMAU ay} Ul SjUaWAja aSuLy Aq se yJamse Ayu
-NUIWWOD fe}UaUOMAUA ay} Jo yonw Aq ajdoad uesyaury ay} UO
paisioy Sulaq yoeoidde synuarpsopnasd ay) 0} jseNUOD payseu
UJ SI SI], ‘AduaIDs prey ‘fear jo sanyea ay} 0} Ajjouns Suuaype sisa}
snoJosy uo suonu yuads aavy am ‘pua siy} O] "sansstjeoisojooa
ayeuNSg] Je Surssamppe 0} saajasino payWuiod aary am yeu}
SIQUIO}SND SY PUL SJaPfOYYIO}s SHI ansse 0} ay] prom uoIpuy
‘UMOJQIOAO SI JUSLUOTAUA ay} O} UOp Sulag ,aseuep,, pasaye
ay} JO YON yey} |duapias SyHUaDs SunUNOW Aypides aydsaq

tadUaTs jeoy

Environmental Disaster?

When the Endron tanker Pequod sank in the Great
Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia in 1992, people
feared the worst. Journalists from around the world
swarmed around the "environmentally sensitive" region
and dramatically dubbed it "the worst environmental
catastrophe of all time." The story played day and night
as the "disaster" unfolded. Knowing full well its respon-
sibilities in this matter, Endron immediately dispatched
a flotilla of cleanup ships to the coastline. There, our

"Green Team" went to work using the latest in Endron
technologies to attack the spill.

Problem.

Solution: Max Carson,
President of Endron Inter-
national, and his Green
Team attack the spill after
using a specially designed
oil-dispersing foam.

The cleanup proceeded at a record pace, prompting the
environmental group Planet Fund to call the operation "a
model of corporate responsibility to be emulated by all
others in the petroleum business." Thanks, guys, but
safeguarding the environment is what Endron is all
about. Despite the speed of the cleanup, however, we
were not yet satisfied that we had done all we could. So
we sent in an independent team of scientists from the
Gaia Research Company to ascertain any possible long-
term damage to the reef's ecology. We were stunned, to
say the very least, at their findings.

Oil's Well that Endrons Well:

After five months of painstaking research, Gaia's scien-
tists turned in their surprising but incontestable results.
The reef that had been, in the words of the disreputable
environmental extremists' group Earth-Fist, "raped by
the oil spill" was doing better than ever! Sea bird popu-
lation was up by 12% while marine life surged by a
whopping 23%! Are we saying that oil is good for the
environment? No. That is for further research to deter-
mine. What we are saying is that the oil (a natural
substance pumped right from good old Mother Earth, by
the way) cleaned out some of the ecological dead wood,
so to speak, allowing hardier species unharnessed from
the shackles of their less survival-worthy cousins to
thrive. The Great Barrier Reef is doing better than ever,

and that's no big fish story!

This smart school of fish thanks Endron for their help.

iMenicesanencht Pentex i cludes:

Ro ee playerhoncd

chi.

‘ a | e Pe opaganda brochures c

ae ae ~ « eee

mt GA 30083 F
i ee 5 fa. Sy od

CAME STADIO,
