# File: Montreal by Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


jtitipi tp tp pe fo

|

Letania de Sangre

Philippe Boulle, Joshua Mosqueira-Asheim y Lucien Soulban
——————————————— =
1 Tttitidttthtrttr tf )


XXV
For qué todos los Santos 4 Sabios que hablan
Tan doctamente de- los Mundos de Tivo son repualiacos
Como locos Frofetas, Burlados
Y Dicpersos, sus Ideas convertidas en Falvo?
—Omar Khayysn, traducido por Edward Fitzgerald, A
Rubayst
En las costas de la noche se asienta Sobre un rio neayo,
reSplandeciente. bayo el manto artificial de las ectrelloc & to
civdadela. Culdate en sus calles, pues sv belleza exige un precio
4 Sus Sombras respiran. Sv melena refulge con el impety de la fe,
4 Su vegazo <uSpira como vm fantasma. Ast ¢s Montreal, [a
civdad <ilenciosa
El misterio de te lugar escapa a la comprencion
\ hasta de los md¢ inturtives. La obra representaca
\ en este Scenario insular comienza con una letal
danza dedicada al lamento de. batalla de la arpfa
Los muertos de la civdad se preparan ante lac
tormentas externas ¢ internas, una melodfa
delicioca para los ofdos del caos urbano. La
moneda del poder ha sido lanzada 4 comienza a
caer, 4 lo micmo debe hacer el Sabbat de
Montreal para recuperar el control. Si la moneda
cae demasiado lejos, ya Sea por designio © por
destino, < posible que lo avvastre todo con ella


oo
Créditos

Aiitores: Philifipe Boulle, Joshuis Mosqueita-Asheitt y
Lucien Seailban:

Desarrollo: Ken Cliffe y Rober Hatch:

Editor: Ronn! Radner

Director Artistico: Lawrence Snelly

Maquetacién: Matt Milberzer

Hustractones: Leif Jones, Pia Guerra, Christopher Shy,
Jason Felix, Joshua Timbrook, Dennis Calero:
Cartografia: Lary Friedman

Tustracién de Portada: William O'Connor
Hustracién de Contraportada: Leif Jones

Disedto de Portada: Matt Milberger

Agradecimientos Especiales

Rob -Mancillado" Hatch, por cer finalmente y asistir
a ta GenGon.

Ronni "Estimulo de Confianza" Radner, por encon-
trar el lado bueno de sumirse cn las terribles masas de
las GenCon.

Rich "Dos Buenos Ojon" Thomas, por arregiirselas para
no reventara un recipiente de sangre este af

Larry "Apinate de Mi Camino" Snelly, por ireumpir en
€1 juego en vivo dando rudos signos de Dominacién
Aileen "Contiene Plom«, No Ingeris" Miles, por fundir
cl dineto del alquiler en tiendas de figuritas.

Larry "Esclavo Corporativo" Friedman, por saber u qué
Industrial tenia que hacerle ly rosea.

Matt "Poco Pollo" Mitberger, por aportar prichas de
que el cielo se va a caer

Los Chicos de Quebec, por inser la cerveza con un 96
de ulcohol que sélo Cans podria producit.

Agradecimientos Especiales de los Autores;
A Naney, Pam y Jeff por sit ayuida y sus bafonadas
surrealistas, Este libro est dedicado a nuestras
familias, amigos y amades, que nos permitieron soitar
¢ imaginir, cadk tino a sti manera dnica

Créditos a la Edicion Espanola
Directores editoriales: Jus Carlos Poujade y Miguel
Angel Alvarez

Traduccién: Femando Lopez Guisado y Jose Francisco
Garrigis Mayo

Coordinador de la linea: Carlos Lacs
Maquetaci6n: Carlos Lacasa y Javier Pérez Calvo
Impresién: Graficinco SA

Filmacién: Autopublish

Agradecimientos Especiales
A nuestra -manada- Sabbat particular:

Andrés, Nosferatu, por ser un viboro chupasangre.
# Luis, Ventrue. por mostrar que cl coleccionismno es
tuna muestra de sehorto,

onzaio, Silver Fang, por sv capacidad de aguante
ante largas hones de-servicin a su Majestad.
@ Angel. Lasombra, por su paciencia ante nuestra
impuntualidad.
© Eloy, Sétiro, por saber hacer que los consejos agraden.

Y una mencion especial para:

# Javi, Taimisce, pore tambign distruto de Episodio T
y sigue confiundo en George Lucas.
© Adolfo, Dynamite Man, pot suber céimo hacer que Lis
partidas dle La Lamada de Cthulhu sean -explosivias
Y. en particular, al caballo de Gonzalo, que tnta con-
versacidin nos proporciona
—De Patxi, Nuwisha, y Fernando, Orden de Hermes.

Publicatlo por La Factoria, C/Phiza, 15. 28043 Madrid. © pora version espanola

www distrimagen ex

e-mail factoris@distrimagen es

Aplintate a la lista de correo sobte ¢f Mundo de Tinieblas: tinleblas@distrimagen.es

La Informacién para subseribirte esta en www.distrimagen.es.
Abril de 2000

Cine Steve

LA FACTORIA}

La editorial no antoriza a fotocopiar ninguna pagina de este libro

© 1908 White Walt, tac Toxtos lox derechos reser

Li edlhorll, excepto oe Intencidn de excrbi resefias

Wow. Queda expreamente probibids la reproduccion um el permiso exerno de
oilos los persnaales

mabres, lugares ¥ textos menckmudies <n

ete libro sort propiedad intelectual Je White Wo, Ine

Ex mencién 0 referencia a cualquier otra companin
satrahie 9 pemie

‘i piikinay no debe ser winds como un ataque a fax marcas

Debidi ost: temibtica, exte producto ve recomlenda sdlo para lettores adulton,

ISBN: $4.95004-38-1

Deptsito Lega M-12072-2000


help.
eand |

fey night

Table of Contents

Prelude 7
Chapter One: Introduction Il
Chapter Two: History of Blood 19
Chapter Three: Geography 37 /
Chapter Four: Undead Life 53 |
Chapter Five: Covens 71 \
Chapter Six: The Chronicle 7

Appendix: The Sabbat Inquisition

Contents



Cardinal Strathcona,

\\would ask how GoATune. smiles Upon you

ese days,
OT | Krow <aTe hus deall us a ervel bok Ww. The deat

0€ my enedTor and your alleague Chou Ins le€T us bene

Ered and Valued drampion o€ The Subba.

onve asked me i€ Mortreal was STi The Crty
€ Black Minacles" and laushed at wy Talon When

\ od M6T answer, \ Gear now Tar

Whatever answer
\ ony have Gonmed sive Trase days has been undermines
oy delhoeraTe aTIem sts To stroad The Toth. The deat

merely brouglaT cefTan issues To The Gore

The dock Tune a€er nny induction W7To Tre Sabobat, Many
were relieved To have weathered The Storm, \

im MpaTreal are abodT To be casT back

capricious nighimare, Chow's deatln, \ suspeZT, was

an omen o€ TW ame, When \ ww.

cernains and lelongings, \ approached The
VTrepidation, hoy could do. m0 wrong i ey

suocon
1 aTask would only prove Thal he did indeed Gall K
The UTwale wealvess deat, YET \ sTeeled mysel€

be done and diservered an 33 camGorT

in The a2 o€ sol Wis belongings, Tha? i

When | discovered
partvarly Taoist @enced pieces, He wos aie ae pT
aT palling landscapes, applying a balanced approadn

The dynamics o€ mature, Te even Tauslal wre how "To

Prelude


Tons bor

ET paidTings, "OT as veprodu syrrtoo

» \ ew suspeZT Ta) he was nol geoomiv

appreciate. Chinese afTwork, bOT T0Torng me
how Te decipher an walricale ade should any hanwy bbe-Gall

lw,

\y sTing Through Chov's paintings, \ come across

an atl pad Eiled with VpAtred''s landscapes pasted iv

The }

Tenanner, \ immediately noticed Thar the piece:

y wioalarved, Tre Yn and Yang o€ €eaTuve:

28 anal

were sTiTed, armory was askew, AT €

Montreal by Night

\ wondered Wad een Chov's early Sailed

T Wis cra€l, boT The style of Ws

aTempts ~

brush

Trokes suggested wore receAT Work,
véther WT was mspwilion of lk, something in he

Ted 1 Ws

peces urced weTo VET The $ v wad deg

paitings. WT was some Tue beGore The rst mystery

revealed TelETo me}, is padtings, We Te ess, Were

Thus, WT was Though

GeST 0€ We ledgers Thal Chou Wa

Some"

shared only

oroke The.
The Trem

pean

ond)
Siseovered a
Pow Ta

apprelvens

Tremere's

To vélrieve
\ camel es
yo will
vay aie W
Taken To ¥

walls are

early Sailed
style of lis
wrk,

mething 1 his

Jy Ws

ib wyplery

ms, were,

vered The.

Some Tene ago my Eriend made a Sisanery Wal be
shared only WAT The pages Tal he wrote upon. Pe
broke The ade To The ramblings o€ Saab The Ghd,

The Tremere a

ib Who is regularly given To visions

and speaking viTangues, My gi€Ted melo bad someon

ansiave. Saclo's Baloylonian blather,

apprehension he may Wave ell, Chiov rearded The

Tremere's words in Wis ledgers and Wid Them so Tat

ve one Wl Krow The horrible Tris he leaned.

\ db val Wrow WW ardinal, \ know enpre.

books are hidden The aTy, OT \ have been ré

relieve Them, Some Gorce shadows my every Step,
\ ow Thar

=

\ carve evade. \ canvoT con€roAt TT,

rane wil sco be-Gall we, Upon awakening, \ know Tal

my laie nas been dsTuroed While \ stumbered, | have

resting in The ammunal haven, OT \ Kear Ts

an vATenely end,

AT Was Taken me a century T

Tal \ row pos:

Teo apex and wmpotTaal To be
ye We Thought The Camarilla To be Tre

"To our sez,

TST Those around me, Clos murderer walks among

Them and — \ suspezP=— is The very same person

Wehes To ViST ham upon me, Please do rol estate

and looks

on This matTer, \ bave/nidden The pal

Thal \ have veavered Thus Sac, TW oat eevet
a€Gord3To be ignordAl 0€ Tis aalleZTed gpspel,

You one asked me i€ MoaTreal was STi "The City
0€ Black Minades." Now \ can only moun in response.
AT is blacker Thdin you Think,

— A letter from an unidentified Cainite to Cardinal
Strathco:

a

Prelude


setting bo


apter One:
Introduction

é.

No! penury, inertness and grimace,

In some strange sort, were the land's portion. "See
Or shut your eyes," said Nature peevishly,

"It nothing skills: I cannot help my case

‘Tis the Last Judgment's fire must cure this place,
Calcine its clods and set my prisoners free."

— Robert Browning, "Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came"

Why Black Dog?

Montreal by Night is the first in Vampire's series of city
sed under the Black Dog Game
Factory imprint. Why break the mold? Why go against
tradition? What's so unique about Montreal, of all places,
that demands special attention?

setting books to be rel

This is not the Montreal that you might know. This
book portrays a city that's tainted, not only by the corrup-
tion inherent to the World of Darkness and the Gothic-Punk
milieu, but by the unadulterated evil of the Sabbat. This
Montreal is an unabashedly twisted reflection of the real
world's. Thus, this book isn't for the timid, young, easily
offended or squeamish; it wasn't meant to be. Yet it is not
simply violent and reprehensible for its own sake. Montreal
by Night earns the Black Dog label because of the city's
masters of the black arts, and doing the Sabbat justice is
difficult enough within the confines of a "typical" World of
Darkness supplement.

The city's Cainites are trapped in a cancerous womb
that atrophies around them, They exist in perpetual tor-
ment, crushed against the bodies of other squirming infants
and poisoned by the oozing toxins issued by a severed
umbilical cord. This is the World of Darkness. This is Black
Dog. This is Montreal by Night.

How to Use
This Book

Montreal by Night details the history, Cainites and
intrigues of one of the Sabbat's oldest bastions in North
America. In these pages you will find everything necessary to
runachronicle in the Sabbat city of Montreal. Those familiar
with other Vampire "by Night" books will find this one
organized a bit differently. The Sabbat does not concern itself
with clans to the degree that its Camarilla enemy does, so
Cainites are grouped by coven rather than by blood lineage.

Chapter One: Introduction


The lifestyle—orrather, "unlifestyle" —of Montreal's Sabbat
also receives much attention. They largely disdain the mortal
world and have their own agendas, both subtle and bloody.

Montreal by Night gives a nearly complete picture of
the city. These pages are filled with potential allies, men-
tors, lovers, rivals and friends. If you're already running a
Sabbatchronicle, your pack or coven couldarrive in Montreal
for its Opening of the Litany in the summer months, or they
could arrive for the pack's own reasons. Otherwise, new
Sabbat are sired fairly often to stage crusades, replace fallen
comrades or just for kicks. The Appendix also provides
information on the Sabbat Inquisition.

To make full use of Montreal by Night you need
Vampire: The Masquerade, The Players Guide to the
Sabbat and The Storytellers Handbook to the Sabbat.
Significant elements are also drawn from The Vampire
Players Guide and The Storytellers Handbook. None of
these books is absolutely necessary, though.

The Litany of Blood
The subtitle of Montreal by Night — Litany of
Blood" — isa reflection of the spiritual nature of the
_ city's Sabbat, The Litany is a record that commemo-
"rates sect members' achievements —- whether as
individuals, packs or covens —- through legendary
j eyewitness reports and personal stories, As the
history of the Sabbat is forged in blood, so roo are the
reéotds of che Litany written tipon huiianand Cainite
vellum and sctipted inivitae, The Litany is nor, how-
ever, justyt record of the past, but jd reminder of a
Gainite's obligation to his sect/and tolthe sacrifices that
fake the Sabbat what they are. The Litanylis thereforé,
a tie thatbinds Cainites with mote than just the bond§
of bloods It is'the symbolicsheart of the Sabbat, justia
Montreal is the spititual heart‘of the Sabbat.

Theme and Mood

So farewell Hope, and with Hope farewell Fear,
Farewell Remorse: All Good to me is lost;
Evil be thou my Good.

— John Milton, Paradise Lost

Theme

The central theme of Montreal by Night is faith. Faith
is used ironically, not in definition but in application. Faith
among Montreal's Sabbat is a matter of conviction more
than of belief or religion. It is the driving force behind those
who would commit murder because they abhor murder. It is
the justification of torture in the name of salvation. It
explains the unimaginable and is the defense of those who
make martyrs of their victims.

For the Sabbat, faith is the power to accomplish great
things, even beyond the confines of pack and Vaulderie.
The Sabbat severed the ties of mortality and morality and
filled the resulting void with their own brand of faith. In
Montreal, faith is not an unattainable ideal, but a reality,
and its consequences can be both inspirational and destruc-
tive.

Mood

Montreal is a city of enigmas, an onion of almost
infinite layers, if you will. Peel away one skin and several
more await, seductive in what they hide. Montreal is called
"The City of Black Miracles" because of the dark faith of its
nocturnal inhabitants. Those who live within its island
confines, whether mortal or immortal, should be made to
feel as if some terrible force looms just beyond the senses.

Montreal is also a city of contrasts, where modern
skyscrapers tower over old churches and cathedrals. The
New and the Old World clash, not only for mortals, but for
the undead. Mention of the Sabbat conjures images of the
crime-infested streets of New York, the despair-gripped
populace of Detroit, the black heart of Mexico City and the
moral debauchery of Amsterdam. These modern interpreta-
tions of the Sabbat apply to Montreal, but the Cainites also
make Montreal a city of knowledge and faith. New York and
Mexico City attract the bloodthirsty. Detroit appeals to the
downtrodden. Amsterdam lures the abusive. Montreal draws
the scholarly and educated among the Sabbat. The problem
with the acquisition of knowledge, however, is that it
invariably exposes more mysteries — one of the city's moods
feeds the other.

Knowledge is therefore power among the city's "intel-
lectual" Cainites. There isn't one among them who doesn't
have a stake in some secret or another.

The Damned

It is wiser to enter Montreal knowing what factions are
at play than to enter blindly (which almost invariably leads
to Final Death). The following is by no means a detailed or
comprehensive look at the factions of the city, but it is a
quick and dirty guide to help newcomers avoid the pitfalls
of Sabbat maneuvering.

Sabbat Power Structure

Montreal is ruled by both ambition and conflicting
vision. The archbishop of the city is Carolina Valez, a for-
eigner in the eyes of the city's Sabbat. Beneath her in the
hierarchy are Montreal's three bishops: The Rose of the
Widows coven; Lord Ezekiel of the pack 25:17; and Alfred
Benezri, the Shepherd of Caine . Unfortunately, Archbishop
Valez's rule is not supported by her bishops, and this sets the
stage for a power struggle that could tear the city apart.

Most of t
vying for the
The Rose, bi
trying not to
appointment
many young!
covens. Ezek
his sire, the i
the same pat
political fore
beroftheSh
and propone
of elder Sab
port by the «
covens, Ber
hauntedby!
ing the infe
some years
yents Bisho
the


|

Se

accomplish great
ck and Vaulderie
and morality and
brand of faith. In
leal, but a reality,
ional and destruc-

onion of almost
skin and several
Aontreal is called
e dark faith of its
vithin its island
ould be made to
ond the senses,
where modern
cathedrals. The
‘mortals, but for
es images of the
despair-gripped
ico\City and the
dern interpreta-

he Cainites also
. New York and
tt appeals to the
Montreal draws
t. The problem
ver, is that it
he city's moods

te city's "intel
m who doesn't

at factions are
variably leads
sadetailed or
ty, but it is a
id the pitfalls

fore

1 conflicting
Valez, a for-
b her in the
Rose of the
fand Alfred
Archbishop
this sets the
apart.

Most of the city's Sabbat support one of three contenders
Carolina Valez has the support of

vying for the archdioces
The Rose, but is struggling to retain her failing power and
trying not to repeat the same mistakes that plagued her in past
kiel, representing the bloodlust of

appointments. Bishop E
many young Sabbat, has gathered the
covens. Ezekiel's quest is to break away from the dark legacy of
his sire, the infernalist Sangris, but he is in danger of following
the same path on his rise to power. The final contender in this

pport of several potent

political foray is Bishop Benezri, a prominent mem-
berofthe Shepherd§, a former inquisitor
and proponent of the scholarly ways
of elder Sabbat. Despite his sup-
port by the city's more powerful
np is still

covens, Benezri's
haunted by his pack's error of plac-
ing the infernalisp Sangris in power
some years ago./This blunder pre-
vents Bishop Béneéti fiom gaining

the archidiccese,ouitkight:

%

Setting Overview

Concordia Salus (Salvation in Agreement)

— city motto of Montreal

Montreal is a city unlike any other. Its long history and
distinguished heritage date back more than 350 years and
give it a European essence that's unique in North America.
Although the city is one of the world's most modern, its past

Chapter One: Introduction


~~ ~~

_

7
£
z
I

)
6
8
L
9
¢
ir
€
z
I

defines it. Many
century — oF ea
shadows from thi
history, Montreal
the end of Frene
Montreal's sons a
wars, and the su
guage differences
Fair, endured ma
Crisis, and saw fi
of 1990. Montre
city, faces a ney
exciting as its pi
Montreal is
River and is he
though only abe
city is founded ¢
it's one of Cat
because of its st
French-speakir

Nd LSva JHL
AGNOU V1
LYOdYIV TVANOG
Wd LINWAS
AMNOLVYO AHL

TVANLNOW Jd JLISUaAINN

TVLIdSOH SVIONOG
AAOGNVLS YAO AO ALIS
AAMaSaY AYVMVNHV
auyOD NMOLNMOG HL
CNV1SI LSAM FHL

Ld JAVNS JHL

Montreal
ter, buta finance

IVNOIDAY—TVAIULNOW


<4

defines it. Many of its buildings were built in the 19th
century — or earlier — and, to this day, cast their long
shadows from the past into the present. A city of living
history, Montreal witnessed the birth of two countries and
the end of French colonial presence in North America
Montreal's sons and husbands fought and died in two world
wars, and the survivors returned to a city divided by lan-
guage differences. The city was the site of the 1967 World's
Fair, endured martial law in the wake of the 1970s October
Crisis, and saw federal troops return during the Oka Crisis
of 1990. Montreal, now a fragile and economically sullen
city, faces a new millennium that promises to be just as

A SGSAINIT
AYOLVUO FHL *y

Se ae ee ee

exciting as its past.

Montreal isan island city located on the Saint Lawrence
River and is home to just over three million people (al-
though only about one million live on the island itself). The
city is founded on the pride of its citizens, not only because
ing metropolises, but

it's one of Canada's
because of its status as the second-largest

French-speaking city in the world. gage
Montreal isn't only a cultural cen- >
ter, buta financial and industrial one.
Fourof Canada's largest bankshave
headquarters in Old Montreal.
The city's shores are home to

TVNOIDTY—TVIYLNOW

ee

re.

om

the largest inland ports in the world, and Montreal is a port of
call for many Canadian and American vessels. The island
houses a number of industries, primarily oil refineries, because
of its proximity to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. Montreal has
also become the site of more than half of the Canadian
autical industry and other high-tech business

aeror

However, given the recent recession and current politi-
cal insecurity, the city suffers. Many of the leading industries
are leaving or downsizing, contributing toa high unemploy-

ment rate, and resulting in an increase in the number of
people living in poverty. Unfortunately, the current conser-
‘o make matters worse

vative political swing only promises
for those unable to survive on an already ove

ed social-

security and welfare system.
Montreal's layout is unusual for a North American city
Its growth through the years has resulted from the annex-
ation of smaller communities

which, instead of being com-

b, pletely consumed, became

NES
=

@ virtual cities within a me-

tropolis. Montreal is also
avast multicultural com-
munity, with not only
"old stock" (those of
English descent)

a
aul

die

Siew
a

Chapter One: Introduction


and "pur-laine" (those of French descent), but large num-
bers of Irish, Jewish, Greek, Italian, German, Ukrainian,
Chinese, Hungarian, Portuguese, Haitian, Vietnamese and
Middle Eastern inhabitants. Each community gives its dis-
trict a distinctive ethnic atmosphere, which contributes to

the city's cosmopolitan flavor.

The Sabbat and the Mortal World

Most of Montreal's Sabbat see mortals as midnight
snacks or amusing toys. The Cainite rulers, however, realize

thathumansare valuable sources of powerand pleasure. The
prominent vampires in the city all exercise a dark influence
over the city's populace, corrupting human souls and violat-
ing bodies. The Widows, a coven of Cathari pleasure queens,
holdsa depraved court in its downtown club, driving visitors
to acts of complete perversion. Archbishop Carolina Valez
holds sway over the halls of power, guiding community
leaders and corporate presidents to subjugate everything
they can, turning the public figures into faithful thralls.

Montreal's Sabbat also enjoy corrupting local priests
and other clergy, driving them to debasement by playing
upon their private desires. The Shepherds of Caine,
Montreal's most prestigious coven, are masters of this cor-
ruption. Profe

sing vampiric redemption through an
tanding of evil, the Shepherds guide mortal clergy to
thieving true evil by the
shackles of mortality, these mad priests seek out the Sabbat's
Embrace or end their lives in acts of murderous suicide and
take many of their parishioners screaming into Oblivion.

Traveling to Montreal

Montreal is eas

mindset. Prevented from z

accessible by road, airandsea. Ithas two

airports. The first is Dorval, which is located in the city itself.

The second is Mirabel International Airport, which is located

Language

Language is a critical issue,anyong the mortals of
Montreal. The city is sharply divided between those
Whose thother tongue is English (Who"are"alledm™
"Anglophones"), French (known as "Francophon
or neither ("Allophones"). Linguistié differences re-
flect different histories and serious political rifts; most
"anglos" and Allophones staunchly support thedederal
system, while many Francéphones call fotpincreasedl
power or outright independence'for Quebec,

For the Sabbat, language.issues are viewed largely as
legacies of mortal weakness, Ethnicorigin is rarely consid-
ered important. Most Sabbat simplyiconsider language a
convenience; they understand both Frénch and English,
and converse in. whatever tongue they find most useful.
However, some Sabbat, such as the nationalist Marie-
Héléne (a member@f Archbishop Carolina Valez's pack),
do take language seriously and always look down on those
who do not share theircultural heritage.

Festivals

Montreal is known worldwide as host to ma
festivals. Given the city's harsh winters, festivals a
staged during théjsummer months and draw a‘lam
number of tourists. Many, not knowing the city, wan =
der the streets unaware of the dangers that luk in >
shadows. Despite the festive atmosphere, a number
people disappear each year.

¢ International Fireworks Festival (June toearlAugug

* Festival International de Jazz (the Montréal if direction deus:

Festival, held in lateJune to early July) TiN

* Just for Laughs Festival (end of Jilly)

¢ Montreal World Film Festival (early August)

¢ Festiyal International de Cinéma‘Fantastique (Int 5

national Poyror and Sei-FiFilm Festival, Reldanehe lf, COTEVENTU

© International NewDance Festival (early fall): DU COLLEGE

DE LA SAVANE

an hour's drive to the north. (The latter facility has fall NaMU
largely into disuse since most international flights to Can: PLAMON
land in Toronto.) Although the city-port caters especially SreeSAINTE-CM
industrial shipping, a few cruise ships dock, allowing fore COT i

vampires to travel to the city in relative safety.

Getting Around Montreal

ed partially on an island, Montreal is not spre
out like most North American cities. The downtown are:
which includes some of Montreal's oldest neighborhoods,
easily accessible by an elaborate system of highways an.
bridges. During nonpeak traffic hours, it usually takes 3
minutes to get from the suburbs to downtown. The islani
proper benefits from one of North America's best and mo
extensive — although expensive — public transit systems
The subway, called "The Metro," allows access to nearly all
important areas, and buses service areas beyond the system
Public transportation and the relatively small size of the
island combine to facilitate travel.

Loe:

Vital Statistics

Population: On the island of Montreal: One million
+. The whole Montreal urbat'eommunity (which included
botli the South and North Shore');,Threejtillion +.

Climate: Montréal is charactefized by long winters:
WAIN typically last from December to April. Fempera-
tures vary from 32° to-40°F, making Cainites susceptible
to freezing if they stay outdoors formextended periods,
time. In the summer, températures can climb as‘high as
90°.--«il 10°"Tii the winter, the sun séts at approximately
4P.M.anifrises around 7 AM., andduring the summer,
it sets well after 9 P.M. and rises around 5 A.M.

Montreal by Night


—$————

host to many
rs, festivals ate
d diaw adlangey
‘the city, wan-
hat lurk in the
e, a number of

MONTREAL—THE METRO

HENRI-BOURASSA.

HONORE-BEAUGRAND,

earlyA ugust)
Montreal jJaze direction deux-montagnes
August)
stique (Inter-
; VERTU
eldin the fll) corer
ly fall) DU COLLEGE
—___] DE LA SAVANE
cility has fallen NAMUR

ights to Canada

PLAMONDON ay verge
ers especiall a IVERSITE;DE-MOt 4 t)
aeprecially:to .OTE-SAINTE-CATHERINE PASEO SAINT-LAUREN BERRI-UQAM(
llowing foreign el A y
. SNOWDON, COTE-DES-NEIGES PLACE-DES-ARTS

itreal

lis not spread

Wwntown area, <<" Noon rigaud VENDOME
hborhoods, is

highways and PLACE-SAINT-HENRI
ially takes 30
. The island
est and most
insit systems.
}tonearly all
the system.

PLACESD/ARMES
SQUARE;VICTORIA
BONAVENTURE
LUCIEN-L ALLIER/
GEORGES-VANIER *

LIONEL-GROULX
CHARLEVOIX

METRO STATION

r} TRANSFER TO
* COMMUTER TRAIN
'

JOLICOEUR

i ANGRIGNON
ll size of the

te million
includes
on +

8 winters
‘empera-
Keptible
ttiodg of,
thigh as
imately
umnier,

———

Chapter One: Introduction


46

EIF JONE:
Lares


Chapter Two:

History of Bloo

.and know this, for though I remember the day when I

could count you as a friend, we are now dead to one another. I
do notclaim the fair city of Montreal for the Sabbat. Ithas always
been such. I do not forswear my duties to defend her — quite the
contrary, She is more important now than ever, and I will be
thrice damned before | watch the Camarilla sully her visage

Remember this: Infringe upon this territory and I will show you
the reason why she is called "The City of Black Miracles." The

quiet city of Montreal shall remain quiet no more.

—Excerpt froma lettersent by Archbishop Strathcona
to Prince Mithras of London, April 5, 1838

Religion and culture are the basis of Montreal's past
despite rumors of a political foundation. Whereas Chris-
tianity was once given magnificent form in the city's
multitude of church spires, foreign ideologies and beliefs
have since taken root in the blood-stained soil. With the
integration of Islam, Buddhism, Taoism, Shintoism, Ani-
mism, Judaism and a hundred other "isms," Montreal has
become a cultural miasma.

This chapter details the history of Montreal and the
surrounding lands. Some account is given of mundane
historical events, but primarily to provide a context for the
tribulations of the Sabbat. Each era of the city's history

begins with a description of the petiod's mundane events.

The Catalyst

Inthe 16th century, the Americas were still an enigma and
perceived by many as either a road to the Far East or a place as
rich as the fabled Orient. Regardless, the Americas were consid-
ered ripe for plunder. One of the many explorers of the time was
Jacques Cartier, a French navigator credited with bringing his
country honor and the wealth of the New World. On October
2, 1535, in what was his second voyage to the region, Cartier
landed on '& magnificent island. He named it "Mont-Royal,"
and it would become known as the island of Montreal.

The island was not revisited until the arrival of Samuel de

Chapter Two: History of Blood


Champlain 70 years later. Champlain appreciated Montreal's

strategic position on the Saint Lawrence River and established a
settlement on the island.

As European explore

et Out to claim portions of the
New World, France was in the grip of Toreador debauchery,
and many vampires began to tire of their games. Europe was
a hostile place, and bidding power was a gamble that few
could risk. Many disfranchised groups sent scouts to accom-
pany the galleons that traversed the Atlantic. They hoped
to escape the ancient Cainite aristocracy that ruled Europe.

Cartier's vessel, The Emerillon, was accompanied by two
Damned souls: Louis Drapeau, a French Gangrel antitribu
‘out who represented the interests of various Sabbat cov-
ens; and a mortal infernalist named Terrence DeBouville.
The journey proved to be a great succe

— Montreal was
discovered. Drapeau prepared
the island for the
coming of his
7 Cainite siblings,

knowing that the
elitist French To
reador would never
leave their ostenta-
tious homes,
letalonecon-
sider making
the transat-
lalntic
journey.

Montreal stood ready to be claimed by the Sabbat. Gangrel antitribu =
Unbeknownst to Drapeau, DeBouville pursued (Louis Drapeau began
interests of Metathiax, one of 36 demons in the ordermessages back to Fre
e.Indeed, Terren With the aid of
body in the mortal world, and wand military forcesse
responsible for consecrating unholy ground atop the islancto a dozen Sabbat es
mountain. The native Hochelaga Hurons, defenders of tlimmediately move¢
island, fought against the spirit of Metathiax after Cartilargely unexplored
departed; they lost. Plagues wiped out the village ;remained to help ott
Hochelaga, but the natives' final sacrifice trapped the colony expanded be
mon on the island, fled across the Atla
The remainder of the century proved difficult for t} the Ville-Marie $
French Sabbat, as they had to move slowly if they weret Acadiens" ("The A
make their escape from the continent undetected. The oe
needed a cover for their mass exodus, and the opportunit First ]
did not present itself until Champlain departed for the Nev
World

Decani—creatures who bartered in diseas
was Metathiax's hos

War broke out
7 ‘| Relations between
Ville-Marie Colon volatile because the
y selves with the French
Montreal proved to be a literal godsend for those of th (the future site of Ni
Christian faith. Recollet missionaries busied themselves with th, muskets to use agai
evangelization of the natives, and the Jesuits joined the endeava, and assaults over t
in 1632. News of the beautiful and bountiful land reachej rely on the strengt
France through The Jesuit Relations, a religious journal fron Moyne, Closse ang
Quebec, which proved to be one of the many inspirations for the walls. Yet, despite
settlement of the Ville-Marie colony massacre of 30,000
Founded as the home for an order of hospital nuns, and conflict almost com
funded primarily through the donation of money and land No longer 1
parcels, the Ville-Marie colony was established on May 17, Sabbat acted on
1642, despite the growing Iroquois threat. In fact, the conflic native villages, sk
growing between the natives and traders almost aborted the take long forthe lt
settlement. The French king announced that he was ready t0 They attacked th
The Sabbat
came in June of 1
the fort was am
frightened the Se
that it happene
Sabbat left Ville
that would hope
ing the colony ¢
prepared and ou

abandon New France because of its increasing hostilities

Louis Drapeau, who had first 2

companied Cartier to
the New World, lived in the Montreal region when
Champlain's e:

pedition arrived. It was Drapeaw's job to
induct arriving Sabbat, but the means by which to
bring them to the New World eluded him. The
solution he came to was made even more rewarding
by its irony. Most of France's elite, especially those
controlled by the hedonistic Toreador, did not
fancy the notion of moving to a place bereft of
civilization's luxuries. Faithful Catholics were
another matter enti

ciplines could s
Almost all Les
dragged down a
colony under th
Connaught, an
When tei
Connaught's g
himself time, fo
the natives wh
protect himsel
were undone b
had to rework

y. The Sabbat, acting
on the advice of the Lasombra, discovered a
multitude of Catholics eager to explore the
new lands to spread the word of Christ. The
Sabbat accompanied those explorers, posing

as religious missionaries and devout colonists.

The plan wasa success. With the arrival of
the Recollet and Jesuit missionaries, the first of

the French Sabbat — primarily Lasombra and

Montreal by Night


Sabbat.

le pursued the
in the order of
ideed, Terrence
world, and was
top the island's
lefenders of the
x after Cartier
the village of
rapped the de-

ifficult for the
if they were to
etected. They
1e Opportunity
ed for the New

lony

or those of the
iselves with the
cd the endeavor
| land reached
's journal from
irations for the

ital nuns, and
ney and land
/on May 17,
the conflict
st aborted the
was ready to
ostilities

ed Cartier to
region when
peau's job to
by which to
d him. The
te rewarding

ially those
lor, did not
ice bereft of
tholics were
dbat, acting
liscovered a
explore the
Christ. The
fers, posing
(tcolonists.
tearrival of
{the first of
ombra and

Gangrel antitribu — set foot on New France. Meanwhile,
Louis Drapeau began using The Jesuit Relations to send secret
messages back to France's Sabbat.

With the aid of missionaries, colonists of Ville-Marie,
and military forces sent to protect the fledgling colony, close
toa dozen Sabbat escaped to the New World. While most
immediately moved on from the colony, preferring the
largely unexplored interior of Canada, a few like Louis
remained to help other new arrivals. When the Ville-Marie
colony expanded beyond its original fortress, more Sabbat
fled across the Atlantic. Louis became the coven leader of
the Ville-Marie Sabbat, who called themselves "Les
Acadiens" ("The Acadians").

First Losses

War broke out in the New World over its fur wade
Relations between European competitors had already been
volatile because the Huron and Algonquin tribes allied them-
selves with the French. Inresponse, the Dutchin New Amsterdam
(the future site of New York City) supplied Iroquois tribes with
muskets to use against the French. Subjected to sporadic raids
and assaults over the following decades, Ville-Marie came to
rely on the strengths of Maisonneuve, Jeanne Mance, Le
Moyne, Closse and many other native comrades to defend its
walls. Yet, despite continued Iroquois aggression and the brutal
massacre of 30,000 Huron allies, Ville-Marie emerged from the
conflict almost completely unscathed.

No longer encumbered by Europe's Camarilla, the
Sabbat acted on their predatory whims. They stole into
native villages, skinned adults and fed on children. It didn't
take long for the Iroquois to retaliate in significant numbers.
They attacked the most obvious target: Ville-Marie.

The Sabbat were at a disadvantage. The first attack
came in June of 1643, when a group of settlers toiling outside

the fort was ambushed by an Iroquois war party. What
frightened the Sabbat was not the attack itself, but the fact
that it happened during the day while they slept. Five
Sabbat left Ville-Marie that night to stage a counterattack
that would hopefully prevent the Iroquois from approach-
ing the colony again. [t was a mistake. The Iroquois were
prepared and outnumbered their opponents; not even Dis-
ciplines could save the Sabbat from being overwhelmed.
Almost all Les Acadiens, including Louis Drapeau, were
dragged down and torn limb from limb, leaving the French
colony under the care of only one Sabbat, a Tzimisce named
Connaught, and his Bratovitch attendants.

When reinforcements finally arrived, not even
Connaught's ghouls remained. He sacrificed them to buy
himself time, forcing them to scour the forest and preoccupy
the natives while he prepared Thaumaturgical rituals to
protect himself. (During Sunday mass, however, his wards
were undone by unexpectedly potent surges of faith, and he
arts on the following nights.)

had to rework hii

The new Sabbat took their place in Ville-Marie and
perpetuated the name of Les Acadiens, with Connaught as
pack priest. Although the Iroquois' aggression continued
well after 1666, with attacks on colonists and native tribes
allied with the French, it was the Sabbat — disguised as
natives — who were responsible for a great deal of the
brutality inflicted on their own coun-
trymen.

Chapter Two: History of Blood


Camarilla
Intercession

Dedicated to Saint Joseph, New France' first hospital, La
Maison de Mademoiselle Mance, was built in 1645. It was also
used to house newly arrived hospital nuns and Sulpicians from
France. Despite friction among the colonists, the leaders of New
France, and French King Louis XIV, people took up residence
outside the original fort in 1648

In 1653, in the midst of particularly brutal conflicts with the
Troquois, Montreal was blessed with the arrival of over 100 skilled
laborers who helped expand the colony. By 1663, the Sulpicians
took control of Montreal Island, which was followed by the arrival
of France's Carignan regiment. The military force was responsible
for building more forts and launching an initiative against the
Troquois that brought 20 years of peace to the region.

Events conspired against the Sabbat of Ville-Marie in
the mid-17th century. Despite the lack of hard evidence,
Camarilla authorities in France began to suspect wrongdo-
ing in the Ameri Reports of torture and rumors of
children being mutilated into living mounds of bone and
flesh were no longer attributed to the Iroquois. A subse-
quent investigation revealed the possibility of unapproved
emigration to New France. The Toreador quickly clamped

down by establishing control over the area and placing
pawns in key positions. Relations between colonists and the
bureaucracy of Quebec soured.

The Société de Notre-Dame de Montreal, a group of
investors in France that sponsored the Ville-Marie colo-
nists, was initially used by the Sabbat as a cover for their
flight west. As the Toreador's investigation of the colony
continued, the Sabbat pulled out of the Société de Notre-
Dame and searched for alternate routes to Montreal. The
religious orders still seemed to be the best avenues. Control
of the island was eventually moved out of the hands of
Société members and placed in the care of the religious
Sulpicians, who would be the Sabbat's next pawns. How-
ever, the Camarilla was ready for this move.

The ongoing war with the Iroquois was hurting the
Sabbat. By 1660, close to 20 Cainites had been killed and
there were no signs of peace. These fatalities inspired the
recording of the Sabbat's Liber Defuctorum, a Cainite ledger
of those who had been killed, similar to the Ville-Marie's
mortal account of those who died creating and defending
the colony. The Liber Defuctorum set the precedent for the
Litany of Blood that followed.

With the transfer of Montreal Island to the Sulpicians,
the Toreador immediately sent in the Carignan regiments
to "safeguard" the colonists. The army's real purpose was to
establish a Camarilla hegemony over the region. The Sabbat
reacted with hostility, as evidenced by the growingagitation
between French authorities and settlers. Camarilla spies

began tracking down suspected agents of the Sabbat, ou rin ]
ing them to induce false confessions, and eliminatin yl Ss
completely innocent families. The atrocities were agait
blamed on the native tribe

After close call
out during the Sev
winter famine and
protected when thre
surrendered in the }

On September
ritish and became
end of the Seven Ye
all of France's holdi
Camarilla rule

ery that made Pay
threatened to weal
what the Camarilla
The Toreador

and they knew it.
frivolous social ¢

When the military initiated its offensive against th
Iroquois, the Sabbat Dominated the settlers known as th.
capots bleus ("blue hoods") to misdirect the armies all ove
the New York countryside. It was only when it occurred t
the Sabbat to use the French army against the warring tribe
that the Iroquois were defeated. In 1667, a peace treaty wal
implemented, Although the Camarilla maintained a pres
ence in Ville-Marie, the Sabbat remained rooted in the
colony and was more in control than the Toreador would
ever admit. Indeed, the Sabbat was now two packs strong,
with Les Acadiens and Les Capots Bleus.

The City of
Black Miracles \sicinc

Troquois incursions resurfaced during the late 1680s and these three homes
continued until the Peace Accord of 1701. The War of the and as places to
League of Augsburg in Europe was echoed throughout the Camarilla Kindre
colonies as England and France came to blows. This was only Dominated —to'
one of many wars that threatened the fledging settlement. tothedeath.Mon
Montreal itself was graced with favorable luck, though, escaping but European To
occupation during both the War of the League of Augsburgand region without lo
the War of Spanish Succession. During the

In an attack that was blamed on the Iroquois, Les — close to being le
Capots Bleus, disguised as natives, wiped outover 24 settlers ingthe city toth
during a blood feast in the area of Lachine. Body parts were were not realize
left dangling from trees, and several adults were forced to power vacuum,
gorge on blood before they were drained. This period also. were in Boston
saw the emergence of two new covens, Les Misérables ("the annihilated all
Vile Ones") and the Shepherds of Caine. island. The city
British claimed
in. Though ot

Tt wi

Iso during this period that Montreal's Sabbat
began to notice unusual events that would later be termed

collectively "the Unknown." The incidents, ranging from _ British troops;
missing Cainites to failed Creation Rites and mysterious While th
attacks, all resulted from the trapped demon Metathiax's weighty Came
growing power. longer needed

Camarilla reg
ratified under
colony, becam

Stra

The Shepherds, having proven to be a potent coven,
sent their missionaries to other North American cities.
Many returned with the genealogical information and his-
tories of other packs; coupled with Montreal's own Liber
Defuctorum in 1740, the Litany of Blood was born.

During the War of the League of Augsburg, the expe-

dition launched against Montreal by the English was Under Br
abandoned following an outbreak of chicken pox. In the three districts:
War of Spanish Succession, the Bri were forced to ing the Treaty
withdraw twice; once due toa shortage of ships anda second districts were |
time when eight large transport vessels sank, drowning The Sulp
1,500 troops. In the last incident, many Sabbat scoured the order to maint
submerged wrecks and stole souvenirs and bodies. regarded with

Montreal by Night


the Sabbat, tortur-
_ and eliminating
cities were again

hsive against the
lers known as the
he armies all over
hen it occurred to
the warring tribes
A peace treaty was
aintained a pres-
ed rooted in the
Toreador would
wo packs strong,

Cs

@ late 1680s and
The War of the
1 throughout the
s. This was only
iging settlement

though, escaping
of Augsburg and

Iroquois, Les
ver 24 settlers
Body parts were
were forced to
his period also
lisérables ("the

atreal's Sabbat
ater be termed
, ranging from
hd mysterious
nh Metathiax's

potent coven,
lerican cities,
ation and his-
il's own Liber
born.

irg, the expe-
English was
1 pox. In the
te forced to

andasecond

k, drowning
tscouredthe — |
lies.

British Conquest

After close calls in two wars, Montreal's luck finally ran
out during the Seven Years War. Having suffered through
winter famine and other hardships, the city was inadequately
protected when three British armies converged on it. Montreal
surrendered in the face of superior forces

On September 8th, 1760, New France capitulated to the
British and became an English colony. Three years later, at the
end of the Seven Years War, the Treaty of Paris was signed and
all of France's holdings in Canada were ceded to Great Britain

Camarilla rule over New France was a sham. The debauch-
ery that made Paris so infamous spread to its colonies and
threatened to weaken Camarilla holdings in various cities, But
what the Camarilla didn't realize was the severity ofthe situation.

The Toreador who ruled Montreal were mere figureheads
and they knew it. They spent most of their time engaging in
frivolous apades in the mansions of Chateau de
Vaudreuil and Cha
dame Begon. The centers of Mont
these three homes served as feeding grounds for the Toreador,

social es

eau de Ramezay and in the home of

's socialite community,

and as places to engage in a variety of vile games. While
Camarilla Kindred watched, mortals were encouraged — and
Dominated — to rape slaves and participate in orgies and duels
tothedeath. Montreal eventually be
but European Toreador had no way of severing ties with the
region without losing theit

mea drain on clan

ets,

high standing in the Camarilla

During the Seven Years War, when New France
close to being lost, Montreal's Toreador fled to Paris, leav-

ing the city to the British. The consequences of their actions
were not realized until much later. Montreal was left with a
power vacuum, and the closest British Camarilla members
were in Boston. The Sabbat seized the opportunity and
annihilated all remnants of Camarilla presence on the
island. The city was under their quiet control by the time the
British claimed it, and more Camarilla vampires were sent
in. Though outnumbered by new Camarilla forces and
British troops, the Sabbat could not be rooted out of the city.

While the Sabbat-infested New France remained a
weighty Camarilla issue, the Toreador believed they no
longer needed to deal with it and did little to assist the new
Camarilla regime in Montreal. The fate of Canada was
ratified under the Treaty of Paris, Montreal, now a British
colony, became primarily a Ventrue concern.

Strathcona

Under British occupation, New France was divided into
three districts: Montreal, Quebec and Trois-Riviéres. Follow-
ing the Treaty of Paris in 1763, this was amended and the three
districts were brought together.

The Sulpicians were forced to assume British nationality in
order to maintain their ownership of the island. They had been
regarded with some suspicion following accusations that they

Chapter Two: History of Blood

may have exhumed the graves of British soldiers, but the matter boys and nuns
was dropped after 23 of the Sulpicians became British subjects. of Vicissitude
Control of the island was transferred from the seminary in Paris. Teligious figun
to the one in Montreal. misguided wor

1 s, iP Sts sf
The Ventrue appointed Kyle Strathcona as Prince of feastsandsaci

. Montreal, under the regency of Alexander Berryshire,Gover. Sabbatevenut

: nor of Quebec. Itwas hoped that Strathcona, aScot, wouldbe then enticed
well received in Montreal since French and Scot soldiers had _Tfthe Sak

ae i already fought together on several occasions. The Ventrue  misinformati¢

were mistaken in believing that the sense of history shared by Sabbat was nt
mortals would mean anything to the Sabbat. venting the faj
was responsib

Strathcona did remember much of his mortal history as a

i
cot; he had helped the French fight the British. While he pene |

Only pride pre
forhelp, and it

cooperated with his Camarilla superiors, he bore many deep-
ated grievance:

against the British and their many Ventrue:
supporters. The Sabbat Shepher

ensed Strathcona's anget
and thoughts of betrayal and chose to cultivate those qualities
inhim. They initially approached the prince in secret, without Ame
divulging their true allegiance; many years passed before they

finally revealed themselves to him. The Ame
colonies, and G

. Montreal, to ota
City of Faith bhi

gious freedom.

i After British occupation, Catholicism wasn't the only — Continental Cc
widely practiced religion of Montreal. The English brought their the belief that th
Protestant beliefs with them, and this opened the door to a With the

number of other denominations. The Anglicans met in the abandoned by (
Recollet Church in 1761, and the Presbyterians opened their incapable of wi
own church in 1792. A Methodist church was completed in landed on Nun
1821, followed by a Congressional church in 1833. While the of offendinghis
Baptists arrived as early as 1820, the Unitarians' struggle to force in the cit
open a house of worship didn't succeed until 1841. Benjamin Fiat

Montreal also became home to North America's first Franklin's rece
Young Men's Christian Association and a Jewish synagogue in Canadian init

1777. In 1831, Lower Canada (which included Montreal) was eventually fore

the first colony in the British Empire to bestow full political care of the Brit
freedom to the Jewish people. If Strath

The Sabbat was astonished to discover that the various _ clan more that
denominational churchesand temples thatdotted Montreal the primogen.
did not dilute its faith. To the contrary, varied and some- abandon the c
times-conflicting beliefs somehow enhanced the potency of Kindred joine
faith on the island. This proved to be the catalyst that and together
encouraged different Sabbat covens to harness faith and The Shi

direct it to their own Paths of Enlightenment. Of all the
groups, the Shepherds of Caine was the most ambitious and Cheese") anc
created the Path of Nocturnal Redemption. The group's rage, which
efforts, however, were actually born from contending with shore, Les V
the demon Metathiax, the source of malignancy that the
Cainites sensed on the island.

Voltigeurs (

Fromage and
ated the mer

Frustrated by their inability to manipulate faith itself, and 14 vamp
most covens concentrated their efforts on corrupting vari- of his men, a
ous priests, ministers and rabbis. They made ghouls of altar

Montreal by Night


nut the matter
itish subjects.
inary in Paris

of
hire, Gover-
‘ot, would be
‘oldiers had
‘he Ventrue
ry shared by

as Prins

[history asa
h. While he
many deep-
iny Ventrue
ona's anger
ose qualities
ret, without
before they

't the only
rought their
» door to a
met in the
pened their
mpleted in
. While the
struggle to

rica's firse
nagogue in
real) was
Ill political

je various
Montreal
nd some-
tency of
ilyst that
faith and
Mall the
tious and
& group's
ling with
that the

th itself,
ing vari-
sof altar

boys and nuns, made them more attractive through the use
of Vicissitude, and then forced them to seduce influential
teligious figures. The Sabbat forced corrupt clergy to direct
misguided worshippers to the Cainites' blood-cults and held
feasts and sacrifices in church pulpits. Posing as priests, some
Sabbat even used confessionals to discover hidden vices and
then enticed mortals with their own sins.

If the Sabbat held one thing over the Camarilla, it was
misinformation. The Camarilla truly believed that the
Sabbat was not only capable of manipulating and circum-
venting the faith that permeated Montreal, but that the sect
was responsible for freakish events attributed to the Un-
known (see "Historical Addendum" at the end of this
chapter). The Sabbat willingly fostered this reputation.
Only pride prevented the Ventrue from asking the Tremere
for help, and it was this arrogance that kept the Sabbat safe.

American Dreams

The American Revolution of 1776 swept through the 13
colonies, and Canada was included in the patriots' dream of eman-
cipation from the British. Britain, fearing that Quebec would rebel
during colonial unrest, ratified the Quebec Act two years earlier.
This established the boundaries of Quebec, reinstated French civil
law (while maintaining English criminal law) and guaranteed reli-
gious freedom. Montreal still had its share of sympathizers for the
Continental Congress of Philadelphia, though. That following led to
the belief that the city would fall in with the revolutionaries.

With the arrival of Congressional troops, Montreal was
abandoned by Governor Carleton, who deemed the city's defenses
incapable of withstanding invasion. General Montgomery, having
landed on Nun's Island, chose not to invade Montreal out of fear
of offending his French sympathizers. Instead he maintained asmall
force in the city and continued on to Quebec City. It was left to
Benjamin Pranklin to woo the islanders into joining Congress, but
Franklin's reception among the clergy left much to be desired. The
Canadian initiative went badly for the Americans, who were
eventually forced to retreat from Canada, Montreal was back in the
care of the British

pire.
If Strathcona resented the Ventrue before, he hated his
clanmore than ever now. With the threat of colonial secession,

the primogen and Camarilla Kindred of Montreal took steps to

abandon the city in order to salvage their precious power. Many
Kindred joined Governor Carleton on his exodus from Montreal,
and together they fled straight into a Sabbat trap.

The Shepherds sent in three nomadic packs — Les
Voltigeurs (‘the Acrobats"), Le Gris Fromage ("Gray
Cheese") and Bloodfoot — to ambush the escaping entou-
rage, which had taken to the river. Hidden on the river
shore, Les Voltigeurs fired on the caravan while Le Gris
Fromage and Bloodfoot remained underwater and eviscer-
ated the men they dragged off the boats. Of the 130 troops
and 14 vampires escorting the governor, only Carleton, five
of his men, and three Kindred managed to escape.

Strathcona was among the few Camarilla Kindred left in
Montreal. The others called him a lunatic for staying, and he
himself expected to die. Instead, Strathcona was invited to
join the Sabbat under the sponsorship of the Shepherds. The
Sabbat were very close to claiming the city openly, but needed
to eliminate the Camarilla's presence and scare the sect
enough to prevent its return. Outright warfare would not be
sufficient, and the Shepherds believed that the conversion of
Strathcona would help the Camarilla make the decision; they
simply needed to wait for the right time to act.

Impressed by the Sabbat sense of community and tired
of Camarilla games, Strathcona joined the sect. When
Camarilla forces did return to the city, Strathcona contin-

ued to pose as prince and as an adjudicator of Ventrue will.

Secretly, he helped plan a S:

The Deceiving Eye

Several decades passed before the island was threatened again,
but those few years of peace allowed Montreal to prosper. The
newspaper that would eventually become The Gazette (Montreal's
leading English newspaper) began publication in 1778
Multimillionaires such as McTavish, Molson, Drummond,
Frobisher and McGill created financial empires that put Montreal
and its 25,000 inhabitants on the world's economic map.

In 1793, the act of bringing new slaves into Lower Canada
was declared illegal. Slavery itself was abolished in 1833 by
British Parliament. Indoor plumbing was established in 1801.
The first gas-powered streetlight was erected in 1815, and
Montreal's police force was founded. Beyond the. 1813 scare of
American forces invading Quebec, these were progressive years

bbat coup.

The Sabbat waited to take power, but that's not to say
that they were idle. The Shepherds had already assisted in
the first Sabbat Inquisition, while various nomadic war
Voltigeurs and Bloodfoot remained in
Montreal, awaiting the coming conflict. These two packs,
comprising French and native Sabbat, were created to help

packs such as 1

with city invasions, and usually remained around until a job
was done or they died. Les Voltigeurs and Bloodfoot were
ed in North America

The Widows was also formed during this quiet period.
The pack quickly garnered a reputation for its brothel and
for the depravity of its customers. Pedophilia, geriatrophilia,

the first two war packs ci

necrophilia, coprophilia, bestiality, sadism, masochism,
res were encouraged.

Mortals addicted to one sexual fetish were forced to commit

bondage and numerous other des

other deviant acts. While this was taxing on — and often
deadly to— the Widows' "staff," patrons were made brothel
whores to replace the Cainites who were lost.
Meanwhile, the city's Ventrue fell into a comfortable
pattern and dropped their guard. Many had even been
corrupted by the Sabbat and visited such places as the
Widows' brothel. Montreal was becoming Canada's major
commercial center, and the Camarilla of the island enjoyed

Chapter Two: History of Blood

the wealth they reaped. The cliquish ancillae were already
likened to an "old boys' club," and few neonates were
welcomed into the city. Strathcona watched as his supposed
brethren spent their nights managing their useless wealth or
carousing under the roofs of The Beaver Club, the Exchange
Coffee House or the Mansion House Hotel. The waiting
time had come to an end; it was time for the Sabbat to act.

Sabbat
Triumphant

With the British loss of the American colonies, many
Loyalists (mortals who were still loyal to Britain) fled to
Canada. They settled primarily around the Great Lakes and in
the Eastern Townships. This influx of British subjects de-
manded that Canada be divided into two separate entities,
known as Upper and Lower Canada, with Montreal as part of
the latter. This immediately created friction as government
representation between the two regions was to be equal, but the
actual population count gave Lower Canada a 14-to-1 advan-
tage over Upper Canada. To make matters worse, 500,000
French Canadians were underrepresented in government and
were paid salaries close to half of those received by their English
counterparts (whose population numbered only 75,000)

With tensions nearing the breaking point, the two factions
each took their political corners; in one was the Fils de la Liberté,
which represented the French, while British honor was upheld by
the Loyalists and the secretive Doric Club. Ina fateful rally that
began the actual 1837-1838 Rebellions, the two groups came
face to face and a riot was barely averted. Later, Governor-
General Gosford ordered the arrest of Les Patriotes in an effort
to quash the fledgling movement, but only succeeded in strength-
ening his opposition's resolve. A full-fledged revolt followed.

Martial law was declared in Montreal, and by April, 58
Patriotes were exiled and another 12 were executed. Later,
another 64 were shipped off to the penal colony of Australia and
10 more were put to the gallows. The British minority retained
control of Montreal.

Strathcona's decoy was a complete success. The
primogen of Montreal were aware that something was amiss
with their prince, but believed it had more to do with his
liberal stance toward the French majority than with his
actual Sabbat ties. Mithras, the Ventrue Prince of London,
sanctioned Montreal's primogen to remove Strathcona
from power, but advised them to move slowly lest they make
a martyr of him amongst his French supporters.

The primogen formed the Doric Club to facilitate their
control over the already subservient Loyalists. In an attempt
to discredit the Fils de la Liberté, the Doric Club tried to draw
the rabble-rousers into an armed conflict, hoping to pin the
blame on the French and Strathcona. The primogen moved,
however, without thinking of the repercussions of their ac-
tions, and had no inkling that the plot would be usedas a cover

for a Sabbat offensive. The Camarilla was caught completely
unaware as the Sabbat themselves rioted. By the middle of
December, most of the primogen were dead or being tortured,
and Montreal belonged to the Sabbat. No one outside North)
America became aware of these events until April, when the
dust had settled. Yet Strathcona, even with the support of the.
Shepherds, only retained control of the city through
Monomancy duels with other contenders and by proving his
dedication to the Sabbat by torturing former Camarilla allies.

Despite allegations that the Sabbat takeover was accom:
plished through Camarilla tactics, Strathcona was admired for
his cunning. However, the former prince realized that taking

Montreal was not enough; the Sabbat needed ammunition for
the future and the only thing that would impede the British
e. Since the Ventrue
were already embroiled in a conflict with the Tremere of
lana laughing

stock. The Ventrue therefore did the only thing they could to,

Ventrue from counterattacking was disgra

England, the loss of Montreal would make thee

protect themselves: They covered up their loss, the abdication:
of a clan prince and the fact that they allowed their guard to
drop (the very same error that they accused the Toreador of
committing when that clan was in control of the region).
Strathcona knew the Ventrue would break down. He
also realized that because Montreal was still "officially"
under Camarilla rule, the Ventrue could not attempt to
retake it openly. Yet, the main advantage that Strathcona
Il believed that
Montreal's fall was motivated by French cultural pride. The

had over the Ventrue was that they

Ventrue were completely oblivious to the fact that the
French, just like the English, were chattel to be used as
decoys and cannon fodder. As longas Strathcona could hide
his agenda behind the French patriot movement, Ventrue

efforts to restore control would fail.

Belle Epoque

By the 1840s, Montreal had a population of 40,000.
Following the rebellions, Upper and Lower Canada were merged
into a single territory, and Montreal was its capital. With the
dredging of Lac Saint-Pierre, the city also ranked as one of the
world's largest inland seaports.

Strathcona watched with amusement as the Ventrue
attempted to placate the French population with more ben-
efits
to convince others that Montreal was s

and greater leniency. Although the British did their best

secure, the fact re-

marilla Kindred were left on the island.

mained that no C
Virtually everyone knew Montreal was under Sabbat control,
but no one said anything for fear of Ventrue reprisal. The
situation was a powder keg, and Strathcona held the match.

When it was proposed that Montreal be named the
capital of Canada, Strathcona convinced the Sabbat to play
along. It would be the Camarilla's final lesson. Appreciating
the irony of the situation, the Shepherds lent their support
to Strathcona, who, in turn, lobbied for Montreal's eligibil-

Montreal by Night

ity. The Ventr
most prominen
to lobby agains
would be mets
made tostop th
became Canad
sheep were ch
interests in th
short of a deat

The

Montreal's
short-lived. Ind
before the Assen
in the rebellions
during them. T
claiming that the
made no distinc

Despite th
Elgin, who su
Later that sam
set ablaze, des

of various wor
was moved to


ught completely
y the middle of
being tortured,
¢ outside North
April, when the
1e support of the
> city through
d by proving his
Camarilla allies.
ver Was accom-
wasadmired for
ized that taking
ammunition for
yede the British
nce the Ventrue
he Tremere of
slana laughing-
ig they could to
,the abdication
| their guard to

the region).

eak down. He
rll "officially"
jot attempt to
jat Strathcona
believed that
ital pride. The
fact that the
to be used as
nacould hide
nent, Ventrue

mn of 40,000.
la were merged
vital. With the
das one of the

the Ventrue
ith more ben-
did their best
, the fact re-
mn the island.
ibbat control,
reprisal. The
id the match.
e named the
abbat to play
\ ppreciating
their support

eal'seligibil-

ity. The Ventrue were in a bind. Since Montreal was the
most prominent city in the colony of Canada, any attempts
to lobby against Strathcona (a supposed Camarilla prince)
would be met with suspicion. The minor efforts that were
made to stop the application were insufficient, and Montreal

's seat of power. While a few Ventrue black
ent clan

became Canad
sheep were chosen by the British court to repre

interests in the new capital, the assignment was nothing
short of a death s

The Last Straw

Montreal's glory as the capital of the Canadian province proved
shortlived. In the formative months of 1849, several bills were put
before the Assembly. One proposed amnesty to those who participated
in the rebellions, and financial compensation to those who suffered
during them. The English immediately registered their opposition,
dlaiming that the bill rewarded the rebels for their treasonous acts and
made no distinction between Loyalists and traitors.

Despite the debate that resulted, the bill was ratified by Lord
Elgin, who subsequently became the target of open hostility
Later that same evening, the Canadian Parliament building was
set ablaze, destroying government records and 22,000 volumes
of various works. The next day, riots broke out and the capital
was moved to Quebec City.

ntence.

The Ventrue weren't surprised by the events that unfolded
They began to understand the rules of the game

in Montre:
being played and realized it was time to withdraw. Strathcona
controlled the island too well, and the Sabbat were too deeply
entrenched to be easily removed. The Ventrue labeled the
Assembly riots — which had absolutely nothing to do with the

Sabbat — as physical Sabbat invasions of the city. The "accu-
sation" allowed the Ventrue to wash their hands of the situation,
They dismissed their losses as attacks by a superior force and
didn't have to admit to the treason of the city's prince.

Fin de Siecle

While wars were foughtin distant lands, Montreal enjoyed the
relative quiet of the last decades of the 19th century. Of course, the
island was subjected to fires, pestilence, floods and the odd revolt,
but these growing pains were part of Montreal's development
Montreal's growth was particularly evident in its technological
gains. The Victoria Bridge, completed in 1860, was the first link
between the island and the mainland. The Saint Lawrence River
was opened to sea-going vessels. Additionally, the city gained its first
electric streetlights in July of 1886.

With Confederation in 1867, Canada was no longer a
territory but a country. The Sulpicians, still the seigneurs
(lords) of the island, were responsible for helping to open at least

Chapter Two: History of Blood


13 different schools, including a branch of Université Laval
Montreal had become the largest city in Canada, and had a
population of 216,650 by the end of the century

While the mortal populace went about trying to cope
with floods, fires, and daily life in general, the Sabbat was
involved in skirmishes with lycanthropes who weren't linked
with the native tribes of the Montre

| region. Irish-Ameri-
cans, fueled by the fervor of the American Civil War and
their hatred for England, decided to invade Canada in 1866.
This Fenian movement was named after the fabled Fianna
warrior band of Ireland. While the matter was resolved at
Cook's Corner with the death of 10 mortal Fenians, the
Sabbat covens of Montreal encountered the Irish-Ameri-
cans' werewolf counterparts. Skirmishes were fought and
the Fenian werewolves proved to be potent adversaries.

Two werewolves were killed, and the remaining four es-
caped after being severely wounded.

The New Century

The 20th century brought many changes to Montreal. In
addition to civil unrest and various strikes, the early 1900s saw
a demand for more liberal freedoms (much to the chagrin of
various religious groups). A decade after the invention of the
automobile, the new sport of car racing was introduced to an

enthusiastic Montreal crowd. Finally , the Quimetoscope , North
America's first movie house, was opened

Les Voltigeurs departed from Montreal in the early
20th century. However, Montreal was still home to 20
Sabbat, including the newly arrived Orangemen pack (named

aftera local group of thugs who harassed voters at the polling

stations); Les Misérables (still going strong); the Widows,
the Librarians; and the Shepherds, who were searching for
anew leader. Beyond those Cainites, several nomadic packs
also frequented the region.

The Eucharist
Congress

The paramount event of 1910 was the Eucharist Congress. It
brought 40 Catholic cardinals, 100 bishops and archbishops, and
over 400,000 pilgrims to Montreal. The Congress caused a
veritable flood of devotion to wash over the city. Notre-Dame
Basilica was packed to overflowing on five different occasions, and
5000 adherents took communion in a single midnight mass.

The Congress was proof of the power inherent to
Montreal's faithful. While mortals prayed in their churches,
the Shepherds, along with the Librarians (another Sabbat

Montreal by Night


scope, North

n the early
ome to 20
ack (named
thepolling
1e Widows;
arching for
nadic packs

ogress, It
ishops, and
5 caused a
otre-Dame
asions, and
Mass.
herent to
churches,
et Sabbat

Lingering Garou?

The lycanthropes who fought in the Fenian raids
werenever known to resurface. Yet, one Garouhas been.
spotted in and around Montreal's sewer system since the

| 1960s. He has been described as pestilent, ratlike and
more deformed than what was encountered in 1870.
The city's modern Sabbat occasionally send mortal bait
tied to a rope into the sewers to lure our this creature.
They call it "fishin'." Something in the sewers invari-
ably kills the bait, The Sabbat do not realize that the

"something" is the hideously repugnant, and obese
Nosferatu, Elias the Whale, Every time the "creature" is
sighted, the Sabbat send several patrols into the sewer
system to find the werewolf, but to no avail. (Exuberant
Sabbat keep dropping pipe bombs down manholes dur-
ing such searches, nailing gas lines or other Sabbat.)
| There is a werewolf who ventures into Montreal's
Sewers, but,he has nothing to dowith the 19th-century
Fenian raid, He's Black Spiral Dancer named Leperhead.

) The(Dancer is a secret worshipper of Metathiax, and he
uses the sewers and Saint Lawrence Seaway, to travel in
and out of Montreal. Only the Nosteratu)Blias the Whale
andtheenigmati¢ Daughter ofCacophony Muse have had
any contact with Leperhead, Both know thathe maintains
astable of deformed creatures'in the sewers. Muse and the
infetnalist/ Pierre Bellemare are the only ones who know
thay'the monsters are actually Cainites that Metathiax hay
kidnapped and twisted into shambling/monstrosities.

The presence of the démon Metathiax tesigns other
Garou to the beliefthar the island's old caernis lost; they
refuse to set foot on, the place. (Their last effdrt to cleanse
the caern several Centuries ago failed and ultimately, re-
sulted in the death 6f the Hochelaga‘Huron community.)

coven), hosted the Conference of Caine; it was their own

forum dedicated to belief and solidarity. The covens' guests
included some of the most prestigious followers and philoso-
phers of the Paths of Caine, Death and the Soul and

Harmony, and even some Cathari attended. The week was

devoted to blood feasts, debates, conferences and readings
from the Litany of Blood.
Other events occurred, too. Orangemen kidnapped

al dozen pilgrims and demanded that the

and tortured s

ve
mortals recant their faiths in an Inquisition-style blood-
bath. The Widows s
Eucharist Congress and shredded their beliefs during orgies
of Vicissitude. For their part, Les Misérables induced reve-
latory visions by using Dementation on victims.

duced high-ranking clergy from the

The Conference of Caine was probably best remem-
bered as the catalyst that put an end to the Sabbat's bloody
civil war. It brought rival factions together under an unspo-
ken treaty. Many who attended the conference were

impressed by Montreal's Litany of Blood and saw itas a tool
to help keep the Sabbat united. Those who inscribed their
histories in it became part of a rejuvenated Sabbat.

The World at War

The world suffered terrible hardships in the second decade of the
20thcentury, and Montreal was swept up by the currentof those dark
days. The accomplishments of progress no longer shone with the same
brilliance. Technological advancements no longer astounded a more
sophisticated populace. Mount Royal was run through, its flanks
pierced by a new tunnel that linked opposite sides of the mountain.
Influenza struck with a vengeance. The crypt of the Basilica of St
Joseph's Oratory (one of Montreal's most famous landmarks) was
consecrated. The people of Montreal fought in the First World War.

It wasn't World War I, but the opening of the tunnel
beneath Mount Royal, that captured the Sabbat's attention.
The Shepherds — aware that a cancerous evil lurked under the

mountain — would not have been the least bit surprised if
demons emerged at the construction site. They were pleasantly
surprised by the uneventful opening of the new train tunnel.
However, their fe:
bers of the Orangemen vanished while "running the gauntlet"

er made realities when two mem-

through the tunnel. (In modern times, only the most foolish
Sabbat run the tunnel. No fewer than six vampires to date have
vanished beneath Mount Royal, all thanks to Metathiax.)
Though the war was not the Sabbat's primary concern,
they certainly took notice. Many began to wonder how
drafts would affect their feeding stock. Although the Shep-
herds knew they would be unable to stop the war effort, they
did manage to manipulate the Church to speak out against

the recruitment drive. But, just as they suspected, their

effort wasn't enough to stem the flood of volunteers.

The Second Calm

Despite the darkness of the Depression and World War II,
Montreal's character was preserved. The Jacques-Cartier and
Mercier bridges were built in 1929 and 1934 respectively, forming
new bonds between the island and mainland Canada. The French
nationalist movement was given impetus during French General
Charles DeGaulle's visit in the 1950s. Also, a subway system,
christened "The Metro," was built in the early ‘60s

Cainite nightlife in Montreal changed with each pa:
ing week in the mid-20th century, but those changes seemed
inconsequential compared to those that occurred world-
wide. The Orangemen coven left Montreal for the U.S.,
making way for the arrival of the Navigators and the
Mattachine. Archbishop Strathcona, finally recognized for

his outstanding contributions to the Sabbat, was elevated in
rank to cardinal. Véronique La Cruelle— the sole survivor
of the Widows pack following the fire that destroyed its
brothel in 1911 — took Strathcona's place as archbishop.

Chapter Two: History of Blood 29


‘The decades following World War II awakened and transformed
Montreal and the whole province of Quebec. The conservative-
Catholic paradigm continued to reign supreme until the late 1950s, but
the seeds of change were being sown as immigration continued and the
city evolved. In 1960, a pent-up desire for change swept through the
province like wildfire. The "Quiet Revolution" elected a provincial
government of progressive intellectuals who backed Premier Jean
Lesage. Waves of anticlerical sentiment gripped the population and a
vision of Quebec as a modem French-speaking nation-state emerged.
Atthe same time, Canada relaxed its immigration laws and Montreal
became even more of a melting pot. Afro-Caribbeans, Arabs, Latin-
Americans and others staked out portions of the cit:

The postwar period was the heyday of Véronique La
Cruelle. A former member of the Widows, she quickly
gained the support of the various covens through alliances,

torture, seduction and sheer charisma.

Monomancy dui
She was also Strathcona's lover, so her appointment to the
rank of archbishop surprised no one.

Asarchbishop, La Cruelle backed the city's immigrant
settlements, pleasing the Shepherds with an injection of
different theological and philosophical outlooks. She also
preserved the city's heritage. Her mortal slaves spearheaded
‘ore Old Montreal to its former glory,

a movement to re
ensuring the existence of its cobblestone streets and labyrin-
ages. The Opening of the Litany, a Cainite
summer festival, gained many ofits current artistic trappings
under Véronique's influence. The atmosphere of growth
and liberalism that she created attracted new covens to the
city, including the Navigators and Zarnovich's Circus.

thine secret pas

Not all was well for the Sabbat, though. Jonah, the
Camarilla Prince of Ottawa, saw Quebec's increase in French-
Canadian nationalism as grounds for "retaking" Montreal.
Trouble also arose when Québécois missionaries returned
from Haiti in 1948 with a small group of Haitian profession-
als. Among the foreigners was Jérar, a Follower of Set and
servant of the ancient Setite Ghede. He spun a web of

corruption in the city.

The October Crisis

By the late 1960s, the Quiet Revolution had created a
polarization in Québécois society between those who wished for
the province to become an independent state and those who
wished for it to remain a part of the federal system. The most
radical elements of the former camp formed the Front de
Libération du Québec. The FLQ was a small terrorist move-
‘ment. Its semi-independent cells blew up a series of symbolic
targets over several months and inflicted no casualties. How-
ever, British Trade Representative James Cross and Federal

Montreal by Night

Minister Pierre Laporte were kidnapped in 1970. Laporte wa
killed, and the federal government responded by declariny
martial law on the city. Troops entered Montreal and conducté,
widespread arrests in October.

The October Crisis marked the peak of Prince Jonah
campaign to capture Montreal. Taking a page from the
Shepherds' tactics in the 19th century, Véronique La Cruelk
fueled the fervor of Montreal's radical fringe. Québécoi
nationalism had always been a mortal-driven phenomenon,
but the archbishop upped the ante by encouraging tht
formation of the FLQ. Her efforts forced Jonah to step up his
plans. Martial law was declared as a desperate measure t
suppress the Sabbat before things went completely out of
control. Many of the troops entering the city were Camarilly

ghouls, and they were followed by several vampires wha
IS,

hoped to uncover enemies' lairs by rounding up "radic:

The Camarilla agents played right into Véroniquet
hands. Few Sabbat had any direct links to the nationalists
‘arch uncovered little. As night fell, the Sabbat
emerged en masse and decimated the Camarilla invaders,

and the

ei

forcing Jonah to retreat back to Ottawa.

The War
with the Setites

In the late 1960s, a large number of Haitians arrived in
Montreal, benefiting from Canada's liberal immigration laws.
The prospect of living in a French-speaking city was attractive
to Haitians, who fled repression and economic collapse in theit
own country, By the 1990s, the city's 30,000 Haitians made up
one-third of its black population.

The Setite Jérar, who wi ready established in:
Montreal, learned of the impending arrival of servants of
Ezuli (the rival of Jérar's master, Ghede). Playing on Sabbat
fears that the Serpents would ride Canada's wave of immi-
arrival. A Sabbat war
party greeted the Setites and destroyed Jérar's competition

gration, Jérar leaked news of Ezuli's

in the city before it even arrived.

Jérar's own presence in Montreal was not exposed until
1972, when the Shepherd Yitzhak discovered a blood-cult
led by Jérar's childe, Moise. A Sabbat war party broke up the
next cult gathering and learned of

's serpentine roots.

Even after small victories over the Setites, the Sabbat
was hard-pressed to deal with the city's entrenched Ser-
pents. The cult of Jérar had spread to encompass the circles
of municipal power, and Jérar used this influence to launch
a campaign of random construction throughout the down-
town core. The Sabbat scrambled to protect their
underground communal haven.

Many Sabbat felt that the city and their havens sur-
vived because of arrival of Sangris, a Haitian Serpent of the
Light who was well versed in the ways of the Sand-Snakes.

He organizeda:
Shepherds an¢
snake-hunters
notice. Those
opened politic
The Old Mon
control and th
Unbeknor
neutralize mar
on two fronts:
spirits to help}
pered. One by
destroyed by t
captured after
bishop Véron,
vampiric leath
ingest small sy
When Jér
Sangris realize
over. He nee
standing in the
elevate him
Metathiax for
Light's plan ot
power was toc


. Laporte was
by declaring

ind conducted

‘ince Jonah'
ge from the
ue LaCruelle
Québécois
1enomenon,
uraging the
ostep up his
measure to
etely out of
eCamarilla
mpires who
> "radicals."

Véronique's

nationalists
the Sabbat
a invaders,

S

s arrived in
ation laws.
S attractive
pse in their
nsmade up

lished in
ervants of
on Sabbat
tof immi-
abbat war
npetition

sed until
lood-cult
keup the
‘oots.

e Sabbat
hed Ser-
lecircles
>launch
edown-
tt their

ens sur-
itof the
Snakes.

He organized pack ofsnake-hunters with the support of the
Shepherds and targeted the Setites' mortal pawns. The
snake-hunters destroyed several cults, forcing Jérar to take
notice. Those humans likely to be promoted to newly

opened political positions were Dominated by the Sabbat.
The Old Montreal renovation efforts reverted to Sabbat
control and the tide of war against the Setites changed.
Unbeknownst to all, Sangris called upon infernal aid to
neutralize many of the voodoo cultists. It was a war fought
Without their
spirits to help them, the Setites' efforts were severely ham-
pered, One by one, they were dragged from their pits and
destroyed by the Sabbat. By the end of 1974, Moise was
captured after another Setite cracked under torture. Arch-

on two fronts: one visible and one invisibl.

bishop Véronique used Vicissitude to turn Moise into a
vampiric leather jacket. (She was known to tear away and
ingest small swatches of skin-fabric from the jacket.)

When Jérar was the only remaining Setite in Montreal,
almost
He needed one demonstration to cement his
standing in the Sabbat community —something that would
elevate him to the rank of archbishop. He turned to
Metathiax for help. The demon agreed to the Serpent of
Light's plan only because the chance to put an infernalist in
power was too good to pass up.

Sangtis real

d that his usefulness in the city w

The Shepherds traditionally held a citywide blood feast
on Twelfth Night of each year. Sangris identified the "meals"
‘0 poison their blood.
Sabbat who drank from them fell into deep torpor, and only

of choice and used Metathiax's disea

Sangris and Pierre Bellemare (each protected by an infernal
pact), Elias (warned not to drink by Sangris) and the nomadic
Road Wolves pack (which arrived late) es

‘ape

Sangris accused Jérar of corrupting the ceremony and
"uncovered" his location by using the diseased mortals as
links to the Setite temple. (Actually, Sangris had uncovered

the location of the temple during the interrogation of a

Setite prisoner, but waited for the right time to use the
information.) He sent the Road Wolves to attack head-on.
Jérar destroyed them, which created enough of a distraction
to allow the others to sneak into the building using Elias'
knowledge of the underground.

Elias, Sangris and Pierre were set upon by Setite cultists
and their spirit alli

‘lias feasted on two of Jérar's childer,
and therefore did not witness the Thaumaturgical battle
that was waged among Jérar, Sangris and Pierre. Infernal
flames eventually engulfed the whole temple, consuming
the Setites and sparing the Sabbat.

The poisoned Sabbat slowly recovered from the ordeal,
but upon awakening realized that several of their number
had vanished. The others had only vague memories of dark

Chapter Two: History of Blood


yy
e)° se
_ <
fi
d \
By
- a
\
ae i \ e

yf i" t+
Maniinitest 2 =|

y t Aamo TT tit d

shapes moving among them. (Metathiax decided to claima
few of the bodies for his enjoyment and took those who
suited his dark pleasure.) Véronique was among the missing
and Sangris stepped forward as her replacement. Since those
who could contend with Sangris were too weak to fight for
the archdiocese (Metathiax kept his diseases active in those
who could claim the title), and the Shepherds supported
Sangris' claim, he was declared archbishop.

The Setite temple ruins, dubbed the "Snake Pit" by the
Sabbat, still stand on Boyer Street in Montreal North, Few
people dare venture there, but the Shepherds keep watch
over the ruins. Some fear that survivors of Jérar's cult have
gone underground and now worship him as a martyred god.

The Rule
of Sangris

The late ‘70s and ‘80s were periods of political and
economic instability. The nationalist Parti Québécois was elected
to provincial power in 1976 and led the province to a first
referendum on sovereignty in 1980. Even after defeat at the
ballot box, the nationalist movement never died, and the people
became increasingly polarized.

The recessions of the early ‘70s and ‘80s caused great
misery, and Montreal began to rot. The downtown core fell into
disrepair as businesses moved away, and the spread of poverty
and homelessness increased. The rich got richer and ethnie
tensions flared.

In 1990 the city wimessed standoffs in nearby Oka and
Chataugay. Armed Mohawks defended lands that they consid:
ered sacred. The Canadian Army backed the white developers
who laid claim to the lands. The Mohawks were eventually
forced to leave, but succeeded in stalling developmental efforts
and capturing media attention.

Despite some ethnic tensions between vampires, most
Sabbat remember Sangris' rule as a prosperous time. To
appease the Shepherds, he brought peace tothe city, provid.
ing the thinkers with the environment they needed to
pursue their goals. To those who craved combat he provided
a convenient target: the Camarilla of Ottawa.

Prince Jonah never fully recovered from his 1970
. Sangris mounted a series of attacks against Jonah's
supporters, resulting in the prince's destruction at the hands
of one of his own primogen in 1978. Sangris then main.
tained attacks on the city, sowing fear into the capital and
turning it into the weak Sabbat playground that it is today.

defes

32 Montreal by Night

Te wat
violent, th
Montreal, |

Sangt
from the
protected
to have tri
she was al
other Sab]
the native
the Garou

Ultim
apparently
city were |
uncovered

The

The 0
arrived in |
lasted forth
havenand|
the archbis
buthe flatly
exposing hi

Dui
oped hin
his ace i

San
already |
belonged
himself fi
ered tha
Metathia
Sangrisj¢

Ifhe
be in'cor
pact; but
domain.
Sangris
Thaumat
his salva

Wh
grace, Sa
switched
happene

Linquisita

DeS
thay alle
entities,

rectum fi


S caused great
mcore fell into
ead of poverty
er and ethnic

irby Oka and
it they consid-
ite developers
re eventually
nental efforts

npires, most
us time. To
city, provid-
i needed to
he provided

n his 1970
inst Jonah's
itthe hands
then main-
capital and
litis today.

It was this combination of outlets, both intellectual and
violent, that allowed for the coexistence of diverse Sabbat in
Montreal. (Now, however, those same forces tear the city apart.)

Sangris also wisely directed the Sabbat to stay away
from the Oka Crisis, knowing of the werewolves who
protected the Mohawks. The Navigator Céléste is rumored
tohave tried to run supplies to the Mohawks, but some say
she was atta
other Sabbat, posing as Canadian soldiers, tried to harass

ked by Lupines and barely escaped. Several

the natives, but were destroyed shortly after they realized
the Garou didn't have a sense of humor.
pite his

apparently positive reforms. Among the many visitors to the

Ultimately, Sangris seemed to meet his end de:

city were Tristan and Isolde, two knight inquisitors who
uncovered evidence of his infernalism.

The Trial

The tribunal led by Judge Inquisitor Santiago DeSoto
arrived in Montreal in May of 1992 and staged a trial that
lasted for three months. The tribunal took over the communal
haven and began proceedings with a formal accusation against
the archbishop. Many were
buthe flath
exposing him, he claimed to have acted alone. DeSoto and his

ready to step to Sangris' defense,
{mitted his guilt. Congratulating the tribunal for

associates were convinced that the Serpent had accomplices;
the trial featured torturous interrogations of Sangris and the
questioning of suspects. Sangris strategically admitted to hav-
ingasmall cabal of mortal slaves, which was added to the Black
Grove. (The Black Grove is a stand of humans-turned-
blackened-trees that was ated in 1927 after the
Malkavian infernalist Cedilia of the

Tongue.) The defendant implicated no other vampires, claim-

trial-in-absentia of the

ing that the unbridled ambition of many Sabbat members
provided him with more than enough assistance.

Every vampire in the city was questioned during the
tribunal. Those who had close ties to the archbishop were
examined particularly closely. Mostsuspicion fell on Sangris'
childe Ezekiel — who was recalled from the Black Hand —
and on those who had accompanied Sangris during his final
battle with Jérar. By August, the tribunal was confronted
with the fact that Sangris truly didseem to have acted alone.

On the 15th of the month, the Sabbat of the city enacted
-fé and took their vengeance on the infernalist. The
execution rite reached its peak two nights later, when DeSoto

the auto-¢

appeared to destroy Sangris witha gout of Thaumaturgical fire.
The tribunal closed, but unconfirmed rumors persist that
knight inquisitors returned to the city to continue the hunt for
accomplices. DeSoto retired from the Inquisition in October
and took up residence in Montreal,

During Sangris' ‘final seconds, when DeSoto envel-
oped him inSearing Thatimaturgi
hi

iI flames, Sangris played

e in the hole.

Sangris' arrival in Montreal was not coincidental. He was
already bound to Bothothel — a demon of disease that
belonged to the order of Decani — and sought a way to free
himself from his infernal contract. It was then that he discov-
ered that one of Bothothel's brethren, a demon named
Metathiax, held providence over the island of Montreal.
‘Sangris journeyed to the island and prepared for his own death.

Ifhedied on the island, Sangris reasoned, his soul would
be in'contention. Bothothel would claim him by right of
pact, But-Metathiax would be sure to demand him based on
dotiiain, Even the briefest of seconds might be enough for
Sangris- to find refuge elsewhere. Crafting a Spirit
Thaumaturgy ritual into his very skin, Sangris prepared for
his salvation at the very moment of his destruction.

When Inquisitor DeSoto administered the coup de
grate, Sangris' latent ritual was activated and his soul
switched places with DeSoto's. Nobody realized what had
happened as Sangris walked away in DeSoto's body and the
inquisitor-was left to face twofirate demons.

DeSoto, however, was not without resources, Rather
thay allowing himself to. bé ripped asunder' by, the) two
entities, the -inquisitor proposed that he be allowed to
fetumn torthemortalrealmyto find Sangrisforthe demor

Tangled Skeins

soul would go,to Bothothel, while DeSoto would
find a suitable replacément Cainite for Metathiax.

Merathiax agreed to the deal and chose Cedilia of the
Tongue, a Ma an antitribu infernalist who had escaped
him 60 years before. (In fact, Cedilia had become an
acolyte of Bothothel in Haiti, so Metathiax was more than
happy to agree to the bargain in order to exact roundabout
gainst Bothothel.)

DeSoto's soul was returned to Montreal in the body of
Terrence DeBouville, the several-hundred-year-old mor"
tal infernalist who originally brought Metathiax to:
Montreal. Metathiax hatched his own plot, thouglAfter
DeSoto was placed in DeBouville's body, Metathiax used

Sangri

revenge

his connection to DeBouville to induce amnesia and began
altering DeSoto's new body to look like Sangris'»He also,
altered DeSoto's thoughts so that he believed he was
Sangris, and changed DeSoto's objective so that'he now
hunted for Cedilia of the Tongue and "Inquisitor DeSoto"
(whose body was now home to Sangris' soul).

Metathiax hopes that by making DeSoto look, act and
believe that he is the Setite Sangris, Bothothel will claim
DeSoto when he dies, apparentlyfulfilling the contract,
between the'demon and the original Sangris"Injthe méan-
time, Metathiax has assigned Pierre Bellemare, anothéragenty
tovbait the true Sangris-into,a trap by, corrupting Sangtis"
childe Ezekiel

Chapter Two: History of Blood

33


resent Day

The 1990s have only seen a worsening of the decay and
polarization in Montreal. Urban renewal has been attempted, but
the city still bears the scars of undeveloped lots and rotting buildings
Meanwhile, tensions and violence between different ethnic groups
has increased. Political division has been aggravated by a second
referendum on Quebec's future, which resulted in an even split and
apromise of a third vote to come very soon. Hope seems to leech out
of the city as all efforts at improvement fail.

The Sabbat factions, masterfully balanced by the infernalist
Sangris a few years back, now tear at each other's throats.
Cardinal Strathcona — forced to intercede given the power
vacuum that resulted after Sangris' "death"— hand-picked Arch-
bishop Carolina Valez, an outsider, to replace Sangris. The
cardinal's actions, though unusual, were intended to bring a
completely neutral party into the fray to balance Montreal's
discordant factions. Valez, however, seems unable to satisfy the
city's bloodthirsty young Sabbat or maintain the stability de-
manded by the Shepherds.

In 1994, Ezekiel, Sangris' childe, returned to the
the head of a Hand r
archbishop. The Shepherds themselves have also entered the
running, presenting former inquisitor Alfred Benezri as their
candidate. The city's covens have each aligned themselves
behind one of the three candidates.

ity at
ck and planned to establish himself as

A few wise Sabbat understand that this posturing is really
anact of denial. The dangerous aura of Mount Royal has spread
beyond its mountain confines — into the city —and Sangris'

legacy of corruption and pride still worms its way through the
community. Other corrupters and manipulators remain undis-
covered, adding to the black miracles that have built — and
which may ultimately destroy — the city on the river.

Historical Addendum:
The Unknown

| The "Unknown" is!a Quiet and seemingly ‘ventle
word usedito describe a seri¢s of bizarre events that has
plagued the Sabbat throughout Montreal's history. The
name represents the dark mystery and palpable fear that
few Cainites will admit to. Many, but not all, aspects of
the Unknown are actually the work of Metathiax. Be-
tween, the deliberate actions of a trapped demon) and
freakish events that ‘simply happen, the following cir-
cumstances dre all lumped into one group of enigma

© The Hochelaga Hurons maintained a community
of several thousand natives at the hase of Mount Royal +
in.a forest of oak trees — when Jacques Cartier first landed
on the island. Notemnants of the community or ofany oak
trees have ever been discovered. Most attribute this to
inaceurate mapping of the region, but the Sabbat believe
otherwise. The Hurons were killed during their battle with
Metathiax, and the demon was trapped.

Only a handful of Creation Rites have ever worked
on the slopes of Mount Royal. Buried Sabbat either vanish,
or are found dead in their graves. In one case, an emerging
vampire who survived the rite was pulled back into the
ground by an unseen force. His grave was found empty.

This effect is Metathiax's doing. He is able to take those
Cainites who are put into the ground and dragithem down,
to the bowels of the mountain. He often spends year:
torturing them far below)thejcity, dissolving their bodies
with disease and eventually reforming them into grotesque
mogkeries of huttianity. Most of the creatures that survive
the torment areallowed to wander through the city's sewers,

© Pegfile have reported a glowing opening in the
de) forte hey say it projects darkness like a frameof
film'smegative image. A few necromancers have called it
AMIRI AOeliers say that something sleeps within the
cold voleanic heart of the mountain. Both are correct;
Metathiax's presence is causing the formation, of a tiny
pinprick in the Shroud between the living and the dead,

* Sabbat near theyimrhir of Mount Royal or within
its train tunnel have yanished on occasion. The tunnels)
have claimed six Cainites over thé centuries, while 11,
others have vanished on the mountain's slopes. Again,
this is Metathiax's doing.

¢ Freakish storms have hit Montreal on three separate
‘occasions. The storms have been so ferocious that people
have flocked to churches for sanctuary, believing each
storm to be the end of the world, The storms hayé never
lasted for more than a few hours before suddenly passing,
They are nothing more than random acts of nature,

¢ For some reason, the religious denominations ,of
Montreal inspire more than their fair shares of faith. That|
faith has attracted some vampires and destroyed others. |

© Montreal has suffered from several fires over the!
centuries. The more destructive conflagrations have always!
heen centered around or near Sabbat property and have
claimed many vampires. Some Sabbat say that a follower of
the Path of Evil Revelations sets the fires to make sacrifice')
to her demon master. Others whisper of.a band of witch-
hunters that has existed in Montrealisince its fourtdation,
‘The latter theory garners more attention than most.

"It is believed thar when the) original pack of Les
Acadiens was destroyed in 1643 atnativehands, Connaught'
was not the sole survivor,)Rumor hagsitythat Bratovitch
ghouls managed to hide their children before Coninaught
used the pawns to save himself‘Those children supposedly,
grew to create a Bratovitch family Jine that has remained
hidden in Montreal ever since. Born with a hatred for the!
vampires who destroyed their aticestors, the ghoul descen- |
dants are now believed to be hunters who skillfully use their
Diselplines apainse the Sabbat, Whildmnost Cainites dismiss
this story, the fires that burn out Sabbat havens serve as a
Constant reminder that something is hunting the hunters.

|

St in t

é . 19

Jorche:
vounde

raped ar

Montreal by Night


er worked Heré is'a breakdown of the firesmphat have claimed

rer vanish Montreal's Sabbat.

emerging: 1685, 1694 and 1721: The Hotel"Dieu falls victim:
‘into the to three separate fires. The last blazé claims 138 homes
empty. and kills three members of Les Acadiens,

ake those 1734: A slave sets fire to her mistress' héme, The

em down inferno destroys the Hotel-Dieu once again, along with 46
nds years buses ind Les Misérables' haven. Sabbat investigation

bodies proves that the slave was affected by Dominate Diseipline,
grotesque She cannot remember what she did or why. The Hotel-
it survive Diew hasn't been used by any Sabbat members singe,

/ssewers, 1754: The Bonsecours Chapel and severikayrtountle
ing residences are consumed, Les Acadiens are destroyed itt
frame of the conflagration, bringing an end to the illustrious eoyen.
called 1765: The Hospital General and 108 hotises ate
thin the évoured by, fite. With the destruction' of-20 powder
Kegs, a quarter of the city is leveled. Seve' Sabbat.
inembers from various covens are destroyed:

g in the

correct;
of a tiny

he dead. 1851: A blaze razes 1,100homes, destroyinga qllarte

pan dfghecity and leaving 10,000 homeless. With the desttuee i
aoe tion of Carlyle's branch of Les Misérables later/in 1927, it SS
a Ui isdiséoyeted that the coven was not only responsible for om
Again,

the 1851 inferno, butalso went on a rampage, slaughtering
‘people ‘and spreading the fire to hide its criinés.

eae. 1877: The Oil Cabinet and Novelty Works is
t people icongumed in a blaze that kills six firefighters. Misery! d
ng éach Rémadic Ravnos pack, is destroyed while its members
5 ea test in their mak
preys: 1918: The Maison-Mére des Soeurs Grises, 6 |...
iM Dorchester'a(nhow Réné-Levesque) and Guy, housing oe

shift haven

taal Wounded soldiers, orphans and the aged, is set alae Riftyé Ae
i 4 thee children die in the disaster while another Il vanish! ‘
thers.

Anunusual addendum to this story has to do with the
mad'Tremere antitribu Jacob the Glitch and his fall-niagh
rambling. On occasion, during his visions, he mutters '
something about the "Les onze des Soeurs Grises" (The, 1
ofthe Gray Sisters). Beatrice L'Angou has used nectog
fhancy,to question the spirits of the children whe perished
tithefite. Shéhas determined that the 11 missing children,
didn't die that night, but sometime later, after they were

ver the
alway:

dhave
ower of

lation.

faped and tortured. On certain evenings, 11 children haye
of Les } beenseen on the Gray Nun's property, hiding amongst the
jaughe trees and-wearing turn-of-the-century clothing.
rvitch 1919: The fairground at Dominion Park is burned
‘aught dowry destroying its roller coaster along with seven
ne people aid three members of the Orangemen Yoyen
ained

i 1927: The cause of the fire that destroys the Laurigr
brthe
©] P| Palace Cinemayaisd claims the lives of 77 children on

‘scen- : = d
ea Sainte-Catherine Street is attributed to the infetnalist
their  @ ‘

Cedilia of ‘the, Tongue. However, many Sabbat, espe-
smiss

cially the-Librarians, believe she is in league with'the

Unknown, eventhough it is the first fire that doesn't fit

the profile'of its predecessors —no Cainites ire harried,

Chapter Two: History of Blood



Chapter Three:.
Geography

Thad not thought death had undone so many.
Sighs, short and infrequent, were exhaled,
And each man fixed his eyes before his feet.

—TS.

Oldstone buildings, secluded squares lost amidst winding
streets, and toweringchurchsteeples grantreal-world Montreal
aGothic ambience. Montreal's World of Darkness counter-
part is not a city of sublime and timeless beauty, but one of
subtleand unmistakable dread. Embodyingmore of the Gothic
than the Punk side of the Gothic-Punk equation, the fictional
Montreal's shadows are dark places where secrets fester. The
trees on Mount Royal are gnarled and twisted like the very
cote of the old quarter where abandoned buildings and run-
down churches lie in the shadows of the city's skyscrapers —
silent witnesses to the horrors of the night

Over 350 years of Sabbat presence have left an undeni-
able mark on Montreal. Its people have become blind to
crime and suffering. Indifference is a means of dealing with
the monsters that roam under the cloak of darkness. Many
have learned to turn away and ignore the sounds of screams,
thankful that the sounds are not their own pleas echoing
through the night. Still others give in to the evil and inspire
others to do the screaming.

‘liot, The Waste Land

"The City of One Thousand Steeples," as Montreal is
known, isin the firm grip of religion, which offers hope, but
at the same time is all too willing to condemn those who
choose to ignore the word of God. No matter where one
looks, a steeple can be seen reaching into the sky, a mono-
lithic testament to the historical power and dominance of
the Church.

Montreal has never been an ultraviolent city, as opposed
to New York or Detroit, but times are changing. Although
crime rates and incidences of violence have risen drastically in
the last few years — as disillusionment, poverty and apathy
swallows everything — the city's corruption is of a different,
more perverse and insidious nature than that of other North
American cities. On the exterior, Montreal seems relatively
safe and crime-free, but that's because few dare to look too
deeply. The city has its share of ethnic and gang warfare,
senseless murder and prostitution, but it is in the "silent"
crimes committed behind closed doors that the Sabbat's
presence can be felt. Those who work menial jobs and barely

Chapter Three: Geography


MONTREAL

orn

ATTWATER AVENUE
=o

VILE Mapp

1. DORCHESTER SQUARE 13. Fours (cLu)
(COMMUNAL HAVEN) 14. THE HEART (WIDOWS' LAIR)
2. STATION 25 (POLICE) 15. ANGEL'S FALL (25:17 LAIR)
3. MAISON MERE DES SOEURS GRISES 16, HEAVEN
(GREY NUNS COVENANT) 17, O1D PORT

4» MONTREAL GENERAL HOSPITAL — 18,
5. CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY

PLACE JACQUI
(OLD MONTREAL)

"ARTIER,

6. MUSEUM OF FINE ARTS 19. CITY HALL
(THE CHAMBER) 20. PALAIS DU JUSTICE
7. ERSKINE CHURCH (Court House)
8. MCGILL UNIVERSITY 21. MARCHE BONSECOURS
9. LES COURS MONT-ROYAL 22. BASILIQUE NOTRE-DAME
10. PLACE DES ARTS 23. VIEUX SEMINAIRE
(MUSEUM OF CONTEMP. ART) THE FURNACE
11, ST, JAMES UNITED CHURCH CIRQUE DE SOLEIL

CHINATOWN,
POLICE HEADQUARTERS

12. METROPOLIS (CLUB)

2;

3

make enough for rent and food take their anger out on their
helpless children. Meanwhile, the wealthy give in to their
decadent passions and obsessions.

The Downtown
Core

The downtown core — including the areas known as the
Main, the Golden Square Mile, Old Montreal and Mount
Royal — defines Montreal. The regions form a nexus that
unites the diverse sections of the city and gives them a
common identity. Located on the southern slope of Mount
Royal, the downtown core encompasses a rectangular area
roughly 50 blocks long and 30 blocks wide. It is bordered by
Westmount and the East End. Beginning around Atwater
Avenue, the core stretches easterly along Sainte-Catherine

Street to the Jacques-Cartier Bridge. The core's northernmost
boundary is Sherbrooke Street, a major thoroughfare which
runs almost the entire length of the island. The core's south-
ernmost confine is the elevated Ville-Marie Expressway.

In truth, Montreal, especially the core, has no defined
borders; various neighborhoods bleed into each other.
Westmount is a primary example. One can travel from the

WN CORE

UNIVERSTTY

area's opulent homes and Victorian mansions to gray high

| within a few cit

rises and the filth of downtown —
blocks.

Montreal has a small but beautiful skyline that cop
trasts with the ceaseless flow of the Saint Lawrence Rive
and the still majesty of Mount Royal. No building is talle
than the cross on the Saint-Joseph Oratory, a testament?
the strength of the Catholic Church. The Place Ville-Mati
Tower, with its four revolving spotlights, illuminates th
night sky. Other modern high-rises loom over the cit
alongside the Classical architecture of the Sun Life an
Dominion Square Buildings and the Montreal Genen
Hospital. Nestled in the shadows of these skyscrapers ai
various churches, cathedrals and historical buildings thi
lend Montreal its Gothic atmosphere.

Atwater Avenue

Atwater is the westernmost boundary of downtow
and the rough border between Westmount and Montrel
proper. Along Atwater Avenue, below Ville-Marie Ey
pressway, is Little Burgundy, an impoverished part of town
Originally, Little Burgundy and the area around the Lachin
Canal consisted of mills and factories. The region attracte)
a blend of honest and hardworking people. In the 204

Montreal by Night

century,
the opel
gamblin
the crim

Int
tious url
and fact
housing
Many re
things. 1
"moderr
those o)
Burgun¢
Pointe
Montre:
gangs, d
areas thi

Dur
Burgun¢
harsh ar
crude fir
through
The infe
the birt
innocen
of infan
Sabbath
to death
and sibl

Pla

Th
once ser
rest of t
Lawrence
dotted w
The stru
shelter f
The Sat

for bloo

Sai

Rui
Street
sidewall
the city
times at
what wa
lie aban
facades
The em
Sabbat ‘
morgue:


gray high-
a few city

that con-
ence River
ng is taller
stament of
ille-Marie
inates the
t the city
1 Life and
| General
apers are
dings that

lowntown
Montreal
Aarie Ex-
tof town.
eLachine
attracted
the 20th

century, an influx of African-American railworkers led to
the opening of several popular jazz clubs, speakeasies and
fambling dens. In the 1930s, during the Great Depression,
the crime rate rose sharply and has only grown worse since.

In the 1960s, Little Burgundy was the target of ambi-
tious urban renewal. A large number of the simple homes
and factories were demolished to make way for low-cost
housing — the Canadian equivalent of housing projects.
Many residents had already moved on to bigger and better
fines. Those who did stay soon left too, disappointed by the
modem" look and still-rising poverty of the tegion. Only
foe on the brink of poverty remained. Today, Little
Burgundy, along with the neighboring Saint-Henri and
Pointe Saint-Charles Streets, is the closest thing that
Montreal has to a'slum. Crime and poverty run rampant as
gangs, divided along ethnic and linguistic lines, control
areas through intimidation and violence.

During the summer months, living conditions in Little
Burgundy are bearable, but the long winter months are
harsh and brutal. Few homes have heat, relying instead on
crude fires that often result in devastating blazes that sweep
through the district. Children, however, suffer the most.
The infant mortality rate is high, especially in the winter, as
the bitter cold and uncaring parents claim the lives of the
innocent, It is not uncommon to find the decaying remains
i intents in the alleyways of Little Burgundy, and the
Sabbathave taken to Embracing those whom they find close
to death, letting the frenzied beasts feast on their parents
and siblings.

Places of Note

The Lachine Canal: Although the Lachine Canal
once served as the gateway between the Great Lakes and the
rest of the world, it has fallen into disuse since the Saint
Lawrence Seaway opened in 1959. Today, the canal is
dotted with abandoned and crumbling factories and docks.
The structures are used by homeless and runaways who seek

shelter from the elements, their parents or even their pasts.

The Sabbat usually raid these factories when "stocking up"
for blood feasts.

Sainte-Catherime Street

Running the length of downtown, Sainte-Catherine
Street is in many ways the heart of Montreal. Along its
sidewalks are the stores, churches and buildings that give
the city its unique flair. Unfortunately, harsh economic
times and political uncertainty have taken their toll, and
what was once a safe area is now rife with crime. Many shops
lieabandoned, their boarded-up windows and deteriorating
facades testaments to the dark power that lurks in Montreal.
The empty and dark interiors of these stores serve the
Sabbat as meeting places, torture chambers and makeshift
morgues.

Chapter Three: Geography

39

In contrast, the still-thriving Classical and Art-Deco
buildings on Sainte-Catherine Street are cluttered with
flashing neon signs that advertise strip joints and pawn-
shops. They are places where forbidden lusts are realized and
dreams are sold.

This street attracts a large number of homeless and
impoverished people who gather in grimy alleyways and
corners — often braving the worst weather conditions —
from shoppers and passersby. A

hoping for a few pennie

large number of these "beggars" belong to immigrant fami-
lies that, unable to earn a living and having no other means,
sell their sons or daughters into prostitution to make ends
meet.

Nightfall, when both undead and mortal predators
roam the streets, is another threat entirely. Rapes, muggings,
murders and gang violence are on the rise and taint the
downtown atmosphere. Most people tend to travel in groups,
rs and the homeless a

stick to well-lit areas and give beg

wide berth.

Although this area is mainly a commercial and finan-
ct, a variety of apartment buildings
row houses line the dimly lit side streets that intersect

and rundown

cial dis

Sainte-Catherine. The conditions of these places vary, but
most are roach-infested one-room apartments or burned-
out shells that are rented out at exorbitant rates.

Westmount

ATTWATER AVENUE

VILE Nap

St. Henri

ONEL: Grove

| Point St, Charles

MONTREAL—REGIONS OF DOWNTOWN CORE

S
ie

ee

me

me
me

<

sere

S

ose

a

soiee
<

<
x

seis

oxS

ses

<i

eee

"

e
<

The Underground City |

Located beneath the downtown core, and covering of

30 kilometers, isa vast underground network of tunnels, m

metro stations and government offices known collectively

the "Underground City." The whole complex is connected}

the Metro, which makes it possible to travel to virtually a

location within the core without having to step outside. T}
network is densely packed with countless narrow contd

each lined with small stores and restaurants. It connects

many malls that make up the Underground. |

By day, the complex is relatively safe; the numbel

shoppers and security guards keep crime to a minim

After dark, however, the Underground City becomes th

domain of the Sabbat. The majority of the tunnels a

hallways are gloomy and poorly patrolled, Strange sout

and screams can often be heard coming from the shadog

The Sabbat takes great pleasure in toying with unsuspectil

shoppers and employees. The Cainites play cruel games

cat-and-mouse that usually end with the bloody deaths)

mortals,

Shopping

Sainte-Catherine and the Underground City comptf

the shopping mecca of Montreal. Almost anything can}
both abot

bought or sold in the shops that line the street

and b

= mundé

‘The a consci

bia | the are

& Li

66 elegan

aor ee village feel; it

sso eee ee cipuanieng) +) courty
ee The Village

cee es expen:

etn | the At

‘! seconc

{) mortal

MARIE i P

viet Cathe

S| direct!

tried t
i the fin
ee ‘ of the

with n
combi
enade:
apopu

Old Montreal

ex
EXTENT OF UNDERGROUND CITY (SABBAT TUNNELS LEAD TO OLD MONTREAL AND ACROSS THE CITY, THROUGH THE METRO)

cathec
ahaun
the oc

Montreal by Night


° j
ity
covering over
tunnels, malls,
collectively ag
connected to
) virtually any
) outside. The
‘ow corridors,
connects the

e number of
a minimum,
becomes the
tunnels and
ange sounds
he shadows,

insuspecting
uel games of
dy deaths of

ity comprise
hing-can-be
both above

The
village

ETRO)

and below ground. Most stores and malls cater to the
mundane public, but it is not uncommon for fashion-
conscious Sabbat to shop in — or more often break into
the area's boutiques.

Les Cours Mont-Royal: One of the smallest and most
elegant downtown malls, Les Cours has a modern baroque
feel; it's decorated with columns, fountains and a central

courtyard. Above the mall's open courtyard is a series of

expensive and luxurious condominiums. Carolina Valez,

the Archbishop of Montreal, makes the entire top floor a

feondary haven, from which she can keep an eye on her
mortal granddaughter, who lives in the same building.
Promenades de la Cathédrale: The Promenades de la
Cathédrale, one of the most unusual downtown malls, is built
directly beneath the Christ Church Cathedral. The builders
tried to incorporate the architecture of the cathedral, one of

the finest Gothic buildings in Canada, into the construction
ofthe mall. The result is a Gothic motif and s
and vaulted ceilings,

yle combined

withmodern efficiency. Dark stone wal!
combined with stone carvings and statues, give the Prom-
enades de la Cathédrale a cavernous ambienee that makes it
apopular Sabbat hangout. The central area, under which the
cathedral is located, is a hanging garden that makes the mall
ahauntingly beautiful place for Cainites to hold meetings and
the occasional blood feast.

Above-ground Shopping: Aside from the small stores
that are unable to pay the steep rent of the malls, there are
a number of shopping institutions, such as Holt Renfrew,
the Hudson's Bay Company, Eaton's and Oligvy's, that
cater to those with expensive tastes and a love of designer

hions. These four complexes were modeled in the early

part of the century and are beautiful, especially the Art-

Deco-style Holt Renfrew and Eaton buildings.

Nightlife

Bishop, Crescent and de la Montagne Streets, which

intersect Sainte-Catherine, are bastions for the majority of
Montreal's megaclubs. These Top-40 night spots, with their
multiple bars and dance floors, attract underage youths and
those wanting to lose themselves in alcohol or sex. Crescent
Street is the most famous of the three streets. It houses the
Hard Rock €

days, Sainte-Catherine is also home to a number of seedy

fé, Sir Winston Churchill Pub and Thurs-

strip clubs, such as Club Eden, which features — for select
customers only — child dancers of both sexes.

Artand Culture

Located on the corner of Jeanne-Mance and Sainte-

Catherine is the cultural nexus of Montreal: the

Place-des-Arts complex. Spanningan entite city block, this

Chapter Three: Geography 41


series of modern buildings is the site of the Montreal
Museum of Contemporary Art, the Orchestre Symphonique
de Montréal, the Grands Ballets Canadiens and L'Opéra de
Montréal. Place-des-Arts is also the main venue of Montreal's
International Jaz Festival, which is held every June.

Places of Interest

Saint James United Church (Sainte-Catherine and
City Councilors): Lost amidst the facades of cheap stores
that are characteristic of this stretch of Sainte-Catherine,
Saint James was once one of the most beautiful churches in
Montreal. In 1926, the church was in need of funds, and the

property around it was sold to local entrepreneurs. As a

result the church's beauty was lost among the neon of
downtown. In 1983, the church itself was put up for sale, but
by 1989, the only buyers interested wanted to turn it into a
parking lot. The church was left to fall apart and has become
ahaven for the homeless and a place where prostitutes can
turn their trade. The interior of the church is in terrible
condition; many of its stained-gl.
stolen or broken, and the stench of human excrement hangs
in the air. Since 1991, the Sabbat has used the church's
basement to dispose of the remains of blood-feast victim:
To date, the piece:

ss windows have been

s of over 500 corpses lie in the darkness,
in various states of decomposition, including a number of
staked Cainites who failed their Creation Rites. Surrounded
by rotting bodies, these vampires have
sanity. On rare occasions, a bloodcurdling scream can be
heard from the bowels of the church. A few homeless
mortals, desperate and hungry, have

lowly lost their

sorted to eating the
decaying corpses, which has resulted in the spread of infec-
tious diseases.

Guy Street

A few blocks east of Atwater is Guy, a major north-
south axis that allows access to the Ville-Marie Expres
and Little Burgundy to the south and Cote:

des-Neiges and
Mount Royal to the north. The district has gone through
some changes in the last few years as buildings around the
street have been torn down to make room for parking lots.
However, economic difficulties have forced developers to

abandon their projects before completing them, resulting in
a number of partially demolished buildings and empty lots.
The stylish York Theater is one of these casualties. Once a
magnificent building, today it is a virtual ruin where only
those Cainites who remember its heyday come to enjoy its
tragic peacefulness.

A few blocks south of the intersection of Guy and
Sainte-Catherine is the elevated Ville-Marie Expressway,
which forms a border between Little Burgundy and down-
town. At night, the area beneath the expressway is home to
anumber of gangs, which makes passage through it danger-
ous for mortals. However, that same danger makes the area
a prime feeding ground for Cainites.

Places of Interest
Station 25: Located on the corner of de Maisonneut
and Sainte-Mathieu, a block west of Guy, is Police Station
which has jurisdiction over the entire downtown core. Th

station's officers are infamous for their intolerance of ming

ties and their harsh, even brutal methods of law enforcemet
Th

place with small barred windows and narrow corridors. T

ation's 100-year-old building is a dark and caverna

station is under the control and watchful eye of Felix Cars
one of the Grimaldi revenants of Archbishop Valez.

The Montreal General Hospital: Located above 6
Street and overlooking the entire city is the monolithic Ga
eral Hospital. This expansive building is Montreal's larg

hospital and also one of its oldest. Wing upon wing has by
added to it over the years, creating an intricate maze of corride
and split levels. General Hospital houses one of Montred
largest morgues, a notable area of interest to the Sabbat.

Sir George William Campus (Concordia Universit
Concordia University is one of two English universities;
Montreal. [texcelsin liberal- and creative-artseducation. Th
George William campus is located near Guy Street and hout
the univ

Maison Mére des Soeurs Grises (The Gray Sister
Convent): This imposing H-shaped structure has served ast
home to one of Montreal's oldest religious orders. Built?

sity's extensive and newly renovated library.

1863, it originally included a hospital, an asylum ward,
conventandachapel. The conventhas since burned downat
been rebuilt a number of times, Today, the convent is largd
unused; only a few nuns live there. The hospital and asylui
have been abandoned for years and are rumored to be hauntd

Sherbrooke Street

Though Sainte-

atherine and Sherbrooke are separatt
by only two blocks, they couldn't be more different. Where!
Sainte-Catherine is bustling with malls, bars and strip cluk
s, Nearly traversingl
entire length of the city, Sherbrooke runs through a numb,
of different areas, from the E:

Sherbrooke is upscale and high-ck

End to downtown, t
Westmount, and finally to the middle-class neighborhoods:
Notre-Dame-de-Grace and Montreal West.

Sherbrooke, between Guy Street and Saint-Laurer
Boulevard, is where Montreal's wealthy go to shop. Thi
stretch is lined with designer boutiques, art galleries andth
city's most prestigious hotels. The Ritz-Carlton Kempins
and the Westin Mont-Royal hotels dominate the aré
Limousines from Westmount and Outremont fer

Montreal's elite along this road to their social function
sheltering them from the reality of the city.

The Golden Square Mile

The area known as the Golden Square Mile is locate
directly north of Sherbrooke, between Guy Street an
McGill University. It is here that, years ago, Montreal

42 Montreal by Night

elite, inc
their spr
or Toror
developn
of other
steep str

Mc

One
nates thi
campus
Sherbrox
The car
schools, :
McGill 2
to the va
the scho

The
On)
du Musé
Museum
interior
Canada'
Cait
hall kno
select me
artistic c
nights fc
art, as O
Widows
tion and
mortals \
fascinate
desire to

Ang
She
stone wi
Ravensc
1950s. 1
25:17 tw
Angel's
location
member
mortals:
The
mansion
placed k
that linc
second fl
are still f
appropri


f de Maisonneuve
Police Station 25)
vntown core. The
lerance of minor!
law enforcement
tk and cavernow)
ow corridors. The
re of Felix Carson|
op Valez,
cated above Guy
monolithic Ger'
Montreal's Larges)
ion wing has been}
emaze of corridor
ne of Montreal';
) the Sabbat.
rdia University);
sh universities in
tseducation. The!
Streetand houses
ated library.

he Gray Sisters!)
ehasservedias the
s orders. Built in
asylum ward, a
burned down and

onvent is largely
pital and asylum
ed tobe haunted,

ke are separated
erent. Whereas
sand strip clubs,
ly traversing the
rough a number

downtown, to
eighborhoods of

| Saint-Laurent
> to shop. This
aalleries and the
lton Kempinski

inate the area.

tremont ferry
scial functions,

Mile is located
uy Street and
go, Montreal's

elite, including the Molsons, O'Keefes and Bronfmans, built
their sprawling mansions before moving on to Westmount
or Toronto. The streets north of Sherbrooke escaped the
development in the 1950s that drastically changed the look
of other areas. Today, large homes and mansions dot the
steep streets, creating an antiquated atmosphere.

McGill University

One of the top universities in Canada, McGill domi-
nates the Golden Square Mile and downtown. Its main
campus is located on McGill College Street, above
Sherbrooke, and contains a number of Gothic buildings.
The campus grounds rival those of American Ivy League
schools, and their buildings spill over several blocks, making
McGill a virtual city in its own right. McGill is connected
to the vast Underground City, giving the Sabbat access to
the school's numerous libraries and buildings.

The Montreal Museum of Fine Arts

On Sherbrooke, between Redpath Street and Avenue
du Musée, sits one of Montreal's architectural marvels. The
Museum of Fine Arts' Neoclassical facade and white marble
interior make the building a veritable shrine to some of
Canada's most prized artistic possessions.

Cainites of "taste" are interested in a small exhibition
hall known as "The Chamber," which is open primarily to
select members of the Society of the Museum and Montreal's
artistic community. The Chamber is open on Wednesday
nights for special exhibitions of postmodern performance
att, as organized by The Rose and Creamy Jade of the
Widows coven. Most exhibitions consist of live eviscera
tion and sculptures of human limbs and flesh. "Special"

mortals who attend are usually simultaneously repulsed and
fascinated by what they see, and they often leave with the
desire to perform their own works of "art."

Angel's Fall

Sheltered from the rest of the city by a 12-foot-high
stone wall and thick trees is the abandoned mansion of
Ravenscrag, which served as a mental hospital during the
1950s, The home was vacant until Ezekiel and his pack
25:17 turned it into their lair, and then opened aclub called
Angel's Fall. The club's dark, brooding atmosphere and
location make it a hit with the Sabbat, especially with
members of the young covens. Angel's Fall is open to both
mortals and Cainites. Most humans don't survive the night.

The main dance floor is located in what was the
mansion's ballroom. The original wooden floor was re-
placed long ago with gray linoleum tiles for the asylum, and
that linoleum is stained from years of use. The first and
second floors contain patient and examination rooms, which
arestill furnished with old medical equipment, couches and
appropriate lighting. The basement contains an intricate

system of corridors and cells that are illuminated by black
lights and candles. The basement also houses the human
remains of past inmates and recent victims.

Each member of 25:17 has a personal haven in
Ravenscrag, hidden in an intricate system of secret passages.
These tunnels lead to the mansion's ruined chapel that
serves as the coven's communal lair.

The Churches of Downtown

Montreal is known as the "City of One Thousand
Steeples," and the downtown core in particular lives up to
this label. The following isallist ofthe majorchutches inthe
downtown area. It déesn't including the many small'parish
churches that are located in the shadows of Old Montreal.

Church of the Messiah (corner of Sherbrooke and
Simpson): This small church burned down in 1987, and
only the lower parts of its exterior walls remain. The
organist, a transvestite, set the church ablaze wher
priest raped him after visiting the Heart.

Church of Saint-Andrew and Saint-Paul
(Sherbrooke Street, one block east of the Church of the

Messiah): This beautiful Gothic church serves as the
regimental church of the Black Watch, the Royal High-
lander regiment of Canada. It houses a crypt where the
regiment's officers and decorated men are laid to rest,

Erskine and American Church (ablock east of the
Church of Saint-Andrew and Saint-

ul, on
Sherbrooke): Located at the apex of Crescent Street}
this church looks down on Montreal's club scene like a
silent father. Its bell tower is more reminiscent of a
éastle's keep than a steeple. Unknown to but a few, the
anextensive collection of occult books

basement hous:

that is sealed away in thick wooden crates. The books
were brought over from Germany after World War II)

Mary, Queen of the World Cathedral (facing
Dorchester Square): This imposing cathedral, with
huge statues that adorn its exterior facade, casts dark
and brooding shadows over the surrounding area. There
are a number of tunnels that connect the crypts of the
cathedral to the Temple of Eternal Whispers — the
Sabbat communal haven —beneath Dorchester Square.

Christ Church Cathedral (Sainte-Catherine and
University streets): One of the finest Gothic buildings
in Canada, the cathedral's stone spire rises high into the
with the skyscrapers of downtown. Inv

Sky and contrasts
1988, operators of the cathedral sold the area directly
underneath it to make room for a shopping mall — Les,
Ptomenades de la Cathédrale. The congregation only
cOnsented after the mall designer agreed to emulate the:
architecture of the cathedral, and after he agreed that
no stores Would be loeated directly, beneath the chuteh,

Chapter Three: Geography

4B


he East End

Boulevard Saint-Laurent marks the rough border between
the Anglophone west and the Francophone east. The neigh-
borhoods and districts that lie beyond this dynamic boulevard
are characteristically French and— toa certain extent — more
European than areas of Montreal West and Westmount. Atthe
same time, the East End is urban. A large percentage of
Montreal's population (includinga number of immigrants) live
in the narrow confines of this part of the island. The neighbor-
hoods of the East End are reminiscentof 18th-century Montreal,
with quaint two- and three-story homes that have spiraling
wrought-iron staircases and hidden courtyards. The urban
density of the ar

has led to an increase in crime; many tow

houses shelter dark secrets of incest and abuse.

The Main

The Main, loosely bordered by Saint-Laurent Boule-

t in
includ-
, ing Eastern European, Jamaican, Jewish, Italian, Portuguese
and Greek treets of the
Main. Each community effuses its "ghettos" with a unique

vard and Saint-Denis Street, is the most vibrant dist

Montreal. A large number of ethnic communities

are nestled between the side

flavor, but also with its particular prejudices and supersti-
tions. These communities have always been banes to the
Sabbat. Their insular natures and the constant arrival of
new immigrants make it difficult to detect foreign Cainites.

Whereas Sainte-Catherine and its malls cater to main-
stream styles, the Main, in particular Saint-Laurent, appeals to
the liberal and "alternative." Many of Montreal's artists find
inspiration in the cafés, bars and bistros along the Main and call

the place home. (Leonard Cohen and painter Paul-Emile
Borduas, among other notable arti .)

Yet Saint-Laurent's openness is also its greatest weak-

s, began their careershe

ness. Deviants and the desperate can also sate their hunger
on the number of vices that can be found here. Drugs and
prostitution are a major problem, as junkies and perverts
roam the streets looking for a variety of fixes. The area is
home to a number of homeless punks who look after each
other and spend their days begging for money. These kids
have fallen through society's cracks and are extremely

narcissistic and violent; few live to see their 20s.

Nightlife

The Main comes to life at night. The countless bars and
clubs that line Saint-Laurent cater to almost every taste.
The area has therefore become Montreal's premier Sabbat
feeding ground. Several Cainites frequented these clubs
while still mortal, and the habit is hard to break even in
death. Most clubs are open past the legal closing time, and
few bouncers ever check I.D.s. Blood Dolls, punks, rockers,
New Agers, and sadomasochists all patronize these clubs

and try to forget the city around them.

DeVills (3607 Saint-Laurent): A two-story clubié
attracts the young and hip. The first floor consists of pt
"chill-room" that plays trance music. The upper level

become a hangout for members of the rave scene. DeVilh
in many ways the place to be seen as well as the place tolt
expensive designer drugs. |

Foufs (87 Sainte-Catherine East): Foufs, form
Foufounes Electriques (Electric Butts), is a cornerstone
Montreal's underground scene, The club has been clog
many times for drug-related offenses, but its doors alv
reopen, defying both the police and the city administrati
The music played varies. Nearly every alternative oni
played while people thrash around in Montreal's most not

ous mosh pit, The decor is industrial, bordering on tech
with ample application of black lights, smoke machines

lasers for atmosphere. Fouts also serves as a venue for

performances. A number of underground bands have play
here, including Ministry, Skinny Puppyandmany of Montel
local bands, Certain packs, namely the young 25:17 andl
Orphelins, make ita point to attend Black Mondays to dati
and revel in their vampiric powers. |

Metropolis (59 Sainte-Catherine East): Metropol
‘one of the few clubs in Montreal to achieve internatiog
recognition. Built in what was once a posh ‘20s movie hott
Metropolis is a multilevel complex in which heterosexut
ravers and gays can find corners to dance, drink or do whatey
they want. The main dance floor is serviced by four barsa
is overlooked by an extensive balcony. Toward the rear of th
club is a movie screen on which video clips are synchronit
with music. Red velvet couches are scattered throughout th

club, giving Metropolis a baroque atmosphe:

Purple Haze (3699 Saint-Laurent): Another of Sail
Laurent's notorious clubs, Purple Haze is an interesting m
of 70s psychedelica and ‘90s techno. The small club attrac
loyal followers and the dance floor is usually packed eve
night of the week. During the summer months, those wh

don't get in carry on the party in adjoining abandonp
buildings, where the music can still be heard.

The Heart (7667 Saint-Laurent): Very few knows
the small, secluded club called "The Heart." Those whod
are members of Montreal's fetish and S&M scene. The cll
is also a popular hangout for the Sabbat; it serves as the hi
of the exotic Widows pack. The Heart is located in the rel
light district of Montreal, its discreet entrance marked by
small red leather door that seems to pulse in synch with th
music inside. Catering to those who live on the wild side

the club is a labyrinth of corridors and small rooms whet
patrons engage in any number of activities, including dane
ing, heated discussions, art shows, photo shoots and, ¢
course, sexual acts. At The Heart, anything is possible for
price. The walls, couches and beds are covered with velve
rubber and leather. The lighting is soft. Most of the clubi
bathed in deep-red hues, and sweet-smelling incense, cor
cocted by The Rose, wafts through the air.

Montreal by Night

Th
become
vampire
perverst
that lea
therattl
human

Ob
The we
merged
and vei
light. Ir
small s|
Envy, |
These
tached
constal
Cream

AI
with b)
the cei
shrines
pillow:


ory club that
sts ofa plush
yer level has
e. DeVills is
place to buy

fs, formally
nerstone of
een closed
ors always
inistration,
ive style is
nost Notori-
on techno,
chines and
ue for live
ave played

Montreal's

17 and Les

ys to dance

tropolis is
ernational
vie house,
rosexuals,
whatever
r bars and
of the

ehronized
shout the

of Saint-
iting mix
attracts
ed every
lose who
indoned

know of
who do
the club
the lair
the red-
d bya
tith the
Id side,

| where
gdanc-
ind, of
lefora
rely

club is

The deeper one ventures into The Heart, the harder it

becomes to repress one's desires. Even the most restrained

vampires have been known to frenzy, giving in to their most
perverse desires. In the deepest recess of the club isa corridor
that leads to a large metallic door, from which moans and
therattling of chains can be heard. On the door itself are two
human bodies, a male and a female, fleshcrafted into place.

The inner sanctum is shaped like a seven-pointed star.
The walls are made from human flesh and infant bodies,
merged together to form one continuous network of skin
and veins. A chandelier bathes the room in deep, warm, red
light. In each of the seven corners of the inner sanctum is a
small shrine dedicated to one of the Seven Deadly Sins
Envy, Gluttony, Greed, Lust, Pride, Sloth and Wrath.
These shrines are adorned with living icons that are at-

tached to the living walls. The statues exemplify and
constantly perform the sins they represent. The Rose and
Creamy Jade regard the sanctum as their greatest work of art
Atthe center of the inner sanctum is a dais that's filled
with blood. Drops defy gravity by moving from the pool to
the ceiling. The blood sustains the room's living walls and
shrines. The floor is littered with plush velvet and satin
pillows (its bloodstains are hidden by the room's soft light).

=

v7
an

SAS

The Widows reetall personal visitorsin this toom, but each
Widow member hasa private lait located elsewhere in The Heart.

Places of Interest

Le Plateau Mont-Royal: While the Main mostly refers to
Saint-Laurent Boulevard, Le Plateau Mont-Royal includes
the many smaller streets located between Saint-Denis and
Saint-Laurent that run parallel to Sherbrooke. The heart of
"The Plateau" is the intersection of Mont-Royal Street and

Saint-Denis. The area is largely residential. Its low rents and
udents from both McGill and

bohemian atmosphere attract s
al. The area just east of McGill,
delineated by Saint-Laurent, is more commonly called the
"McGill Ghetto." On these streets, nestled away from the
as bookstore. The
one-room shop specializes in occult and esoteric items.

The Mile End: The northern part of Saint-Laurent,
starting roughly on Laurier Avenue, is in many ways the
French twin of Sherbrooke Street. Boutiques and restaurants
convey a Francophone image. Of interest in Mile End is Lux,
a café/bistro which is known throughout Montreal for its
tic clientele and

L' Université de Montr

bustle of Saint-Laurent, is the Faraway S.

extensive three-story magazine racks,
Jélene,amemberofthearchbishop's

vibrant discussions. Marie-
pack, meets here with Francophone intellectuals.

Chapter Three: Geography

A
at

4

ES


The Village

The area below Sherbrooke, between Berri Str

Papineau, is known either as "Terrace Ontario," "

Village" or simply "the Village." Until a few decades ago it
was a low-class, blue-collar neighborhood. A few years ago,

the Gay

both Ontario and Sainte-Catherine Streets underwent re-
vitalization. Montreal's gay population moved in, giving
the streets a unique ambience; the Village swiftly became
one of the island's most diverse areas. Unfortunately, harsh
times have resulted in rashes of violence and gay-bashing.
Even more cutting-edge than Saint-Laurent, the Village
complements the Main and contributes to Montreal's
multiculturalism. The Queens of Mercy coven rules this

area and jealously guards its mortal herd from other Sabbat.

Places of Interest

Toras' Skin: Ontario Street, a few blocks north of
Sainte-Catherine, is known for its many tattoo and body-
piecing parlors, which are open 24 hours a day. Toras' Skin
is owned and run by Toras, a Bratovitch revenant who
specializes in unique tattoos and who is a close
the Tzimisce circus master Zarnovich. Tora:

ciate of

enjoys
providing special-order victims — from children, paraple-
gics, nuns and Siamese twins, to the occasional celebrity —
for select Cainite patrons.

Nightlife

Many of the clubs in the Village are sexually oriented)
Open to both straights and homosexuals, these spots featur
fetish nights and performance-art shows that would shod
even the most open-minded. Under the influence of thé
Sabbat, and more importantly the Queens of Mercy, many
of the area's gays have begun lashing out against those whi
they feel have harmed them; the Village can be dangerous
for those who don't "belong."

Heaven: Heaven is, for the time being, the premier
gay club in Montreal. Its three floors are all beautifully
decorated in a celestial motif, with hanging dance floow
that resemble large clouds. Heaven's funky atmosphere and
cutting-edge music attract Montreal's hip gays. The club
also serves as the lair of the Queens of Mercy coven.

Old Montreal

Downtown has its high-rises and the Underground
City. The Main has its diversity and ambience. It's Ol
Montreal that gives Montreal its historical appeal. Located
south of downtown, the old quarter encompasses a fait
large area that extends from University Street to Jacques

Cartier Bridge. The region was destined to become an

Montreal by Night


We

j oriented,

ots feature
wuld shock
ice of the
rey, many
those who
Jangerous

premiere
eautifully
ace floors
here and
The club

ren.

erground
It's Old
Located
sa fairly
Jacques-

tome an

industrial wasteland had it not been protected in the 1960s
byboth mortals and Sabbat. Mortals were concerned for the

district's historical significance; the Ville-Marie colony was
established here. The Sabbat wanted the area protected
because of its many tunnels, corridors and underground
chambers, which the original settlers and Sabbat had buile
and expanded since the 1600s.

By day, Old Montreal is picturesque; it attracts tourists
and locals by the thousands. By night, a subtle change comes
overits streets as a thick fog rolls in from the Saint Lawrence
River. The few streetlights, all designed to look like antique
gaslights, send shadows dancing across the facades of aged
buildings. The small streets become labyrinthine, instilling
asense of claustrophobia. It's common for the unwary to
become lost.
bbat

Old Montreal is one of the regions that the
claims as its own. The vampires still make use of the
numerous tunnels and corridors that link the district to their
communal haven. Few mortals ever dare enter Old Montreal
at night. Not even the police make an effort to patrol it

The Sabbats reigns over Old Montreal, but there are
darkerpowersat work there, too. The region's unnaturally dark
shadows hide the Blood Circle of Metathiax, the city
of infernal worship (see "Infernal Rites" in Chapter Four).

center

OLD MONTRE

VILLE-MARIE

SAINT-ANTOINE

ph TISAINT JACQUES, (6)

NOTRE-DAME

SEVARD SAINT-LAURENT

BOUL

Shopping and Food
Located in the center of Old Montreal, near impressive
City Hall, is Place Jacques-Cartier, a two-block pedestrian
court where both tourists and locals enjoy the sights. A few
antique shops and bars line the streets. They are busy during
the summer months but are deserted in winter. At the heart
of Place Jacques-Cartier is a deteriorating statue of Admiral
Nelson, which forever overlooks the Saint Lawrence River.

Not far from Place Jacques-Cartier are a number of museums
commemorating Montreal's history, including the Pointe-
a-Callire archaeological museum and the Chateau Ramezy
historical museum,

Politics and Business

Old Montreal, aside from being architecturally and
historically important, is also the

eat of Montreal's govern-
ment and home to a number of financial institutions.
Dominating Place Jacques-Cartier is Montreal's impressive
18th-century city hall and its adjoining Palais de Justice,
police headquarters and municipal courts. The head offices
of four of Canada's leading banks, housed in Neoclassical
buildings dating to the last century, are also located on
Place d'Armes. The Montreal Stock Exchange and World
Commerce Center are located five blocks to the west.

‘
De 1A coMMy

1, PLACE JACQUES-CARTIER
2. CITY HALL

3+ PALAIS DE JUSTICE

4. MARCHE BONSECOURS
5. PLACE D' ARMS

6. NOTRE-DAME BASILICA
7. VIEUX SEMINARIE

8. CIRQUE DE SOLEIL

9. CHINATOWN

10. THE FURNACE

11, POLICE HEADQUARTERS
OLD PorT

Chapter Three: Geography


Places of Interest

Marché Bonsecours: This large golden-domed building
was built in 1845. It was used as city hall for several years, and
then becamea market untila fire destroyed itin the late 1940s
The structure was rebuilt then, and again after another fire in
1979. Since then, the building has remained largely unused
except forthe occasional exhibition. The structure's basement
once served asa Sabbat meeting hall until the construction of
the new communal haven in the 1800

Notre-Dame Basilica: One of the original and most
famous of Montreal's churches, Notre-Dame was built in
1642. By 1830 the simple parish church was replaced by one
of Canada's finest and most beautiful examples of Gothic
revival architecture.

The church has been a bane to the Sabbat. No Cainite
has ever set foot in it, not even a Shepherd, and that coven
once used the neighboring Vieux Séminaire as its haven. The
church's aura of faith is simply too great to overcome. The
Shepherds and Librarians have their theories, but no one has
been able to explain the church's potent aura of faith.

Le Cirque du Soleil: Just east of Place Jacques-Cattier is
the home of the world-famous Cirque du Soleil. A large
warehouse has been converted to serve as the circus' stage and
trainingarea, The surreal and haunting antics of the Cirque du
Soleil are appreciated by mortals and Sabbat alike.

CUTTY
anny aii
WO

wlth

Montreal by Night

Chinatown: Sandwiched between Old Montreal ay witht
downtown is Montreal's relatively small Chinatown, Cop Squar
ering three blocks, it features small stores, inexpensiy  larges
restaurants and cheap apartments that house newly arriyg  Neige
immigrants. What makes Montreal's Chinatown special Frede
the numerous tunnels that link it to other parts of the cy and Ie
Gambling dens and brothels were once run in these tune) f
Today, the Sabbat rules the underground, but rumors¢ peopl
Eastern vampires neverseem toabate, even when thereisy _q subi
evidence to support them. block

The Furnaci

Lost in the industrial section of O}  desce
Montreal is a small refinery that was abandoned duriy under

World War II. Surrounded by a chain-link fence, th of bo
refinery

is used by the Sabbat to burn bodies to preventth grou
local authorities from finding the remains of those wh  maste
vanish each year. Once a month, the old furnace is fired — moun
and bodies are thrown in (including some live ones, justfa —_missii
the fun of it). Soot rains down across Old Montreal, light} _ pines
coating surfaces with a thin gray film of human ash. the d

Mount Royal :

Located at the center of the island is the small mou _ lit er
tain after which the surrounding city is named. Mouy  #0ns
Royal's thick old trees and secluded paths contrast with ty Roya
nearby downtown core. At its base, the mountain is dottg de NV
color
cross
color
Subs
the c
peact
elect
the c
are r
(alth
Old:
sank
Frag
mark
have
even

ies:
Mor
Squi
later
Mor
of to
hom
man


ntreal and
own. Coy-
nexpensive
wly arrived
special are
of the city,

se tunnels.
rumors of
there isno

on of Old f

ed during

ence, the }

event the
hose who

isfired up
2, just for
al, lightly
sh,

ll moun-
. Mount
with-the
is dotted

with the sprawling mansions of Westmount and the Golden
Square Mile. The mountain is also the site of two of Montreal's
largest graveyards — the Mont-Royal and Notre-Dame-des-
Neiges. At Mount Royal's summit is a park designed by
Frederick Law Olmsted. Winding paths encircle the peak
and lead to a number of glens and picturesque lookouts.

Astranquil and serene as Mount Royal may seem, most
people only dare visit it during the day; the mountain exudes
asubtle, yet ominous presence. Its ancient, gnarled trees
block all moonlight. Near the summit, an eerie stillness
descends, and strange noises can be heard from the dark
underbrush. In recent years, the park has become the refuge
of both hermits and the homeless. They loiter in small
groups, like modern primitives, praying to the sleeping
master of the mountain. The Sabbat rarely travel to the
mountain because a number of Cainites have ended up
missing after their mountain travels. Some claim that Lu-
pines own it. The truth is far darker: It is the resting place of
the demon Metathiax.

Places of Interest

The Cross: Montreal's skyline is overlooked by a large
lit cross, an illuminated testament to the religious founda-
tions of the city. The original cross was placed on Mount
Royalon Epiphany (January 6) of 1612, by Paulde Chomedey
de Maisonneuve, one of the leaders of the Ville-Marie

colony. De Maisonneuve ascended the slope bearing the
ctoss on his shoulders in thanks to God for sparing the
colony from a great flood the previous Christmas night.
Subsequent conflicts with the Iroquois made maintaining
the cross difficult. It was finally replaced during a period of
peace in 1642. On Christmas Day, 1924, a steel cross with
electric lights was placed on the site and it still shines over
the city. During the 40 days of Lent, the cross' white lights
are replaced with deep-purple bulbs.

The current cross is of little consequence to the Sabbat
(although it does radiate a mild aura of Faith during Lent)
Old vampires, however, know that de Maisonneuve's cross
sank into the mountain over a period of several decades.
Fragments of that cross are occasionally discovered and are
marked with arcane symbols, The artifacts are rumored to
have the power to destroy potent Cainites and enlighten
even the most foolish.

Mont-Royal and Notre-Dame-des-Neiges Cemeter-
ies: These cemeteries cover a large portion of the mountain.
Mont-Royal was originally located in what isnow Dorchester
Square (the site of the Sabbat communal haven) and was
later moved to the mountain in the 1850s to make room for
Montreal's expansion, Small roads and densely packed rows
of tombstones characterize these cemeteries. The areas are
home to the dead and to homeless hermits who live in the
and mausoleums.

many crypts

The cemeteries, like the rest of the mountain, are
perplexing to the Sabbat. Only a handful of Creation Rites
conducted there have ever been successful, and the bodies
of those who did not resurface were never found.

Westmount

Westmount is located on one of the small hills that
neighbors Mount Royal, and it encroaches on the down-
town area to the west of Atwater Avenue. Westmount is
known as the richest neighborhood in Montreal, and it is
one of the wealthiest in Canada. Large parks border expan-
sive mansions, which are made of dark stone and decorated
with gargoyles and narrow windows.

Due to Westmount's proximity to the mountain, many
Sabbat shun the area. Others enjoy terrorizing and feeding
t. The jaded, spoiled sons and daugh-
ters of Montreal's elite are al

on Canada's upper crus

ys looking for new ways to
shock their conservative and apathetic parents. That makes
the youths easy prey for the Sabbat.

Cainite rumor has it that an agent of Quebec City's
prince resides in Westmount.

Outremont

Outremont is the Francophone counterpart of
Westmount. The exodus of Montreal's Anglophones since
the 1970s and the arrival of the Francophone elite has
transformed Outremout from a lower-middle-class district
a, Large homes and luxurious buildings, all
with a distinctive French flavor, mark this area as one of the

toa wealthy ar

most prosperous neighborhoods of Montreal.

The Periphery
of Montreal

The following is a list of the other neighborhoods in
Montreal. Most are residential. The farther west or east one
goes, the newer the areas become.

Notre-Dame-de-Grace
(N.D.G.) and Montreal West

Located west of Westmount along Sherbrooke Street,
N.D.G. and Montreal West are two predominantly English
middle-class neighborhoods. They also attract both ethnic
and student populations. Sherbrooke Street, west of Decarie
Expressway, is a minor shopping center that consists of
family-run stores. N.D.G. and Montreal West are separated
by Montreal's commuter-train tracks. The area immedi-
ately below the tracks is home to lower-middle-class families.

Chapter Three: Geography

Of interest in this area is Concordia University's Loyola
Campus. This old campus houses the university's art and
religious-studies departments and what used to be a Jesuit

school. It still houses an ill-maintained home, called Jesuit
. These
men call themselves the Brotherhood and actively crusade
sin Montreal. Loosely assoc
ated with the Society of Leopold, the Brotherhood is responsible

House, that is the residence of a handful of aging J

against the various corrupt fore:

for the Final Deaths of a number of careless Sabbat. The
Cainites met their end in the Jesuits' specially prepared torture
and interrogation chambers. Cainites are not the only ones who.
have to worry about the Brotherhood, though. The Jesuits have
recently taken to kidnapping and torturing students and "devi-
ants," hoping to learn more about the devil's work in Montreal.

Other Neighborhoods

LaSalle: Located below N.D.G. and Montreal West,

on the other side of the

hine Canal and west of Pointe

Saint-Charles, is LaSalle, a lower-middle-class neighbor-
hood. It's home to both English- and French-speaking
people. LaSalle is the site of Angrignon Park (one of
Montreal' largest), a popular location for Sabbat game
s rites. During the 1990 Oka Crisis, a large number of
Canadian troops were deployed here. The Douglas Hospi-

and

tal, Montreal's largest psychiatric institution, is located
nearby and is home to the Les Misérables coven.

The West Island (including Dollard des Ormeaux,
Pierrefonds, Dorval, Pointe-Claire, Beaconsfield, Kirkland and
int-Anne-de-Bellevue): West Islandis the bastion of Montreal's
English middle cl:
two

8. Cookie-cutter homes, tree-lined streets and

‘ar garages capture the essence of the place. This area is not
very popular with urban Sabbat. Archbishop Valez sends token
patrols to the region to guard against C:

‘amarilla incursions, but
the Sabbat really has no idea what roams the quiet suburban
streets, Dorval Airport is one of the few locations that attra
Sabbat attention, mostly to insure that no vampire enters or

leaves the city without the archbishop's knowledge.

Ville Saint-Laurent: Ville Saint-Laurent, an area dot-
ted by high-tech industrial complexes, covers the area
between West Island and Mount Royal. The residential
portion of this region is dominated by Middle Eastern
immigrant:
many warehouses store toxic wastes and materials.

and Francophones, Unknown to the residents,

Montreal North and Anjou: Located east of Saint-
Laurent Boulevard, these neighborhoods are dominated by
the French. Whereas homes in the English-dominated
Montreal West and N.D.G
ized and the homes are small, epitomizing the economic
differences that prevailed until the 1960s between Montreal's
French and English communities.

, this area is urban-

are spacio

The Landmarks of Montreal

The Saint Joseph Oratory: The largest church in
Montreal, the oratory rises from the mountain like a
monolith. It was built under the direction of holy man
Brother André in the 1920s. It is the largest church
devoted to St. Joseph ip, the world.

The oratory is an ‘itiposing structure. Its stern
facade and stone architecture seem unforgiving, while |
its interior is an eclectic mix'of old and new. Thélower, |
section, Brother Andre's crypt, i8aconventional church: |
wooden pews, altars and rows of candles. There is also
a museum dedicated to the life of Brother André. His
heart — encased in a glass urn — si
museum's display windows.

Olympic Stadium: Located in the eastern part of
Montreal, Olympic Stadium is one of the'most impres-
sive sites in the city. Built for the 1976 Olympics aiid
finally completed in 1986, this mammoth structure
rises from flat planes to rival the natural beauty of
Mount Royal and Saint Joseph Oratory

The Old Port: Old Port, as the name suggests, is"
the oldest harbor in Montteal. The atea hasbeen |
renovated and transformed into an urban patk an
open market. i i

Habitat 67: Built for the 1967 World Expo, this |
residential building is known worldwide, It's made of
modulatigubes that are placed on tof of eachother,

Ile Saitite-Heéléne: One of the sites of the 1967 |
World Expo (Il Nétre-Dame is, the othét), Ile Saint |
Héléne isnowhome to LalRonde, Monteeal's amusement
park, The Sabbat use La Rénde for their own ‘twisted 1
amusement when the park is¢losed hetweenOctoberand, |
May of eaéh, year. The vampires of Zahovich's Circus
make the aréajtheir hayen and performange arena.

in one of the

Montréal Est: Montréal Est is the city's industrial
heart. Massive factories stretch across the width of the
island from the Saint Lawrence River and the port to the
s. Oil refineries, grain silos,
textile mills and heavy industries create an intricate maze of
pipelines, rail lines and highways. The area is largely aban-
doned at night, giving the Sabbat free reign to use the
sprawling factories as training grounds for new recruits.

northern Riviére-des-Pra

Laval: This small island city is separated from Montreal
by the thin strip of the Rivigre-des-Prairies. Laval is actually
a loose association of suburban neighborhoods, industrial
parks and public parks. Like West Island, Laval is considered
little more than an occasional distraction by the Sabbat

Montreal by Night

The Sc
Island are li
Chateauga'
These com
malls, mani
airports anc
largely ign
escape fron
encounters

The

Beyon
waters that
isthe resto
and the Li
that threa
enough to


aR,
pal

urch in
1 like a
ly man
church

S stern
while
‘lower,
hurch:
iSalso
é. His
of the

art of
pres-
and
cture
ty of

ts, is
een,

itrial
the
‘the
ilos,
te of
jan-
the

‘eal
ily
tial
ted

The South and North Shores: The shores of Montreal
Island are lined by small municipalities, including Longueil,
Chiteaugay, Rosemaire, Saint-Hubert and Saint-Bruno.
These communities are diverse, juxtaposing huge shopping
malls, manicured suburban lawns, industrial parks, regional
airports and endless stretches of barren highway. The Sabbat
largely ignore both shores other than when wanting to
escape from Montreal. The Sabbat also know that Lupine
encounters are much more likely off the island.

The Outlands

Beyond the lights of downtown and past the dark

waters that surround Montreal is the savage wilderness that
istherest of Quebec. Rolling hills, secluded lakes and rivers,
and the Laurentian Mountains are foreboding territories
that threaten to engulf those Cainites who are daring
enough to venture into them. A number of Gangrel, both

Camarilla and Sabbat, make their havens in these wilds and
lead quiet existences.

The Garouare masters of outland Quebec. For the most
part, they're content to leave the Leeches in control of
Montreal. The Garou tried and failed to defeat Metathiax
centuries ago. Now, Montreal is a painful reminder of the
sacrifice of the Huron tribe that managed to bind the demon
to the island. The Garou not only lost allies, but their
mountain caern. Ultimately, it was a small price to pay to
pre

nt the demon's evil from further spreading

Rumor has it that the Shadow Lords might aid Quebec
City's Tremere in taking Montreal from the Sabbat. But
even if this alliance is achieved, it won't be long-standing.
Although it is not widely known, the occasional Uktena or
Bone Gnawer enters Montreal for his own r
part, the outlying Wendigo have a number of contacts and
Kinfolk on the Kahnawake and Kanesetake reserves, but the
tribe's true power rests in northern Quebec.

‘ons. For their


Ori
ON
SY
Oy
if

Sy
oe

}
o%

NA
S


we only come out at night, the days are much too bright

we only come out at night

and once again, you'll pretend to know me well, my friends
and once again, I'll pretend to know the way

through the empty space

through the secret places of the heart

— Smashing Pumpkins, "we only come out at night"

Montreal is swept up on currents of fear and corruption.
Around every cornerand beneath the streets lurk the Sabbat,
dark and beautiful monsters who prey on humanity. They
espouse dark philosophies that are unimaginable to mortals
and play vicious games on bloodstained fields. But the
Sabbatalso know fear. A malignant growth festers in Montreal
and it rends the souls of the city's inhuman masters.

Montreal's
Nightlife

Most mortals never see the Sabbat. They only hear
tales of children found mutilated, of young women who
vanish on their ways home, of ornate mansions that contain
the sickly aromas of blood and fear. Montreal's vampires
have abandoned their humanity and have no wish to live

like the "cattle." To them, humans exist only to be fed upon
and to provide horrific entertainment, not to be role models
of the sect's ways. The Sabbat therefore spend much of their
time away from mortal eyes, leaving only signs of their
bloody acts as testimonies of their existence.

Feeding

As with any predator, a significant part of a Sabbat
vampire's unlife is devoted to hunting and feeding. Finding
nourishment in Montreal is easy; famished Cainites can liter-
ally gut passersby. Most consider feeding an art form, though.
Véronique La Cruelle, the Toreador antitribu who served as
archbishop from 1935 to 1975, explored the joy of creating
"artistic" horror with each kill. Some packs — suchas the gang
known as Les Orphelins (The Orphans) — follow this tradi-
tion by killing prey in imaginatively brutal ways. Their most
recent accomplishment involved leaving decapitated bodies

Chapter Four: Undead Life


dangling from a highway overpass and watching the multicar
pileup that resulted. Most covens follow Véronique's edicts
more closely, however, and seek to instill more refined forms
of fear. Thus, instances of barefaced slaughter are outnumbered
by disturbing scenes of bloodless children being "tucked in"
with their unwitting parents, or of loyers vanishing with only
two bloody strips of flesh remaining. Driving prey's loved ones
to sadistic acts of desperation is especially appreciated.
Sabbat who prefer social hunting patterns stalk their
prey in mortal clubs. They typically survey nightspots and
project dark auras that attract many and sober others. The
meat-market dance clubs of Crescent and Bishop Streets
offer the easiest pickings, but many vampires prefer loca-
tions with more style. Heaven, Angel's Fall and The Heart
are all run by Sabbat who welcome their friends and allies.
Alternative bars, crowded coffeehous
that pop up across the city are also popular feeding grounds.
A favorite feeding game involves identifying a group of
drunk revelers. The hunter singles out a target and mutilates
him, then returns to seduce his friends and smears them with
the first victim's blood. Only when the mortals wake up in
the morning — to the news of their companion's death —
do they realize what the red marks on their bodies really are.

The Underworld

Montreal's extensive network of Metro stations, malls and

sand semilegal raves

office buildings provides a perfect world for the Sabbat. After
the last trains grind to a halt at 1:30 A.M., the underworld
comes to unlife. Véronique La Cruelle ensured that a series of
"maintenance tunnels" was built into the Underground City,
and every Sabbat knows of a few ways to get inside.

Freed of mortal concerns, the Sabbat allow themselves
to relax and enjoy their unlives. Metro stations in the
downtown core — particularly McGill Station —are popu-
cted by multiple
shopping malls, pedestrian passages and secret links to the
Sabbat communal haven. The Cainites gather at under-
ground junction points to conve

lar gathering spots because they are inters

, perform or prepare
outings. Blood feasts are staged frequently, and returning
bodies to their respective homes and beds is often the last
game played before dawn.

The Metro stations along the north side of Mount
Royal (on Line Four, see the Metro map) are popular with
vampiric thrill-seekers. The stations are infused with the
strange aura that characterizes the mountain. Malformed
creatures, parts of the dark force known to most local
vampires as the "Unknown," have been known to emerge
from the walls of these tunnels to prey on lone Sabbat.

Nighttime Activities
Despite time dedicated to rites, personal goals and Path

obligations, there are always a few hours left in a night to
mingle with other sect members and to enjoy parties.

Various performances have become popular; different vam
piresstage displays of their dark powers for the entertainment)
of other Cainites, Those who put on consistently good,
shows gain status and recognition. 4

Scholarly Sabbat often gather in the communal haven
to enjoy the Rubdiydt of the Shepherd of Caine Alfred)
Benezri (who is a candidate for archbishop). His stanzas ar
inspired by the dying screams of mortals and have been!
known to reduce Sabbat to tears of joy. The Noddist
scholars Marie-Ange Gagnon and Elias the Whale are als)
highly regarded for their ongoing debates on the nature of
Cainites. The Sabbat bar Angel's Fall hosts events for those]
with wild hearts, including performances by the vampire)
band Wyldchylde. Stylish duels are also fought between)
warriors such as the Ravnosantitribu Cairo and the Assamite)
antitribu Reza Fatir. Those seeking the bizarre and surreal
enjoy Zarnovich's Circus, a monstrous freak show that
draws mortals into the depths of perversity for the benefitaf
their undead audience. The twisting fire-dances of Stéphanie
L'Heureux, a mistress of Vicissitude, are popular as well. The
an invitation from the mad coven Les
Misérables to experience its incomprehensible world at the
Douglas Mental Hospital.

rarest of pleasures

Fun and Games

Beyond their practice of instilling terror with every kill,
the Sabbat of Montreal enjoy a wide variety of games. The'
sually intended to poke murderous fun at the
pathetic lives of mortals. A particularly popular element of
these games is Toy, a feral quadriplegic Samedi who is kept by
Les Misérables and who has become the city's unofficial mascot,

events are

Bobbing for Mortals: Of the many games featuring
Toy, this is one of the few that the feral Samedi actually
enjoys (his grunts and snarls are indecipherable, but his"
toothy grin says itall). The Sabbat kidnap mortals and bring
them tothe Five Roses grain-storage facility near Montreal's
port. The humans are dumped into a huge silo, neck-deep in
seed stock. Toy is tied to a harness at the end of an elastic"
cord and dropped into the silo. The Sabbat enjoy watching:
him bob for humans as he bounces at the end of the cord.

Fatality Fun: Inspired by the release of the "Mortality"
Fighter" video game, the Sabbat like to dress upas the arcade
characters, kidnap humans and force them to "fight!" The"
Sabbat are not so interested in fighting as they are in
enacting original "mortalities."

Gray Cup Football: Named after the championship of
the Canadian Football League, this event is a playful compe-
tition between the Sabbat of Montreal and Toronto. The city
of Ottawa is the traditional "football field" (much to the
chagrin of the residing Camarilla). Two end zones are desig:
nated randomly. The object of the game is to grab a specified
human at one end of the city and carry her to the opposing"
team's end zone to score. The "football" changes hands when

one team manages to steal it, scores with it, or when it is tom
:

Montreal by Night


rent vam-
tainment
ntly good

al haven,
1e Alfred
tanzas are
ave been
Noddist
eare also
nature of
for those
vampire
between
Assamite
d surreal
1ow that
benefit of
téphanie
well. The
oven Les
rld at the

very kill,
mes: The
in at the
ement of
is kept by
ilmascot.

aturing
actually
, but his
ndbring
ontreal's
-deep in
nelastic
ratching
re cord.
fortality
earcade
tl" The
are in

ship of
compe-
Shecity
to the
edesig-
recified
sposing
swhen
istorn

limb from limb. Some games have been played with multiple
body parts, but the Sabbat prefer to find fresh "balls" because
they scream louder. The human football invariably dies from
multiple turnovers, being spiked in the endzone, or by being
kicked for that elusive extra point. Only one "football" has
ever survived an entire game and was Embraced for being "a
good sport." She is currently a member of the Toronto Sabbat
and a damn fine player herself.

Movie Night: To enhance camaraderie, the Sabbat often
have movie nights after holding the Vaulderie or partaking in
large blood feasts. The movies are shown at the abandoned
Cinema V on Sherbrooke Street, in N.D.G. As in The Rocky
Horror Picture Show, Sabbat can choose to watch or act out
parts of the film. Favorites are Pulp Fiction, shown from three
to five times (with Toy as "The Gimp" each and every
time), and Big Trouble in Little China (with Toy playing old
man Lo Pan in his wheelchair). Movie nights are usually
hosted by the Lost Angels, Archbishop Carolina Valez's
coven, or by the mad Les Misérables (though the Sabbat is
getting tired of watching The Silence of the Lambs)

Playing in Traffic: This is a simple game. Sabbat pull
up next to a car on the highway and motion for the mortal
to roll down her window. If she cooperates, the passenger-
side Sabbat Dominates the driver and makes her forget how
to drive. The look of sheer panic as she tries to gain control
of her vehicle is priceless.

Respect for the Dead: Many Sabbat enjoy looking
through the obituaries to find someone who has recently
passed away. They dig up the rotting carcass and then visit the
departed's home, leaving the body on a sofa, in bed with a
sleeping spouse, with children, in the bathtub, oron the toilet.
During holidays, they dress corpses up like Santa Claus or the
Easter Bunny, whatever is appropriate to the season

Taking Toy for a Walk: This game is played with two
Sabbat who pose as parents. Toy is dressed in diapers, baby
clothing and has his tongue cut out (more than a few Sabbat
have lost fingers, noses and ears this way). The proud
parents take Toy in a stroller for an early evening walk.
Other Sabbat watch from a distance. Whenever the "par-
ents" see a mortal approaching, they encourage the human
admirer to look into the strollerand "coo." The parents then
stand back as the victim is mauled by the "cute little thing."

A Sabbat Calendar

Notevery night is dedicated to mayhem and destruction,
not even for the Sabbat. Thursday through Saturday nightsare
peak times for those who move among the cattle; stores are
open lateand nightclubs are packed. Thanks to the Shepherds
of Caine, Sundays are traditionally nights of worship and
mediation, featuring Path meetings and Auctoritas Ritae. The
pinpricks of faith also sting more intensely on Sundays,
although the city's large Muslim and Jewish populations make
Friday nights somewhat uncomfortable as well. Mondays
through Wednesdays are commonly dedicated to "shadow

Chapter Four: Undead Life


hunting." The brave and foolish gather on Mount Royal totry
toconfront its mysteries. Those who find what they're looking
for rarely escape unscathed

Most Sabbat stay indoors during the bitter winter
months. In other seasons, the streets and parks prove to be
easy hunting grounds, although vampires still go under
ground to be among their own kind. The city truly comes ta
unlife during the summer. Mortal festivals attract feeding
prospects from other cities, and the yearly Opening of the
Litany brings many Sabbat— including luminaries from the
Inner Circle — from across the globe (see The Litany of
Blood). Political meetings, Path conferences and wild parr
ties vie for the attention of the summertime vampiric

population. The best hosts gain allies and prestige.

Political tensions tend to accentuate summertime's
social competitiveness. Sabhat compete for the title of Best
Party Crasher: Who can make the most dramatic entrance
toa Cainite or mortal affair? Summer also features a parallel
to the recording of exploits in the Litany. It's called a "brag
and bitch" session. Visiting Sabbat boast of their exploits
and belittle their rivals, which often leads to violent out
bursts, much to the enjoyment of those attending.

The Cold Winter ]

Every year, Montreal is caught in a frigid vise that
lasts from November to April. Temperatures can: plunge
to 40 below, and storms that drop over a foot: ofsnow are
common. Like the mortals of the city, the Sabbat must
deal with seasonal hardships, Although vampires are.
nearly indestructible, regenerating frostbitten fingers
and feeding from the frozen corpses of vagrants and
urchins are not enjoyable activities. Most Sabhat stay _

underground during the winter monchs,:feasting on 4
mortals who themselves seek shelter, This brings a_|
wholenew meaningtoChristmas' traditional color,red._|
Those who can, bear the cold revel im winter; the)
surface world becomes their playground? These Sabbat
Often! enjoy lurihg moitals to join them on the coldest of
nights, watching as theit'thralls slowly suffer from expo-
sure, and drinking theit Victims' icy blood jude*beféte
death. Playful Sabbat call thes

intrigues
and Threats

Montreal is rife with secrets and betrayal. From the first
arrival of Europeans, the island has been corrupted by those
seeking power at any price. Tides of faith have risen to purge
these monstrosities, only to be driven back by insi ious plots
and depraved acts. The Sabbat are confident that the city is
theirs. But dark powers conspire to pull their empire out

snacks ‘snow cones."

aT ere eS


oyal to try
re looking

rt winter
ove to be
0 under-
comes to
t feeding
ng of the
from the
itany of
wild par-
vampiric
\ertime's
e of Best
ntrance
parallel
1a "brag
exploits
ent out-

efirst
those

from under them while they trifle with their own intrigues.
Political division, agents of the Camarilla and disciples of
the darkest powers all threaten the city.

Sabbat Intrigue

Though the Sabbat claim to be free of the chains of
mortality, they remain tied to their once-human natures in
someaspects, Like all vampires, they cannot help but plot and
intrigue, becoming their own worst enemies. Their politics are
simply masked by fronts of unity and by eruptions of brutality.
Since the defeat of the infernalist Sangris in 1992, Carolina
Valea, aforeign archbishop put in place by Cardinal Strathcona,
hasruled Montreal's Sabbat. Since Valez's arrival, the city has
fractured into three factions. Covens and packs support either
the new archbishop, Alfred Benezri of the Shepherds (the
traditional leaders of Montreal), or the young and dynamic
Black Hand member Ezekiel.

The Lost Angels

Archbishop Carolina Valez and her pack the Lost
Angels hold official power in Montreal. Pulled from Los
Angeles and Mexico, the Angels were
Montreal after the execution of Sangris. Archbishop Valez,

signed to rule over

acold and stylish killer with experience gained during the
bloody struggles with the anarchs of L.A., has a few potent
supporters. The Widows, a darkly seductive trinity of
Cainites, are her strongest backers. The Angels are also
supported by the seminomadic Navigators, a war pack that
has gained prestige by raiding Camarilla enclaves along the
shores of the Great Lakes. Until recently, Valez also re-
ceived the reluctant support of the Shepherds, but they now

present their own candidate for leadership.

Archbishop Valez's greatest asset is her cold efficiency
asaleader. Utilizing a retinue of Grimaldi revenants, she has
established a stranglehold on the mortal infrastructure of
the city. Whereas most local Sabbat have focused on cor-
rupting Montreal's pri
the powerbrokers. Under her tutelage, police officers and

and scholars, she has degraded

politicians have learned that the attainment of true power
demands the ritual domination of all whom they love.
Throughout the city's
in hidden cages; they are chained to beds, violated and
mutilated, barely clinging to life. Such is the price of power
in the archbishop's domain.

ich homes, wives and children fester

Unable to break her dark obsession with her mortal
granddaughter Josefina, Valez forces her pawns to act out
crimes that she cannot partake in. Her secret is guarded by
her cadre of loyal Grimaldi revenants, who eliminate all
who threaten Josefina.

25:17

The most dynamic faction in Montreal is the Black
Hand-affiliated pack known as 25:17. The pack arrived in
the city in 1994 and has shaken up the order of things ever

since. The group is led by Ezekiel (a childe of the infernalist
Sangris), who was rescued from infernal damnation by the
Black Hand. Veterans of the war for Chicago, the pack
members reject both the Shepherds' traditional ties to
religion and Archbishop Valez's influence over humanity.
Ezekiel is a strict believer in the Sabbat tenet of freedom
from the chains of mortal life. He calls fora purging of all the

weak and disloyal. Under his strong hand, the city would
thrive as never before, or so he claims. The truth is, he is
ready to destroy the city rather than see another "fool" lead
in his place.

ekiel's extreme views and potent charisma have

attra
Les Orphelins, a group that revels in the violent street

ted support from the most violent of the city's packs.

crime, is 25:17's most prominent supporter. The Wretched,

a collection of utterly inhuman Sabbat, also backs Ezekiel.
Some who remember the Serpent's sire Sangris smell the
taint of infernalism on Ezekiel, but both the Hand and
Inquisition have cleared him of charges, little knowing that
his ambition is slowly driving him down his sire's path.

E

and is now ready to make his move. He awaits Archbishop

in Montreal

kiel hasspent the last few years makingall

Valez's next mistake.

The Shepherds

The oldest and best-known Sabbat coven in Montreal,

the Shepherds of Caine has reentered the political sphere

after a long absence. Discredited by its support of Arch-

bishop Sangris— who was later revealed to be an infernalist
— the coven had little choice but to accept the imposition

| Strathcona. As Valez insti-

of Carolina Valez by Cardir

tuted her own policies and disregarded the Shepherds, their
support for the Mexican was withdrawn. Meanwhile, the
arrival of Ezekiel, a physical reminder of the Shepherds'
error with Sangris, and_his insistence that the Sabbat
abandon the fetters of mortal faith have been interpreted by
the coven as an insult. The Shepherds have therefor:

decided that they need to a
are toachieve their own goals. They have nominated former

sstume control of the city if they

inquisitor Alfred Benezri.
The Shepherds have shaped the character of Montreal
and represent the city's conservative core. Their position is

supported by their fellow scholars the Librarians. These
library in the
communal haven and guard the Litany of Blood, the pri-
mary record of the Sabbat. The Queens of Mercy, a coven
that f
the Shepherds, but the Queens' opinions' are not very
influential. Alfred Benezri wishes to return the city to the
tenets of faith and power that founded it, and he is confident
that the Shepherds can maintain control of the city while
they spread their philosophy to the Camarilla. Little does
Benezri know that the demonic force supposedly destroyed

Noddists maintain an extensive yvampiri

off Montreal's large gay community, also supports

along with Sangris is actually growing in power.

Chapter Four: Undead Life

The Five Factions in Montreal

The Ave:factions ofthe Sabbat (see pe: 31 of The
Storytellers Handbook td the Sabbat) are stereotypes of
opinionratherthan organized political factions.1n Montreal,
personal, loyalty and charigtna are more important than
abstract philosophical stances, but some vague'alighuterits
exist. In broad strokes supporters of the status quo back the
Shepherds; modérates:side with Archbishop, Valez; and
ultacdnsetVativeshhack Ezekiel. A small group of loyalists
also forms around the Navigator Miguel Santo/Domingo,
who suspects his sire DeSoto of some vile conspiracy,

Outsiders

The struggle for leadership that currently engulfs the
abbat. Montreal's
vampires foolishly believe they have defeated the Camarilla

city conceals more serious threats to the

and infernalists in their region. They consider the former to
be cowering fools and the latter to be utterly destroyed; they
are mistaken on both counts.

The Camarilla
In October of 1970, federal troops imposed martial law
on Montreal. The act disguised Prince Jonah's final attempt
he Camarilla invasion was a

to conquer the French city. 7

58 Montreal by Night

miserable failure, and the Sabbat decimated the prince's
ghouls. Jonah himself was put to the stake by the current

prince, Cranston of Clan Nosferatu. Montreal's Sabbat now.
consider Ottawa a weak enclave to be toyed with for sport
The Sabbat underestimate Cranston. The Nosferatu has

sought out allies among the disenfranchised of Montreal. As

the city's political storm brews, there are some who are willing
to break the commandments of their sect to seize power.
Cranston's envoys rarely enter Montreal, preferring to meet
with Sabbat who come to Ottawa on "excursions." Sister
Evelyn, the pack priest of the violent Les Orphelins, has
participated in meetings since she realized that she was being
manipulated by her covenmate Pierre Bellemare. Cranston's
most critical ally in Montreal is the Shepherd Yitzhak. The
Sabbat is trying to spread the Path of Nocturnal Redemption

(the Shepherds' philosophy) into the Camarilla and is willing
to abandon some of his brethren to Cranston's minions. Even
though she has these supporters, the Nosferatu prince is
patient. She believes that her connections will only be useful
after Montreal's leadership issue is resolved

A greater threat to the Sabbat of Montreal is Annabelle,
the Tremere prince of Quebec City. The Cainites have
never thought of the small Camarilla enclave down the

riverasmuch ofa danger; its vampiric population is less than

20. However, in the 1980s, the Tremere established a
powerful chantry in Quebec City, and the Warlocks have

taken the
power tha
on capturi
a Montreé
(a membe
Annabell
was under
she sough
Montreal'
master, A

Valoi
valuable «
The Tren
mortal Fr
Such inte
nationalis
chanted »
important

Cami
from Val
Sabbat, o
Kindred, |

infer
The‘
was elimi
They are |
on the is
Montreal
strosities
demon M
Meta
mortal ac
World wit
tothe Hoc
was busy |
crew discc
He spread
lord. The
used pow
among th
bound Mc
The!
Metathiax
control of
kept prete
to the plac
learned of
Tzimisce (
in a grave
emerge. V
buried on

creating <


- prince':

current
bat now
or sport.
eratu has
treal. As
e willing
e power.
to meet
." Sister
lins, has
s being

anston's
ak. The
emption
s willing
s. Even

rince is
y¢ useful

nabelle,
es have
wn the
ess than
ished a
ks have

taken the city for themselves. Annabelle knows of the dark
power that lurks on Montreal Island and has set her sights
on capturing the place. The local prince's first contact with
aMontreal Sabbat was with the Malkavian antitribu Midget
(amember of the nomadic circus pack), who sought out
Annabelle's chantry. The prince recognized that Midget
was under demonic influence, but instead of destroying him,
she sought out the source of his power. Suspecting that
Montreal's potent faith might be tied to Midget's vile
master, Annabelle sent her childe Valois to the city.

Valois has yet to encounter Midget's lord, but made a
valuable contact in the Ventrue antitribu Marie-Héléne.
The Tremere in Quebec City have been riding the wave of
mortal French nationalism, hoping to gain more power.
Such interest in mortal affairs appealed to Marie-Héléne (a
nationalist in the Lost Angels who had become disen-
chanted with the Sabbat's refusal to acknowledge the
important mortal issues of language and heritage).

Camarilla vampires sent into Montreal can expect aid
from Valois, but only in exchange for service. Among the
Sabbat, only Yitzhak would consider protecting visiting
Kindred, but he would quickly dispose of them if necessary.

Infernalists

The Shepherds believe that Montreal's infernal threat
was eliminated with the destruction of Sangris in 1992.
They are terribly wrong; the corruption that has fermented
on the island for centuries is preparing to rise again.
Montreal's dark aura, its animated shadows and the mon-
strosities that prowl its bowels are the creations of the
demon Metathiax, one of the Decani lords of disease.

Metathiax, in search of new lands to conquer, sent a
mortal acolyte named Terrence DeBouville to the New
World with Jacques Cartier in 1535. While Cartierpreached
tothe Hochelaga Huron inhabitants of the island, DeBouville
was busy consecrating ground to his evil master. Cartier's
's acts and abandoned him.

crew discovered the infernal:
He spread plagues among the locals and reaped souls for his
lord. The Hurons were not without defenses, though, and
used powerful arcane rituals to trap the demonic force
among them. By sacrificing themselves to the end, they
bound Metathiax to the island itself.

The Decani were (and are) pure corruption. Before long,
Metathiax turned his prison into a cancerous tumor. Gaining
control of the island, he acted through DeBouville (whom he
kept preternaturally young) to corrupt the Iroquois who came
tothe place and then the Europeans who followed. Metathiax
earned of the Sabbat when DeBouville was Embraced by the
Tzimisce Connaught in 1653. Connaught placed DeBouville
w him
emerge. Metathiax then discovered his ability to claim those

ina grave on the slopes of Mount Royal and nevel

buried on the mountain, and scoured the soul of his acolyte,
creating an empty receptacle in which to place his own

essence. From that point on, DeBouville's body became
Metathiax's doorway to the mortal world. The demon has
walked the streets of Montreal for centuries, guiding Sabbat
and mortals alike with his dark influence — all the while
hoping to escape his prison.

The list of Metathiax's worshippers is long, but the
demon has always been careful not to keep too many
acolytes at any one time. He knows that forces exist which
may harm him, most notably the mortal faith that has arisen
in response to his evil presence. In the 20th century,
Metathiax's most potent followers have been the Brujah
antitribu Pierre Bellemare (of Les Orphelins) and the
Malkavian antitribu Cedilia of the Tongue (the latter cor-
rupted her clanmate Carlyle and his coven, Les Misérables).
Metathiax had hoped to make Cedilia a second perfect
vessel, but she refused to be destroyed at the last moment,
screaming, "I am not DeBouville!" She fled from both
Metathiax and her coven, escaping to Haiti to seek out
another Decani master, Bothothel.

In the Caribbean, safe from Metathiax, Cedilia per-
suaded a Serpent of the Light named Sangris to also enter into
apact with Bothothel. He responded to his own destruction as
Cedilia did hers with Metathiax and, following Cedilia's lead,
fled his demon master. However, he went to Montreal. Once
there, Sangris entered intoa pact with Metathiax to try togain
freedom from Bothothel. In the process, he managed to
elevate himself to the status of Sabbat archbishop. In 1992, he
was exposed as an infernalist and burned. However, during his
immolation, he took advantage ofa battle of wills between the
two Decani and used Dark Thaumaturgy to exchange his soul
with that of DeSoto, the inquisitor who executed him. DeSoto's
soul was unjustly sent to Metathiax's cancerous realm, while
Sangris took shelter in DeSoto's body.

During his brief battle with his kin Bothothel, Metathiax
ater his Huron prison.

discovered that together they could
Bothothel had no desire to see his sibling freed, though, and
Metathiax still supplicates his brother to help him. The key to
Metathiax's freedom is the immortal soul of Sangris.

Sangris played his gambit well. He is free of Metathiax's
wrath as long has he doesn't call upon infernal power while
in his new form. In hopes of duping Sangris into doing just
that, Metathiax has engineered a series of intrigues. Since
the "destruction" of Sangris, Metathiax has assumed physi-
cal form on Earth and fooled the Shepherds and the
Inquisition into believing that the infernal influence they
sensed on the island has been defeated. With the return of
Ezekiel, Sangris' childe, to Montreal, the Decani has or-
dered his acolyte Pierre Bellemare to corrupt the young
Setite. Metathiax knows that Sangris will likely sacrifice
himself rather then see his one "pure" accomplishment
tainted. Bellemare has also used his thrall Midget to contact
the Quebec Tremere and uses their power games to further
distract Montreal's vampires.

Chapter Four: Undead Life

59


Finally, Metathiax has agreed to send DeSoto's tor- S
tured soul back to Earth in the body of DeBouville in order palcramt Tite
to hunt for Sangris. Metathiax has promised Sangris' soul to
\ Bothothel. Unbeknownst to Bothothel, Metathiax has af-
fected DeSoto's mind and new body, making him believe

Metathiax's primary worship site is the Blood Circle,
the patch of ground first consecrated by DeBouville. It is"
now located undera dilapidated tenement in Old Montreal, "
Rites
infernalists, but the demon enjoys sacrificing Native Amer

ary with the depraved natures of Metathiax's"

himself to be Sangris. In this manner, the demon hopes to

trick Bothothel into claiming the wrong soul. Metathiax
has therefore put the inquisitor in the care of the Sabbat
scholar Marie-Ange Gagnon. Gagnon is being corrupted by
the confused soul she believes to be Sangris'. Now, Metathiax

cans the most. He also commands his followers to kidnap
vampires for the mere pleasure of scouring their souls and

rotting their corpses.

waits for his pawns to play their parts and for his prize to Blood spilled in the circle instantly becomes diseased,

Pe Are tailf Infernalists drink this vitae in worship of their master. They
thereby imbue their own systems with virulent plagues"
which they pass on to mortals and Cainites alike. During"
Beasts of Metathiax rituals that commemorate the anniversary of Metathiay's"

Beyond his slave DeSoto and the infernalise imprisonment, brackish pc :
Bellemare, Metathiax can call upon Bellemare's thrills, infernalists bathe in the deadly mixture. The ceremony ish
Midgérandithe Ravnosantitribu Cairo. The demon is also known as Decani's Fountain. Pierre Bellemare is currently"
served by the Black Spiral Dancer Leperhead, and by an the only one able to lead this ceremony.

enigmatic Daughter of Cacophony named Muse. These

s ooze from the circle and

Or

last two keep watch over the demon's most importaitt Infernal Deeds

physical resource: the Embraced Sabbatburied on Mount Although the diseases spread by Metathiax's worship:

RAVE PheGe,poor souls have become Metathian's, wat! pers rarely claim more than a handful of souls before losing

hounds: They are twisted into feral monstrosities and their potency, they can merge with mundane germs to

loosed upon Cainites who are foolish enough to journey, create deadly epidemics. Among others, outbreaks of small. |
‘onto the mountain's slopes. The creatures are also used to: pox (1773, 1777, 1817, 1885), cholera (1832, 1854), typhus
| spread «disease among the mortal population. These (1847) and AIDS (1978 on) have all been created or
vampiri¢ horrors are kept in the deepest recesses of the encouraged by infernalists in Metathiax's service. The 1918
¢ity sewers. The beings vary in power based orf their influenza epidemic, however, was orchestrated by Bothothel.
blood liheages, but most have at least one level of It was this challenge to Metathiax's hegemony that inspired
Potence, Celerity, Fortitude and Obfuscate. Cedilia of the Tongue to flee to Bothothel's Haitian temple
Métathiax also exerts a powerful physical influ: in 1929, when she sought to escape Metathiax's control.

ence dver his mountain prison. Its trees whisper his

arth is hungry and can swallow Sabbat awholed

Belletnare and Metathiay's feral thralls canyttayel ff Et |
through the cancerous arteries of the mountain, ex- 0 erna
; tracting themselves from the putrid soil like maggots

e

E though, and keeps the nature of his thralls hiddén in i
deep shadows. He usually commands them to prey. M ‘or ''

upon lone Cainites and mortals, creating much/more on ea Ss I
intense fear and uncertainty than if they; destroyed

The only manifestation ofhis power that Metathiax.

has n¢ control over is the Tremere angitribu Jacob the Tam the way into the Doleful city,
Glitch. When he was buried on the mountain, Jacob Tam the way into Eternal grief,
emerged, but as a twisted conduit for the demon's fears Lam the way to a Forsaken race.
1 and psychoses. Jacob speaks in tongues as ‘his shattered — Dante, The Divine Comedy
psyche struggles in vain to shrug off this demonic burden, The Temple of Eternal Whispers has long been an

Jacob's, ramblings would be a valuable, insightyon object of vampiric pride in Montreal. Sabbat usually build
Metathilax if they could be deciphered. tchful eyes

ofhumanity, preferring the privacy of cemeteries and aban-

their gathering places and havens beyond the v

| 60 Montreal by Night


doned buildings to museums and high-rises.
Mont-Royal's Damned used the small grave-
yards of the colonists as their havens upon
arrival in Ville-Marie in the 17th century.
This gave them the distance they needed
to slowly dominate Montreal

As the city grew, so did its cemeter-
ies, but never to the extent of the
graveyards in Europe. The Sabbat were
@ therefore careful to hide their existence
and maintain their old havens, often meet-

@ inginthebasementsof buildings connected

pus? @ tograveyards. After the British conquest of
pene New France and the American Revolution,
ges Montreal's population swelled. The old grave-
and yards couldno longer housé the inereasingnumber
py8 of dead. With the help of "Prince" Strathcona,
poely Pigs were davised to build'a larger cemetery tn
the 1790s.
By the early 1800s, the cemetery became a
Hie & small necropolis, as the contents of older grave-
yards were moved to it. Strathcona and the
poe @ Shepherds decided to make the new cemetery
ae Montreal's communal haven. Construction of the
Sus } new haven continued for a decade. Slaves and Dominated
Nog workers were used, and a vast network of underground
918 catacombs and crypts was created. At first the projecthad to
er be kept small and secret to avoid mortal and Camarilla
4 attention. It was the cholera epidemic of 1832 that gave the
Ric bbat the opportunity to build the communal haven that
F they really wanted. (Ironically, the demon Metathiax was

responsible for the outbreak). The volume of plague victims
overwhelmed available burial grounds, and Strathcona had
the graveyard and communal haven expanded even further.
He arranged for the city to build a vast subterranean mau-
soleum asa mass grave for the cholera victims. Within three
years, Montreal had one of the largest underground cem-
eteries in North America.

By the 1850s, the heart of Montreal had shifted from
Old Montreal to the area around the cemetery and commu-

nal haven. A number of homes cropped up around the
graveyard, and numerous churches bordered it. In 1855,

once in at Strathcona's prompting, the city moved the

cemetery to Mount Royal, hoping to make more room for
urban expansion. According to official records, all the
graves, bodies and crypts were moved to the new Notre-
Dame-des-Neiges and Mount Royal cemeteries, and the old
underground mausoleum was demolished. However, public
fear of another cholera outbreak and the sacrilegious han-

an dling of the bodies halted the project mid-way. The area
ild around-and above the communal haven became a park,
res initially named Dominion Squateand later called Dorchester

Square.

Chapter Four: Undead Life


Haunting Echoes

The Temple of Eternal Whispers is named for the
soft, almost inaudible moans and bellows that echo
through itshalls. Many cholera victims were buried alive
after being declared officially dead by frightened doctors.
Those poor soulsawoke to discover that their bodies had
been sealed into crypts or dumped into a mass grave.
Their screams echoed through the night, much to the
enjoyment of the Sabbat. Thanks to the design of the
mausoleum, with its high, vaulted ceilings, these haunt-
The Sabbat of
Montreal, having developed a love for the soothing

ing sounds can be heard to this day
whispers, conduct a ceremony every Halloween during
which they kidnap children and bury them alive so that
their cries can also be heard for centuries to come. Little
do the Sabbat realize that the cholera victims whisper
about the demon who pc s their souls. Indeed, the
Sabbat's ceremonies keep Metathiax's voice echoing
throughout the haven. It slowly drives more Sabbat to
the Path of Evil Revelations.

Sse

Strathcona and the Sabbat wanted to erase all records
of the underground cemetery. Fires and other mysterious
occurrences destroyed nearly every notation of the crypt's

existence. Onlya few obscure references remain. The public

park above the necropolis insures that no construction will
ever threaten the communal haven's existence. Its central
location in downtown Montreal also gives the Sabbat acces.
to the entire city.

The Temple of Eternal Whispers is
matvel, rivaling communal havens throughout the world,
Strathcona took great pride in its construction; he kid:
napped and forced the famous Camarilla Toreador architect
Francois Dumas to design it. Imprisoned and tortured,
Dumas was fed only once a week and was made to draw his
plans with his own blood on parchment made of flesh. The
Librarians still preserve a copy of his work. The end resultis
a stunning blend of Gothic and Classical architecture that
conveys the torment which Dumas suffered before he was
sealed into a tomb of his own design. His reward for his
an eternity spent in torpor.

an architectural

outstanding service w:

The temple is characterized by high, vaulted ceilings that
are adorned with effigies of vampires and devils. Each hallway
and many of the chambers are decorated with a continuous
frieze that depicts scenes from the Book of Nod and Sabbat
history. The temple is fairly large, encompassing not only the
central mausoleum but a number of small natural and man:

made caverns. The caverns are connected by an elaborate
network of tunnels and hallways. Thanks to the construction
of the Underground City, the Sabbat can now reach any point
in the downtown core from their communal haven.

Communal Haven

1 "Bulldine" "4 Wooxten Wall

Tunnel to,

62 Montreal by Night

Fountain ft ba Metro
eUAUEOUHGEEOnRanea
i HA :
' HH Ceypss
| ia) ns fee
Facer al a
} Crypts. —— x
rave SG} | al PO BRE om
! Tan = OO}
La
METRO.
° ° ° TUNNEL
td Lost Angel
CAINE'S A i i | Lair
CHAPEL | SAUSOLF Garden|
\ ~ Archway
°
Shrines for Paths of
Enlightenment
McGill
|ALEXANDRIUM =
(imultleve ci
To Old Montreal
Toe fo ee
| T] DUMAS' TOMB

nous

spraw
candl
natin,
7
hardl
of Mc
halls
enous
comn
whoa
Circl
const'
Sabbz
3
vault
statue
marbl
over 5
of the
staine
of Now
huma
leum


ion will
central
taccess

ectural
world.
he kid-
chitect
tured,
raw his
sh. The
result is
ire that
he was
for his

gs that
vallway
rinuous
Sabbat
nly the
d man-
borate
ruction
y point

to
TEL

The Temple of Eternal Whispers is a solemn and omi-
nous place, yet its beauty lends it a sublime quality. The
gravling web of tunnels, crypts and catacombs is lit by
candles, though electrical lights were recently added, illumi-
nating many areas that had been cloaked in darkness for years.

Those who admire the haven's dark grandeur can
hardly imagine that the architect heard the subtle whispers
of Metathiax's cholera victims and designed the twisting
falls in tribute to their voices. Most Sabbat are strong
tough to resist the temptations that surround them in the
communal haven, not only in sounds, but in sights. The few
whoare not so strong eventually find their way to the Blood
Circle for initiation (see "Infernal Rites"). The haven's
construction defies attempts at detailed mapping, but most
Sabbat can find their way through its main rooms.

The Mausoleum: The temple's central chamber has a
vaulted ceiling that rises nearly 30 feet. Along the walls are
statues of angels, devils and vampires that are sculpted in
qurble. The mausoleum is large enough to accommodate
0¥er500 vampires and is usually packed during the Opening
the Litany. The chamber is crowned by an intricate
stained-glass depiction of Gehenna as described in the Book
Nod. Under this sits the archbishop's throne, made from
human bone, which was sculpted by Dumas. The mauso-
{tum is lined by two levels of crypts along three of its four

by two spiraling
alcony that overlooks the
soleum. The entrance to the lait of the Lost Angels,
Archbishop Valez's coven, is at the rear of the mausoleum.

C

soleum

es and they form a

e's Chapel: Located a short distance from the mau-
one of the most beautiful chambers in the temple.
This small chapel is dedicated to Caine and has small altars
where followers can pray and meditate, one for each of the
Sabbat's recognized Paths of Enlightenment, Caine's Chapel
is also the location of the Gates of Eternity, the elaborate
bronze entrance to the Alexandrium Library (a collection of
Sabbat lore that's guarded by the Librarians coven).

The Crypts: The mausoleum and many of the temple's
hallways and smaller chambers are lined with the crypts of
the 1853 cholera epidemic victims. A majority of the crypts
were emptied long ago of their inhabitants and are now used
as meeting places'and hangouts. A number of tombs have
been adopted and personalized by individual packs. Not
every pack has a lair in the Temple of Eternal Whispers, but
each has at least one crypt that it calls home.

Church of the Forsaken: Actually located above ground,
sandwiched between two buildings and shielded from
Sherbrooke Street by a wooden wall, is the Church of the
Forsaken. The burned-out church isconnected to the haven by
twisting stone-lined halls. It houses Montreal's "black grove."

Chapter Four: Undead Life


ae
Ne

vor
uf Jat f
j ie Hg] J

TAL -
f

Montreal by Night

Long ago, the Shepherds of Caine developed a
Thaumaturgical ritual that transformed mortals into dis
tended black tree:
Inquisition used the ritual to punish mortal infernalists and

‘hat moaned in agony. In general, the

to discourage Sabbat who were curious about the Path of
Evil Revelations. In Montreal, the ritual is used to punish
mortal servants of enemies.

The nave of the church is crowded by the tortured
grove. The trees were once the followers of the infernalists
Cedilia of the Tongue and Sangris the Serpent. Thralls of
the Setite Jérar and the ghouls of Prince Jonah of Ottawa

also stand here. Scattered on the soil of the grove are the

ashes of Camarilla Kindred who were foolish enough tobe
caught in Montreal. There arealso the ashes of packmembes

who eared an archbishop's ire
Dumas' Tomb: Deep within the temple's winding
Sabbat, lies Dumas' tomb

tunnels, long forgotten by most
Every few decades the Toreador architect rises from torpor,
his form swarming with infernal cholera. Unable to scream
because he consumed his own tongue long ago, all he cando
is throw himself against his tomb's walls until he falls into
slumber again.

The Litany of Blood

A little learning is a dangerous thing;
Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring.
Alexander Pope, "An E

In the violent days of the Anarch Revolt and the yeats

‘ay on Criticism"

of quiet struggle that followed, history was the last thing on
the minds of those fighting the elders. Heritage was the
weapon of the oppressor, and the nascent Sabbat balked at
the strict hierarchy of generation and clan. But as the sect
grew and established its own strongholds, some began to feel
the need for a record of their own. Covens fought heroically
only to be forgotten; the sect was disjointed, it shared no
sense of continuity. In response, oral storytelling became an
important part of Sabbat ritual, and many cities instituted
other recording policies (like the coven names scrawlel
across the walls of Mexico City's communal haven). It wasin
Montreal, however, that the model for the whole sect emerged.

The local Sabbat created Liber Defuctorum in the 18th
century to honor those who had fallen while establishings
presence on the cursed island of Montreal. The Shepherdsal
Caine also sent out missionaries who returned with detailed
information on the Cainite communities they had visited
Under the care of the Shepherd Soeur Marianne, thew
diverse records were compiled into what she referred to a
the Litany of Blood, a guide to the fallen heroes of the

Sabbat. Marianne invited several prominent Noddist schol
ars toadd tothe Litany and they soon contributed genealogical
notes on the fallen. When Marianne left Montreal for alift
of isolated contemplation, the Litany was passed to het

Noddist aides. They formed the Librarians coven.

and

vitae
mair
ties.'
spect
to th

of Ci
the «
Sine
ever
lumi
upda

gene

Tape
on tl
ment
forw:
Cain
Sher
whil

)

uni
of ¢
ton
tev
asi
viti
Lik
the
Th
are
are
mo


ped a
to dis-
al, the
sts and
ath of
unish

rtured

ttawa
re the
to be
mbers

nding
tomb,
orpor,
cream
-an do
s into

Ti

years
ng on
is the
ced at

e sect

he an
tuted
twled

yasin

18th
inga
‘ds of
hiled
ited.

Under the Librarians' care, the Litany was standardized
and the skintomes — books of flesh inscribed with refined
vitae— became their medium. The original paper records are

maintained, although several were lost in fires over the centu-
ties. The Librarians also moved the Litany to a new venue, a
spectacular library called the Alexandrium which was linked
tothe newly constructed Temple of Eternal Whispers.

In 1910, the Librarians helped organize the Conference

ofCaine, which brought many of the sect's finest scholars to

the city to discuss philosophy and to consult the Litany.
Since that time, the Litany has been officially "opened"
every summer, attracting Sabbat from across the globe and
luminaries from the Inner Circle, Vampires arrive to enter
updated information about covens, fallen comrades and
genealogy into the skintomes

The Opening of the Litany is a time of great ceremony.
Tapestries of flesh (large versions of the skintgmes) are hung
on the communal haven's walls, illustrating the achieve-
ments of the sect's greatest warriors. Attendees contribute
blood to be refined into ink. One by one, visitors step
forward and tell tales of Sabbat worldwide. The Choir of
Caine — a group of Obertus revenants maintained by the
Shepherds — sings through most of this ceremony. Mean-
while, the city becomes darkly festive as blood feasts and

Tomes and Tapestries

The records of the Litarly of Blood are held in
unique bound volumesknown as skintomes. The result
olan application of Vicissitude and Thaumaturgy, the
fomes are made from a resilient parchment of mortal,
revenant and vampiric flesh, then bound into leather of
asitilar souitee, The tomes are inscribedwwith refined
vitae that stains,and feeds the pages. The Tzimisce
librarian! Molly Suses her Disciplines to add leaes to
the tomes, creating massive booksWwith very thin pages.
The tapestries of flesh aré produced in a similar way but
are much larger — often severaliundréd)square feet in)
area — and feature illuminated accounts of some of the
Most important scenes ftom the Litany.

The Litany contains three types! 6f ififermation:
The Books of the Fallen. are records of the Sabbat who.
have heen destroyed, Insome cases/Uetailed testimoni+
als are included; in others,' names and times sof,
destruction are listed. Few tapestries arevmade from.
these records, but some do depict the deaths of well-
khown Sabbat. The Books' of Trees contains! detailed
Cainite genealogical information. Tapestries feature
elaborate "family trees," with, scenes from the lives of
prominent members, Finally, The Books of Champions
contains accounts of the seet's greatest covens. Some
Heavens havc Only a gitigle deed entered in The Books of
Champions. Others, have multiple tomes dedicated to
them, Heroic tapestriés are,the most numerous and
feature the greatest deeds of the sect's idols,

rites are held to welcome visitors. Scholars who wish to
study the Litany can do so under supervision during the
Opening.

The Paths of
Enlightenment

There is no cruelty without consciousness and without the
application of consciousness. It is consciousness that gives to the
exercise of every act of life its blood-red color, its cruel nuance,
since it is understood that life is always someone's death

— Antonin Artaud, The Theater and Its Double

Among Sabbat, Montreal is renowned as a city of
scholars. The Litany of Blood records sect heroes and
martyrs. The Shepherds of Caine have fostered theological
meditation and debate since the coven's creation in the late
17th century. Given Montreal's intellectual and religious
significance, the diverse Paths of Enlightenment play a very
large role in the unlives of the city's undead.

The Path of Caine

The Path of Caine gained status in Montreal at the
beginning of the 19th century, when the Shepherds invited
scholars to the city and helped to create the Litany of Blood.
Almost all Noddists in the city remain tied to the Litany and
belong to the Librarians coven. Only Elias the Whale, a

bloated Nosferatu antitribu member of the Wretched, prac-
ecretly granted

tices the Path outside the Librarians and is

access to the Litany by his fellow scholars.

Organized rites involving Noddist research are carried
out by the coven rather than by a grouping of Path members
(see "The Librarians" in Chapter Five). Following the Path
is considered a personal quest, and each Noddist seeks truth
in her own way.

Members

The premier Noddist in Montreal is Christanius Lionel,
a Librarian who has dedicated his life to the study and under-
standing of Caine. Most Sabbat approach him if they need to
work out problems or if they require advice on spiritual matte:
Despite his position as a potent follower of the Path of Caine,
Christanius is not well recognized outside North America.

Other prominent Noddists include Elias the Whale and
Marie-Ange Gagnon. Gagnon, a Librarian blood-scholar, is
faltering in her beliefs thanks to the corrupting influence of
‘angris the Serpent. Jacob the
Glitch starts the Path anew with each rise of the full moon and

the person she believes to be

is regarded as a mystery by his fellows.

Temple
On the
they do so in the Alexandrium Library.

are occasions that the Noddists meet as a Path,

Chapter Four: Undead Life 65


The Path of Cathari

The Cathari in Montre:

, unlike those in other cities,
are not lost to the Path's materialistic tendencies. Rather,

they have transcended mi alism and achieved an en:

e

lightened understanding of their nature. For the local

Cathari, vampirism is not an excuse to live in pleasure and

depravity — those are considered mere tools to better

explore and understand the darkness and evil in the world.

According to Creamy Jade and The Rose (the two perfecti of
Montreal), in order to transcend, one must first understand
and embrace evil, for only then will divinity and beauty be

understood and achieved. By experiencing cruelty to its

fullest, Cathari disciples believe they can unlock the divin-
ity imprisoned in their undead bodies. The Cathari also
believe that they were chosen to test others' convictions by
corrupting and perverting them. Only the purest and stron
gest, it is thought, are allowed to escape the material world.

These unusual Cathari beliefs have created a schism in

the Path. More and more Cathari discover the wisdom
possessed by Montreal's members and make pilgrimages to

be absolved by The Rose and Creamy Jade. Others see the

Montreal movement as a perversion of the Path, and they
see Montreal's Cathari as elitists. Those siding with The

Rose and Creamy Jade call themselves Cathars, while thet

opponents — the Albigensians — do not believe tha

transcendence is possible for vampir

Members

The Cathari of Montreal are led by

he Rose and
Creamy Jade, who consider themselves spiritual advisor
The other members respect the perfecti and are interestedit
seeing their movement grow. Cairo, the Ravnos antitrhy
member of Les Orphelins, is the only member who is net
involved with the Path, and she has not performed he
consolamentum in some time. Cairo was recently seen ver
turing into the Heart for the first time, a sign that sheiy
breaking her enslavement to the infernalist Pierre Bellemar

Temple

The Path lair is the Heart, home to the Widows cover

Rites and Practices

Widow's Consolamentum: During the rite, the credentt

share in the Vaulderie with The Rose and Creamy Jadé
Then, through the use of Dominate, Dementation an!
Thaumaturgy, attendants are forced to relive their darket!
moments. As the credentes experience the evil in them!

66 Montreal by Night

sta
Th
the
giv
fur
wit
sou
of i
led
ex]

cen
ten
son
Zax
bru
to |
me
see
Mo
spit

,

the
hos
rese

foll
met
of E
An
lie i
Blac
mot

rites
imp

and
beg
ann
gatl


e their
e that

ie and
Vi

OFS.
sted in
ititribu
is not
'd her
nven-
she is
‘mare.

joven.

dentes
Jade.
a and
ark
them-

selves, the sheer emotion and pathos of the scene sends the
perfect into a frenzy and the credentes are drained. If the
subjects survive, they are absolved.

The Path of Death
and the Soul

The followers of Death and the Soul seek an under-
standing of the soul and the mortal husk that contains it.
The Necronomists of Montreal are a dedicated group led by
the Tzimisce Librarian Molly 8. The Litany of Blood has
given the Necronomists of Montreal a tool with which to

futher their Path, Their experiments, however, don't deal
with the death of the human body, but with the death of the

soul. The followers of this Path subscribe to an esoteric view

ofits tenets. Molly 8's knowledge of the "other realms" he

$
led her to believe that there is more to death than physical
expiration.

Molly 8 conducts experiments in the Céte-des-Neiges
cemetery, sacrificing both mortals and vampires in an at-
tempt to discover where their souls go upon death. She is
sometimes aided in her experiments by the circus-master
Zamovich. During each test, the subject is tortured and
brutalized. Molly has found that violent deaths cause souls

tohover near their bodies for hour:

these experi-
nents have been inconclusive. The subjects' souls always

seem to vanish into the ground. However, on two occa

sions,
Nolly8 has witnessed dark shadowy tendrils enveloping her
qiritsubjects and dragging them below ground.

Temple

Until the closing of the Hétel-Dieu Hospital in 1996,
the Path had no temple per se. Since then, it has used the old
hospital's extensive morgue to conduct experiments and
research.

Members

Though the Path of Death and the Soul has a small
flowing in Montreal, two of the Path's most respected
members live here: the Tzimisce Molly 8 (keeper of the Litany
ofBlood) and Zarnovich (a master of horror and Vicissitude).
Aminor rivalry exists between the two, but as their interests
lie in different fields, it has remained friendly.

Yasmin the
Black, of the 25:17 coven, is a faithful Necronomist, but is
more devoted to Ezekiel than her Path. She participates in
titesand experiments and conducts her own, but invests more
importance in other aspects of the Sabbat.

Rites and Practices
Nox Obitus (Death Night): The followers of Death
andthe Soul consider the nights of their Embraces to be the
feginnings of their quests to understand death. On the
anniversary of a Path member's Creation Rite, followers

gather to celebrate the meaning of death. The celebrations

culminate with a ceremony called the Baptismal, during
which all Path followers conduct experiments on the cel-
ebrant, bringing him as close to death as possible. Subjects
who are destroyed are believed to be released back into the
cycle of death. Those who survive gain a better understand-
ing of mortality.

The Path of Harmony

Harmonists have never been numerous in Montreal,
despite the fact that followers of the Path of Nocturnal
Redemption (espoused by the Shepherds of Caine) have
joined the Harmonists on occasion, Path followers form a
small circle that exists on the fringes of the city. They retain
some influence only through the efforts of Cé

te, amem-
ber of the nomadic Navigators and a respected Sabbat
warrior.

Members

The Navigator Céléste leads the Harmonists and hopes
tosee the Path grow, but counts only Caroline Bishops, the
tortured Pander of the Queens of Mercy coven,
traveler. Céléste is most concerned with helping Caroline
deal with the degradation that she has suffered at the hands
of Sabbat in New York, but she has become intrigued by the
mysterious Daughter of Cacophony Muse. Muse has begun
to appear at Harmonist rites, but her motives remain a

fellow

mystery.

Temple

Asis traditional for follower:
Harmonists do not have a permanent temple. Meetings and
rites are held in Summit Park in Westmount, a small refuge
kept in its natural state.

Rites and Practices

Running with the Wolves: Céléste practices only one

of their Path, Montreal's

organized rite, an improvised run through the wilderne
outside Montreal. During the ceremony, she and Caroline
surrender to the wild spirit within them. When predators
such as wolves join the
Lupines have appeared twice, forcing Céléste into desperate
battle to protect Caroline.

The Path of
Honorable Accord

The iron backbone of the Sabbat, the Path of Honorable
Accord is traditionally the strongest of all the Paths of Enlight-
enment. In Montreal, however, Patriots often take second place
to Cathars or Martyrs (followers of Nocturnal Redemption).
With the arrival of Archbishop Valez, the Path has gained some
status and has become one of the major forums for conflict in the

e, the rite is considered a su

city. Valez and her covenmate Marie-Héléne face off against
Reza Fatir and Soldat (covenmates of Ezekiel) at each meeting.

Chapter Four: Undead Life 67


Members
Archbishop Carolina Valezleads the Path from her throne,

as is traditional. She receives support from Marie-Héléne and
Miguel Santo Domingo, leader of the Navigators. Soldat and
Reza Fatir support Ezekiel and oppose Valez. Yet, new relation-
ships defy this simple alignment. Santo Domingo is the leader of
aLoyalist movement that is dedicated to freeing the Sabbat from
its secret societies; Reza Fatir has proved himself an honorable
opponent, deferring to the archbishop during rites. Marie-
Héléne has found mutual respect with Domingo and. Fatir,
making herself invaluable to the archbishop as a powerbroker.

Temple

All path meetings are hetd'in-the Temple of Eternal
Whispers.

Rites and Practices

The Patriots of Montreal do not practice any unique
rites, but strictly observe all the Auctoritas Ritae, overseeing
(among others) most Creation Rites and the annual Palla
Grande masquerade ball (see The Players Guide to the
Sabbat, pages 48-50, for more details).

The Path of
Nocturnal Redemption

The Path of Nocturnal Redemption was born in Montreal
atthe end of the 17th century. It began when a cadre of Jesuits,
Embraced by local Sabbat, emerged from their graves charged
with a potent mixture of human faith and Cainite enlighten-
ment. The city is still the home of the Path.

The Path's tenet, that the children of Caine must seek
redemption for their crimes and those of their Father, has found
adherents — called Martyrs — across the globe. Yet, only in
Montreal —and the exceptions of a few cities in Mexico and in
the Sabbat Inquisition —do these adherents make a significant
force. Acolytes undertake pilgrimages to Montreal to learn from
the founders of their Path and to pray at holy sites. Most arrive
during the summer months, coinciding with the Opening of the
Litany. During this period, the city's Martyrs dedicate them-
selves to ceremonies and informal discussions with visitors.

In recent times, some pilgrims have expressed concerns
that the supposed leaders of the Path have lost touch with their
faith. Almost all local Martyrs are members of the Shepherds
of Caine, and as the political concerns of the coven come to
the fore, some wonder whether the quest for redemption has
been forgotten. The Path rite of Sainting contributes to this
problemas the holiest Martyrs invariably end up passing on to
the next world, leaving the less enlightened to guide the faith.

Members

Since the Sainting of its founder Ignace in 1842, the
Path has had no recognized leader. A general stratification
has occurred, however. Raphael Catarari is considered the

holiest Martyr in Montreal, but he remains focused
own goals. Alfred Benezri, Yitzhak, Frére Marc and Bi
L'Angou are the closest things to leaders of the
They're enlightened enough to guide the young, yet
in contemplation of the Almighty:

Temple

Under the Vieux Séminaire (Old Seminary)
Montreal's Place-D'Armes is the Hall of Hollow

head stands the form of Saint Ignac

the Martyr, the found
the Path. Othersaints include Frangoi i

the Wise and Mat

without the permission of Raphael Catarari. The guard
saints imposes strict rules, demanding that visitors rem
clothes and shoes and speak only in whispers.

Rites and Practices

phi

enacted after nights of intense prayer and the mu
thesubject. Unknown toall, Yitzhak —a potent
— designed this ritual to imprison and punish the;

ality shift that they refer to as the "Divine Ti
ebbs and flows, the followers experience the dept
the heights of grace. The duration of these cycles
vampire to vampire, but each accomplishment

are punctuated by solemn ceremonies that are heldin

The Path of Power
and the Inner Voice

The Unifiers are strong in Montreal, yertheit
is subtle. While they do not meet like otherl

Montreal by Night


ed on his
1 Béatrice
the Path.
et not lost

acing Old
aints, the
re vaulted
id scented
the Path's
chamber's
founder of
Mateo the
nnects to
the hall
lian of the
love outer

near the
sir sins to
members
1 concur-
ls feature
children
d Mortal.
Sainting.
arari, this
leave her
rhe rite is
ion of
maturgist
roudest of
insformed
on.

derstand

of sin and
iries from

fecrossed
the Tide
ithe hall.

nfluence
iths, the

—

—_——

Unifiers maintain relatively close contact with each other,
forming an extremely tight-knit network, which is ready
and willing to come to the aid of its fellows. Whereas the
other Paths have goals and agendas to further their particu-
lirbeliefs, the Unifiers pride themselves on knowing that by
atisfying their ambitions, they further the Path and hence
the sect. The Unifiers are concerned with more than just
acquiring power; they want to secure the city and allow the
other Paths the freedom they need to pursue their own
agendas. The Unifiers see themselves as the father figures of
the Sabbat, and care for their "children" by exercising
gitimate power over them. Although many Unifier
ultaconservatives, others are treated with respect.

are

The Path is currently considering Ezekiel as arch-
bishop. Many feel that the Shepherds will gain too much

prover if Alfred Benezri leads the city. Other than the Lost

Ethics

| The following are the tenets of the Path of Noctur-
| nal Redemption:

| * Caine was-cursed by the, Almighty so that he
could séek redemption. Youtnust do the same,

ys) # Seek' to understand the sin within you. Qnly
PMynowledye ent redemption be discovéréd,

¢ The wisdom of mortals, who.are't@uched by the
Almighty, is of value and should be brought out by
driving the humans to extremes of good and evil.

¢ Embrace only those who have the ember of faith
within them; this will guide them in unlife.

Know that the ebb and flow of the Divine Tide
exist to bring you closer to salvation, not to allow you
torevel in your power or your insight.

Seek to understand the Curse in all its forms.

¢ Seek the wisdom of Caine and the Second
Generation, for only they lived by the Curse.

¢ Seek confessional with one further along the
Path than you. Take confessional from those behind
you. Never break its secrecy.

)  o# Prepatefor the coming of those who haveltakén
pleasure fromthe Ciirse. Strike at their hearts with all
u@tiights and seek redemption in glory.

® Seck out those. amongour kind! who may be
aved. To let one be Damned without showing her the
Path is a sin, ft

Spend time in prayer and meditation. Contem-
ion is the path to: wisdom.

Angel Tobias Smith, most Unifiers distrust the foreign-
imposed Archbishop Valez and her pack.

Members

The Path is extremely individualistic and has no leader
per se. Instead, the followers offer their assistance to each
other. Though Ezekiel holds the most sway, most followers
are on equal footing.

Temple

The only "official" Path event is a monthly meeting to
discuss current affairs in the city. The discussion takes place
on the roof of Place Ville-Marie, downtown.

Rites and Practices

The Unifiers have no particular rites or practices. Path

members are left to test and discover their inner voices accord-

ing to their personal ideologies. Each usually spendsa few hours
anight in quiet meditation, contemplating his inner self.

Path of Nocturnal Redemption
Hierarchy of Sins
The followih ‘areithétshose®dyjevous sins thatea
follower of the Path of Nocturhal Redemption, ean
commit:

10 Pursuing any goals other than redemption.

9 Refusingto pursue information about the Curse
when there is great risk or putting temporal
concerns before enlightenment.

8 Resisting the Divine Tide.

7 Refusing to learn from those with greater
understanding or killing a mortal who has
been touched by the Almighty without first
offering her the Embrace.

6 — Foregoing the opportunity to show others the
Path or not seeking information on the Curse
when there is moderate risk

5. Refysing,to take or give confession.

Nor spending at least some time in meditation
OF prayer cach night.

3, "Not seeking to understand the Curse when'
there is little or no,tisk,

2. Not exploring the Divine Tide or breaking
the'secrecy of the confessional.

1 Refusing to acknowledge the need for
redemption.

Chapter Four: Undead Life 69



For there is no friend like a sister
In calm or stormy weather;

To cheer one on the tedious way,
To fetch one if one goes astray,
To lift one if one totters down,
To strengthen whilst one stands

~ Christina Rossetti, "Goblin Market"

[2 2 ee ee

Chapter Five: Covens


I ee

The coven is a Sabbat member's family, home, circle of
friends and parents all rolled into one. While individual
vampires have their own feelings about the conditions in
Montreal, their covens have factionalized based on the
three vampires who are vying for power: Archbishop Caro-
lina Valezof the Lost Angels, Alfred Benezri of the Shepherds,
and Ezekiel of 25:17.

, Vinculum Ratings

A complexseries of Blood Bonds called the Vihteu-
lum ties the Sabbat, together. Where players' Sabbar
characters areconcerned, it's important to keep track of
‘individual Vinculum. ratings. The same is true, for
Montreal's key individuals and their covens. Othet-
Wise, assume that covenmates share a Vinculum rating
of 6 to 8, allies a rating of 3 ro 6, atid simple acquaintan-
ces a rating of 0 to 4, The Vauilderie is held frequently
during, crigades, and ratings should increase by two
dufing,those times. Ratings should also be modified by
the personalities arid habits of individual vampires.

Archbishop

Carolina Valez and
Her Supporters

The covens that have lined up to support Carolina

Valez, the archbishop imposed on Montreal by Cardi
Strathcona, form a loose coalition of diverse Sabbat. The
Cathari Widows have considerable influence, but the no-
madic Navigators have little weight in the city. The
archbishop's hold on power is precarious at best.

The Lost Angels

Death is everywhere

There are flies on the windscreen

For a start

Reminding us

We could be torn apart

Tonight

— Depeche Mode, "Fly on the Windscreen"

The Lost Angels have come a long way since their
creation 25 years ago in Mexico City. In the 1980s, their
pack was among the few sent into the Anarch Free States to
reestablish a Sabbat foothold in California, which was lost
in the ‘60s. Unfortunately, the Sabbat effort was plagued by
internal problems. Archbishop Fuller, who was responsible

for the operation, inept and refused to grant his

subcommanders any freedom. His methods were narrow-
minded, resulting in a number of futile confrontations
between the Sabbat and the anarchs of Los Angeles. The

Lost Angels suffered under Fuller's command, losing thi

packmates during their first six months in the city. Thy
then disassociated themselves from their commander ai
infiltrated the Mexican, Latino and vampire gangs in Calf
fornia, establishing a power base. It was this manipulat
that eventually saved the Sabbat effort in L.A. Carolit
Valez's contacts with the Mexican community and local af.
officers prevented all-out war in L.A. and saved the Sabhi
mission from absolute failure.

Following these events, tensions ran high in the Sabb)
Archbishop Fuller accused the Lost Angels of treachey
Valez accused him of incompetence. Cardinal Strathcaa)
was forced to intercede and settle the dispute. Strathcos
found Fuller guilty of Valez's charge and put her in charge
L.A.'s Sabbat.

In the years that followed, the Sabbat, hidden am
Los Angeles' vampire gangs, grew in number. Valez reco
nized that her sect didn't rule the city, and would haved
work in secret until it did. Valez's reputation as a fair a
spread, though she wasn't aftaid to enforce discipline
mete out punishment.

As the Sabbat in L.
and quietly gained power, Valez restricted pack activitid"
and use of rites to avoid attracting attention. Perhaps 7

. continued to increase in numbd

wa strictive, though. In the ‘90s, she refused to call
crusade during the Rodney King riots, even though
. Had the Sabbat attack

the anarchs at that point, the city might have fallen,

s too r

bishops pleaded with her to do s

sive conser

retrospect, Valez acknowledged her exc
tism. Later that month, the Lost Angels were recalled

Mexico, where they spent the following year. The Li

on was abandoned for the time being.

The Lost Angels were admonished and branded,
remind them of their "failure." But, once again, Cardinl
Strathcona intervened. Sangris' trial was nearing its
and Montreal wa
always been impressed with Valez; he recognized qualitil
his own in the Mexican beauty. The cardinal convent
with the Sabbat Regent and other cardinals. They agreelif
give Valezthe archdiocese of Montreal as longasStrathal
sume personal responsibility for her actions

in need of an archbishop. Strathconali

agreed to a:
The Lost Angels greeted the news with enthusiasm
Valez was apprehensive. Going from disgrace to leaders
of the oldest Sabbat enclave in North America would e
her coven the enmity of many. Yet, she also saw ita
chance to redeem herself in the eyes of the Sabbat.
The Lost Angels made a smooth transition ity
Montreal. Their accomplishments quickly won overant
ber of the city's Sabbat. The Shepherds were initially wat
of Valez, but the Angels made efforts to attend a number
and to consult with the Shepherds on imp
tant matters, Ezekiel's pack is the only group that opel
resents the archbishop and the Angels; the pack leat
have come close to open confrontation. I

Shepherd rit

2 Montreal by Night


ig three
y. They
der and
in Cali-
ulation
farolina
scal law

Sabbat

Sabbat.
achery,
thcona
thcona
arge of

among

recog-
nave to
‘leader
ne and

umber
tivities
ips she
> calla
gh her
tacked
len. In
serva-
lled to
p LAS

led to
irdinal
s end,
rahad
ties of
vened
eed to
hcona
ns.

n, but
trship
fearn
tasa

into
hum-
wary
der of
Apor-
denly
aders

Lair Although she is considered weak by vocal members of
the Sabbat, Valez isa shrewd and cunning manipulator and
often exaggerates her "weaknesses" to distract her detractors
from her true motives. Valezisa cold and efficient killer. She
has no qualms about punishing those who break the Code of
Milian, and she enjoys making examples of them. Her
favorite form of punishment is to have offenders drained of
blood and hung upside

The coven maintains a lair in Cardinal Strathcona'
oki quarters, which is connected to the central hall of the
communal haven. This subterranean mansion is reminis-
cent of an 18th-century home, with two indoor black-ros
gardens, a lavish meeting hall, and opulent rooms, all
adorned with paintings of events in Sabbat history and
portraits of Strathcona. Each pack member has a room that
isdecorated to her personal tastes.

Jown in the communal haven

Valez's biggest secret is her relationship with her mortal
granddaughter Josefina. Although Valez abandoned her
Rites and Practices mortal life when she was Embraced, she was never able to
cut all ties with her mortal daughter Maria. For the first few
decades of her unlife this didn't prove to be a problem.
However, when mortal, Valez was always conscious of her
beauty. As her years as a Lasombra wore on, the lack of a
reflection began to torment her. Her mirror-image eventu-
ally became an obsession, at least until her daughter had a
child. When Valez laid eyes on her mortal granddaughter,

The Toast of Midnight: The Lost Angels hold an open.
Vaulderie in Caine's Chapel every night at 12 o'clock. It is
emmon knowledge that any unofficial business with the

achbishop or pack can be discussed after the ceremony. Valez
ses this time to converse freely with those in her charge. The

tite begins with the Sermon of Caine. It is led by Tobias, who.
uses Obtenebration for added emphasis and effect. E =

she recognized her own beauty in the child. Gripped by
Archbishop Carolina Valez frenzy, she slew her daughter and Maria's father, took the

Background: Carolina Valesdistinguishedherselfdur- _ childaway and placed her inthe care ofa group of Grimaldi

4 S revenants, Usingherinfluence and power, she keptajealous
itgcovert operationsin the Anarch Free States of California, 8 F eptajealou

C i eye on Josefina, guiding ¢ r y the girl.
atleast until the very end of her tenure. Her political savvy,  °Y*® Jos guiding and protecting the girl

stimmethods and cautiousness made her Strathcone's ideal During Valer's tour in California, she arranged to have

Josefina follow her, keeping the mortal close by to remind
Carolina of her former beauty. When Valez became
archbishop of Montreal, she plotted subtly for Josefina

to come along again.

thoice to restore order and confidence in Montreal after
Sangris' trial. What the cardinal could not anticipate was
that the very skills that made Valez effective in L.A. would
work against her in the open political climate
of Montreal. Valez is extremely protective of her
Waleiwease withimor? ® ® granddaughter and hassaved her from
Miiodanarch vampires Ad the Sabbat several times, Un-
widely perceived as age
weakness in Montreal,

fortunately, Josefina's beauty is
‘fading with age, and Valez is be-
Bally because she dis- Sey ecginning to consider her
a ee expendable. The
archbishop has ar-
ranged for Josefina to

marry and have a

violence and public
splays of vampirism.

The cardinal didn't \ §
think that would , child, hoping that her

future great-grand-
daughter will perpetuate
Carolina's beauty and

be a problem in
Montreal, where a
scholarly tradition
teldsway, and extreme
showsof violence were rela- gi \ ae i Josefina sensesthatshe
thely rare, The Shepherds' AVES } has a "guardian angel," and
support of Valez is fleet- : ) she has become an amateur

‘e take Josefina's place.

ing, though. They

considerhernecessary asa tran-

sition, not a permanent

fixture, and have groomed@> ‘@ Sabbat's attention. Valez's obses-
fiifed Benezti to replace « sion has only led to several inexplicable
her Meanwhile, Ezekielhas " consistently pointed out orders given to Montreal vampires, which
Vale's "weaknesses" and "excessive humanity." only perpetuates Valez's image of weakness.


Today, Valez finds herself in a precarious position as she
tries‘to hold the city together. Montreal, the oldest Sabbat
bastion in North America, is threatened by both external and
internal forces. Valez knows that her destiny and reputation
are bound to the fate of the city. The only way tosave her own
position is to restore Montreal to what it once was, a nearly
impossible task given the Shepherds' plans and Ezekiel's
Valez hopes that with each small

vendetta. Nonetheless,
victory, the darkness around Montreal is pushed back.
Image: Valez is beautiful. Her skin retains its olive
color even in death, and her black hair contrasts with her
emerald eyes. Valez usually wears black leather pants, a
see-through blouse and a leather vest.

white almo:

: You are determined and calculat-

Roleplaying Hin
ing. You know when to push and when to back away — but
air leader, you

you never accept defeat. Although you are a
possess a cruelty that's only glimpsed when you choose to
release it, Your manner of speech, combined with yoursultry
looks, engenders a sense of intimacy, which makes others
easy to manipulate.

( Secrets: Thanks to the Widows and Marie-Héléne,
Valez is well informed of events in Montreal. Unbeknownst
to most, Valez has four Grimaldi revenant agents at work in.
the city. They grant her influence over mortal affairs.
Clan: Lasombra
Nature: Perfectionist
Demeanor: Architect
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1957
Apparent Age: Late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 3, Intrigue 2, Leadership 3, Public
Speaking 3, Streetwise 3, Style 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Finance 2, Investigation 2, Law 3, Linguistics 2,
Occult 2, Politics 4, Sabbat Lore 3
iplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 3, Celerity 1, Dominate 4,
Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 2, Obtenebration 4, Potence 2, Pres-
ence 5
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Influence 4, Mentor
(Cardinal Strathcona) 5, Resources 4, Retainers (Grimaldi
revenants) 4, Sabbat Status 4
Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3, Morale 5
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 6
Willpower: 8

Tobias Smith

Background: Tobia
the late 1880s and has been with the Sabbat ever since. A
former member of several influential and respected packs,
Smith fought bravely in the sect's civil war. He rose quickly

irvival 2

Smith was Embraced in Malta in

through the ranks and became a templar to Cardi

Desmoines during World War I. His career was long atl

distinguished, and he went on to advise and protect Carditi)
Desmoines in Mexico City. Smith himself might have bee
named cardinal if he hadn't been so distracted by the mort
Carolina Valez.

He watched her from afar for a month, and fell ink
with the Mexican's intensity. Giving in to his desire,
kidnapped Carolina and forced her through the Creat
Rites only to be fraught with guilt. He left the con
before she rose, leaving her to be discovered bya
Sabbat. From that day forward, Smith looked after Vall
and used his influence to pave her road to succ

Tobias was not planning to join Valez's pack; fi
couldn't stand the idea that she would be in L.A., far fe"
his watchful eye. The two have been together ever since,ti
Smith can't bring himself to confess his feelings (pan
because he sees his emotional attachment as a weaknes

Though they do not see eye to eye on many subjed
Smith and Valez respect and understand each other. Thi
combination as moderate and ultraconservative provid
the Lost Angels with its greatest strength.

square jaw a

Image: Tobias Smith is austere. His

narrow eem to be set in stone. His gray hair suggests,

and wisdom. Smith dresses in gray or black conservatif

sa cloak, even in summer. He wl

and alwa:
Obtenebration to make himself more imposing. ;

s we!

Roleplaying Hints: You only speak when you havell
often waiting until the most crucial moment to say som
thing and turn the conversation to your favor. Words)
power and should be used for maximum effect. Yours
and dour personality has caused many young Sabbat to lit
al elder, but your intensity and ferocity usuil

you a cynic
allay any such accus

tions.

mith knows

of Valez's granddaughter
does what he can to protect his love's secret. Josefinas!
her grandmother's beauty and, ironically, may tempt Tati
to Embrace her as well. Both the Shepherds and Exe
Ezekiel sees him as a father figure andh
sions to create a new cot

Secret:

respect Tobias.

asked him on numerous oc
with him. Smith has refused, not willing to part with Vil
but knows that ifher secret ever gets out, it will spell her
as well as his. Tobias will eventually have to choose be
the Sabbat and Valez.

Clan: Lasombra

Nature: Autist

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1889

Apparent Age: Mid-40s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

4 Montreal by Night

nitio
Stati
Virt
Path
Will

G
;

home
Start j
everr
himse
the ti
He fi
event
he me
not b
have |
k
becau
hunti
barely
A
Ghars
asmuc
andex
to joir
Smith
been p
Sabbat
G

has be
of his :

Cardinal
long and
t Cardinal
have been
he mortal

ell in love
desire, he
Creation.
cemetery
by other
fter Valez
.

pack, but
, far from
nce, but
(partly

subjects,
er. Their
provides

jaw and
38

ge
servative

He uses

thave to,
ay some-
Jords are
Dur stern.
tto label
y usually

hter and
1a shares
t Tobias
| Ezekiel

and has

W coven
th Valez,
[her end

between

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl
1, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 5, Intrigue 3,
lindership3, Sense Decep-
tion 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Debate 3, Etiquette 2, Fire-
ams 3, Meditation 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Clan Knowledge
(lasombra) 3, Investigation 4,
Kindred Lore 4, Linguistics 3,
Occult 3, Politics 4,
lore 5, Theology 2
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity
), Dominate 5, Obfuscate 2,
Obtenebration 5, Potence 2, @
Presence 4 @
Backgrounds: Allies (templars)
1, Contacts (Mexican Sabbat)
3, Mentor (Cardinal
Desmoines) 5, Pack Recog: ¢
tition3, Resources 3, Sabbat
Status 3

Virtues: Callousness4, Instincts 3, # Morale 4

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 7
Willpower: 9

Gharston Roland, the Wanderer

Background: Gharston lived and died in L.A. He left
home when he was 15 and made his way to Los Angeles to
starta better life
werrealize. Gharston tried everything, but ultimately found

a dream so many have, but precious few

himself out of a job and worse off than when he started. By
thetime he was 20, his hope had been replaced by nihilism,
He found his only outlets in violence and crime, and
eentually made a living asa hitman. Aftera deal went bad,
hemet his end in a back alley off Sunset Boulevard. Had it
notheen for his future sire's close proximity, Roland would
have become another statistic.

Keller,amember of the Lost Angels, Embraced Gharston
hecause he needed help escaping an anarch gang that was
hunting him. Keller was caught and destroyed; Gharston

hurely escaped by using his newly discovered powers.
s of Keller,
Gharston spent the following nights stalking the gang to learn

After the Lost Angels found the ashen remaii

tsmuch as he could about it. He eventually approached Valez
allowed him
tojoin the Lost Angels and to undergo the Creation Rites.

andexplained what had happened to hissire. Shi

Smith objected to being included in the coven, as he had not
been properly Embraced, but given L.A.'s turmoil during the
Sabbat-anarch confrontation, he complied.

Gharston has been a faithful member of the Sabbat and
hashecome the enforcer of the Lost Angels. He spends most
ofhis nights wandering around Montreal, keeping his ears

openand noting what transpirt
To th

covens and packs, Gharston al-

annoyance of the other

ways seems to turn up at the
most inopportune moments.
Image: Gharston's face is
= __ rugged; he has closely
cropped dirty-blond
hair and a goatee. He
wears wire-rimmed
glasses (a relic from his

mortal life), jeansand
a leather trench coat

inwhichhecarriestwo
ormnmeépigvols lodded
with silver bullets. He
has a tattoo of a spiral
dragon on his left cheek.

Roleplaying Hints: You
are nota typical enforcer, buta

quiet, almost scholarly person who turns
to violence as a last resort. The Sabbat has provided you
with the rewarding life that you always dreamed of, and you
are willing to face Final Death to express your gratitude.

Secrets: Gharston has little to go on, but suspects that

there is more to Pierre Bellemare than meets the eye.
Clan: Ravnos antitribu

Natur
Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1983

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Yonformist

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimi-
dation 2, Scan 3, Search 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Actobatics 3, Animal Ken 3, Blind Fighting 2, Drive 3,
Firearms 3, Melee 3, Music 3, Security 2, Sleight of Hand 3,
Stealth 4, Tracking 4

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Montreal) 2, Investigation 4,
Occult 2, Politics 2

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Celerity 2, Chimerstry 5, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 1, Potence 3

Backgrounds: Retainers (ghoul-hounds) 2, Sabbat Status 2
Virtues: Callousness 3, Instinct 2, Morale 3

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 6
Willpower: 6

Marie-Helene Dutoit

Background: Marie-Héléne was born toa middle-class
French family in Montreal in the early ‘50s. She was one of
the many who dreamed of the day when Quebec would


reclaim its rightful heritage and become a sovereign nation.
During high school, Marie-Héléne was a vocal supporter of
separation, and she founded a youth group in the mid-60s
to educate and motivate young Francophones to push for an
independent Quebec.

Marie-Héléne eventually fell in with militant members
of the s
turned into resentment for Montreal's Anglophone minor-
ity. In early 1970 she joined the F.L.Q. (Front de Libération
du Québec) and participated in what later hecame known as
the October Crisis. The F.L.Q. was responsible for an
outbreak of terrorism during which the Canadian Armed
Forces was called in to impose martial law on Montreal.
Unbeknownst to all except the Sabbat and Camarilla, the
crisis was used as a cover for a war between the sects.

paratist movement, and her youthful enthusiasm

During the vicious night fighting, Marie-Héléne wa
Embraced by Louis de Maisonneuve, an influential Sabbat

and stoutsupporterof Quebec independence. Mar

Téléne
fought bravely, and though the war was short, it took its toll
on Louis's nomadic pack, the Fleur-d

ys. Marie-Héléne
emerged as the sole survivor of her new allies

Though the Sabbat won the war, Marie-Héléne grew
increasingly disappointed when she discovered that the sect,
not interested in mortal affairs, had no plans to make Quebec
an independent country. Marie-l

éne tried to establish a

number of Francophone packs and covens to oppose Sangri
rule, but mounting pressure from the Serpent prevented her
from findinga power base. She grew even more bitter after the
failed independence referendum of 1980

Marie-Héléne finally saw her chance when Carolina
Valez and the Lost Angels took over Montreal. An arch-
bishop with no knowledge of the delicate tensions
between the Frencl

and English was the perfect
tool. She offered her services to Valez, and within

a month she was a member of
the Lost Angel

Carefulnot
to move too
fast, Marie-
Héléne has
been subtly

manipulating
and misinform-
shop.
She hopes to divide

ing the archb

the Sabbatlongenough
to gain favor for an ¢o
independent Que-@ @#

bec both within and
outside of the Sabbat. Mari
Héléne
influential politicians and
sovereignists

s also grooming

for the Embrace,

toaid her in the fulfillment @

Montreal by Night

of her dream. As a back-up plan, Marie-Héléne has secretly
opened negotiations with Prince Annabelle of Quebe
City. She hopes that chances for an independent Quebec
might lie with the Camarilla. What Marie-Héléne doesnt
understand is that the fate of Montreal is not bound to
language or national identity, but to the infernal forcesat
work in the city

Image: Marie-Héléne was never beautiful, and asi
Cainite she
clothing. She never cared for such frivolous things as ap
pearance, though. She's con

still rather plain despite her fine taste i

erned with more important
things, and that attitude gives her an inner beauty. i

Roleplaying Hints: You are a dreamer and rebel. You
have a burning hatred of Anglophones and refuse to speak
anything but French, even though you are fluent in English,
As far as you're concerned, all issues are based on languag:
and heritage; both are intrinsic to identity.

Secrets: Marie-Héléne's dreams for an independent
Quebec command her attention, leaving little interest i
Montreal's Sabbat power structure. Lately, she has con)

tacted Sabbat of Francophone origi
expelling those that pose a threat to separation. Piene
Bellemare has toyed with the idea of turning her to his path,
Clan: Ventrue antitribu
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 11th
Embrace: 1970 }
Apparent Age: Late teens
Physi Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Ch:

with the intent 4
|
}

|
ma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance? |
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits?|
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Carows
ing 2, Diplomacy 2, Empathy 3
Intimidation 2, Leadership}
Subterfuge 3 |
Skills: Demolition 3, Drive),
Fire/aras?, Melee
pair 1, Security MW
Stealth2 |
* knowledaa
Area Knowledge |
(Montreal) 4,
Computer 2, Finance
2, History (Quebec)5,
Linguistics 1, Occult? |
Politics 3
*— Disciplines:
e
Dominate 3, Forti
"tude 3, Presenced |
@ Backgrounds: Contact:
*(Quebec Tremere) |
Herd (Francophone stu
dents) 1, Sabbat Status? |

Pat
Wil

Mor

Tor

mos!
both
tion

apol
corr
killir
men,
belie
Mon

fire w

later
Mon'

Hear
bedr.
refor
—n
Wid
noto
Anu
servi
The

divul
wher
missi
that

were
Final
third

ows ¢

ssecretly
Quebec
Quebee
: doesn't
ound to
forces at

ind as a
taste in
iS as ap-
portant

del. You
‘0 speak
snglish.
inguage

endent
rest for
as COn-
tent of

Pierre
path.

ance 2
Wits 2
Jarous-
thy 3,
ship 2,

rive 2,
2,Re-
rity 1,
2

sdges:
vledge
I) 4,
nance
ec) 5,
cult 2,

hes:
Forti-
nce 4
ytacts
B) «25
© stu-
atus 2

Virtues: Callousness 2, Instincts 3, Morale 3
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 3
Willpower: 6

The Widows

Remember you fallen into my arms

Crying for the death of your heart

You were stone white so delicate lost in the cold,

You were always so lost in the dark

—The Cure, "Pictures of You"

The Widows is one of the oldest Sabbat covens in
Montreal. It was founded in the early 1800s by an enigmatic
Toreador antitribu known as "Lylia." She operated one of the
most successful and prestigious brothels in the city, catering to

both mortal and vampiric desires. After the "official" declara-
tion of Montreal as a Sabbat enclave, the Widows remained
apolitical, more interested in their pursuits of pleasure and
comuption. In 1907, a fire swept throughout the Widows' lair,
killing a number of covenmembers and influential business-
men. No one ever claimed responsibility for the act, but it is
believed thata religious zealot set the blaze in ar
Montreal of the Devil's handiwork. The sole survivor of the

tempt torid

fire was Lylia's only childe, Véronique La Cruelle (who would
later become Archbishop of Montreal). For the next 50 years,
Montreal prospered, but Véronique made no attempt to
reestablish the Widows. The pack was eventually forgotten.

However, all this changed in the late 1950s, when The
Rose stumbled across the burned-out lair of the Widows and
made it her haven. Her heightened senses allowed her to
glimpse into the past, and she admired what Lylia had done.
She rebuilt the lair using the flesh and bodies of victims
whom she lured in with promises of sexual favors. In the
1970s, with the arrival of Monique Kim (a.k.
Jade"), the Widows were reborn.

"Creamy

By the late ‘70s, the pack's lair, now known as "The
Heart," attracted those whose desires were too dark for the
bedrooms of Montreal's elite, It was during this time that the
teformed Widows — who called each other the "Dark Sisters"
— made advancements along the Path of Cathari. The
Widows offered their services as mistres
notonly to Montreal's leaders, but also to their fellow Sabbat.
A number of locals and visiting Sabbat solicited the Widows?
services, including certain Shepherds on their dark cycles.
The Widows always granted their clients privacy, never
divulging identities or secrets (it's incredible what one mutte:
when taken to new heights of ecstasy or pain).

and dominatric

As the Widows' reputation spread, so did rumors of
missing clients. The Widows, however, always maintained
that some customers, after realizing their deepest desires,
were too disturbed by what they experienced and chose
Final Death in favor of confronting their sins.

In the 1980s, Sangris named The Rose as Montreal's
third bishop. Knowing that the title would mean the Wid-
ows could no longer brush off accusations and would have to

accept responsibility for their actions, Sangris hoped to
loosen their subtle hold on the city. The Widows were
initially careful to use the title ceremonially — not for
political leverage — and steered clear of the halls of power.
However, since Sangris' death and the appointment of
Carolina Valez, the Widows have been tempted to use their
influence and once more weave their web across Montreal.

Lair

The Widows maintain their lair in the macabre inner
sanctum of The Heart. They greet all Cainite visitors here.
All covenmates are expected to "behave" themselves in the
The Rose's private lair is a dimly lit
chamber. In the center is a bed/examination table that's
covered in dark velvet, complete with leather straps and
iron manacles. To the rear of the lair is a small mirrored
and numerous jars of

presence of guest:

vanity containing torture devic
embalming liquids. Creamy Jade's
rated, containing her current works of art. Black Lotus'
chamber contains a large four-poster bed and an extensive

studio is sparsely deco-

library of journals that detail her exploits.

Rites and Practices

The Widows, being the Cathari leaders in Montreal,
observe the traditional rites of their Path.

The Rose, Mistress of Montreal

Background: Alison Benson, a victim of sexual abuse as

a young child, suffered from a psychosomatic condition that
rendered her unable to sense touch, taste or smell, She expe-
rienced life as a distant, hollow dream without sensations or
feelings. The few emotions that she did feel were cold and
callous, alienating her from those who cared for her. During
she subjected herself to brutal self-mutilation and
depraved acts. She experimented with drugs and S&M, but
nothing allowed her to experience sensations. Eventually, she

developed a passion for torture, extracting pleasure from
others' misery and pain. Alison was finally apprehended by the
police and sentenced for the murder of five lovers.

Alison's killing spree attracted the attention of her
would-be sire, who Embraced her the night before her
sentencing. That night, she awoke in darkness, but could
feel the rough wood that encased her, and sensed the humid
air as it formed beads of water on her body. These new
experiences sent her intoa frenzy. Indeed, she reveled in the
pain that shot through her hands as she clawed her way to
the surface.

When she emerged from her grave, Alison threw her-
selfat her sire, wanting to feel his flesh. Before he knew what
was happening, Alison was ripping through him, consum-
ing him and all his emotions, memories and feelings. Her
raw passion enthralled him and he met Final Death. Alison
disappeared that night, before her sire's nomadic pack could

find her. Over the next few nights, she stalked and destroyed
her sire's pack in a torrent of passion and rage.

Chapter Five: Covens 71


IN Ss
Oa

The Rose
has grown since that night.
She was indoctrinated into the Sabbat but was an outsider

@

until the creation of the Widows. She now believes that
only by understanding the evils of the flesh — and how to
manipulate it to its fullest — can beauty be understood.

s Vicissitude on herself to look

inhumanly beautiful and constantly changes her appear-

Image: The Rose us

ance in subtle ways. She never looks quite the same twice.
The Rose always dresses in fetish gear that's sculpted from
human leather and in ivory chains made from human bone.

Roleplaying Hints: You are neither a man nor woman
but both, and you use your androgyny to keep others off
balance. Your voice is haunting and fluctuates from male to
female. [tis known to keep Toreador antitribu transfixed and
passive as they explore their pleasures with you. To you, only
passion, desire, experience and degradation are important.

Secrets: The Rose and the other Widows know a fair
bit of what goes on in Montreal. They learn the most from
the Shepherds who visit them.

Clan: Tzimisce

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1957

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Dreaming 3, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 4, Seduction 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Body Alteration 5, Etiquette 3, Intrigue 3, Stealth 3,
Style 5, Torture (pleasure/pain) 5

Knowledges: City Secrets 3, Finance 2, Linguistics 2, Oc-
cult 3, Sabbat Lore 2

\

© Willpower: 8

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 4, Presencel}
Vicissitude 5

Backgrounds: Contacts (other Cathari) 4, Herd 2, Infly
ence 2, Sabbat Status (bishop) 3 i
Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 4, Morale 2

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Cathari 10

Creamy Jade

Monique Kim was born and raised in Montreal, buth¢
past is deeply rooted in her Chinese heritage. Her family}
lived in the core of Chinatown, where her father owned#
small art gallery. It was here that Monique developed het
ed her}

father and mother's brutal murder during a robbery. Hay)

love of art and sculpting, and here that she witne

ing no relatives in Montreal, Monique was shipped toa)
number of foster homes where her treatment ranged from)
neglectful to abusive. Monique grew up wary of human
emotion and contact; the only thing she enjoyed was at,
and she eventually entered art school. When she graduated,
she was on her way to becoming a renowned sculptor, |

Monique loved to work with jade, marble and sina
but none of those materials had the unique quality thatshe.
was looking for. Until she found that quality, she could na}
ly frustrated, she tural
to drugs and alcohol and soon lost everything she had built
Monique w

truly express her feelings. Artistic

estitute when she was Embraced; her past wa
ahazy memory. Kim initially toiled as a Sabbat silversmith |
creating weapons and other silver objects. [twasn't until sh,
me The Rose and was taught Vicissitude that she finally
discovered the medium she was looking for — human flesh

Fascinated by children, Monique — who took the!
name "Creamy Jade" — has desperately tried to preserve!
their flesh, free from the taint of evil, but she has consiv|
tently failed. Whereas The Rose sees the possibility fie)
beauty and divinity in passion and experience, Creamy Jake!

sees salvation in innocence. She believes that every child!

a divine spirit that slowly dies as the darkness of the worl
seeps into the flesh. The only hope for children is to preserie}
their beauty. She has tried to Embrace a number of children,|
but it has done nothing to halt the corruption process. He}
childer become small demons instead of angels. Creamy!
Jade knows that the preservation of innocence will be her

masterpiec

Image: Creamy Jade resembles a delicate marblestatue
Je's Chines

Herextremely pale skin iscold yet soft assilk. J
features, narrow green eyes, luscious lips and short jet-black
hair, combined with her use of Vicissitude, give hers!
delicate, childlike beauty. Creamy Jade nearly always weas,
finely tailored silk robi

and dresses with silver and jak
jewelry.

Roleplaying Hints:
ductive. You hide your face behind a fan, using your eyest

Like all the Widows, you are se

attract potential lovers. You hardly ever speak, usuall

Montreal by Night

art

ext

Bark
renc
scho
eled
and
his ¢
spen
ing :
herf
dren
fathe
she s

"out

fathe

and.

her r


,
esence 5, letting your two attendants speak in unison for you. An
artist of the first order, you have little patience for anything
2, Influ- except creation and passion.

Secrets: Creamy Jade knows a great deal about what
goes on in Montreal, and she has assisted Zarnovich in his
experiments.

} Clan: Toreador antitribu
} Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Deviant
I buther Generation: 10th

er family
owned a
sped her
sed her
ty. Hav-
ped to a

xed from
F human
was art,
aduated,
stor.

d silver,
that she
ould not
e turned
ad built.
past was
ersmith,
until she
e finally
an flesh.
ook the
preserve
i consis:
iility for
my Jade
tchild is
le world

breserve
hildren,
bss. Her
Creamy
(be her

}statue.

Thinese
t-black
ther a
's wears
id jade

Embrace: 1972
Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: C
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empa-
thy 3, Intimidation 2, Sculpting 4, Seduction 5, Style 4,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Blacksmith (Silver) 5, Body Alteration 3, Drive 1,
Etiquette 2, Jeweler 4, Melee 3, Repair 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Languages 2, Medicine 2, Metallurgy 3, Oc-
cult 3

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 3, Presence 4, Thaumaturgy 3,
Vicissitude 3

Thaumaturgical Paths: Conjuring 3

Backgrounds: Contacts (Cathari) 2, Resources 3,
Retainers (two Embraced children) 2
Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 2,
Morale 3
Path of Enlight- *
enment: Path of
Cathari 9
Willpower: 7

Black
Lotus :

Background: Nina
Barker was the daughter ofa
renowned biblical ¢
scholar. Her father trav-@ @&
ded the world teaching
and researching, often neglecting @
his daughter in the process. Nina
spent her childhood years in board-
ing school and her summers with
her father, away from other chil:
dren, When she turned 18, her
father sent her to Europe, where

shestayed in the best hotels and @

‘out of her father's hair." Nina tried desperately to attract her

arisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

father's attention with suicide attempts, middle-aged lovers

Gg @

Serpent wasso impressed by her degradation thathe Embraced
her, performing her Creation Rite in the basement of an old
house that was used as a morgue during World War II.
Nina went on to become one of the cruelest, most
militant Sabbat in Amsterdam. Her first action asa vampire

was to track down her father and present herself as the

monster she had become. Her father tried to use his faith to
drive her back, but she Dominated him into forgetting his
precious religion. Over the following nights, Nina carefully

stripped every shred of information from her father's memory.

She left him an empty and hollow man.
In the early ‘80s, Nina traveled to Montreal to meet the
No stranger to games of passion, she solicited the

favors, Nina presented her father as a tribute to them.
Nina has been amember eversince, using the name "Black Lotus."
Though not a Cathar, she has incorporated a number of Cathari
beliefs into her own pursuit of Power and the Inner Voice.
Nina is a destroyer of ideas. She takes pleasure in
stripping people — especially educated men — of their

memories and everything they have learned. This has put
her at odds with the Librarians, who want nothing short of

her de:

ruction.

Image: Nina has retained her youthful and
innocent appearance. She looks much
younger than she really is. Her
delicate frame isdeceiving, hid-
ing the cruel monster that
lurks within.
Roleplaying Hints:
You are best

described
@as  cun-
ning. Your

alleineae those
ofa predator; they
search coldly for your
next victim. You
@ take great plea-
. sure inseducing
older gentle-

¢ men and women.

Secrets: Nina
knows a substantial

OR stoune about the

Shepherds, espe-

* cially fom Raphael, who

visits her on a regular basis. Un-
 beknownst to all of her customers,

i: @.7 has a habit of stealing their pasts, one

are se- and drugs, but nothing turned his eyes from his books. memicnyace tintes
eyes to One night in Amsterdam, a Serpent of the Light found Clan: Serpents of the Light
usually hernearly dead after having been raped in a dark alley. The Nature: Deviant

Chapter Five: Covens 79


Demeanor: Perfectionist
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1983
Apparent Age: Late teens

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Body Alteration 3, Carous-
ing 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Intimidation 2, Seduction 4,
Streetwise 2, Style 2

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Meditation 3, Melee 3,
Stealth 1, Survival 2

Knowledges: Biology 3, Kindred Lore 3, Psychology 5,
Sabbat Lore 3, Science 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dementation 4, Dominate 5, Obfus-
cate 1, Presence'2, Serpentis 2

Backgrounds: Resources 3

Virtues: Callousness 2, Instinct 3, Morale 2

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 6
Willpower: 8

The Navigators

For secrets are edged tools,

And must be kept from children and from fools.

— John Dryden, "Sir Martin Mar-All"

The
Lawrence Seaway ina floating lair-ship and are well known
fortheirskillat raiding
formed in Portugal in the 1620s and moved to the New
World in the 1720s. Its member
Brazilian coas'

Navigators travel the Great Lakes and Saint

"amarilla strongholds. The pack was

served as pirates on the
the Americas, finally
making Montreal their winter home when a Portuguese
community settled there after World War II.

and traveled ac

The Navigators were led by Santiago DeSoto, a powerful
Sabbat warrior. The pack moved to Montreal to gain support
of the Shepherds of Caine. DeSoto became a "friend" of the
Shepherds

and they encouraged him to join the Inquisition.

The Navigators were thereafter left in the care of DeSoto's @ *

childe, Miguel Santo Domingo. The trial of Archbishop
Sangris brought DeSoto back to Montreal, but it cost him his
soul. The Serpent stole DeSoto's form and now wakes as
"DeSoto" each night. For his part, Miguel seeks unity in
the sect and suspects his

e" of some dark secret. The

Navigators oppose conspiracies in the Sabbat, including

those of the Inquisition. They currently support Arch-

bishop Valez, mostly out of distrust of the Black Hand
epherds.

cargo vessel called the Lisbon. The ship is thought to be
derelict, but the pack quarters are well maintained. The
Lisbon is crewed by two horribly deformed ghouls, and it
drops anchor during the daylight.

Rites and Practices

Burial at Sea: The pack practices a unique variation:
the Creation Rites called "Burial at Sea." It entails binding
candidates with heavy chains and dropping them into th
water instead of burying them in fresh graves. The initial
must break free and return to the surface if they intend iy"
survive and join the pack. The Navigators still hold grudg
against Elias the Whale from the early 1970s, when woull
be members were dropped off the Jacques Cartier Bridget

Montreal and consumed by the Wretched.

Miguel Santo Domingo, Pack Priest

Background: DeSoto Embraced Miguel — theng
small-time bandit in 1920s Brazil — because he recognitel

a buccaneer who sought freedom from the laws of man, Ag
a vampire, Santo Domingo reveled in the Sabbat's philos
phi

and joined the Path of Honorable Accord. He soon
sensed that his sire was only interested in his own poel
though. DeSoto brought the pack to Montreal in 1957, ang
he prepared his childe to follow in his footsteps. Migu

became pack priest in 1969 when DeSoto joined the Inqul

sition. He has reformed the Navigators in his image,
dedicating the pack to uncovering hidden agendas among
the Sabbat. DeSoto's secluded retirement only confirms
Miguel's suspicions that his sire has dubious motives.

Image: A strapping 6'4" tall, Miguel isa dynamic figur:

His cropped black hair topsa wide face. He has a quick smi

and predatory eyes. He almost always dresses casually.
Roleplaying Hints: Be direct and straightforward. You

are devious when necessary, but open among your pack and

friends. You ride the wave of your frenzy with pleasure when

slaying the enemies of the Sabbat.


Clan: Brujah antitribu
Nature: Gallant

tion on
Demeanor: Director

binding . ,
io a Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1924

nitiates

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appear-
ance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4 -
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 2,
st Leadership 3, Sense Deception 3, Streetwise 3, Subter-

tend to
grudge
would-
ridge in

fuge 3
ue ie Skills: Animal Ken 2, Blind Fighting 2, BoatHandling @ gp»
ox 5, Disguise 1, Drive 3, Fire Walking 3, Firearms 4,
oi ce Melee 3, Repair 3, Security 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence

de soon Seaway) 4, Black Hand Knowledge 2, Camarilla Lore 2,

power, ‘
eines Investigation 3, Linguistics 2, Politics 3, Sabbat Lore 4

5 Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude 2, Potence 4, Presence 3
Miguel

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Pack Recognition 4,

> Inqui-
1 Resources 2

image, : :
es Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 4, Morale 5
among ;
3 Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 8
onfirms

Willpower: 7

figure. Celeste

; ile Background: The Shepherd Frére Marc Embraced
yi; wildlife expert Céléste Lamontagne because of her almost
rd. You religious appreciation of nature. Marc tried to introduce her
ack and

to the Path of Nocturnal Redemption, but her natural
when inclinations drew her to the Path of Harmony. This differ-
ence created an awkward rift between sire and childe.
Céléste joined the Navigators in 1983 after befriending
Miguel, whose philosophies jibed with hers; they both

disliked vampiric power games. A dedicated Harmonist, she

feels that Cainites should accept their natural place as

te has become
tremely loyal to the Navigators and accompanied them on

predators rather than kingmakers. C

he is particularly fond of wreck-
ing Camarilla plans; she considers the sect and its

many dangerous missior

_ Antediluvian masters to be the worst of all powermongers.

Céléste spends much of her time traveling the forests of
Québec, Ontario and New York State. She has made allies
| among the Country Gangrel of the area and has clashed
with many Camarilla Gangrel. She has also met several
Lupines and has even been accepted by a few. During her
last excursion into Garou territory, she shared a night of
passion with her shapeshifter guide Jeremy Swiftrunner.
When ‘e emerged from the soil the next night, Jeremy
was gone, and the scent of shame hung in the air.

Céleste feels trapped in the city and looks for ways to

yent her frustrations. A glorious fighter, she has locked

homs with several critics of the "soft Harmonists," includ-

-@
il % @.
ingSpiderofthe Wretched — * 6... Cairo of Les

Orphelins, Célaste also gained some following as the leader
of an informal alternative band known as "Wyldchylde."

Image: Célaste has a feral beauty. She is tall, muscular
and constantly ready to burst into action. She bears the
marks of multiple frenzies (including pointed ears and eyes
that reflect light).

Roleplaying Hints: You are free and comfortable with
your existence. Some think you're weak, and you're more
than happy to prove them wrong.

Secrets: Céleste isa friend ofa few local Lupines, who have
told her that they avoid Montreal because it's c
Clan: Country Gangrel antitribu
Nature: Visionary

sed ground.

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1979

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empa-
thy 4, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Blind Fighting 3, Boat Handling 3,
Herbalism 3, Meditation 4, Melee 2, Music 4, Security 3,
Singing 3, Stealth 4, Survival 5, Tracking 4

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (local forests) 4, Linguistics 2,
Lupine Lore 4, Medicine 3, Spirit Lore 1

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Celerity 2, Fortitude 3, Potence 2
Protean 5

Chapter Five: Covens


Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contact 3, Sabbat Status 1
Virtues: Callousness 2, Instincts 5, Morale 4

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Harmony 8

Willpower: 6

Notes: On two occasions, Céléste has assumed the Lupine
"wolf-man" form while lost in battle fury.

Erinyi

Background: University student Margaret Moy fled to
Detroit to escape her abusive father when a Sabbat Gar-
goyle, looking for fodder for a war party, grabbed her off the
streets. He abandoned her when she emerged from the
ground in an uncontrollable rage. She made her way back to
Montreal and Ezekiel discovered her. He guided her through
the Creation Rites, welcomed her into 25:17, and named
her "Erinyi" — a variation of "Fury."

Erinyi's days in 25:17 were bittersweet. She loved
Ezekiel, whom she considered her savior, and felt camarade-
tie for the others. But her rage tore her apart. She joined the
Path of Cathari in search of relief, but became lost in the
abandon of the Albigensians. Finally, her longing for Ezekiel
became an obsession, and she attacked Soldat after he drew
attention to her feelings.

Ezekiel asked Reza Fatir to guide Erinyi on the struc-
tured Path of Honorable Accord. Reza accepted, aware of
the sacrifice that Ezekiel made by initiating a change in
Erinyi that his own Path deemed a weaknes

some control over her life as a result.

Erinyi gained

She met Céléste after seeing the vampire perform at
Angel's Fall. Finding that her hostility was soothed by
music, Erinyi joined Wyldchylde. Reza and Ezekiel realized
that the Gargoyle was among her new friends. When she
approached her patrons with the prospect of traveling with
the Navigators in 1996, they complied. Miguel Santo
Domingo remains uncomfortable with Erinyi's ties to Ezekiel,
but respects Céleste's refusal to condemn the Gargoyle for
her loyalty.

Image: Erinyi makes no attempt to hide her Gargoyle
nature. Standing on her toes like a canine, she is over seven
feet tall, which includes her eight-inch-long horns. Her gray
wings stretch and sway as she walks.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quick to anger. It's all that
you can do to suppress the urge to rip Malkavians and other
annoying pests apart. You find release in battle and music,
but those pleasures pale in comparison to the love that lies
in your dead heart.

Secrets: Erinyi knows that Ezekiel is not a pawn in a
grand conspiracy, but is an astute, strong and conscientious
leader who can bring strength and freedom to Montreal.
Clan: Gargoyle
Nature: Martyr
Demeanor: Bravo
Generation: 11th
Embrace: 1994

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 2, Poetic Expression 3, Streetwise 3

Skills: Blind Fighting 2, Boat Handling 1, Fire Walking 3,
Firearms 2, Melee 3, Music 4, Singing 4, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Art History 2, Linguistics 2, Literature 3
Disciplines: Fortitude 2, Potence 2, Visceratika 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Mentor (Ezekiel) 3

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 4, Morale 2 q 4
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 5 f
Willpower: 4
Merits/Flaws: Short Fuse

Sangris the Serpent (in the guise of =
Santiago DeSoto)

Background: DeSoto's retirement from the Inquisi-
d many and lent credibility to
Miguel's suspicions that his sire was more than he appeared,
Little does Miguel know how right he is, for the person he
now calls "DeSoto" is the resting place for the soul of
Sangris, former archbishop of Montreal and convicted
infernalist.

tion into seclusion surpris

When he was Embraced in Haiti, Sangris was a member vi
of the Cult of Legba, which rejected the worship of Set. In hi
the years before they joined the Sabbat, "Serpents of the ec
Light" like him were desperate for aid against the Setites. in
Sangris found help in the Decani Bothothel. The demon 80
plague-lord had ridden the wave of smallpox that extermi eX
nated the natives of Hispafiola, and held dominion overa |
temple in the hinterland of the island. In the temple, he
Sangris met a priestess of disease named "Cedilia of the de
Tongue," who taught him the ways of the Decani. Sangris pc
made a deal with the fiend Bothothel. He would spreada we
new form of corruption in exchange for power. He proposed In
to turn souls to Bothothel through the "plague" of ambition, De
an infection that no other Decani claimed as its own. th
Sangris knew full well that the last soul he would serve up
would be his own, unless he found a way to escape the pact. th
He found a way in Montreal. sp

If Sangris' soul came due in Montreal, the prison of Y
Metathiax, the demon would contest Bothothel's claim, ag
When word came from Montreal of the Sabbat's losing ha
struggle against the Setite Jérar, Sangris — now a sect in
member —flew north. Still a servant of ambition, he roseto Ex
power as archbishop of Montreal. He also corrupted several Pic
vampires and Embraced a childe named Ezekiel whose | Sai
ambition he hoped to fan to world-shattering proportions. do

All the while he prepared his escape from infernal bondage,

When Inquisitor DeSoto uncovered his infernalism, Sangris
wove a complex Thaumaturgical rite into his very flesh. As is
destruction approached, Bothothel and Metathiax both sali: 7

Montreal by Night


ited in anticipation of consuming | @

hissoul. When DeSoto prepared to ex-
7 ccute Sangris with fire, the Serpent's rite was activated and the
j inquisitor's soul streamed out with the flames. In turn, Sangris'

il slipped into DeSoto's body, and Sangris watched as his
executioner was consumed and sent to the Decani.

DeSoto's memories still echo in Sangris' new form. He

hears the whispers of DeSoto's ambition and conviction as a
| dedicated inquisitor. Sangris suppresses thoughts of seizing
power, though, knowing that any bid for more infernal might
would damn him. "DeSoto" has therefore retired from the
quisition and lives in seclusion ina Westmount mansion: As
DeSoto, He only occasionally partakes in the Vaulderie with
the Navigators.

As the years pass, temptation grows
thecity will be consumed unless it find
spends many nights sitting in his lair, staring at a black tome of
Dark Thaumaturgy, trying to fight the urge to open it and rule
again. The city's growing chaos and the return of his childe

Sangris senses that

strong leadership. He

haveonly made matters worse. Sangris planted the seeds of evil

th Ezekiel at an early age, but now tries to protect his childe.

Riekiel rejects all attention from his sire's executioner, and
Pierre Bellemare has happily made Ezekiel an ally. The best
Sangris can do is to keep Cairo away from Ezekiel, but he
doesn't know that by doing so he does more harm than good.

Image: DeSoto has long salt-and-pepper hair and a

chiseled face. His dark-brown eyes complementhistan face,
and a goatee hides his full lips. Sangris dresses his body in
finely tailored black clothes that hide the scars left by
DeSoto's form suffers from leprosy.

the duped Decani

Roleplaying Hints: Put up a front of control and
ts calm. Beneath the surface you long to

return to power to save the city and
@ take your rightful place. It would be so

eas

@ Secrets: Sangris knows of Pierre
Bellemare's infernalism and of the corrup-
tion of Bellemare's pack. Sangris also knows
most of the other secrets in the city, but
making use of them would be giving in to tempta-
= tion.
© Clan: Serpents of the Light
+ Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Loner
* Generation: 8th
Embr: 1949
Apparent Age: Mid-40s
OA Physi al: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
~ Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Dreaming
3, Empathy 2, Interrogation 4, Intimidation 5, Intrigue 5,
Leadership 5, Sense Deception 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5
Skill nimal Ken 2, Dancing 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3,
lism 3, Meditation 4, Melee 4, Music 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 4, Torture 4
Knowledges: Alchemy 2, Area Knowledge (Haiti) 4, Clan
Knowledge (Serpents of the Light) 4, Demon Lore 5,
Investigation 3, Kindred Lore 3, Law 2, Linguis 4,
Medicine 3, Occult 5, Politics 5, Sabbat Lore 4, Science 3,
tite Lore 3, Spirit Lore 5, Wyrm Lore 3
Auspex 5, Dark Thaumaturgy 5%, Dominate 5,
Fortitude 2, Necromancy 5*, Obfuscate 2, Presence 5,
Serpentis 5, Thaumaturgy 5
‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Conjuring 3, Corruption 5, Elemen-
tal Mastery 3, Gift of Morpheus 3, Hands of Destruction 3*,
Pestilence 3*, Phobos 5*, Secret Knowledge 5*, Spirit
Thaumaturgy 5
Backgrounds: Resources 4, Sabbat Status (former inquisi-
tor) 4
Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 4, Morale 2
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 5
Willpower: 9
* The Disciplines and Paths marked with asterisks would
only be available again if Sangris were to fall back to Evil
Revelations. The temptation to resort to infernalism gains
strength whenever Sangris manipulates or influences some-
one.

Chapter Five: Covens


Alfred Benezri
and His
Supporters

The Shepherds of Caine are concerned about the
future of "their city" under either Archbishop Valez or
Ezekiel. Their candidate, retired inquisitor Alfred Benezri,
has therefore stepped forward and begun gathering support-
ers. The backing of the Librarians gives Alfred the support
of scholars and philosophers, but he also has the backing of
the Queens of Mercy.

The Shepherds of Caine

The world is charged with the grandeur of God.
It will flame out, like shining from shook foil;
It gathers to a greatness, like the ooze of oil
Crushed. Why do men then now not reck his rod?
— Gerard Manley Hopkins, "God's Grandeur"
Largely responsible for the shape of Montreal's vampiric
community, the Shepherds of Caine were created in 1691
by a group of Jesuit missionaries who were Embraced by
Louis Levasseur and Marianne Jibrac. The two French
Toreador antitribu (who lived in Ville-Marie) wanted to see
how missionary fervor would survive the Creation Rite.
Three fathers emerged from their graves, but not until a
month had passed. Taking the names Ignace, Frére Michel
and Frére Antoine, they claimed to have gained the will to
sion of Caine.

emerge from the frozen soil after sharing a vi
They said that the Third Mortal had been exiled so he could
of his deeds and find the light of
salvation in himself, a lesson lost on most of his children.
From this vision the Path of Nocturnal Redemption was
born. The fathers also claimed to have sensed a demonic
presence on the island. Guarding against this pestilence was
one of the top priorities of the new coven they formed.

experience the darknes

The Shepherds became the moral heart of Ville-Marie
and Montreal's Sabbat community, and they sent out mission-
aries tospread their Path. The relations these envoysestablished
became the foundations of the Litany of Blood. When a
Camarilla facade was imposed on the city in 1760, the Shep-
herds recognized Prince Strathcona as a potential ally and
slowly drew him into the Sabbat. In 1804, Priscus Gustav
Mallenhaus, knowing of the Shepherds' expertise in guarding
against demonic forces, came to them for aid in establishing
the Sabbat Inquisition. The coven has maintained ties to the
crusade against infernalism ever since (see Appendix).

By 1837, Strathcona was a full-fledged Sabbat sympa-
thizer. The Shepherds — wanting him to join the sect

outright — helped incite a populist French-Canadian revolt
that brought British troops to the city and Camarilla envoys
to replace the wayward prince. After the Sabbat's victory,
Strathcona broke all ties with his old sect.

Soon after these rebellions, Ignace was Sainted, de-
parted from this world and became the most honored of the
Hollow Saints. Shaken by its leader's departure, the coven
fell into confusion. Ignace's most loving childe Soeur Jeanne
refused to return from her duties as head of the Inquisition,
and Soeur Marianne, the keeper of the Litany, left the city
forever. After a period of adjustment, the coven adopted a
form of cooperative leadership, and the priesthood of the
d among the eldest of the Shepherds.

coven has since pa
Of the current members, Frére Mare, Yitzhak and Alfred
Benezti have all served as leader.

In 1910, the Shepherds, with the Librarians and Arch-
bishop Strathcona, achieved a great victory. They staged the
Conference of Caine concurrently with the mortal Eucharist
Conference. A meeting of the Sabbat's wisest scholars and
thinkers, the supposedly apolitical gathering brought together
members of rival factions. Many remember itas the beginning
of the end of the Sabbat Civil War. It was soon after that Soeur
Jeanne's politicized Inquisition was destroyed, and although
the Shepherds lost a direct link to power in the sect, the
reformed Inquisition still valued the coven's cooperation and
expertise. Zhou, a Taoist Shepherd, was recently destroyed
while serving as a judge inquisitor.

Shepherd dominion over Montreal has become strained
in the 30 years. In the 1970s, a hidden invasion of
Haitian Setites occurred. The coven agreed to support the
Serpent of the Light Sangris in his efforts to defeat his
"brethren." When Archbishop Véronique La Cruelle disap-
sumption of

peared, the Shepherds supported Sangris
leadership. The Serpent ruled welland largely left the coven
to pursue its own objectives. However, the Shepherds were

appalled and embarrassed when Sangris' infernalism was

exposed, and they were forced to accept the imposition of
foreign Archbishop Carolina Valez,

The arrival of Ezekiel has the coven worried thathe will
transform the city into a New York and that the Black
Hand's well-known animosity for the Inquisition will be
directed toward them. To avoid this, Alfred Benezri has
been introduced as a candidate for the archdiocese. The
coven hopes to return Montreal to its stable days, during
which the coven flourished.

The Shepherds believe that Montreal's infernal taint
was destroyed with Sangris, and are now trying to expand
their theology to the Camarilla. These attempts are ex-
tremely covert, and the coven has not wavered from its
loyalty to the Sabbat. The Shepherds hope that their Path
can find adherents in the other sect and prove an effective
way of leading more childer of Caine to salvation.

to

fo

th

as

als

84 Montreal by Night

revolt
nvoys
ctory,

d, de-
of the
coven
eanne
ition,
e city
ted a
of the
nerds,

\Ifred

Arch-
d the
harist
s and
ether
ining
Soeur
ough
» the
and
oyed

ined
n of
tthe
t his
isap-
n of
oven.
were
was
nof

will
lack
| be
has
The
ing

int
ind
bx-
its
ith
ve

Lair

In the 1920s, the Shepherds moved from their lair in
Old Montreal to the newly constructed crypt of Saint-
Joseph's Oratory. Finished in 1955, the oratory was built at
the foot of Mount Royal in honor of Frére André, a mortal
holy man who was responsible for miraculous healing in the

early part of the century. André seemed to be able to
channel the faith that flows in Montreal, and the Shepherds
hoped to Embrace him as a successor to Saint Ignace. He
of
covenmember Frere Marc. The holy man's heart — beating

refused and was allowed to die peacefully before the eye

slowly in a vat of vampiric vitae — remains on display in a
dark alcove of the oratory, and it still has a potent connec-
tion to the faith of the city. The
Shepherds' crypt form a circular network. The central

ret rooms in the

chamber serves as the prayer chamber, and it lies beneath
the resting place of F

Rites and Practices

The Feast of Twelfth Night: The Shepherds have
developed several rituals and customs that are linked to

e André

their belief in Nocturnal Redemption. Common Sabbat
tituals are practiced with a religious flair, and sermons of

Caine are especially popular when linked with teachings

from Saint Ignace the Martyr. Every January, on Twelfth

Night, the Shepherds gather in the Hall of Hollow Saints to

mark the anniversary of lgnace's Embrace. After an evening
of prayer and sermons, the coven performs the Vaulderie.
On rare occasions, Saint Ignace's form has been known to
ary tears of blood. The tears are added to the Vaulderie cup

to cause revelations in the drinkers. It is also traditional for

the coven to Embrace enlightened mortals and put them
through the C

ion Rites in one of several special nearby

mausoleums. In the early hours of the morning, the coven

goes to the Temple of Eternal Whispers to hold a blood feast
for the city's vampires, victimizing corrupt mortals whom @

they have singled out. ei

Alfred Benezri

Background: A poet of the night, Alfred Benezti is
the most prominent of the Shepherds and the coven's

candidate for the archdiocese. Benezri was Embraced in

Damascus in the 1760s by Mo

ye, an enigmatic figure
who claimed to be the childe of a Shepherd missionary.
Fleeing the dark masters of the Syrian night after
they destroyed his sire, Alfred made his way to
Montreal. Ignace accepted him as a student despite
his "alien" Sunni Muslim heritage. @
A political pragmatist, Alfred was the first to suggest
asystem of rotating leadership after Ignace's Sainting. He
also helped to hammer out the format of the modern

Inquisition with Black Hand Dominion Julian. Their ef-

forts led to the sacrifice of Soeur Jeanne, the Shepherd who
led the first Inquisition, but allowed the coven to weather
the closing days of the Sabbat Civil War.

A poet anda statesman, Alfred seeks to understand the
Almighty through the melody of words. During his dark
tides, he tortures mortals to record their dying utteran:

but he most often composes based on his own dreams. The
al
since the 1960s provide him with an audience, and he feeds

Arab and Iranian populations that have grown in Mont

predominantly from these people.

A judge inquisitor from 1964 to 1981 and a knight
inquisitor until 1993 (see Appendix), Alfred has escaped
much of the backlash against the Shepherds due to their
support of the infernalist Sangris. He hoped to continue his
pursuit of enlightenment, but has found himself the only

viable candidate to take control of the city. He is already one
of Montreal's bishops.

Image: Benezri is a tall man with dark skin. His eyes are a
piercing blue. He has a goatee and short black hair. Alfred wears
quality clothes from the Middle East, typically robes made of silk.

Roleplaying Hints: You are haunted by your responsi-
bilities. You put up the front of a strong and competent
leader to hide your melancholic heart. You are uncomfort-
able with the support of the Queens of Mercy because of your

traditional feelings on gender relations.
Secrets: Alfred is suspicious of DeSoto, whose retire-
ment to isolation after the trial of Sangris surprised many in

the Inquisition.
Clan:
Nature: Critic
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1769

Pander


Sociales: Carisma 4, Manipulaci6n 3, Apariencia 3
Mentales: Percepcién 4, Inteligencia 5, Astucia 4
Talentos: Alerta 3, Pelea 3, Esquivar 4, Sofar 4,
Empatia 2, Liderazgo 3, Callejeo 2, Subterfugio 2
Técnicas: Disfrazarse 3, Etiqueta 4, Armas de fuego
3, Meditacién 4, Armas C.C. 3, Sigilo 3
Conocimientos: Demonologia 3, Investigaci6n 5,
Lingtiistica 3, Ocultismo 4, Politica 4, Cultura del Sabbat 4
Disciplinas: Auspex 4, Dominacién 3, Fortaleza 2,
Presencia 4, Taumaturgia 4
Senderos de Taumaturgia: Don de Morfeo 4,
Taumaturgia Espiritual 3
Trasfondos: Aliados (la Inquisici6n) 4. Contactos 5,
Reconocimiento en la Manada 4, Posici6n en el Sabbat 4
Virtudes: Insensibilidad 3, Instintos 3, Moral 4
Senda de Iluminaci6n: de la Redenci6n Nocturna, 7
Fuerza de Voluntad: 9

Yitzhak,
Sacerdote de la Cofradia

Preludio: Aaron Touto nacié y sirvid como primer
rabino de la reducida comunidad Sefardi que llegé a
Montreal después de la conquista britanica en 1760. Fue
abordado por Ignace y aprendié sobre los modos de los
Pastores, pero reconocié que su camino estaba en peli-
gro de caer en el Orgullo. La aislada perspectiva cat6lica
de los primeros miembros se filtr6 en detrimento de las
otras creencias, y Aaron rindié su humanidad para pro-
porcionar otras perspectiva, adoptando el nombre Yitzhak
para remarcar su sacrificio.

Como muchos otros vampiros de la ciudad, perma-
neci6 unido a su comunidad mortal y ha mantenido de-
bates con varios rabinos importantes a lo largo de los
siglos. Debido a que era un practicante de la Cabala se
convirti6 en un habilidoso taumaturgo y desarroll6 el ri-
tual de la Beatificaci6n, que present6 como una manera
de alcanzar la transcendencia al separar el espiritu del
cuerpo; en realidad es una forma de castigo y aquellos
pastores que tengan la temeridad de creerse puros seran
congelados para toda la eternidad. La primera victima fue
el propio Ignace, a quien Yitzhak consideraba demasiado
fascinado por su propia "iluminaci6n".

Ha luchado durante afos para mantener el equili-
brio en su cofradia entre la conviccién de la fe y el
reconocimiento de que hay otros que pueden aportar
algo. Soeur Jeanne, la lider de la primera Inquisicién,
estaba entre sus criticos mas directos, pero su caida en
el terreno pantanoso de la politica de la Guerra Civil
quit6 credibilidad a su posici6n. Otros criticos han sido
Beatificados. Este antitribu Toreador era una de las
manos tras la Conferencia de Cain y el éxito que consi-
guid le llev6 a su entrada en el circulo de liderazgo de
la cofradia. Fue también durante esta época cuando
Raphael Catarari se convirti6 en el guardian de los San-
tos Vacios. El rabino ha guiado a muchos a través de la
Beatificaci6n y todos ellos han partido felices de hallar
la iluminaci6n, por lo que esta empezando a preguntar-
se si el ritual ha sido modificado.

few Tt F FS

86 Montreal Nocturno

Ha sido lider de la manada desde que Frére Mare
descendié del puesto después del proceso de Sangrtis.
Estando en el punto mas alto de su marea divina, se ha
dado cuenta de que la Camarilla esta preparada para la
conversion, por lo que ha iniciado una relacién con la
princesa de Ottawa; aunque sabe que ella solo esta inte-
resada en reconquistar Montreal, confia en poder evitar
ese destino. Todavia esta por ver si ha caido vencido por
su propio orgullo.

Imagen: parece el tipico padre sabio; su barba gris
y pelo blanco que llega hasta los hombros contrastan
con sus ojos penetrantes. Lleva ropa sencilla sobre su
suave figura.

Sugerencias de Interpretaci6n: Eres sabio y erudito,
por lo que sabes qué es lo mejor para tu cofradia. Te enfa-
das con lentitud y generalmente citas proverbios religiosos.
Aquellos que te retan son candidatos a la Beatificaci6n.

Secretos: Marie-Ange Gagnon le ha pedido consejo
sobre su misterioso invitado vampirico; aunque no le ha
dicho que éste parece ser Sangris, y le ha hecho jurar al
rabino que mantendria silencio.

Clan: antitribu Toreador

Naturaleza: pedagogo

Conducta: mediador

Generaci6n: 8?

Abrazo: 1774

Edad aparente: 40 tardios

Fisicos: Fuerza 3, Destreza 2, Resistencia 3

Sociales: Carisma 4, Manipulaci6én 3, Apariencia 2

Mentales: Percepcion 4, Inteligencia 5, Astucia 3

Talentos: Alerta 2, Pelea 2, Esquivar 2, Empatia 4,
Instrucci6n 4, Liderazgo 4, Subterfugio 2

Técnicas: Etiqueta 3, Meditaci6n 4, Musica 2

Conocimientos: Cultura de la Camarilla 3, Leyes 2,
Lingiiistica 4, Ocultismo 2, Cultura del Sabbat 3, Teologia 4

Disciplinas: Auspex 4, Celeridad 3, Fortaleza 2, Pre-
sencia 3, Taumaturgia 5

Senderos de Taumaturgia: Corrupcién 2, Dominio
Elemental 4, Taumaturgia Espiritual 5

Trasfondos: Contactos 3, Posicién en el Sabbat 3,
Reconocimiento en la Manada 5

Virtudes: Insensibilidad 3, Instintos 3, Moral 3

Senda de Duminaci6n: de la Redenci6n Nocturna, 8

Fuerza de Voluntad: 7

Frére Mare

Preludio: cuando la iglesia catélica disolvi6 la Or-
den de los Jesuitas por razones politicas a finales el siglo
XVIII, el misionero Marc Arsenault fue dejado aislado en
un asentamiento nativo del Valle Ottawa. Cuando retor-
naba a Montreal para recibir instrucciones de los oficiantes
de la iglesia y tener una reuni6n con la Soeur Jeanne (la
"monja" con la que se habia estado carteando) fue ataca-
do y Abrazado por una manada némada de antitribu
Gangrel Rurales. Debido a su inclinaci6n por Jeanne, se
uni6 a los Pastores.

Mare nunca abandono su deseo de comprender y
convertir a los nativos de Quebec y esta intrigado por las
historias de indigenas que nunca sobreviven al Abrazo: él

1 | 1 |


rére
the
rilla
vith
hat

able
v to
vho
hak

him
nto

ruc-

zni-

m8

wn,
8th
ina
| to
1 to

@ corresponding with, Arsenault was attacked and
Embraced by a nomadic pack of Country Gangrel. Turned
over to Jeanne, he joined the Shepherds.

Frére Mare never wavered from his desire to understand
and convert the natives of Quebec, and he was intrigued by
stories of natives who never survived the Embrace. He has

Embraced hundreds of natives in the area over the centuries

and none have survived for more than a night. Mare is
convinced that the demonic force that infests Mount Royal
is the source of these killings and has done all he can to
uncover its mysteries. When his Divine Tide ebbs, Frére
Ma

methods. He spends long nights torturing the enigmatic

c's obsession becomes savage, and he resorts to harsh

Librarian Jacob the Glitch and flays natives to understand

the process of their death. He also "borrows" the preserved
heart of his friend Brother André from the oratory and
performs rituals on it.

Frére Marc served as leader of the Shepherds from 1951
tothe trial of Sangris (some of his fellows blame his obses-
sion with the mountain for the coven's troubles). The
revelation that Sangris was an infernalist drove Mare from
power and made it difficult for him to remain at the oratory.
He now spends most of his time focused on his obsession,
leaving coven affairs to Yitzhak and Alfred.

Image: Rugged and worn, Mare bears the scars of the
toad he has traveled. He stands 5'7" tall, keeps his hair long,
and wears simple travel attire.

Roleplaying Hints: You are focused on your goals. The
mysteries of Mount Royal and the native nations cannot
elude you forever. You will do anything to pierce the veil of
their secrets.

Secrets: Frére Marc probably understands the most
about Mount Royal. He knows that the demon trapped in
the mountain is a fiend of disease and that it has access to
feral creatures. He suspects that the monstrosity may not
have been purged with the destruction of Sangris.
Clan: Country Gangrel antitribu
Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Pedagogue
© Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1799
Apparent Age: Late 30s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Dreaming 2,
Intimidation 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Firearms 2, Meditation 3,
Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Demon Lore 2, Investigation 3, Kindred Lore 2,
Linguistics (native languages) 5, Lupine Lore 3, Medicine 3,
Occult 5, Sabbat Lore 3, Spirit Lore 4, Wyrm Lore 2
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Animalism 3, Fortitude 3, Protean 4,
Thaumaturgy 4
Thaumaturgical Paths: Corruption 3, Spirit Thaumaturgy 4,
Gift of Morpheus 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Pack Recognition 2
Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 4, Morale 2
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Nocturnal Redemption 7
Willpower: 8

=

Raphael Catarari

Background: Raphael Catarari was the first result in a
series of dark experiments conducted by Frére Marc. In
1875, following a long court battle, Catholic Bishop Bourget
was forced to bury liberal intellectual Joseph Guibord, to
whom he had denied the last rites, in the Céte-des-Neiges
cemetery on Mount Royal. Bourget reacted to this imposi-
tion by declaring Guibord's plot "morally separate" from the
holy burial ground. Frére Mare knew that such a declaration
might affect the aura of faith on the mountain, and decided
to experiment with the Creation Rites in the plot. In 1892,
he arranged for a nomadic pack known as the "Bastards" to
d neonate.

bring him a freshly Embr:

The Nosferatu antitribu who emerged the next night
called himself "Raphael" and had two odd characteristics: a
palpable aura that occasionally became visible, and only vague
memories of his life. He eventually came to believe himself a
fallen angel. Claiming to have been cast out of Heaven for
havingslain another of the Host, Raphael dedicated his unlife
to redeeming the childer of Caine in repentance. He became
the guardian of the Hollow Saints as part of this quest and
altered Yitzhak':
Saints created since then have passed on with looks of utter
amazement on their faces.

ite of Sainting based on his own inspirations.

Chapter Five: Covens


88

Raphael's mind is fragile. When he's lucid, he displays
ancient wisdom and enlightenment. He took the traumatized
Cherubim into his care and created the Obertus Choir of
ine. When Raphael's mind becomes unhinged — during
theextremesofthe Divine Tide—he is dangerously obsessive.

In 1990, he reached the heights of grace and began acampaign
of public preaching, during which he revealed his full angelic
glory (through a potent application of Presence) to mortals in
Montreal. He drove 50 people insane before Sangris and
Cherubim could puta stop to his evangelizing. He is currently
entering the darkest phase of his Tide and has become
erotically obsessed with his companion Chi
which prevents him from continuing his "miss

Image: Raphael's twisted Nosferatu form hints
at how beautiful he
must have been
as a mortal:
Only his
deep-green
eyesremain
totestify toa

heavenly form.

Occasionally, a
golden aura shim-

mers around him.

Roleplaying Hints: @

Youdonotremem-
ee
ber all of your tru >
life, but you recall
enough. Speak in whispers
and guard your se

rets,

Secrets: Raphael is the
only Shepherd who sus-
pects Yitzhak of treachery,
having found his rite of Saint-

ing to be lacking in mang e @Q@ @

ways. Raphael seeks to redeem the coven

pri
Cl
Nature: Penitent

jan: Nosferatu antitribu

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 10th

Embr: 1892

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dreaming 5, Empathy 5,
Intimidation 2, Public Speaking 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Meditation 5, Melee 2, Music 4,
Singing 4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Demon Lore 3, Kindred Lore 2, Linguistics 3,
Occult 4, Spirit Lore 4, Theology 4

st. 0

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 4, Obfuscate 5, Potence
3, Presence 5, Thaumaturgy 4

Thaumaturgical Paths: Gift of Morpheus 4, Spirit
Thaumaturgy 3

Backgrounds: Pack Recognition 3

Virtues: Callousness 2, Instincts 3, Morale 4

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Nocturnal Redemption 8
Willpower: 7

Cherubim

Background: The war-doll of the Shepherds,
Cherubim is the product of the vile
practices of the Sabbat. Born in
1860, Alice Ménard fell into the
clutches of Kyle McConner,
a Brujah antitribu pedophile,
when she was five. Abused and
raped for over a
year, she was
also victim
ized by Kyle's
@ Vicissitude,
which he used to
make Alice look like
a porcelain doll. He
then put her through the
+ Creation Rites, and

© she remained his
+ into the 20th cen-

tury,
s— Raphael Catarati
recognized Alice's beau.
tiful soul and helped her
become strong enough to
free herself. In 1911, she
overcame the Vinculum that bound
ry @ . her to Kyle, then challenged him to
e é Monomancy, during which he was ham-
x pered by his own twisted affections. Raphael
brought her into the Shepherds and onto their Path as

Cherubim.

Thespecter of Kyle McConner haunts Cherubim. (She
still keeps the leather mask that he wore while violating
her.) When her Divine Tide rises, she struggles to let go of
her hatred. During periods of ebb tide, she seeks vengeance
by pursuing a twisted game of seduction aimed at mortal
men, She brings out the pedophile in them and then teats

out their hearts at the point of sexual climax.

Cherubim and Raphael have begun an intensely sexual
relationship. Part of Cherubim feels that the Shepherd is
nothing but another pedophile who is using her. She sup-
pressesa deadly frenzy at the peak of their bloody sexual acts,

siz

Pre

Vi

wit
att
the
on

cre

Mc
vin
ho
apr
der
kil
spl
tel
she
Ch

her

Eli
of E

Montreal by Night

Potence

, Spirit

iption 8

pherds,
he vile
Born in
nto the
Jonner,
lophile,
sed and
over a
he was
ictim-
Kyle's
tude,
sed to
ok like
ill. He
gh the
es,and
ed his
h cen-

(tarari
'beau-
ed her
ugh to
1, she
bound

lim to

ham-
phael
ith as

\(She
lating
go of
tance
jortal
tears

bxual
rd is
sup-
acts.

Image: Cherubim's diminutive form features over-

sized glassy eyes, a rosy face and a large, round head. She

wears leather clothes, her hair in colored braids, and

carries weighted throwing daggers and a curved carving

knife. She tries to look less like a plaything.
Roleplaying Hints: You have never recovered from

your victimization. You put up a good front, but deep down

you know no life except that of the dominated slave.

Clan: Brujah antitribu

Nature: Masochist

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1866

Apparent Age: 6

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimi-

dation 1, Seduction 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2, Throwing

eS °

Skills: Firearms 3, Meditation 2, Melee 4, $
vival 3, Torture 3
Knowledges: Investigation 1, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2,
Occult 3, Politics 1, Theology 2
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Fortitude 2, Potence 4,

ealth 3, Sur-

Presence 3

Contacts 1

‘allousness 5, Instincts 3, Morale 2

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Nocturnal Redemption 4
Willpower: 5

Sabrina

Background: Sabrina was an art student who flirted
with several fringe religions and thus attracted Yitzhak's
attention. While mortal, she studied religious artwork. Now
that she's a vampire she studies life and unlife. Depending
on her Divine Tide, she restores the most horrendous of
creatures or mars the perfect.

Sabrina's greate
Montreal-born super-model Claire. The Toreador con-
vinced her that beauty was only valuable if it lived with
horror, and she watched as the mortal "highlighted her
appeal" by creating an aura of tragedy about herself. Under
Sabrina's influence, Claire arranged for gruesome "acci-
dents" to claim her family and manipulated a stalker into

accomplishment is the corruption of

killing her fellow models. Claire's picture, radiant in the
splattered blood of her colleagues, flashed across every
Sabrina used that image to
show Claire how violence accentuated her beauty. In 1992,
Claire shocked the world when she used a razor to peel off
her own face during a Nightly Entertainment interview.

television in North America

Sabrina's most recent project is the monstrous Nosferatu,
Elias the Whale. She has uncovered the beauty at the core
of Elias' being and is nurturing it through romance. The two

.
@

mpires meet regu-
@ \arly. Love blossoms in Elias' heart, and the Toreador
looks forward to it blooming so that she can shatter it,
making Elias the perfect creature of horror.

Image: A stunning beauty
hair. However, herhair can't hide the scars that remain from

Sabrina has long auburn

her mortal experiments with body art. She stains all of her
clothes with blood to contrast her beauty with horror.
Roleplaying Hints: The Creation Rites made the
world your
possibilities. You scek redemption through your art and use

nvas, and you are determined to explore its

terror and seduction in equal measure to create your master-
pieces.

Secrets: Sabrina has discovered a hidden cache of
Véronique La Cruelle's "homicidal artwork," as well as two
Zante
become Sabrina's retainers.

of the archbishor servants. They have since

Clan: Toreador antitribu

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Avant-Garde

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1982

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Artistic Expression 5, Brawl 2, Dodge
3, Empathy 2, Seduction 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Meditation 2, Melee 2,
Torture 3

Knowledges: Art History 5, Biology 2, Finance 1, Investi-
gation 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3, Occult 2

iplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Presence 4

Chapter Five: Covens


90

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Resources 3, Retainers
(Zantosa revenants) 2

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 2, Morale 3

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Nocturnal Redemption 5
Willpower: 5

The Librarians

Wheel goes round, landing on a twist of faith

Taking your choices you'll have the right answers

When the final judgment begins

— Rush, "The Big Wheel"

Following the announcement at the beginning of the
19th century that the Shepherds of Caine were sending
representatives to other cities to begin a Sabbat "renais-
sance," a number of Cainite scholars returned with the
delegates to offer their services. The Shepherds, though
unable to accept new members, were more than happy to
ist in the creation of a sister coven.

The Librarians formed to help in the amassing and
dissemination of Sabbat history and folklore. Since its goals

ai

ran parallel with the Shepherds', the two groups worked
together, shared knowledge, debated theories, registered
various genealogies and acquired new information. The
coven that became known as the Librarians was first formed
around a core group of three members: Béatrice L'Angou,
Donald Kaminski and Antonio Di Capelli.

As time passed, Soeur Marianne (the Shepherd chroni-

cler of the Litany of Blood) came to rely on the Librarians.
The Shepherds were more interested in the pursuit of
ns had
a thirst for knowledge in general. It was not surprising, then,

esoteric and religious phenomena, while the Librar

that with the departure of Soeur Marianne after Ignace's
Sainting, responsibility for the Litany of Blood was turned
over to the

Librarians.

Béattice L'Asigou, aKiasyd was'chosen as leader ofthe
coven, adecision that did not sit well with Donald Kaminski.
Doviald chose to ale bis erievances thecues, Monomancys
Much to the surprise of all attending, she thrashed her
opponent. When it came time to slay Donald, Béatrice

chose a more disturbing fate for him. He became the pages
for volumes one and two of the first genealogy skintomes.

Since the mid-19th century, the L ins have been
the keepers of the Litany of Blood and the chroniclers of
Sabbat history. The coven, not inclined toward combat, has
a lower attrition rate than most. The members fight when
asked to, and sometimes without being asked, but the
Librarians believe that their contribution to the sect lies in
the preservation and application of knowledge.

Béatrice L' Angouremainsat the head of the Librarians,
helping its ranks swell and pursuing those promising indi-
viduals who she believes are suited to the coven. Of the
other original members, Antonio Di Capelli vanished in
Rome while trying to break into the Vatican (debate still
rages as to whether he fell to the Giovanni or the Pope

himself). Donald Kaminski remains volumes one and two of
the genealogy skintomes. With the introduction of new
members over the past century, the coven has grown toa
respectable size.

Lai
Assuming the responsibility of tending to the Litany of
Blood, the Librarians moved into the Alexandrium Library,
an adjoining wing to the Temple of Eternal Whispers. Only
the Librarians have full access to the library, though those
eking knowledge ar
eye of the coven members and their Obertus caretakers.

allowed entrance under the watchful

The entrance to the Alexandrium, the Gates of Eternity,
isin Caine's Chapel. The double gates bear a bas-relief carved
in bronze that depicts naked mortals clambering over one
another. The doors are mystically sealed by their interlocking
arms and can only be opened by whispering "arcane" into the
ears of one of the images. Otherwise, nothing short of brute
force (combined Strength rating of 15) can pry the doors open.

The Gates of Eternity open into a central corridor that
has several work tables and dozens of adjoining catacomblike
passages. The tunnels are dark and lined with row upon row of
books and skintomes. The tunnels also lead to the vampires!
various lairs. These corridors, narrow enough to allow one
person through at a time, ar
their claustrophobic grip. Of the 12 lair chambers, three are
empty; five pied by the Librarians; and four of the
larger ones are taken by Obertus ghouls and their families.

20 feet high, which accentuates

Te OC

Rites and Practices

The Librarians are not given to elaborate rituals and
observances other than the yearly Opening of the Litany.
Rather, they spend their time studying and cro:
ing new information. They believe that their spiritual
well-being lies in adherence to the various Paths of Enlight-
enment, not in rites.

-referenc-

Muttering of the Divine: When it comes time for the
mad Tremere antitribu Jacob the Glitch (who is kept by the
Librarians) to lose his memory, the members gather on the
eve of the full moon to listen to him ramble. As Jacob enters
his cycle, the Librarians begin their meditation and concen-

trate on the gibberish he spouts. Most of the time his words

make no s
ent phra
spends the evening debating the meaning of his utterances.

Beatrice LAngou

Background: Béatrice was always regarded asan oddity
in her Saint-Léonard parish. She was smarter and better-
read than most people, but an unmarried social outcast. She
also received forbidden texts from a secret benefactor.

‘At first she was shocked by these books. They spoke of
mystical circles, European s , the secret gene-
alogies of powerful families and great conspiracies. A\ll thi

nse, but on rare occasions Jacob speaks a coher-

se or sentence. After Jacob collapses, the coven

gianna

eo

Montreal by Night


id two of
of new
wn toa

itany of
Library,
rs. Only
h those
yatchful
akers.

emity,
fcarved
ver one
locking
into the
of brute
rsopen.
lor that
mblike
nrow of
mpires'
ow one
ntuates

ree are
of the
ilies.

als and
Litany.
ferenc-
diritual
nlight-

for the
by the
on the
enters
incen-
words
coher-
coven
ances.

dddity
yetter-
t.She
tr.

dke of
kgene-

Il this

bristled beneath her fingertips, and she quickly learned that
there was far more to life than what she lived. She also
realized that this knowledge came at a high price, but she
was more than willing to pay it.

Years later, Béatrice met her benefactor, Alfred Benezri.
He had heard of her great mental acumen and thought a talent
such as hers was too precious to waste on a mortal life span. He
watched her from afar, nurturing her yearning for knowledge
and studying her carefully, trying to ascertain which clan would
best suit her. When he finally decided, he called ina boon from
Kassiym Malikhair, a Kiasyd ally. It was he who Embraced her.

Béatrice is currently the leading authority on Sabbat
history and lore. She spends a majority of her time using her
Necromantic skills to question the dead about various vam-
pire genealogies. Béatrice is also a lover to both Marie-Ange
and Alfred Benezri — although her bisexuality has proven
difficult for Alfred to understand (he still retain:
his conservative upbringing). Although Béatrice ha
that Marie-Ange has drifted away from her of late, she has
been unable to determine the cause.

ments of

s noticed

Image: Béatrice is a Kiasyd beauty, whether she
knowledges it or not. Her figure and limbs are slender and

graceful. Her loose hair is a lustrous black and it hangs to her
hips. Her ebony eyes are serene.

Roleplaying Hints: While calm and very gracious, you
are slightly uncomfortable with the degree of violence
inherent to Sabbat gatherings (or perhaps more so with your
growing acceptance of it). Always smile ina benign manner,
but let no one mistake that for supplication.

Secrets: Unbeknownst to most, Béatrice is allied with an
Unseelie sluagh named "Rake." She discovered Rake going
through books in the Alexandrium. Rather than attacking
him, she offered to give him a tour. He agreed, and the two
discovered a similar interest in knowledge and subtle torture.
Rake was also intrigued by Beatrice's uncanny resemblance to
the sluagh. The two have exchanged information ever since.
Clan: Kiasyd

Nature: Perfectionist

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1770

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Diplomacy 2, Dodge 2
Dreaming 4, Empathy 3, Instruction 4, Leadership 5

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Debate 4, Etiquette 4, Firearms 1,
Forgery 1, Music 1, Speed Reading 3

Knowledges: Alchemy 3, Anthropology 2, Archaeology 5,
Area Knowledge (Europe) 5, Art History 3, Bureaucracy 2,
Computer 2, Faerie Lore 4, Finance 1, Heraldry 5, History 5,
Investigation 3, Law 3, Linguistics 5, Medicine 1, Occult 5,
Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 5, Theology 2

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 4, Mytherceria 5,
Necromancy 3, Obtenebration 2

Backgrounds: Contacts (faeries) 2, Pack Recognition 5,
Retainers (Obertus revenants) 4, Sabbat Status 3
Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 2, Morale 4

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Nocturnal Redemption 7
Willpower: 6

Notes: During the dark cycle of her Divine Tide, Béatrice

pursues educated women, seduces them and uses Dominate

to replace their knowledge with memories of her.

Jacob the Glitch

Background: Jacob is a frightening mouthpiece of an
enigma. He was one of the last people ever to be put
f@ through a Creation Rite on the slopes of Mount Royal a

century ago. Like all the others, he supposedly

@ @rvever survived. The only difference being that

@ __ Jacob was one of Frére Marc's experiments carried

through with the help ofa Tremere antitribually. [twas

this ally who Embraced Jacob, and he was found only

recently, wandering the sewers beneath Montreal, a
complete amnesiac who fed on rats,

Like many unfortunates forced to un-
dergo the Creation Riteson the mountain,
Jacob was claimed by Metathiax. Unlike
his predecessors, however, Jacob was
blessed with Numina prior to his Em-
"brace, and this made him a worthy pawn
for the demon. Metathiax decided to turn Jacob

Chapter Five: Covens


2

into his tool

asensory conduit to spy on the Cainites of the
city. Wiping Jacob's memory to prevent anyone from learning
the Cainite's past, Metathiax released Jacob into the city and
cursed him with monthly episodes of complete amnesia,
preventing him from advancing along Path toa point where
he could break free of the demon's control. Unknown to
Metathiax, the connection to Jacob also worked in reverse;
Jacob became aware of the subconscious fears of his master.
Now in the care of the Librarians, Jacob retains his
memories for a single month before they vanish at the
advent of the full moon. As he awakens on that evening, he
begins rambling in English, Russian, Latin, Greek and a
multitude of other languages known to Metathiax. For the
most part, Jacob is unintelligible, but there are moments of
divine lucidity when he spouts off riddles, fragments of
information or kernels of knowledge pertaining to the

demon's fears. After an hour, Jacob collapses and sleeps
through to the next night. Upon awakening, he has forgot-
ten who he is. The only thing he remembers are potent

rituals that no one can account for.

Thaumatur

The Librarians keep Jacob in the Alexandrium to ensure
that noone else can learn from him, and for fear of what others
may want with him. During his dark cycle, Frére Marc often
tortures Jacob. Though Jacob does not remember this abuse
ously distr

after the full moon, he subco1 Frere

The rituals that Jacob occasionally "remem-
bers" are recorded by the Librarians. The coven

has been trying to contact the Tremere antitribu
elder Goratrix for his in-
sight on the situation, but
he has yet to come to
Montreal.

Image: A small and
mousy Afro-Caribbean, Jacob
hasa receding widow's peak and
wears disheveled clothing. He
always looks confused and be-
fuddled.

Roleplaying Hints: You
are childlike; everyone and ev-
erything around you is new and
fascinating. You study things
carefully and are not afraid toe
stare people in the eyes. Most @
Sabbat mistake this for a chal-
lenge, but you only do it in hopes
of sparking memori

Secrets: Jacob has no
secrets, except for the odd
ritual or two that's inexplica-
bly tucked away in the back of his 9
mind.

Clan: Tremere antitribu
Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Simpleton
Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1880

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 4

Skills: None. He must relearn skills after each amnesiac
bout.

Knowledges: None

ciplines: Thaumaturgy 5

Thaumaturgical Paths: Rating 5 in one Path only (varies
with each month)

Backgrounds: None

Virtu
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Caine |
Willpower: 4

Callousness 1, Instincts 1, Morale 2

Marie-Ange Gagnon
Background: Originally a member of La Belle Mort
("The Beautiful Death"), a nomadic pack of European
Tzimisce, Marie-Ange occasionally traveled to Montreal,
her city of birth, to confer with the newly established
Librarians. It was here that she met Béatrice L'Angou
and began their intimate friendship.

Members of La Belle Mort were recruiters for
the Sabbat who traveled the globe in search of
new bloodlines and clans,
Since many of the Kindred they
encountered refused to join the
Sabbat, the pack destroyed
them, allowing Marie-Angeto.
drink their blood. This recruit
ing campaign took the
— @ pack into British:

controlled portions
of the Orient and into
direct conflict with
the local supernatu-
ral beings. During
the Chinese Boxer
Rebellion, Marie-
Ange's pack was
decimated, leaving
herthesole survivor. With
nowhere left to go, she returned
to Montreal and was admitted
into the Librariar the resi-
xotic vitae,
of the
Snake Pit, Montreal's destroyed Setite temple. Determined

dent expert on Cainite and

In 1996, Marie-Ange began having visions

to uncover the significance behind her waking dreams,
Marie-Ange explored the burned-out ruins of the temple
and uncovered what appeared to be the unconscious body of

Montreal by Night


esiac

aries

Mort
pean
real,
hed
ngou

s for
oh of
lans.
they
athe
syed
ge to
ruit-
the
sh-

ions
into
with
latu-
ring
oxer
irie-
was
ring
Vith
med
tted
tesi-
tae.
the
ned
ims,
iple
lyof

the infernalist Sangris, who was supposedly destroyed in
1992. Marie-Ange hid the Serpent in her haven, hoping to
unravel the mystery behind his miraculous survival, partial
amnesia and the strange quality of his vitae.

Marie-Ange's mysterious guest is none other than the
Damned DeSoto':
Terrence DeBouville's transformed body. Inspired by Sangris'
memories, DeSoto is turning Marie-Ange's
edge into something darker. She has yet to trust him fully,

confused soul, which is trapped in

thirst for knowl-

but does have a growing fascination for the darkness sur-
rounding the Sabbat circus.

Marie-Ange's lab and adjoining rest quarters have been
declared off-limits to everyone (supposedly to maintain the
integrity of Marie-Ange's work, but, in truth, to hide her visitor).

Image: Marie-Ange is a beefy, rugged, black-haired
woman who dresses in comfortable work attire. She uses
Vicissitude to bring her veins to the surface of her skin,
making her look lik

Roleplaying Hints: Everybody is a walking Ziploc bag
filled with blood. The art of skincraft does not interest you

a pulsating road map.

asgreatly as vitae itself. The awakening of your dark side has
tumed your fascination into something more brutal. Had
you known Elizabeth Bathory, the two of you would have
gotten along splendidly.

Secrets: Marie-Ange is being corrupted through her
protection of the person she believes is Sangris.
Clan: Tzimisce
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Autocrat
Generation: 10th (raised from 12th through diablerie)
Embrace: 1830
Apparent Age: Late 20s
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Dreaming 2, Intimi-
dation 2, Intrigue 1, Search 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Body Alteration 3, Drive 2, Firearms 3,
Interrogation 3, Meditation 2, Melee 1, Repair 1, Stealth 2,
Survival 2, Torture 3
Knowledges: Computer 2, Forensics 4, Kindred Lore 4,
Linguistics 2, Lupine Lore 2, Medicine (hematology) 3,
Occult 3, Sabbat Lore 2
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 4, Potence 3, Presence 4,
Protean 3, Thaumaturgy 5, Vicissitude 5
Backgrounds: Contacts (Clan Tzimisce) 1, Sabbat Status 1
Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 4, Morale 2
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Caine 5
Willpower: 6

Molly 8

Background: The one certainty in life is death. That
was Ellen Conlynne's philosophy. An Irish immigrant who
arrived in Montreal in 1847, Ellen watched as her friends,

family and shipmates died from the typhus epidemic that
claimed many Potato Famine refugees. Ellen wept over
every corpse cast over the side of the ship and for those who
died waiting within the Grosse Ile quarantine station.
People never realized that she wasn't mourning the passing
of friends and loved ones, but that she was touched by the
beauty of death, She even refuted God, believing that His
existence marred the perfection of death itself.

Ellen's views on death and religion brought her to the
attention of the Saint Patrick Basilica priests who believed
she had been horribly alienated during the typhus epidemic.
She was admitted into Hétel-Dieu Hospital.

Preacher, of Les Misérables, took an immediate liking
to Ellen and brought her to a Creation Rite. Béatrice
L'Angou and Marie-Ange were also in attendance, both of
whom instantly recognized the potential in the serene
young woman. The two managed to convince Preacher to
give them Ellen as a gift and Embraced her as a Tzimisce.
Ellen emerged under the care of her stepmother Béatrice,
her sire Marie-Ange and her godfather Preacher. All three
did their best to train their childe and broaden her under-
standing of the world.

Because Ellen, now called "Molly 8," believes that life
isabout constant change, she regularly sheds the outer layers
of her skin and uses them as parchment for her writing.
Molly 8 also uses her Necromancy skills to speak to the dead,
and surp'
the official scribe of the Librarians and in charge of creating
new pa

even Béatrice in the Discipline's use. Molly is

ges for the skintomes.

Molly 8's haven is covered from floor to ceiling with
long, treated strips of human skin of various hues. These are
her tapestries and pages; every square inch of her skin is
covered with graceful script and artwork. Molly 8 maintains
a close relationship with her "stepbrother" Skin.

Image: Due to constant shedding, Molly 8 is porcelain-
skinned, soft-featured and without any blemishes. Her pale
visage is framed by the tresses of her deep-red hair, which
contrast with her green eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak softly; there is no need to
shout. Touch people when talking with them; you love the
way their skin feels. Smile gently; you can kill in the blink
of an eye, but life is beautiful and fleeting.

Molly 8 knows Marie-Ange is hiding someone
inher lair, but has done nothing about it for the time being.
Clan: Tzimi
Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1849

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Secrets

e

Chapter Five: Covens 93


Talents: Alertness 1, Artistic Expres: @ eS
sion4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy @

5, Intimidation 3, Leadership i 4
Poetic Expression 3
Skills: Animalism 4, Body Alter-
ation 4, Calligraphy 5, Drive 1,
Firearms 2, Fire Walking 2,
Interrogation 2, Melee 1,
Repair 1, Torture 3
Knowledges: Investigation
1, Law 2, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 2, Occult 3,
Science 2, Sewer Lore |
Disciplines: Animalism1, @
Auspex 5 Galen 2,

Tesshce 1, Vic wide 4
Virtues: Callousness 5, In-
stincts 4, Morale 5
Path of Enlightenment: Path of
Death and the Soul 8
Willpower: 7

Christanius Lionel

Background: Born and raised in an academic family,
Christanius was no stranger to knowledge or education. Latin.
ge 15, he was

and Greek wereas familiar to him as English. By
pursuing the philosophy program at Harvard University. In
the eyes of his parents, the gifted teen could do no wrong, at
least until the Great War. Christanius enlisted to fight. His
heroic valorand promotion to infantry officer (Commander of
the Third Company, 13th battalion Royal Canadian Expedi-
of his parents, who

tionary Force) all fell upon the deaf ea

disapproved of their son's actions. Christanius was ultimately
struck down by fire at the second Battle of Ypres and would
have died had he not been discovered on the battlefield by
carrion Nosferatu. Arbitrarily feeding and Embracing, they
cursed Christanius with the latter and left him to fend for
himself in the no-man's-land.

nius' Embrace was a night of hellish half-memo-
clouds,

Chris

ries punctuated by constant shelling, poison-gas
feeding off the bodies of the dying, and simply trying to
survive. The nightmare came to a climax near sunrise, when,
Christanius was forced to seek sanctuary from the sun

hat awaited mass burial.

beneath a mountain of corpses
Beneath the shelter of carcasses, Christanius underwent an
epiphany and dreamed of Caine. In a conversation with the
First Brother, Christanius was told to seek out all the
children of the Second Generation.

When Christanus emerged the next evening, the Sabbat
discovered him and inducted him into the fold. His thirst for
knowledge focused on Caine, and his life revolved around
discovering the meaning of his vision. Within 50 years, his

recognized authorities on
‘ainite and pre-Sabbatge-
__ nealogies. That was when

< he was invited to join the
Librarians.
Image:
Christaniusis
brooding and
silent. His eyes
reflect a sharp
intellect, and his
attire is always

conservative. He
exudesanacrid scent
"despite the use of
Obfuscate. He believes
it is the lingering smell of
the poison gas that saturated
his body during the second
Battle of Ypres.

Roleplaying Hints: Ig.

nore people for the most part,

they rarely have anything of interest to
tell you. The only thing you respect is knowledge
Ofall the Librarians, only Béatrice is as well read as you, and

for that you appreciate her company.

Clan: Nosferatu antitribu

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Generation: 7th (raised from 11th through diablerie)
Embrace: 1915

Apparent Age: Unknown

Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Intimi-
dation 3, Leadership 4, Scan 3, Search 2, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Bribery 2, Camouflage 4, Debate 4,
Drive 1, Firearms 3, Herbalism 2, Meditation 4, Melee 5,
Music 2, Repair 1, Research 4, Speed Reading 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 4

Knowledges: Anthropology 3, Archaeology 4, Area Know!
edge (Middle East) 6, Art History 3, Bureaucracy 4, Camarilla
Lore 4, History 5, Investigation 2, Kindred Lore 4, Linguis
tics 6, Occult 5, Philosophy 5, Politics 3, Sabbat Lore 4,
Science 3, Theology 1

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate
3, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 5, Obtenebration 1, Potence 3,
Protean 4

Backgrounds: Allies (Clan Nosferatu) 4, Sabbat Status | |

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3, Morale 3
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Caine 9
Willpower: 7

t

Si
(im
E
Knigl
Portu
the S
exped
man c
battle
the M
L
order
Santia
God's
A
DeSot
the op
gators,
with h
its repr
one of
D
sisted
Christ
Montr
the Li
influer
TI
sufficie
coven.
claimir
pursues
TheSh
hisbid
DeSot<
and lef
Miguel
De
quisitor
that h
tribuna
Althou
tain, tl
months
Sangri
DeSot«
the cou
As
abilities
from hi
magic ;
very es

the fire

Montreal by Night


» most
ies on
Dat ge-
when
in the
ns.

ages
niusis

s and

is eyes

slieves
nell of
urated
cond

ts: Ig-
t part;
rest to
ledge.
yu, and

Intimi-
2

bate 4,
lelee 5,
ealth 4,

Knowl-
imarilla
singuis-

Lore 4,

iminate
ence 3,

tatus 1

tribunal at Sangris' trie

Santiago DeSoto
(in the form of Sangris the Serpent)

Background: Santiago DeSoto was a warrior of the
Knights of Christ, a religious order linked to the former
Portuguese Templars. A competent sailor, he commanded
the Santo Christo, one of many small ships that launched
expeditions against the North African coastline. A noble
man of good intent, DeSoto proved himself many times in
battle, attracting the attention of Enrique the Navigator,
the Master of the Knights of Christ

Under the wing of Enrique, DeSoto discovered that the
order had secret benefactors — hidden allies who wanted
Santiago. Believing that Enrique's actions were performed in
God's name, DeSoto allowed the vampire to Embrace him

After the Anarch Revolt and the Convention of Thorns,
DeSoto was one of the first to join the Sabbat; he recognized
the opportunity to seize personal power. He formed the Navi-
gators, named in honor of Enrique, and fled to the New World
with his ship. The pack raided the Brazilian coast to enhance
its reputation in the Sabbat. Indeed, the Navigators became
one of the most infamous nomadic packs in the New World,

DeSoto learned of the Shepherds after the coven as-
sisted in the creation of the Inquisition. A former Knight of
Christ and a recognized Sabbat persona, DeSoto went to

Montreal — under the cover of trading information with
the Librarians — to insinuate himself into the highly
influential Shepherds and their Inquisition.

The ruse was successful. DeSoto met with the Shepherds,
sufficiently impressed them and was invited to join the
coven. He declined Shepherd membership, however,
claiming that God would be better served if he
pursued his talents as a warrior.
TheShepherdsalsosponsored
hisbid to join the Inquisition.
DeSoto became an inquisitor
and left the care of his pack to
Miguel, his childe.

DeSoto became a feared in-
quisitor. It was therefore no surprise
that he was chosen to lead the
in 1992.
Although the outcome was cer-
tain, the trial lasted for three
months. When it came time for
Sangris' execution, it was
DeSoto who would administere
the coup de grace.

As DeSoto called upon his
abilities and flames began to erupt
from his hands, he sensed foul

magic at work. His soul, his
very essence, was pulled into
the fire he wove and shot into

Sangris. He watched as the laughing spirit of Sangris leaped
into his own body, just as his abilities consumed the body of
Sangris along with his own trapped soul.

That's when the nightmare began. DeSoto found his
spirit in contention between twodemons, Bothothel (Sangris'
master) and Metathiax (the trapped lord of Montreal). Sangris
was beyond their reach for the time being; Bothothel was
unable to approach the island to retrieve his "property";
Metathiax, though he had a tenuous claim on Sangris' soul,
was unwilling to allow Bothothel possession.

DeSoto, however, was fair game. Both demons wanted
him, and neither would back down. Finally, DeSoto came
upon a solution: If he would be allowed to return to the
mortal world, he would find Sangris and return him to
Bothothel, and try to locate another soul for Metathiax,
that of Cedilia of the Tongue. Both agreed, and DeSoto was
returned to Montreal in the body of Terrence DeBouville.

Through Metathiax's manipulations, DeSoto
reawakened as a partial amnesiac. The Decani molded
DeSoto's memories and new body to look and be like
Sangris'. He now hopes that by making DeSoto believe he
is Sangris, he can fool Bothothel into claiming the wrong
soul, thereby nullifying the contract with Sangris and mak-
ing both souls his.

Metathiax also sent dreams to Marie-Ange, who di
covered "Sangris" sleeping in the Snake Pit. Under
Marie-Ange's care, DeSoto is trying to reestablish contact
withEzekiel, his "childe."

o Image: DeSoto looks almost identical to Sangris
with the exception of his eyes, which are solid black.
A Haitian gentleman in his 30s, DeSoto has asad

demeanor, compact facial features and a well-

developed body. He carries
himself confidently, though
an occasional flicker of un-
certainty doesgive him pause.

Roleplaying Hints: As
"Sangris," you are a man
= __ driven by several
agendas, including
killing "DeSoto"
and reestablishing
your hold on
Ezekiel. You fully
believeinwhoyou
are, though there
are moments when.
foreign yet famil-
iar images undermine
your self-confidence. This
is aggravated by your posses
ion of abilitiesandskills that
© you don't remember learning and by
memories that seem to belong to someone else.

Chapter Five: Covens 95


Secrets: Bothothel has implanted DeSoto with the
subconscious knowledge that Pierre Bellemare is a potent
infernalist.
Clan: Brujah antitribu (emerging Serpent of the Light blood)
Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1492

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 6, Diplo-
macy 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Instruction 3, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 5, Scan 3, Seduction 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Blind Fighting 4, Boat Handling 6,
Bribery 5, Disguise 4, Etiquette 1, Fast-Draw (foil) 3, Firearms 2,
Fishing 4, Interrogation 5, Melee (short swords) 6, Orienteering
5, Stealth 3, Survival 2, Swimming 4, Throwing 4
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Brazilian coastline) 3,
marilla Lore 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 3, Medicine 1,
Occult 2, Sabbat Lore 5, Theology 6

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 4, Dark Thaumaturgy 3,
Dominate 3, Fortitude 5, Obfuscate 4, Obtenebration 2,
Potence 6, Presence 6, Serpentis 2, Thaumaturgy 5
Thaumaturgical Paths: Gift of Morpheus 3, Lure of Flames 5,
Movement of the Mind 2, Pestilence 3, Weather Control 4
Backgrounds: Alternate Identity 4

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 5, Morale 3

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Evil Revelations 4
Willpower: 6

Notes: Asan agent of Metathiax, DeSoto is carrying AIDS
and cholera. He has the following Demonic Investments:
Body Armor, Smell Fear and Psychic Tracker.

The Queens of Mercy

Like a gauntlet

the voices haunted

walking in with his thin skin

lowered chin

he knew the names that they would taunt him with
faggot, sissy, punk, queen, queer

~ The Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy, "Language of
Violence"

The Queens of Mercy were formed from the remnants
of another gay-specific coven called the Mattachine. That
nomadic pack spent the latter half of the 19th century in
France, wreaking havoc in Camarilla-held bastions. By the
1920s, multiple Blood Hunts across Europe forced the
dwindling Mattachine coven to escape to North America,
where it eventually split up. Montreal attracted the core
members of the pack, and by the 1950s, the Mattachine was

seven members strong and in control of the city's emerging
gay district. It was at that time that Sébastien Goulet
returned to Montreal and joined the Mattachine.

On June 28, 1969, following the police raid on the
Stonewall Bar in New York City, most of the Mattachine
left for New York to revel in the ensuing Stonewall Riots,
They never returned. Having remained behind, Sébastien
formed a coven of his own called the "Queens of Mercy."

The Queens have taken heavy losses over the last
decade. Between Spider's desertion to the Wretched, the
death of three members by the hand of Pierre Bellemare, and
the disappearance of Christien Ng, the Queens of Mercy are
currently down to three members. Despite this, the coven
maintains control over the Gay Village. The members'
feeding stock is the 12,000-15,000 gay ‘men and lesbians
who live in the Village.

Lair
The Queens of Mercy are fairly mobile, attaching them-
selves to the most popular gay bars of the moment, When4

new club opens up, the Queens migrate to it, making it their
home. Over the years the Queens of Mercy have had lairs at
Truxx, The Garage, The Jungle, Prison, Max, KOX anda
dozen otherbars. The coven'scurrent le

iris Heaven, Montreal's
newest hot spot for the gay community.

Rites and Practices
Pret-a-Porter: During the time between the Festival de
Jaze de Montreal and the Just For Laughs comedy festival in
July, the Queens of Mercy invite other gay and lesbian packs
from across North America to join them for festivities. The
Mattachine of New York and the nomadic Sacred Band and
Bull Dykes always attend.

On the second Friday in July, the Queens host a
Roman-style blood feast and orgy held at Sébastien's lair,
On the following Saturday night, they all go out "straight.
bashing" on West Island. Sunday night is dedicated toa
grand drag show. Each pack is allowed to grab as many
mortals as it wants and dresses them up in outrageous outfits.
The terrorized humans are paraded around the Garage
dance floor and judged for poise, costume originality and
how loud they can scream (falsetto is preferred). The mor-
tals are then forced to fight it out A la Dynasty, mimicking
the catfights between Joan Collins and Linda Evans. Those
who perform the best are allowed to leave; the rest are

devoured in a late-night repast.

Sebastien Goulet

By the 19th and 20th centuries, the richest citizens of
Canada grew up in the "Golden Mile" estates. Sébastien Goulet

was no exception. An only child, he was treated like a prince.

His parents, however, played the roles of rich social butterflies,

and he was raised under the guidance of tutors and nannies.

Montreal by Night

he react
berty,
develor
interest
and
learned
duce th
honed h
becomir
with pe
playing
that hi:
manded
changed
returnec
with a k
Andrew
ately fel
tried to
sensing
Sébastie
Ma
enterpr
himself
buried i
them i

and tray
his sire
returne

Sél
using
them

educate
men a
Sébasti

scen

Im
hasane
perfect |

Re

is infec
educat«
ever yo
notan

Se
behind
Clan: (
Nature
Demea
Genera
Embra


rging | astien grewup learninghow
| emotionally. When

a the } he reached pu- *

chine j berty, he

Riots. | developed an

stien | interest in men

rey." Jand quickly

> last learned how to se-

che duce them. Sébastien

>and honed his personal skills,

yare becoming adept at flirting

oven with people while still ()
bers' | playing the social role@ @&
bians | that his parents de-
| manded of him, However, his
| changed forever when his parents
returned froma Moroccan vacation
hem- with a beguiling guest, Marcus C.
jena Andrews. Sébastien immedi-
their ately fell for the stranger and
irs at tried to seduce him. Andrews,
nda sensing the game, outdid@ e @
real's Sébastien by seducing both of the boy's parents.
| Marcus tutored Sébastien, who proved to be a very
| enterprising student. It wasn't long before Marcus revealed
himself to be Sabbat and brought Sébastien across. He was
alde buried in a grave along with his mortal parents and fed on
alin | them in order to escape. He then took his family holdings
acks and traveled the world as Marcus' consort. By 1955, tired of
The his sire and eager to strike out on his own, Sébastien
land returned to Montreal and joined the Mattachine.
Sébastien still plays seduction games, but now enjoys
st a using straight men and seeing how far he can manipulate
lair. them into falling for him. He retains his boyish charm and
ght- educated manner, so he is rarely unsuccessful. It takes most
toa men a year or two, but they eventually come around.
lany Sébastien then abandons them, watching from behind the

ifits. scenes as they deal with what they have become.

tage Image: A well-dressed, clean-cut young adult, Sébastien
and hasan easy smile, raven-black hair, sparkling green eyes and the
hor- perfect physique. He wears the trendiest prep-school fashions.
ting Roleplaying Hints: You are self-confident. Your smile
lose isinfectious, even seductive in its casualness. You are well

are educated and eloquent and know that you could bed whom-
ever you choose, regardless of their sexual orientation. It is
not a matter of overconfidence, simply fact.

Secrets: Sébastien suspects that Pierre is the brains
behind Les Orphelins.
Clan: City Gangrel antitribu
Ee Nature: Child
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Generation: 7th (raised from 8th through diablerie)
Embrace: 1942

o‘e

Apparent Age: Early 20s
Physical: Strength 3,
Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4,
Manipulation5,
o@Appear-
ance 5
e@Ment
ception 3,
Intelligence 4,
Wits 3
Talents: Acting 4,
Alertness3, Dodge
* 52, Empathy 4,
Intimidation 3,
* Intrigue5,Lead-
@ ership 2, Seduction 5,
*Sense Deception 3,
Streetwise 4, Subter-
fuge 4
Skills: Carousing 5,
Dancing 4, Drive 2,
Etiquette 4, Firearms 5, Style 4
@. Knowledges: Area Knowledge
(Gay Village) 3, Bureaucracy 3, Computers 1,
Finance 5
Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 5, Obfuscate
4, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Influence 2, Resources 5
Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3, Morale 2
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 7
Willpower: 6

: Per-

‘A

Disciplines:

3, Presenc

Caroline Bishops

Background: Like so many teens who are unable to
cope with brutality at home, Caroline we

a runaway.
Fleeing to the streets of New York, she became an easy target
for the chicken hawks who watched the bus terminals. She

failed to see the yellow van that followed her, and had no
time to react when she was pulled inside. The next few

ea blur of drug-induced hallucinations and a
whirl of featureless men who brought only pain.

Caroline underwent forced prostitution until she got
pregnant and was stricken with several different venereal
diseases. Then her life took an even worse turn. The men who
sold her to a client. Although in a drug-induced
stupor, Caroline remembers a filthy and dimly lit room, a

pimped he

masked doctor with bloodied surgical garb and fingers that
melted into various

haped scalpels and blades. To her horror,
she cannot remember beyond the point of the doctor spread-
ing her legs open and squatting down to peer inside her.
Caroline emerged from her Creation Rite in the care of
the Mattachine, who seemed to be under orders to protect her.
Despite her loss of memory, Caroline's new existence gave her

Chapter Five: Covens


the grace, powerand beauty that she never had asa human. She
also realized that she felt more comfortable around women,
even to the point of not wanting to feed off men anymore.

eemed to be doing well until 1993, when she
began suffering from a recurring nightmare about the myste-
rious "doctor." She awoke repeatedly in a bestial state and had

Caroline

to be monitored on several occasions as she regained her
Troubled by her dreams and the distorted faces of
children that appeared in them, Caroline moved to Montreal
in hopes of getting help from the Shepherds. The Mattachine,
though reluctant to let her leave, agreed when Sébastien

Goulet promised to watch over her
Caroline is currently being helped by Céleste, one of
skilled in

Vicissitude and that her nightmares stem from a vile preg-

the Shepherds. Caroline suspects that her sire

nancy spawned by him. She has kept this a secret from
everyone, including C

Image: Caroline has shoulder-length, strawberry-blond
hair, very petite features and piercings all over her body.
When she'

show off her body work, to the point of walking around

around other women, she wears clothes that

topless at Heaven and other liberal gay establishments.
Roleplaying Hints: You are uncomfortable around
most men outside your pack, This is not a weakness; you
have simply seen what depravity most men are capable of.
You tend to flirt with women, but you aren't flighty. You
have a good mind and are sharp with details. Most women
consider you a good listener.
Secrets: The pregnancy.
Clan: Pander
Nature: Autist
Demeanor: Praise-Seeker
Generation: | 1th
Embrace: 1989
Apparent Ag
Physical: Strength 3
Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, @¢
Manipulation2, Appear-
ance 4
Mental: Perception3,
Intelligence 3, Wits4
Talents: Acting 1,
Alertness 2, Brawl 4,
Dodge 3, Scan 4,
Seduction 2

®.

Streetwise 4
Skills: Bribery 2,
Drive 3, Fast-Talk 1,
Firearms 2, Fire Walking4, J
Repair 2, Security 3
Knowledges: Com-

puter 2

3 me

Montreal by Night

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Potence 3, Vicissitude 1
Backgrounds: Allies (Mattachine) 3, Mentor (Céléste) 2
Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 5, Morale 3

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Harmony 4
Willpower: 6

Alex Camille

Background: The stereotypes of a gay lifestyle are, sadly
enough, often embraced by gay men. Alex came out faster
than he could handle and bought into the whole mentality of
gay life, including its worst misconceptions. He confused his
need for stability with sexual yearning and frequented bath-
houses to compensate for his emptiness. Within a year, he had
contracted AIDS. Alex proceeded through the typical stages
of coping with a life-threatening disease. Denial came first,
and he continued his sexual activities.

Anger came next. Embittered toward a community that
he believed was responsible for his affliction, Alex began
sleeping with men in an effort to infect them with the virus.
He did it all; sex in washrooms and saunas, quickies in alleys
and porn theaters, and cruising in the streets and parks.

As the symptoms of his disease worsened, Alex hid in the
comfort of his anger and resorted to S&M. Alex's partners
rarely returned after their initial encounters, and his reputa:
tion attracted the attention of Sébastien. He heard of Alex
through a local BBS that catered to the gay community.

After finding Alex at one of his bathhouse haunts,
Sébastien spent an entire evening exploring the young

man's body and psyche. Alex was, in Sébastien's opinion,

prime material for his coven.
s after Alex became Sabbat tha
occurred. Spared death through the Embrace, he saw

It we a curious thing

the people die whom he deliberately infected. He saw

the pain he caused. While Sébastien laughed

offthe entire matter, Alex could not. He had
regained his humanity.

Alex now secretly helps the
gay community by acting as its
guardian angel, watching over it
and ensuring that
Sébastien's pranks
never get too brutal,
He has even taken to
atrolling the streets
and parks.

Image: Alex exudes
an air of tragedy. He is
=) sullen' and'avoide eye cout
tact for fear that other
abbat will see the compas:

sion and regret in his eyes. His
brownish hair was thinning as

he apr
still be

R
the pa
that th
atonet
now m

longer
Clan: |
Natur:
Deme:
Gener:
Embra

Talent:
macy 2,
Skills:

Knowk
Lore 1,
Discipl
Backgr:

Willpov

Ez
Su

The
Montrea
presente
enough t
attracted
and The
the wise

25:

Abs
Are
Lery
The

I'ms

I scan

Ezekiel's


adly
ister
ry of
| his
ath-
had
ages
rst,

that

irus.
leys

ithe
ners
uta-

\lex

nts,
ung
ion,

ing
saw
saw
hed
had

the
s its
er it
hat
nks
ital.
nto
eets

ides
le is

he approached death, and he looks thin for his build. His skin

still bears sores and scars from his infection.

Roleplaying Hints: Avoid eye contact. Never reveal
the pain you have caused others. The Sabbat were right in
that their immortality is a blessing; for you it is the road to
atonement and the renaissance of your morality. You are
now more human than you ever were, and the Sabbat is no
longer meant for you. Chicago sounds nice.

Clan: City Gangrel antitribu

Nature: Honest Abe

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1988

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Diplo-

| macy 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 4, Repair 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Gay Village) 5, Camarilla
Lore 1, Computers 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 2, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Retainers (all local
gays) 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Sel
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Ezekiel and His
Supporters

The return of Sangris' childe Ezekiel has electrified

Control 3, Courage 4

Montreal. A bold and powerful force for change, Ezekiel has
presented himself as the only candidate strong and skillful
enough to restore the city to greatness. So far, Ezekiel has
attracted support from the wildest packs — Les Orphelins
and The Wretched — but his leadership is also attractive to
the wise and cautious vampires of the city.

25:17

Absolution and a frozen room

Are the dreams of men below

I try to grab it but the torch is hot

The mirror collapses, but the image came not

I'm scared of the darkness in the light

Lscare myself because I know I'm right

— Ministry, "Burning Inside"

Dynamism and determination best describe the pack
25:17. While Montreal contains a number of older Sabbat,
15:17 stands as the herald for the young. What makes
Exekiel's coven so different is that although it embodies the

strength, loyalty and freedom of the Sabbat, it does so
without the chaotic mindlessness that characterizes other
packs. The members of 25:17 are not rebels without a cause,
but crusaders and holy warriors. Their ambition and loyalty
to the sect have made them guardians of the Sabbat and its
ways. Ezekiel and his followers believe it's their responsibil-
ity to lead their brothers and sisters to glory, and Montreal
is the first step on that path.

In the mid-1980s, Ezekiel and Soldat, Ezekiel's mentor,
created 25:17. It became one of the leading packs during the
1991 attack on Chicago. Soon after the war, Ezekiel was

called back to Montreal to testify at the trial of his sire
Sangris. After his sire's execution, Ezekiel was determined to
claim what he believed to be his deathright — the archdio-
cese of Montreal. Despite Ezekiel's determination and
ambition, his motives have never been selfish. He is driven
by the desire to lead the Sabbat into a new golden age.
The actions of 25:17 over the past few years have led
many to label the pack Loyalist, but the truth is very
different. Members of 25:17 have, on a number of occa-
obeyed what they perceived to be weak
ctions, however, have always resulted in

sions, directly d

orders. Their
gains for the Sabbat, sparing them from punishment. The
coven understands that Gehenna rapidly approaches. The

ackmates see this as a time for action, not debate. The

at needs to prepare, to groom leaders. This attitude
puts 25:17 squarely in the Sabbat ultraconservative fac-
tion

Since the coven's arrival in Montreal, it has become
the most active and vocal faction against the appointment
of Carolina Valez. The pack believes that Montreal should
be led by those who are fit, not by those appointed by
cardinals who have lost touch with the Sabbat. Les Orphelins

and The Wretched openly support Ezekiel's plans for the
Others, including a number of packs from
of the Black Brood (which
stafarious Black), secretly
ekiel has avoided resorting to force to

archdiocese.
New York, such as the Disciples
is led by Ezekiel's progeny Ch
back 25:17. So far, E:
take power, knowing that it is only a matter of time before
Valez makes a mistake.

The real threat to 25:17 comes from the Shepherds.
Their age, connection to the Inquisition, and the popular
belief that Montreal is their city makes them 25:17's
greatest rivals, even if not outwardly. Ezekiel bides his time,
waiting for an opening through which to strike at the
Shepherds.

Lair
Upon his return to Montreal, Ezekiel established 25:17's

lair in Ravenscrag, a 19th-century mansion that was used as
an insane asylum until the late 1960s. Ravenscrag is located
just above McGill University in the Golden Square Mile
near the Royal Victoria Hospital. Ezekiel has opened part of
the home as a nightclub, Angel's Fall.

Chapter Five: Covens


Rites and Practices
Vindication: 25:17's rites involve challenges that force
members to overcome their personal weaknesses. Once a
year, every coven member has to prove her strength, worth
and determination to her fellows. During the Vindication
rite, the member is impaled ona large pole and left to hang.
As the pole slowly passes through her heart, she must utter
her deeds and accomplishments that honor her coven.
Overcoming the pain involves great will and faith in one's
abilities. Those who fail to vindicate themselves are left for
the unforgiving sun.

Ezekiel,

Lord of Montreal

Background: When Sangris
was publicly convicted of
infernalism during the Inquisition,
he knew that the one thing that would
redeem his soul was his childe Ezekiel.
Ezekiel was the one

Sangris believed tha
good thing that could never be taken
from him. The young mortal spent a
numberof years by Sangris'side, slowly
learning the ways of the Sabbat. His
Creation Rite was one of the most elabo-
‘ate ceremonies that the Sabbat of

Montreal had ever witnessed —eveng
Cardinal Strathcona attended. o

When Ezekiel rose from his grave
the following night, a profound change
hadovercome him. Hisyouthfulnaiveré
and innocent charm were replaced
by a dark intensity. The Shepherds
acknowledged him that night, and
Raphael, in a moment of lucidity, pro-
Ezekiel's future would shine like a dying s

Ezekiel's early existence was spent under the wise
tutelage of the Librarians; he learned the ways of the Sabbat
and Cainite history. When his studies permitted, he fol-
lowed his sire, learning the ways of power. Sangris was more
than a father or mentor; he was the embodiment of power
and destiny for the young Serpent. Sangtis, aware of his
childe's almost unnatural ambition and adoration, forced
him to join the Black Hand to protect the childe against
demonic influence. The night Ezekiel departed for his
training in the Black Hand was the last time he saw Sangris
as Archbishop of Montreal.

As a member of the Black Hand, Ezekiel accepted a
number of suicide missions and earned aname for himself as
a ruthless fighter and shrewd leader. Ezekiel, Soldat and
their Black Hand circle were responsible for destroying a
number of Chicago elders during the Sabbat-Lupine-
Camarilla war in the early ‘90s. After the war, Ezekiel
returned to Montreal to testify at Sangris' trial. During the

@ claimed that

trial, Ezekiel was found innocent of corruption, but was
present when Sangris was convicted of infernalism and
apparently perished in flames. Ezekiel was deeply hurt by
Sangris' betrayal, but ultimately understood that his sire fell
because of the current weakness in the Sabbat. Since that
day, he has vowed to lead the Sabbat away from bickering
and infighting, back to the glory it had during the Anarch
Revolt. Now, Ezekiel and his pack have returned to Montreal
to claim the destiny that is his.

@ Image: Ezekiel has the body of a 16-year-old
boy. His limbs are lithe and strong. His face
expresses adult experience and childhood
innocence. Yet, his dark eyes and skin
make him both alluring
and intimidating.

Roleplaying Hints:
An inner power exudes
from you, a presence
even youropponentscan
_= _ sense. Youare
ambitious, de-
termined and
intense, acon
bination
which could
propel you to
greatness or
plummet you
to hell. Speak
inalow voice, fore:
ing others to hang on
your every word.
Secrets: Ezekiel's
tenure away from Montreal has put

o'@
.

vantage. He only knows who the

Ezekiel suspects that DeSoto, the former inquisitor, wantsto
destroy him as DeSoto did his sire. Both Soldat and Pierre

ing Ezekiel prosper, but are

Bellemare are interested in
unaware of the other's influence over Ezekiel. This deadlock
has allowed Ezekiel to forge his own path. If pride does not
blind him, his future in the Sabbat may be bright.

Clan: Serpent of the Light

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Plotter

Generation: 8th (Raised from 9th through diablerie)
Embrace: 1981

Apparent Age: Mid-teens

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Dream-
ing 1, Intimidation 4, Intrigue 4, Leadership 5, Style 4,
Subterfuge 4

100 Montreal by Night

Skil
3,M
Kno
Kno
2,K
Disc
Obfi
Quir
Bacl
Men
Stat
Virt
Path
Will

Ss

War
abov.
Roar
dead
keep
years
hang
Benj
Sabb:
Sabb:
I
the ri
he joi
but re
tobe
twod
has th
Serpe

lect,
his to

I
impre
standi
feet te
face is

and fir
by sh«
length
hair. $
know.
wearin
era pai
a

leathe
someti
of bag
them d
and pa

was
and
t by
> fell
that
ring:
arch
treal

old
face
100d
skin
iring

ints:
des
ence
scan
ware
s,de-

and
com-
ion
ould
ou to
; or
F you
peak
forc-
g on

kiel's
As put
o the
mes.
nts to
ierre
it are
dlock

s NOt

ream-
yle 4,

Skills: Blind Fighting 2, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Fire Walking
3, Melee 5, Research 3, Stealth 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Montreal) 3, Black Hand
Knowledge 4, Clan Knowledge (Assamite) 1, Investigation
1,Kindred Lore 2, Occult 2, Politics 4, Sabbat Lore 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Dominate 3, Fortitude 3,
Obfuscate 2, Obtenebration 2, Potence 3, Presence 5,
Quietus 2, Serpentis 4

Backgrounds: Allies (New York packs) 4, Black Hand
Membership 2, Pack Recognition 4, Resources 3, Sabbat
Status (bishop) 3

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 2, Morale 5

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 7
Willpower: 8

Soldat

Background: Benjamin Harris returned from World
tion: empty, bitterand
Even years later, during the
Roaring ‘20s, Benjamin couldn't silence the voices of his
ilead comrades, A loving family man, Benjamin tried to
keep his dark side in check. He finally caved in exactly 10
years after his return. That night he killed his family,
hanging his son and daughter and burning his wife alive.
Benjamin vanished into the night with the police and the
Sabbat (who were impressed by his deeds) hot on his tail. A

Warl like so many of the Lost Gener:

above all else, disillusioned.

Subbat Gangrel named "Nacy Tare" got to him first.
Benjamin's anger and aggression were sublimated by
therituals and purpose of the sect. Calling himself "Soldat,"
he joined the Black Hand « vat
but refused to live up to his leadership potential, preferring
tobe a follower. Soldat was one of Ezekiel's mentors, and the

d dutifully served the Sabt

twodevelopeda close friendship. Soldat believes that Ezekiel
has the potential to better the Sabbat. In turn, the young
Serpent appreciates the Gangrel's keen intel-
lect, which lies beneath o

his tough exterior.

Image: Soldat isan
impressive figure,

standing over six
feet tall. His
face is strong
and firm, framed
ty shoulder
length blond
hair. Soldat is

known for

wearing WWI-
era pants and @»
a brown
leather trench coat. He
sometimes carries a set
of bagpipes and pla
them during war parties
and pack rites.

Roleplaying Hints: You play the part of the soldier.
Your demeanor and actions are bold and dashing. Never
back down froma fight, but don't go in blindly either. Under
your stern exterior, you are a shrewd thinker, always plan-
ning to turn matters to Ezekiel's favor. Although you refuse
to admit it, you have the potential to be a skillful leader and
may someday decide that your time has come.

Secrets: Soldat occasionally meets with Archbishop

Valez in hopes that she and Ezekiel can come to an under-

standing without resorting to war.
Clan: City Gangrel antitribu
Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Survivor
Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1929

Apparent Age: Early 30s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Instruction
4, Interrogation 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Blind Fighting 4, Drive 2, Firearms 4,
Fire Walking 3, Melee 5, Repair 3, Research 3, Stealth 4,
Tracking 4

Knowledges: Alchemy 2, Archaeology 3, Black Hand
Knowledge 3, Camarilla Lore 3, History 4, Investigation 2,
Linguistics 2, Occult 2, Sabbat Lore 3

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 3, Dominate 3, Fortitude 4,
Obfuscate 3, Potence 4, Presence 3, Protean 5
Backgrounds: Allies (Black Hand) 3, Black Hand Mem-
bership 4, Contacts 3, Sabbat Status 1

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 5, Morale 4

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 6
Willpower: 8 »

Reza Fatir,
* the Dark Angel

Background: Reza Fatir is the
newest member of 25:17. He was in-

doctrinated into the Sabbat and the
@ pack during the war for Chicago.

Reza's and Ezekiel's first encounter
proved almost fatal for both. They stood
on opposing sides; Reza was under con-
tract to search out and destroy

Sabbat operatives in Chicago.
Ezekiel and 25:17 escaped Reza's fi
attempt to destroy them and a game of

cat-and-mouse ensued, each taking
turns at being the hunter. In the end, it
was Ezekiel who surprised the
Assamite, and a duel began that
lasted the entire night. As both
rivals exchanged blows, their re-

eee

weeny


spect for each other grew. Ezekiel tried to enlighten Reza to
the purpose of the Sabbat, telling Reza between blows that
he was whoring himself to the Camarilla while his clan
suffocated under the yoke of the Treaty of Tyre.

Rezatried to remain true to his mission, but the Serpent's
words struck home. Reza thought of the ancient glory of
Alamut and of how the Camarilla had indeed sold itself.
Reza made his decision.

Assunrise approached, Reza fought ferociously. Ezekiel's
determination was no match for Reza's discipline and skill,
and within a few minutes, Ezekiel lay helpless. Without
saying a word, Reza vanished, allowing Ezekiel to live.

The following night, Reza tracked Ezekiel down and
offered his services to the Serpent and the Sabbat. Ezekiel
accepted both. Reza's Creation Rite was a long and drawn-
out affair — it tested Reza's physical and mental limits. The
ceremony culminated with the destruction of Rez re.
The Assamite has been loyal to Ezekiel ever since, grateful
to the Serpent for opening his eyes to the truth that so many
Assamites have ignored.

Image: Reza's features are distinctly Middle Eastern.
His hair is short except fora long braided ponytail that is tied
with gold rings for each of his kills (there are 23). Reza wears
suits that lend him a simple, yet powerful eleg:
war parties and crusades, he wears traditional robes.

ance. During

Roleplaying Hints: In many ways you are the spiritual
leader of 25:17. Your quiet and contemplative ways often
contrast the coven's flashy nature. You are soft-spoken,
often quoting from the Qur'an and offering wisdom to those
who are willing to listen. In combat, you are brutal, fierce
and efficient.

Clan: Assamite antitribu

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1924

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Inter-
rogation 3, Intimidation 3, Scan 2, Search 3, Streetwise 2,
Style 2

Skills: Acrobatics 3, Archery 3, Blind Fighting 3, Disguise
2, Escapology 2, Firearms 5, Fire Walking 2, Meditation 5,
Melee 4, Security 2, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Track 3, Traps 2
Knowledges: Black Hand Knowledge 1, Clan Knowledge
(Assamite) 3, Investigation 3, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Sabbat
Lote 3, Theology 2

Disciplines: Celerity 4, Dominate 2, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate
3, Protean 3, Quietus 4

Backgrounds: Black Hand Membership 2, Pack Recogni-
tion 3, Resources 5

Virtues: Callousness 2, Instinct 4, Morale 5

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Honorable Accord 6
Willpower: 9

Notes: Unbeknownst even to Reza, he is not susceptible to
the Blood Bond. Asa result, he has no Vinculum ratings for
any Sabbat. His feelings of loyalty for Ezekiel are genuine,
not induced through blood.

Yasmin the Black

Background: Yasmin, an archaeology student, was
involved in a dig in eastern Lebanon when her party came
across an ancient tomb. Unbeknownst to her, Marnius, the
British Tremere antitribu and backer of the project, was
searching for the lair of Sukhmet, an ancient Follower of

Set. The antitribu used the archaeologists to uncover the
tomb and chose to reward them with death. As Marnius and
his packmates killed the mortals, Sukhmet rose from torpor
and attacked the Sabbat war party. He would have destroyed
them all had Yasmin, ina panic, not staked the ancient with
Marnius seized that opportunity to leap on Sukhmet
and drained him until only ashes remained. Marnius Em-
braced Yasmin right there, sealing her and the surviving
archaeologists in the tomb. The following night, she arose

ashov.

with Marnius' and Sukhmet's blood running through her
veins. Ina frenzy, she devoured her coworkers and dug her

way to the surface where Marnius awaited.

Inthe years that followed, Yasmin traveled with Marnius,
learning of and developing her Thaumaturgical abilities. She
eventually left Marnius, joined the Black Hand and quickly
rose through the ranks given her Thaumaturgical expertise It
was during this period that Yasmin met Ezekiel. At first she
disliked him, but she soon grew to understand the Serpentand
se of her
interest in discovering who Sukhmet really was. Yasmin hopes
that after Ezekiel becomes Archbishop of Montreal she willbe
allowed to join the Librarians and finally learn the history of
the mysterious Methuselah.

agreed to join his pack. She did so primarily b

Image: Yasmin plays up her mystic image. She wears
dark-hooded robes adorned with symbols and markings. She
possesses a mysterious and exotic beauty; her naturally red
hair contrasts with her almost yellow eyes, which she never
blinks.

Roleplaying Hints: When you speak, do so in a low
for they are the

whisper. Never let anyone see your eyes
andae.toyollnesul

Secrets: Yasmin's dreams have forced her to witness
things that would make most vampires, even the Sabbat,
cringe. She knows that Sukhmet met his end, yet in the back
of her mind has doubts. Many of the visions she has end with
Sukhmet rising upon Gehenna and devouring her. This
only strengthens her desire to discover as much as she can

about the Setite so that she can determine if her nightmares

represent her unconscious fears or a dark reality.
Clan: Tremere antitribu
Nature: Architect

Montreal by Night

Dem
Gene
Emb
Appa
Phys
Socia
Ment
Tale
thy 1
Skill
Medi
Knov
Histo
3, Sp
Disci
2, Th
Thau
Lure

Thau
Back;
Presti
Virtu
Path
Willp


le to
us for
fing

_ was
came
s, the
, was
er of
r the
sand
orpor
royed
with
hmet
Em-
iving
arose
h her
ig her

rnius,
s. She
tickly
ise. It
st she
itand
of her
hopes
vill be
ory of

hears
s. She
ly red
hever

a low
e the

itness
ibbat,
tback
with

This
ecan
mares

Demeanor: Director
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1958

Apparent Age: Early 20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Dreaming 5, Empa-
thy 1, Leadership 2, Sense Deception 2, Subterfuge 3

ills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Herbalism 2, Hypnotism 3,
ation 2, Melee 3, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Archaeology 4, Astrology 3, Astronomy 3,
History 3, Linguistics 2, Occult 4, Sabbat Lore 3, Setite Lore
},Spitit Lore 2, Toxicology 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 1, Presence
1, Thaumaturgy 5

Thaumaturgical Paths: Corruption 3, Gift of Morpheus 2,
lure of Flames 3, Movement of the Mind 3, Spirit
Thaumaturgy 3, Weather Control 5

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Black Hand Membership 3, Clan
Prestige 3, Herd 1

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3, Morale 3

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Death and the Soul 5
Willpower: 8

‘
Les Orphelins
...By the pricking of my thumbs,
Something wicked this way comes.
— William Shakespeare, MacBeth.

Formed at the end of World War I, Les Orphelins
(‘The Orphans") has always been linked to Montreal's
most violent elements. The packmates have adopted
the style of a biker gang and are responsible for a
e major turf war between the mortal Hell's
Angels and Rock Machine gangs. Car
bombings and restaurant shootings are
@ coming more and more common in
Montreal.

The original pack members were orphans

who, once Embraced by their common sire
Louis le Monstre, desired to cause as much de-
struction as possible. The pack has never had

~ | trouble absorbing new members, choosing
them from among the poor and hopeless who
"look for a way to fight back, Of the pack's

¢ original members, only Pierre Bellemare remains.
* Below the surface, Les Orphelins are the pre-
miere example of the rot that has crept into the
Sabbat of Montreal. A tool of the infernalist
Bellemare, the pack's brutali

y and seemingly pre-

" serve as a cover for Pierre's efforts to
corrupt.
Lair
Les Orphelins maintain a lair in an abandoned oil
refinery in E:

st End Montreal. The mass of rusted pipes,
twisted buildings and towering tanks is surrounded by high
al tanker trucks re-
n in working order in the refinery garage, ready for
"special occ

fences topped with barbed wire, Sev
fai

ions." The pack often holds hunts on its lair
grounds, trapping mortals in the metal maze and welcoming
fellow Sabbat to join the merry chase.

Rites and Practices

Rite of Charybdis: Les Orphelins practice most of the
standard Sabbat rites, but take their greatest joy in violent

games. They have also developed the unique multipurpose
Rite of Charybdis (also called the "Whirlpool"). It involves
two or more vampires biting into each other's wrists and
drinking each other's blood. As each drinks, blood flows
from one to the other and back again, forging a powerful
Vinculum. The rite can also serve as a Monomacy Rite —
in which each vampire tries to consume the other's blood

fi

ce

t than his opponent — or as a way to test mortal

indidates. Humans who try to keep up with a feeding
vampire prove their strength and undergo the Creation
Rites. The Whirlpool is also a very effective way to spread
the diseases that taint Pierre's blood.

Pierre Bellemare

To most, Pierre Bellemare is a successful Sabbat war-
rior, He is lethal in combat and tough as nails, but primarily
a simple-minded ruffian. In reality, he uses this image to

A

Chapter Five: Covens


hide his manipulative ways, goading his opponents

into acting as he wishes and initiating subtle plots and
strategies. All is done in service of his master, the demon
Metathiax.

When mortal, Pierre survived an outburst of smallpox
in 1922, after wishing with all his heart that his family be
taken by the dis happy to
oblige. After his Embrace, Pierre heard the voice of the

instead of him. Metathiax was

demon while slumbering in his grave. He was offered strength

and power if he would spread chaos in the city in service of

the Decani lord. Pierre accepted without hesitation.

Bellemare has spent the years since his creation build-
ing a reputation for violence. All his rivals and enemies

meet dark fates — as did Louis, his sire, who fell into a

Camarilla trap during a raid in 1939, Pierre also helped

foster the weaknesses of various archbishops, ensuring that
their exposures would cause damage to the Sabbat. All the
while he has subtly encouraged attacks on churches, distrust

of the Shepherds and a growing lust for violence.

During the trial of Sangris, Pierre came under suspicion
for having survived the Setite poisoning, but was eventually
granted an ad cautelam, a document proving his "innocence."
Since then, he has created cults of corruption in the city and
has seduced the Malkavian antitribu Midget to his side. Using
Midget, Bellemare has entered discus
of Quebec City, hoping to bring them into conflict with the
Shepherds. Such a war would weaken Montreal's one faction

sions with the Tremere

that has enough power and expertise to harm Metathiax (were
the Shepherds to ever uncover the truth of the demon).
After losing the opportunity to raise his generation to
Sébastien Goulet during a war party in Ottawa, Pierre has decided
to attack the Queens of Mercy. He has found excuses to engage

two of Goulet's childer in Monomacy duels. The Queens' de-
struction would undermine the Shepherds and aid the cause of
Beekicl, Pierte's chosen candidate to reign over chaos,
Image: Pierre dresses in black leather and rides a
Harley. His mass
tattoos, and his eyes hide behind dark glasses. His right
= e band has a pistol tattoo along the palm and index
fingers which he points at opponents before Willem
them, whispering, "Bang. You're dead."

ve arms and bald head are covered with

Roleplaying Hints: Always seem to jump to con-
clusions and call for violence at every turn. Goad
others into acting; make them do what you want by
urging them to do the opposite.

Secrets: Pierre has his finger on the pulse of the
city. He knows of the hesitation of Archbishop Vales,
the ambition of Ezekiel, and the hubris of the Shep-
herds. Only the rebellions in his own pack seem beyond
Pierre's notice.
Clan: Brujah antitribu
Nature: Plotter

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 9th (raised from 12th through diablerie)
Embrace: 1927

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,
Intrigue 3, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Repair 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Demon Lore 3, Linguistics 1, Medicine 3)
Occult 3

Disciplines: Celerity 4, Dark Thaumaturgy 5, Dominated)

Fortitude 4, Potence 5, Presence 4

Thaumaturgical Paths: Fires of Inferno 3, Pestilence 5,
Secret Knowledge 2

Backgrounds: Allies (cultists) 5, Contacts 4, Pack Recog
nition 4, Resources 3

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 3, Morale 3

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Evil Revelations 8
Willpower: 8

Notes: Pierre has the following Demonic Investments:
Smell Fear, Hell-Skinned and Master of the Domain (the
refinery). His blood is infected with virulent strains of

smallpox, diphtheria, cholera and hepatitis which infect
s die

the mortals whom he feeds upon (although the dise:
out after they spread to a few mortals).

Cairo the Lost Knight
Background: Knight Inquisitor Elisa Karini arrived in
Montreal in the aftermath of Sangris' trial to search out any
hidden accomplices. While Krieg, Elisa's Nosferatu antitriby
partner, simply appeared in the city as a nomad, she infil.
¢ Zarnovich, assuming the

trated the circus of the Tzimis

Montreal by Night

!
the \
place
natel
Elisa'

I

of tor

ner. |
Mont
instir
a swa
Pierre
andr
and y

I
Thau
ment
week
last tl
a few
chalk
expos
spreat
her e
DeSo

I
hair v
Cairo
and d

I
tough
tear i
the su
the w

‘

Meta
to cor
of Pie
Clan:
Natu
Deme
Gene
Embr
Appa
Phys
Socia
Ment
Taler
Intert
2, Str


eens' de-
e cause of

1 rides a
red with
His right
ad index
e killing

p to con-
n. Goad
want by

se of the
op Valez,
1e Shep-
| beyond

rie)

ation 4,
5

alth 3
icine 3,

inate 4,
lence 5,

Recog-

tments:
\in (the
rains of
1 infect
s die

rived in
out any
intitribu
ie infil-
ing the

La ee

alias of "Sonya, Mistress of Illusions." A follower of the Path
of Cathari, Elisa also took advantage of her visit to learn
from the Widows.

As the months passed, Elisa entered the dark world of
the Widows and her duties as an inquisitor took second

| place to her quest for enlightenment as a Cathar. Unfortu-

nately, Pierre Bellemare was ready to take advantage of
Elisa's distraction.

Pierre uncovered Krieg's identity in 1993. After 13 days
of torture, the Nosferatu surrendered the name of his part-
ner. Pierre then lured Elisa to the ramshackle house in Old
Montreal that hid Metathiax's Blood Circle. Her inquisitor's
instincts re-surfaced too late, and she was overwhelmed by
aswarm of diseased rats. Not content to kill his victim,

Pierre drew on the power of the Decani to rot Elisa's body
and re-formed it. The demon's power also chained her soul
and will, turning her into Cairo, the perfect slave.

Pierre never realized that Cairo was a skilled
Thaumaturgist. She has spent the years since her imprison-
ment loosening the chains around her soul. The pack's
weekly Vaulderie strengthens Cairo's bondage, but for that
last three months she has worked herself relatively free for
afew nights a week. Not yet strong enough to actively
challenge her tormentor, Cairo is trying her best to subtly
expose Pierre's infernalism and stop his corruption from
spreading. She is desperate to get to Ezekiel to warn him, but
her efforts have been inexplicably thwarted by Santiago
DeSoto.

Imag.
hair with a stocky Riot-Grrrl
Cairo dresses to complement her lord, wearing black leather

+ Pierre replaced Elisa's lithe form and long black

me and shocking red hair.

and dozens of body piercings.

Roleplaying Hints: Following Pierre's orders, you are a

tough-as-nails Sabbat. As long as Pierre demands it, you @

tear into whomever antagonizes you or your pack. Below
the surface, you long to free yourself and continue to learn'
the ways of the Cathar Widows.

Secrets: Cairo is familiar with the location of
Metathiax's Blood Circle, knows of the demon's plans
to corrupt Ezekiel and has experienced the full extent
of Pierre's perversity.

Clan: Ravnos antitribu

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1953

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
arisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Interrogation 4, Intimidation 3, Search 3, Sense Deception
1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3, Throwing 3

Skills: Blind Fighting 2, Disguise 2, Drive 2, Fast Draw 3,
Firearms 3, Fire Walking 3, Melee 4, Repair 2, Security 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Demon Lore 3, Finance 2, Investigation 4,
Linguistics 3, Occult 4, Sabbat Lore 2, Wyrm Lore 1
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 3, Chimerstry 5, Fortitude
3, Obfuscate 1, Potence 2, Thaumaturgy 4
Thaumaturgical Paths: Spirit Thaumaturgy 4
Backgrounds: A\llies (inactive links to the Inquisition) 4
Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 5, Morale 1

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Cathari 5

Willpower: 9

Notes: Cairo's slavery makes it difficult for her to use most
of her subtler powers, especially when under orders from

Pierre. She does, however, employ Chimerstry to simulate
an attack with a small flamethrower.

Sister Evelyn, Pack Priest

Background: Evelyn Marlowe came to Montreal in
1994 to attend to the affairs of her murdered aunt and

grandmother and to find her missing brother. When the
police (infamous for their lack of zeal in investigating crimes
in the black community) told her that there were no

suspects in the brutal double-murder and no leads to finding

her missing brother, Evelyn investigated by herself. She
found evidence of hidden inhabitants at the Douglas Hos-
pital (see "Les Mis
Sabbat bar, Angel's F:
tion of quick thinking and the judicious use of firearms.

bles") and made a journey to the

I. She survived through a combina-

hapter Five: Covens


As word of Evelyn's exploits filtered down to the commu-
nal haven, Pierre argued strategically that she should be
destroyed because she thought she was "as good as the Sabbat."
This motivated the patriotic Marie-Héléne to give Evelyn the
chance to defend herself against the accusation. Evelyn was
Embraced by Marie-Héléne. Pierre awaited above her grave
with her Embraced brother Robert. Pierre told Evelyn that
Robert had been saved from a mad vampire, but was difficult
to control. He claimed that he needed her help to calm and

train her brother, and he welcomed her into his pack.

Evelyn followed the Path of Power and the Inner Voice,
and drifted from her sire because of language issues. Pierre was
more than happy to allow Evelyn to become pack priest, but
only after she destroyed Philippe La Peste, a childe of Pierre's
who exhibited too many symptoms of the di
blood. As for Robert, he was destroyed during a particularly
violent pack outing. Evelyn suspects that Robert was elimi-
nated deliberately.

s within his

Evelyn realizes that Pierre manipulated her. Indeed,
sheis

convinced that her pack and perhaps all the Sabbat in
the city are somehow corrupt. Unable to trust her own kind,
Evelyn
vampires from Ottawa, hoping to find a way to lash out at
Pie velyn is still loyal to the Sabbat itself, but fears that
she may be forced to join the Camarilla to es

as accepted two invitations to meet Camarilla

ape Bellemare.

Image:
her head. Her chocolate-colored ey

along black trench coat and shaves
es glow in the moonlight

velyn wear

Roleplaying Hints: You issue commands quickly and
sharply, and do not criticize others unless doing so is con-
structive. Beneath the surface, you seethe with anger at the
man who manipulates you.

Secrets;

=velyn is aware that her pack is more than it

appears and that Cranston of Ottawa has other

mpathizers
in Montreal. She has yet to discover who they are.

Clan: Ventrue antitribu

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1995

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Intrigue 3, Leader-
ship 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Meditation 3, Melee 2, Police
Procedure 2, Repair 2, Stealth 2 ice
Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 1, Computer 2, Investigation 4,
Ling! 's 1, Occult 2, Politics 4, Sabbat Lore 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Fortitude 1, Dominate 3, Presence 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Sabbat Status 1
Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 3, Morale 3

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Power and the Inner Voice 5
Willpower: 8

The Wretched

Surely there is nothing more wretched than-a man, of all
the things which breathe and move upon the Earth.

— Homer, The Iliad

The Wretched was born from the drive of the Tzimisce
Stéphanie L'Heureux to push the envelope of vampiric
evolution. In 1980, she left her sire Zarnovich's side to
1e her goals, recruiting the bloated Nosferatu antitriby
the Whale. Both vampires realized that they wete
changing into things beyond simple Embraced humans
They also understood that the concerns of other vampires
were mostly the vestiges of their mortal lives. The two
christened their pack the "Wretched" and dedicated them-
selves to pursuing their personal quests to discover the true
nature of the vampire. In 1984, araging City Gangrel named
"Spider" joined the Wretched. Together they continue to
explore the limits of inhumanity. Their exploits have gained
them respect among Noddi

's, Necronomists and Tzimisce,
They support Ezekiel as the only candidate likely to builda
sect of "true" vampires.

Lair
In 1992, the Wretched took over an abandoned down:

town department store and made it their lair. They have

sealed the six-story building and created a large open space

that's crisscrossed by the building's support beams and many
platforms. Part of the basement is still used as a passageway
to the Place Montreal Trust and Les Cours Mont-Royal
Malls, and the Wretched sometimes feed on lonely shop-
pers. The lair houses Stéphanie's laboratories, Elias' extensive

library and Spider's "web" of razor wire.

Rites and Practices

The Crucible: Stéphanie has created a truly unique
Thaumaturgical ritual that requires her to prepare a cup of

her own refined vitae. Those who drink the mixture tempo-
situde and find theit
bodies transforming to match their self-images. The rite is

ous use of Vi

rarily gain subcon

and whenever a member
feels ready to "evolve." This unique ritual has gainel
Stéphanie the respect of the city's other Tzimisce and has

performed upon entering the pac

given her opinions weight.

Stephanie LV' Heurewux, Pack Priest

Background: Stéphanie first came to the attention of
her sire, Maciej Zarnovich, when she was hospitalized for
extensive third-degree burns suffered when she set her
family home ablaze. The inhuman pleasure she took in the
fire intrigued Zamovich. Not only did the flames fascinate
her, but she remembered being burned as a moment of
ecstasy. The Tzimisce circus-owner Embraced her upon het
release from intensive care.

sib:

mo
wit
anc
wo!
flar
Poy
goa
bec
var

bor

sert
pro
fea

tali
wit
Sak

tior
Mo
Cle
Na
De
Ge
Em
Ap
Phy
Soc
Me

106 Montreal by Night

1, of all

ampiric
side to
ncitribu

were
umans.
impires
he two
|them-
he true
named
inue to
gained
imisce.

build a

down-
y have
space

[many
geway
Royal
shop-
ensive

nique
Sup of
mMpo-

their
rite is
mber
ained

d has

st

on of
d for
t her
a the
inate
nt of
n her

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Leadership 3

Skills: Body Alteration 4, Fire Eating 3, Fire

Walking 5, Melee 2, Torture 3
Knowledges: KindredLore 4, Medi-

ecine3,Occult4,Science3, Tzimisce
Knowledge 3

ciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 2,
Fortitude 4, Thaumaturgy 4, Vicis-
situde 6

Thaumaturgical Paths: Elemental Mas-

tery 4

« Backgrounds: Allies 3, Clan Prestige 2,
@ Pack Recognition 4, Sabbat Status 1

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3,
" Morale 2

@ Path of Enlightenment: Path of Power and

* the Inner Voice 7

Willpower: 6

Entranced by the pos- ft) be @
sibilities of Vicissitude, Stéphanie? , @
molded her body and dreamed of melding

with the flames she loved. She first served as a contortionist
er in her sire's freak show. She even

and later as a fire-
wove steel bands into her flesh to toughen it against the
flames she adored. Stéphanie also started down the Path of
Power and the Inner Voice. Learning to pursue her own
goals above all else, she felt compelled to leave the circus

because Zarnovich put the transformation of mortals above
vampiric evolution. However, she has never broken her
bond with her sire.

Image: Stéphanie looks utterly inhuman. She has in-
serted metallic strips into her skin, which appear as shining
protrusions at her joints. Her face has become almost
featureless; her mouth and eyes are mere slits.

Roleplaying Hints: You are inhuman and above mor-
tality. You long to combine the fire that burns within you
with the fires that burn in the world. You respect only those
Sabbat who are trying to reach their ultimate forms.

Secrets: Stéphanie recognizes Ezekiel's limitless ambi-

tion and instinctively knows that he is ready to destroy *

Montreal to satisfy his desires.
Cla
Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 7th (lowered from 8th through diablerie)
Embrace: 1965

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

: Tzimisce

A Elias the Whale

© * Background: Master of the sewers of
Montreal, Elias the Whale is the bloated kingofadank and

 vilerealm, Embraced sometime in the 1960s, Elias made the

sewers and rivers of Montreal his home and remained largely
an outsider to the sect until Sangris recruited him into his pack
of snake-hunters. After the destruction of Jérar, Elias came to
realize that there was more to know about himself and his
world, and he embarked upon the Path of Caine. He came to
feel that the true nature of Caine's progeny hid under layers of
habit and humanity — layers that had to be stripped away.
Elias found a kindred spirit in Stéphanie and the two formed
the Wretched to pursue their goals. Elias has amassed a wealth
nd has contributed several

of knowledge from secret soure
important finds to the Librarians' collection.

Elias and the Shepherd Sabrina have recently em-
barked on a twisted courtship. Elias is more than happy to
use Sabrina to gain access to Shepherd secrets.

Image: Apparently obese when he was Embraced, Elias
has spent much of his unlife underwater, becoming even
more bloated and deathly pale. The Crucible has only
increased his size and given him webbed hands and ex-
tended feet like a seal's. Elias' form is so huge that he must
use Potence to walk upright.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a hunter to the core. You
use your mastery of the sewers and underground to pursue
your prey with a sinister pleasure. You are also a scholar and
seek to understand your predatory nature.

Secrets: Elias has followed Muse about as she sings to
the sewers, and he has found that the feral creatures that live
under the mountain seem to obey her.

Clan: Nosferatu antitribu
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Bravo

Chapter Five: Covens


Generation: 12th
Embrace: 1967
Apparent Age: Unknown

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 1, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0 Tl
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3 pe
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4 Dodge 1, Intimidation 4, thi

Streetwise 3, Swimming 5

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Fishing 4, Meditation 2, Research 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 3, Tracking 4

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (the Underground City) 5,
Kindred Lore 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 3, Sewer Lore 5
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 1, Fortitude 3, Obfus-
cate 4, Potence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Pack Recognition 3
Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 4, Morale 2

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Caine 7
Willpower: 7 ie
Spider Za
Background: Born Jimmy Smythe, Spider emigrated ® ‘@ de
from Jamaica as a small boy. As he grew older, he realized he ap
was attracted to men but could not accept his "deviant fil toon @leH allow him eo lina va
feclings," and instead he became a bully and womanizer. perch like a real spider. Spider carries a weighted barbwire R
Eventually, he crept into the Gay Village and picked up street lash that he uses to snare his prey. a
hustlers to satisfy his physical needs. It was this behavior that Roleplaying Hints: You are not human —-notarall Van a
attracted Sébastien Goulet, who had elways, taken: great gi feal che longing for viiem young men. Youdo nobdeat sp
pleasure in "outing" people like Jimmy. Within year, Jimmy the hoy down the street. You do not i
was coming to the Village every week to have sex with Gans Cley Ga geal ankiribu ee
Sébastien. The Gangrel finally thought his protégé was ready Npatres Autict ™"
forthe Embrace in 1984and took himduringanorgyofsexand yes neanors Byavo
blood. yaar oe
ace cd Bie : : Generation: 9th S
Sébastien didn't know that Jimmy tortured himself with Embrace: 1984 M
self-hatredeverytimehe wenthomefromthe Village. Sébastien Apparent Age: Late teens ih
revolted Jimmy, and the childe experienced his most potent physicals Strength: 3, Dexterity (due to the Crucible) 6 st
frenzy when confronted with hissire. Sébastien barely survived Stamina 3 a
the attack. Jimmy embraced his frenzy—hisanimal aspect—  gg¢ial: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance :
as protection against his desires. He replaced the longing for (gtherwotldly) 4 ‘
malearms with the need tohunt andkill andhecalledhimself  fentals Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4 .
"Spider." His rejection of humanity attracted the attention of Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Intimi- ig
Stéphanie and Elias, who brought him into their fold. dation 3/'Seduction 1, Streetwise 2 oe
Spider's desires come to the surface when he is alone. Skills: Animal Ken 4, Blind Fighting 2, Fire Walking 3, y
Hestalks attractive men, attempts to seduce them,andthen Melee 4, Stealth 5, Tightrope Walking 4 8
forces himself on them, He feeds from these vessels (andhas Knowledges: Area Knowledge (rooftops) 4 on
even goneas far as Embracinga few) and thendestroysthem Disciplines: Animalism 3, Celerity 4, Fortitude 2, Obfus- Ur
in fits of savage shame and self-hatred. A victim occasion- cate 1, Protean 4, Vicissitude 1 bs
ally escapes, and Spider has difficulty hunting him down Backgrounds: Retainers (ghoul rats and spiders) 4 sae
without the help of his packmates. Virtues: Callousness 4, Instinct 5, Morale 1
Image: The Crucible has made Spider long and inhu- Path of Enlightenment: Path of Cathari 5
manly flexible and has darkened his chocolate skin toa Willpower: 4
shiny hairless black and has made his eyes a similar color. th
His Wolfs Claws now manifest as sharp hooks at the ends a
Montreal by Night


band

bwire

I, You

desire

le) 6,

ance

timi-

ng 3,

bfus-

The Outsiders

Some packs and covens refuse to be classified or aligned.
These Sabbat stand outside the city's polarized politics, and
perhaps they are more aware than most of the dangers that
threaten the city,

Zarnovich's Circus

Outside

The circus gathering

Moved silently along the rainswept boulevard.

The procession moved on, the shouting is over:

The fabulous freaks are leaving town

— Dead Can Dance, "The Carnival is Over"

Zarnovich's Circus was founded in 1826 by Maciej
Zarnovich. It was one of the Sabbat's most potent weapons

Je in Europe during the 19th century
Zarnovich's Circus was a collection of some of the most
deranged, psychotic, exotic and deviant vampires that the

against the Masque

sect had to offer. The circus traveled across the continent,
setting up on the outskirts of cities and towns while Bratovitch
children handed out flyers and announced their arrival.
Audiences were treated to a show they would never forget,
nd ultimately
shattered their sanity through a number of dark and perverse

as Zarnovich and his menagerie tormented ¢

spectacles. The insane mob was then released into the local
city as the circus packed its bags and disappeared into the
night.

In 1856, Adginis, a Camarilla Justicar who had been
tracking the circus for some time, ambushed it and destroyed
every member save Zarnovich. The circus-master fled to
Montreal where he turned_his attention to conducting
experiments for 60 y
circus in 1933. Since then, the circus has terrorized
Camarilla cities in New England and Canada.

rs — until he decided to reform the

Forming a fairly close nomadic pack, all circus mem-
bers respect each other as artists. Zarnovich is the pack's
priest and leader and gives his followers the freedom they
need to pursue their art forms.

N

The circusis presently looking for new members. Lavour,
a Tremere antitribu fortune teller, and Goliath, a Brujah
antitribu strongman, both disappeared in the past year,
Unknown to all, Midget — a circus member — is
responsible for their disappearances; they were made
sacrifices to Midget's infernal master, Pierre Bellemare

Lair

The circus travels across North America during
the summer months, setting up shows for unsuspect-
ing Camarilla and morte

audiences, as well as the

Sabbat. While on the road, circus members are protected °J
bya dozen Bratovitch revenants, each of whom is promised §

a virgin wife for each show. During the winter months, the

circus uses La Ronde, Montreal's abandoned amusement
park, as its lair. Zarnovich's tent is the circus' largest and is
made from patches of painted human leather. Inside, red

candles barely illuminate numerous tables and tools of

torture. The walls are lined with shelves stocked with glass
jars that contain Zarnovich's failed experiments — the
fetuses, newborn babies, human limbs and body parts that
he uses for his "creations." The other location of interest is
the lair of Tears the clown. It's a house of mirrors that's
designed to mimic its inhabitant's passion for emotior

Maciej Zarnovich, the Angel of Cruelty

Background: Maciej 7
and was interested in medicine from an early age, especially

novich was born in Poland

in its potential to overcome death. In school, he quickly
discovered how crude contemporary medicine was. He
started conducting his own experiments in order to prove
his theories, and he was eventually jailed for the murder of
one of his patients. When he was released, Zarnovich set up
shop as astreet physician, which is how he met his sire. The
Embrace opened Zarnovich's eyes to the world and granted
him a new understanding of death,

Zarnovich established his circus and traveling show,
allowing him to conduct experiments and weaken the
Masquerade. Being an outsider all his life, he attracted other
side.

outcasts to his

Zarnovich has been conducting experiments on chil-
dren and the elderly for the last 30 years. The sounds of
chains, saws and delirious screaming can be heard from his
tent as he grafts limbs and other objects onto his victims'
bodies, even going so far as to create Siamese twins by


sewing children and animals together. Zarnovich uses Vi-
cissitude to mask stitches and makes these "creations" his
newest attractions.

Image: Zarnovich has had his limbs stretched and
altered by Vicissitude, giving him a tall, gaunt — not to
mention disturbing — appearance. His face is extremely
hollow and has a well-defined bone structure over which his
flesh stretches. He always wears black to hide the bloodstains
on his clothes, but the smell of formaldehyde about him is
unmistakable.

Roleplaying Hints: Anyone who comes close to you
feels hisskin crawl. Contact with yourcold and sinewy hand
has been known to send Sabbat into frenzy. When you
address others, do so in an impersonal manner, refe

ring to
them in the third person. They are nothing more than
specimens to you.

Secrets: Surprisingly, Zarnovich knows more about
Montr
ations" out to spy. Zarnovich's agents learned of the growth

in Caroline Bishops

than most think, and he often sends his "cre-

Zarnovich is unsure whether to ap-
proach her to offer his help or simply to kidnap her. Whatever
he decides, he knows that Stéphanie L'Heureux, his prog-
eny and leader of the Wretched, will be jealous, so he must
keep his plans secret from her.

Clan: Tzimisce

Nature: Perfectionist

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1819

Apparent Age: Mid-50s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Body Alteration 5, Dodge 2,
Empathy 4, Intimidation 5, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Animal Training 2,
Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Stealth,2,
Torture 5

Knowledges: Anatomy 4, Biology 4,
Camarilla Lore 1, Clan Knowledge
(Tzimisce) 3, Investigation 3, Kindred

Lore 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 5, Occult 3,

Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 3, Science 4

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 4, Dominate 3,
Obfuscate 2, Obtenebration 1, Presence 2, Vicis-
situde 6

Backgrounds: Clan Prestige 4, Pack Recog-
nition 3, Retainers (his creations) 5, Sabbat@ #
Status 2 >
Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3, Morale 2 @
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Death and the Soul 7
Willpower: 7

Notes: Zarnovich's "creations" are inhyfnan combinations

of animals and children. Some hays

wings and animal
heads; others can alter their bodies té squeeze through small
holes. All have developed the/first level of Obfuscate,
allowing them to hide. Their only drawback is limited
intelligence. Zarnovich usually has to use Auspex and
Animalism to understand what they have witnessed.

Midget

Background: Midget is a mere 4'1" tall and relishes in
the gawks and leers he gets from people, No one knows
where or by whom Midget was Embraced. Zarnovich found
him in the 1970s, and Midget has been a member of the
circus ever since. Midget is an outsider among outsiders. He
rarely attends his pack's rites and has shared in the Vaulderie
only twice. Midget also has the habit of disappearing for

long periods of time, when no one, not even Zarnovich's
creations, can find him.
Zarnovich mii

‘akenly attributes his covenmate's er-
ratic behavior to his Malkavian nature. Unbeknownst to
all, Midget is a follower of the Path of Evil Revelations and

a faithful servant to Pierre Bellemare. He is setting up acult

for his master and gathering the tools his master needs.
Midget also serves as an intermediary between Pierre and
the Tremere of Quebec.

Image: Midget's short body is completely out of propor-
tion. His arms and feet are different lengths; his face is
a

mmetrical; his left eye is larger then his right; and his

mouth is off-center, which gives him a perpetual grin.

eo

Montreal by Night

dre

Sk
Ste
Kn
Dis
nat
Bac
Vir
Pat
Wi
No

Sm

his
feve
dise

the
ized
Jad
mas
ject
( evel
and
Tea
Eml
His
Tea

join
the'

° med

nen|
sho


ions
imal

mall

in
ows
und
the

or-
2 is

his

Roleplaying Hints: You have a bitter hatred for the
Sabbat. Though you liked the circus and didn't mind the
Sabbat then, all you can think of now is the torture they put
you through. Your unknown sire must have Embraced you
out of cruelty. You will make all the Sabbat pay

Clan: Malkavian antitribu

Nature: Autist

Demeanor: Varies between Conniver, Deviant and Cur-
mudgeon

Generation: 11th

Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Phy: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Empathy (chil-
dren) 4, Intimidation 2, Mimicry 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge
3

Skills: Escapology 3, Pick Pocket 4, Sleight of Hand 3,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Demon Lore 2, Occult 2, Toxicology 3

Disciplines: Dark Thaumaturgy 1, Dementation 4, Domi-
nate 3, Obfuscate 3, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies (members of the cult) 2

Virtues: Callousness 2, Instincts 2, Morale 1

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Evil Revelations 4
Willpower: 4

Notes: Midget has the following Demonic Investments:
Smell Fear and Invisibility to Animals (which is why
Zarnovich has not been'successful in tracking Midget with
his creations). Midget is infested with cholera and yellow

fever, and he is responsible for recent outbreaks of the

diseases.

Tears, the Twisted Pierrot
Background: Tears is one of the few to have survived
the Widows' passions. He wasa male prostitute who special-
ized in B&D and was approached by The Rose and Creamy
Jade for a night of passion and games. Instead of being the

master, Creamy Jade turned him into the slave and sub-
jected him to the most degrading and vile of acts. As the
evening progressed, Tears' mind came close to shattering
and Creamy Jade hadn't even used Dementation on him. As
Tears stood on the brink of death, Creamy Jade decided to
Embrace him because she had never taken a childe before.
His Creation Rite was both painful and pleasurable, and
Tears enjoyed the Widows' love for the following weeks.
Sensing that the Cathari might tire of him, Tears
joined the circus, hoping that distance would endear him to
the Widows. Tears is a clown par excellence, an artist whose
medium is human emotion. He has had his face perma-
nently altered by Zarnovich into that of a dark pierrot. Tes
show takes his audience ona journey of incredible intensity;

using Dementation and Presence; he instills every possible
human emotion until the crosvd either goes insane or
becomes catatonic.

Image: Tears is the ultiphate pierrot. His chalk-white

face is dotted with two red tears that fall from his left eye. His

black-colored lips are permanently set through Vicissitude,
with one side in a leering smile and the other in a frown.
Tears wears a black satin suit and white bloodstained ruffles
around his neck and hands.

Roleplaying Hints: Your mood determines your re
tion to those you meet. You enjoy playing with others'

emotions, making them feel the emotions that they desire
and fear the most:

Clan: Toreador antitribu

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1982

Apparent Age: Late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talen\ s apathy 5,
Mimicry 5, Seduction 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Ventrilo-
quism 4

Skills: Melee 2, Music 3, Stealth 3, Torture 3
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Occult 3,

Acting5, Artistic Expression 4, Brawl 2, E

ience 3
Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Dementation 5, Domi-
ence 4

Backgrounds: Allies (Widows) 3, Retainers (his assistants) 2
Virtue:
Path of Enlightenment: Path of
Willpower: 7

Les Miserables

Oh dear, this calls for a very special blend of psychology
and extreme violence

 Callousness 3, Instincts 2, Morale 4

— Vyvyan, The Young Ones

Les Misérables was founded in 1690 by Preacher and
Carlyle, two Malke
Hospital for the Insane (later Douglas Hospital) was opened

n_antitribu. When the Prot

ant

in Montreal, the two Malkavian comrades split their coven
in two, and both groups called themselves Les Misérables.
The factions maintained friendly relations until Janu-
ary 9th, 1927. Cedilia of the Tongue, one of Carlyle's coven
sisters and a potent infernalist, burned down the Laurier
Palace Cinema

an offering to her demonic keeper. The
sacrifice must have been well received, because the resulting
conflagration killed 77 children.

The Shepherds launched an investigation into the

affair and it wasn't long before they tracked the crime ba

to Cedilia. The Shepherds also discovered that one portion

Chapter Five: Covens


of the split coven had been compromised to infernal powers.

Carlyle and the rest of his cronies were subsequently de-
stroyed by the Sabbat Inquisition, though Cedilia was never
found. Preacher and his coven were found innocent of any

diabolical dealings and were allowed to remain at Douglas
Hospital as Les Misérables.

Since that time, little has affected Les Misérables, with
the exception of its leader's disappearance. With
Preacher's absence since the October Crisis of 1970, ®@
thecovenhasbeen underconstant threatofbreakup.
Carolina Valez is exploring the possibility ofdishand-
ing Les Misérables and assigning its members to other
covens. For now, however, the covenmates are treated

with as much respect as any Sabbat.

Lair
Les Misérables' lair has been Douglas Hospital for 116
years. Prior to the asylum's opening as the Protes

ant Hos-

pital for the Insane in 1890, the area was a 110-acre property
known as "Headley Farm."

While their initial control of the hospital grounds was
limited, Les Misérables enjoyed a golden age during the ‘20s
and 30s. A shortage of staff for the hospital's 800 patients
allowed many inmates to slip through the cracks and vanish

into the "care" of the coven.

The coven's heyday ended after a mad spree from 1950
to 1956, when its members Dominated the resident doctors
Les Misérables

to sanction the lobotomies of 140 patient:
lost a great deal of control over the staff when Preacher
disappeared.

Today, Toy and Skin are the only Cainites left in a
hospital complex of 35 buildings and 1000 inpatients.

s to

Although he has access to most buildings, Skin refi
approach the Community Psychiatric Center (CPC) since
the opening of the "Brain Trust," Canada's first storage
facility for brain tissue. The center also serves as a research

clinic for biological psychiatry, behavior modification and
the study of mental abnormality.

Between the CPC's souped-up security system and its
emotionless black-suited goons, Skin has wisely decided to
steer clear of this portion of the hospital. It is better that he
does so; the Technocr:
antics of vampires, and the New World Order is not known
for its sense of humor.

Rites and Practices

Les Misé
invites himself to those of other covens. He is usually

icy doesn't care for the demented

‘ables has no established rites, but Skin often

welcome
Skin

Born Alexandre Prouville, Skin's sole mortal dementia

was a hypochondriacal delusion. He believed that his genu-

as long as he brings Toy along for fun.

ine skin disorder was

‘aused by insects living under his flesh,

bly disfigured. His parents, unable to deal with his problem,
handed Alexandre over to Douglas Hospital. His treatment,
however, didn't come from doctors, but from the brutal
administrations of Les Misérables. They used Dementation
to foster his delusions and gave him X-acto knives, ice picks
and screwdrivers to help dig out those annoying pests.
Preacher spent many a night howling in unison with
Alexandre.

When Preacher finally decided to Embrace his protégé
he wrapped himselfup in his student's delusions, augmented

them, and then reveled in the bloodbath as he and his
paramour took to excising the insects. By the end of the
orgy, when Alexandre
sheared away his own face

close to death and he had all but

, Preacher took him.
As a member of the Sabbat, Skin still believes that
insects live under his skin. He constantly picks and prods at

his gaping wounds — a major reason why others can't stand
being around him. Skin is the nominal leader of Les
Misérables, but maintains that his status is temporary until
Preacher returns. His best friend is his stepsister Molly 8.
Image: Skin is a walking mass of ragged flesh, exposed
muscle and open wounds. He can overwhelm the staunchest

of constitutions.

Roleplaying Hints: While you suffer greatly from all
the insects that crawl over your raw organs, you are still
compassionate when it comes to helping the ill. If someone
has stomach problems, you know it has to do with battery
acid seeping into her guts. What better way of draining that
sucker than grabbing a hose and going directly for the
problem? You hate headaches, though. They're itches that
need to be scratched, but clothing hangers never seem to do
the job.

e
and his attempts to root them out left him horri-

Montreal by Night


ull
Il

le

Secrets: Skin has a painting by the Shepherd and
inquisitor Zhou, which he has "borrowed" and modified.
The piece, one of Zhou's secret Taoist maps that leads to one
of his ledgers, is a painting of the interior of Place de la
Cathédrale mall.

Clan: Malkavian antitribu

Nature:
Demeanor: Caregiver

Optimist

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1965

Apparent Age: Unknown

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0

4, Wits 2

apathy 4, Leadership 1,

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligenc
Talent
Sense Deception 5, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Escapology 4, Lock Picking 3, Melee 3, Pick Pocket
4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Medicine 1

s: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, E

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dementation 4, Dominate 2, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 2
1erd (Douglas inmates) 5, Retainers (Dou-

Background:
glas staff) 3
Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 1, Morale 2
Path of Enlightenment: Path of Cathari 4
Willpower: 6

Not
delusions. Skin's Dementation ability — Mind Tricks — is

Skin suffers from hypochondriacal and schizophrenic

subconsciously tied to his delusions and centers around the
insects he believes are inside him. His power is always on
and always affects him and those nearby. People swear to
have seen his skin bulge and shift and to have seen
insects emerge from his flayed flesh and rush into his
nose or mouth.

Toy
Background: Nothing is known of
the completely feral Samedi known as

save that he failed his Cre-

"Toy

ation Rite sometime before 1800 and,
that he lay in torpor in his grave,
until 1852. Toy's Embrace was
more likely a joke than anything®

is born without arms

orlegsand was thereby unable
todig his way out of his grave.

never givena test comparable to his abilities. Aftera great deal
of badgering (and some suspect the use of Dominate),
Strathcona agreed to retest the diminutive Samedi.

Toy was brought out of torpor and put in a toy chest
along with another vampire who was undergoing the Cre-
ation Rite. After an hour, the chest was reopened and Toy,
half-floating in a pool of blood and gore, was declared the
winner. He thus earned his nickname and has been kept
ever since by Les Misérables as a "national treasure."
led up
every night until feeding time. Les Misérables sometimes

Toy still rests in his box, completely insane, sea

use him to send neonates through their Creation Rites, but
none have survived.

Image: Toy
grime and chunks of flesh cake his face and clothing. His

is a Samedi quadriplegic. Filth, blood,
mouth is filled with razorlike teeth

Roleplaying Hints: Imagine a rage-driven, decompos-
ing monster without the capacity to express his fury due to
missing limbs. Toy is much, much worse.

Muse

Background: Muse is one of the few enigmatic Sabbat to
survivea Creation Rite on Mount Royal. Thought tohave been
Embraced prior to 1800 by a Daughter of Cacophony named
Rita Du Mare, Muse vanished until 1847 when she was found
in Pointe Saint-Charles, feeding on the victims of the typhus
epidemic (6000 immigrants died between 1847 and 1848).

Muse's eyelids were fused shut through unknown means and
could not be opened despite repeated attempts. She never spoke
nge, soothing lullaby. Few realized
w

aword and only hummedas

that Muse was one of Metathiax's servants. Her e re sealed

toensure that she never witnessed the evil nature ofher

demonic keeper. Her
power to soothe \

as
® sed by the Decanito
keep his herd of tortured
creatures from becom-

ing completely
bestial
Musew
Preacher's care un-
til1851,whena
July fire de-
stroyed a

putin

4

quarter of

When the  Saint-
Antoine Cemetery was dug'
up and moved in 1852, the
Sabbat exhumed those vam-

pires who never survived
their rites. When 7
Preacher managed to convince Arch-
bishop Strathcona that the Samedi was

by was found,

Montreal

She vanished

duringthecon-
fusion, but was

seen multiple
times at

various
quarantine sta-
e @tions during the


cholera epidemic of 1854 and the typhus epidemic of 1918. It
was later theorized that Muse may have been responsible for
spreading various diseases across Montreal.

It was only in 1981 that Elias the Whale rediscovered
Muse wandering through Montreal's sewer system. Muse
was again taken into the fold of Les Misérables, but this time
was allowed to remain in the sewers (except when partici-
pating in Sabbat rites). Elias believes that she may have
liveda good part of the 20th century by hiding in Montreal's
underbelly.

Muse spends her nights singing softly and wandering
through the underground of Montreal. Elias, who watches
out for her when he can, st

spects that she is singing lullaby
to the sewer system. As far as he can tell, she believes it is
somehow alive, and she issinging to keep it fromawakening.
This thought frightens him — it may not be the sewers that
she keeps asleep, but something inside them.

The one mystery that confounds Elias is Muse's change
of clothing. He doesn't know how, but Muse currently wears
the flesh jacket that Véronique La Cruelle made from the
Setite Moise
jacket to Muse as a gift after he turned Véronique into one
of his bestial thrall:

Elias doesn't know that Metathiax gave the

Image: Muse is a beautiful woman despite the grime

that cakes her face. Her hair is honey blond under its mat of

filth. Her clothing is always tattered and torn. Muse's eyes
are permanently fused shut (Vicissitude is suspected), and
‘lias has covered them with a ted bandanna. The Cainite-

leather jacket that Muse wears was last seen worn by
Véronique La Cruelle on the night of the Setite attack in
1975 when the then-archbishop disappeared.

Roleplaying Hints: Muse does not react to her envi-

ronment

; she merely hums the same melody over and over
again. Any hostile actions taken against her do not change
the tune, merely the pitch of her voice.

Secrets: Muse sings to keep Metathiax's creatures in
etly guarded by Leperhead, the Black

check, and is se
Spiral Dancer.
Clan: Daughter of Cacophony
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Loner
Generation: 11th
Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: Late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Empathy 5, Intimidation 5, Mimicry 5, Singing 5
Skills: Survival 5

Knowledges: Sewer Lore 5

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Melpominee 5

Virtues: Callousness 1, Instincts 5, Morale 5

Path of Enlightenment: Path of Harmony 3

Willpower: 5

Camarilla
Valois Sang, the Watcher

Background: In a city like Montreal there are plenty of
shadows in which to hide, and Valois Sang makes use of
them. On a mission for his site, the Tremere Prince of
Quebec City, Valois is in Montreal to gather as much
information as he possibly can and to ascertain the Sabbat's
weaknesses, if any.

Valois, a psychiatrist in life, quickly rose through the

ranks of the Tremere hierarchy. His mission in Montreal is
a test of his newfound status. Having arrived only a few
months ago, he has established himself in a secluded man-
ion in Westmount tha
Valois is in contact with Marie-Héléne, a member of the
Lost Angels who has secret designs for Montreal. Valois is
ate Marie-t
to the Tremere mission.

hasa commanding view of the city.

under orders to elimi Sne if she poses a threat

Aside from testing the Sabbat's strength, Valois is
charged with discovering all he that can about the mysteri-
demic
ablishing a secret chantry, he will look for
and possibly other Camarilla Kindred, to aid

ous presence of Metathiax. His research has been 2
so far. After es
other Tremere
him in his task.

Image: Valois is rather attractive; his eyes are ice-cold
and his blond hair is always tied in a ponytail. He wears
simple, conservative suits.

Montreal by Night


ging 5

aty of
ise of
ce of
nuch

bat's

1 the
cal is

few
nan-

Roleplaying Hints: You are best described as cold and
clinical. Nothing escapes your keen, analytical mind.
Under your stern exterior you are deeply pas-
sionate, yet you are afraid to express this side *
of yourself.

Clan: Tremere
Nature: Critic
Demeanor: Director
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1982
Apparent Age: L:
I: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4,Dodge2,Empathy 2, = <i>
Intimidation 3, Intrigue 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4 e
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Hypnotism 2,
Research 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 5, Kindred Lore 3,
Medicine 4, Occult 4, Politics 3, Psychology 4, Spirit Lore 4
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 2, Necromancy 3, Obfus-
cate 1, Presence 3, Thaumaturgy 4
Thaumaturgical Paths: Lure of Flames 2, Movement of the @ @ @
Mind 3, Weather Control 2, Spirit Thaumaturgy 5 e
Backgrotindst Contacts (medi¢al community) 3. Herd {, 0 @ @
Resources 4, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7

Chapter Five: Covens



apter Six:
The

Chronicle

"And this also," said Marlow suddenly,
"has been one of the darkest places of the earth."

— Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness

The joy of creating an original story is one of the
highlights of the storytelling experience.' The pages of
Montreal by Night are peppered with story hooks and id
that should provide more than enough material to create a
chronicle set in the city. Yet, getting started is always
daunting. Stories involving Montreal should emphasize its
Black Dog nature, making use of the subtle and pervasive
corruption that festers in the city. Storytellers, however,
should be careful not to give in to excessive violence and
depravity; the horror and evil of Montreal are best kept
elusive and mysterious.

Breaking Through
Welcome
to Montreal

When designing a chronicle set in Montreal, you, the
Storyteller, must decide how to involve the characters

If the characters' pack is already established, there are a
number of ways that you can lure the characters to Montreal
(where they will inevitably get caught up in various Cainites'
machinations). The most obvious device to attract the
characters is the Litany of Blood celebration. Most Sabbat
attend at least once every few years. This option not only
allows you to introduce the characters to Montreal, but toa
number of other prominent sect members. Although the
festivities are largely patriotic, intrigue and deception are
abundant, and those characters willing to look deeper into
their surroundings may discover that all is not well in
Montreal. The wealth of information contained in the
Alexandrium Library could also attract established Sabbat
characters, particularly scholarly ones or those interested in
dark mysteries. The characters become privy to secrets better
left untold, and the price of knowledge is always high.

New packs might find themselves in the city at the
behest of Cardinal Strathcona, who stands to lose the most
if Archbishop Valez fails to hold the city. Strathcona could
instruct the characters to keep an eye on Valez and Montreal
and to report to him if things turn for the worse. The

Chapter Six: The Chronicle


characters may even be ordered to eliminate the archbishop _can. get and offer a guiding hand. Others, such as Les
rather than allow her to fail (amartyrwouldgive Strathcona Orphelins, play brutal games to weed out the weak. Once
a great deal of power in a city founded on faith). they are recognized as true Sabbat, neonates are allowed to
Chronicles in Montreal don't have to be basedon the —_join in the Vaulderie and other rites. ni
Sabbat, either (although Sabbat vampires will inevitably be an
involved in any story). Camarilla characters have a place in Into the Fold: th
the city, albeit an extremely dangerous one. The princes of 2 an
both Ottawa and Quebec City are interested in recapturing G tt I I d ba
Montreal. The city's Black Dog, Sabbat and infernal iden- e€ ng nvo ve St
tity could combine to tempt and corrupt the invading th
characters, transforming your chronicle from one based on Whether the characters are native or foreign to 6
retaking the city into one in which the characters fight for Montreal, they will eventually have to choose which politi-
their very souls. cal faction they support. A new coven attracts the attention A
A‘chronicle setin Montreal Gancelaobe based onnewly . ofthe three contending powere. Archbishop Valez keeps'a' 9) 2
Embraced characters. As far as they know, the Sabbat in ‘lseeyeon the characters, trying to judge whether they will 4,
Montreal don't have to face as many external threats ax tPPorther. Those who do support her find themselves well i"
Sabbar in other cities'doiThac means some Sabbat create conmected: bue Ezekiel proves/antagonistic to them. Fr
progeny with careless abandon, while others are very spe- The Widows might be willing to aid the characters — sic
cificaboutwhom theyEmbraceand put through theCreation _¢SP¢cially if they are interested in maintaining the city's zt
Rites. Childer are typically adopted by their sires' covensor _ Status quo. The Rose, always a silent power, rarely uses her ex
allowed to form their own packsafter they prove themselves __ title of bishop, but this may change if Ezekiel makes a
to be true Sabbat. For the first months of their existence, concerted bid for power. 4
newly formed pa are overseen by mentor packs. Mentor Pierre Bellemare sees all newcomers as potential tools pl
packs are not only responsible for running the initiates and usually attempts to corrupt the characters or use them én
through the gauntlet, but for instilling them with loyalty to further his plans. If the characters become involved with 4
and pride in their sect. Treatment of recruits varies from 25:17, Pierre will probably try to corrupt Ezekiel through the th
coven to coven. Some mentor packs are as fairastheSabbat unwitting characte en
In
fe
an
de
th
Jax
thi
m
bl
el
Zh
un
he
gu
Pe
th
th
pic
pa
fal
tm
lai
cu
ge
Ee

118 Montreal by Night


Les
Ynee
od to

n to
oliti-
tion

‘s—
ity's
s her

es a

cools
hem
with
ithe

The Mystery of Zhou

One of Montreal's Shepherds was a Taoist priest
named Zhou. Among his many passions were philosophy
and painting, which he pursued when he wasn't serving
the sect, He claimed that the contrast between these arts
and the violence inhereneto his Sabbat duties gave him

balance, Ultimately, he attracted few acolytes} Zhou's.

Shepherd comrades were more interested in their own
theories onthe soul, and other Sabbat. felt little need to
counterbalance their. violent ways

Before he was Embraced, Zhou was/a' Taoist demon
hunter. The Shepherdsidiscover

| Bmbraced and' put
Zhou through the Creation Rites because they' were
convinced he would make a valuable ally in the fight
against the demon Metathiax. They did not realize that
srdifig to Zhou's philosophy, vampires were also con-
Sidered "demons." Rather than destroy himselfasa paradox,
Zhoule
existence.

When Alfred Beni

tenure in the Inquisition, Zhou was chosen to take his

red to reconcile his life's mission and his undead

ri returned to Montreal after his

place. The threat of Metathiax was believed to have
ended with Sangris' death, but Zhou still advocated
vigilance. He claimed to know something of the demon
that other Sabbat did not, but didn't survive to share his
Knowledge (he reputedly perished while assaulting an
Infernalist nest in New York). His loss was a blow to his
few.students and the Shepherds.

Zhou, a Well-educated man on par with Christanius
and Beatticé of the Librarians, took great interest in
deciphering the ramblings of the Tremere antitribu Jacob
the Glitch. The Shepherds and Librarians agreed that
ifacdb spoke in a number of languages and dialects, but
that he tarely repeated a phrase or sentence. For many
months},Zhou studied transcripts of Jacob's past
blatherings, but came no closer to insight than anyone
else/was!

That changed during a period of his Divine Tide.
Zhou emerged from his violent ebb with a glimmer of
understanding concerning Jacob's psyche. The Shepherd
began piecing together phrases spoken indifferent Jane
guages: Latin with LatinyGreck with Greek, Persian with
PérsianwA pattern emerged + speéifically, Zhou gleaned
that/Metathiax still réighed oyer his ptison-island and
that Jacob rhe Glitéh'had somehowrbetome the mouth-
pied of the demon's fears and ahxieries!

Delving further into'Metathiax's psyche, and com,
paring Jacob's:ptophetic ramblings with, the seemingly
random names he spouted, Zhou discovered a frightening
truth. Zhou realized that Jacob was reciting the names of
landmarks and sites where. important events had oc/
curred. Familiar with feng shui (the Chinese art of
geomancy), Zhou discovered that Montreal was ina state

ofsupernatural flux. Ground elevations, hills lines, groves,
the sunrise, cloud formations and a myriad of other
naturally occurring phenomena indicated where the
island's yin and yang lay.

According to féng shui, opposing forces.in the land
manifested in the, White Tiger (yin), and. ‘the Azure
Dragon (yang). Any given stretch of lahdicontained the
veins, arteries and branches ofthese two creatuiés; Zhou
concluded that stieli "ley? lines ih Montreal were mobile
rather than fixedeThe only areas that remairied station-
ty, were nexus points Where:two lines interséctéd. Such
points included Saint Joseph Oratory, Notre-Dame Bal
silica, and other houses of worship. Mojiti@alsdas
spiritually imbalanced, and Jacob's ramblings indicated
where the land's ley lines had crossed, and woul¢ross.
When two points did meet, disaster befell those on the:
site.

This discovery convinced Zhou that Mérathiax was:
not only trapped on the island, but was expanding, his
circle of power. The demon's influence was strongest
where lines intersected, allowing him to possess mortals,
dainites alike.

and

Rather than announce his discovery, Zhou, fearing
and hid

the books throughout Montreal. He made paintings, to

infernal reprisal, recorded his findings in ledge!

mark his hiding places, to depict the imbalanéeyin the
sites where ley lines met, and to indicate the ley lines that
Metathiax had yet to corrupt. These paintings, which
s of least and greatest
maps to anyone who could understand Zhou's Tagist att.

contrasted path stance, became

Anyone who finds them and learns to interpret them 8
made privy to Zhou's discoveries, and leatné of the
greatest threat that Montreal faces: the continued exist-
ence of Metathiax.

Thankfully, Montreal's fate doesn't rest solely on
Zhou's journals and paintings. Zhou wasn't destroyed in
New York. He faked his own Final Death andwent into
hiding to continue investigating Metathi
drawing infernal or inquisitor attention. He escaped to
Haitiin hopes of finding the Malkaviarvantitribu Cedilia
of the Tongue. Aga former.acolyte of Metathiax, Cedilia
Knows the one seéret that eludes Zhou: the lodationof
Metathiax'gicénter of power, This sis»the point from
which the demon's¢ontrol spreads across Montreal, and
is. the nexus point of all of Moftreal's lines of power.

without

Molly 8, one of Zhou's former students), has discov-
ered: five.of her teacher's paintings. Skin, Molly 8's
half-brother, possesses another one (he stole it from his
sister). The remaining five paintings are hidden in gal-
leries across the city, Zhou knows where each is — with
the exception of the one that Skin has — and plans on
retrieving them.

Chapter Six: The Chronicle


Ironically, the Shepherds of Caine, who are possibly
the best suited to contend with the infernal powers in the

city, is one of the few packs that is outwardly hostile to peel
newcomers. The Shepherds consider foreign covens to be Ardl
potential threats to their vision of Montreal. Such narrow byt
vision may create aschism between youngand old Sabbat — leay
harkening back to the Anarch Revolt — leaving Montreal nefa
vulnerable to its enemies. es
Regardless of the ways in which characters become ol
involved in Montreal's events, they soon discover that more a
is at stake than political hegemony. The Shepherds may ha
discover Metathiax's plots and try to save the city before all Hot
is lost, taking extreme steps to do so. Alternatively, charac-
ters might notice Marie-Ange's odd behavior or even catch os
a glimpse of the stranger whom she hides in her lair, which ee
would expose the characters to the "tragic" tale of Sangris. Be
In order to survive either circumstance (or any other, for hu
that matter), the characters have to be willing to choose
their allies and abilities and to probe deeply into the cancer far-
that consumes the island and the Sabbat. the
Wi
for
Of Darkness to ‘
e the
Come: Taking w
2 Me

Montreal :
Forward

Dark clouds loom over Montreal. The City of Black
Miracles mi

factions lay ¢

‘oon be subjected to a bitter war as its many

faim to their home. It is up to you to decide
which threat strikes first and why. Generally, any chronicle
set in Montreal should start with the characters discovering
what's going on behind the scenes. As events escalate, the |
characters become better informed and hopefully prepare to |
deal with the coming conflict.


The first lair of intrigue that the characters probably
peel back has to do with the feud between Ezekiel and
Archbishop Valez. The contenders' struggle is well known.
by the city's Sabbat and has the potential to divide the city,
leaving it vulnerable to the Camarilla and Pierre Bellemare's
nefarious plots. Ezekiel knows that his bid for power must be
justified — if it isn't, he could be branded a traitor. In the
opening stages of the conflict, Ezekiel and Valez are on the
lookout for the other's errors, hoping to find weaknesses to

she
has official status and the support of Cardinal Strathcona.

exploit. Valez has the advantage of being archbishor

However, Ezekiel's determination and prestige are likely to
win him a large number of supporters, both inside and
outside Montreal. Meanwhile, the Shepherds sit back and
wait. Alfred takes the opportunity to cement his position
while Ezekiel and Valez play their hands.

The repercussions of Ezekiel's bid for power could be
far-reaching, affecting not only Montreal but the whole of
the Sabbat. Wounds left unhealed after the Sabbat Civil
War may be reopened as the Black Hand — always looking
for a way to deal with the Inquisition — likely supports
Ezekiel while the Sabbat regent and cardinals back Valez.

No matter what happens in a sectwide war or what parts
the characters play in it, they should never forget that there
are still greater powers at work. The infernal heart of
Montreal is strongest when its foes are at their weakest.
Indeed, Montreal's Decani threat may be the damnation of
the Sabbat or the catalyst that unifies the fragmented sect as
Cainites join forces against the common enemy.

It's up to you and your players.

Be

}
|
}
Y

Chapter Six: The Chronicle



pendix:
The Sabbat >
Inquisition

You're the weapons of war
You're the irony of justice
And the father of law

Stone Temple Pilots, "Naked Sunday"

By abandoning their humanity, members of the Sab!
expose themselves to temptations from beyond the pale of
mortal experience. In the deepest recesses of the universe
lurk demons who guide Cainites on the dreaded Path of Evil
Revelations. Heretics lurk within the Sabbat like an infes-
tation, transforming the sect's tenets of freedom and
community into chains of slavery and domination. To deal
with this danger, the sect turns to its own Inquisition, a
potent crusade that stops at nothing to destroy the corrup-
tion within.

Background

The first Sabbat Inquisition was intimately linked to
Montreal and the Shepherds of Caine. Priscus Gustav
Mallenhaus founded the crusade in 1804 after encountering
demon cultists in Europe. He turned to the Shepherds for

their expertise and advice. Alfred Benezri and several of his

covenmates partook in the first Inquisition war party. When
the movement became an institution, the Shepherd Soeur
Jeanne took command of it.

Jeanne's Inquisition served the Sabbat well for decades
before it fell into the political morass of the sect's civil war
By 1900, it was unclear whether Jeanne and her 50 inquisi-
tors were hunting infernalists or political rivals. Dominion
Julian of the Black Hand realized that a new Inquisition was
ary and met with the Shepherds in 1911 to formulate
aplan. He and Alfred Benezri created a formula for a much
smaller crusade that would remain independent of the Black
Hand, the Shepherds and any other faction. The Shepherds
agreed that Soeur Jeanne had to be sacrificed, and they
watched silently as she and her followers fell to the Hand
outside Philadelphia in 1919. Five years later, Julian aban-
doned his position in the Black Hand to lead a new
Inquisition. His crusade has served the sect ever since.

nece:

Appendix: The Sabbat Inquisition.


Organization
and Duties

The Sabbat Inquisition's mission, to root out and
destroy heretics, grants it wide-ranging powers. Despite its
small size — consisting of only six judge inquisitors and six
knight inquisitors who serve under the grand inquisitor —
it has proven extremely effective.

The Grand Inquisitor

The grand inquisitor lives in the institution's head-

quarters, a secret lair rumored to be in the mountains of
northern Mexico. She goes into the field as it suits her, but
usually only coordinates the activities of those under her
command.

Julian served as grand inquisitor from 1924 until his
destruction during an attack on a corrupted Black Hand cell
in El Paso, Texas in 1970. The struggle brought Julian f
to face with his former mentor. The two Assamites de-

e

stroyed each other in a battle of legendary proportions.
Julian's former position remained under contention until
1973 when El Paso survivor Maria Sandoza assumed the
post.

Judge Inquisitors

Judge inquisitors are the face of the Inquisition. They
arrive ina city to lay formal charges of heresy. Operating in
two separate tribunals of three each and assisted by templars,

these Sabbat sit in judgment of the accused. Trials are
lengthy ordeals in which both accused and accuser are
examined over long hours of interrogation, which are pune-
tuated by torture and Thaumaturgical examinations. It is
not unusual for most of the local Sabbat to testify.

Those found guilty are made to endure unimaginable
pain and eventually reveal any and all accomplices. They
are ultimately executed by their fellow Sabbat during the
auto-de-fé (4
Shepherds of Caine, any mortal servants of the infernalists

t of faith). Using a ritual developed by the

are Thaumaturgically transformed into warped black trees.
These black groves
betraying the sect. Sabbat found innocent are free to con-
tinue their existen

ye as reminders of the price of

unmolested, and each receives a
document of innocence called the ad cautelam. It is almost
impossible to retry a vampire who holds such a document.

A keen and perceptive mind is much more important
to a judge inquisitor than any specific Discipline. Judges
must be able to separate truth from rumor and wield the fear
that the Inquisition instills without tearing a city apart
Occasionally the inquisitors on a tribunal disagree, but only

behind closed doors.


Knight Inquisitors

Operating ahead of and often independently from
tribunals are three pairs of knight inquisitors, These crusad-
ers work secretly to ferret out and hunt down infernalists.
The knights' primary duty is to gather information. Under
ideal circumstances they call tribunals to try any heretics
they uncover. If the knights are discovered or their prey is
likely to flee before trial, they dispatch the infernalists
themselves. Knights rarely hesitate to destroy vampires who
stand in their way, and the Inquisition has claimed the right
of casual destruction as part of its arsenal against heresy.

Knights are paired up by the grand inquisitor based on
their complementary personalities and skills. The typical
knight team includes a physical warrior and a skilled
Thaumaturgist. Each pair also relies on a vampiric watcher
who remains at Inquisition headquarters as a resource man-
ager. Watchers are often retired inquisitors.

The Inquisition
in the Sabbat

The Sabbat Regent and Inner Circle, afraid that one of
their enemies will gain influence over the Inquisition, insist

that the institution remain neutral. Every trial is secretly
reviewed at the highest level, and the Regent is rumored to
have an envoy at Inquisition headquarters who conveys her
concerns to the grand inquisitor. The templars who serve
judge inquisitors also exist to keep the crusade focused on
infernal matters and to guard against political manipula-
tion.

Rather than being a faction unto itself, the Inquisition
is more of a Cainite force of nature. The lives of some
vampires are ended and the lives of others are saved, not

because of the vampires' views or political stances, but

because of their true (and often hidden) agendas.

The Shepherds of Caine

The Shepherds have a special relationship with the

Inquisition. Priscus Mallenhaus went to the Shepherds for
advice on creating the crusade, and Inquisition member
Soeur Jeanne was one member of the coven who was in good
standing. Her support of Mallenhaus during the civil war
tainted the Shepherds by association, yet they remained an
integral part of the Inquisition. Julian knew that the Shep-
herds' long experience with the diabolical and their access
to the Litany of Blood would be invaluable in the struggle
against infernalism. He did, however, institute a policy of
limiting the number of Shepherds involved in the Inquisi-
tion atany one time. Only asingle knight or judge inquisitor
may be a Shepherd, and she is forbidden from partaking in
the Vaulderie with her coven while acting as an inquisitor


The Shepherd "slot" in the Inquisition recently became
vacant when the Taoist covenmember Zhou was destroyed

while serving as a judge inquisitor.

Over the years, the limits on Shepherds influence have
eroded. High Inquisitor Maria Sandoza is a close friend of
Alfred Benezri, and the Path of Nocturnal Redemption has
become increasingly popular with inquisitors. Many mem-
‘searchers, templars

bers of the Inquisition's support staff —
and watchers — have become Martyrs, and they support the
Shepherd coven.

The Black Hand

Black Hand leaders feel that the Inquisition should not
be allowed to exist, even in a new form, because it was
dangerous to the Sabbat during the civil war. Most Hand
members believe that they are more suited to waging war on

Those outside the Hand theorize that the

infernalism
assassins dislike the existence of any other secretive group
because Hand members want all the power for themselves.

Dominion Julian, the founder of the modern Inquisition,
was considered a traitor by the Hand. A skilled warrior and
politician, Julian was a likely candidate for the Hand position
of seraph. However, his reformation of the Inquisition and his
recanting of Hand membership for the sake of the crusade
made hima target for his former colleagues. Before his destruc-
tion, Julian survived 12 assassination attempts.

Toavi

id its own politicization, the Inquisition insists that
Hand tectuits recant their pledges to the group. The Hand has
never protested this demand. Loyal Hand members consider
the pledge to the order to be irrevocable; any vampire trying to
leave the Handis brandeda traitor. Otherthan Julian, only two
Hand membe:

have joined the Inquisition. Both vanished
before they completed their Inquisition training.

Montreal by Night


When we started the Black Dog Game Factory line of
horror game books, we were a little nervous. We'd stretched
the conventional limits before, almost to the breaking
point. We'd had books banned from GENCon® and
dropped by retailers and distributors nationwide. We'd had
trouble explaining our rather gory work to our maiden aunts
and in-laws. We had to ask ourselves a few tough ques:
tions

How would the "For Adults Only" rating affect sales?

Would we alienate younger players?

Would we offend older players?

Should we censor our products to "give the hobby a

od image?"

Couldn't we accomplish the same level of horror and
storytelling in a milder format?

Would this "new level" of horror gaming merely shoe!
or would it be what we really wanted: artistic exploration

of disturbing themes and stories. In other words, would the

new series be A\y7?

There were no easy answers. We decided to risk it (be:
cause that's how we think around here).

First H6L appeared on your shelves, then Giovanni
Chronicles I: The Last Supper. Freak Legion, Dark Re-
flections: Spectres, Destiny's Price and Giovanni
Chronicles I: Blood and Fire soon joined them. And all
this time, we're still a little nervous. The books were popu-
lar, it didn't seem we'd offended or alienated anybody (no
more than usual, anyway) and we were certain that these
stories and issues needed that level of depth and terror.

But we still weren't sure if it was Art

GAME FACTORY

This July, to our immense relief and overwhelming
pride, the Academy of Adventure Gaming Arts and De-
sign presented us with the ORIGINS Award for Best Role-
playing Adventure — for Giovanni Chronicles I: The Last
Supper.

Vindication at last.

Because even if we still doubt occasionally, we can look
up at the plaque in our reception area and be reassured

Whether these books are A, 77 or not, they're good

PUBLISHING

CAME STUDIO

*(Mage: The Ascension Second Edition and the Mage Tarot Deck

won awards, too, but we weren't worried about them.)
